around me. When I open my eyes, I take a chance and put my feet in the water. It stops just above my ankles and I wade through the water towards the center of the arena. Something slides across my foot and I shriek. I freeze as I see golden scales slidin' through the water before disappearing. I breathe deeply, lookin' down. Hound-snakes. I remember Momma told me they was mutations that the Capitol made during the Dark Days. They was mighty poisonous. I walk under the land becomes dry underfoot and I can see the field where we first started. I run towards it, where I see the mound where there were originally supplies. There are none now, except for a few scraps of food and I lay on top of the cold metal, lookin' up at the sky. I reach for the stone in my pocket and I decide that maybe it is lucky. It'll protect me, if I let it. Two tributes died. The District Three girl drowned because she was washing off her face. And Scorpia. She had been in a tree with Kadrian when she mysteriously fell. She got bit by a hound-snake. When the floods are over and the water recedes, I crawl back to where I last saw Zenobia and Skylar. I find them layin' together, their arms and their legs wrapped around each other. I look at them as they hold each other, like they the last thing left in the world for each other. I wish they could both live in the arena. That they both could win. But it ain't possible. I wish it was, because I want them to be happy. They want to live and I want to live, too, but I don't think my life is as valuable as theirs. They were the best ones surviving now. Except for Kadrian. Skylar hugs me when they see me and he says he was worried about me, that I had died. Zenobia just looks at me and she looks very small without her bow. In her hands, she has the box of matches. With them, I decides, we could set the world alight. We could set the world on fire. All three of us. "I can't be you with guys anymore," Zenobia says and wipes her hair out of her eyes. She pockets the matches and I look at her, like she grown two extra heads. "It was nice working with you." She smirks and then takes off running to the east. "Good luck," she shouts, "I'll be seeing you soon." She says that and leaves so quickly that it takes me a while to register what she means. By then, though, Skylar is looking after her. He don't look sad, though. He knew. That's why they had been together. Only one can win. Only the strongest can win. It's only natural. I look at him hard and then I throw my arms around him. I pull out Momma's stone and curls it into his hands. "Take it," I says, "Momma said it was for good luck." I wish I had the matches, so I can set the world on fire. Zenobia was just doin' what was natural. She wanted to go home. We all did. I hated this game. Twenty tributes have died. Two died in the floods three days ago. Now it remains me and Skylar, and Kadrian. And Zenobia. Of course, Zenobia. I haven't seen Kadrian, but I know he's slinking around. I see Zenobia in the trees. Sometimes we sit and look at each other for a while, when Skylar's not looking. We don't talk. We ain't friends. We just two people thrown in a game of killing. There ain't nothing entertaining about it. On the fourth day after the flood, I stand on the ground. She is sittin' up in the tree. She looks at me and I looks at her hard. We both silently agree that we ain't goin' to win by just sittin' there and waiting for somebody to make a move. But we don't make a move against each other. No. It ain't like that. Zenobia looks down at me. She holds up four fingers- for her district- and kisses each one. Then, she brushes them by her heart. She throws something down at my feet. "Good luck," she says to me and jumps onto another tree branch. I know where she's going. She's goin' to fight Skylar Herriot. If he don't win, I want her to. I want her to go home alive. Harrion and Euphemia, and Momma and everbody else are probably watchin'. They waitin' to see what I'm going to do. But I can't do much. I am the girl who scored a six. I am Ziv, my momma's bright child but compared to the others, I am only a candlelight. Even with a candle, though, you can set the world alight. I pick up the matches. I take one and I strike it. I look at the tiny little flame. I hear spear before I feel it and I am not afraid. I know that it is Kadrian who has killed me. He's been bidin' his time. I let the lit match fall to the ground. I know that only the strongest can survive, can spread their light. I was not strong. And I cries while I'm dyin', and I know Kadrian is sittin' there watching me die. The bushes catch on fire. "Good luck, Skylar," I say. I remember he has my Tiger's Eye. "Good luck, Zenobia. Only the strongest can win. Spread your light." I don't know who I'm talkin' to. "Be strong. You're going to win." I was not strong. This was admittedly hastily done. I don't think it's possible to fit a whole Hunger Games event into a one-shot. Ziv's voice was a strange one. I think maybe I should go back to my own fandom. Yes, that is what it is best.