a hand into his apron and pulls out a necklace with a silver pendant bearing the name 'Missy.' Missy squeals as I clasp it around her neck. "Thank you, Arthur!" "Did you make that?" I ask, impressed. "I make jewelry all the time," Arthur answers casually. "You've never made anything for me." "Yeah, I generally only give presents to people I like, Lacy." With a smile, he grabs me around the waist and kisses me gently. If anyone else ever dared to call me Lacy, I would sock them right across the face. But I like the way it sounds on Arthur's tongue. "You're a jerk," I laugh, shoving him away. "So, how much longer until you're ready to be an actual blacksmith?" "I am an actual blacksmith." "You're a blacksmith's apprentice, Artie." "The end of this year's Games." "Really?" "The blacksmith's shop is mine as soon as the Games end," Arthur tells me proudly. I hug him happily; it's no easy feat to avoid the mines in District 12, and I couldn't be more excited for Arthur. He's always been a quiet boy, prone to being picked on at school, and occasionally I stood up for him when we were younger. But we never talked to each other; we just didn't run in the same circles. It wasn't until last year, when Luke entered the Games, that we really got to know each other. He stopped by every day to check on Missy, my mother, and I. Arthur's a sweet boy. He's not a genius; he's the athletic equivalent of a middle-school boy; he's certainly not Mr. Popular. But he's sweet. And I like that. We're both eighteen now, and in District 12 that means it's time to get married and have enough kids to earn a steady income from the mines. Not that I'm interested in the whole raising children thing; I have Missy to take care of, and our family no longer has any financial trouble, thanks to Luke. But I'd still like to be Arthur's wife. Doesn't every girl want that? The blacksmith's wife. Arthur and Laciel. I can't think of anything else I'd like to do with my life. "We'd better go," Arthur interrupts my thoughts. "Don't want to be late for the reapings." This is our final year of eligibility, and it brings relief. Finally, an end to the terror. Of course, it will all roll around again in a few years when Missy is eligible, but at least we'll get a break. I leave Missy in the audience with my mother and head to my section. "Pawl Temple!" A young boy, shaking like a leaf, climbs the stage and stares at the crowd with wide, petrified eyes. There's a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach; first Daryl, then Luke, now this poor boy. And then I do my yearly prayer: not my family. Not my family. Not my family. "Laciel Eve!" For a moment, I'm sure that it's a joke. What a cruel twist of fate – they had Lucky Luke last year, and now they want his twin. And the best part? My twin brother will be my mentor. Of course, it's too perfect to be a coincidence. No, this was planned. The reapings were rigged. I can just imagine the dramatic gasps and delightful squeals of the Capitol audience as they watch the drama unfolding before them. No matter how cheated I feel, that is one truth that I cannot deny: it makes for great entertainment. My feet seem to move themselves. Before I even realize that I'm moving, I find myself standing on the stage next to little Pawl Temple. Arthur's anguished face stares at me from the crowd; Missy is bawling. But Luke's face is the worst: absolute betrayal. How could they? How? Was one Eve child not enough? As I try to remember how to breath, my brother shoves his way through the crowd and races onstage next to me; he whispers forcefully at the announcer. There must be a mistake, he insists. This is not possible. I don't care what the slip of paper says, just call a different name. Ruin a different family. "Luke!" I hiss. "Don't do this. Don't make them mad." He turns, suddenly aware of the cameras watching his every move. I nearly cry when Missy hugs me and tearfully says goodbye. But I manage to hold it in, for her. Arthur is next, and he seems incapable of doing anything but staring at me in shock, his face reflecting a profound loss. I'm not dead yet , I want to tell him. "Laciel, just… just take this, okay? Promise me you'll wear it." He hands me a ring. "What is this?" I ask slowly. "I've been saving it." "For when?" "For the right moment. But I guess this is the best I'm gonna get." "…It's beautiful. I can't believe you made this. You're going to be the best blacksmith this district has ever seen." My voice cracks, and I focus on slipping the ring onto my finger so that I don't have to stare at Arthur, because I know that if I do I won't be able to keep myself from crying any longer. "Laciel, I love you." "Arthur, I'm going to wear this now. But when I get back, I expect you to ask me properly." He stares at me with a look of pure tragedy, and I realize that he doesn't expect me to come back at all. Tributes: District 1: Iskandar Samir, 18 Tammy Harding District 2: Katerina, 17 Duval, 16 District 3: Remi, 17 Alise, 14 District 4: Virdiana "Vi" Avenaye Darwin, 17 District 5: Jango, 17 Madelyn, 17 District 6: Elisa, 17 Osmium, 16 District 7: Daniel, 17 Aibileen "Abe" Jude, 16 District 8: Niels Valence, 15 District 9: June Leonardo, 17 Haley Jay, 12 District 10: Dolly, 16 Dara, 12 District 11: Harper, 14 Bidzill, 17 District 12: Laciel Eve, 18 Pawl Temple, 12