and they all realize this fully. That, however, does not mean that I am terribly frightened. A little scared? Yeah. Uncomfortable with the notion of dying? Completely. But, the thing is, when you've been faced with the idea of death all your life, when volunteering to die is actually encouraged, going out to risk your life apparently becomes something that a person is kind desensitized towards. "If you're sure," my mother says. "But Marvel? Please come home to us. I would be terribly vexed if I were to lose you." I stand up and give her a quick hug, given that I don't think I've ever heard her say anything so… personal, to me over the course of my seventeen wonderful years. My father only nods at me, but I still reach out and stiffly shake his hand. Then Brianna, small and stoic as a statue, purses her lips and rigidly wraps her thin arms around my waist. "Don't worry about a thing. I've got this," I tell her confidently. Then the Peacekeepers come and drag my family away, and I'm left by myself because no one else is willing to visit me. Glimmer probably has a line of admirers, waiting to say their good-byes and get themselves in her good graces in case she actually returns, so I know that it'll be a while before we leave. Every second of her allotted time will be used up. I don't think I've ticked away half of mine. I sit and wait. A clock ticks on the wall, and each second piles on top of the other in my head, adding up to a handful of minutes, and then a small chunk of an hour before a Peacekeeper enters my room and tells me that it's time to get going. Glimmer, who I am disappointed to see hasn't been crying, is shoved up beside me, and we are both thrust into the backseat of a fancy Capitol car. As soon as the doors are closed, she turns to look at me. "We're going to be allies, right?" I pretend to think about it for a moment, running my eyes up and down her pretty little body as if I'm sizing her up. She tenses, so I draw out the moment a second longer before replying. "I suppose." Nodding, Glimmer says, "Good. You'll help with sponsors." "How?" I ask, because although I like to believe I am greatly gifted in the attractiveness department, I have a feeling that I contrast quite badly with Glimmer's goddess-like appearance. "Your personality. The Capitol will love a crazy-as-hell asshole who smiles all the time. That suit works with the idea, too. It makes you look ridiculous." I shrug because I'm pretty sure the Capitol will appreciate any personality that's thrown at them as long as it's attached to a big, ruthless tribute, but I don't tell her this. "If you say so." "Oh? And act like you're actually into girls once the cameras start focusing on us. I'm trying to make myself appear desirable, and it will help a hell of a lot if you would actually look at me." I blink several times, quite positive that she just called me gay. "Hey, just because I don't drool doesn't mean I don't look," I say defensively. "Because believe me, I appreciate the view." "So you'll do it?" Glimmer asks. She doesn't think I'll say no. I do. "I don't think so. See, I've got a reputation for only accepting the best. Something that's been passed around half of District One is too secondhand for my taste, and I don't want anyone back home getting the wrong impression about me. If you're willing to acquiesce to something in secret, though-" I'm actually quite lucky that the car stops then, because I'm pretty sure that I would have had perfectly filed nails in my throat if I couldn't have scrambled out the door at that precise moment. Funnily enough, I wasn't even trying to be an asshole. I was telling the truth. Someone of my standing and wealth seen pining after a person who is a good ways under me, at least status-wise, is frowned upon. If Glimmer were to come after me, it'd be a different story, but suggesting that to her would probably lead to a premature death that I'm not excessively interested in. "Sorry, Glim," I say as we're prodded towards the train station, "but it's true. I'm sure you'll seduce the Capitol just fine without my help." She puts a tight smile on her face, but says nothing. I widen my own grin and start waving, tossing out kisses, and allowing the Capitol to bask in the general sunniness that is my personality. In District One, our training starts before we can really work with weapons. That's because our tributes rarely win the Games in the arena. Here, where appearances are everything, it's personality that counts. I have been trained to make the Capitol love me. So that's what I do. Cameras eat up my face and other parts of Glimmer, and then we're on the train and away from the bug-like lenses. "Well, that was interesting," I announce to the room as a whole. "Now, I think I need a nap." No one objects, so I escort myself to a room that appears to be made up for a tribute and plop down onto the bed. I don't sleep. Instead, I take a moment to let myself get swallowed up by the quiet, away from Glimmer and cameras and prying eyes. Once the adrenaline works its way from my veins and my heart has slowed down a little, I realize something. I'm hungry. I'll find someone to get me food. First, though, I have to change out of my suit. I hope you liked it, and please tell me what you think! Any reviewers with an account will get a sneak peek of the next chapter, just in case that changes any minds.