"We'll see I guess." Johanna shrugged. "Yeah, I really was." "What do you mean?" "I wanted Peeta to get out of here." "Ah, defender of the helpless strikes again." "Not exactly." "That's exactly what it is." "Well, I failed because he's gone!" She snapped. "Keep yelling and we'll all be." "Well stop egging me on." "Fine." "Good." She sighed. Suddenly a bong went off, not a cannon. Just a loud bong and it was followed by eleven more. "What was that?" "Twelve… the districts?" "No way that's too obvious." "What could it be then?" "I am not sure but not that." She then noticed multiple lightning strikes fairly close but not enough to pose a threat clearly being contained to a different sector. "It's just another trap." "Oh, might be thunder or something." "Odd." "A little but it's at least an explanation." "That's true." "At least it's somewhere else." "Yeah, not our problem." "Haven't heard a cannon for it." "Maybe it missed." "I guess." "We'll see though." "Yes we will." "Mean time we are stuck waiting." "Nothing else to do." A while later the lightning stopped and it began to rain where they were but it wasn't water. "Oh...what the hell is this!?" Katniss gasped as the red droplets came think fast and seemingly unending. They were boiling hot at well and made visibility nearly impossible. "Finnick!" Johanna called out He and the others were instantly up and out. "Take cover where you can and be careful!" "I can't see anything!" Finnick called out. "Stay still all of you try not to move!" She couldn't really tell if they listened or not some of the liquid getting up in her mouth but when it did it clicked what it was. "This is blood." "Blood!?" Johanna gasped "We need to get out of this!" "How!?" She tried to remember at least the right direction. Any but straight into the force field should work. "Just link arms and follow me." They each did successfully. Katniss headed away from the force-field. As they went though Blight had lost his grip from Wiress at the end of the line losing the group in the rain. He staggered around trying to find them then hit the force field. A cannon went off pretty much instantly after. "Oh no! Who did we lose?" "Blight." "Damn it." "Just focus on getting out for now." "Right, we can't be too far!" "Yeah." Katniss said and they keep moving eventually finding it. The staggered out onto the beach. Luckily no one was there. They all took deep breaths in and out. "Everyone else okay?" Katniss asked. "Well depends on what you mean by okay." She turned and found that Beetee was unconscious. "Okay not good." She went over to him to try to figure out what happened. "Bump to the head. He should be fine with time if we can keep him alive until then," Katniss added. "We need to rest." "Might as well stop here seeing we're alone." "Clean the blood off first." Katniss nodded and went into the water herself. She watched as the water turned dark red. She took off the blood soaked suit leaving just her underclothes. "That's better." She attempted to scrub off what was left on her skin into the saltwater. Most of it scrubbed off. Then she started to hear a soft chant of two simple words, "Tick tock, tick tock, tick tock." "What's that!?" she asked, spinning around. She found though that it was just Wiress chanting it. "Yeah, yeah, tick, tock, Nuts is in shock," Johanna said. "Is that all it is?" Finnick asked. "How am I supposed to know? She's nuts and the only person who can ever understand her is unconscious." "Well, sorry." "It's probably just that though." "Well, we have to wait until he wakes." "I guess so." "Let's just keep her calm." "I'll try." Katniss said getting out of the water. "Wiress," she said carefully. Wiress looked at her but still kept muttering the phrase almost with a sense of urgency. "Calm down please." Wiress shook her head and just kept mumbling. "What is wrong?" "Tick tock," she said pointing out into the forest. "What?" "Tick tock, tick tock." "Yes tick tock." She said 'Maybe, Jonanna's right.' Katniss thought. 'She's just in shock.' "Okay come on." She led her to the water. She scrubbed the blood off her, The chant never did stop though. "What do you mean?" She looked around the spikes water and the jungle. "What could she mean?" It was hard to accept that it was just shock as Johanna had claimed. She seemed to be trying to say something urgent. 'What could it possibly be? Think Katniss' She looked around her as a fog started the gather at the section next to where they came from and the twelve spurs above the water around the Cornucopia. "It's a clock!" Wiress seemed relieved but everyone else was confused. "The arena is a clock! Wiress you're a genius!" Wiress nodded with a hug smile now. "What do you mean?" Johanna asked "We think the arena's divided into twelve sections like a clock marks by these spurs in the water. Each hour a threat goes off in the corresponding section. That must have been what the bongs were, the stroke of midnight." "Well, that does make sense." "I knew that had to be something else to the arena." "Yeah, I guess you were right." "We'll stay here for now and see what we find to prove or disprove it." "Fair enough." "You should get cleaned off unless you like the blood on your skin." "Oh right." She went and got cleaned off as Katniss watched the next section for anything. "Now we wait." Katniss just sat down by the Cornucopia. Please review and if you can think of anything killing of Peeta will change either review or pm Batmarcus or myself what it is and if we haven't already we will take it under consideration.