stimulation brings me to an explosive orgasm, and Peeta has to hold his hand tight over my mouth to help keep me quiet. I think I even end up biting down on his finger a little as I fight to hold back my moans of enjoyment, until he finally gives me a reprieve, putting the showerhead back up on the wall and just holding my naked body against his in the falling water, his lips pressed to my shoulder, until the water begins to run cold. After that incident, every time we see the couple in the cottage next door, I blush as we wave hello and walk by, hoping to God that they didn't hear anything that would give away the fact that what we were doing in that shower had nothing to do with rinsing off beach sand. As the days fly by in our little piece of paradise, we celebrate in every way- and in every place- we can think of. We christen our entire cottage, having more sex than we've had in a long time. We go swimming in the ocean one afternoon and he unties to top of my swim suit, holding me tight with my naked breasts pressed to his chest and my legs around his waist as we laugh and kiss under the hot sun. We barely make it back to the cottage in time to tear each other's swim suits off and go at it on the living room couch. On the last night at the beach, we decide to celebrate by going out to a local place for dinner and dancing. We eat seafood and dance, we listen to bad karaoke, laughing until our sides hurt, and we drink margaritas until they close the bar down. By the light of the moon, we stumble our way home down the beach holding hands, drunk on tequila and on each other. The night is warm and balmy, and my cheeks are flushed with both alcohol and arousal. I drag Peeta towards a cluster of palm trees and shrubbery standing in the dark on the edge of the beach. I kiss him, tasting limes and salt on both of our lips. I giggle as I push his back up against one of the trees in the darkness. "I don't think I've thanked you for this wonderful vacation!" I laugh, as I slide down his body, open his pants, and go down on him right then and there. "Remind me to take you on vacation more often." he groans, twisting my hair in his hand as I finish him off. When Peeta's recovered from my impromptu oral session, we continue our walk home down the beach, both of us carrying our shoes as we stroll down the sand. We're almost home when suddenly the sky opens up, and we're getting drenched by a summer downpour. We hurry home as fast as we can and when we reach our own front door, we rush inside, both of us soaking wet, laughing as we drip all over the linoleum in the entryway. With my bare feet on the wet floor, the first thing I do is slip and fall, grabbing onto Peeta and pulling him down with me. We lay there on the floor laughing like idiots until we're out of breath. I run my hands through Peeta's wet hair, slicking it back off of his forehead, and tell him "I love you, Peeta Mellark." He replies, "I love you too, Katniss Mellark." We peel off each other's wet clothes and make love right there on the floor, before making our way to the bed for round two. The next day, we board the train and return to district 12. As it turns out, I don't get pregnant that first month, or the next one, but it's okay; we have plenty of fun trying again. And soon, I do become pregnant with our first baby. There are times during the pregnancy that I'm scared, terrified even, as my old fears occasionally return. They are the worst in the hours just after I've woken up from the nightmares that I still occasionally suffer, just as Peeta sometimes has flashbacks from his hijacking. There are some nights, once my belly gets large and round, that I pace the floors, unable to get back to sleep because my hormones are out of control and I'm afraid and I question whether I did the right thing by agreeing to have this baby. But when I get like that, Peeta sits with me, and I always ask him to bring me the drawing that he made on our vacation of me holding the conch shell in my hand. I go back to that day on the beach, the day when love triumphed over fear, and I made up my mind to give Peeta the child he wants so much, and it helps put my mind at ease. And when I'm finally relaxed enough to go back to bed, Peeta tucks me in and lays facing me, holding his hand protectively over my belly that's full of our baby, reassuring me that everything is going to be okay. By the following February, we are new parents of a beautiful baby girl with my dark hair and Peeta's blue eyes. Just as Peeta promised me so many times, I fell in love with her the moment I held her. Like her father, she is all goodness and sweetness and fills me with hope for the future. As coincidence would have it, the day we bring her home from the hospital happens to be Valentine's Day. When we settle in that evening, I watch him as he rocks her gently in his arms, cuddled together in the rocking chair. Peeta apologizes that he doesn't have flowers for me for Valentine's Day this year. I smile and tell him that it doesn't matter. I've got two spring dandelions now, and that's all the flowers I need.