Hunger Games which wasn't even close to existing yet.' I couldn't help myself. I turned to the first page and started reading. I was shocked when Prim name came up. ' It must be a coincidence,' I thought and flipped forward a few pages finding not only Gale but my own full name and Gale's nickname for me. "Okay this is getting creepy." I said out loud, but kept reading. Not just the names but it was undeniably a poverty stricken version of her, her family, and her life. Then she got to the reaping which went almost exactly like hers but with a preppier attitude from the person drawing the names. That was until Peeta's name was drawn. Then it went into some ridiculous story about bread. "You never forget the face of the person who was your last hope." I repeated from the book glancing over to the door. The boy with the bread didn't really exist. He couldn't. Not in a place like 12 where money practically grows on trees. "This is clearly some bad joke." I kept reading but quickly found herself in the present. I looked at how I was frankly barely into the book and wondered if I should keep reading. I decided not to not now. I folded the page I was on and closed it but took the book out with me. I sat at the dining car and waited for food. I knew with heading to the Capitol than the arena this will likely be my last real meal so I ate as much as I could. As I did I couldn't help but wonder about it I really had grown up like the Katniss in this book. 'Is it real?' I wondered. I picked up the book and stared at it. It was just all too creepy. 'Maybe later.' I thought. I still couldn't help but wonder. So I peeked in again. Oh, so that's how you do it. I looked over at a knife on the dining room table. I gripped it correctly and threw it. It landed in between the cushions just as the book had described. He isn't in here though. ' Practice knife throwing' I thought. I picked up another knife and threw it. It stuck better. "Not too shabby," I thought throwing a third one which stuck beside the other two. Maybe I won't be completely useless if I can't find a bow. "What are you doing?" Peeta asked. "Getting ready for the arena." I said throwing another knife. "By throwing knives?" "Seems fitting given where we're headed to." "Well, I suppose so." "I'd rather not just be pray for the Careers once we get to the arena." "You make a good point." "If you prefer crying than go ahead but it will just get you killed." "I know. You said that." "Well, it's true." I said turning to him. "I never said it was not." "Then why did you?" "I had to." "I didn't. I wanted to but I knew I had to be strong." "Well sorry, I am not as strong as you." "I guess it is hard." "Yeah it is." He added. "I will try though." "Good I will not save you." "I figured not." I nodded. "There's only one victor after all. It's everyone for themselves." I said turning back to the knives. "Yeah." "Then just leave me alone." I said throwing another knife. "Fine." He huffed. I didn't turn back but I heard footsteps and the door close. 'Good' I thought. I just kept throwing the knives which I noticed was improving. "I'm not so bad." I said. "Impressive," I heard a voice slur. "It speaks!" I said sarcastically. "No need for sarcasm, Sweetheart. Looks like I might have actually gotten a fighter this year." "Well, I do not want to die." "And that's good and it seems like you really do have a real chance." "You think so?" "Yeah, a lot better than any of the other tributes I've gotten. Anything else you can do?" "I am good with a bow." "Good, than yes. I think you have a real chance of winning as long as you really try." "Of course I will." "Then I'll help." "You will?" "Yes, I will." "Thank you." I said. "Good, then after that I won't have to do this on my own anymore." "Be a mentor?" I asked. "Yeah, that's unfortunately required of being a victor." "Oh I see." I sighed. "Yeah, it's hard to have to watch them always die so soon." "I can imagine it would be." "Better than dying though." Haymitch said. "Is it?" I asked. "As long as you have something worth coming home for. Which you obviously do. "Yes, I clearly do." "Then it's a lot better than dying." "Okay." I said nodding. "Who do you have? Besides Primrose." "My mother and Gale." "Then just think about the three of them and fight through it." "Okay." "Good, that's really the best way to." "Got it." "Then that's really it for today. Just keep doing what you're doing for now." I nodded getting back to it. See? Insanity! So, obviously District 12 has a lot of money in this contradictory to canon. Which Katniss is reading. X-D I'd have a heart attack if that happened… but what else? What other curve balls did we through to canon obviously excluding those resulting from the money (i.e Katniss not knowing Peeta from anywhere)? The answer I'm looking for is SUPER obvious next chapter but is referenced twice here if you can spot the fox. Marcus may or may not find out about this depending on if he reads this but I'm setting up a contest. The first to review or PM me the answer will get a super special preview scene from or other new story 'But a Number'. Contest valid until that story is posted or we have a winner. Good luck and if you have no idea review anyways!