curls out of her hair and motions us to the screen. It's the same rebel movie we watch every year that President Snow narrates. It shows bombs, shootings, and lots of blood from the rebel war. Some turn away in disgust; perhaps that citizens could go against their country like that or that our ancestors left us in this condition. But I do not. I stare at the screen with pride, knowing that my mother and father supported a second uprising. I am proud to be an heir of that bravery. "Welcome, welcome! I am honored to be in the presence of such gallant young men and women." Dahlia begins, clasping her hands together in excitement. "Before we begin this chivalrous ceremony, it is asked of by the Capitol that it's most favored district bow to our gentle leader." There is a picture of President Snow on the projector. I look into his cruel, snake-like eyes and force myself to bend at the waist, never breaking a stare. The rest of my peers are silent, and obedient, but I just can't look at the man without seeing my late mother and father. "May the odds be ever in your favor," Dahlia breaks the silence. "Ladies first!" She swoops her hand into the glass bowl and pulls out a name. I wonder who will get the fame and fortune being a District 1 tribute. They will be cherished, victorious and everlastingly loved. I think about how many people are dying for this opportunity and hear a hundred girls drawn in a sharp breath all at once. "Glimmer Gallows." The initial shock sends waves of searing cold blood through my veins. My chest contracts uncomfortably. Immediately, I look to the careers with wide eyes for one of them to volunteer for me. They look back with stares that feel like they are boring through my skin. There isn't a sound. "Glimmer, darling." Dahlia chirps into the microphone. I glance up to the projector and see a close-up of my face. Pink lips slightly parted, scared, green eyes, and a pale complexion. I'm going into the Games, and I come to the realization that they have already begun. I begin to fight for my survival. I gasp in utter happiness and smile, holding both hands to my cheeks. I turn and hug the girl next to me; who stands stiff as a board. Flashing a dazzling smile to the audience, I begin to make my way up to stage, swishing my hips a little as I walk. I hold a delicate hand to my beating heart, pretending to be in a blissful awe. "Congratulations, Glimmer! You must be absolutely thrilled to represent District 1 as a tribute in this years 74th annual hunger games!" Dahlia squeals. "I am! I have dreamed for this opportunity for years!" I hear myself saying in a perky voice. "Before we proceed, I must ask. Are there any volunteers?" Silence again. Bitterly, my eyes search the crowd for Onyx. She must know what I am playing at? I see her with the other 15 year olds in an endless ocean of white, gray and light blue. She is ghostly pale and stands with both arms locked across her chest. Her eyes are empty, vacant, but they look at me and move to the projector screen. The silence echoes as no volunteers step forward. I don't look at my healthy, promising, peers spread across the audience. I can't take my eyes off Onyx. Her eyes move steady. Me, projector, me, projector. She's trying to tell me something. It clicks. No one volunteers for me because of who my mother and father were, exemplified in the rebel movie. It's my turn to suffer the way they had to. It is Onyx and Em's turn to suffer as well. No one wants me to be spared, even if it means filth representing District 1. With a smile plastered on my face, I put a thankful hand to my heart sink into myself a little, as if to signify how grateful I am that no one volunteered. Dahlia shakes my hand and embraces me, composes her ratty curls, and proceeds. "The boy representing this district will be," Dahlia plucks out a slip. "Marvel Augustus." I am thankful for the attention to be switched off of me even though I need to get used to it. The crowd claps politely for Marvel, but my attention is turned to his mother. She dabs a handkerchief to her eyes as friends and family congratulate her. She smiles and shakes the hands of admirers like a celebrity. I see her mouth that words, " That's my son." I wish I could be someone's daughter. "I am pleased to introduce the stunning tributes of District 1, Glimmer Gallows and Marvel Augustus! Shake hands, you two." Dahlia chirps in her silly Capitol accent. My first impression when I look at him is that he has beautiful eyes. Dark, and forest green like mine. Marvel is tall and slightly skinny, rather than muscular and lethal-looking, and I find comfort in that. I don't even know him, really, but despite being a career he seems… merciful. He doesn't smile at me when he shakes my hand, and I get that, but I find it peculiar when he knits his brow together in a confused nature. The way he looks into my eyes is like he's searching for something. "Congratulations to the both of you, and may the odds be ever in your favor!" Dahlia says for the second time. Peacekeepers take us by the arm and lead us off the stage. "Where are we going?" I ask the man gripping my arm a little too tightly. His face is like smooth stone, and he doesn't give any hint that he heard me. "Excuse me, I asked where we are going?" I don't realize until I hear Em screaming my name that we're being taken to our family for final goodbyes.