at her. "My pleasure." Katniss and Madge greet the other brother named Wheat, and she finds out he was much nicer and less flirty, but he still has that hint of arrogance she notices is a family quality. The mother of the family starts getting near them and she sees that she drags herself like a peacock, with her head high, her purse in between her elbow and wrist, and her hand slightly opened. "Mr. Mellark," Madge says when the couple reaches them. "Welcome back, we hope your flight was pleasant." "Oh, it was dear," He smiles and his eyes shine with joy, like he is one of those people that only gets better with each passing year. "It's lovely seeing you, who's our new member of the team?" He turns to look at Katniss and she freezes. "This is Katniss." Madge answers for her and Katniss thanks her with a small glance. "Marcus Mellark," They shake hands. "And this is my wife." "Nice to meet you," She says shyly. The woman looks for the very first time at Katniss and she does nothing but look up and down at her and purse her lips. "Help us with the bags please, Katherine." She goes inside the house with her husband following her. "It's Katniss," She says under her breath. The last one of the brothers stands in front of the limo talking to his girlfriend, she throws her arms around him and they walk towards them. She sees his washed-up jeans and that jacket, but the things that really gave him away were those eyes. Her heart races up and she thinks he might be able to hear it pumping on her chest. Her hands shake and she puts them inside her jacket's pockets so no one can notice. He doesn't see her, he just keeps walking with that confidence he reflects. "Hey Madge," He hugs Madge. "I've missed you." She giggles and hugs him back. "Me too, Peeta." "This is Glimmer," He introduces the blonde standing next to him. She throws a strand of her over her shoulder and smiles at Madge. "Hey," She says. "Nice to meet you," Madge forces a smile. "This is Katniss, the new girl." They make eye contact and she loses in his eyes, for a moment she thinks he really recognized her, but when he just gave her a simple hand shake and turned away she felt a little disappointed inside. Glimmer gave her a simple smile and dragged Peeta inside the house. Madge went to grab the luggage but Katniss remained in place, she looked towards him again and she met her eyes, just like in the train. She broke the contact and shook the thought out of her head to help Madge with the bags. "Don't even think about it," Madge told her firmly. "What?" "I saw the way you looked at him," She accused. "Do you know why your position was vacant?" "Um- " "Because he slept with the last three girls that worked here," Madge dragged to suitcases to the front door and waited for Katniss. "I'm just warning you, I don't want to hurt your feelings, but trust me when I say that he doesn't want anything else but to drag you to bed with him." Katniss closed the front door, confused, and impressed on how eager Madge is about the topic. "Okay." They leave the suitcases on every family member's room and make their way to the kitchen to start preparing dinner. "Katniss, please trust me on this. He will try to win you, but just know it'll cost you your job and reputation around this part of the district. Promise me you won't sleep with him, please." She listens carefully to her words and decides to not give them much importance, after all he doesn't even remember her and she knows that even if he did they had no chance of being together. She worked for him, he had a hot girlfriend, and he was completely out of her reach. Case closed, problem solved. She looks at Madge directly in the eye, "I promise." Madge smiles, "Great, I'll go find the lobster. Start boiling the water and cutting some carrots, be back in five." With that she leaves and Katniss is left in complete silence, only with her noisy thoughts stuck in her head. "Hey," A familiar voice distracts her. Peeta was leaning against the kitchen's door frame with his arms crossed over his chest, making his biceps pop, and made Katniss distracted by the view. He wore that half smirk that never seemed to be missing and his eyes trailed her body up and down, making her feel self-conscious and uncomfortable. What could he possibly want? She thought annoyed. "Peeta, right?" "That's right," He said moving closer to where she was, never breaking the eye contact. "They did tell me that Cassandra got fired, but I didn't know they'll hire someone this beautiful to replace her." Her hearth started beating rapidly in her chest and she felt a little guilty for having a good reaction to his words. She started cutting the carrot again, needing to distract herself from his attention. He moved towards her, while she tried to calm her breath and stop her hands from shaking. "I just wanted to say," He said standing next to her when she finished cutting the carrot and looked directly in her eyes. He started leaning in closer, she held her breath and closed her eyes, scared to move, or do anything that she might regret. She felt his breath on her ear, while goosebumps trailed her body and her heart beat speeded up even more. "Welcome, you're gonna love it here." He backed away, slowly, and when he was about to leave the kitchen he turned around one last time and winked at her. She freed the breath she was holding and pursed her lips nervously. Shit, this was going to be harder than she thought.