icing. Peeta explained then showed me how to make this green icing look like wild grass that grows in the woods. We were going to have a woods theme for the cake. "Now you practice while I put green fondant on the cake to make it smooth." Peeta instructed. After a couple of unsuccessful tries I gave up. Peeta looked at me. He could tell that I was frustrated. "Here, let me help" Peeta said. He came up from behind me and put his soft hands over my rough ones. Then he moved my hands with such grace, it amazed me. I could feel my heart speeding up rapidly. The way his breath trickled my neck sent chills down my spine. If I looked in a mirror right now, my face would probably look like a bright red tomato. We finished a row of fake icing grass then he said "Like that." His voice was a little above a whisper. "Just like that?" I asked. My breath was caught in my throat. He nodded softly. I knew that he would pull away soon, but…but, I didn't want that to happen. "Can you show me that again?" I asked in a low voice, almost as low as a whisper. So Peeta showed me again. I loved the way he felt against me. He felt warm, soft. He was intoxicating. After showing me again he told me that we should try to put it on the cake this time. He never pulled away from me though. But I wasn't complaining. I don't know why I was feeling this. I had this strong urge, this strong feeling to…kiss him, on the lips. I ignored the feeling and helped him finish decorating the cake. Finally we finished, icing was everywhere and all over us, but it was fun. We were laughing and smiling throughout the whole time. Even when he broke away I still felt like we still had that connection. The cake was amazing. On the bottom tier was the wild grass behind a rusted looing gate, and a stone path leading up to the second tier. On the second tier was the forest. There was a bunch of trees and bushes and flowers and plant's. It was beautiful. The stone path swirled upwards toward the top tier. The top tier was a clearing. And in that clearing was Katniss' favorite place. The pond that her father showed her when she was a girl, and sitting by the pond is a little girl and her father. The thing that amazed me was that everything on the cake was edible. Either it was chocolate or hard sugar, or pieces of candy. "It's beautiful" Peeta said as he stared at the cake in awe. "It's amazing, you know, you did a pretty good job for your first cake." Peeta stated. "You really think so?" I ask as I started to blush. "Yeah, I mean I had worst" Peeta replied. "There was this girl who actually put a white flower in the cake." Peeta explained. I giggled as he told more stories of horrible mistakes. "Well I guess I was excellent" I said laughing. "Yeah compared to all of them" Peeta agreed. "Umm…thanks for being really patient with me." I replied. Peeta was putting the cake in the fridge. "You're welcome. Oh and the dinner starts at 6 o clock, you can bring a friend or two if you want." Peeta told me. "Okay" I said as I started at his beautiful face. I don't know what is happening to me. I shouldn't be having these feelings for a…guy. That's weird, that's never heard of. And Peeta probably don't even like me. I guess the thought of Peeta never liking me made me sad because Peeta brought me out of my thoughts by asking me what is wrong. "Oh nothing, I was thinking of something that will probably never happen." I answered. "No you wasn't, you look too sad, come on. Please tell me." Peeta said as he came closer to me and put his hand on my shoulder. Our faces were only inches apart. I had that urge to kiss him again. He smelt so good and warm. His touch sent tingles throughout my body. My heart was racing. My mind and heart were arguing. My hearts said tell him how you feel, but my brain said it's probably just a phase. Your crush for him will probably be gone in the morning. But something told me that this isn't just a phase. Then I took a step closer to him. What was I doing? I wasn't controlling myself. My heart was. Then I leaned my head in and kissed him on the lips for like 5 seconds. He was in shock. He didn't do anything but stand there. I broke away "Sorry" I said softly as I started to run toward the door. "Gale!" I heard him call from behind me but I kept running. I ran away from Victory Village as fast as I could. By the time I got home tears were streaming down my face. I don't know why I was crying. But I think it was because I knew that Peeta didn't like the kiss, because he didn't like me. But putting that thought in my mind just made me cry even more. My house was full with my siblings. I could tell by the laughter and talking coming from the open window. I didn't feel like questions. So I went to the woods. And I just sat there and cried. I cried because Peeta didn't like me. I cried because I was weird and strange. And I cried because my heart was broken. There it is folks. My first chapter to my first story. Like I said before, this is my first story so please don't be so hard on me. Anyway please tell me what you think. And if you like it, don't forget to favorite. Thanks. BYE!