is plenty." "What can be done with it, though?" "Well we could find you a hobby." Clove said. "What's that?" "Something you do in your free time." Cady said. "Oh… okay." "It's hard to explain," "Well, what would be some options?" "Drawing, cooking, painting." She then explained what each of those is. "That all seems odd." "They're fun if you get into them!" "Okay, if you say so." He shrugged. "Want to at least give one a shot?" "Yeah, I could try." "Good. Any one in particular?" "Uh, cooking?" "Alright, good choice." "So how do we do it?" "We'll show you. Follow me," Cato said. Kawino shrugged and followed. He led him to their kitchen. "So now what?" "I guess we should start with eggs." "Okay?" "Here, I'll show you," he said, getting some out. The kitchen was surprisingly nice for any district outside of the Victor's Village even a better off one like 2. "You can cook these?" Kawino asked. "Yeah, they just need to be cracked first." Cato took an egg and demonstrated how to crack it, but when Kawino tried, he hit it too hard and got egg all over the place. "I think I did it wrong." "It's okay, just don't hit as hard." "Right, got it." He took another one and tried again. It still shattered. Though his conscious mind did somewhat handle the corrections better, his subconscious feared getting chastised for his failure as he stared at the raw egg leaking out his hand, sending his mind to war with itself. "I uh... need to breathe." He said backing away from the stove. "Go ahead," Cato encouraged, getting really worried on what exactly they had done to the boy. "Thanks." Kawino said, slipping through the door to outside. He leaned against the side of the house and closed his eyes, trying to gather his own thoughts. 'It's okay now isn't it?' He thought. 'You trust Cato. He's not going hurt you,' he reminded. Yet he still felt on edge. It was just too hard to break through all he's ever really known. "I am a failure," he muttered. 'No, no, failures don't win the Hunger Games; failures don't win the Hunger Games. Monsters do. I did what I had to do!' His thoughts yelled when a vision of the girl from 10 made a reappearance. "Go away!" He shouted. Once he did he clasped his hand over his mouth, realizing he said that out loud. What was worse was that there was no way those inside had not heard it. Clove was out pretty much instantly. "Kawino, what's wrong?" "It was just some memory from the arena. I'm sorry to worry you. I didn't actually mean to say it out loud." "Kawino, you need rest." "Why?" "You clearly have Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. It's common among victors in all Districts." "Um… okay… I guess you're right." "Rest will help." "If you say so, then I will." "I do." She said gently. "Okay, you know I trust you." "I know, and you know I want you to be okay." "Yes I do. Okay, I'll go home and rest. Tell Cato and Cady they are more than welcome in my home." "I will," she promised, "and I'll let them know where you went." "Okay, thank you." He gave her a quick hug before heading off. She sighed, watching him leave. "There must be some way to help him," she said out loud. "We be there for him, and maybe get him a girlfriend." Cady said from behind her. "You think that will be enough?" "It'll be a great start." "Alright, I will of course. How much did you catch?" "All of it." "Then I don't need to explain everything. How did you find out about that stuff anyways?" "I saw them one day..." she said trailing off. "That must have been terrifying." "It was," she said. Clove had to admit that a lot of the times it's hard to remember that Cady's only five years old. She was always so strong and confident. On most days she could easily bet her brother at a sword fight but at that moment, as Cady took a seat down on the step staring at her feet, Clove saw a new side of her future sister-in-law. "They scared you, too, didn't they?" She asked sitting down beside Cady. Cady just nodded, her lower lip trembling slightly. "It's okay, they can't hurt you now." Clove said, hugging her. "Or Kawino," Cady said, and let herself melt into the hug, returning it tightly. "Thank you, Clove." "It's my pleasure, Cady. It'll be okay now." "They're still out there, though." "I know, but we'll think of something." "All three of us are still in their class." "They can't hurt us, though." "Well, I guess that's true." "Yeah. So calm down." "I'll try." "I'm right here and Cato is here, too." She said. "It's embarrassing, though." "What do you mean?" "To be so scared over this." "No, it's not." "To me it is." "Why?" "It's weak." "No, it's human, Cady." "Well… I guess." "It is. I am scared at times too." "Really?" "Yeah, of course I am. Everyone is at some point." "Alright." "You'll be okay though that is what you need to remember." "I will." "Good." She said. Please review though in my tradition I hand the ending of their first chapter to blisterkissed: Hey guys, thanks for reading Better a Freak Than A Fake and Batmarcus' work! It means a lot to both them and me. (She put a lot of time into writing it, and of course I want her to get positive feedback from her readers.) Tell us what your favorite part about this was, and what you want to get out of this story in the future! c: Okay, now time to promo. If you like AU Everlark fics, you should check out my fic Taste the Rainbow and drop a review in the review box! Thanks guys &hearts