could still have things like fruit cakes and zucchini breads and things like that. Many couldn't bake them themselves, so in exchange for giving their some of their produce to Mellark's bakery, Peeta's dad and brother –sometimes Peeta himself –would create pastry and breaded treats for them. Suffice to say, no one at the seam starved as they had done before the revolution. It had surprised me to discover just how frail the Capitol's old system had been in the first place. As the result of a unanimous vote across Panem it was decided that a small hospital with capitol-engineered equipment and medicines would be positioned in each district, mostly for work related injuries. For major injuries like trauma or severed limbs they were taken straight to the capitol for treatment, something that never would have happened beforehand. My mother even worked in the District Twelve Hospital. She mainly tries to combine her healing remedies with the new-age capitol medicines. So far her attempts have worked well. She even gets orders from other Districts. She lives quite comfortably now. I have her modified sleeping solution that's tinted with lavender to help me sleep at night. It didn't have the same bitter taste I remembered from the Capitol's medicine, thankfully. I only used it when I had the tingling at the back of my neck that often indicated a night wrought with nightmares that drowned me in my own sweat and self-loathing. Peeta liked to use the one tinted with either honey or cinnamon. Johanna was often sent mint tinted ones in our weekly letters to one another. I say letters; I usually sent her little food parcels with a few of Peeta's chocolate chip breakfast buns along with a few phials. I often got worried that she never used them, and merely stored them up for when she got the urge to never wake up again. I knew she had those thoughts. I'd had them myself sometimes, and I don't doubt that Peeta has had them too, though he'd never admit it to me for fear of scaring me. There was a pattern. Whenever we did get that specific urge we would try to go a prolonged amount of time before getting a refill of our dosage from my mother. However, whenever I would go and visit her with Peeta, she always seemed as well rested and content as anyone with Johanna's background could be. For fifteen years I watched as Panem had grown stronger and moved forward away from the heavy shadow of the revolution and all that had been before it. It was interesting to watch as we gradually began to thrive once again. For every one of those fifteen years Peeta and I had been careful and adapted to this new, threat-free way of life. A shiver ran through me at that thought. I glanced up at the white porcelain sink where, not ten minutes ago, I had placed the white stick I kept just in case of emergencies, although really they were for my own peace of mind and self-assurance that we would be alright, that it would be just the two of us. I'd been so careful. I knew I was being paranoid as I raked a hand through my hair and blew out a sigh. It was the middle of winter, after all. I had all the symptoms of the flu, a runny nose included. I just wanted to be sure. Drawing in a deep breath I forced myself back to the present and the matter at hand. I stood up and braced myself over the sink, my eyes clenched shut. Why couldn't I look? The answer was simple. I was afraid. Every time I afraid even though I knew it would be negative. Even though I wanted it to be negative. I often questioned my fear of seeing the result. Was it because, deep down, I may have wanted to be a mother on some level? I shook my head in disgust at myself. Not a chance. How could I risk what happened to me, happen to someone smaller and twice as innocent? How was I meant to hush away their nightmares when I couldn't even control mine, or even help Peeta with his own? But then … Didn't Peeta deserve a chance to be happy as a father? Gasping, I looked up into my reflections' eyes, alone tear dripping from my eyelashes and running down the curve of my clammy cheek. How many more years would Peeta secretly resent me for not giving him children before the love between us died and he left me forever? He would go off to Delly or someone else who could give him children without a second thought for her own well-being or what it might do to her … down there. Or the general risks of being a parent. I breathed in and then looked down. The result stared up at me. I felt a blow to my heart and my stomach clenched tightly inside me. I felt both relief and disgust flood through me in equal measures. I raked my hair fiercely from my face and forced myself to smile, a tight-lipped ugly expression marring my features into a mask I had once perfected for thousands of cameras, the black hole in my soul expanding. I would need to get more protection. I was running very low. ' It's okay ,' I told myself, ' Peeta will be home soon and you can go to the hospital together .' I accidentally allowed my gaze to shift back to the test sitting on the edge of the sink. Rookie mistake. My knees buckled beneath me and I threw myself over the bowl of the toilet as I emptied the bile bubbling up at the back of my throat. Negative. It was always negative. A/N: Please read and and review! Updates are on Tuesdays so keep at eye out and add the story to your alerts.