vulnerable. I am seeing sides of her that I haven't seen since her father was alive. We are so glad to welcome Peeta into our family. He's already such an important part of our lives." Some Avoxes roll out a large cake decorated with strands of candy pearls and candy feathers. I could tell Cinna had a hand in the design. On top are plastic carvings that look just like Peeta and me. We have to hold a knife together and cut the first slices of the cake and feed them to each other. I'm thinking that this is a ridiculous tradition, but Peeta puts some icing on my nose and makes everyone laugh. The celebration continues for hours, longer than any wedding I've ever attended. I have to dance with politicians, Game Makers, Victors, designers, and lot of flamboyant people I don't know. The only dances I enjoy are with Peeta and Cinna. My aching smile collapses briefly as a stranger I don't care about congratulates us and gushes how pleased she is to meet us. Peeta thanks her then pulls me to him for a kiss. "It looks like your cheeks are about to fall off," he whispers. I sigh. "It is so obvious?" He takes my hand. "Come on." He leads me to the floor and leaves me for a moment to speak to the band. They end their upbeat tune early and begin playing a slow, romantic tune. "Relax for a little while, okay Kat? The band is going to play slow songs for us for a little while. Just close your eyes. No one is here. It's just you and me. You can even pretend I'm not here if it helps." He was saying this sincerely, always so generously considerate of my feelings even at the expense of his own. I hide my face in his shoulder and allow the familiar warmth and security of Peeta's embrace to comfort me. All our nights together have me immediately at ease in his arms. It is not long before I have forgotten the crowd and this party and relax into his body. Suddenly, I'm all too aware of his athletic physique and his sexual allure that I'm always trying to ignore. I can't describe how I feel for this boy but I let myself melt into him. I inhale his masculine scent and smile thinking that somehow he always smells slightly of fresh bread. As my breath caresses his neck, he swallows palpably and I see the muscles in his neck ripple. I have an impetuous desire to kiss his neck, but then I remember I'm on camera and turn away, feeling sick in the pit of my stomach. I see most of the crowd smiling at us adoringly so I close my eyes. I don't want to exit our intimate bubble however, so I rest my head on his shoulder and pull him as close to me as I can, desperately seeking that sanctuary again, but it is gone so I excuse myself to go to the restroom. Even the restroom is one of the fanciest places I have ever been. I sink into a soft silk armchair and am thankful for once to my wedding planner for providing a private bathroom for the bridal party. Even so, I cannot truly relax because I know that my absence will not go unnoticed. I grimace thinking about the partiers and reporters speculating about my lengthy bathroom activities. When I exit the bathroom, Peeta is dancing with a very beautiful Capitol woman. I press my lips together, trying not to appear as jealous as I feel. I see a few people chuckling at me. I realize that I should use this opportunity to demonstrate my love for Peeta, but they have no right to entertain themselves with my feelings, so I decide to distract myself with the buffet table instead, even though I'm still quite full. The song changes and I can't help but check if he's still dancing with her. I'm relieved to see that Prim has stolen him away and I'm sure that she did so intentionally. She and Peeta seem to be genuinely enjoying themselves, and I smile thinking how fond they have become of one another. I'm suddenly so thankful to have them both alive and with me that I know I can't have any regrets. I would not change volunteering for Prim, and I would not change saving Peeta's life. Gale's face flashes in my mind, and I'm mournful for the loss of the potential life with him and possibly even his friendship, but the alternative is simply unthinkable. I watch my sister, whom I love so much, and my husband, whom I care about more than I can describe and possibly love as well. I shake Gale from my mind. I have to let him go. I'm suddenly unbearably lonely, so I cross the dance floor and wrap my arms around Peeta. Prim kisses Peeta and me on our cheeks and flits away. Peeta at first thinks I want to dance, but I just hold him, my feet planted on the ground. He wraps me in a tight hug and whispers, "You okay?" "I don't know," I say into his shirt. We don't dance; we just hold each other and ignore the upbeat music and the chattering, laughing, swooning crowd. To the musician's credit, they begin playing slow songs for us, but we remain motionless in each other's arms. Thankfully, Effie takes this as a sign that we are simply too exhausted to continue this party, which has been true for hours. It is long after midnight anyway and we yet have another "big, big, big" day ahead. My new husband is now allowed to sleep in the same bed as me. I snuggle up to him wondering what exactly that means for us. It's been such an emotional and exhausting day that I can't stay awake long to mull it over.