these." He said. Kawino took the clothes without question. He found himself in black jeans and a former fitting black shirt. "This isn't too much of a bother?" Kawino asked. "Not a bother at all. You'll need more outfits later on." "I guess so...? Okay…?" he trailed, not sure what else to say or do at the moment. "Follow me well find your sister and my daughter and then we can all talk.' "Okay, Sir." "Follow me," he said, leading him away. Kawino just followed, still in shock of all of this. "Do you feel better?" Snow asked. "Much better." "Excellent, now will you be able to do what I am asking?" "I think so." "You have no regrets?" "I guess I need more information." "You will take out people I feel need to be taken down." "Like what kind of people?" "Enemies of mine people who will try to undermine or remove me." "Well, I suppose that's not too bad." "In exchange, you get basically anything you want." "Okay, I'll do it." "Excellent, you'll find life here in the Capital to be better than you imagined." "Imagined?" "Thought of or considered," he said. "Oh, I didn't think about the Capitol all that much." "Really?" Snow said interested. "Well, I had other things to worry about," "Of course, but not even in your free time?" "What's that?" "Time when you weren't reaping or training." "Oh… I didn't have that… besides sometimes to sleep." "That's not right, if you're ever going to be your best you need time to be away from training as well." "Well, I didn't have any." Kawino shrugged. "Our trainers need to be better examined." "Examined?" "Looked at." "Oh, yes you really do." "I'll make sure it gets done, this never should have happened." "I don't blame you for it." "I would hope not, but it is something we try to discourage. "You use a lot of big words." "You'll get used to it." "I guess so." "And you'll learn some more yourself." "I will?" "Yes well make sure your taught the things I don't think they let you learn." "Which is pretty much anything that doesn't have to do with the Games," Kawino supplied. "I see, well then it's easy to know what to teach you." "I guess it is." "It shouldn't take too long." "It shouldn't?" "Not with the right people and methods." "I'll just trust you on that…" "Good, and it'll be safe." "Really? Safe?" "Yes, really safe." "That sounds good but how?" "Teachers and machines." "Okay…" "We'll essentially plug some of the knowledge into you." "How?" "A type of implant of sorts." "That doesn't sound safe..." "It's safer than you think." "You're sure?" "Yes, it won't me a surgery or anything like that." "A what?" "A surgery." "What's that?" "Where they open you up to work on the inside." "Sounds scary." "Not really." "But you said it won't include that?" "No, it won't. It's far too risky." "That's good. But didn't you just say surgery isn't as bad as it sounds?" "I did. " "And then you said it's too risky..." "It still has risks though "Oh… okay, I guess," "It's hard to explain. " "I'll just take your word then," Kawino said, unsure what else to do. "That comes later, I think they are in my library. " "Clove and your daughter?" "Yes, she was being shown the home." "Will I get shown, too?" "Absolutely." "So, let's go to the… library you said?" "Yes, the library. " "What's that?" He asked "It's a room with a lot of books," Snow explained. "What are those?" They are like instruction manuals of sorts except filled with stories." "I've never seen those either. What are they?" "They teach you how to do things." "Then back to my original question: what are books?" "They are like that except they tell you stories." "That's not really helping." Kawino scrunched back. "It'll be easier to show you." "So, you'll show me when we get there?" "Yes, I will." "Okay then..." He led him down several halls and then he stopped at a door. "So, this is it?" "Yes, right through here." Snow pulled open the door. It was a giant room filled with shelves that held several shelves covered in colorful squares. "It's huge." "Yes, several stories." He went over and took one of the squares and opening it only finding a lot of weird and unfamiliar symbols. "What are these?" "You don't know how to read?" Snow asked. "How to what?" "The things on that page don't mean anything to you?" "Not really." "Then I know where to start with your teaching. Those are supposed to form words like we're speaking now." "Oh okay!" "So that's where we'll start with your teachings." "Seems simple enough." "It will unfortunately be harder than that, actually." "It will?" "Yes, we may be able to plug it in but I don't think so." "Okay, well then I'll have to learn faster." "It's alright, I just need to figure out the right teacher," Snow admitted, having not at all expected that to be an issue. He could figure this out though. "So, where are Clover and your daughter?" Kawino suddenly asked. "Over there I believe," he said. He led him over to a little sitting area in the middle of the library with comfy looking seats and, as guessed, Clove and Destiny. "Clover!" Kawino said coming over. "Kawino!" She exclaimed, getting up and hugging him. "You look great." She said looking him up and down. "Thanks, those doctors really did do great work." "Yeah they did, and this is Destiny Snow." He turned his attention to the other girl, "Nice to meet you, Destiny." Destiny's cheeks went just slightly pink, but she spoke in a normal voice; "Nice to meet you too." "So, it seems we'll be together for a while," Kawino said, not noticing her slight blush. Clove did, but now wasn't the time for questions; "Yeah, I guess we will."