it and does the only thing he can think of to prevent its descent. He pulls her to him and tries to hold back the passion and longing he has carefully kept at bay for months. She surprises him when she does not let him hold back at all and meets him with equal fervor. 012. The twelfth time Madge surprises Gale, she kisses the scars on his back. He knows she has felt the scars running criss-cross over his back, the ugly ridges a former Capitol doctor once offered to erase. Then, he had refused to accept help from anyone associated with the oppressors, he had angrily lashed out at the mere suggestion and no one had asked again. The scars were, and are, a constant reminder of the war, what he has suffered, what he has lost. What he has done. He thinks it is only fitting his body is not whole, that it is scarred, thus being a pale reflection of the broken man he truly is. But now, as Madge lies sleeping on his chest, he cannot help but wonder if she would rather have someone whole, someone unscarred, someone untormented by war. He falls asleep, unsuccessful in pushing away the troubled thoughts, but when he wakes again, be it minutes or hours later, he feels soft digits tracing patterns on his back. For a moment he lies perfectly still, unaware he is holding his breath, until her fingers on his back still too. He turns to face her, hiding the scars from view and meets her eyes. Her gaze is tender, loving, accepting, everything he has ever wished for. It gives him courage to deliberately turn on his side, exposing his marred back to the only person he trusts. He does not know why he is surprised when he feels, instead of the press of her fingers, soft lips tracing a particularly viscous scar running across his entire back. It is when she leans up and presses a kiss under his ear, his world finally stops crumbling with three whispered words. 013. The thirteenth time Madge surprises Gale, she says yes. He is a mess. He has known for a while now that Madge is the first one he wants to see in the morning and the last one he wants to see before sleep. He knows she is the only one he trusts completely, the only one who truly makes him happy. He also knows he loves her, and that she loves him. What he doesn't know is if she considers him to be as permanent a fixture in her life as he sees her in his. His mother has welcomed Madge with open arms, as has his siblings, even new, serious grown-up Rory who never laughs anymore. He mentioned to his mother the other day, only casually, like it was no big deal, that he was thinking of asking Madge to marry him. His mother, always poised, calm and collected, had burst into tears and then regaled him with a rather incoherent retelling of his father's proposal to her. It was a romantic tale of wine, roses, strawberries, picnic, poems and midnight that left Gale feeling slightly overwhelmed and, to be honest, totally freaking out. His little sister Posy had not helped with her sighing, squealing and cooing over the story their mother told, either. He had thought he could just ask her, only casually, like it was no big deal, over breakfast, she would say yes or no, and that would be that. After his visit with his family, he had started planning, and decided that today would be the day. He would leave work early, prepare dinner, welcome her home with a glass of that sparkling wine she likes, be a gentleman and get her coat, give her a gift, tell her everything he loves about her, go down on one knee, present her with a ring and just ask. It was a simple plan, really, but what Gale had not accounted for, was how much the universe seemed to hate him. He is unable to leave work early, or even on his usual time, and is running incredibly late. He bursts through the door, hoping he will at least arrive before Madge, hoping he will have time to change his clothes and at least start on the dinner. He does not. Madge greets him with a soft smile from her place at the couch, a book in her lap, reading-glasses balanced on the tip of her nose. She looks adorable, and the only thing he wants to do is lay his head on her lap, and forget about the world for a while. If today had been any other day, if today had not been a day of monumental consequence, he would have done just that, because he is just so damn tired. He does not. He is a mess, and the only thing he can think of is how much he loves her, so he just blurts it out in a rush. Two words, not a question, but a resigned request. Madge looks at him, eyes wide, lips parted, before she puts away her book and moves to stand in front of him. Gale is terrified, he berates himself for acting so stupid, for not sticking to the plan, for being so unsmooth, for being so him... That is when she nods, a hushed yes on her lips, a beautiful smile blossoming across her face, a tear trickling down her chin. That is all the confirmation he needs to scoop her up in his arms, silently thanking a deity he does not believe in for this wonderful, surprising woman he will never in his life let go of. He is surprised, but eternally grateful, she actually, beyond all reason, seems to want him too. Fin. Thank you for reading; tell me what you think, or don't, either way I am very happy you stopped by and came this far.