drying her hair as she watched Gale pack up the knapsack that he'd come here with. She wished that she had the right words, that she could write all of her feelings down in a note and tuck it inside of his bag to read later. But she was at a loss right now. There wasn't enough time, and her thoughts were too clouded. She hoped that maybe one day she'd write it to him in a letter. That one day, maybe in a month, maybe two, he'd open his mailbox and find her heart there, in the form of a card tucked inside of a cream colored envelope. That she'd be able to say all the things that she wanted to say right now but didn't know how. But if she was still anything like the Katniss that had shut Gale out of her life before, she knew that she would probably never write that letter. The road to hell was paved with good intentions. When Gale stood in her doorway, knapsack slung over his shoulder, just as it had been when he'd shown up yesterday, she wasn't sure if she could go through with it. She wasn't sure if she could really let him walk away again. From the look she saw reflected in Gale's eyes, he didn't look too sure that he could do it either. She didn't dare kiss his lips goodbye, because if she felt his lips on hers again, she knew what would happen. One kiss would lead to another, and she'd throw herself into his arms and wrap her legs around his waist and beg him not to go…. To please, please stay, and they could go back to the way they were before, when Gale was hers and she was his and the meadow was theirs- But now their meadow was a graveyard. They couldn't go back again, not ever. She had to let him go. She had to. She hugged him, standing up on her tiptoes to kiss him on his cheek, and she felt his lips leave a soft kiss on hers. "Don't be a stranger, huh?" he joked, then sniffed hard, the way one does when fighting back tears. "Goodbye Gale." Katniss said softly, then watched him turn and walk down her front steps. She stood there in the open doorway and watched him walk away until he was past her house and in front of Haymitch's house now. He turned back for a second, and when he saw that she was still there, he paused, smiled, kissed his fingertips and then held them up, giving her the Mockingjay salute. One final goodbye to the Mockingjay. She returned the salute, then closed the door. Not knowing what else to do with herself now that Gale was gone, Katniss laid herself down on the couch. She didn't remember it being so quiet in her house before he'd shown up. All she could hear was the ticking of the big clock on the wall above the mantle. Tick, tick, tick. An hour ticked by and she still lay there on the couch, absentmindedly tracing her fingers back and forth across the couch cushion, until she was startled by a knock on her door. Her heart lurched in her chest. Could it be Gale? Had he gotten to the train station and then changed his mind about leaving? Katniss leapt off the couch, stumbling her way to the door and pulled it open. Before she could stop it, she felt her facial expression fall. "Not who you were hoping for?" Haymitch asked with a smartass smirk on his face, leaning against her doorframe with one hand. "Sorry to disappoint you." Katniss groaned, but opened the door wider, wordlessly inviting him in. "You want to sit down?" she asked, once she'd snicked the door shut behind him. "No, no. Just came to check in on you for a minute." he said, shifting his weight on his feet, pausing before continuing his thought. "Saw Gale leave a little while ago." he finally said. "You okay, sweetheart?" Katniss nodded yes, but her face said otherwise. "Did you two… get things straightened out?" he asked. "Yeah." she sighed. "He asked for my forgiveness… for everything that happened between us." "Did you give it to him?" She nodded her head again. "Yeah." "And did you ask him?" She looked up at him blankly, like she had no idea what question she was supposed to have asked. "Did you ask Gale to forgive you? " Haymitch pressed her. "I'm no expert in affairs of the heart, but anyone with eyes could see that you had hurt him too, Katniss." She just stood there for a few seconds, then slowly shook her head no. She suddenly felt like she wanted to cry, but she was damned if she was going to break down right now in front of Haymitch. He nodded his head in understanding. "Well, maybe you will next time, hmm?" he suggested, giving her an affectionate squeeze on her shoulder before turning to leave. Just like he so often did, Haymitch walked out her door and tromped down her front steps without saying goodbye. Would there be a next time? Katniss wondered. Somewhere deep in her heart, she suspected there wouldn't be. And she suspected that Haymitch knew that too. A man like Gale had places to go, things to do. Ambition. Drive. He'd outgrown this district, wanting more from life. It was more than what she wanted, and more than she could give him. Maybe this was her penance, to live out the rest of her days never really feeling that she'd been absolved of her own sins. That night, in her fitful sleep, she dreamed of Gale. And when she woke, there were tears on her pillow. She hoped and prayed that wherever Gale was tonight, that he'd somehow know that she was thinking about him. And that maybe, just maybe, he'd forgiven her too.