"How do you wake someone then?" Kawino asked as the doctor treated the wound. "You gently shake them awake," Enobaria said. "Oh," He said bot sure what else to say about that. "Okay that is patched up now what is the story with your wrist?" "Oh… well…" Kawino started awkwardly staring at it debating to tell him and by extension Enobaria the truth on that. "Well?" Enobaria asked. "Well, that I sort of… did that myself." "You did?" She asked. He nodded, "Early this morning in the shower. I took a knife with me and just… did it." "Why?" She asked. "It was too painful, between my parents, Clove's death, and Cato's suicide; I couldn't handle it." "You poor boy," The doctor said gathering several medicines. "She had meant the world to me." Kawino said trying really hard not to start crying. "Well, you need to not give up," Enobaria said. "I know." Kawino nodded with a sigh. "Well good, now these are for the Sleep Deprivation, starvation, dehydration, infections, and blood loss," The doctor said. He handed Kawino a number of different pills of varying shapes and sizes. "So, what do I do with them?" He asked having never seen anything like them before. "You swallow them one at a time," "It's best with food though and the starvation one," He pointed to a circular pale purple pill, "should also help with keeping it down though." "Really?" Kawino asked. The doctor nodded. "What about depression?" Enobaria asked. "Right," He said and got some antidepressants. "What are these?" Kawino asked. "Antidepressants, they help you feel better mentally which sick you cut yourself you could definitely use." "Oh okay," Kawino said, "Anything else?" "After you take all these you will sleep and wake up feeling better than ever," the man said. "Really?" Kawino asked looking at them. "Really," He said. "Well, thank you." Kawino said standing up. "My pleasure good luck," He said. "Thank you," Kawino said as he and Enobaria left the car. "Why did you never tell me?" She asked once they were out. "Well, I couldn't with them right there or it would just get worse and there were obviously never any other opportunities." "I'm so sorry," She said. "This isn't your fault. It's just the way things were. Ria already knows though," Kawino stopped and checked the hearing range. "I told her in the time between the two reapings." "Okay," Enobaria sighed. They headed to the dining car where Ria and Brutus still sat. "Well how is he?" Brutus asked. "He had taken a lot over the years," Enobaria sighed sadly, "the doctor gave him a bunch of Capitol pills to take then sleep but he should be better after that." "That's good he can represent us better," Kawino took a seat staring and the pills in his hand wondering how they could do what he claims. "Just swallow them," Enobaria said. "Use water to get in down though." Remembering that the doctor said one at a time, Kawino took the pale purple pill first. The physical effects weren't noticeable to anyone else yet as you could still count his ribs but Kawino did notice the edge of hunger starting to come off almost instantly. "I'm hungry," He said and looked over the food that was dished out recognizing next to nothing. "Uh, what is all this?" He asked. "It's all food. Each has a different taste for enjoyment." Enobaria said and explained the individual dishes. "Oh! Okay..." Kawino said taking meatloaf. He took a bite with pretty much the same reaction as with the caramel and because of the pill it was able to stay down. "This is great," He said. "Most of the stuff from the Capitol is." Enobaria said. "Mostly because there's never any limit of anything." "That's greedy," Kawino said. "Yes it is but that's the Capitol for you." Enobaria nodded. "Well it's selfish as well," Ria said. "I'm not disagreeing with you here. It's the Capitol. They're literally sending you to fight to the death for their entertainment. Of course they're bad people, if you could even call them that people at all." Enobaria said. "Good point," Ria sighed. "Just eat." Enobaria said clearly not wanting to talk about this anymore. So they did just that and throughout the meal Kawino took the rest of his pills starting to feel sleepy. "I'll show you to your room." Enobaria said noticing this. He just nodded sleepily. She got up helping him up and leading him there. "Enobaria?" Kawino asked. "Yes?" She asked. "Am I a bad person?" He asked. "Of course not, Kawino, not at all." "Are you sure?" He asked. "Certain," Enobaria nodded. "I have never heard that from anyone other than Clove, Cato, and Cady" "Well, it's true." Enobaria said. "Why do I not think so?" He asked. "Because of your parents most likely," Enobaria said in a sort of growl obviously directed at them not him. He was about speak when they entered a large room with a soft looking round bed. He eyed the bed with a raised eyebrow and circled it a few times before laying down. "Something wrong?" Enobaria asked. "It's just a little odd, but in a good way." Kawino said getting lost in the comfort. "Good," she said smiling. "I love you, Enobaria." Kawino said obviously not meaning romantic as he slowly drifted off. "You're the closest thing I've had to a good mother." She just smiled as she stared down at him sleeping. I really hope you guys are liking this story so far we worked hard on it. So many questions: What are Kawino and Enobaria planning? Why are they doing this to the Careers? Is Kawino going to be okay? Will all the other tributes be different from the book? The answer to the last question I will tell you now is no. Katniss, Peeta, Glimmer, Marvel, Rue, and Thresh and everyone but obviously Clove and Cato will still be here. Review!