I can feel my pulse in my temples, and I suddenly don't care if District 9's entire population can hear me screaming. "Take care of yourself! How? By having every Peacekeeper prick of Panem fuck you?" I pretend to consider it. "Actually, a whore can make a pretty solid income, if you work the day shift as well. But it looks like you've got that covered, Cyanna." "Fuck you, Danny!" She screeches, taking my dad's picture from its mount and throwing it at my head. Cyanna has good aim, but my instinctive duck saves my skull from the shattered glass frame. The entire world could burn down and the flames could still never melt the betrayed anger out of my best friend's eyes. She's on the verge of tears as she whispers, "I do what I have to. And I know it's not the best decision I've ever made, but it's a sacrifice I'm willing to make for the best of my family. I thought you understood that, Danny. Or did you forget when your parents were executed in the Town Square for stealing a pocketful of grain so you could eat that night? I know I didn't forget, because that's when you became a part of me. Remember? Later that evening after your parents' bodies were cremated you came to my house and we sat out on the porch. You laid your head in my lap and cried yourself to sleep. That's when my mother was still alive, and she found two smooth stones down by the river so you could make markers for your parents. I helped you set them under the window box that held the red geraniums your mother had planted earlier that spring. And we sang silly sangs from our childhood because you couldn't bear holding a memorial. It would feel too much like saying goodbye. And I know how you hate goodbyes." Is numb an emotion? Because it seems to be one of the few things I've been feeling lately. Cyanna sees my slack jaw and the dull glaze over my eyes. Some sort of empathy must compute in her thoughts, because she walks back over to the bed, takes a seat on the sagging mattress, and hesitantly scoots closer to me. Her arm encircles my waist, but it isn't a provocative gesture. It's not one of her touches that sends my mind spinning far and wide; it doesn't make my body feel so light that it feels like I'll float up and up and up until my head hits the ceiling. Instead, it functions as the anchor that grounds me to reality, and I'm grateful for it. She pushes strands of my long, shaggy hair behind my ears. "I'm sorry for getting angry at you, but it frustrates me that you haven't realized how much you mean to me. We fight, of course. Neither of us is perfect, but I've still come to love you like a brother despite it all. We've been through hell and back, but I can only hope you're here to stay. Because you're my family, Danny, in all the ways that matter. I can't even begin to imagine losing you, especially not in that way, not in the Games. I know you think you're protecting me and my little brother by taking tessera for us, but every slip of paper with your name on it that goes into the Reaping pool slowly shatters my heart to pieces. Please, don't do this anymore, Danny. Claus needs you too much. I need you." All of my tears have been swallowed, but their absence has left my throat dry and scratchy. "I won't apply for extra tessera next year," I promise her, but my words are as hollow as my heart because I don't know when or how I'm going to stop lying to Cyanna. The slight upward curve of her mouth hints at the beginning of a smile, but her eyes are still sad. "Thank you," she sighs, kissing me lightly on the cheek. "How do you feel about breakfast?" "I don't think I can stomach anything," I tell her honestly. A genuine smile illuminates Cyanna's face as she reaches under the bed and comes up with a glass bottle of some amber liquor. "Drink up," she orders slyly, "it'll make you feel better." I decide to play along, because the somber attitude of the room is starting to exhaust me. I eagerly accept it from her, grasping the neck of the bottle as I take a swig. It burns more than the usual homemade cocktails Cyanna manages to smuggle from the market. But I'm definitely not complaining, because my head's pounding and I'm hoping to get buzzed before the Reaping in the Town Square. "Where'd you get this?" I ask, feeling the spirit's fire licking at my heart. It's comforting like the woolen blanket at the foot of my bed that my mother knitted for me as my eighth birthday present. "Some of my clients really appreciate my services," she says carefully, obviously trying to dodge the discomfort that accompanies this topic. I decide to drop it, sipping slowly from the bottle. The drink's smooth and strong, but it has a sweet aftertaste, almost like ambrosia. When a quarter of the bottle is gone, Cyanna snatches it from my hands and greedily allows the liquor to splash on her tongue. We exchange a glance as she passes the bottle back to me. In a ridiculously soprano Capitol accent, Cyanna mocks the most despised mantra in the districts: "May the odds be ever in your favor!" So... please review. Good or bad, I don't mind. Criticism is what keeps me writing! :) Anyway, tell me if I should continue. Also, I want to apologize to those of you who read this and hated it (there will probably be quite a few), but I wrote it... so get over it. It can't be unwritten. Cheers to y'all and happy April Fool's!