were right. What else is there?" "A lot," Kawino said. "Well, we have other things to do," Destiny reminded. "Oh right," Kawino remembered. "So, Yizziki?" She asked. "Now?" He asked more to Clove. "Yeah, I'm really tired," She admitted. "Alright," he said and they headed out. Destiny led the way there. They came across a two story house and Destiny went up to the door and hesitated but knocked hoping Yizziki's father didn't answer. However a girl with very short auburn hair answered smiling slightly. At first glance, Clove could start to tell Destiny's point; she didn't have the Capitol look about her even in the slightest. She looked like a girl from District 9 actually. "Yizziki!" Destiny said smiling. "Destiny! Kawino!" Yizziki said smiling back then noticed Clove. "Who's this?" "This is my twin sister Clove" Kawino said. "Oh, well, it's nice to meet you, Clove." Yizziki said offering a hand. "You too," Clove said smiling. "So, I take it you lost that bloodbath?" Yizziki asked refusing to call them 'games'. "Well, I did not lose that early," Clove said. "She means the whole games." Destiny corrected, "That's just what she calls them." "Oh, okay yeah I lost," Clove said. "That is unfortunate," "Well, not now" Clove said. "You'll be forced to fight for the Capitol if another rebellion breaks out in exchange for your own life which they took in the first place. How's that not unfortunate." Yizziki pointed out. "I got my brother back," Clove said defensively. "Who they took away in the first place." Yizziki added. "How could you possibly think any of this is okay?" "Because we are both alive and together. You know you're really ruining my good mood," Clove sighed. "Sorry," Yizziki sighed. "It's no problem, just it seemed like you were trying to make me mad," "It's not that it's just..." "What?" She asked. "I'm just trying to get you to see the problem with all of this." "It's better than my life before this," Clove said. "Definitely," Kawino nodded in agreement. "Okay..." Yizziki said. "What are you going to do if a rebellion does break out then?" "I'm not sure," Clove said. "Why not try to fight for the Districts?" Yizziki offered. "Could we?" Kawino asked. "If you're sneaky enough." Destiny answered. "You want us to?" Kawino asked her. "Yes we do," Yizziki and Destiny both said. "Well can we come in and talk about this?" Clove asked. "Sure," she said and let them in since her father's at work. They walked into a dark looking room that smelled of liquor. Clove turned up her nose at this not liking that smell at all. "Sorry, I have not cleaned in a while," Yizziki said. "Isn't there a light?" Clove asked looking around. "No, we need to buy some new light bulbs and candles," Yizziki said. "Oh," Clove said surprised by this. It was the Capitol after all, they're shouldn't be any problem fixing that. "Yeah, jussssssst ssssssit anywhere," Yizziki said. Clove sat down on the first thing she found but found it wet, on closer inspection she realized, "Is this blood?" "Well, yes..." Yizziki said. Clove was instantly to her feet and looked at Yizziki worriedly, "What happened?" "Nothing," She said evasively. "Yizziki, there wouldn't be blood," she looked around noticing a lot of dark shadows the same as where she was just sitting, "All over your house for no reason." "Well, my dad just...is...is..." Yizziki stammered. She didn't have to finish that, "We need to get you out of here." Clove said seriously. "I can't go what about mom?" She asked. "Her too." Clove added. "But dad's dangerous," She said. "He can't possibly be as dangerous as Kawino and I." Clove said seriously. "You think so?" She asked. "I know so, you have no idea how long and hard Kawino I have been trained." "Okay, what do I do?" Yizziki asked. "Is your mom home?" Kawino asked. Yizziki nodded, "Sssshe'sssss upssstairsss," Yizziki said. "Then go get her and run. Destiny, go with them to make sure they're okay, head to my house. We'll handle him." Kawino directed. "Are you sure?" She asked. "Positive," Both siblings said. "Okay," Yizziki said running up the stairs. She found her in her own room, "Mom, we need to go." "Why?" She asked. Yizziki explained what Clove and Kawino told her. "Really?" She asked. "That's what they said," Yizziki said. "Okay, if they are sure," She said. "They seemed really sure." Yizziki said helping her mother up. "Who are they again?" She asked. "Clove and Kawino Yetter, they're from District 2 and the 74th and 73rd bloodbaths respectively." "Oh! Kawino?" She asked seeming confused, but pleased. Then something seemed to click, "Wait a minute, I styled him." "You what?" Yizziki asked. "For his games, I was his stylist." "That's surprising I thought you did 3?" Yizziki asked. "No, I started doing three this year, after how he died I refused to style for 2 anymore knowing what they do to their kids," She said. This confused Yizziki greatly knowing absolutely nothing about Careers, "What do they do to they're children?" "I'll tell you when we are safe," She said. "Alright," She agreed and they headed down. "Annia?" Kawino asked. "Hey Kawino," Annia said awkwardly. "You're her mother?" He asked. Annia sighed and nodded. "How come you never told me what was happening to you?" He asked hugging the women. "I never told anyone, I was afraid of what would happen if I did." "I'm so sorry," Kawino said. "Thank you, are you really going to get rid of him?" Annia asked. "Yes, I promise," Kawino said. "Thank you so much," she said hugging him tightly. "It'll be our pleasure," Kawino said. "Well, I can trust you two on that so we'll just head out." Annia said letting go, "Be careful though." "We will," Clove said as Destiny kissed Kawino before leaving. I hope you like it, review and... please don't flame. For now, just don't.