She hugged him back, forgetting that she was only in her underwear. "I'm so sorry, Katniss. I just… I don't know how to deal with this" he took his arms off Katniss and held her face gently with his hands. His sight was getting used to the darkness, and Katniss's expressions were getting clearer. "It's okay. I don't know how to deal with this too" "No. I was a jerk" "Gale, it's fine. Soon or later we would end up talking about this, right?" she grinned, not sure if he would see it. But he did. Not only her smile but also the fact that she was wearing nothing but her underwear. She was wearing a very thin top that underlined her breasts. He looked further down and saw that Katniss was wearing a dark pantie, maybe gray or black. It was interesting because once or twice he had pictured her wearing only her underwear… Or nothing. "Gale?" she called him. If this were any other situation, maybe Gale would be a little ashamed for being caught in the act by looking Katniss body. Maybe he would have figured out some excuse and changed the subject. But here they were, facing an imminent death. No, Gale wouldn't apologize for that. He trended himself to Katniss, kissing her. At first she was surprised with that and held her air in, but when she felt his tongue licking her lower lip she let him give her a long, slow, open-mouthed kiss. He had never kissed her before, but it was so good that Katniss went dizzy for a while. Gale leaned his body even more towards Katniss. He started kissing her neck while one of his hands was on her waist and the other were tangled in her bad-done braid hair. He pressed his body over hers, forcing Katniss to lie down beneath him. He put his leg between hers and started to kiss her mouth all over again. Katniss was breathless and sometime she needed to stop the kiss for catching some air and then kissing Gale again. One of her hands was against his chest while the other was playing with his hair. "Oh, Katniss", he moaned, kissing her neck again. "I can't let you go". Katniss stopped the kiss and stared his eyes. Both of them were breathless and warm. "I can't lose you, too" she said. He brought his face near Katniss, with his frown against hers. "I got a plan" "Which plan?" "Let's run away" Katniss looked at him astonished, getting up and forcing him to do the same. He couldn't be serious. "Gale, this is pathetic. There are plenty of Peacekeepers outside just waiting for us to do that" "Do you want to join the Games?" he asked serious. Katniss was offended. "Of curse not!" "So this is the only ways," he said. Katniss took a deep breath, not convinced. "We can do this tomorrow at dawn. We get out of here and run away to the woods, like we always said. Nobody will find us there" "Gale, are you listening to yourself?" she asked angrily "This whole plan is a fiasco. The woods are the first place where they will look up for us. Doesn't matter how much we run, they will always be on our back" "They will give up a hour. The Peacekeepers don't know the forest well, they would already have found us there if they did" he said. "Besides, they would be afraid of facing some cougars or bears. They would not too risk much" "Okay. Let's imagine that it would work. How about our families?" she asked roughly, although she was afraid of the answer. "Are we gonna leave them here?" Katniss asked. The truth was that Katniss was excited with the idea. It would probably go wrong, but just the thought of running away from there were delightful. However she couldn't just abandon Prim and run to the woods with Gale. As she knew he couldn't do the same with his own family. Gale considered her question for a second. "We will take them" "What?" "We will take them", Gale shrugged. Katniss stood up and started walking through the room one side to another. "This is madness. How are we going to do this? And what if they catch us?" she was breathless again. "Katniss", Gale held her shoulders forcing her to stop and face him. "I'd rather die trying to get out of here than going to the arena and be forced to watch you die there". Katniss was still quiet, facing him back. "We can run away and try to live" he paused. "But if we stay here, I'm not going to watch you die" "What you mean?" "You'll win the Game" "Gale, this is pathetic. I don't have any chance of winning. You should win…" "I'm not going to see you die, Katniss!" he barked, forcing Katniss to shut up. "I can't lose you" And Katniss couldn't lose him as well. It was obvious. She just didn't wanted to be part of that. She just wanted her life back. What life? Having fear every year couldn't be called life. Maybe Gale was right. Perhaps they should run away and hide. Maybe Gale's plan could work out. Perhaps it was better to die trying to escape than dying in the arena. "So, are we gonna escape?" she asked staring Gale's eyes, but her voice were much more sweet now. Gale smirked and grabbed her hands. "This is exactly what we are about to do". N/A: * The lovely Mrs. Everdeen doesn't have a forename on the books, which is an absurd in my opinion. So, I had the honor to name her Carolyn. This is the end of the very first chapter! My dears, I hope you all know that reviews are so much important for us authors. So don't forget to submit me your review to let me know if I should go on with this.