for her. Mrs. Everdeen, Clove supposes, died in the bombing. Life carries on, but whenever she sees that blonde head in the crowd, her heart drops and she feels more than a little sick. ... Eleven revolts next. Homes are set aflame with its inhabitants locked inside, screaming to get out. She only knows because Snow keeps her updated, because he thinks she should know. Bay turns seven. Primrose Everdeen falls in love with the bakery boy, a chilling recall to days past. Clove finds ways to go on. ... It's quiet for years. Twelve no longer exists, and those that survived the rebellions don't speak of the way their lives were before. She doesn't tell Bay anything about this, about her Games, about what very well may turn into a fledgling war, but she thinks she hears of it through friends and gossip around the town. Bay turns twelve. She doesn't get Reaped. It's one of the happiest days of Clove's life. ... On Bay's third Reaping, when she's fifteen, Clove dresses her in blue silk, with a neckline that isn't prudish but is a hell of a lot more modest than what she wore on her Reaping day. She does her hair like she always does, plaiting it and wrapping it down over her left shoulder, and she lets her wear a little bit of makeup, a luxury that most women in District Two don't indulge in, but she always has liked spoiling Bay, just a little bit, to compensate. At fifteen, her daughter is beautiful and graceful and sweet and everything she could never have been at that age, and she'll make damn sure she stays that way, and she grips her hand as they walk to the town center, and Bay's grip is equally as strong, and sometimes it's nice to be reminded that her daughter still needs her. And oh, how she wishes she could hold her when the name is called. "Bay Asphodel," the escort trills, her voice dripping in a practiced Capitol accent. A hush settles on the crowd, and no one steps forward to volunteer; not one Career to take her place. She catches Bay's eyes, and sees such pure and unadulterated fear in those familiar brown orbs that her heart cracks and shatters and no amount of white liquor can fix her now, now that the only thing that's kept her alive is sentenced to death. Bay walks slowly, lifting her feet primly and refusing to drag them, to hang her head, to make it seem that she's accepted her sentence. To all of Panem, she is a girl with a ferocious will to live. To her mother, she is a walking corpse. ... Because little girls like her, with their salvation laughs and dreams of love, do not fare well in the land of the damned. ... Clove is, thankfully, not a mentor. The Capitol has the compassion to not present her a futile attempt to save her child. Enobaria is one, though, as is Lyme, and she threatens Enobaria with bodily harm to keep her child alive, and she must see something more than a little deranged in her eyes because she nods and offers her a shaky smile, her teeth shining in the dim light of the alleyway. She goes to the Justice Building, and is directed to a room where she waits. When Bay walks in, she's shaking and her eyes are swollen and it's obvious she's been crying, and she's trying so hard to be strong, and Clove knows that it's on her behalf, and she just sort of gathers her daughter into her arms and holds her close and lets her break. She keeps getting these flashes from her Games, of holding Bay and of her tears and of trying to keep it together to not scare her daughter anymore and is this what death feels like? ... Bay's throat is slit in the dark of the first night by a boy from Eight, whose name she memorizes because irony is a bitch. Forte Aster Forte Aster Forte Aster . ... She jumps off the roof of the Justice Building. Just to rub it in Snow's face. ... The Capitol falls, because the little girl the people wanted to live died, and Snow's blood is painted on the streets of his city. ... Primrose Everdeen marries the bakery boy she fell in love with all those years ago and all of Two shows up for the ceremony. ... And somewhere, far away, Clove Asphodel wakes up to sunshine and chirping birds and walks to a house. Two figures are there, seemingly waiting for someone and as she draws closer, the sun warm on her face and wind curling through her hair, she sees something beautiful. Cato sits next to his daughter, who looks remarkably untainted by blood, holding her hand and talking to her, his face happy and his body whole and they both look up at the same time and Clove's heart stutters to a stop because she's never quite realized it before, but Bay smiles just like her father. fin so, nobody kill me, okay? i know it's been way too long since i've done this. sorry! i don't really have an excuse, outside of being so depressed that i literally could not bring myself to write, and what little i did manage was all crap anyway. butbutbutBUT i'm back with a vengence, and i plan on wrapping this up at twenty installments, so it's not long now! i think you'll like what i have up my sleeve for the grand finale... also, i've made a tumblr, where i blog about feels and crey a lot. i like making friends, so message me! my tumblr is fat beotch in a skinny world (with no spaces). um, so i believe that's all! oh, and if you happen to be following any of my other stories, never fear! i'll be updating within the week! review?