behind us. I guess the love story really was one-sided. She's as heartless as the rest of us. I reach the Cornucopia and climb it with all the strength I have left, collapsing when I reach the top. Katniss climbs up after me, and she is trying to help Peeta up, yelling at him to climb. "Can they climb it?" I manage to get out in a fit of coughs. I vaguely hear Peeta repeat my question to Katniss, and I receive no answer except for a shriek form the Girl on Fire. "Katniss?" Peeta asks. "It's her!" Katniss screams, and even I'm curious as to what she's going on about. "Who?", asks Peeta. "What is it, Katniss?" I've managed to stop the coughing, though I'm still struggling to get to my feet. But now I see it too. The wolf below me is staring into my eyes. It's fur is jet black, and it's eyes... "Clove!" I scream. I would know her anywhere. "It's them. It's all of them. Rue and Foxface and all of the other tributes," Katniss chokes out between sobs. She's right. Sure enough hanging from the black wolf's neck, is a silver chain collar with a tag reading District Two. I close my eyes tightly, desperately trying to shake the image from my head, but it won't leave. "Kill it, Peeta! Kill it!" Katniss shouts, bringing me back to myself. I manage to get to my feet and compose myself. The wolves are surrounding the Cornucopia now, jumping up on their hind legs to reach us. They're programmed to kill. Just like me. Remembering who I am, I grab Lover Boy and pull him into a chokehold. Katniss whips around and aims her arrow at my head. I laugh bitterly, "Shoot me and he goes down with me. It'll all be over, Girl on Fire. Take us both out now and you can go home." For a moment, I half expect her to do it. I see the conflict in her eyes as she tries to decide. I tighten my arm around Peeta's neck. It won't be long now. Katniss stares between me and Peeta. Suddenly, I feel Peeta's hand move toward mine. I can feel him trace an X on the back of my hand, and I understand. I brace myself for the pain of the arrow and will myself not to fall back. Sure enough, Katniss releases her final arrow and it hits the back of my hand with such force that it punctures all the way through. But I do not fall over like they had hoped, instead, I use my good arm to snap Peeta's neck and throw him over the edge. Boom. One down, one to go. "Peeta!" Katniss screams, running to the edge of the Cornucopia in a desperate attempt to save him. "Just you and me, Girl on Fire." I say, running toward Katniss, and flinging her body over the edge as easily as if she weighed little more than a feather. Yes, I should have been more creative. Yes, I should have tortured her and made her pay for what she did. And I'm sure everyone back home is disappointed, but I don't care. Let the mutts have her. They'll do a better job anyway. I sit on top of the Cornucopia and wait for Katniss's cannon. It takes hours, and I have half the mind to jump down there and slit her throat myself. I should have known the wolves wouldn't just kill her. Where's the fun in that? Seeing her like this now almost makes me forget why I hated her so much in the first place. After all, it wasn't her fault she ended up here. None of us had a choice, really. All my life, I've just accepted the Games as a way of life. Even when my two best friends went in the Arena knowing only one would come out, I'd never questioned them. Neither had Audrina until she came out alive. The Arena changes you. It's easy to forget who the real enemy is in here. I look down at Katniss, realizing she has finally closed her eyes. A sigh of relief escapes me, it's almost over. For both of us. Finally, her screams die down to whimpers, and then nothing at all. Boom. Suddenly, the mutts are gone. The bodies are gone. What was a few seconds ago a pitch black night turns into a bright and sunny sky. I jump down from the Cornucopia and reach into my belt for Clove's knife. The anthem begins to play, and I laugh to myself. They think they have their victor. But they should know I would never allow myself to live in a world without Clove. I smile to myself as Claudius Templesmith announces the words I have wanted to hear for as long as I can remember, "Ladies and gentlemen, I am pleased to present the victor of the Seventy-fourth Annual Hunger Games, Cato Rovati of District Two!" Bringing the three fingers of my broken left hand to my lips, I then raise them to the sky, just like I saw Katniss do at the Reaping. It means goodbye, and I hope Audrina understands. I tighten my good hand around the hilt of Clove's knife and plunge it into my own chest. Not this time, Snow. Not me. Boom. No one round here's good at keeping their eyes closed The sun's starting to light up when we're walking home Tired little laughs, gold-lie promises, we'll always win at this I don't ever think about death It's alright if you do, it's fine We gladiate but I guess we're really fighting ourselves Roughing up our minds so we're ready when the kill time comes Wide awake in bed, words in my brain, "Secretly you love this do you even wanna go free?" Let me in the ring, I'll show you what that big word means Lyrics: Glory and Gore - Lorde