the bed right in front of the pillows. "You can lean back against the headboard." He does as she asks, sitting with his back against the top of the bed, and she positions one of the pillows behind him. "Comfortable?" she asks. "MmmHmm." he nods. "Come here, sexy." She swings one leg over him and straddles his lap. He pulls her closer and embraces her, kissing his way down the side of her neck and down to her cleavage. Taking her breasts in both hands, he lovingly kisses one and then the other, sucking on each nipple until it grows hard in his mouth. "Sit back and relax." she whispers in his ear. "Nurse's orders." He follows her instructions, resting back against the pillows and admiring her beautiful body as she sits atop his thighs. She reaches down to where his cock stands at attention between her legs, wraps her hand around it and guides it to her entrance. She lifts herself up just enough to accommodate his length, and then eases herself down onto it until he is buried in her to the hilt. "Does this make you feel better?" she asks with a smirk. "Oh yeah." he breathes. " Way better." Peeta holds on to her waist, guiding her as she begins rocking up and down, her breasts swaying in front of his face. Each time she lowers herself down, he shifts himself up into her, meeting the pace of her movements. He skims his hands up her lower back, feeling the tautness in her muscles as she moves, the light sheen of sweat on her skin, the rise and fall of her ribs as she breathes faster, harder. " Ohh, Peeta..." she moans when he hits the spot inside her walls that feels so impossibly good. "More... more..." She changes her motion so she can grind herself against him as she moves up and down, feeling him as much as possible in all the right places. She digs her fingers into his shoulders and her chest heaves against his. The skin where their bodies are joined is sticky and damp and musky with the scent of their sex and he loves it; loves everything about it. Peeta clenches his jaw, wildly turned on by how incredibly hot she looks when she's on top of him like this, in control and sexy as fuck, her body getting so much enjoyment from riding his. He watches her face change as her pleasure builds- the blush that rises in her cheeks, the way her lashes flutter as her eyes drift closed, her lips lush and rosy as she whimpers "Yes... yes..." with shallow breath as she circles her hips on him. Suddenly he feels her hold her breath for a moment and he knows she's on the edge, ready to let go any second. He grabs onto her ass cheeks and pulls her closer, sinking himself into her as deep as he can get. "That's right, fuck me, Katniss." he urges her, his voice thick, gravelly. "Come for me. I love watching you come." She exhales sharply when her orgasm takes hold of her body, and he can feel it before the sounds of her satisfaction even make it past her lips. Her inner walls that envelop him tighten and twitch, her thighs quiver against his, her hands tremble as her fingers weave their way into the back of his hair. She presses her cheek to the damp blonde curls at his temple, moaning his name while the heat of her climax rolls through her in waves. " Oh, God, Peeta... yes..." " Katniss!" he hisses through gritted teeth as his own body reacts to hers, jerking beneath her as he finishes. He holds her tight to his lap, his breath hot on her skin as her rocking slows and then finally stops. For a few minutes they just stay that way, neither willing to separate from the other just yet. She lets her body relax against his, lowering her head to his shoulder and nuzzling her face into the crook of his neck. His soft skin there still smells faintly of the vanilla soap she'd washed him with in the bath and it makes her giggle. "What's so funny?" he asks her, grinning as he places a light kiss on her shoulder. "I was just remembering the look on your face when you saw me wearing that nurse costume... how surprised you were. It was priceless." she chuckles. "Best surprise ever." he says, helping her when she lifts herself off of him, sliding down from his lap to relax on the bed, then he lays down behind her, spooned to her back. Wrapping one arm around her waist, he adds, "Admit it, you had fun dressing up." "For you, I might be willing to play dress up again sometime. Being your nurse was kind of fun." "Well if that's the case... maybe we should do a little shopping tomorrow, when all the costumes are on clearance for half-off. I could see you in that cute cowgirl costume they had. You know, 'Save a horse, ride a cowboy'?" he proposes, waggling his eyebrows suggestively. "No way, Peeta!" she laughs as she reaches over and turns out the light on the nightstand. "Rodeo cowgirl? I don't think so." "Hey, you can't blame a man for trying." he smirks, pulling the blanket up over them both. She waits a moment until he thinks the conversation is over, then says, "What I wouldn't mind wearing though...is maybe something more like that sexy policewoman costume- you know, the one that came with the set of silver handcuffs?" Peeta is momentarily stunned silent, and Katniss bites her lip in the dark, excitedly awaiting his response to her suggestion. "Holy shit, I think I've created a monster." he growls with lust in his voice, pulling her body tight to his and nibbling playfully on her neck. "Well, it is Halloween." she retorts. "Stranger things have happened."