thought of sliding my cock into her tight channel made my dick throb insistently. I gave a few more lazy thrusts with my fingers before pulling them out and coating my shaft with the generous amount of fluids coating them. Katniss shifted down the bed slightly and lifted her legs to wrap around my waist. I lowered my body to rest fully against hers, pressing a long kiss to her lips as I grabbed my cock and lined it up with her entrance. I sunk inside her slowly. Savouring the feeling of her snug pussy around me as I made my in to the hilt. When our hips were flush together I paused and leaned down to kiss her again. Her tongue shot out to meet mine immediately and caressed it eagerly. My hips gave an uncoordinated thrust into her when she bit my bottom lip gently. She chuckled at my reaction and then lifted her hips in invitation. My thrusts into her were slow and steady and I could feel her juices dripping down to my balls. The sounds she was making every time the head of my cock nudged against her G-spot inspired me further; but it was the sweet smell of her arousal drifting up from where we were joined that truly motivated me to pull out of her and shift down the bed until my face was level with her slit. Her soft moan of disappointment was lost as soon as my tongue made contact with her folds and I felt her hands land heavily on the back of my head. She held me in place as my lips and tongue explored her pussy, taking the time to familiarise myself with her before slowing my lips around her clit and sucking gently. Her hips bucked into my face and I groaned into her pussy. My fingers push inside her again and I curl them slightly at the edges to rub the ridge on her front wall. Her hips buck again as my tongue begins flicking rapidly against her clit. I let her fuck my face in her own rhythm until she's crying out my name and her channel is contracting around my fingers strongly. A gush of fluids escapes her as I withdraw my fingers and I lap it up eagerly before raising to my knees between her thighs again. My wet hand wraps around my cock again and I pump it, the moisture from her orgasm makes the movement much noisier than I was expecting and I force myself to slow my movements. I want to come inside her not on her. She watches me as I climb from the bed and shove my jeans fully off of my legs, my hand dipping into the front pocket and retrieving my wallet quickly. I grab the condom I keep stored in there and rip open the package, rolling the thin latex down my smooth cock and pinching the tip as I watched her bring her hands to play with her tits. My hands ran up her thighs until I was cupping her hips tightly. Then inspiration struck me. "Can we do it from behind?" I asked quietly. She nodded in reply and rolled over onto her stomach, rising up on her knees and arching her back to expose her pussy to me again. I wrapped a hand around myself and led my dick inside her. She felt even better like this and when she thrust back against me to take me as deep as she possible could I groaned her name loudly in ecstasy. My thrusts were fast and lacked the rhythm I had established earlier but Katniss didn't seem to mind. She was thrusting back against me eagerly and panting with her effort; and my hands were guiding her movements to exactly where I wanted her. My ex hated fucking like this, always claiming that it was degrading and that I should respect her wishes. After a while I stopped asking. But now that I could experience the way my cock was gripped more tightly; and witness first-hand the arousing sight of my cock disappearing into a swollen pussy over and over again as my hips bumped into Katniss's luscious ass cheeks, I couldn't believe that I had denied myself such a simple pleasure for so long. My balls were drawing up tight against me as my thrusts gained speed and I could feel my climax fast approaching. I ran a hand from her hip to around her stomach and started circling her clit again quickly. Her head dropped down to the pillow beneath her and she clenched herself around my dick. The sensation pushed me over the edge and I slumped over her back as I emptied myself into the latex between us. My fingers were still circling her clit quickly and Katniss succumbed to another orgasm as my hips continued to thrust firmly against her. The strong contractions around my sensitive head caused me slight pain but I couldn't make myself pull out of her just yet. When I did eventually pull out of her I removed the condom and tied it off before throwing it into her trash can. I fell heavily onto the mattress beside her and threw an arm over her waist. My eyes felt heavy and I was struggling to keep them open. A combination of the amount of alcohol I had consumed and the vigorous way I had just fucked Katniss had taken it out of me. "Was that ok?" I asked softly, burying my face in her hair. She hummed positively and shifted backwards into me. My mind felt clear and my body ached deliciously and for the first time in two months I didn't fall asleep thinking about my ex. A slow smile spread across my face as Katniss sighed and shifted her hips against me again, my cock gave an answering twitch against her soft skin. Hopefully this could be the start of something new.