of this to happen." She stares up at the stars as they burn overhead. Each one has its own hint of color, a hue of orange or blue or red. She's constantly amazed at all of the tiny details she notices when she's with Cato. "But I'm glad it did." Perhaps the Capitol will find her words an amusing challenge. Gossip shows will unravel her sentences and expose any existing meaning and just make up the rest. They're more accurate than they know. Trumpets blare. She sits bolt upright, fingers instinctively curling around Cato's even as her other hand finds her knife. But it's not an announcement of a feast like she'd expected. No, Claudius's slippery voice informs the arena of a rule change. She meets Cato's gaze in the darkness. Neither is sure who moved first, but somehow they're tangled together beneath the light of the moon. Secret's out , she thinks, but she doesn't care. They're not even subtle about their hand-holding after that. Let Brutus fret as he will; he can gripe when they both come home to Two. She's perpetually in awe of the color that permeates the world, her eyes dancing around the forest as they hunt. His remain fixed on her. A few days later, they receive another announcement. This one, an invitation to a feast, makes a smile curve across her face not unlike Enobaria's fang-baring grins. "We're one step closer to going home," Cato says, savoring the words. They both keep a list in their head. Four slots are empty. This feast will turn things around, will hasten the end of the Games. He kisses her softly, her vision alighting once more, and then they begin to discuss their strategy. The next morning, she lies in wait for the girl from Twelve. Cato will lie in reserve for the beast from Eleven, unless the girl from Five with the long red hair happens to run near him. Her world is gray once more, but she doesn't even mind. Once they win, they can spend all the time in the world enjoying one another's company. The redhead darts out first, as they'd expected, and foolishly runs straight for Cato's section of the woods. Clove licks her lips even as the girl from Twelve, dark braid swinging, flies toward the Cornucopia. She intercepts the girl before she can reach the woods and knocks her down with a knife before pinning her down. She barely hears the words she's saying. Everything is fogged, dreamlike. Cato would kiss her for her cruelty as she teases the knife about the other girl's mouth. They're remarkably alike, Clove and Cato, so cold and so vicious and so single-mindedly determined. But it's this tight focus that ends up with her back against the Cornucopia as the giant from Eleven bashes her head in. Her body falls to the ground, and she keeps falling down, down, down to nothingness. She hears feet pounding toward her. There's a muffled swear, then someone drops beside her, resting a hand on the side of her cheek. She lets out an involuntary moan of pain as she moves her head to look at them, but she already knows by the color flooding her vision that it's Cato. "Please, Clove," he begs, anguished. "Stay with me." It's only fitting that, at the very moment in which she needs her thoughts to be more organized than ever, she just breathes, "It isn't fair." "Nobody ever said it was," he whispers, one hand clenching in her hair as the other strokes the side of her face. "Being soulmates doesn't grant us a happy ending, it just means we could have found one together." "I wish we could have." Her throat is closing for more reasons than one. Air is suddenly in precious short supply, but she chokes out, "I love you." If he responds, she can't hear it. Her hearing is gone, replaced by a low, insistent ringing inside her skull. She'd clear her ears if she could, but her hands won't move. She watches a tear fall from his face to hers, yet she can't even feel it land. She's shutting down. At least it doesn't hurt any more. Gold, gold, gold. It's everywhere- writhing in the Cornucopia's ridges, splashing in the sun's light, burning in Cato's hair. A whole world of colors, and she gets only the loveliest all for herself, presented to her like flowers on her grave. She thinks she's crying. Then, she thinks nothing at all. The color bleeds from Cato's vision, melting into smears of gray. Clove's eyes are glazed. They aren't seeing anything, not any more. He knows even before the cannon fires that she's dead. Slowly, almost tenderly, he lowers her body to the earth. He brushes a few errant strands of hair away from her forehead, avoiding the dent in her skull. Even in death, she's beautiful. He thinks he's loved her all along, like a shadow, like the sun behind a cloud, like the feeling when you wade out too deep and start to drown, like the fatigue when you give in. There is nothing beautiful left in the world, nothing to make it worth saving. He stands, grabs his spear, and tries to remember what he'd ever found compelling about it. It's so dull in his hand, just a flat expanse of gray instead of the glossy silver he'd seen each time Clove had been with him. Clove is past-tense now. He doesn't think he'll ever be able to believe that. He takes one step away from Clove's body, then another. His feet are so heavy. Each step is mechanic, artificial. Far in the distance, he sees the same plains he's avoided this whole time, the ones that ripple with concealed menace. He doesn't feel any unease as he slowly walks toward them. He doesn't feel anything at all. The world is gray. It always has been. A/N: This was supposed to be happy, I swear.