over to hang out." When Katniss didn't say anything, he asked, "Um, I'm sure you have something planned but do you want to join us?" She gave him a smile, "I'd love to." He gave a breathy reply of, "Cool… uh I'll ask Darius to text when they're leav-" He was cut off as she leaned over and kissed him. His brain went into overdrive, she was kissing him! She pulled away just far enough for their lips to break apart, their eyes met and she playfully bit her lower lip and her eyes asked the question of, "OK?" Without thinking he reached forward, his hand weaving into her dark hair that was hanging down in waves and pulled her lips back to his. He barely registered that she climbed back onto the hood of the car until he felt her body right next to his. His hand that wasn't in her hair went to his waist, all the while his brain was whirling, wondering, "Really? Really?!" After a few frenzied make-out moments Peeta pulled away, over the course of the make-out session he had ended up hovering over her, he took a few breaths to steady himself and he asked, "Are you being serious right now?" Katniss laughed, "Seriously serious." "Why?" He said in a bewildered tone, "Why me?" "Do you mind?" She asked. "No," He quickly answered, "I just don't get it…. I mean, we've barely spoken before." He stopped himself from asking the question of 'are you going to act like this never happened tomorrow?', he didn't want to the answer to that question, but then he remembered that she asked him out to a concert next weekend, so surely she wasn't going to just go back to pretending that he didn't exist after this. "Do you want to take a break and have a heart to heart?" She asked teasingly. He laughed and shook his head, "I think we should save that for later." She nodded and pulled him back and gave him a long kiss, her hand slipping inside his tux jacket and trailing up his back. She suddenly pulled away and looked at him, "Just so you know. I'm not going to have sex with you tonight." His mouth dropped open at her bluntness and he sputtered for a bit, "Wh-wha, no… I wasn't… I didn't think." She laughed at his nervousness and kissed him again. He'd been caught off guard when she said that but even as he was kissing her back he couldn't help but pick up on how she specified 'tonight', did that mean that she would have sex with him another night? He moaned a little into their kiss at the thought and dared to let his hand go to her chest. The sound of the door of the stairwell closing made the two of them break apart and slide off the hood of Cato's car. Katniss covered her mouth to stiffle a laugh as they ducked behind the car. Whoever it was got into their car a little ways away and drove off. Their make-out moment broken Katniss made a half-hearted attempt to smooth her dress as she stood up, she looked over at Peeta who had never taken his eyes off her and she smiled, "Wanna go to the top?" She asked, repeating the original plan for coming into the parking garage. They climbed the remaining flight of stairs and were greeted with a cool breeze. Katniss walked to the edge and looked out over the four-foot concrete railing, she turned her focus on the tall building that was across the street and looked up to the roof of that building, she closed her eyes and felt the breeze on her face and imagined what it would feel like to be up on the roof of that building, she'd really feel separated from the city then. She turned to face Peeta and hopped up, sitting on the ledge of the railing. Peeta quickly moved forward to hold her, not liking the thought of her sitting so precariously on the ledge with nothing between her and the eight story drop behind her, "Careful." She quirked an eyebrow at him, "I bet you I could walk the length of the railing." He wasn't sure how to respond, why would anyone want to walk along the narrow ledge? Was she being serious? "I'm sure you could," He said, trying to sound smooth, "So no reason to try." Katniss laughed then slid off the railing and leaned into him and gave him a long kiss, "Were you worried?" He wasn't sure what the cool answer would be so he chose to answer honestly, "I don't want you to get hurt." Katniss laughed again and made a show of looking over the railing, "If I fell I don't think I'd have to worry about being hurt." He was taken aback by the meaning of her sentence, if she did fall eight stories on to the sidewalk below, death would be more likely than injury. "Oh don't be so serious," She give him a playful shove on his shoulder before draping her arms around his neck. He leans in and gives her a kiss, everything was happening in a whirlwind and he was having trouble processing it all, he had spent most of the school year trying to learn more about her from afar and now she seemed to be surprising him at every turn, the girl he was kissing now was nothing like the girl that he had seen interacting with her friends at school, part of him was telling him to 'shut-up and enjoy it' but another part couldn't help but wonder, 'was she for real?' A/N: I don't encourage underage drinking or drug use... Just saying. There will be another chapter after this one but it won't be really related to the song - just a bit of fun that was had at their after Prom party. Hope the story entertained.