with my wetness his fingers have become. "O-Oh.."I stutter, embarrassed by the degree of my own arousal, "I'm sorry." He smiles and kisses me. "Don't be sorry. I meant that I liked it. It's so sexy." Oh . "I think it must mean that I'm doing something right?" he asks hopefully. Nodding my head enthusiastically, I encourage him, "It's so good...Don't stop." He continues his slow motions, glancing downward to watch his own fingers as they glide wetly over the tender flesh of my sex, my hips rolling in rhythm with the circles he makes with his fingertips. He moves downward, until one finger finds my entrance and he carefully slides it in. The sensation is exquisite, as he sinks it into me a little deeper. When he pulls his finger back out of me, he brings it to his lips, and my eyes open wide in surprise when he pops his finger in his mouth and sucks on it. "I wanted to know what you taste like." he murmurs. "I like it." Before I can even reply, his fingers are back between my legs, and I feel like the tension coiled in my belly is more intense than ever. I rest my hand lightly on top of his when his fingertips find my clitoris, and I squeak out a strangled moan of enjoyment. "Yes... right there..." I pant in ecstasy as he teases my bundle of nerves. With his talented fingers tapping and circling just where I want them, it isn't long before I'm over the edge, whimpering in pleasure as my orgasm hits and washes over me in waves. It takes me a minute to come down, to catch my breath after the high he's just brought me to. Finally I open my eyes and look at him, and he says nothing, but the passion in his kiss says it all. I turn closer to him, and as we kiss, I feel his erection twitch against my hip. I reach down and take him gently in my grasp, smoothing my hand over his silky skin, so hot against my palm. He's so worked up from watching me that just this first touch of my hand elicits a deep growl of lust from him. I've never heard such a sexy sound in my life. I want to take my time learning to pleasure him the way he did me, to explore every inch of him, thick and hard and pulsing in my fingers, but Peeta can't wait that long. Not this first time, anyway. He wraps his own hand over mine and shows me how to stroke him. I'm enthralled as he guides my hand up and down over his length, watching his excitement escalate rapidly with each stroke. His eyes which normally look so gentle and kind, are now hungry with urgent need, his pupils dark and dilated with arousal. His mouth hangs open, moaning his appreciation as he guides my hand in a faster rhythm now. I watch his face change expression as he chases his climax. His eyes squeeze shut, his brow furrows, he gasps ragged breaths of air, and then my name hissed between his clenched teeth, just before I feel his body spasm and shudder, and suddenly warm wetness fills my palm and the spaces between my fingers. Watching Peeta come, knowing that it was my name on his lips at that very moment, was the hottest, most erotic thing I'd ever seen, and it made me wonder why I'd been denying my feelings for him for so long. We go into the bathroom afterward with the intention of cleaning up and going to bed for the night, but all it takes is Peeta giving me a mischievous grin and a glance towards the shower, and I know that our night is nowhere near over just yet. We don't know what tomorrow is going to bring for us, so we decide to make today, this one perfect day, last as long into the night as we can. We step into the shower together and start our discovery of each other's bodies all over again, this time all slick with luxurious frothy soap bubbles scented like lush tropical fruit. And this round, I get to take my sweet time, massaging his body with slippery hands, gradually working Peeta up into a frenzy of lust until he comes for me again, this time with me sitting on his lap facing him on the tiled shower bench. We spend so long in the shower that the whole bathroom is steamed up and we can't see anything past the frosted glass shower door. But we don't care, as far as we're concerned, the world outside this shower door has ceased to exist anyway. When we finally decide it's time for bed, I turn down the comforter while Peeta brushes his teeth. I walk over to the dresser and pick up the painting, smiling to myself as I admire the work of his gifted hands. It's not until I take a closer look at the painting that I notice the tiny writing, where he's put the title and his signature in the bottom corner, in his familiar cursive script. " Treasured" by Peeta Mellark. I nod approvingly at his choice of title. When he steps out of the bathroom, I take him by the hand and pull him into bed with me, resting my head on his chest, listening to the soothing beat of his heart, and drifting off into the twilight just before sleep. I decide that no matter what happens to us or to our painting when tomorrow comes, the title he's given it is perfect. Of all the gifts in this room- the fine clothes, the sumptuous bed linens, the expensive jewelry- none of it matters to me. There is only one gift, one luxury in this room that's worth more to me than all the money in Panem, and that's being treasured by Peeta Mellark.