back over to Marie. In a quick slice she cuts Marie's throat. Marie's eyes flash open and she grabs at her throat. She gurgles on her blood. Blood slicks over her hands. Minnie screams at the sight. She runs outside the Cornucopia. Marie's cannon then booms. Marie Styles, 18, District Three- throat slit by Minnie Griffith, D11 Minnie starts to run back into the woods, but the ground starts to shake. Her legs wobble and she nearly falls to the ground. Loud snapping can be heard in the distance. Nearby one of the tall redwoods comes crashing down. Minnie screams and dives out of the way. The earth shakes below her. This must be the finale. Minnie races back inside the Cornucopia. She grabs a new quiver of arrows. She leaves the horn. She looks around frantically. She can see and hear the large trees collapsing. Another nearby tree falls, dividing the clearing in half and crushing the Cornucopia beneath it. Minnie gives another shriek. She then sees Jaxon run out into the clearing. He looks disheveled with cuts and bruises covering his body. He holds a sword in his hand. Minnie notches an arrow. Jaxon doesn't look at her, he looks behind him searching for others. Minnie pulls the bowstring back. Before she releases the arrow, Jaxon falls to the ground. A spear protruding from his chest. Jaxon Henten, 17, District Twelve- speared in chest by Seaton Hurst, D4 Seaton runs out. He races to Jaxon and pulls his spear out. He looks around and spots Minnie. Minnie releases her arrow. She was shaky and it misses its mark. The arrow flies over Seaton's shoulder. Seaton throws his spear. Minnie rolls out of the way. Seaton runs towards her. Minnie runs to the fallen tree. There's a small hole where the tree fell on the Cornucopia. Minnie squeezes through it. She gets to the other side. Seaton dives into the hole, but can't fit through. He reaches his hand through to try and grab Minnie. Minnie notches an arrow and shoots Seaton's hand. He roars in anger. "Seaton don't bother with her, you have a bigger threat on this side," Chanel says. She's breathing heavy and she looks like a wreck. Seaton and Minnie both jump at the sound of her voice. Minnie can't see either of the other tributes and runs out of the clearing. Seaton stands back up, clutching his wounded hand. Chanel tosses Seaton his spear. "Let's get this done," Chanel says unsheathing a long dagger. Seaton charges at her with his spear. Chanel knocks it aside with her dagger. She spins and slices her dagger against Seaton's right arm. He howls in pain. Seaton swings his spear knocking Chanel to her feet. Her dagger flies from her hands. Seaton then stabs at her, but she rolls and the it hits her in the calf. Chanel screams in pain. She rips a knife from her vest and flings it at Seaton. The knife impales Seaton in the neck. He falls to the ground, blood pooling around him. "I'm sorry, but only one of us can win," Chanel stands up saying. Blood oozes down her leg. She scans the area looking for Minnie. Seaton's cannon booms. Seaton Hurst, 18, District Four- knife thrown into neck by Chanel Russeau, D1 Chanel takes a step but crumples to the ground. Her leg feels like it's on fire. She takes two knives from her vest. Minnie runs back into the clearing after finally making it around the fallen tree. Minnie looks around. She doesn't seem shocked to see that Chanel was victorious in her battle with Seaton. "You seem to have a problem there," Minnie yells pointing at Chanel's leg. "I'm perfectly fine," Chanel spits back. She throws one of her knives. It misses Minnie by three feet. Minnie loads her bow and shoots an arrow. Chanel Russeau, 18, District One- arrow shot into chest by Minnie Griffith, D11 The hovercraft soon materializes above. A ladder drops and Minnie grabs a hold of it. She is lifted up out of the Arena with tears of joy running down her face. xXx Thanks for reading! I hoped you all enjoyed Minnie! Tell me what you thought about the writing and about the Victor? Were you surprised? I know there were a lot cliché moments in this story. (e.x. Don't do that, they do it, they die) But hey it's good practice and it will help give me practice for my SYOT. Speaking of which United is my number one priority and will update that one before this one. But I would love to hear what you thought about this! Keep a look out for the next update and the newest Victor ? 76th Hunger Games Kills Garnet Shields, D1 - 2 (Oliver Downes, D7 Kareen Pollis, D9) Chanel Russeau, D1 -4 (Farah Heigel, D9 Sandra Barnes, D4 Mariposa Summers, D7 Seaton Hurst, D4) Tytan Mackey, D2 - 1 (Amira Deville, D8) Valerie Clux, D2 - 2 (Holden Fennon, D10 Chip McArthor, D3) Seaton Hurst, D4 - 3 (Bryte Lumen, D5 Tytan Mackey, D2 Jaxon Henten, D12) Sandra Barnes, D4 - 1 (Bella Mason, D10) Mariposa Summers, D7 - 2 (Garnet Shields, D1 Billo Sexton, D10) Farah Heigel, D9 - 1 (Collin Banks, D8) Minnie Griffith, D11 - 4 (Nina Mendez, D12 Zin Fields, D6 MarieStyles, D3Chanel Russeau, D1) Jaxon Henten, D12 -2 (Valerie Clux, D2 Misha Bitsu, D6) Natural/Mutts - 1 (Lewis Carswell, D5) xXx Facts about the Victor Minnie was standing next to Rue when she was Reaped. Minnie was so thankful it wasn't herself. Appearance: Dark skinned. Browm eyes and curly shoulder length black hair. Minnie has a petite body. Family: She was the youngest of four. She would get married at the age 24. Minnie would never have children. Death: Minnie is still alive as of the 150th Games at the age of 90. Victors 76th Games Hunger Games: Minnie Griffith, 16, TS (6) Kills (4), District Eleven