that tell you?" "That I might as well be dead to them, you're from District 12. You know what the gesture means." "Yes, given our history they will, but they all do not want to see you gone," "I guess. I'm not really sure what to think of that though." Katniss said with a sigh. "It means the whole district did not want you to go," Maysilee said. "Well, that is very surprising actually." "Exactly you draw people," She said. "Certainly didn't seem that way before the Reaping." "You never bothered to speak to many people Katniss," "You can't blame someone for just trying to keep who they care about alive." Katniss said not realizing the irony. "Yeah I can't believe me, but you never spoke to anyone outside of selling things," "I'm not a people person." "Exactly and that draws people they want to know more about you," "Well, somehow I doubt that's what the Capitol will be looking for." "You don't know do you?" "Well, no I don't." "Exactly," she said. "I do know for sure that the Capitol and District 12 are immensely different in every aspect." "Not really," Katniss sighed, "No way." "Really just lifestyle," she said. "The same people who are sending me to fight to the death for their entertainment. Somehow I find trouble believe that we're one in the same." "You just have no faith," Maysilee sighed. "What does that have to do with anything?" "If you have no faith than you lower your odds," "How does pointing out the differences between 12 and the Capitol say that I have no faith?" Katniss asked confused. "Because you're treating it like they are not even human," she said "So, that's how they're treating me. Not only now as a tribute but that's how they've been treating me my whole life and almost all the districts since probably even before the Dark Days." "You are not looking at anything in any sort of positive light. Look I know that you have been through hell in your life, but thinking about only that here is going to get you killed. I know you want to get back to your family and I want to get you back, but if you refuse to listen to me you're going to die Katniss!" Katniss sighed and said, "I guess." "Thank you," She sighed. "Why do you care so much anyways?" Katniss asked. "Because, your mother is my friend I have watched you grow up Katniss and I want nothing more than to make sure you are still there for your mother and for Prim," "Fine, I guess we have the same goal then." "So you will listen?" "Yes, I will." "Good we will get you through this," "What about Peeta?" Katniss asked. "I will help him, if he proves he is of some use," "Well, he did save me and my family's lives." Katniss pointed out. "True, but I cannot save you both," she said. "I know that." Katniss said. "Plus in his situation he has very little to help him," "Just another District 12 tribute I guess." "Not you though," "Well, I'm okay." Katniss shrugged. "You are great," she said. "Not really." "Really?" She asked skeptical she had seen some of the stuff he had shot. "Really, I'm nothing that special." Katniss said. "Nothing like my dad was." "I would not know. I never saw him shoot," "Well, he's amazing. He's the one that taught me everything I know… well… Gale helped me with most of the traps but besides that it was all him." "He was a good man;" "Yes he was." Katniss said looking down but keeping back any tears in a very Katniss manner. "He would be proud of you," Maysilee said. "You really think so?" Katniss asked. "Yes, I really do," She said smiling a little sadly "What happened to him?" Effie asked. "He died in the mine explosion years ago," Maysilee said sadly. "Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that." Effie said turning to Katniss. "Not your issue," She said. "I guess." Effie asked. ""Just forget it please," Katniss asked. "Alright," Effie agreed. "Thank you," She said. "You're welcome." "Maybe you should try to get some sleep though." Maysilee advised. "Okay, I will try," she said. "Good luck," Maysilee sighed and she and Effie left the room. "Well that is some progress," Effie said. "Definitely," Maysilee agreed. "Hopefully I can make more before she goes into the arena." "I think we will," "I'm not sure. Katniss can be… very stubborn." "So can you," Effie said. "Then I guess we'll just have to see whose stubbornness prevails." "Should be interesting," Effie said. "I still say she's a winner though." Maysilee said looking over at the closed door to Katniss' room. "She has the potential to win if her attitude says anything," Effie said. Maysilee nodded. "She has the skills, too. Even though, she tries to downgrade them." "You have a lot of confidence in her," Effie said. "Someone has to and she won't." "Yes, but you never had this much faith in the others," Effie said. "None of the others had as good of chances as Katniss does." "Then maybe you'll have a victor," Effie said. "She will. She can shoot a bow and arrow, she can hunt, she can identify edible plants, according to her mom she can even swim which could come in handy. Remember the seventieth games?" "Then if she plays her cards right she can live," "Exactly, well, I'll go see how little sleep I can scrape up tonight." "Goodnight," Effie said heading to her own room. I hope you liked it so far. Just so you know the bitterness towards Maysilee was mostly based off of when Katniss had first met Finnick with her attitude towards him for being a prostitute. Review and you are welcome to flame. Detailed contructive criticism is greatly appreciated and will make me very very happy that way I can make my writing better.