-I do not think. I work out, and then the Games... - the last word I speak with undisguised sadness. -I will find time to you see again, - Seneca so earnestly looking at me that I surrender to his charms and give him a kiss my hand. Chapter 6 The next day Monica awakes me. I get up hardly, go into the shower and then join the rest at the breakfast. -Where did you be yesterday? - asks Martin. Greg is also interested in this question. -Nothing special, - I answered evasively, but this answer does not suit Martin. Fortunately, Monica stands up for me and comes up with a convincing excuse. I thank her by glance. All day we spend in training. Wake and Foy talk with us a lot of time. We finally get acquainted with Oswald and Midge - tributes from District - 4. They - are the exact opposite of each other. Oswald - a short, dark-haired, closed. Midge - tall, with blond hair and sociable. I hit it off immediately with Oswald. Midge seems too cutesy. Seneca again watches me. Our eyes met several times, and I understand how much he had changed. Now he looks at me less strictly, even a couple of times smiles when I do something well. What he's still strange! I still cannot understand the reason for our meeting. Perhaps he plays with me. Playing with my feelings, which as such or not. I still do not know how to relate to him. But my mixed feelings do not interfere. I soon forget about the presence of Gamemakers and dive into workout. From the beginning I noticed that Oswald kept apart from us. Especially from the tributes from District - 2. It seems that he is not one who does not like them. When we take a break, and I sit apart from Martin, Wake, Foy and Midge, I'm joined by Oswald. -Don't like their company? - I asked a young man. By the way, I still cannot figure out how Oswald years. Probably 18, although he looks at all 25. -Why pretend friends, if still have to fight with each other? -You are right. But the best is probably to stick with strong to defeat weaker. -Personally I'll be the one. Oswald's idea appeals to me, but I'm afraid that alone will not cope. Then we eat in silence. Martin's company seems to be genuinely happy. They talk loudly, laugh. I could not so. Knowing that in a few days you'll have to kill, and your victim might be one of these tributes. During the day I with Oswald converge more than once. Teach each other different skills. Martin seems to be jealous. Well and let, I don't care about him. I found a new friend. Though at the time. Watching other tributes, I made a few conclusions about them and their skills. Wake and Foy excellent command of swords, Midge shots well. Tributes from District – 3 are very dexterous and disguised perfectly. Man and woman from the fifth District do not have any special talents, but a close fight is their forte. The remaining tributes are not dangerous for us. Although, who knows how they manifest themselves in the Arena. Most of all I felt sorry for a boy from the 6 and a girl from the 10 district. They are still very young to fight with people like us. I think they will be killed one of the first. With this thought my heart shrinks. Oswald observes my mood and says out loud what I think. How much we have in common! For all his disagreeable appearance, Oswald seems to me kind and strong spirit. In the evening I have a good mood. Mainly because of Oswald. During dinner, Martin says that was the day and noticed that I was separated from their company. -I found a new ally. Although he will not be with us, I would like to cooperate with him. -Well, and you said that you do not need anyone, - says Martin, and I understand that he was offended on me. -I was wrong. Oswald might be a good friend, even for a time. -That guy from the District - 4? And why did you like him? -And you, I see, used to rely only on appearance, - my words hurt Martin. -I used to be with the most powerful. And if it does not arrange you, can be friends with your boob - freak! - exclaims Martin, and my patience is running out. I grab an orange and toss in Martin. -How could you call him so?! - I say furiously, until Greg devotes Martin away. - Ethnicity is not an indicator of the human soul! I think I know who will be my first victim - you! My words frighten seriously Martin. But in the next second he says: -Okay, I'm sorry. I do not want us to swear before the Games. Be allies, right? - the young man gives me his hand. I still cannot shake it. I'm overwhelmed with feelings. I know that I need to be friends with Martin and the rest to survive, but the way he showed himself, makes me wonder whether it is worth to someone to cooperate. I'm a little calm down, stretch out a hand to Martin, and we're friends again. I have to rethink everything again. Whether to trust Martin, Wake, Foy and Midge? First, we need to stick together, and then can be separate. Yes, I will. And Oswald? If I'll be lucky, will meet him and fight together. But then still have to fight with ally, whoever he was. I try not to think about what will happen next. Now my main task – is not to be alone. And suddenly I remember Seneca. Our meeting, 12 points, his words. All this is not just. Maybe he's really in love with me? Suddenly will he help me win?