before they vanish. "But who? Not the ginger; she seemed like a lone wolf sort. Possibly the other boy from Eleven, although he didn't seem particularly fond of her. Twelve…" And she remembers sneering at the panic on the girl's face weeks ago as she lunged forward to volunteer for her sister, a wisp of a thing, and she knows . Cato's reached the same conclusion she has, his face stone. "We'll kill her next. That bitch…" His hands twitch as if itching to close around her throat. Glimmer pulls herself up from where she was sobbing on the ground, a ghost in the half-light. She's eerily composed now, her face shuttered. But before she can speak, trumpets blare. It's Claudius Templesmith with an announcement. "A feast," Clove murmurs. "We don't need the food, but we can take out some of the others." "Now hold on. Some of you may already be declining my invitation. But this is no ordinary feast. Each of you needs something desperately," Claudius continues. "Each of you will find that something in a backpack marked with your District number, at the Cornucopia at dawn. Think hard about refusing to show up. For some of you, this will be your last chance." And then there's silence, and they all look at each other. Is this where we split apart? Clove wonders. "I'm going. No question about it," Cato tells them. "I'm curious as to what they think I'll need." "I will too." Glimmer's icy and determined. "I've recovered from the stings by now." She lifts her head challengingly, like either would try to stop her. They both turn to look at Clove. Slowly, cruelly, a smile forms. "I think we need to get revenge. For Marvel." They huddle together then, in the black of the night with firelight drawing scars on their faces, as they discuss just how they'll win. Bright and early the next morning, there's a disturbance on the plain. The ground in front of the Cornucopia splits and a table rises, laded with backpacks. The Careers are armed to the teeth and bristling with hatred as they sprint out and surround the table just as the sneaky redhead races over. She skids to a stop, and she must know it's far too late for her, because she doesn't even bother running. One of Clove's knives hits her, and the cannon fires even as two more figures sprint from the bushes. It's Eleven and Twelve, and there's an unspoken alliance between the two. They must know that if they can overpower the Careers, they can reach what they desperately need before they kill the other. Cato rips open their backpack to reveal two flesh-colored armor sets. Glimmer opens hers hurriedly to find another. They all climb into their armor just as the two tributes reach them. Clove's grateful for the armor when Twelve shoots an arrow from the silver bow Glimmer had carried before the tracker jackers. She's an accurate, efficient shot, too; the arrow bounces off Clove's heart. But her greatest talent appears to be near-useless now that they're clad in armor. It's unfortunate that she doesn't have armor of her own. Glimmer throws one of the knives Clove'd given her earlier, and it hits her on the arm. She screams and stops even as Eleven rages towards them, Clove's knives stuck in his shoulder. He's impossibly, implausibly angry as he grabs Clove and tosses her to the ground. She remembers the little girl with the dark eyes and understands why. But while that tactic might've worked if she were alone, she isn't. Cato snaps his neck even as he moves to bash her skull in with a rock. She shoves his body aside, dimly noting the cannon fire, and goes to stand with Glimmer. They face the girl from Twelve, three against one, and there's no hope for her at all. She raises her bow to launch an arrow at Cato's unprotected face, and Clove screeches and hurls a knife at her. It's an ugly, sloppy throw, one that her trainer back home would murder her for, but it gets the job done. Twelve falls as it hits her in the heart. The cannon booms. The three stand together and watch the sky, watch each other as realization dawns. Cato snaps first, lunging for Clove and he's vicious, he's insane. She falls back beneath him and for an instant she's totally defenseless. "I love you," he whispers, cold and harsh and barely audible beneath her screams as she flinches and scrabbles at his arm with her nails, raking angry lines down them. "I wish-" Then he coughs, chokes, freezes, hands falling from her throat. Clove shakily pushes him off her and sees Glimmer's knife in his back. She stands and limps away, arms wrapped around herself. Cato crumples, and the cannon fires. "Thank you," Clove whispers, not turning around. She lifts a hand to wipe at her face, at the emotion neither will acknowledge. "So I didn't have to… thank you." Glimmer smiles then, and it's one tinged with sadness. Another lifetime, we could have been friends, she thinks as she raises her knife. Clove really shouldn't have taught Glimmer so well. Perhaps if she hadn't, she'd have stood a chance. The knife lands in her leg, and as she's screaming and yanking it out, Glimmer rushes at her. Clove brings up the bloodied knife and braces herself, but it's too late. There's a blurred tangle of limbs, and then Glimmer's crouched above Clove's broken body, panting. The cannon fires, and Glimmer puts on her most dazzling smile. She steps back from her friend's body, neck twisted, green eyes glassy, and blows a kiss to the audience. Oh, the Capitol was foolish to doubt me, she thinks as she waves and thanks her sponsors, blushes for the spotlight. I've won, and now they'll pay for killing my friends. She takes the bloodred lipstick out of Clove's pocket and paints on a smile.