time boy, your fighters I like that," Haymitch said. "Well, Gale definitely is." Ermela said awkwardly despite the ninja reflexes and instincts she had just demonstrated. "Not really me though. I can't do anything." "Did you just see your reflexes?" Gale asked stunned. "The boy's right." Haymitch told her honestly. "With reflexes like that pretty much no one would stand a chance at killing you no matter what they come with." "Seriously?" She asked skeptical. "Of course, you even literally just demonstrated that you'd do perfectly fine if someone came at you with a knife." Haymitch reminded. "And that even gives you the potential to be good with a sword or quarterstaff since lighting responses are mostly what both are about." "Okay," She said sounding hopeful. "What about you?" He asked turning to Gale. "Any skills that you think might come in handy?" "I can hunt and I'm pretty good with traps," Gale said. "And a bow and arrow," Ermela added. "Well I'm okay with those," Gale said. "Don't sell yourself short." Ermela said ironically and turned to Haymitch. "He's way better than 'okay'." "I'm not that good," Gale said. "You're just comparing yourself to Katniss." Ermela said rolling her eyes. "Well, maybe," Gale said. "Well, it looks like I actually got a pair of fighters this year." Haymitch said honestly. "How are you guys at working a crowd?" "Not great," Gale said. "That's a problem than, you'll need to work on that, started when this train first comes into the Capitol." "How?" Gale asked "You need to make them like you from start to finish. That could get your sponsors which could save your damn life." "How?" Ermela asked. "How do you make people like you or how could it save your life?" Haymitch asked. "Make people like us," Gale said. "Basically here, you lie your ass off." Haymitch said, "Anything you think or feel especially directly related to the Hunger Games or the Capitol you say and act the exact opposite." "Anything?" He asked. "Assuming you don't actually have any positive opinions on either one of them." "Got it," They both said attentively. "So, basically make them think that we're very happy and honored to be in the games and that they're the nicest most thoughtful people we've ever meet?" Ermela concluded. "Yes," Haymitch said "Well, that sounds incredibly annoying, but makes sense why that would make them like us so I'll fake it as best as I can then." Ermela promised knowing that with the sponsor gifts it's just one account for both of them so that would help keep Gale alive. "Exactly, so bite your tongue and deal with it," Haymitch said. "Think could do that?" Ermela asked Gale. "I think so," He said. "Well, then that is all for today." Haymitch said grabbing a liquor bottle and leaving. "Great!" Gale sighed. "There must be way more information he know but isn't giving us. After all, he won without a mentor in a Quarter Quell against 47 other tributes instead of 23." Ermela inquired. "We'll have you catch him in a sober moment," Gale said. "How?" Ermela asked having never heard of such a thing. "We could throw all the alcohol of the train." Gale suggested. "He would be really angry," Ermela said. "It would be the only way though. Besides, we're tributes so he can't hurt us." Gale reminded. "Let's do it," She said. Since they we already in the bar car they started grabbing as much as they could carry. They know there's alcohol in other parts but this was the logical first step. "Do we just throw them out of the window?" Ermela asked. "That would be quickest." Gale said opening the nearest window. They began throwing the alcohol out the window. Once they had the bar car, which was obviously the most fully stocked, empty, they started searching the rest of the train. "We have to search his room," Gale said "Of course, but we need a backup plan if he catches us." Ermela reminded. "It might be best to target there last." "Good plan," Gale said. "So let's just look around the rest of the train for any stray bottles for now." Ermela suggested. "That plan works," Gale said. They set off checking all the rooms but Haymitch's and throwing any alcohol they found out the window. "Is that all?" Gale asked throwing a bottle out the window and shutting it. Ermela did a mental check of all the rooms, "Yeah, just Haymitch's is left." "Good now we wait and sleep," Gale said. "So, what exactly are we waiting for?" Ermela asked. "I can't find my room," Gale said. "Me neither I guess we should find Effie and ask then." Ermela suggested. "Again, good plan!" Gale said. They headed to the living car where they saw her during the liquor hunt. "Effie!" Gale called. Effie turned and went over to them, "There are politer ways to get someone's attention but is there something you need?" "Do you know where our rooms are?" Gale asked. "Oh, right, of course, follow me." Effie said going out of the living car. They followed her down the hall. "Here we are." Effie said stopping between to rooms. "Gale's is on the right, Ermela's on the left." "Thank you Effie," Gale said. Ermela opened her door and looked in as Effie left. "Hopefully we'll be able to get some sleep." "Yeah, good night," Gale said smiling "Good night, Gale." Ermela said turning her head back also with a smile despite the current situation. Gale closed his door and sighed this was likely his first long day of many ahead of him. Ermela shut her door with a sigh as well, '12 may be a small district but why did it have to him?' What do you think? Like it? Hate it? Review with your honest opinion! Long detailed reviews make me happy and help my writing and flames don't bother me. Just please review. *puppy-dog eyes*