are folded defensively over her chest, the tennis shoes she always wears whenever she needs to distract herself with exercise. "Did you run all the way here?" She starts to shake her head, hesitates, then shrugs. "Not really. I was going jogging to clear my mind and I realized it wasn't working so I figured I'd come and visit you." "Clear your mind about what?" Glimmer can be gentle when she wants to be, and she's pulling every last reserve of softness for this. Clove bites her lip. "It's stupid, I know, but…" "Cato?" she prompts. Clove nods silently. "You're worried about how fast you stopped hating him, aren't you?" There's a pause, then slowly, guiltily, Clove nods again. "It's just-" She finds a painting on the wall and stares at it like it's the most interesting thing in the world, anything to escape the knowing look in her best friend's eyes. "It feels so sudden . Like, one minute I'm throwing my drink at him and the next I'm trying not to laugh as he tries to dance. I just…" She breaks, continues. "I just don't know if it's right to forgive someone- to like someone- that fast." "I think it's up to you," Glimmer says very softly. "Does it feel right to you?" Her voice is raw with honesty when she says, "I don't know." "Oh, honey, come here." Glimmer wraps her in a hug, and for a long moment, they just stand there in front of the open door, two girls so incredibly different but clinging to each other all the same. "You're my best friend and the smartest person I know. You'll figure it out. I believe in you. Always have, always will." Clove finds that painting above Glimmer's shoulder and focuses on it to remind herself that this is not an emotional moment and certainly does not require tears. It almost works. A few minutes later, when Clove's hushed snuffling has faded or at least been forcibly quelled, Glimmer breaks the silence. "So, tell me, how bad was his dancing?" Clove just giggles . - Omg - Glimmer - What did you do? - Glim I swear to god I'm freaking out right now - what do u mean - Cato is standing at my front door - How does he even know where I live? - um - sorry - i told marv what cato said to u and he said hed handle it - i mightve sent him ur address too - I can't believe you - As soon as I can get Cato out of here, I'm going to hunt you down - You're going to regret betraying me - sorry - whats he even doing there? - Apologizing - Loudly - Through the closed and locked front door - u didn't let him in? - He's clearly a deranged lunatic - So no - how long has he been there? - At least fifteen minutes - I almost had him convinced I wasn't home, but he caught me running to my bedroom to get mace - just tell him to go away - I already did - Multiple times - He's stubborn - or u could open the door a crack and spray mace in his eyes real quick before closing it again - Tempting - Very tempting - But he's some sort of gym rat or something - He could probably rip the door off its hinges if he wanted to - I think he's trying to pick the lock - Brb - clove? - omg - pls dont be dead - i swear if cato kills u ill hunt him down myself - clove - clovey - cloveriffic - ily so much please dont die - im gonna count to ten before i call the cops - one - two - three - four - Oh my god - I'm okay - Don't call the cops - clove! - ur alive! - did u send away ur creepy stalker? - Uh - Not really - omg - r u serious - why not? - ? - ! - wtf clove - im coming over - i shouldnt have come over - omg - i feel dirty - Like I haven't walked into much worse with you and that Madge girl - I'm pretty sure that has to be illegal - And impossible - Nobody can bend like that without being half snake - shes a treasure - but we're not talking about me - we're talking about u MAKING OUT W THE ENEMY - Oh my god - It was not making out, first of all - it was horrifying - im pretty sure he lost his tongue somewhere in ur throat - That's disgusting - TELL ME ABOUT IT - I HAD TO SEE IT HAPPEN - It was a really nice apology - did he apologize for being a douche before or after he tried to steal ur oxygen? - Before - Duh - And I told him that if it happened again, I'd do way worse than throw my drink at him - hell yeah - we're strong women who can take care of ourselves - like hello we spent a semester at the academy practicing self defense - nd u learned how to throw knives - which - prob illegal - idk why enobaria even taught u that - im pretty sure shes a felon - a felon w bad teeth - but it means u can defend urself against insanely hot transfer students if u need to - I don't think I'll need to - just tell me if u ever do and we'll murder him together - we can borrow johannas axe - or sic some dogs on him - or shave his head - That one might actually kill him - whatever works - You're the best - i know - so - double date? - Do you even have to ask?