a lot more. Hunting and fishing with him was comfortable; I didn't like to do much talking anymore and he didn't seem to mind. Afterwards we would split our spoils to take home from Ripper. I found that all the things Grandpa used to quiz me about came in handy as the responsibility of feeding myself and Prim seemed to fall on my shoulders; mother seemed to always be at work in the evenings. The next couple of years went by like this. Most of my energy was focused on keeping Prim and I fed and healthy and working and going to school. As Prim grew older it became increasingly apparent that she could have a future as something like a doctor or a veterinarian, and I wanted to be able to put her through all that schooling. She deserved it. So I used that as my drive to do well in school and save up money for her college fund. My senior year of high school, Gale had invited me to a party with his friends the day after Thanksgiving. Among the indigenous community, Thanksgiving is kind of a sour reminder of the long history we had of helping the white man only to be betrayed in return. I always couldn't wait for it to be over, it seemed bad things always happened on Thanksgiving and I never particularly enjoyed the day. Well, that night, Gale picked me up in his old pickup truck and drove to some shack he said belonged to his friend Thom. The place was little more than four walls and a roof, and inside were a bunch of people with cheap beer in the hands and probably in their bloodstreams as well. I didn't particularly care for beer, but I accepted a couple anyways. I was sitting on the couch when Gale plopped down next to me. He was sitting a little too close for my liking, with his left leg nearly on top of my right one. I jumped when he set his hand down on my knee and sighed heavily. "Um… yes?" I looked at him with a look that I hoped said get out of my personal space, buddy. He sighed again. "Katniss, I'm tired of just hooking up with a different girl every week. It's not as fun anymore." "Then maybe you should stop?" I said giving him a strange look. Why would he tell me about that? I had no interest in hearing about that part of his life. "Yeah, I think I might. I think I should start something steady with a girl I actually feel like I know , ya know?" he looked over at me and I suddenly felt nervous. "Okay…" I said as he looked at me expectantly. He sighed again, this time sounding frustrated. "I'm talking about us. You, Katniss. Don't you think it would make sense for us to date? We're pretty much the same, I already know everything about you." I was starting to feel like gravity was increasing on me. I stuttered for a few moments before I got out "Um… I, well… I don't really… I don't think of you like… Ugh . I'm not really interested in dating anyone." I noticed his nostrils flare slightly. "What do you mean? You're seventeen, Katniss, don't you think it's about time you gave it a shot? I mean, what are you gonna do when you get out of your mom's house? Don't you think you ought to entertain the idea of finding someone stable to be with? To take care of you?" Now I was getting irrated. "No, I don't think I ought to," I spat. "And I'm pretty confident in my abilities to take care of myself." "Fuck, that's not what I meant. You know I don't-" "Yeah? Well that's what you said. And if you knew me so well you wouldn't be so stupid as to say suggest I need a man to take care of me. I'm not interested in dating, Gale. I'm just not. Why did you have to do this? Take a perfectly good friendship and make it awkward?" He leaned his head back against the couch and he sighed "I just thought I'd put myself out there for a moment, Katniss. Clearly that was the wrong thing to do." His tone made it obviously he thought he was in the right, as always. "Gale," I huffed. "Look, I'm sorry. I'm sure it takes balls to admit your feelings to someone like that, but I thought I'd made it clear through these past few years that dating was just not on my radar. I mean, I've told you about what I want to do before. What did you think would happen when you said this to me? That I would suddenly swoon and change my mind?" "Nevermind, Catnip," he mumbled. Using that old nickname for me again. I stood up. "Can we go home now? I want to go home." He stared at me. "Fine, whatever," he groaned. We didn't speak again on the five-minute ride home or when he parked in the driveway and I let myself out. I practically ran up to the front door, and as I was closing it behind me I saw him still sitting there, watching me, unmoving. He must have noticed the look on my face, because then he snapped out of it and drove off. Ugh. Why did people always have to turn the good things complicated? I felt a little sad as I wondered if this meant our friendship was over, but I knew that was silly; he just needed some time and we would be back to normal and could forget about this. Besides, I had more important things to think about, like where on earth I was going to school next year. I was starting to realize I wanted it to be far away from this place and all the confusion and bad memories it held.