I suddenly don't know what to do with myself. Finishing with the rabbit, I don't even bother with finding something to clean my hands with and quickly wipe my hands on my pants. I regret it immediately, knowing Cinna won't be happy. "I should get home. I've been gone all day," I say, and I inwardly curse the way my voice wavers. "Prim probably wants her rolls before they're cold." His face falls at my words before he puts up the mask that he has become an expert in doing by now. And that makes my heart sting painfully. Because I know it's my fault. Silently, he takes the rabbit from where it's lying on the counter and puts it inside the fridge. He turns around, his eyes suddenly very interested in his feet. Exhaling shakily, he looks up at me with a small shrug. "I'll walk you to the door then." And he does. He keeps his distance, letting me walk ahead of him but the clanking of his metal prosthetic gives him away. That also tugs painfully at my heart. I consider myself having it bad with the nightmares and not being able to hunt without screaming my throat dry. But I'm safe. I'm whole. Peeta lost something in those Games that he will never get back. That will be an reminder for the rest of his life. So when I open the door and step outside back into the cold, I turn around to face him. I want to say something - anything - but as I open my mouth to do so, no words come out. But as always, Peeta knows exactly what to say. "Katniss," he says quietly, almost a whisper. "Thank you. For stopping by with the rabbit. And skinning it. Just… Thank you." And then he pulls me into his arms. Holding me against his chest, much like Gale did earlier in the woods. But this is different. This means something. Peeta and I have had less contact than I have had with Gale for these past six months. Eventually, much too soon, he lets me go and steps away. I long after his warmth immediately. I bite my lip, seeing the sadness pooling in his brilliantly blue eyes. I have never been good with my words and we both know this - heck, all of Panem know this. So I do the only thing I can think of, I kiss him on his cheek. My lips only lingers on the skin of his cheek for a second, but it's enough to leave them tainted with a pretty pink color when I pull away. He looks startled, like a deer right before it's about to get shot. And somehow, I find that adorable. "Bye, Peeta," I smile, turning away to walk to my own house across the street. When the shock of me willingly kissing Peeta sets in, I almost stumble down the stairs. Public display of affection is as far away from me as a person as it can get. Affection, nonetheless. The only one I voluntarily show affection toward is Prim and occasionally Gale. No one else. Still disorientated from being wrapped up in Peeta's embrace and what just happened, I don't notice the small group standing on my porch. They look so disorientated and even more so when they spot me. Their eyes shine with curiosity as they meet mine before flickering toward Peeta's house. I can easily see them piece it together in their heads. I groan inwardly, immediately wishing that the ground would just swallow me whole. There is nothing I want less than for my prep team to gush about my relationship with Peeta - when in reality, there's nothing as much as a friendship to talk about. "Katniss, dear!" Effie squeals, clapping her hands together in surprise. "I see you have been visiting Peeta. How have the two of you been?" What happens next is merely a blur; trying to avoid Effie's prying questions about Peeta and I, my prep team scolding me for not taking care of myself these past months, the sting every single time they rip a hair from my body. I know they mean no harm and it's their job, so I clench my teeth together, filling my mind with the thought of finally seeing Cinna again. With the new house, warm water was not the only thing that followed. There are a lot of new electronic devices but for me, the phone is the most useful one. I don't use it often, only occasionally when Cinna has time on his hands and calls for me. We've been working on my 'talent' for the past few months. Every year for the victory tour, the annual winner has to showcase a talent. Me, having no talent but hunting - which is illegal- Cinna has been helping me with so-called talent. I'm supposed to have taken an interest in clothes or rater designing them. Of course, the real artist is Cinna, but Panem will - if everything goes as planned - not suspect a thing. So when a knock on the door brings me back to reality, I can't help the sudden giddy feeling spreading around my body. I wait impatiently for Octavia to finish whatever task she started and when she finally gives me the okay, I throw on my clothes and burst through the bathroom door. I'm about to shout his name to express my joy of seeing him but I'm met with an empty hallway. And then I hear the voice that is even worse in reality - it makes goose bumps raise on my skin - and I have to suppress the shiver that is about to run down my spine. "Hello, Ms. Everdeen." So.. What did you think? Was this better than the old chapter? Should I continue? Please share your thoughts with me, whatever they might be. Haha. I love you all and once again; Happy New Year's!