her head in her hands, Farrah stared openly down at the floor, positive that at least an hour had gone by. Still there was no sign of Marigold or Bran, and the thought that neither of them would show to bid her goodbye stung like a fresh cut. Surely her little brother would at least come to say goodbye; he cared about her. Right? Finally, the large doors parted, showing the Peacekeepers that stood guard on either side, though the only thing Farrah could see was Bran while a little figure sprinted out from behind him. Marigold's tiny arms encircled her neck, tears already seeping into the fabric of her dress as the little girl buried her face into the Alpha's shoulder. "Y-you can't go. You can't!" Gently rubbing her back, Farrah bit her lip, clamping down harder as tears threatened her own eyes. "I have to go little one." "No, no! You can't go!" her voice grew louder while more tears streamed down her cheeks. Farrah glanced up, studying her brother who stood breathless in the doorway, his chest heaving as if he'd run a mile to get to her. Dark droplets were peppered across his light blue shirt, most likely from the rain that could be heard beating against the building's roof. "Why did you do it?" he whispered, his face drawn tight. "Bran, I_" "WHY would you volunteer?!" Now standing with Marigold held at her side, Farrah narrowed her eyes, daring the Beta to raise his voice again. "Don't talk like that. What's done is done," she snapped. "You only had two more years Farrah - TWO more years! Then you would have no longer been eligible!" his voice cracked, expressing the pain he was enduring though she thought none of it. "I did it to save her!" the growl in her voice quieted her brother, and she watched carefully as he released his fists clenched at each side. "You know she doesn't have a chance against Districts One and Two – no Omega does! This was her first year being entered, and there was no way I was letting her go into that Arena." Combing the tangled curls out of Marigold's face as she clung to Farrah for dear life, the older girl showed the slightest hint of a smile, "At least now, she won't have to fight." "But you will," Bran crossed his arms stubbornly, a scowl still evident on his face, "What was your plan? To volunteer and pretend like everything was okay? You're going to be fighting for your life in the Hunger Games against twenty-three other kids who all want to go home!" "I know!" Farrah shouted, causing the crying little one to jump in her arms. "I know…" she sighed, "That's why I want you to keep her safe while I'm gone." "What?" He took a threatening step forward, fury written across his face. "Bran, I want you to take care of Marigold while I'm away," using her Alpha tone, Farrah could see her little brother's eyes lower in submission; there was nothing he could do to change her order, so he had to obey. "She's the reason you are being sent away in the first place. Why should I_" "Because I asked you too. You will take care of her and keep her out of harm's way. Understood?" Their eyes connected, and no matter how badly Bran wanted to look away, Farrah did not allow it, not until he agreed. A long sigh parted his thin lips as he looked to the floor, "Understood." "Two minutes," the deep tone of the Peacekeeper on the other side of the door sounded, causing Marigold's sobs to grow heavier. "I didn't come back here to argue with you. I came to give you this." Bran pulled something from the pocket of his trousers, lifting the short chain up for his sister to see. "What is that?" she asked stiffly, somewhat aware of what he was holding. "Mom and Dad gave this to Gareth a few days before they died, and he wore it during his Games. His Mentor sent it back a week after they finished, but I never bothered to tell you. I thought…you would want to have it." The charm hanging from the chain was small, slender and thinned out to be no thicker than a fingernail; tiny numbers were carved into the piece in an order that looked like a date or code. "I never managed to find out what the numbers stood for," Bran said sadly, "But it could be your token for the Games." "Thank you Bran." The two hugged, with Marigold in between them as her little brother tried to stifle his tears. "I'm sorry," were last words she heard him whisper before being dragged off, with Marigold screaming in the arms of another Peacekeeper. So that concludes the first chapter, I hope you enjoyed it! I already have the next one done but I like to write the future ones in advance and time out when to post them, so be expecting that sometime soon. I've been contemplating this idea of the whole Hunger Games turned wolf style for a while, and I wanted to test it out and see how well it did, so please feel free to leave a review saying what you thought and I'll be sure to read them. Also, favorite and follow if you don't mind! I'd really appreciate it. Note: The pronunciation of my character's name is Far-ah, just in case anyone got confused, but you can read it any way you want, I'm not about to stop you. In addition, I'm trying to stick as closely to the original book as possible, while also adding a few little twists, but it would really benefit me if some of you mentioned when I got something wrong, or missed something. I appreciate anyone who took the time to read this first chapter, and hope to be hearing from you guys soon!