helping out folks around the area, and he wanted to meet "this Mrs. Everdeen, that I keep hearing about", Mama does so well with hiding her emotions, but I could tell she was flattered by the compliment. She's been called to deliver 5 babies and has had to clean and stitch up more than a few farming injuries. Her Father is a doctor in Iowa and before she married Papa, she used to help out in his small clinic, she has no official training only a few medical books her Father had given her and the experience not to flinch or get wheezy when presented with blood and injuries. Which made her the next best thing to a doctor to a lot of folks. I saw that Prim was sitting near the front next to another little girl they were quietly chatting, probably exchanging names. Miss. Twill came in and rapped the desk with her ruler to call attention. She had everyone begin by saying their name and what reader they were in. The little girl next to Prim was named Rue Thresh, I recognized the name, they have a farm about 5 miles east of us, Rue's older sister Willa was a few years older than me, she stopped going to school when she was around 10, some of her family had gotten real sick, and she was needed at home. Mama had been called out, when Mrs. Thresh and three of their children had rashes and high fevers. Mama said that it was the scarlet fever. Mama had some burdock root that she brought them to try to purify their blood, Mrs. Thresh and their three year old Samson got better, but William Thresh, their third son, had passed away. Willa had never come back to school, the older sons still came occasionally, but were often absent. The girl in front of me spoke to the teacher with a sugary voice, "Delly Cartwright, reader 4." I feel myself smirk, but quickly correct my features, it's wrong to feel boastful, but I can't help but hold my head up proudly as I say, "Katniss Everdeen, reader 5". Reader 5 was the last level taught on this level, once I start reader 6 I'd be upstairs, while she stayed downstairs. Madge Undersee and Clove Paylor were the only other students in reader 5. I breathe a sigh of relief when I notice that Prim seems caught up to the other girls her age, Mama had done well with her home schooling. When recess came both classes went outside, the boys assemble and start playing crack the whip. Gale calls over to me, "Come and join, Catn-" He starts to call me Catnip but stops short at the glare I send him. "Aw, girls can't play," An older boy scoffs. "She can play," Gale says loudly, standing up for me. It seems that everyone is staring at me and I feel my face heat up, I quickly say, "I don't want to play." I would have really preferred to play the boys game but I didn't want to draw even more attention to myself and none of the other girls were playing, so I joined a group of girls that were playing hopscotch. Mid-way through recess Delly threw a fit when someone pointed out that she had stepped on a line. "I absolutely did not!" She had fumed. The hopscotch court had been drawn in the dirt and Madge pointed out that she had smudged the line when she stepped on it. "What do I care about this silly game," She then said, sticking her nose in the air, "I wouldn't want to appear tomboyish." Delly promptly left the game and sat on the school steps for the remainder of recess. On the way home I complained to Gale about Delly. "She thinks she so much better," I scoffed, "Called me a 'country girl'." "You are a country girl," Prim said from behind us. I huff, "It was the way she said it. Like it was something terrible." "I wish we didn't have to go in town… I don't wanna be in school with those townies, they all think they're better than us," Gale said, stuffing his hands in his pockets. "Not all of them," Prim piped up again from behind us, "Rue and I were talking to Venia Paylor, she seemed nice." "Well, I miss the days before the railroad came… and all the townies that came with it," Gale said, "Those Mellark boys are always acting so high and mighty." I looked over at him surprised, "They always seemed nice whenever we'd go into their store… It's Mrs. Mellark that's a-" I stop myself short, not wanting to say anything unkind or rude about a grown-up. "The youngest Peeta is always so nice," Prim said, "He always smiles and says hello whenever he sees us." Gale looked sour and his brow furrowed as he kicked at a clump of dirt. "What's the matter?" I asked teasingly, "Jealous? Did Ed out shine you in their lessons?" Ed Mellark, I believe, was the same age as Gale and might even be in the same reader as him. Gale scoffed, "Like lessons really matter." "Well I think that they're nice," Prim said, matter-of-factly. "You should both stay away from the townies," Gale said firmly, "I saw you talkin' to the doctor's daughter, Catnip… You ought to stick with the Leevy girl." I turned back to look at Prim and I rolled my eyes and made a face, causing her to giggle and Vick and Rory to laugh. Gale didn't say anything more, except for a muttered "Bye," when we parted ways. A/N: Hope you enjoyed the beginning. I've been working on this story for months (after stumbling upon my old 'Little House' books, which I honestly can't even count how many time I read them when I was little). Next chapter should be up soon and then I'll try to update regularly.