over and closes her eyes. I frown at the back of her head for a moment before I get up and try to get some sleep. I spend the rest of the day lost in thought by the lake. Around dusk I crawl under the fence and make my way back to the Victor's Village. I focus on the puffs of coal dust that my boots create as I walk through the Seam and into Town, unwilling to meet anyone's eyes. I pass the bakery and my mind drifts to Peeta again. I sigh. Haymitch is right; I have to talk to him soon. We can't just pretend the other doesn't exist anymore, it will make the Capitol suspicious and to say Snow isn't happy with us to begin with is an understatement. I can't help but think about how unfair the entire situation is. I have to pretend to be in love with Peeta and he has watch me act out his greatest desire only to be let down in the end. Because that's all I can do: let him down. By the time I reach the Victor's Village it is almost dark and I know Prim will be worried. As I walk up the steps to my house I chance a glance across the street. The windows in his house are dark except for one. I can see his silhouette against the dim light from a second-story window. Before I can process what I am doing, I am already across the street and walking up the wooden steps of his porch. I slowly climb the last steps and take a deep breathe before I knock on Peeta's front door. I don't know what I'm going to say to him. We developed a strange bond during our time in the Games, an intense trust, and I know I've betrayed it these last two weeks. He opens the door, his blue eyes bright against the dark backdrop of his empty house. His hair is messy and there are large bags under his eyes, ones that probably match my own. He doesn't smile at me. "Katniss," it's more a statement than a question. "Hey," I respond lamely. Peeta looks past my shoulder to see if anyone is behind me. Maybe he thinks Haymitch dragged me here, which is kind of true. "What are you doing here?" he asks softly. The question isn't meant to sound harsh but his words have a stinging effect. "I…" I clutch my empty game bag as if it holds the answer he wants. I wish it did. "Prim wanted me to check on you," I tell him. This is a lie. Haymitch wanted me to check on Peeta. Hell, I wanted to check on Peeta. Prim would be angry with me if she knew I used this excuse. I could tell this is not the answer Peeta wanted. His face drops for a split second, betraying his emotions. Quickly he gathers himself and crosses his arms over his chest as he leans against the door. Anyone else would be convinced of his ambivalence but I know better. "That's nice of Prim, but she doesn't have to worry." The look on his face is cold and his jaw is set into a severe line. The expression doesn't reach his eyes, though, which are tired and sad. "If that's all you came here for, it's getting late and I have things that need to be taken care of before nightfall," he says, pausing only for a second. "Goodnight, Katniss." It's the most callous Peeta has ever been to me and I hate it. I hate that this is what it's become, knowing I've done it. "Wait!" I shout, before he can close the door in my face. Peeta turns around and looks at me. As much as I don't like being puppets of the Capital and Snow, it's in everyone's best interest if Peeta and I are a convincing couple. For that to happen we need to be on speaking terms. "I'm sorry," I almost whisper, and I realize that I truly mean it. I'm sorry for deceiving him. I'm sorry for pretending he didn't exist. I'm sorry for not talking to him sooner. Unmoved, he stares at me. "I'm sorry for ignoring you. I…needed time." He isn't impressed. "To think", I offer. "To think about what?" "About us. About The Hunger Games. About what it all meant." There hasn't been a day where thoughts of the Hunger Games don't invade my mind. I think about Rue and her beautiful little face encased in flowers. I think about Foxface and the nightlock berries that stained her lips. I think about Cato's screams as he is torn apart by the mutts. All of these memories fill my dreams and I jolt awake at night, terrified, thinking I am still in the arena. I think of Peeta, too. I think about Peeta more than I'd like to admit. "And what did you decide?" he asks me. "I decided that I miss you." I whisper softly. "As a friend," I quickly add. I can't let him get the wrong idea again. If we do this now, we are going to be honest with one another. "I miss you too," he whispers. He doesn't clarify the "friend" part. It's always been more for him and the look in his eyes only confirms it. I don't know what else to say. It's strange enough I admitted this to Peeta and I want to go home. I stand my ground though. It's his move now. "Does this mean we should be friends?" He asks slowly, prodding. "I think so." I think of Haymitch. He'll be happy I accomplished this small feat. "Me too, Katniss." With that he gives me a small smile, a peace offering, and he closes the door. I stand there for a few moments, unsure of what just happened. I collect myself and walk across the street back to my house.