sea. He doesn't really see us. Or maybe he's ignoring our shared noise. I suddenly feel bad. We're practically on his front path. Finnick is an object of many, many girls' affection tonight, and eventually he looks, to their delight. Just a fleeting look, and then he turns, enters a gate and disappears. Marina squeezes my forearm. "What a man." Everybody stopped referring to Finnick as a boy years ago, even though he's still young. Paddy and Will join us, looking unimpressed. I think it's about Finnick, at first, until Paddy sighs and points behind them. Jesse stands on a raised platform, a stage of sorts. A few musicians watch him wearily as they tune their instruments, and Jesse pretends he doesn't notice. He flexes and I almost gag. He's showing off his muscles to a crowd of younger girls on the beach. Calliope is there, swooning. Marina gapes, but for a different reason than Finnick. "Stupid boy." He's a year younger than Finnick, Jesse is. But he's childish and immature. A boy. Marina looks down on him. We walk over for some reason. I think Marina wants to rescue Calliope, who really shouldn't be out so late. I see her yawn. Two seconds later she's being grabbed by Marina. Normally she doesn't curse but today she does, and it grabs Jesse's attention. He pauses, looking over at us. His t-shirt sleeves are rolled up to his elbows. "Oh," he says. "You guys." "Shut up, Jesse." Marina grits her teeth. She doesn't look at him. "You're such a tool." Jesse laughs. I love his laugh, but I should hate it. "Just having a bit of fun. Right, boys?" he says, looking innocent. He tries to be striking, but he doesn't have any natural charm to back him up. I think of Finnick. "Right," Paddy says. Marina and Will glare at him. Jesse looks at me. I feel small under his gaze and he knows it. He cocks his head. "Annie Cresta." I don't say anything. I might have done, but what he says next surprises me into silence. "I know your brother," he says. You chipped his tooth, I think. But he says, "He's great with a spear." I freeze. "What?" My brother has never been near a spear in his life. I would know. "I said," he says, jumping off the platform, "he's great with a spear. Amongst other things." "How..." I shake my head. I don't believe him. "Annie," Will says gently, holding my wrist. "He wouldn't," I say, scowling. He wouldn't. I repeat it in my head. Jesse rolls his eyes. "I let him in myself. Don't act so surprised. He wouldn't get those arms from working with Dad." He's thin, my brother. But he has some muscles, and I always assumed it was because he's my father's apprentice, not because he was sneaking off to secret training. I shove Jesse and spin around. I'm running, and somebody's coming after me, but I don't stop. There's only one purpose behind these training sessions. To volunteer. It takes me a while to reach my home. I slow down, breathing hard and heavy. Nobody is behind me. Whoever tried to follow me gave up clearly, and I'm happy. I don't want anybody to see me looking so pathetic. My front door broke years ago. For anybody else it looks secure and locked shut. But I know that if you kick it gently a few times it'll open as though you've turned a key through the useless lock. Inside, I press the door closed, and should anybody venture past at this time, they'd see it as they normally do. I walk quietly even though my family are a family of heavy sleepers. Our stairs, wooden and light blue, creak with each step, no matter how careful I am. There is one window in the hallway. I can see the dark sky and the bright stars and for a second I allow myself to get lost in the beauty. Then my heavy eyelids remind me that it's dark, I'm exhausted and I have a big day tomorrow, no matter the income. It's never easy. I creep past my parents' room and see, through the crack in the door, that they don't hold each other as they sleep. My mother faces the wall, my father faces her back. I'm not surprised. I don't pretend my family are happy. It doesn't matter who claims forgiveness. I can see beyond that. My brother's door is wide open. Possibly my mother came to check on him and didn't bother to shut it. Anyhow, I can see him. He snores softly, his hand wrapped under his pillow and his foot hanging off the side of his bed. His hair looks messier as I approach him; it takes years off him. I can remember him when he was young, looking up to boys like Jesse and Finnick and calling them his heroes. I can't bear to look at him. If I do, I might not be able to hold in my emotion. And I'm usually good at that. So I leave, the floor creaking and almost giving me away. But I have bigger things to worry about. My room is cold now and I take an extra blanket from the closet across the hall. I take about two steps in all, and then I'm on my bed, slipping off my clothes and wrapping myself in one, two, three blankets. My eyes hurt, I'm so tired. But for a while I lay awake, staring out the window, blinking away tears. Less than twenty-four hours, I think. My brother is only one room away. I don't want to think about him, or what he thought before he fell asleep. I close my eyes. It's a night full of decisions, I decide. When I finally drift away, I dream of the sea. A/N Whew! This is the longest a first chapter of mine has ever been. I hope you enjoyed!