seen before, each strand of my hair was neatly tangled with another, I had silver eyeshadow making me look more mature and...stronger, bolder, i was wearing a shiny white suit that almost felt like a second skin and white long boots that came up under my knee. I walked over to Peeta who wore a white glossy suit like me and white long boots. When i came over, he stared at me with he's eyebrows furrowed and then realization struck him. "I almost didn't recognize you for a moment." I smiled. We both climbed on the carriage that was pulled by horses. And then...it started. The carriages went, one by one, one after another. There was more than thousand of people, all screaming, yelling, cheering, waving. It was an eye-catching crowd. Were we ? Was I ? My heart was thumping hard in my chest and then Peeta suddenly slid his hand in mine, I instantly pulled my hand away. "Come on, they'll love it." I really didn't want to hold his hand, not in a situation like this or any other situation. But we had to. He held my hand and we both lifted our tangled fingers up to the sky. The crowd roared. I saw on the red flags my own face close-up. Knowing that everyone could see it, I felt embarrassed. And as our arms was still up in the air...we went on fire. Flames appeared behind our backs, burning proudly, forming wings of fire. I was amazed by my burning wings, my wings of fire, brightly burning. Flashback: "This fire is not real, it was an experiment and it came out perfect." He said looking at the flame. "It looks pretty real to me." Had said Peeta who was staring at the little flame on the end of the stick. "That's the point. Don't worry, you won't feel a thing, trust me. I'll press this button when the time is right and your suit will burn bright. Don't be scared and go running off, okay ? That would be really bad." Said Cinna, now smiling. "Yes." I said, smiling and laughing internally. End of flashback He was right, the flame didn't hurt one bit. As the flames burst out it took the form of wings, the crowd half screamed and half roared in excitement and in shock. The carriage circled around a statue and then when we all stopped...i saw President Snow. He was standing on a balcony, looking down at us, looking down at me. I didn't listen to anything that was said from whoever. I was sweating, stressing, trembling nervously and so, I escaped in my refuge, my mind. I thought about Katniss. Was she okay ? Did she see me ? What did think ? What must have popped in her mind as she saw me, so different ? How did she feel as she watched me ? I wanted to know. But more than that, I wanted to see her. I wanted to go home. A tear then slipped down my cheek. After president Snow's speech, we all climbed down the carriages and both Haymitch and Effie came to fetch us. He was congratulating us (in his own way) but then I stopped listening when i felt a burning gaze directed right at me. I slowly turned and locked my eyes with his. I froze under his stare. He glared at me at first with a hateful face but then his lips curled up and he smirked. A shiver ran up my spine. Haymitch who must have followed my gaze, put a hand on my shoulder and led me to the elevator. I could still feel his eyes on me. He looked dangerous. He was dangerous, I felt it, I could SEE it. He seemed to be someone so out of control that you couldn't stop him. A caged lion. He was scary. His eyes were burning, not literally but they were. A part of me was scared, another was intrigued and there was something else but I couldn't figure out what. He looked so angry, hateful, that I had petrified on the spot. And then his face softened but it still looked as much dangerous and...devilish ? Later on, we all sat on a white couch, looking at a big television where they showed the reaping of all the tributes that are now here. I didn't memorize all of them but only a few. There was Rue, a girl who looked my age, to my surprise. I wasn't the only one. I wasn't alone. Her district partner was Tresh. They both had chocolate skin, like Cinna and curly hair. Then there was Glimmer, who was good with the bow...just like Katniss. She had blonde hair that reminded me of mom and she had pale skin. She was so pretty. I didn't remember her district partner. I searched in my memory and the face of a very thin girl popped in my head. She had red, carrot hair and a really slim figure. Haymitch says that she is so agile, nobody hears her coming. I didn't remember her name. There was Clove, a girl with sleek black hair braided in the back of her head, she was extremely good with knifes. She was smaller than the other female tributes here besides Rue and me who were even smaller. And her partner was...Cato. He was a career just like Clove, Glimmer and other tributes. A person that was trained to kill since he was little. I couldn't imagine what it felt like. Haymitch thought us every thing that we are supposed to do and not to do. We were going to train for the rest of the days until it was time. The reason i was nervous was because we would train with all the other tributes. With the careers. "You can't show them what you're good at." "Why ?" Asked Peeta. "Because they'll use it against you and make it your weakness.