settled her head on his chest. "Do you still feel cold?" Peeta asked, his voice vibrating in Katniss' ears through his chest. Katniss fought the urge to sigh. She looked up at him, meeting his eyes. "No." Katniss said in a whisper, entranced by the pools of clear blue fixed on her intensely. She unconsciously licked her lips. Peeta looked at Katniss' eyes, mesmerized at the mercury orbs glowing. He was entranced when Katniss licked her lips. God, how he wanted to take those pink lips in his own just to know if they would taste as sweet as he imagined. "Katniss..." Their lips touched. Both stayed still, as if they were making sure this moment is real and not just a figment of imagination they always thought of in all these years. All of a sudden, they moved. It didn't matter who did it first. All they were aware of was the softness and the warmth of each other as their lips danced slowly against each other. Peeta couldn't be any happier as he raised his hands to Katniss' neck, deepening their kiss. They both moaned as the kiss deepened, trying to seeking fulfillment. Katniss felt that warm sensation spreading through her body. Her hands gripped on Peeta's shoulder tightly, not wanting to let go. It felt like a lifetime passed through them when their lips parted, still locked in a loose embrace. Both stared at each other, breathless, faces flushed, their eyes shining with newfound passion. Katniss licked her lips, trying to capture Peeta's taste. A part of her brain just clicked. I kissed Peeta. She raised her fingers to her swollen lips. I kissed Peeta Mellark. I just kissed my best friend! Peeta saw panic spread in Katniss' face. He held onto her shoulders. "Katniss..." Katniss avoided his eyes. "I... uh..." She couldn't say anything. Her heart pounded painfully in her chest, as if it would explode. Peeta squeezed on her shoulders. She looked up to him, her eyes brimming with confusion. "Katniss. This is not how I imagined saying this but..." He breathed in deeply before pouring out his words. "I love you." Katniss looked back at him, feeling the intensity of his words through his eyes. Peeta continued. "I have loved you for the past twelve years." Peeta sat on the bar stool and gulped down his whiskey. It had been a week since Katniss got up and ran away from him that night, leaving him without a single word. He felt his heart squeeze painfully again at the thought of her. I shouldn't have acted on my feelings. I knew she would run away from me, but I still forced myself on her. Peeta's mind raced. He hung his forehead on the counter. "You shouldn't drink if you're having problems with a woman. Trust me, it doesn't help." Peeta raised his head to look at the stranger who sat beside him. The man looked a bit cocky, a smile plastered on his face. He gestured to the bartender. "On the rocks. Two, please." He turned to Peeta again. The bartender came back with two glasses. The man slid the other glass to him. Peeta looked at him suspiciously. "You just said I shouldn't drink." Peeta held the glass. "Besides, what made you think I'm having problems with a woman?" "That drink is for you to stay long enough to listen to my advice." The man smiled and slid his hands through his bronze hair, green eyes twinkling mischievously. "I noticed some ladies trying a bit too hard to catch your attention and you were just there, staring off into space with a ridiculously sad expression on your face." This guy seems to have an ego as big as his mouth. Peeta thought. "I hate being rude, but I'll pass on your 'advice'." Peeta attempted to stand up but the man continued. "She'll realize she's in love with you too. Took her a long time to figure out, but she did. She might show up out of nowhere and declare her feelings. When that happens, don't fuck it up." Said the man. He took a swig off his drink. Peeta's eyebrows bunched up at the man's words. Peeta grabbed his glass and downed it in one go. He placed the glass on the bar counter. "I don't know who you are, but thanks for the drink." "Name's Finnick. Now you know me. Go get your lady and thank me sometime. I'd appreciate a glass of whiskey." Peeta ran out of the bar, Finnick's words giving him a boost of hope. As he walked towards his house, Peeta saw Katniss sitting by the steps. His chest heaved as he approached her. Katniss saw him approaching. Peeta stopped just right in front of her. "Peeta." Katniss smelled alcohol emanating from him. "Did you drink?" "Just a couple of glasses." Peeta looked at her. Katniss' eyes were glassy as she stared up at him. "Why are you here?" Katniss silenced him by meeting his lips. She wrapped her arms around his neck. Peeta was surprised but wrapped his arms around her and returned the kiss. Katniss broke off their kiss and looked at Peeta. "I'm sorry." She said apologetically. Peeta shook his head. "I'm the one who should be sorry. I was a coward. I didn't know how to tell you. I was scared of losing you so I chose to be silent. I-" Katniss placed her finger on his lips, shushing him. "Shut up." Katniss gave him a small peck on the lips. "We have all the time to make it up to each other." Katniss then grabbed both of Peeta's hands and placed them on her waist. She then held onto his neck, her chest pressing onto his as she whispered in his ear. "We have a lot of catching up to do." Let's be friends on tumblr: biopolarism dot tumblr dot com. I love meeting new people :) Reviews and PMs make my day. :D