tremble, tears leaking out of my eyes. "but you have promises to keep Liliana. To us all." "I know, I know." I whimpered before the small frame of Lucifer crashed into me and I hugged him tight. "Hey, Lucy." I whispered to him. "I will miss you, Lily!" He looked up at me with those big eyes and freckled nose. "Why do you have to go?" I stilled before enfolding him into a hug. "They said I have to. And everyone is so confidant that I can do it that no one volunteered. Now I can't just let them down now can I?" I babied him and it was more for myself but no matter. I patted his head as Michael came in and gave me another hug. "Dont do anything stupid. I will offer as much help out here as I can." He patted me head and shoved his necktie into my back pocket in the process of a hug. "I am already so done with the games." My voice was weak and Mrs. Costis was sobbing and Sarah was too. It seemed to hurt people more than me. "They need to leave now." A peacekeeper repeated softly and I looked pleadingly at him. "Dont do this the hard way." I hung my head and nodded sadly. "Messenger," I paused for a second and he turned and pressed his lips to mine for maybe the last time. "Come back for next spring, flower." He whispered and left. I plopped down onto the black chair and wailed. Hot tears flowed down my cheeks and the train "My, My, My." I looked up and saw our escort there with some guy that I recognized as my mentor. I shut up and stopped sniffling immediately. "Sweetie, it's okay!" She came over and helped me up. "Let me escort you around." She showed me around and chattered aimlessly. Levi came in, led by someone who appeared to be a mentor. For once I decided to take him in appearance wise. An angular face that held a good amount of scruff and a long, straight nose in between two diamond shaped brown eyes. Tall, a little lanky. He was wearing what looked like a sweater and some nice jeans and flip flops. "So this is our female tribute." He walked around me and shoved me to where I stood my ground and hissed at him, baring my teeth to where Levi backed up a bit. "Oh, you bite?" "Careful Johannes." Levi's voice called out, a deep voice that was like a fox's growl. "Bitch has given some guys scars." I turned to him where he smirked at me. "The hell did you call me?" I hissed between clenched teeth. "You heard me." "The hell I did!" I shouted before pouncing and digging my nails into his shoulders while he floundered. I drew my fist back to hit him while he banged onto the floor. Right before I was about to let into his face I was dragged back into another couch and Johannes was standing right in front of me. "I asked you a question." He turned around to Levi, "And you need to keep your damn mouth shut!" He rubbed his temples and held out his forearm in front of my face. The skin was a pale bronze and it looked like The Capitol removed all the hair from it. "Bite me as hard as you can." "Wha-" "Just do it. I'm trying to figure something out." he snapped at me and looked away as I took it gingerly in my hands. "You might want to sit down for this," I instructed and brought it to my lips before baring my teeth and biting down on his flesh. Teeth grinded back and forth as I could hear him groan and curse. I bit down harder as my jaw started to ache and the small scent of blood was recognized. I let up a bit and sucked in air before biting down again and this time blood trickled into my mouth. I bit down harder and harder as I heard my mentors cries in pain and i could tell that maybe I was going to far. Someone shouted and I could feel a warm trickle start down from the corner of my mouth. I groaned into his arm as I tore into the flesh and curled my nails into it. The blood kept coming and only intensified when I bit past what I think was the final skin layer and into muscle. "Son of a bitch, Lily!" I heard Levi's cry as I was pulled from the couch. Johannes was smiling down at me as I gazed at him in shock and apologized to him profusely. "What the hell was that?" The ground was unsteady under my feet. What had I done? "That was fantastic, Lily." He patted me on the shoulder and I looked at him as he fished a handkerchief out of his pocket and wipe at my face. I apologized still. "Don't apologize to me." "That was awful though!" I cried out and shook my head, braid swaying quickly behind me. "In case you haven't noticed," he suddenly became angry. "You're in the games now!" And he held up his bleeding arm. "There is only room for awful things! You need to do things like this to win! If you wanna come out alive, you have to be awful!" I nodded and he calmed down. "Now sit down and eat something, you look like you're about to starve." I nodded again and sat down. Some chicken and potatoes were served to me and I ate until my food was gone. I drank some milk and ate sweets before taking a sedative that would wake me up when we got there. I went to my room and kicked off my shoes and didn't even bothering to climb under the covers before I fell asleep to the sound of rain hitting the widow.