any longer. He hummed as he drove towards the deserted area on the other side of the lake. Peeta gazed at the beautiful moonlight seeping through the clouds. It casted a shimmering silver on the water which reminded him of Katniss' eyes. He smiled. A dull thud came from the back of his van, followed by a muffled screaming. Peeta's smile grew wider at the sound. Tonight's fun will be much different. Peeta parked behind the dark trees and pulled a flashlight. He opened the van's rear to pull out the woman he abducted a few hours ago. She struggled weakly in his grasp, her hands and feet tightly bound with duct tape and her mouth gagged shut. Peeta dragged the woman to the lake's edge, illuminated by the van's headlights. The woman's eyes widened in fear as he dropped her on the deep part of the lake. Peeta grasped her hair and held her down the water's surface for what seemed like eternity before pulling her head out, body still submerged in the cold lake. Peeta felt an extreme rush surge through his body as he stared at the woman, now pale and shaking from the cold water and the lack of air. He removed the gag on her mouth as he looked at her in a mesmerized manner. "So beautiful..." Peeta murmured as the woman took desperate gulps. He felt that twitch in his groin again. The woman stared up at him with bleak eyes. "Please... Don't... Kill me..." the woman pleaded hoarsely. Peeta cocked his head and smiled crazily at the woman. "I won't... If you prove you're as strong as her." His face blanked as he pushed her down the water once more, riding the delicious high coursing through his veins by watching the woman struggle underneath his grasp, air bubbling up the surface as she fought for air. After a few ten minutes, Peeta felt the woman become limp under his grasp. He pulled her unconscious body out of the water and stood above her. The high was too much for Peeta to take. Peeta spun around to get his axe from the van, but he froze, blood draining from his face. Katniss stepped in front of the headlights, her silhouette outlined by the bright lights. Peeta gulped as Katniss approached him, taking slow steps. He wasn't sure if she was only a figment of his deranged imagination. "Peeta. I'm sorry." Katniss whispered. She stopped right in front of him and looked straight into his eyes, recognition reflecting from her silver orbs. Peeta felt like his chest would explode as he stood frozen, unable to move a single muscle. Katniss walked past Peeta and went straight behind him. She gazed at the woman lying at her feet. The woman moaned incoherently. Her eyes opened, glassy and unfocused. Katniss looked back at Peeta with an unreadable expression on her face. "Peeta. Why?" Katniss asked him, concern laced in her voice. Peeta felt guilt pool in his stomach as he hung his head down in shame. "I don't know why. All I know is that I had to do it. Otherwise…" Katniss rushed towards Peeta and cradled his face in her hands for a few moments, silencing him. Her face was full of mixed emotions as they stared at each other's eyes. Katniss didn't say a single word when she dropped her hands and ran towards the van. Peeta's eyes widened when Katniss emerged, axe clutched tightly in her right hand. She walked determinedly towards the woman who was now slowly crawling on the ground. Katniss kneeled down and raised the axe high in her grasp before Peeta stopped her, gripping on her right wrist. "What are you doing Katniss?" Peeta questioned, pulling her up. His heart pounded nervously as Katniss remained silent. Her face showed determination as she opened her lips to speak. "I'm saving you. I'll take care of this." Katniss gestured towards the woman before brushing her fingers on Peeta's face, planting a soft peck on his lips. "I'll take care of you. Now go, run." Peeta stood by and watched as Katniss struck the woman's head with the axe, coating her hands with blood once more. Katniss emerged from the gated confines of the prison compound with nothing but a small bag and a proud look on her face. Two years ago, Katniss surrendered herself to the Panem authorities, claiming responsibility for the Seam Killer's crimes. She caused a major uproar in the community upon her arrest. She lost everything that day; her title, her job, her friends and family, and her dignity, but she gained something in return. Today, she was released much to the dismay of the public. The evidence on all the cases was too weak to pinpoint her as the Seam Killer, or anyone else for that matter. She also maintained a good profile whilst inside prison, which made it easier for her. She walked on the deserted road for an hour before she saw him standing on the side of the road. Peeta waited patiently, his hands tucked in the pocket of his jeans. Katniss smiled as she approached him. Peeta smiled back. "Two years." Peeta whispered as he took hold of Katniss' hands. "Two years." Katniss whispered back. They started to walk slowly for hours in silence, hands clasped together. Their eyes would meet frequently with tiny smiles creeping on their lips. The sun was already descending when a car stopped beside them. The windows rolled down to reveal a middle-aged woman. "You guys want a ride?" Peeta and Katniss smirked mysteriously at each other before entering the car. The games have only just begun. Thanks for reading! Note: I know I haven't updated "In All These Changes" yet, and I am so sorry. Real life caught up to me and now I am swamped with a lot of things. I hope I could post the next chapter by August. This is it for now. *scratches head*