hers and exhale. She looks unbelievably beautiful. She looks flawless as if she was not even mentally damaged. "Annie I need to ask you something and you have to tell me the truth no matter what the answer is. Did someone hurt you will I was gone, someone from the capital?" "What? Of course not! Why would you think that?" Annie seemed puzzled. No one laid a hand on her while I was away. How did that stupid bird get her voice wailing then? "It doesn't matter. I just missed you so much while I was gone. Tell me what have you been up to while I was away?" "I missed you so much Finnick. I haven't been up to much lately just helping my parents with the nets and I've been over to your place a lot." She smiles and I can't help but smile back "My place? What were you doing there?" "I watched most of the game with your parents. I didn't want them to watch it alone." She looked at me with an innocent look. "That's the only reason?" I give her a raised eyebrow. "Fine, I may have slipped into your room now and then. I needed to physically touch something that made me think of you. Especially on day three when that girl from district one, Valour I think, got too close. I thought for sure that you would…" She drifted off. "I remember that. How could I forget the most painful thing I have ever experienced? My prep team wasn't able to hid that scar. It cut too deep for them to be able to hid it fully." It was on my third day in the arena when I was by myself, without any allies and without my trident. She had come out of no where while I was trying to find food. I tried to move out of the way but I wasn't fast enough and she struck me in the lower left abdomen. I lifted my shirt and looked at it. Annie ran her pointer finger over the scar while a teary eye looked up at him. He couldn't handle her looking at him like this. "Hey Annie it's over. I won. This scar is nothing. Just a mere reminder of what happened. But I'm safe now and I never have to go back to that arena." He pulled her into an embrace and softly swayed her back and forth while she sobbed. "I'm sorry I shouldn't be crying but I can't help it. I just thought that I would never see you again. But you're here now. You're safe and alive. That's more than I've ever dreamt of." .o0o. Days pass as Annie and I go walk down to the beach spending time sitting on the warm sand and swimming. We walk and talk about how school has been since I have been gone and how Annie's parents have increased their business. I steal kisses when she least expects me to and tell her that I love her every chance I get. We do anything and everything we can think of to just spend time with each other. The days are full of life and are long, but the nights are twice as long and filled with visions of death of fallen tributes. I awake several times in the night screaming for them to forgive me. I awake begging for Annie to love me even though I am not the innocent boy from before the games. I can't sleep. I haven't slept in days when I finally resolve to just go to the beach. It is at least 3:30 in the morning and the sun hasn't started rising yet. I sit on the sand, pulling my knees to my chest. I watch the waves of the ocean in the distance grow in size during high tide. "What are you doing out here? It is nearly 4 in the morning!" My mother must have followed me from the house. "I can't sleep." She sits down beside me and puts her arm around me. I lean my head on her shoulder. "I am so proud of you Finnick. The capitol should have never made you go into that arena in the first place, but you came out. It doesn't matter what you did in there. All that matters now is that you are back where you belong." "It doesn't matter what I did in there? I killed people mom. Several people. And the games aren't over. They'll never be over." I am just a piece to Snow's game. I will only ever be a piece. A piece he can use and move wherever he wants to. "That may be true. But you have to remember that it was the capital that made you kill those people. It was either you or them and you did what any normal person would do. I know it's hard and I know you don't think that I understand. But you are much bigger than any of this. You are greater than all of this." My mother gives me a hug and pulls us up to our feet. We start walking towards our house when she says "And because you are now a victor we get to move into the victor's village." My parents and I start packing up boxes filled with our things and bring them over to the village. We didn't have that many possessions so it only took us all three trips to move everything. Our new house is across the street from Mag's home that looked out to a secluded beach that I can see from my bedroom window. My family moves into the Victor's village across the street from Mags, which has a secluded beach that I can see from my bedroom window. Annie and I help my parents move everything in and decorate it. It's starting to feel like home. I could get used to this. I could live here forever.