in one piece." "Oh. So if she's still on the market, then I can snag a date with her." Haymitch bristled. Though he didn't know why, this guy's thought process made Haymitch's old killer instinct shove itself into view. "You most certainly can't snag a date with Effie! She's not your property." "Ah, okay. So you like her?" "No, I don't, but I'm not having her date you! Just call her back here!" The attendant smirked and said "Effie Trinket, your boyfriend is waiting in the gift shop for you. Repeat, Effie Trinket." The loudspeaker stayed on long enough for the whole park to hear Haymitch say "She's not my girlfriend!" "You like her, though!" The attendant's voice was amused now and it was prickling Haymitch. "No, I don't!" Haymitch yelled, then softened his voice. "You can't tell anyone, least of all her, that I love her. That's why she's not going to go out with you. Effie is the best thing that ever happened to this place." As he spoke, Haymitch realised something. He didn't hate everything about Effie at all. He called it hate because the emotion in it was so strong, but now, with the thought of losing her to another man in his mind, he was forced to come to terms with it. He loved the strong-willed, sensitive, kind-hearted and extravagant Effie Trinket. "Okay, okay. That's nice, man." Haymitch's eyes fell on the loudspeaker microphone and saw the bright red light. Everyone in the park heard him shout "Is that thing still on? How many people heard that?" Meanwhile, Effie was running madly toward the reception, not caring that she was sweating under the hot sun or that she ran like a broken marionette. The only thing she cared about was Haymitch. She rushed right into the gift shop and smiled, gasping quietly for air. "Hello. Haymitch, did you call for me?" "Yeah, I did. We're going home. Oh, and another thing." Haymitch faced her with a serious expression on his face. "Tell me." Effie smiled sweetly, hoping he'd tell her to her face that he liked her. " Never you dare run away like that again! You could have been murdered!" Haymitch's fury had become too much for Effie and she nodded. "I'm sorry, Haymitch. You just don't understand how hard it is to love someone and know that they hate you. Let's just go." On the way back to District Twelve, neither of them spoke. Effie was still upset because of how she felt about Haymitch and Haymitch was dealing with his new-found love for Effie. He decided that there was only one thing for it. "SURPRISE!" The cheer came from all directions as Effie walked in, faking the happiness they expected of her. She blushed, not out of surprise, pleasure or embarrassment, but purely how she'd learned to in escort training. She wanted to hide, but nobody picked up her misery. "Happy birthday, Effie!" "Oh, thank you, everyone! Haymitch, is this why you took me out today?" "It sure is, sweetheart. Happy birthday." He kissed her cheek, which made her misery ease up and her smile become more real. "Thank you so much! You're all darlings, each and every one of you!" The party began properly, dancing, some crazy jokes, food and drink and balloons everywhere. All Haymitch could think of was Effie as he watched her dance and laugh with everyone else. He wanted to be the one making her laugh, the one she was dancing with. Suddenly, the music cut off and the lights went dim. There was applause as two glowing candles appeared and cheers erupted. "Whoo! Cake time!" The voice belonged to none other than Johanna Mason, Haymitch noted as the applause rang out again. Haymitch, in the dim light, saw a masterpiece of a cake, clearly baked and decorated by Peeta. He had to admit that he was proud of him. Married to Katniss, at long last. He still had the mutt moments, but they were becoming less frequent. Haymitch believed that Peeta had suffered more than both Katniss and Haymitch put together, but Peeta was strong enough to fight it off. And Haymitch watched, feeling like an intruder as Katniss said "Make a wish!" and Effie blew the candles out, to more cheers and applause. Haymitch heard the guests singing, but couldn't make out the words. After that, the cake was cut and handed out, much to everyone's happiness. Haymitch decided that it couldn't wait any longer and he had to do something about his new obsession with Effie. He cut the music and walked right up to Effie. He stared at her for a moment, before saying "Look, princess, I know I haven't been the nicest guy in the world to you and you deserve far better. But do you know what? I don't care. In the past sixteen hours, something big changed. I don't know what, but now, I feel-" "Your heart has grown three sizes larger!" Johanna quipped, cutting Haymitch off. "Shut it, Mason!" Haymitch snapped, before looking back at Effie. "Look, princess, I didn't think I'd ever say this, but in the past sixteen hours, something has changed. And I realise now... I don't hate you. In fact... Effie Trinket, I love you and I'd give anything to spend the rest of my life with you. And I can't believe that I'm doing this, but I'm going down on my knees for you. Effie, you beautiful, kind woman, will you do me an eternal honour and become Mrs Abernathy?" Loud cheering erupted and Haymitch took hold of Effie's hand. Effie covered her mouth, shocked, happy tears welling in her eyes. She nodded and sobbed "Yes! Of course I will, yes!" All in all, it'd been a great day for them all. And a very happy birthday to my wonderful best friend! For anyone who likes Hayffie and has read this, go check out her profile! She's awesome! :D And for now, bye! x