complete pussy!" Madge roared at her husband, who was still unconscious and unable to hear. "To be fair, the pussy was kind of what freaked him out," Cato pointed out. "Not helping," Peeta said. He grabbed Gale's underarms and dragged him out of the way. "Does anyone have any idea how to deliver a baby?" "Something to do with towels?" asked Cato. "And hot water?" "Two things we don't have," Peeta pointed out. "I don't care if you two are gay, I'm spreading and I'm pushing!" Madge shouted. "I can't fucking bear this anymore!" Peeta rolled his eyes and fell to his knees in front of Madge. "I'm not repulsed by it, you know," he said, pushing her skirts up a little to have a better look at how far along she was. "I'm sure Cato's not either." "It's more that there's too much maintenance, you see," Cato explained, approaching Peeta and standing by his shoulder. "I don't know how straight guys cope." Madge screamed, her face turning red and sweat breaking out across her brow. "I'm gonna push!" she shouted. She squeezed her eyes shut and roared, so loud to beat out any sound she had ever made prior to that moment. Peeta winced and could almost feel it vibrating in his bones. Cato acted as an encourager of sorts, egging Madge on while Peeta sat and waited for it to happen. It was unlike anything he had ever witnessed before. He was literally watching life being created. Albeit it was messy and by the time it was all over, Peeta's ears were ringing and his hands were soaked in blood. Relief could not describe the expression that washed over Madge's face as the baby came out into Peeta's hands and immediately began to cry. Peeta stared at the tiny creature in his hands in awe. It was a boy. A tiny, little baby boy. "Give him to me," Madge whimpered, holding her hands out and sticking out her bottom lip. "Hold on," Cato said. He reached behind himself and yanked his shirt off, handing it to Peeta to wrap the child up in. Peeta wrapped the baby up and handed him over to Madge, who greedily grabbed him and held him against her chest. Apparently babies were relaxed by the sound of their mother's heartbeat. Cato nudged Gale with his foot. "Is he going to wake up?" "I don't know," said Peeta. He stood up and stepped back to stand beside Cato. They both stared at Madge, at the beautiful sight of her cradling her child and silently crying in happiness. Cato glanced at his watch. "Huh, would you look at that. It's 12:15am." "Christmas Day," Peeta mused. Cato slung his arm around Peeta's neck and pulled him closer. "Merry Christmas Peeta," he grinned. "And many more," Peeta beamed back. A little while later, Gale woke up and he and Madge spent ages huddled over their child. While they waited for an ambulance to come and collect them to check the baby over, Peeta and Cato gave them time alone and stood in the doorway of the barn. The star was still there, vivid in the night's sky, still without any companionship. "So, do you always deliver babies on your blind dates?" asked Cato. Peeta snorted. "No, I don't make a habit of it," he said. "Still think I'm one of those self-assured, ignorant jerks?" A small smile curled on Peeta's face. He couldn't help it. "I suppose not as much anymore," he admitted sheepishly. "You actually seem like . . . like a really cool guy." "And I suppose you're not so pretentious either," Cato grinned. Peeta looked at his feet. "This whole night has been so weird," he said. "Tell me about it," Cato laughed. Peeta couldn't meet Cato's eyes. Now that he knew how kind and genuine Cato actually was, he felt like a blushing school boy all over again. If he looked Cato in the eye, especially since Dominic-they decided to call their baby Dominic-was still wrapped up in Cato's shirt, then Peeta knew he'd blush and be completely unable to stop blushing until he was at home in bed. "Oh would you look at that." Peeta glanced at Cato through his hair and frowned when he saw the older man looking up. He looked up to see what Cato was looking at. Oh. Oh God. A piece of mistletoe hung from the top of the doorway. "Oh," Peeta said quietly. "What do you think we should"- Cato cupped Peeta's face and dragged him forward for a kiss. Peeta was surprised at first but he was so ecstatic about the fact that he was being kissed that he quickly accepted it and melted into it. His hands found Cato's hair and he threaded his fingers through the golden silky strands. He had to push up onto his tiptoes but the kiss was so overwhelmingly perfect and sweet at the exact same time that he almost couldn't bear it. "Sorry," Cato said shyly once he pulled back. He glanced at his feet nervously and scuffed his shoe against the snow. "I couldn't help it and . . . uh . . . kind of have been looking for an excuse to kiss you since Dominic was born." Peeta smiled weakly. "It's okay. I . . . I liked it." Once the ambulance took Gale, Madge and Dominic to the hospital, Cato and Peeta saw them off. "So . . . what do we do now?" Peeta asked. "Do you know where Madge keeps her spare keys?" asked Cato. "Yeah, under the flowerpots." Cato wound his arm around Peeta's waist and pressed a kiss onto the top of his head. "Do you think we could stop by and collect those festive underpants?" Peeta's face heated up but he smiled and nodded. "Yeah, I quite like that idea," he replied. Maybe Christmas wasn't that bad after all. A/N: Merry Christmas everyone! And a happy New Year! ^_^