burned like hot coals and he felt like he'd swallowed a hamster. "See what?" he spluttered. "You know what," Cato said firmly. Peeta busied himself with the old sheet music they were planning to toss out. "Do you?" he threw back, mainly so that he didn't have to answer it himself. "It depends on how you would react if I said that I did or didn't," Cato honestly replied. "I don't understand." "Well, are you gay?" Peeta blushed. "I-I-I"- "It's not a trick question," Cato had teased, smirking this sexy grin that made Peeta more flustered. Peeta breathed in and nodded, slightly afraid of how Cato was going to react to this information. "I am." It was then that Cato had taken a chance, fuelled by spontaneity and the spur of the moment, put his hands on Peeta's waist, amongst the sheet music and plans for their next video, and kissed him. It was one of those beautiful moments that neither would ever forget. Yeah, Peeta missed Youtube. A lot. When they only did their videos online, they had a following but not on as large a scale as they did now. They could walk down the street without being stopped every five minutes. Occasionally there had been someone who would recognize them and stop them for a chat but it was nowhere near as it was now. On some level, despite his extreme gratefulness and joy for the success that he and Cato had achieved, he missed the privacy that their old life had so easy. Now they couldn't even kiss without someone taking a picture and putting it online everywhere for everyone to dissect and decipher. Peeta sat on the floor of the empty set, waiting for Cato to come back from getting changed. He fingered Marisol's strings, humming the tune to Wish you Could See Me to himself. Finnick, their bodyguard and Peeta's childhood friend, stood at the door to the set. This way, he was close to both Peeta and Cato, as Cato's dressing room was directly across from the set door. Finnick wasn't extremely professional and would only be really serious if the need presented itself. Peeta enlisted his help when District 212 started getting popular because they knew they were going to have to get a bodyguard of some description. Finnick was a bouncer, a bouncer who wasn't really enjoying his job, so when Peeta mentioned that he and Cato needed someone to be their guard, Finnick had practically jumped over the kitchen islet to volunteer. Peeta and Cato's fans fell in love with Finnick as soon as he was first publicly seen helping them into their car. It was because Finnick was a naturally attractive man who could smile at a girl and make her pass out, so naturally their fans were going to attach themselves to him like leeches. "You see uncomfortable," Finnick said, breaking the silence. He had been reading a Capitol magazine and pulling faces every few minutes. The city did have a . . . unique fashion sense that made Peeta cringe on more than one occasion too. "I just miss home, I guess," Peeta frowned. He flicked Marisol, causing an out of tune twang to vibrate from her. "Everything here is so extreme." "Tell me about it. Some of the people in these magazines would be classified as naked back home," Finnick replied. "Yet around these parts it's 'high fashion'." "Maybe we're missing something," Peeta scoffed. Finnick chuckled. "Still, maybe this is what it's like in the big city," he sighed, tossing the magazine onto a nearby table. He popped his head around the door and called, "You nearly ready, Cato?" Cato stepped through the threshold, looking refreshed in his own clothes as opposed to the Capitol brands they wore for the video. Peeta smiled and stood up, picking Marisol up and carrying her over to Cato. "Here," he said. Cato accepted his guitar and slung her over his shoulder. "You ready to go?" "Yeah, I think so." Cato looked to Finnick. "Is there anything else we need to do before we go back to the hotel?" "No, not as far as I'm aware," Finnick answered, straightening the buttons on his black jacket. "Although Snow wants to talk to you both tomorrow. Something about discussing future business." "Future business," Cato repeated. He frowned. "I didn't realise that he had plans for the future already. Our goal was the Capitol, I know that haven't thought any further than that." He looked to Peeta for help. "Have you?" "No," Peeta answered, confused as well. He shrugged sheepishly and put his hands in his pockets. "I actually thought we were going to go on vacation after this. Not for too long, maybe just a year or so . . ." "I like the idea of that," Cato admitted, green eyes practically sparkling as the idea of flying off to a sunny island with Peeta grew more and more appealing in his mind. "I'm sure Snow would be okay with that. We just need to discuss it with him." "So are we ready to hit the road?" Finnick asked, swinging his car keys around his fingers. Peeta nodded, hooking his arm around Cato's and leaning his weight against him. "Please. I'm exhausted. I can't wait to get into bed so I can sleep. I'm 100% finished with today." A/N: Please let me know what you think! I'm quite excited for this story and the opportunity to delve into Peetato again as those boys are my babies ^_^ This is a tester chapter, to gauge thoughts and reactions. Want me to continue? Let me know! I don't know when chapter two will be up as I want to get a good portion of the rest of my current ongoing stories finished-which shouldn't take too long due as I have everything planned out for them, the chapters just need to be written-before committing to another. I won't leave it too long though, I promise!