my lips. All I see is the transition of the mayor and Arelle Lane, who is covered from head to toe in some disastrous yellow. "Happy Hunger Games!" She grins and opens her arms as she stares out at the crowd. "It is such an privilege to be back here! So many beautiful faces! So many of you destined for the honor of representing District 4 in the Hunger Games!" She giggles and motions toward Mags and Finnick and Annie. "We have come to know and cherish the past victors from the district. They are heroes to all of us and I hope that this year, District 4 will be able to add another victor to our extensive list!" Pockets of clapping erupt from the crowd and Arelle beams, clapping her hands along with them. Oh, I guess I forgot to mention. Some people here actually volunteer for the games. We're considered a Career district, but there aren't many Careers. No one in their right mind would willingly walk up those steps. "Ladies first then!" Arelle spins around, striding toward the large bowl, which holds thousands of names, but only six of mine. Her perfectly manicured nails dip into the names and she fishes out one slip. My mind is so fixated on not being focused that I don't hear the name being called. All I know is that something is wrong. The girls around me shift uneasily and turn to look. They whisper quietly and a part in the crowd forms in front of me.I try to pull myself from the daze, but all of my senses seem to be permanently clouded. I have shut down. Strong hands grip both of my arms and start to tug. My face drains of its color and I turn, staring nervously back at the peacekeepers who are clothed in their white uniforms. As if an elastic band, reality snaps back and I realize what's happening. "N-No! Let go of me!" I mutter and try to yank my arms back. "Stop!" A scream erupts from my throat, as the two peacekeepers lift me up and over the rope. "NO!" "Jade, come on up, sweetheart. Don't be shy." Arelle's encouraging voice is hardly appealing. I'm dragged down the main aisle, toward the stage, with my legs kicking out hard in different directions. Sobs in the background must be my mother's. And when I hear Riley's cries, my blood runs cold. No, this can't be right. My name couldn't have been picked. There must have been a mistake. Arelle spins around, dropping the slip of paper back into the bowl of names. The most obnoxious smile possible is plastered across her odd features. The peacekeepers assist my fumbling body up the stairs and shove me toward Arelle. It's the first time that I'm able to stare out at the faces of my district people. People I knew, people I loved, people I hated. Now they are grave. They are saddened. They know that they are staring at a dead girl. I am the dead girl. Arelle takes hold both of my shoulders, making me flinch slightly. She then glances from the crowd and back to me. "Congratulations, sweetheart. You are going to be representing these beautiful people!" She motions her hand to the people beneath the stage and I just go numb. I can see my family. My mother sobs uncontrollably into my father's chest. Riley stares in my direction; his eyes are wide. Another one of his siblings is being sent into the arena. Another one of my parents' children has been ripped from their grasp. "Let us have a round of applause for Jade Magali, your new tribute." Arelle claps her tiny hands and then snaps her fingers at the people sitting on fold out chairs behind us. I turn my attention to them, watching as Finnick Odair straightens and steps toward us. Our eyes lock and I realize I can't be angry at him. I'm too afraid of being a tribute. I'm too terrified of dying to be mad at him. The feeling may fade eventually and I will let Finnick know how I feel, but right now I can't even speak. "Jade will be mentored by Finnick Odair throughout her time in the Capitol! Whoever is chosen to represent the male tribute for District 4 will also be mentored by him." People begin to clap quietly. They love Finnick and they always have. His charm practically won him the games. Finnick presses a hand to his chest and waves the other, smiling thankfully at the crowd. "You're all too kind." When the cheers start to die down, he takes his seat again. "And now, for the boys!" Arelle strides to the other glass bowl and dips her hand into it, grabbing the first slip of paper. My eyes frantically search the boy's section, determined to find Liem. I pray that his name is not the one that leaves Arelle's lips. My heartbeat is drowning all of the other noises. Thump, thump. She comes back to the podium. Thump, thump. Her frosted lips part and— "Jaxon Ula!" My eyes widen and my heart stops as the back half of the male's section divides. A boy I know and love moves from the crowd and shakily steps toward the stage, peacekeepers surrounding him. His usually messy brown hair is combed to one side and he's wearing a spotless button-down shirt. Now I really can't breathe. Once Jaxon is on the stage, Arelle grins and opens her arms, pulling him closer. "Here we are!" She places him on her other side and I glance over at the boy. The hairs on the back of my neck rise. Compared to him, I'm practically a dwarf. He's exactly six-foot-three; we measured last month. How could this have happened to me? I won't be able to protect Jaxon. I can't even protect myself. Liem's little brother and I are District 4's tributes for the 72rd Hunger Games.