structure in anger. "You always gang up on me," it complains. "That's because you're always wrong," the Leevy responds, mimicking the Delly tone almost as well as I have learned to mimic Kala's calls. The Delly is still furious. It looks around and raises its eyebrows in suspicion. My heart beat quickens. Has it picked me out? Caught my scent? Am I now in horrible danger? It spins on its heel again, this time in a full circle, and only speaks when it stands back in its original position. "Where is Peeta? Did we lose him along the way?" "Maybe he's made his escape from you," the Clove mutters. The Madge animal makes a strange snickering noise and nudges the Clove with its elbow. Another strange name for a creature. I have never heard of a Peeta. I begin to fear something I had never imagined, something that had never crossed my own mind. How well do I know my own home? If I don't recognize these creatures, how many more out there are there that I don't know? Do I really only know a quarter of my comrades, my enemies, my friends? Maybe Kala was right. Maybe I should stay with her always, as she knows the ways of the jungle and would never betray me in that way. The Delly comes out with the most deafening squeal I have ever heard in my entire life. As new as this animal is to me, she must be low on the food chain, as it is not very smart. Making such noises could attract predators from far and wide. "Peeta!" she squeals, "where are you?!" The Leevy, a little smarter than its fellow pack member, slaps the Delly round the head. "Hush! The gorillas are nearby, we don't want to wake them!" she scolds. However, the Delly's call works and another creatures comes out from the tree line. This one is different, much, much different. So different I find myself clamoring onto a closer to branch to have a better look. This animal is strapping, broad shouldered and strong looking. Its fur is not like the others, not long and dark like my own. It's cropped and scruffy, amazingly fair. Its skin pale as milk, once again hairless. It is beautiful. Unlike anything I have ever seen before. The Delly's call must be a mating call of some sort. Calling the pretty and the perfect toward her. "Ah, Peeta, there you are," it declares. I begin to wonder which are the males and which are the females in this strange pack of naked creatures. I guess the long furred ones are the females, judging by the Delly's simpering and high pitched voice. Then the beautiful being, the 'Peeta', is the only male. How odd. Normally packs are dominated by the males. How strange this pack's customs are. But then again, I could be wrong. "Sorry, I was distracted," the Peeta quickly explains. Wedged under its-his?-arm is a strange looking object, the part facing me coloured brown with a white section wedged between. "There's a tree back there that's got this lovely entanglement of vines. You should see the wrinkles in the bark, it's like nothing I've ever seen before." The Delly rolls her eyes, sidling up to the Peeta and laying a hand on his shoulder. "You mustn't wander off, you had me worried for a moment." She bats her eye furs, the yellow strands flickering in an annoying fashion. It is clear what she is doing here. I've seen apes do it enough around mating season. She's marking her territory, showing the other girls who owns this Peeta creature. But, from what I can see, her pack mates don't seem to care. And the Peeta creature seems oblivious to it anyway, taking in his surroundings in amazement I recognize as the wonder of new environments. An amazement I had already experienced not long beforehand. I don't care about the others anymore, I simply watch the Peeta. It is the only animal out of this new pack that has so far been able to appreciate the beauty of the jungle. It is dressed different from the others-proof that it is definitely different in gender, if I could only figure out which. It's top is white, the arm covers puffed out a little, with another top over the white that is black as night. I wonder at first it Peeta creatures wear bottoms as the bottom this one wears are so close fitted that I first think they are its legs. How strange. How different. How . . . exhilarating. A strange contraption sits at the end of its nose. The object is thin and wired and appears to be fitted with glass. The Peeta pushes them up every now and then but they almost immediately slip down again. I look at my own body covers. Made from the hide of Kala's latest kill, a leopard who attacked the clan not long ago. I am completely different to these 'humans', dressed my animal skins and covered with dark skin and hair. If they saw me, would they think the same? I force myself to move. I yank a vine free and make my way back to the clan. The humans are still on my mind but I force myself not to think about it, no matter how much the Peeta creature comes back into my head. Kala is awake when I return and scolds me for wandering off. I take her apprehending and climb my tree again, deciding to get some more sleep before the clan begins to move again. Maybe by tomorrow we'll find the cabin. I do not dream. I never dream. I have nothing to dream of. Only blackness. That's all I see. In my dreams, I lack the sun. A/N: Hello folks, this is my first ever Everlark fic so please be gentle when reviewing! I hope this was an okay first chapter, let me know! #wesupportjlaw