energy, but another quaint feeling weighs her down. The position of their bodies seems too intimate; it feels strange. The desire to snap her pinned arms over her chest nags at her, as she feels heat rising to her cheeks. Cato's hand brushes along her stomach, as he trails it further down to the silky band of her night pants matching the shirt he'd torn open. Clove stills as he slides them down her slender legs. Once her lower body has been cleared of the clothing, Cato immediately begins running his hands up the smooth skin. Shudders stream throughout Clove's body from the points his hands blaze across. She almost forgets herself, but Cato's voice stirs her, " It was more exciting when you put up a fight. Come on, don't bore me by going docile so soon. ", he says sneering. His hands continue to roam Clove's body; hot fingers teasingly skitter against her inner thighs, and graze up the flat of her stomach. Her breasts feel especially small when he cups them in his massive palms. The tips of his fingers circle her nipples, and pinch lightly. Clove exhales a soft moan that feels retrained upon its release. An odd sense of indignation settles in. The brute was toying with her. The alterations between gentle and rough were too confusing. Clove keeps her eyes closed, because opening them might reveal a sight that she doesn't want to see. His fingers dance across her skin too quickly to entirely process in her state. All she can do is feel; a warm finger circles around her naval similarly to the way they had her nipples. Clove finds herself stifling a gasp when it purls around the inside unhurriedly. She was loosing her grasp on her mind, and she knew it, but the need to withhold any possible satisfaction from Cato still burned within the daze. She couldn't let him see whatever it was that this was doing to her. Cato slips two of his thick fingers under the laced fabric of Clove's panties. They teasingly slide along the band until they reach the curve of her hip. Then he suddenly pulls back. Clove slowly allows her eyes to peel open, curious as to what would be Cato's next action. She watches, feeling all the more naked under Cato's lustful gaze as it drifts over each curve of her body. His glacier blue eyes bore into her chest and nether regions; a salacious smirk plays at his lips. His hand now addresses the front of bulging his trousers. He slides them down just enough to free his swollen erection, veins pulsating under the soft, pink skin which has stretched thinner with his increase in size. He now moves his hand to the thin article of clothing covering the last of Clove's privacy. With a single finger, he pushes the black piece of cloth to the side, revealing his prize. Something in her mind screams at her to move, as he guides his member to her untouched entrance. "Do something, something!" The words resound around Clove's brain like an alarm, but they choke more on the murkiness with each echo. Her body stiffens when she feels the hard tip of Cato's manhood come into contact with her now slick folds. From where it touches, he already feels too large to fit; this would definitely be an uncomfortable ordeal. Her teeth are already gritted in preparation for what will inevitably come next. He shoves his hips forward, burying himself completely inside of her, and relishing her yelp as the tight cavity stretches to accommodate his girth. Cato can't help but give a smirk of gratification at Clove's face twisted in agony, trying desperately to keep from whimpering. Every second of watching that pained expression arouses him to new heights. She writhes in discomfort at the painful intrusion, and attempts to push him away by his shoulders. Cato only recaptures one of her arms, and pins it above her head. Trickles of blood smear on his manhood as he resumes the task at hand. Cato pants as he quickens the pace of his thrusting; he craved her, and tonight, he would spare no mercy in sating the hunger. *In, out, in, out* . Every movement feels like being torn apart inside. "This, " Cato growls, " This is what I've always wanted to do. On the train, " *thrust*, "at dinner", *thrust*, "in the training center", *thrust*, "and right now! What could be more satisfying?!" Clove gets some relief when the rending pain gradually lessens into tinging, and her body begins to adjust to the tempo of Cato's thrusts. *In, out, in out* , harder now. A peculiar sort of pressure weaves itself within the tinges of pain, as Cato fucks her. It feels ... no it couldn't, it shouldn't; not like this, not from him. The sprouting sensations from Cato's ramming inside Clove's cunt send shock waves of pleasure throughout her entire being. The way it prickles up from her ankles and chills her spine feels strikingly similar to the buzz she felt when she had placed the knife at his throat. This wasn't right, but then again, since when have either of them ever cared about what was right or wrong? Cato's cock throbs inside of her sopping slit, which he redoubles his efforts into breaking in. The pleasure coils inside of their lower abdomens, winding tighter and tighter with each thrust. Hells , this was becoming too much. In a flash, it springs free. Cato groans as he retracts himself at his climax, and his thick, white seed spurts onto Clove pale skin. However, she barely notices, the waves of ecstasy from her own orgasm rocking her into oblivion. Thanks in advance for any reviews, positive and negative. Yes, this is a fanfiction of a fanfiction. The theme I was trying to create was- elegantly graphic. If you do review, I'd appreciate feedback on what you think it came across as.