A-Austin doesn't make a fool of himself. I can only hope he's m-matured in the last six mon-months." Nero cast a withering glance at me; his orange feathered shirt practically blinds me. "Don't hold your breath, chicken," I retort. Shilo appears behind Nero and rolls her eyes at us. "Can the bantering hold for a while please?" She walks through the entrance and the door closes behind her. "Vanth isn't coming?" I ask. "No, he's holed himself up in his house now that he doesn't need to mentor anymore," Shilo responds. "Like he mentored before," Nero says. Shilo casts a cold glance at him. "He may be a drunken fool, but if you had gone through the same thing he did, you would never judge." Nero whimpers and retreats to the next car. I turn my attention back to Shilo when the door closes behind Nero. She gives me a weak smile and then says, "OK, so as you know, the Victory Tour is twelve days long. A day a district, and then the presidential banquet. Then you go home, give a speech, and live the next six months trying not to think about mentoring, understand?" I nod. "I still don't understand the purpose of this tour." "It's to keep alive the fear of the Games throughout the entire year," she replies. "I don't really feel like the fear ever goes away." Shilo nods and gives me a half smile. "It never does." We start in District 12, which is layered in a blanket of coal dust. The moment I step out of the train, I start gagging on it. The Justice Building is just as cold and intimidating as the one in DIstrict 5, and two-thirds of the people here look to be starving to death. District 11 is cleaner than 12, but still the people are a thin and frail looking. Here the perimeter is guarded at all times by Peacekeepers, and the walls are at least twenty feet high with barbed wire at the top. Ten smells to high heavens of cow droppings. I don't know how the people can stand it day in and day out. The meat is probably the best I've ever had, though. Fresh and tender unlike the grizzly, tough meat we have in 5. District 9 is the one i fear going to. I am afraid the people will be angry at me, but in reality, they seem to be fairly calm about the whole situation. It must be like Shilo said. Eight reminds me of 5. It has many big factories where the people work to make cotton and then form it in shirts and other forms of fabric. District 7 is a very beautiful district. It is surrounded on all sides by a huge evergreen forest, and has several running streams through it. All the people here look strong and hard-working. District 6 is basically a whole bunch of parking garages. There's some for hovercrafts, cars, and trains. Four is set up right on the beach, where the blue waves roll toward the sand. The people glare when I give my speech. Ampere killed their female tribute. It must be insulting to have a Career die from a non-career district. District 3 is the most high-advanced looking district. Its people are all pale looking. If I thought District 4 was bad, District 2 is ten times worse. Throughout my entire speech, I am shouted at, and one person actually throws a rock at me. Peacekeepers drag him away while he scream foul obscenities at me. One is a very big district. People there wear fancy clothes and look very healthy and well-fed. At least one Career district doesn't hate me. The banquet is rather uneventful. I am welcomed by President Snow, and then someone gives me a drink, but doesn't tell me it's for throwing up so you can eat more. I barely make it to the bathroom before I start throwing up my guts. The next day, we start the trek back to District 5. I am very nervous about my speech. This is the only one that really matters, and I want to get it just right. Shilo tells me to just relax, and Nero says that I'll mess up anyway, but I ignore him. When the train opens and I step back out into my district, I hear the loud sound of applause from my people. They finally have another victor. I walk up to the mic slowly and the crowd starts to simmer down. I close my eyes and fight back the voice in my head saying I can't do this, I can't do this. Taking a deep breath, I open my eyes and begin. I tell about Ampere. I describe our relationship and how it evolved from district partners to that of siblings. How Ampere thought I was going to kill her in the limousine because my hands were twitching as she bombarded me with questions. How we warmed up to each other during training to the point that we formed an alliance. How we had each other's backs and grew closer to each other. How we decided to stick together for as long as we could. And how Ampere sacrificed herself by distracting Rift. Here, I start crying for the girl who grew on me; whom I came to see as another little sister; who was headstrong and impulsive, yet caring and understanding; who ultimately is the reason I'm standing here right now. "She was a fighter. She never let on how scared she really was, especially when she fought Maria and when she was about to die at Rift's hands. District 5, you should be proud of her, for few before us have been as…bold. Remember her, and remember how she made the... ultimate...sacrifice…" I take a deep, calming breath, then clear my throat, a trick I learned that would stop one from crying. "To bring a friend back home. Remember Ampere Henry."