years would she have thought, upon their meeting and first knowing each other, that Peeta wasn't straight. (At that time, though, Katniss didn't even know that she, herself, wasn't straight, though. So you gotta give a girl some brownie points for walking Katniss through that mess of sexuality.) The timer on the stove goes off as Peeta begins pouring the thick liquid into a set of crystalware, so Katniss gets up from her spot of laziness and takes out the oven mitts from a nearby drawer. Her hair falls out from its spot tucked beneath her sweater and into her face as she swiftly pulls on the oven door, using her body weight, and her body arcs down into a crouch. It makes opening the oven more exciting. That tactic works for shutting the car hatch, as well, much to Katniss's delight. The wall of heat rolls out onto her cheeks, like the feeling of the sun beating down on you, and you can feel your skin cooking, and she scrunches her nose. A giggle behind her seems to hum throughout the open space. Setting the searing metal pan down on the stovetop, with steaming, perfectly-browned muffins waiting to cool, and shutting the oven with her foot, Katniss turns back to glance at Peeta. "You're very expressive," Peeta makes out from behind her crystalline cup of a healthy-looking portion of liquified baby spinach, among other foods. The sound seems to circle the glass, rolling and full, and yet muffled. "So I've been told," she responds dryly. Peeta puts down her drink onto the counter with a clear, sharp sound of glass hitting marble, and comes over to Katniss, pulling her into an embrace. "Katniss, I just knew we were perfect for each other," she quips, swaying her hips slightly as she speaks. "You with your oven mitts, and me with my apron- what a match." "Those are yours, P," Katniss breathes, meaning the mitts, and stares relentlessly into the gorgeous blues of her girlfriend's eyes. "You know what? You're right! How silly of me to forget." Peeta's smirk draws Katniss's gaze down to her lips, delicately lifting up at one corner. Katniss licks her lips and looks back up with her next words, continuing to joke. "You know what else is mine?" "The bakery," Katniss decides to play. "Nope, not that." "Well then the employees in it." "Closer... kind of," she chuckles. "Kind of? Okay then. Half of the silverware." "Nope." Peeta's grin widens to show her teeth, not commenting on how there is nearly zero connection to 'employees' and 'silverware.' "Oh, okay! I got it," Katniss glances at the ceiling and widens her eyes as if she's just had an epiphany. "I got it, I got it. Ready?" She waits for Peeta to nod her head. "That huge wine glass with the red swirl in it." Silence. Peeta just continues to smile as she waits for Katniss to proceed with her banter. "I can't believe I didn't think of that sooner! You know, what with you being such a humongous alcoholic and all-" Peeta gasps playfully and rips off one of Katniss's mitts to smack her in the face with it. It leaves excess flour on the right side of her face and a cloud of white puffs out. "Hey!" Katniss pulls her eyebrows together and attempts to steal back the big padded glove. "Nuh-uh," Peeta laughs and tosses it away from them on the counter on the other side of the kitchen, albeit a small distance, out of Katniss's reach. Sarcastically, she teases, "Has anyone ever told you that you're very funny?" "Okay, okay, fine." Katniss sighs dramatically and pretends to roll her eyes. "Me. I'm yours." She can't say the words without cracking another small, authentic smile, though, so she drops the annoyed facade. Peeta pulls her tighter in their hug, and Katniss lets the other mitt slide off with a soft thump onto the floor before wrapping her arms around her girlfriend like a vice, securing her and never letting go. Peeta leans in and gives her a peck on the lips. "I know," she murmurs lightly. Katniss rests her head on Peeta's shoulder, feeling satisfied and whole with simply feeling Peeta in her arms and, likewise, being in Peeta's. Their breathing evens out with that of each other so that they become synchronized. The blonde girl strokes the long, rich tresses of her counterpart and pays attention to her breathing as if it were her heartbeat, as if she could hear it, match it, be one with it. After a few moments, minutes, Katniss readjusts her head into the crook of Peeta's neck slightly. "Hey, P? You're working today, right?" She hears a mumbled affirmative. "Can I help you in the bakery?" "Of course, Katniss. Whatever you want," Peeta pulls back and smiles comfortingly at her. "Any reason?" "No. I just want to be with you." Peeta blinks. "Okay." A moment. Two moments. Three moments later, Katniss slips out from the embrace and downs her half of the smoothie. It tastes like bananas and pecans and has a bit of a kick at the end. Cayenne pepper, probably. The good thing about the green smoothies that Peeta makes is that for the most part she can't even taste the baby spinach, or the kale, of the algae, or the whatever-new-healthy-thing that she's found. It makes eating well a little bit easier, especially since she lives with a woman who works at carb-city and makes cupcakes for a living. Katniss puts the empty glassware and the green-coated pitcher of the blender into the sink, and rinses them out, letting them soak to deal with later that night. Katniss hears the gorgeous woman call from the other room as she heads to the door, already setting out: "You might want to put some pants on, though." "The beauty of standing up for your rights is others will see you standing and stand up as well." -Cassandra Duffy