politely to return to the girls' side. I quietly complied and then gently guided me back to where I belonged even though the girls were already done. My eyes flicked over into the boys' section. My hazel eyes scanned the crowd until I found his familiar head of hair. He had a sad look upon his face but I was worried. The boys still had to go. His blue eyes flickered to me and I forced a smile onto my face. Everything was going to be fine. Peeta was going to be fine. There were at least four hundred other boys' names in there. Peeta wouldn't get chosen. I just wanted him to be careful. I wanted him to be safe. Effie's long and relentless speech never came to my ears. My eyes only remained on Peeta and his on me. His blue eyes softened after a while and I could hear the ringing in my ears as Effie prepared to sentence the next boy to his imminent death. " Peeta Mellark !" Time stopped for a moment. Peeta only continued to look at me but his eyes widened in realization. I could feel the blood drain from my face. He eventually tore his gaze away from me and looked up at the stage, his own skin appearing ashen in disbelief. Effie beckoned him forward but I begged him, mentally, to stay in his place. The sea of boys slowly parted for him, none of them saying a word as he took his final walk through the crowd. Before I knew what was happening, I was shoving girls out of my way. They all screamed in surprise but my hazel eyes blazed as I made my way towards him. No one was standing in my path. "Peeta! Stop!" I yelled, my voice cracking slightly but it felt like a brick wall as the Peacekeepers grabbed a hold of me. "No! Please! Peeta!" I yelled, my eyes welling up with tears. Both of the men holding me back, struggled to keep me from reaching my best friend. I fought so hard, my bun fell from the pins that had been holding it up until the braid simply fell down my back. I watched as he slowly made his way through the crowd, his blue eyes full of disbelief and horror. And at last, the white daisy fell from my golden locks and landed on the dry ground of District 12 before it settled in the dust. I was escorted up into his room. They opened the door and I was shoved inside. "You've got three minutes!" The Peacekeepers called from outside the wooden door. My chest was heaving and my hazel eyes darted around the room nervously. Adrenaline coursed through my veins after the fight with them. The bastards. He was sitting on the lone couch in the room. Realizing that he wasn't alone, he quickly stood up and I ran into his arms, slamming into his chest. "Did they hurt you?" He asked as he took in my disheveled appearance. My hair was loose and my dress was now wrinkled from the scuffle with the Peacekeepers. I completely ignored his question, knowing we didn't have much time. "Oh my God, Peeta!" I cried as I wrapped my arms around his neck. I held him closely to me and I buried my fingers into his soft blonde hair. I could feel him trembling slightly against me and we just stayed like that for the longest of times. "They can't do this!" I said in a weak tone as I clung to my best friend. He didn't comment or say anything, he just stood there with his arms around me, holding on like he wouldn't ever leave. "Peeta... I want you to try!" I whispered quietly as I continued to stroke the soft hairs at the base of his neck. "Shay... I-" "No, I really want you to try. Try to come back, for me...!" I pulled back and held his face in my hands. His blue eyes sparkled with fear but he met my gaze. "I-I promise, I'll try..." He said quietly and he gently wiped the tears off my cheeks with his thumbs. "Stay with Katniss. She'll protect you..." I whispered and he was the one to nodded this time. My other hand fiddled with his soft cotton shirt. "I know she might not be friendly at first but just go slow with her. It will take a while for her to warm up to you..." "I promise I'll try, Shay..." He said and he pulled me back towards him and we just held each other for the remaining time. "Times up!" The Peacekeepers rushed into the room and pried us apart. "Peeta! Stay safe! Survive!" I yelled as they forced me out through the doors and away from him. I fought feverishly until I was too tired for the second time that day and they dumped me back on my own doorstep. I just laid there in the dirt for a few minutes, my dress getting covered in dust. More tears fell freely from my eyes now and my cheeks became muddy. "Shade?" I looked up through teary eyes. My brother stood over me, concern written upon his face. "P-Peeta-" I stammered out but he interrupted me. "I know, I saw it on the TV..." His face was now hard and he looked around at the surrounding houses to see if anyone were watching us. He knelt down next to me and looked at my dress, his brows wrinkling together in concern. My blonde hair was now a dusty mess as well and my hazel eyes were probably bloodshot from crying. "Up we go, Shay-Shay..." He put his hands under my knees and lifted me up, bridal style, before carrying me into our house and cleaning me up. There you go! First chapter! Oh, I forgot. I don't own the Hunger Games, only Shade and my plot. Review please!