gorgeous eyes was so tragic for her to ponder on. It wasn't easy to make her cry, yet here she was, tearing up. "You have blond eyelashes too," she chuckled. Peeta chuckled as well. He raised his hand to try to touch just below his eye but he would have poked himself so Katniss took his wrist, winding her fingers around his and placing them just below his eyelid. "It's times like these where I wish I could see," Peeta admitted. "Why times like these?" asked Katniss. If it had been her, she'd have been wanting to see all the time. "There's only so far an image in a head can go. I wish I could see you," Peeta explained. Katniss' heart skipped a beat. She found herself stroking the top of his hand with her thumb. She wished he could see her too. She wished he could see everything. Nobody deserved to live in darkness. "Do you get Ms Trinket for Mathematics?" she asked. "In the Special Needs Unit? Yeah, I do," said Peeta. "Did you get her boatload of homework for tomorrow?" Katniss asked. "I did," Peeta groaned, as if just remembering it all. "Do you want to come back to mine to do it with me?" Peeta waited, as if expecting a joke or a sudden exclamation of 'ew, no, I wasn't serious!" When it didn't come, he asked, "Really?" "Yeah," said Katniss. "Really." He smile that came next beat the rest by miles. It made the knot in Katniss' stomach loosen and her blood heat up with pride. "I'd love to," he said. Katniss was delighted. She climbed off the stool and collected her bags. Peeta reached down to pick up his stick but his hand could quite get it. "Don't worry, I've got it," she said, crouching to the ground and picking it up for him. When she passed it over, she asked, "Are you okay to get up?" "Yeah, I've had lots of practice," Peeta replied. When he got himself up off the stool, one hand on the piano, the other on the stick, Katniss picked his glasses up and approached him to put them back on his face. She was disappointed to have to cover up such unique eyes and paused. "Why do you have to wear these anyway?" "My eyes will make people uncomfortable," Peeta shrugged. "I'm not going to pretend that my deformity is a norm. It would be lying to myself more than anyone else, really." Katniss didn't like that answer but she had to accept it. Truth was, there would be people kicking up a fuss if Peeta didn't wear the sunglasses. People like Glimmer who don't have an excuse for their behaviour but act the way they do anyway. With great reluctance, Katniss pushed up onto her tiptoes and slipped the glasses back onto Peeta's face. "Just for the record, your eyes didn't make me uncomfortable at all," she said. Peeta's smile widened by the tiniest of fractions. Just enough that Katniss would notice. "I'm glad," he replied. It took them a while to get out of the school. Katniss didn't feel at all held back and enjoyed the stroll alongside Peeta. They talked the whole way. Katniss held doors open, told him when they were turning, made sure he was prepared for when a step down was coming, but didn't feel like she was being hindered. She felt comfortable and happy just spending time with Peeta. They were walking across the playing fields when she saw Madge sitting in the bleachers. Her headphones were in and her Mathematics books were balanced on her knees. Katniss told Peeta they were taking a detour and they both headed towards the bleachers. "Hey, Madge!" Katniss called, waving from the bottom of the bleachers. Madge didn't notice them the first couple of times but eventually, when Katniss had been waving for at least half a minute, her eyes twitched up from her books and she saw them. Madge pulled her green headphones from her ears and frowned with confusion. "Katniss? I thought you were going home?" she said. "Peeta and I were going to do our Mathematics together. I was wondering if you'd like to join us?" Katniss explained. The way Madge's face lit up made Katniss feel guilty for ever treating her like an outsider. Madge quickly gathered her books up and hopped down the bleachers in her yellow and pink boots. "I would love to," she said as she reached the bottom. She smiled at Peeta and said, "Pleased to meet you Peeta." "Pleasure is all mine," Peeta smiled back, reaching his hand out towards where he sensed her voice. Madge grasped his hand and shook it excitedly. "Are we still on for mine then?" she asked Katniss. "We could go to my house so we're not an imposition," Katniss quickly said. "Don't be silly, my mum loves cooking for people!" Madge insisted. She looped arms with Katniss while Katniss' spare hand remained touching Peeta's arm, almost in a protective stance. As they set off, Katniss didn't know then that these two people would be the two who would protect her for the remainder of her life. That Madge would be her best friend and would stick to her until they were old biddys knitting on their porches. Or that Peeta would begin as a friend but would later grow into something more. Something much bigger and much more important than Katniss had ever expected him to become. That she would fall in love and have a family and become the one thing she never expected to be: happy. All because of the boy who couldn't see. A/N: So I wrote this because I'm starting college tomorrow and I don't know what that will mean for my updating regime yet. The blind!Peeta idea has been niggling in my brain for a while too so I knew I had to get it down on paper. Hope you liked it! :)