Peeta was a fighter. "I love you," she said. "I love you too," Peeta smiled. When Katniss pushed her teeth through his skin, reopening the wounds Gale had previously made, her taste buds sang with relief when the familiar taste of Peeta's blood filled her mouth. Peeta himself moaned, no longer having to hide how being bitten on the neck reminded him of having sex with his wife. Katniss moaned herself, her hands fisting his hair desperately as she stretched his head back and further exposed his neck to her. "Ah-argh, K-Katniss," Peeta stammered, his hand finding her hair and threading his fingers through the strands. She pushed her fingers through his hair in what she hoped was a comforting gesture as now that she had started she physically couldn't stop herself until she was satisfied. Each breath Peeta took made his body shudder and Katniss couldn't help feeling utterly aroused by how she had the control over his life. Tearing herself away was the hardest part. She tried to pysch herself up, but it didn't work, and multiple times to failed to remove her teeth from Peeta's skin. She was taking too much, and it was scaring her, and she knew she shouldn't have done this in the first place. Was this what he had wanted? Did Peeta want her to lose control? Would he rather die than let himself be dirtied by Gale Hawthorne's fangs? Or was it a strategic move? Katniss' heart plummeted. Of course it was. It was a trick. Peeta knew she wouldn't be able to stop and in not being able to stop she would kill him by draining him dry. If she drained him dry . . . The only way to save him would be to . . . Turn him. It was like Peeta realised that Katniss had found out what he had done. He laughed breathily, the hand which had been in her hand trailing down to caress her cheek. Katniss ripped her fangs out with a pained gasp, screaming in horror when she saw how pale he had become. "You tricked me!" Katniss yelled at him. Peeta, despite being on death's door, smiled weakly at her. "You've been protecting me for so long," he choked, "now it's my turn to do the same. Please. Turn me. It's what I want." "There are more like Gale out there," Katniss cried. "People who will not take too kindly to me turning you into one of us." "From what I've seen tonight"-Peeta gulped, gasping for breath as his life hung in the balance. Katniss gripped his hand tight in hers, conflicted over whether she should do what he asked for or not-"They are angrier about the fact that I am a mortal. If you turn me, we can live in peace. Forever." Katniss could not lost Peeta. She had thought there would be a day where she would be prepared for his death, where she would be able to cope with the loss of him by her side, but as she watched the blood pour from his neck, taking his life with it, she realized that she was never going to be ready. She needed him forever, just like he needed her. But there was only one way for that to happen. Peeta placed his hand on Katniss' shoulder, drawing him towards her. When their faces were inches apart, he placed a loving kiss on her lips, pouring every piece of affection he had for her into that one gesture. "I love you," he murmured. "And I you," Katniss whispered back. "I want to be with you forever but . . . I'm afraid. What if you grow bored of me?" Peeta laughed. "You silly woman, how could you ever believe I would grow tired of you? You are like the sunset to me, Katniss. I know you will always be there, and no matter what happens you will always come, and you astound me every day by just how magnificent you are." Katniss' free hand, which pressed against the bleeding wound in his neck, was getting coated in a thick layer of bright red blood. "Eternity will be ours," she whispered, a smile breaking out on her face. Peeta nodded, blue eyes sparkling. "Always." Katniss' lips moved down to Peeta's neck, her teeth reattaching themselves to the bleeding wounds. With a pained gasp, Peeta fisted the back of her shirt in his hand. It didn't take long, however, for the grip to loosen as she drank whatever was left from his system. When it was all gone, Katniss bit into her wrist, causing blood to surface from the wounds. She straightened up, her eyes filling with water at the sight of her love so weak and frail looking. Pushing her fingers through his hair, she swiped her pointer finger along the pool of her blood and held it over his open mouth, so a single drop fell into his system. The remainder of the night was painful. Turning was a horrific process, one which Katniss had barely been able to handle herself. Seeing someone she loved so dearly suffer through it was tenfold worse, especially since she had always told herself that she would never allow him to experience such pain. In a way, she felt weak for giving in. They were lucky they had no neighbours, for Peeta screamed his way through the night. Katniss had to hold him down while he seized and shook. Her blood was slowly replacing that of his own, turning him into her fledgling. Just before the sun rose the next morning, the seizing stopped. Katniss loosened her grip on him and blinked away the tears in her eyes. "Peeta?" she whispered hopefully. His eyes snapped open. The beautiful blue glowed like wildfire. Peeta smiled, revealing two fangs along the top row of his teeth. Katniss smiled with relief and they met in a passionate kiss. Eternity was theirs. A/N: Happy New Year everyone! (: