would have asked his dad to do it but I think his dad would have discussed it with his mother which would have defeated the purpose of keeping it from her. So Peeta asked me to do it. And I'm honoured to help in whatever way that I can. My eyes skim the diary. Last night he ate a poached egg with toast and this morning he had cereal for breakfast. I nod my approval and close the book, smiling at Peeta with delight. "Good job," I say. "No red stars for a while now!" The red stars represent a meal that he couldn't stomach and forced back up. There hasn't been any stars marked for a week now. "Yeah, it's kind of getting easier," Peeta replies sheepishly. "I think I can even see some muscle coming back," Clove says, playfully punching Peeta's arm. "Now I know you're just kidding around with that one," Peeta smiles back. Clove blows on her knuckles and rubs them against her shirt. "I speak the truth and nothing but!" she declares dramatically. "Except when you're caught selling beer to the Freshmen," I remind her with a grin. "Then it's all 'oh, I thought it was ginger ale'!" "Can it Everdeen, I'm making a point." Clove sticks her tongue out at me childishly. I stick my tongue back out at her. Miss Trinket calls Clove over to talk about her recent bleep test results. Peeta takes my hands in his and asks, "How are you really feeling?" I shrug. "Shitty," I admit. Peeta can spot a lie from a mile off. "I've been having these horrible nightmares." I lower my voice to a whisper. "About going into labour and the birth." Peeta nods his understanding. He strokes the top of my hand with the pad of his thumb and it's extremely relaxing. "Do you have an appointment with a midwife yet?" he asks quietly. "Yeah, my mum made one for me," I reply. "It's on Friday at 4:00." "Well, that's good then," Peeta says. "You can get all the information you need from them." I nod. The appointment with the midwife will apparently get me started on a long list of things I must do during this first trimester. I'm already behind since I didn't figure out I was pregnant until midway through. I'll be hitting the second trimester in December and I haven't even started anything I'm supposed to have done yet. "Peeta?" "Hmm?" "Will you come with me?" I ask. "I'm supposed to bring the father but I can't bear to tell Marvel yet because I don't trust him. He'll tell everyone and I'm not ready for that." Peeta's eyes shone with concern. "Am I allowed? Since I'm not . . . ?" "Oh yeah, of course you are. It's not like you're intruding or anything. I can bring anyone I like, it's just the first choice is usually the dad," I quickly explain. Peeta then smiles. "Then of course I'll come with you," he says. I lean forward and hug him. He wraps his arms around me and gives me a squeeze. I'm content to just stay this way. My face seated perfectly in the crook of his neck. My nose buried in his collarbone. My hands hooked around him. Bodies nearly pressed together. It so relaxing, so nice, I feel like I could almost fall asleep- Something cold suddenly engulfs me and I scream in shock. Peeta and I jump apart and I realize with horror that I'm drenched in something sticky. I spin around and see Glimmer standing a bit away from us with an empty cola cup in her hand. "Stop with the humping, you're making us sick," she spits. I move to stand up and fire something back at her but Peeta grabs my arm and holds me tight. I look at him with fire in my eyes but he shakes his head in this tiny minute way that only I can see. I slacken. I promised him I'd stop baiting Glimmer and company. I have to become the bigger person. "Glimmer!" Miss Trinket yells. "What was that all about?" "The loser twins were imprinting on each other," Glimmer snaps. "It was making me feel nauseous." "Go to Principal Snow's office now!" Miss Trinket shouts. Glimmer shrugs and chucks her cup away behind her as she leaves. The rest of the class are snickering in amusement. Peeta pulls a packet of tissues out of his pocket and hands it to me to dry my face with. He wipes himself down as well. We both know that Glimmer won't get punished. It's almost become a routine now. Clove returns to the table, looking like a bull about to rampage a small village. "I'm going to fucking strangle that bleached bitch," she mutters. "It's okay, Clove," says Peeta. "It's honestly not worth it." "Yeah. No one got hurt. We're okay," I add. My clothes are already beginning to stick to me and the smell is making me feel nauseous myself. I stick my hand up. "Miss Trinket, can I use the bathroom?" "Of course, Katniss," Miss Trinket replies. "Do you need someone to come with you?" Clove asks quietly. I shake my head. "No, I'm fine." I stumble out of the room and run to the bathroom. Thankfully it's empty as I throw myself into the nearest cubicle and upchuck my breakfast. The smell of vomit fills my nose and throat and I have to force myself not to cry. This is how my life is going to be for the next eight months. I have to learn to deal with it. A/N: I am currently doing some research regarding pregnancy so I can make Katniss' journey as accurate as possible. This story won't revolve around the fact that she's carrying a baby but it's something that also can't be ignored at the same time until it's been nine months. Thanks for reading, I'd love to hear your thoughts! :)