you spout blasphemy and sin like you'll never get the chance to do it again." Cato ran up behind Peeta and grabbed him before he could get away. Peeta screamed and kicked out, only to have himself held against Cato in the darkness with a hand around his mouth. "Would you listen to me, I'm trying to make a point," the demon hissed. "Out of all the angels I've ever encountered, you are by far the most tolerable. And I'm not just saying that because 'Lord' sculpted you with a bangin' body. That's why I'm trying to help." Help?! Why the hell would a demon want to help an angel?! It was unheard of. "There's something wrong. I don't know what it is but there's something. It's not just going on here on earth, it's happening down in hell and very likely up in heaven as well. It may or may not affect how this war is going to turn out. But if we have any hope of figuring out what it is, we'll have to work together." Peeta beat his wings hard enough that Cato was forced to let go of him. "I am not going to work with you," he snapped. "You must be mad to think I would." "It's not about being angelic or demonic!" Cato snapped back. Peeta was taken aback by how serious he was being. Out of every spat he'd had with Cato in the past, never had Cato yelled. He had always been annoyingly cool and collected. "What's it about then?" Peeta asked cautiously. "The walls between heaven and hell are beginning to fade. I don't know why but they are. If we don't have that separation then what's to stop good people falling into hell or bad people going to heaven?" Cato demanded. "That's impossible," Peeta replied. The night had grew cold and his wings drew closer to his body in an attempt to warm himself. "The walls between heaven and hell are the strongest in existence. The only way they would ever fade or break down would be if . . ." He trailed off, his eyes widening in horror. "If someone was trying to break them down themselves," finished Cato. Peeta's heart fluttered nervously. "I have to talk to God," he said, turning to fly back to Snow and tell him about what Cato had spoken of. "You can't talk to God about this!" Cato snapped, grabbing Peeta's wrist to stop him, even though the angel immediately yanked it away. Cato hissed and spat out blood, the word 'God' burning his mouth like acid. "For all we know, he could be involved." "You're nuts!" Peeta exclaimed. "Why would he be involved in such a sinister plot?" Cato rolled his eyes and lightly smacked Peeta's arm with his tail. "Have a little perspective. Your Lord is losing. Maybe he's doing this as a last resort. Unleashing chaos on the world so that he won't lose. Are you seriously trying to tell me that after everything he has done: breaking his own rules, committing sins, fighting the good fight with dirtied morals, that you don't believe he isn't capable of this?" Peeta stared at the demon long and hard. Cato was surely trying to trick him. Lucifer had sent him on a mission to break him; see if he could tempt him into believing lies about Snow. Well, Peeta wasn't going to fall for it. He backed away from Cato, keeping his eyes on the trickster the whole time. "I won't be tempted by you," he snarled. "Find someone else to feed your lies to!" Cato groaned and rolled his eyes. "Normally I'd be all for you being stubborn but this is the most inappropriate time!" he exclaimed. "Be silent demon!" Peeta snapped. "I won't believe your lies!" "Oh for the love of . . ." Cato rubbed his temples and pointed at Peeta threateningly, "Think about what I've said. When you start noticing that I'm right-and you will notice that I'm right-come to the gates of hell and ask for Belial." "Belial?" Peeta frowned. Cato was already walking away. "It's my name now. Cato Belial Hadley." Peeta watched as the demon disappeared into the mist. He clenched his fists and cocooned himself in his wings to comfort himself. Cato was wrong. The walls between heaven and hell couldn't fall. That's why they were built as strong as they were. And even if someone was trying to break them down, it certainly wouldn't be Snow. 'Belial' was barking up the wrong tree. Belial. Peeta knew that name. It was the name of a deceptively beautiful angel but the name itself meant without worth. Why would Cato wish to be on the side of a leader who gave him a name like without worth? Why would any of the fallen angels want to be treated so horribly, anyways? Peeta parted his wings and took off with the intention of heading back to Snow and reporting everything Cato had told him. Even if the demon had been talking rubbish, Peeta still had to tell Snow, to find out why such a lie would have been concocted. What Peeta didn't know, however, was that he and Cato were going to meet again. Very soon. And it was going to be him that stood before the gates of hell to make it happen. A/N: So, tell me what you think? I have big plans for this story that will involve love; deception; heartache; passion; sex; violence; friendship; magic and probably much more. The end game is Peetato which I wouldn't normally give away if I wasn't so sure that some readers may question this through the progress of the story. Trust me, it's Peetato. There may be parts-many parts-where you'll think, "Ehhh, are you sure this is Peetato?" but believe me, it is. In the beginning it's a love/hate relationship but, come on, there's nothing like a good heated squabble to get the passion stirring ;)