the annoying guffaw and she finds her fingers itching for a knife. "What`s this then?" Eyeing the velvet box warily, it`s her turn to choke with his slurred reply. "Belongs to loverboy sweetheart—he was going on about guilt, and love and death and all that selfless shit he`s so known for." "And the ring?" she croaks. "Twas supposed to be for yah. Wanted to propose, but ever since he`s gotten down with that little flu from the trackers, he thinks he doesn't want to burden you with his sorry ass. Wanted me to give the ring to you when you know, he`s kicked the bucket." He pauses, as if for an afterthought. "I dunno. Maybe you could wear it on a necklace after, Kids do that these days, don't they?" And this is all it takes for her palm to land squarely on his cheek. "Out." She hisses. And he`s got no choice but to stumble out for her door when she throws a knife at him and nicks him on the arm. HG HG HG He`s sketching quietly by the kitchen table when she barges inside the room. "What`s this?" She angrily slams the velvet box in front of him, her grey irises boring at his azure ones, demanding, challenging. He visibly gulps, and had this been any lighter situation, she would have snickered at the thought that Peeta Mellark, a survivor of two Hunger Games, a fighter, a rebel and the other face of the revolution—is obviously scared of Katniss Everdeen. "Katniss, you and I both know it`s a ring." he answers dejectedly. He moves to get hold of the box, but her hand grabs it in an instant. "I shouldn't have entrusted Haymitch with it in the firs place…" he mutters under his breath. "Should have given it to Sae and asked—" "You should have given it to me." He cocks an eyebrow. "So you`ve had a complete beer-and tell one-to-one interview with Haymitch then?" Another sigh leaves his lips as he stands up and collects his sketchpad. "Then there`s no point in me explaining. You know why it hasn't been given to you." She has to block all thoughts of violence in her head as she grits her teeth in reply. "I know why it hasn't been given to me, I just don't understand why." And she really doesn't, not for any sorry bit of it. "Katniss, I`m sick and you`re not." "And what connection does it have with any of this?" She demands angrily. "Everything!" He snaps and she is visibly taken aback because Peeta Mellark never really snaps and she`s surprised when he does. "I don't want to force you into taking care of me, I don't want to be a burden. I am my own responsibility!" His tears are mirrored in her eyes when she answers defiantly. "You`re never a burden! You never were, and never will be!" His next words still her. "Taking care of me is not your obligation. You have your own life to live ahead of you." He is shaking, and she is shaking, and at that moment, all she is thinking is how the odds are never in their favour. At least not in hers. "You heard him." "Yes." "Do you believe in what he said?" His answer is heartbreaking. "Yes." And for the second time that day, she finds her palm connecting against a cheek. Has slapping become her new violent outlet? Dr. Aurelius would not be happy. "Not allowed!" she cries, "You`re not allowed to be that selfless! You`re not allowed to think of others when you`ve got so much on your plate! You have to let me take care of you, because I want to, and if I cant I don't know what else to do because taking care of each other is what we do! And-" she grabs his hand and stuffs the velvet box in his hold, "You`re going to have to give me the ring yourself! Because you`re not getting rid of me anytime soon!" Her gaze is smoldering heat as she stomps away from the kitchen and slams their bedroom door shut. It takes him a moment to get his bearings, but when her words click to him, a small smile lights his lips. As he climbs the flight of stairs leading to their room, only one reel of thought is playing in his head: Katniss Everdeen, the girl I`ve loved even before I`ve learned the knead dough, has just inadvertently asked me to propose to her . He is grinning when he stands in front of her closet and pulls the handles open. "Katniss," he pauses, as he drinks in her image; haunched and sandwiched between winter blankets, arms wrapped around her shaking knees, tears clinging on to the lashes of her eyes, wide with surprise and vulnerability. For a moment either of them stay deathly still, until… "Am I allowed to… to kiss you now?" It's a question unexpected but never unwelcomed. So although it takes several heartbeats for her to respond, finally, her head dips forward in assent and he leans forward, his hands on the wooden planks of the closet and her still stubbornly inside the closet. When his lips touches hers, she sighs, and inwardly, she is thinking about how ridiculous they look, the boy with the bread standing in front of a closet in a moonlit room, and the Mockingjay, sitting inside said closet, arms crossed, but face tilted…and both of them… kissing. It`s not the stereotypical scene for a Happy ever after ending, but with both of them so broken and so irreparably damaged, she knows she`ll take it. ~Fin I was about to delete this in my archive when I reread it and decided it wasn't as bad as I originally thought it was. So, up to the site it went . Im suddenly resurrecting the few ideas I had for this fic! Please be nice and drop your plot suggestions as well!