he accepts it. He was responsible for her whole family, responsible for protecting her along with the girl on fire. So his brother stays seated and instead, he walks out of the cafeteria. He looks around the hall. Something inside him knows where she is, because it's where he's been before. Her sister retreats there to hide and regroup and occasionally he's been there as well. Picking up pieces and gluing her back together. It's only fitting she would run here as well. He pries open the door, carefully so no one in the surrounding area would hear his betrayal. She's there, standing under boxes of paper and perfectly sharpened pencils. She has taken her hair down from the tight District 13 approved bun she wore so often now. The top few buttons of her blouse were undone and again, that stab of jealousy cut him as he knew it was for his brother. She sees him and her face furrows into a look of surprise. But it is fleeting and in just a few seconds, she folds her hands over her chest and glares. "What are you doing here?" She hisses, her throat sliding up and down with each word. The slip out like the paperclips she stands under, curved with sharp edges. He doesn't answer. He knows she is angry, he knows she has seen him with her sister and seen their relationship and knows he has claimed the girl on fire as his. He knows he has cast her aside and she has looked towards other venues, other people to find that connection. He knows all this, but he still strides towards her. He still lifts her, gripping her knees as he draws her into him. She pulls away, but she doesn't really try. He crushes her against him. He brings his lips, his teeth, and his tongue into hers. She breathes into him and he hears the low hum of her moan. His hands slide up her thighs and he adjusts her so that there is no denying what either of them wants. She is on top of him and she is against the wall and they are together. She grows louder, bringing her lips to meet his. Her tongue glides across them and up his jawline. She shakes and he draws tight. Under her, he feels his vision start to blur as she shifts faster. "Say my name," she whispers into his ear. It is husky and he feels it in his gut. She starts to slow the rocking she's perfected in her hips. His fingers press into her harder as if he could convince her with touch. He needs her to keep that rhythm. Desire burns away the jealousy—he just wants her now. "My name," she demands again, harder. He feels her teeth brush against his ear. Her fingernails dig into the grooves of his back. "Say it." And because he is on the edge, because he can feel himself so far inside her, so close, he breathes "Prim." "Prim," he says again. He feels her smile. "Prim, Prim, Prim." With each utterance, she drives faster and faster. She rewards him for committing to her. He feels her crashing down on him and he can't control himself. He pulls her close one last time and utters her name one last time before he goes silent. And she waits. She does not untangle herself, but instead cradles the back of his head. She listens to his breath hitch, contract and catch. He tries to steady himself, focusing on her skin which felt cool under his heat. Only after he slows, only after she is sure he has complete control, does she step down from his hold. She places both feet on the ground and pulls down her skirt. "Remember that," she says. It is the last thing he hears except for the click of the door behind her. Silver is the worst color. Not as pure as white or as dark as black, silver deceives. And in the sun, under the bright light and next to the dark marble of the Capitol, it bleeds. The children's screams are impossible to shut out. He can feel the fire on his skin, but the cries are what causes his pain. A small girl, clutching an arm that was no longer attached, stumbles over a patch of concrete. She slips and falls to the ground. From the window, he sees a blonde bend over the little girl and cradle her. Hands he is all too familiar with pick up the severed arm. Blonde hair surrounds around the pair and makes a veil, shielding the gore from his eyes. He can't breathe, he can't find himself. He knows he is standing in a house and he knows he is in danger. The Peacekeepers besides him tell him that. But he can't focus on anything else but the window besides him. The sun catches those silver parachutes just right. The fabric glints, and then with only the briefest hiss for warning, the fabric explodes. When he looks again, there is a giant hole where she used to be standing. When she comes to see him the next morning, he cannot look at her. She is covered head to toe in scars, but the grief is etched into her skin. "Did you do it?" She asks, "Were they yours?" "I don't know," he answers. He sees bits and pieces of her sister in the way she holds herself. "How could you?" He feels the sharpness behind her agony. Once, a long time ago, he would have held her. He could have reached for her and pulled her close. "She was just a little girl," she rasps. He thinks of her sister, bare and beautiful like how he remembers her best. "No," he says, thinking of the store closet and the kitchen table and his bed. "No," he reiterates, his voice a little stronger now, "She was not just a little girl."