or something?" Peeta asked incredulously. Katniss shrugged. "The guy has had a couple of conquests the past. He's very secretive about it, though. Wouldn't talk about it publicly." "Because you know how much of a scandal it would be if the country discovered that a famously powerful person was gay," Peeta bitterly muttered. With Panem's attitude towards sexuality and relationships, the country might as well still be in the dark ages. Sometimes Peeta felt like the only person who's openly came out. Which obviously isn't true but either everyone else was trying to make him feel weird about it or there really aren't that many gay men. Maybe it was a sign that he was destined to die alone. "Aw, come on, don't be like that," Katniss said. She nudged Peeta's face and forced him to look at her. She raised her eyebrows. "How do you think I feel? I spent a year trying to get you to have sex with me without realizing that idea probably wanted to make you vomit." "I wouldn't say vomit," Peeta replied, Katniss' smile being as contagious as the chicken pox. "The idea just wasn't appealing at the time." Katniss laughed. "Is that what they call it now-a-days?" she chuckled. Passing him another can of beer, she asked, "Remember that time we were playing Super Mario Kart and I wanted to make out but you kept insisting that it was of the upmost important that you beat Rye's high score?" The memory made Peeta laugh as well. It had only been two months into the relationship and he had had himself convinced that it was too soon to be locking lips with Katniss. She had been insistent, trying to take the Wii remote out of his hands and pressing kisses against the side of his neck that she probably thought would capture his attention. Really, Peeta should have noticed then that something was up. But no, it took Magic Mike and the twinge for him to realize the truth. And Alex Petifyer's abs, of course. "I suppose I should I known," Katniss continued. "However, it was nice to have someone to talk to about the almost inhuman good looks of Davey Plum post break up." Peeta groaned at the memory of the human equal of a Greek God who used to sit in front of him in calculus. "Do not get me started," he warned. This made Katniss laugh. She winked and looked at her watch. "Yes! My shift's ending in five minutes," she said. "Any plans?" Peeta asked. "I've got a date tonight," she answered. "Oh cool, anyone I'd know?" "Probably not." Even though Peeta had been the one to break up with Katniss, she seemed to be doing better in the field of romanticism that he had ever since. He remained a lonely spinster, awaiting the day where he would discover the perfect man who would be attracted to him in return. Long after Katniss left for her date, Peeta stayed in the bar, contemplating how his life had become as lonely as it had. This lead him to order another can of beer. And another. And another. And another. By the time he left The Seam, he was completely smashed. Common sense dictated that he should have went across the road to Delly's and stayed there for the night but, stubborn as usual, Peeta found himself taking the road less travelled back to Casa De Mellark. Which was three miles away. Along the way he took multiple breaks on park benches and bus stop seats, almost falling asleep on them every single time. Three quarters of a mile through, Peeta stopped and drew his knees up to his chest on a park bench not far from the center of the city. Pressing his face against his thighs, he took a deep breath and closed his eyes. He wasn't going to make it if his head didn't clear up and if he fell asleep on the bench, chances were that a hobo was going to steal his satchel. "Peeta Mellark?" Looking up, Peeta could have sworn he saw Cato standing in front of him. Probably the alcohol. Definitely the alcohol. All the talk of the man mingled with the toxins in his head and caused an apparition of the gorgeous man to appear in front of him. "Mr. Hadley?" he replied, his voice at a snail's pace. "What are you doing?" "Waiting to throw up." Peeta really didn't mix with huge amounts of alcohol. Someday he would grow to accept this. "What are you doing?" "Wondering why you're sitting on a park bench at one in the morning waiting to throw up," Cato answered. He held something out towards Peeta. "Drink this." "What is it?" Peeta asked, taking it regardless. "It's water," answered Cato. "Drink it before you really do throw up." The water felt like liquid gold as it slid down Peeta's throat. However, once it reached his stomach it reacted unhappily with the alcohol in his system and he threw himself over the side of the bench as he vomited up everything he had consumed in the past three hours. "See, I lied," Cato explained. "It's water with a tablet dissolved into it designed to rid the body of toxic substances." Peeta would have responded with a cutting remark if he wasn't currently throwing up. He felt a hand on his back, rubbing in a comforting manner. It helped elevate the horror a little, especially when he nearly fell off the bench as a cough wracked his body. When he finished, he pressed his forehead against the cool metal of the bench and sighed. He did feel better, he hated to admit, now that most of the alcohol had been forced from his system. "Better?" Cato asked. "Eh." Peeta felt his eyes droop and didn't notice himself sliding off the bench until it was too late. The last thing he registered before he blacked out was Cato shouting his name.