she wasn't enjoying herself but more because she suddenly had a lot on her mind. She wanted to talk to Peeta about something and wanted to be there when he got home. She sighed and stood up. "I better be getting home," she yawned. "It's getting late." The girls bid her goodbye, continuing their drinking and gossiping without her. Katniss left the house into the cool night air. Stretching her arms and heading down the path towards her house, Katniss felt like she had just run a marathon. Divulging information about one's love life seemed to be quite the exhausting task. Although, it had gotten her thinking about quite a few things. Including her sex life with Peeta. How they never seemed to venture beyond the realm of normal, and never experimented with each other attempted to be adventurous. Why was that? They certainly trusted each other enough . . . It was dark when she got in, but could see a light spilling out from their bedroom, an indication that Peeta was home. She mounted the stairs and hopped up them two at a time, before nudging their door open and standing in the doorway. Peeta was reading a book in bed, the bedside lamp being the source of the light. He had a pair of glasses on the end of his nose, which he had bene given last year when mandatory eye exams became a thing. Apparently when he had been at the mercy of his stylists, one of them put something in his eyes to make them bluer, against Portia's orders, and now he was paying the price of it later down the line. "I didn't think you'd be home so soon," he said, glancing up from his book to smile at Katniss. Just that smile alone did things to her . . . "Speak for yourself," Katniss replied, lingering in the doorway. "What happened to going out with Thom and Tax?" "We went out for a bit, but there wasn't much going on. We had a few quiet drinks then went home," Peeta explained. Katniss stepped into the room and shut the door. She didn't want to beat around the bush about what was on her mind. "Do you think we're vanilla?" she asked. Peeta frowned, closing his book over and giving his undivided attention to Katniss. "As in . . . ice cream?" he asked. "Sexually," Katniss said flatly. "That doesn't help me any." Katniss sighed. "Like, some people don't mix it up, they just sort of stay in a box. In their comfort zone. They don't do anything different." "I always figured you preferred your comfort zone," Peeta admitted, somewhat sheepishly. "Because it's . . . well . . . comfortable." He narrowed his eyes skeptically. "What exactly were you girls talking about?" "Girl talk," Katniss answered. "Apparently it vastly concerns a person's sex life." This made Peeta chuckle. "Are you sure that's not just Johanna?" he asked Katniss conceded at that. "It could be. But now that the question has been posed I can't stop thinking about it. Besides, it was Annie who proposed the question of vanilla." Peeta shook his head, seeming to be mildly amused about this entire conversation. "Why vanilla? Why is it called that? Is there a flavour for each lifestyle?" "I don't know, apparently it's a common saying," Katniss answered. "I'm sure Johanna lives the life of cookie dough and Delly is mint chocolate chip." Her shoulders sagged. "And we're vanilla." "And that's . . . bad?" "It's boring!" Despite noticing Katniss' sight irritation, Peeta couldn't help snorting with amusement. " Boring ?!" he exclaimed. "So those multiple orgasms you experience just get tiresome after a while because they're received in the same way?" Katniss flushed bright red, a scowl burning onto her features. "I know that you know what I'm trying to say!" she declared. "You're just getting amused like the girls did because poor pure Katniss Everdeen still can't talk about sex properly!" Peeta shook his head, still smiling. "You seem to be doing alright at the moment." He pushed his fingers through his hair and picked at the sticker on the front of his book. "So, since you seem to be freshly sexually awakened, how do you purpose to remedy this sudden distaste for vanilla ice cream?" He was enjoying this too much. Katniss half wanted to smack that ribbing smirk from his face and half wanted to kiss it off. Katniss crossed the room until she stood at the end of the bed. "Let's do it. Right now," she said. This caused Peeta to raise his eyebrows with surprise. When he saw that Katniss was dead serious, she could see how his pupils swelled a little with excitement. "You'll need to give me a minute to put my leg back on . . ." he said, jerking to his head at the bedcovers, the absence of his fake leg clear through how they sat. Katniss' eyes fell on the metal prosthetic limb, which sat where it always did at this time of night, by Peeta's side of the bed. She remembered what they had talked about at Johanna's house, and how it reminded her of how much she enjoyed those respites where Peeta's bad leg meant he had to lie down. Outside of the box. Katniss smirked. "Leave it off." A/N: Hi guys! This was just a one shot for funzies to get me back into the Everlark spirit after what feels like forever! I hope you guys got a giggle out of reading it as I got from writing it. Of course, a lot of it is a matter of opinion because nobody knows for sure what led Katniss and Peeta to their first time having sex since it isn't canonically written. However, I hope this interpretation was enjoyable to read :) Depending on popularity I might make this a collection of one shots but I can't make any promises. Thanks for reading!