give me time to take some online classes and finally get my degree in education. I have plenty of other family there so Peeta and I will be well looked after. Thank you so much for helping me plan the next stages of my life. I will always appreciate the friendship that you and your family have given us and it is my hope that we will always keep in touch. -Ana June 15 Up until that point, he had thought that the worst day in his life was the day that his father left him behind. But now, as he stands there in front of Katniss before he leaves Panem for good, he realizes that he was wrong. This moment would definitely be etched in his mind forever as the worst day of his life. He had been so angry the day his mother told him they would be moving to California. They had family there that was willing to help them survive. His mom wouldn't have to pay for their house anymore and she would have a job that would allow her to spend more time with him. But he didn't care. He didn't care about any of it. He wanted to stay here in Panem, with the Everdeens. With Katniss. He begged, pleaded with his mom to let him stay, if not with the Everdeens then at least with uncle Haymitch. He threw a fit when his mother had said no, said that they were a family and they needed to stick together. Didn't she know that his family was there with the Katniss? He had kicked, screamed, and even threw things to get her to say yes. He promised to run away again if she kept him away. At that point, his mother had had enough of his antics and punished him by taking away his games and not letting him see Katniss for a week. He later broke down again in tears as he apologized to his mother for the way he acted. Now that the time had come for him to say goodbye, he didn't know what to do or say. His mother was busy thanking the Evedeens for everything they've done. Mr. Everdeen had already said that Peeta has a room waiting for him if he ever wants to come back and visit. Hearing him say that brought fresh tears in his eyes. He really didn't want to leave them. Katniss shifted from left to right, looking everywhere but at him. He knew that saying good-bye was just as hard for her than it was for him. Peeta stood with his hands behind his back, clutching a gift that he had picked for Katniss before they left his house for the last time. When their eyes finally met, he could see tears starting to form in her eyes. He brought his hand from behind his back and held out his gift to her. In his hand was a single pink primrose wrapped in a tissue, just like the one he had given her when he first saw Katniss dance. She was just as beautiful then as she is now. Nothing would ever change that. His hand trembled a bit as he held out his gift to her. A small smile formed on her face as she accepted it whole-heartedly. "It's my flower!" she said as she brought it up to her nose to smell the beautiful aroma. "I'm sorry it's not a rose like all the other ballerina's get," said Peeta. Katniss shook her head, "No Peeta this is my flower, my rose remember?" He didn't have the heart to tell her that primroses aren't really roses, didn't really think it mattered. All that mattered was the fact that he put a smile on her face, a smile that he had grown to love. "This will always be my favorite flower because of you Peeta," she said. She stepped closer to him. "I'm going to miss you Peeta," sniffed Katniss. He met her gray watery eyes that he had grown to love these past two years. How would he ever survive without them? "I'm going to miss you too Katniss," he replied, "you're my bestest friend, don't you ever forget that." She wrapped her arms around him. "You're my best friend too," she whispered as her tears began to wet his shirt. "I'm sorry I'm leaving. If I could I would stay with you and we'd never be apart." "I know Peeta, its not your fault," she replied as she let him go. Peeta felt his heart shatter at the loss of contact. "I promised you I wasn't going to leave you," he said. She shook her head, "you're not. I'll see you again, one way or another." "Promise?" "I promise." "Maybe next time I see you, you'll be a famous ballerina," he said. "And you'll be a famous baseball player for the Mockingjay's," she responded. "Peeta," he heard his mom say, "its time to go, we need to start driving before all the traffic slows us down." With one final goodbye to the Everdeens he turned towards Katniss again. Before he could say anything she stood up on her tiptoes and met his lips with her own. It lasted for no more than a second, but he knew right then and there that he was goner. His heart and soul would forever belong to Katniss Everdeen. He began to walk towards the car with a goofy grin on his face when he heard her shout his name. "Write to me?" she asked. "Always." Dear Katniss, You are my very best friend. I will never forget you. EVER. Please don't give up on us. I will come back for you. I will come back. -Peeta Thank you guys for reading! As mentioned before, this is an introductory chapter. I will be continuing this story in the future after I finish my current WIP. Please visit me on Tumblr where I am blossomonatree91 :D