out early," he said, clearly trying to start a conversation. Katniss ignored him and continued to read. "I see you come out here every day after school," he continued. "I know you see me too because you always have this endearing scowl on your face when you notice me." Katniss scowled at the pages. What was this guy's deal? He inched closer to her and Katniss' head snapped up instantly, shooting a firey glare in his direction. Too close. "Yikes," he held his hands up in mock surrender, inching backwards again. Katniss returned her eyes to her book. Marvel grabbed Glimmer around the waist and kissed her passionately. "If you think I'm going to let you go then you have another thing coming," he growled as his hands tugged on her skirts. "I love you too much for that"- "My name's Peeta," the blond boy said, holding his hand out towards Katniss. If he touched her, she was going to scream. Or bite him, whichever came first. "And I just want to establish right now that I am not a stalker," Peeta continued, a smile too bright for Katniss' liking burned into his features. He didn't seem to care that she didn't shake his hand, and actually made the retraction of his hand again look casual and not at all awkward. Katniss stared at him, trying to figure out his angle. What did he want? All boys wanted the same thing, but he couldn't possibly be seeking it from her on a wet bench on a disgustingly grey Wednesday afternoon, right? If he was, then he had another fucking thing coming. "Okay, maybe I am a stalker." Katniss could instantly tell from the way his blue eyes sparkled that he was kidding this time, however it didn't put her at ease at all. "I live in the house next door." He jerked his thumb behind him, at the house beyond the tree he usually leans again. "As I say, I see you coming out of here every day and sitting on this very bench. You always look lonely." Katniss must have looked alarmed because Peeta immediately backtracked. "In a totally pretty, brooding kind of a way," he added. Katniss rolled her eyes and returned to the book, trying to make it perfectly clear that she was ignoring him and was not enjoying his company. " I want to feel your hands on my body," Glimmer purred, "prove to me that you are the one I should choose"- "Victor's Passion, huh?" Peeta said, looking over Katniss' shoulder at the book in her hand. "I read that for English Literature last year." Ha ha. He was really not funny. "You know how fun it is to write comparative essays of the authors choice of words." He steepled his hands and looked dramatically to the sky. "Please sir, I want to play you like a clarinet of love." He grinned at Katniss out of the corner of his eye and winked. He saw her unimpressed expression and cleared his throat. "Or powerful trombone of masculinity if you prefer." Katniss looked at the book in her hands and turned her nose up. Annoyingly perceptive, Peeta immediately said, "I'm not making fun of your reading tastes. In fact, I'm even worse. I read the entire Twilight Saga three weeks ago in the space of three days." Where did he find time to read four books in three days? He was clearly lying. "Team Edward, obviously," he added. Katniss turned around on the bench so her legs hung over the side, ripping the page she was on out of the book and stuffing it into her pocket. She could feel Peeta's eyes on the back of her head and she willed Rose to show up already. What was taking her so long? Why did Peeta choose the day Katniss' mother would be late to talk to her? "Want some bubblegum? I usually use it to freshen my breath, or make it at least smell less disgusting." Peeta stood up and walked around so he was standing in front of Katniss. She had to crane her head to look up at him. He was tall, and slender, like he could blow away in the wind. "Of course, it sticks with you for ages, but at least if you're planning to kiss anyone in the moment you won't smell of morning breath." Katniss stared. Was he telling her that her breath smelled? "I'm rambling aren't I?" Peeta cringed, throwing a bubblegum cube into his mouth. He waited, staring at Katniss as she stared at him. It was really uncomfortable, and Katniss briefly wondered if The Reaping would care if she threw herself in front of a truck now instead of in 22 days' time. "Your cast looks uncomfortable," Peeta said, gesturing to her neck. "Did your mother drop you on your head as a baby and this is the outcome?" Still not funny. Despite the sudden urge to smile . . . "Ahh, I get it, you went to a rock concert and headbanged too hard?" Peeta wiggled his eyebrows at Katniss. "Whip lash is a bitch. Or so I've heard. Someday I'll take you to a rock concert and you can show me what you did. Mind you, I am a pro banger myself." He frowned and opened his mouth to say something else when Katniss' mum finally pulled up in the street. Katniss jumped off the bench and made for the car. As she left, she heard Peeta mutter to himself, "Pro banger? What the hell is wrong with you, Mellark?" Her mother leaned forward to gaze out the window again, a confused frown glued to her features. "Do you know him?" she asked. Katniss didn't answer. Heart pounding in her chest, she slapped the steering wheel. A clear indication to drive. When she glanced out at the rear view mirror, Peeta stood by the bench, waving her goodbye with a stupid grin on his face.