on a simple fist in the air, with a firm base, standing squarely on his legs. "Stay frozen, while I load some film into my camera. I need to capture this, and I think you would look great on any poster. Any publicity is good, and this will stop people in their tracks." The camera clicked, and the maganese flash flooded the room. It almost set the vase tumbling again, but Delian knew this was too close to the finishing line to allow any imperfection. By his sheer will, he forced it back atop his head. "Excellent choice, Mr. Quince," Critias adjudicated, "I've seen many a pose involving jumping into the air or rolling on the ground, or any number of combinations of such inordinate extrovertion. You appear strong and confident but grounded on firm earth this way, which is what the audience would like to see. Even though slenderness is in vogue and also an asset in the arena, I think I see potential in a powerful build too." Delian is overjoyed. "I know a considerable population of females prefer," he stopped. Delian suddenly felt vulnerable, as though his laurel was being revoked, rescinded, or somehow diminished. "Prefer you to their significant others. You see, most victors are tame, pets of the Capitol, and they yearn wildness. Do you have that flare, that uncontainable spirit of a wild animal, Mr. Quince? Are you in possession of the untamable character, of strengh, power, sweat, and raw, natural appeal that so rarely is found in the Capitol?" "Yes," Delian exclaimed, "I can do all that! I'm your boy, victor, I'll never disappoint!" I'm gonna be a star, and I'm apparently a natural at it! "You'll satiate their lust for that wildness, Mr. Quince, you'll do things that I never could. I had their admiration, but you… you'll have their love. Yes," Critias tastefully inserted, holding high his head, and gradually lowering his line of sight, looking his prized tribute from head to toe, "I could see it all now. Delian the magnificent." Immersed in euphoria, Delian could hardly conceal his overwhelming emotion, which inhibited even his faculty of speech. He eagerly awaits the next instruction. "Are you a precision dancer or a clumsy dancer?" "I'm the clumsy type," he blurted out, before he realized something. How can I be clumsy at anything? That isn't what he wants! But before Delian has the chance to correct his massive gaffe, Critias affirmed his response. "Excellent. Dancers who are too precise seem artificial, and your whole appeal is that you're not artificial. You need to know some steps and tunes, but not too many, and certainly not the obscure ones. Leave some room for the ladies to imagine and correct you, because a student is always more charming than a lecturer." Even my missteps are right. Wow. Looks like I'm born to be victor. Critias hurried to the side wall of the study and pulled down a projection screen. A projector emerges lowering from the ceiling, and a film soon comes on. It's the last Victors' Ball in the Capitol, showing numerous victors dancing to the latest tunes. "Go on, pick one of them, and copy their steps." Delian obediently chose his idol, Selenia of District 1, and started imitating her fluent rhythm and lucious body. Meanwhile, Critias returned behind his desk and started writing. "Come on," he egged on, with a colourful voice, "be one with the music. You must create the rhythm; you must dominate the dance floor like you would in the arena, even if you're a clumsy dancer. Forcefully impose yourself upon the ladies, envelop them in your masculinity, and there we have a success to behold. Don't merely be suggestive, but be aggressive." As a shirtless Delian spent almost a half hour dancing circularly, terribly out of tune, and making all sorts of sexual innuendoes, sensual firtations, and lustful grasps at the air, all done with a vase on his head and a completely satisfied expression on his face, Critias coldly assesses the amorous teenager. You almost made me feel bad. Just almost, but so very close. At the end of the day, Critias sends Delian home, even though he didn't disclose the results of the interview, leaving only "you understand my mind". Delian walked home proud and loud, just as Critias observed him with the keeness of a hawk from his balcony. Delian walked down the winding path, across the Square, then out of sight. Critias turned back into his palatial house, descended the staircase, and walked into his study, and he opened his penholder, which sat silently on the desk. He pulled out the reel containing Delian's footage, and his dark eyes locked onto the film. "I will make you cry," he mouthed. Later that night, Critias met with his fellow victors Agason and Clemmy, and the two, known to Critias since childhood, inferred something was going on. Agason didn't like contradicting Critias, however, so he took another approach. "Critias," Agason mused, "I have a problem." "If it's your problem, keep it to yourself," he said, pushing a baked broccoli crusted with cheese into his mouth. "There is considerable disquiet," the visitor elaborated, ignoring Critias, "over the lack of harmony between the various demograhpic groups in this District. These concerns originate from the highest levels." "If it has nothing to do with the Games, leave me out of it. My only concern is the Games." "Ah, but it does." "If it does concern the Games, I've got no reason to listen to you. You severed yourself from its running years ago. You're like the Capitol's ambassador here in District 2; you're their agent. We need someone who thinks and fends for District 2." Agason sighed, and his worst fears were confirmed. Critias was going to clamp down on the recent uprisings, and there was no way to dissuade him from it. Nobody has managed to dissuade Critias from anything. Even President Narita was more flexible than this.