kind of girl before. "Nope…" she says. She was intriguing and infuriating at the same time. "Katniss! Katniss where are you? It's time to go home!" a masculine voice shouts from a distance. "I am here Daddy!" Katniss shouts back. "So Katniss, huh?" Cato asks, pleased at the fact that he had got to know the name of the fiery brunette who had kept him busy arguing so long. "Yeah, make fun of it and I'll—"She says but Cato cuts her off before she could finish "Relax! You're not the only one with a peculiar name." Cato assures her. He knew the advantages and disadvantages of having an uncommon name. The advantage was that it made you stand out between 5 other Maula's and 3 other Stele's which were common names in district 2. The disadvantage was that people picked upon you if you were not strong enough to stand up to them and bash them. Cato had never faced any problems in doing the latter. "What's your name then?" Katniss asks. She had never met anyone out of her own district before. Her father never allowed her to go to the victory tour celebration as he said that it would be a way of supporting the victory of a teenager over 23 others by killing them. He said that the hunger games were a sick pageant which was meant to punish them and divide them even further, and he was right. "Cato" He answers "Cato…" she repeats "It's different, It's nice" she comments "Thanks…I guess that's your father coming" He remarks as he sees a tall athletic man coming towards them. Katniss was a splitting image of her father with the same dark brown locks and olive skin; he was carrying a bigger version of Katniss' bow and arrows and something which was probably game. "Who is this, darling?" he asks, looking curiously at Cato "This is Cato. He is from district 2. He is my…" she looks at Cato and wonders what he is to her? He was just a boy who she found in the woods and was threatening to kill not so long ago, but after talking or rather arguing with him she thought that she had come to know him to an extent. "He is my…friend." She awkwardly finishes. "Pleasure to meet you, sir" says Cato. Katniss looks at him, her gray eyes filled with surprise. There was no way possible that he was the boy who had held a blade at her and was threatening to rat her out could be so polite and diplomatic within seconds. "There is no need for such diplomacy!" Mr. Everdeen laughs and says. "And what exactly are you doing so far from your rich and aristocratic district and here in our poor, deprived one?" he said it with a sense of humor and a smile but Cato couldn't help but feel a bit uncomfortable. Like Mr. Everdeen was highlighting the fact that he was an outsider. "I am a Career, well not yet but I will be. I was selected to accompany the victor and…observe the competition in other districts." He throws a quick glance at Katniss but soon turns his attention back to Mr. Everdeen. He had noticed how 's smile faltered when he said the word 'Career'. He had expected this kind of reaction; the people from other districts thought of the careers as bloodthirsty, aggressive, brutal and slightly deranged killing machines. They didn't understand the fact that even the careers were just trying to stay alive; doing what they had to, even if it meant killing other tributes. But the other districts were right about the fact that the Career districts liked to have its victors; they didn't force the children to volunteer but expected them to. For some, this was sickening but for Cato, this was his life. "Oh yes, isn't this year's victor the one who ripped a tribute's throat?" Mr. Everdeen inquires. He tried his best to keep his voice cool and contained but Cato had seen have appalled he had looked when he mentioned the last part. "Yes, she's the one" Cato replies, keeping his voice impassive. Mr. Everdeen wasn't a bad man, but his and Cato's thoughts were very different. "Well, we should get going" Katniss tugs her daddy and says. She had noticed the tension between Cato and her father while they were talking about the hunger games. The three words were capable of inciting fears in almost everyone in district 12. The violent, ghastly games weren't an anticipated event here. "You're right honey. I'll go get the remaining game and meet you back here okay? Don't go anywhere." He instructs her and leaves. Once more, Cato and Katniss were alone together. "Do you know how to use that bow or is it just for show?" He asks. Bows were a sore subject for him. He still remembered the first time he had handled a bow and ended up breaking it in anger after none of his arrows hit the bull's eye. One would call him a passable archer but in district 2, passable was as good as terrible. "I know archery, though not as good as my father. He hits the eye of the game every single time." She replies. It was her dream to be as good as her father in archery. "That's impressive." Cato remarks. It was not easy to impress him, or rather impress anyone in district 2. "Katniss! C'mon!" her father calls from behind "I guess you have to go" Cato says. He did have an interesting time with her. "Yeah," she pauses and asks "Will I ever see you again?" "I think I'll answer that the next time we meet" He smirks and says. Katniss smiles and turns back to go towards her father. Midway, she turns back and waves bye to Cato, and surprisingly he finds himself waving back. At that moment, Cato knew that it wouldn't be easy to forget her.