the hem of my short skintight gold dress, my arms around his shoulders. He's just drunk and lonely, I remind myself, don't do anything to screw things up with the only real friend you have. But I've always been much better at listening to the devil on my shoulder than the angel, if I even have one of those—and Finnick and I have always been very good at helping each other indulge our self-destructive tendencies, so when his hand moves down to my ass and my hand slides into the sweat-soaked hair at the back of his neck, I pull him down to me as he pulls my body into his, and our open mouths meet hard. My lips have gone numb at this point of the night from the mixture of too much alcohol and the powder, and even when our tongues tangle together with almost violent force and I push him up against a wall in the corner, I don't feel anything when he kisses me. It's not just because my lips are numb either. My heart doesn't really speed up. My mind doesn't go blank, like we're the only two people in the world, like everybody always says it's supposed to when you're kissing somebody you love. I'm still very aware of all the other people in the club, especially the photographers taking pictures of us, and all I can think about is how Annie will feel when she sees these pictures. I still hear the pounding club music, and the more we kiss, the more I start to feel a little sick and exhausted, like I wish we were just hanging out in comfy clothes as friends away from all of this Capitol nonsense. It doesn't make any sense. I shouldn't even be thinking about all of this. I should be thinking about the fact that Finnick is kissing me. I've had a thing for Finnick since I met him, but the idea of actually having a chance with him has always just been this vague, unattainable joke because he's always been with Annie and she's my friend too. I know that even doing this now is completely stupid and wrong, but at least they're broken up, and besides, shouldn't the whole idea of it being illicit and wrong make it feel even more dangerous and sexy? But it just feels kind of like how I imagine making out with a brother would feel, if I had a brother. He's not a bad kisser or anything, it's just…weird. Wrong. But we're drunk and high and he doesn't stop it, so neither do I. Eventually we're making out in the back of a cab and then in his Capitol apartment, and then we have sex, and it's pretty terrible—he loses his hard-on halfway through, and I tell myself it's because he's really, really drunk—I'm actually impressed he could even get it up at all with the amount of liquor he's imbibed—and after he loses it, Finnick rolls off of me and looks absolutely miserable. Like, tears in his eyes, miserable. " I'm sorry. I'm so sorry." He won't look at me, tears slipping down his cheeks. " Dude, it's all right." I look at him with a little laugh. "You don't have to cry about it. Weird shit happens during sex, even to the great Finnick Odair. Sometimes even you drink too much and can't keep your dick hard. I'll try not to take it too personally, I promise." " You know you're my best friend in the world, don't you? My best friend." Finnick takes my face in his hands, kissing me softly on the mouth. "I love you to bits; I don't know what I'd do without you." " Okay." I look at him, confused. " I just…I can't make love to someone I'm not in love with. I'm sorry." Finnick kisses me once more, this time on the forehead. "Sleep here with me though, okay? Don't go." He rolls over in the bed next to me, and seems to be asleep within seconds. I try not to laugh out loud at the idea of Finnick not being able to be with someone he's not in love with, since fucking randoms is how he pays for his entire life, but part of me is a little relieved that we didn't end up really going all the way through with it. I fall asleep next to him eventually, and the next morning, he makes me breakfast, and we go back to being friends, doing our best to ignore the awkwardness between us. He tells me years later that Annie knows all about what happened—when they got back together, they made a promise to always be completely honest with each other, and he told her about our little rendezvous in the Capitol. Apparently she lives pretty off in the grid in District 4, and hadn't heard about it from any press. She forgave Finnick for all of his indiscretions, including the one with me apparently, and told me—in one of the most awkward conversations of my life—that she forgives me too, and we've all three stayed friends. And even though I don't really want him like that, and know firsthand that we're better off as friends, there's still a little part of me that's jealous of her, jealous of what they have. I mean, he's the person who's supposed to like me best of anyone in this world—not to mention a professional whore—and he couldn't even stomach guilty one night stand sex with me. That's just humiliating. If Finnick Odair won't even fuck you… "Johanna?" I wake up to see Katniss sitting on the edge of her bed, watching me. "What?" "You rested?" "Uh…I guess. Why?" "I need to talk." "Don't you have your family? Or Gale? Or your millions of adoring fans or something?" "I want to talk to you. It's about Peeta." A/N- Until Chapter Two! Reviews make my day, if you feel so inclined…:)