ones. "Katniss," he began, "is this…is this real? Are you pregnant?" She nodded her head as tears of joy started to fall from both of their eyes. "H-How long?" "I just found out a couple days ago," she answered. "Oh my god," he said as he quickly stood up and engulfed her with his arms. He began plastering kisses all over her face. "It's real Peeta," she giggled, "We're going to be parents. It's finally going to happen." Peeta grabbed her face and touched her forehead with his own. "Thank you Katniss," he whispered, tears still falling from their eyes, "This is the best gift anyone could give me." "I love you Peeta," she said before she lightly pecked his lips. Peeta let go of her face and suddenly kneeled down in front of her stomach and lightly kissed it. The scene made her heart flutter. "I love you too," said Peeta, "Both of you. So much." "Congratulations Mr. and Mrs. Mellark," said Dr. Aurelius as he walked into the examination room. Katniss was already laying down on the bed, being instructed to do so by Dr. Aurelius' assistant, while Peeta stood next to her. "Thank you doctor," said Peeta with a smile on his face, "thank you for all you've ever done for us." The doctor gave them a smile before he instructed Katniss to pull up her shirt so that he could spread he cold gel on her abdomen again. Once he connected the machine he quickly went to work and searched the monitor for the baby. What he found stunned him. He took a closer look at the monitor in front of him before his eyes doubled in size. "Everything ok?" asked Katniss, "I am pregnant right?" "Y-Yes," said the Doctor once he cleared his throat, "you're defiantly pregnant." "W-What's wrong?" asked Peeta, "Is the baby ok?" "Why don't you take a look," said the doctor as he turned the monitor to face them. The screen was grainy and only in black in white. The didn't really know what exactly they were looking for until Dr. Aurelius grabbed his pen and began to point things out. "See here," he began pointing to a small bean shape, "this is Baby A…" Katniss and Peeta's smiles grew so wide, they were sure it would hurt later on. Before either one of them could say anything, they heard Dr. Aurelius continue. "And this is Baby B, Baby C…" "Three?" asked Peeta. "Baby D, Baby E…" Katniss' face paled. "Baby F and," he stopped for a minute to study the monitor closer, "Oh here it is. This is Baby G." "Seven?" "Congratulations Mr. And Mrs. Mellark," coughed Dr. Aurelius, "you're having septuplets." "Are you sure?" asked Peeta as he tried to study the monitor as well, "Is that even possible?" "It is," replied the doctor, "extremely rare, but very possible. Multiple births are one of the side effects of in vitro. But it can be easily fixed through selective reduction. We can schedule you today if you'd like." "Reduction?" asked Katniss, "As in abort the babies?" "Yes. In the case of multiple births couples have the option of reducing the amount of children they want to have. Multiple births can be a dangerous thing, not only to the children but to the mother as well. They're at risk of developing some physical and mental disorders. You wont be comfortable, and you're at risk of having multiple health problems Katniss. This is something that both of you need to think about." Peeta looked down at Katniss who was trying to remember how to breathe. How was this possible? They only wanted one. She only wanted one, maybe two, but definitely not seven. This was all too much for her to decide. "Katniss," he heard Peeta whisper. She met his cerulean eyes that were filled with so much love and wonderment. "This is your choice," he said, "I don't care how many we end up having. I just want you to be healthy and happy. I love you, more than anything in the world. I'm just glad to be having one child with you." Tears began to form in her eyes. This man, this perfect man was always so good to her. He always showered her with love and adoration. He gives so much and asks for so little in return. She knew then that she could never destroy anything that was a part of Peeta. It would be as if she was destroying Peeta himself. "I want them," she said as she maintained eye contact with Peeta, "I want all of them Peeta." Peeta held his breath, "Are you sure?" "Yes," she said, "We worked so hard, suffered so much for this. I'm not giving them up now." He gave her a teary smile before he bent down and gave her a soft kiss. "We're in for a rough ride," said the doctor, "But I'm willing to help, if this is what you really want." "Thank you so much doctor," said Katniss as the doctor's assistant cleaned the gel from her belly. Peeta shook the man's hand before he stepped out to give them time to themselves. He then walked back to his wife and put his face near her belly where their seven children were. "Hello in there," said Peeta softly, "I'm…I'm your father…and I've waited so long to meet you." Katniss ran her hand through his soft curls. She knew that the next months were going to be difficult—but she didn't care. She knew that together, they could get through anything. I really hoped you guys enjoyed this story. I got the idea from watching the movie about the Dilley Sextuplets, the first surviving sextuplets in the US. However, i wanted to add another one into the mix because seven is my lucky number (you can call me superstitious if you'd like). As I mentioned above, I do plan on adding to this story. Follow me on tumblr, I'm blossomonatree91.