would hate myself if I missed it, but at the same time, having our daughter right in front of me is more than I could ever imagine. Thirsty for information, I continue on. "Tell me about yourself, Olivia Mellark. What do you like to do?" "Well, Mama's been teaching me how to shoot. She says that I'm getting pretty good. I spend time with Uncle Haymitch on the weekends and help him with his geese because he pretends that he hates them, and they're some big hassle." She cuts her eyes to the side and gives me the same look that Katniss did the first time that our mentor made a big production about how in the way the birds were, and how they were lucky that he didn't like the taste of goose. The idea that the old man's outlived me is surprising, but I'm glad that Katniss has someone with her who understands, still. "I like to paint, too. Mama still won't let me use anything in your studio, but I don't think it's because she doesn't trust me, or anything. I think it just makes her sad." Sad . The word echoes in my head, and is exactly why I didn't want to ask about her in the first place. "Marcus got in there a couple of years ago, and she's had a lock on the door ever since." "Marcus?" Her little cheeks start to turn pink, and I find myself trying to memorize the placement of each freckle that covers them. "Oh, yeah. I guess if you hadn't met me, you haven't met him, either." She turns to face away from me as she settles against me with her head tucked underneath my chin. "He's my little brother – your son. He's eight." Eight. He'll be three when I die… He probably won't even remember me. Damn it. My stomach starts to churn, and there's a high-pitched whining noise that's starting to ring in my ears, and I know that I don't have much longer here. I want to hold on, though. I want to hold on so badly that, for a second, I think that I might actually be able to. Olivia turns to face me though, and I can tell that she knows what's about to happen. She climbs off my lap and sits on her knees beside me, pressing her soft cheek to mine and running her tiny fingers through my hair. "It's okay, Daddy," she whispers. At least, I think she's whispering. Everything is starting to fade, and the noise in my ears is getting louder. "I understand if you have to go. I love you." "I love you, too, baby." I say as clearly as I can. "Tell your mother, and tell Marcus, that I love them, too." I feel the wetness of the tears on her cheek against my own for a split second, and then I'm gone. I know there is no such thing as an omission of the truth. A lie is a lie, so that is exactly what it feels like when I choose to try to soothe Katniss' fears with the affirmation that our little girl is perfect, and that everything is going to be just fine. That we're all going to be just fine. I'm lying next to Katniss, exactly one week after my first meeting with our daughter, one hand wrapped around her shoulders and the other gently covering the back of Olivia's head. There's a thick, soft layer of dark hair on her head, and I can't seem to stop running the tips of my fingers through it as she sleeps. She's pink, and wrinkled, and her face is all pinched up in a sweet, sleepy kind of concentration as she nuzzled closer against her mother's breast. "You were right. She's perfect," Katniss whispers, her eyes never leaving the bundle in her arms. I press a kiss to the corner of her mouth, tasting the sweat that's dried on her skin. She takes me by surprise as she tilts her head and lets her lips fall flush against mine. It's one of my favorite feelings, one that I'll never tire of even if her skin is dry and chapped. It anchors me to the spot beside her, along with the two invisible cords that stretch between my heart and the others in the room. When she pulls away, there's a smile on her face, and I'm not sure that she's ever looked more beautiful. I smile back as her eyes slip closed for half a second, and she tries in vain to stay awake and alert. I inhale deeply as I look down at our little family and, for the first time in years, the tightness in my chest feels like a good thing. Possibly the best thing, I think. Katniss wakes some time later as I'm contemplating moving to close the still open window. The bedroom is dark, and there is snow on the ground outside, and she is so tired that she'll surely slip back underneath the blanket of sleep soon. Her eyes are cloudy, and the word is more mouthed than spoken, but I find myself transported back in time without actually leaving for once. This time, when she asks me to stay, I choke a little on my reply. Always . The word is stuck, clinging to the back of my throat along with a sob that's almost burning to be let out. I know the timeline that I'm left with now. I try to focus on the scene in front of me, and the joy that knowing there's another moment, just as beautiful as this, yet to come. And that I'll be here for it. So I wait until the pull of exhaustion is too strong, her eyelashes resting on her cheeks, and allow the word to slip from my lips. I follow her slowly into sleep, and wish with everything I am that it could be true.