help me recover from what Snow did. But it's hard, Katniss, not being able to say these things when you are right here in front of me. I know you can hear me, but you don't listen. It's like there's a wall of silence you create around yourself that I can't penetrate, no matter how hard I try. I found the pot of stew in the cupboard, hidden away. I wish I could understand you these days. Your skin, your hands have been cleaned raw, like you're trying to rid yourself of something. Of the past, perhaps? I still remember the good things about you. Your beautiful voice and how the mockingjays would stop to listen. They would burst into song afterwards. The way you picked that dandelion after school. It was the day after I gave you the bread. We've talked often about that moment. Even the time we spent in the arena, the first one. I think the happiest moments of my life were spent in that cave. I can pull those memories back up now and I can tell which ones are real and which aren't. The thing is, the more that I can remember, the more painful it is to see you like this. I'm trying really hard to do everything I can to bring you back to me. When I was ready to give up, you saved me. You told me that you and I, we protect each other, that's what we do. At times I feel it's hopeless, but I'll always be here waiting for you. Peeta I stare at the letter, at each word so carefully chosen and written on the parchment. There are so many words in this world; some words are tossed about meaninglessly, some words form deliberate sentences that strike at the heart. And his words, be they spoken or written, get me every time. As I sink to the kitchen floor, the realisation dawns on me. It was me who was pushing him away, creating this distance. The letter affirms that. And it's happened, the thing that I had subconsciously swore never, ever to do. To fall into that depression as my mother had done. It was easier with Prim there to support. Prim needed me. My mother needed me. Now that I'm no longer needed, what am I to do? Slowly, one after the other, I read through all of them. Some aren't letters at all. In one envelope, I find a picture of a beautiful, green meadow. In another, a watercolour of a deep orange sunset that paints the landscape a soft ochre. A paragraph that could almost be a poem. In one of them, I think there is nothing at all, but when I tip the envelope upside down and shake it, a pressed dried dandelion falls to the floor. It's this that breaks me as I hold it up carefully in my cracked fingertips. The petals are a dusty yellow and the stem as fragile as the thinnest shred of parchment. It was once beautiful and bursting with life. Now it's just a flat shadow of its former self, its colours muted with age. Hot tears well up in my eyes. When is he going to realise that I'm no good? Deep inside of me lies this black thing that I'll never be rid of, this thing that caused all this death and destruction. And yet I ache for him so much—a touch, a kiss, a gentle whisper. I feel something furry nudge into my lap. Buttercup mews at me as sobs begin to rack my chest. "It's true... Prim..." Buttercup, stops mewing and looks at me eagerly at the sound of her name. "Prim wouldn't have wanted me to go on like this." I need to live. I've been waiting for a reason to go on, and I suddenly realise that I shouldn't have to have a reason. To go on living is a gift in itself. Prim's life was cut off much too early. I'll need to live it for the both of us. I need this. I cry it out, right there on the kitchen floor, surrounded by these tokens from Peeta. I'm not sure how long I stay down there, but eventually, the tears stop. I carefully replace each letter in its envelope, stacking them neatly in chronological order. I take them upstairs and open my wooden box, where I keep my mockingjay pendant, the spile and the parachute. I place those letters in the box and put them away for safe keeping. It takes everything I have to pull myself together. With renewed purpose, I braid the remainder of my hair and glance at myself in the mirror. My face is all puffy from crying. No longer will I go on like this, pitying this person who looks back at me. A new chapter will start from today, from this very moment. I take a deep breath, head downstairs and out the door. The sun is almost setting, signalling another end of a hot summer day. I run across the green, sprinting towards Peeta's house. I want to confront him. I want an answer. What are we now, if not lovers, if not friends? I don't stop to knock. I burst through the front door, breathless. But something stops me as I step into the front hallway and a look around, confused. Have I gotten the right house? I'm quite sure I have. I've only been here once before, and it's now completely changed. Gone are the bare, white walls. Instead, they're now painted a soft meadow-green with wild flowers dotted along the bottom of the left wall that leads to the door of the living room. To my right, a stream of water has been painted with cool grey rocks and sandy, muddy-brown banks. The detail of the painting and the colours dance before me as I realise what I've stepped into. It's a mural of the first arena.