tonight?" she says while blushing no doubt she is thinking of what we did last night. I reply with an eager nod. I turn so I can watch Katniss and she just looks so amazing. Her features of her face are beautiful and she has a good arm with the spear she hits just about every bullseye with the spear its like she is a career. That when I get the best idea. "Kat you know how I said I would protect you" she nods " well what if you join the careers that way you could get the arrows that you need and I could protect you." She thinks about it for a moment I can tell she is hesitant. "I would but I would have to do something big so they think I could be in with you guys." She replies and I know what she means. She has to show everyone not just the careers that she is worthy. " ok go to the hand to hand combat and verse marvel and I know you can beat him just use this move" I grab her arm and tell her when he gets her into this position what she should do. She agrees then walks over to the hand to hand combat and I walk back over to the careers. "hey look fire girl is going to the hand to hand combat Marvel you should go and take her" I say with a cheeky grin. He agrees and walks over while we cheer him on much to my despair. When the begin it turns out Katniss is actually really good for her size but then I notice that he has her in a more difficult position and I know she wont get out of it because I know that I couldn't. I start to panic then she does an incredible manover and she flips Marvel over and she has him in a head lock struggling for air. Once she finishes I turn to see everyone looking at her, and I know that she has done it and I wink at her to tell that she has. When Marvel comes back I start my plan. "guys I hate to say it but fire girl is good" I say and I don't need to act surprised because I am " I agree I think she should join us she has good potential and she has a lot of sponsers" clove says while I know she hates the idea but it will help her " what ever she isn't that good" marvel says but I know he is just saying that because he is anooyed t her beating him. "if she has sponsers then we should get her I could get nail polish" Glimmer says and I just glare at her wondering how the hell she got picked to volunteer. "ok ill go talk to her and then bring her over" I say and walk over to Katniss with a grin plastered on my face because now I can protected her. When I reach her I notice lover boy is next to her and I just ignore him. "hey fire girl" I say while trying to act tough infront him. I know katniss knows that because she doesn't react to name "what do you want 2" she replies with a mask on her face not letting any emotion show "well we all saw what you did and I can say I was IMPRESSED and we want you to join us you are good with most weapons and we can talk about what else your good with as well." I say with confidence "Katniss no don't do that they are killers" lover boy says which just agitates me even more "Look lover boy I wasn't asking you ok now let the lady speak" I saw while turning to Katniss and she is blushing "yeah ill join I can survive longer then" she replies still with her mask on. And with that we both walk over to the careers and we introduce each other "Katniss this is Glimmer, Clove and you already know Marvel." As soon as I say that we all chuckl while Marvel just glares. " so what can you do fire girl" Clove says twirling a knife between her fingers "I can throw a spear alright and im pretty good with knives and I know a lot about plants and edible foods and Im great with a bow and arrow." She says getting nods from everyone. We spend the rest of the day using weapons and then the training is over and I catch uo with katniss. " we still on for later" I say sending shiver down her spine "don't be late, I don't like to be kept waiting" she replies whispering it in my ear while nibbling on my ear making my heart skip a beat. We go our seprate ways and I head up to my room waiting for tonight. Dinner goes by wuickly me and clove tell brutus about Katniss joing us and he says we will get more sponsers. Then before I know it im in the elevator heading up to the roof. Once the doors open I decide to sneak up on katniss but as I am I hear her talking with loverboy. " what are you doing Katniss joining the careers that's so stupid of you" "Peeta you have no right to decide on what I do its my choice and I will do what I have to do to survive" "I could help you survive if you ditch the careers and ally with me I will help you" "Peeta just go I don't want to talk with you im not leaving them." And with that I hear the elevator close and I begin to walk over to her. I slide my arms around her waist and kiss her neck. "cato" she said "your not leaving ok?" I purr into her ear "never"