grins, she jumps off the bed onto me, and I was not prepared for that, we both go falling to the floor, the pastry dish spilling. "Ah, c'mon, Cat I thought you had a better grip than that." Ha, she should try having someone jump at her from a bed while she has a dish balanced on the tips of her fingers and see if she can hold onto it. "Yeah, well I guess you're getting your revenge from me landing on top of you." I point out that she's still lying on top of me. Clove shrugs, "I've been in worse situations." What does that mean? At that moment Chelsey and Brutus come into the room. They stare at us from our place on the floor. Clove scrambles off me. "Well, well, what's going on in here?" Brutus grins. "The annoying one is trying to screw Cato," Chelsey says. I notice that her hand is bandaged. "I see you're back to your great to be around self again," Clove says, smiling blandly at Chelsey. Chelsey ignore Clove and stares up at the ceiling. "Uh, Chelsey had decided that since this year's female tribute is ah," Brutus pulls out a sheet of paper from his back pocket. "You know what? I'm not going to finish this list. Chelsey is quitting from mentoring this year, Enobaria will be filling in for her, and we'll be meeting her when we arrive at the Capitol." "Ok," Clove says a bit too perkily. "Oh, one thing before I leave," Chelsey says. "Cato, it'd be best to stay away from the little-" I'm not even going to think about the long list of insulting things Chelsey now uses to describe Clove. "Awe," Clove puts her hand to her chest. "That's so sweat, I'm touched." Her temper is defiantly in control right now. Chelsey stamps her foot and stomps out of the room. Brutus smiles weakly, "I think she was trying to get you mad again," Brutus addresses Clove. Clove smiles, "I know, so I thought she'd be most annoyed if I let it in one ear and out the other." "Well it worked," Brutus chuckled. "I should a- go talk to her. And, you may want to get a servant to clean this up." He waves his hand at the pasties on the floor then leaves the room. I do decide to call a servant in to clean up the pastries, but Clove also instructs the girl to get us some hot chocolate and cookies, and not to come back until she had lots of both. The poor girl looked scared to death. After the girl leaves I turn to Clove, "you really have a way of getting what you want don't you, Clove?" "Yep, Cat, it's one thing you should learn about me." She stretches out on her bed, head leaning against the pillows; she is just over halfway on the bed. I jump onto the bed and sit next to her. "So about the games," I say casually. "Allies till the end?" Clove seems to hesitate, "Allies to the end. I'm only saying this because I trust you, Cat. Please don't betray it." I wouldn't ever do that. "Never," I tell her. Clove smiles up at me. "Look what I found in here," Clove tells me, she pulls out the glass remote again and turns back on the projector screen. "They have every single one of the Hunger Games on here." She says happily. I have got to admit, I'm quite interested in this myself. "So, how should we play it?" I ask. "1-73 or 73 down to 1?" "I'm thinking, 1 to 73." Clove says. I don't care; I just want to watch them again. "Sure," the servant girl comes into the room with a humongous silver steaming pitcher and a large plate of cookies. "Is this good enough for you, Miss?" the servant asks Clove hesitantly. "Yes, yes, this is great!" Clove beams at the girl who looks confused. "Thank you." The servant sets the plate, pitcher and two mugs down on the bedside table next to Clove and leaves the room. "Wow, Clove, sugar really gives you mood swings." "Hmm?" Clove is distracted pouring hot chocolate in the mugs. "Here," she hand me a mug. I take a sip; it is delicious, just like I remember it. "I said sugar really gives you mood swings." "What do you mean by that?" Clove raises her eyebrows at me. "I mean, one minute you're all harsh to the servant and the next you're beaming at her because she brings you a plate of cookies." "Whatever Cat, is it wrong to enjoy good food while I still can?" "I guess not, anyway all I was saying is that you get mood swings around sugar. I'm going to hate to see you in the Arena with no sugar." "That's my motivation to get out," she jokes, "getting sugar again." We both laugh. Clove turns down the lights and plays the first Hunger Games. -0_0- Around 3 a.m. Clove drifts off, we're almost done the 24th Hunger Games when she does. She has her head leaning against my shoulder and cookie crumbs on her cheeks. God, she looks cute. After these games are over, I take the remote and turn the projector screen off. Clove looks so much younger in sleep, less snarky and confident. As soon as I turn the screen off I realize how tired I am. I lean my head back and close my eyes, sleep takes me almost immediately. Ooooo he fell asleep, major cliff hanger. Ok so remember, I have this whole story already completed it depends on you whether or not I post more. Though I really hope you like it so far, after all I worked really hard on this. Cato and Clove are my favorite characters in the first book so maybe now you can like them too, at least a little. See you next time- Bookfanic