I finally connect this man to some of the whispering I'd heard at home. Although he's only been eligible for the Reaping for three seasons, he has already sired four children—all daughters for the Tribe. I think his name is Finnick. The man who lost to Finnick goes back to the far side of the clearing where the defeated are gathering. The victors find other partners and keep battling each other, working through the ranks. It takes over an hour for the men to whittle themselves down to the last two and some of the woman begin to pass around wine and food as they watch the fights. I can't relax enough to eat. The last two seem about evenly matched and the fight drags into the night, until the full moon floats high overhead. One is Finnick, a little dusty with a bruise blooming on his cheek, but still grinning. The other is blond, a little shorter than Finnick, but more broad-shouldered. He might be younger, too. The way he keeps glancing over at the women makes me think this is his first Reaping. When his eyes finally light on me, he loses him grip on Finnick entirely and the two break apart, breathing hard. "Keep starring, I can wait," Finnick says, head bowed, hands on his knees while he catches his breath. Everyone laughs, but the boy seems to take it as some kind of permission because, for a long moment, he does stare. He stares until I feel myself blush under all the powder and paint. Now that it's dark, the outfit glows just as brightly as the actual fires illuminating the clearing. The boy finally seems to tear his gaze away from my flickering and back to Finnick. After that, the fight's not even anymore. The boy seems to have gained a second wind and makes quick work of Finnick, pinning him down long enough for one of their leaders to name him victor. The men form a line based on their rank in the fighting with the blond boy at the front. Their leader, a man named Coin, walks up to Snow. He looks severe, his graying hair cropped closely to his head. He hands Snow a golden scythe. It's much smaller than I imagine a real one would be, no larger than a hand axe. "Here is your harvest, reap from it what you will," Coin says. These must be ceremonial words, but nothing can disguise the not-so-subtle bitterness in his voice. Snow walks past him, effectively ignoring Panem's leader. She hands the scythe to me. "You first, my dear," she says. Snow turns to the gathered crowd and says in a loud voice that belies her age, "Katniss, of the House of Firebirds chooses first! Which Houses must step back?" "None," a man, who'd been slumped on a tree stump the whole night, calls. He hadn't taken part in the fighting, but sat drinking from a goblet he kept refilling from a jug now lying tumbled over and empty in the grass. "There are none in our land with blood connections to that House." This man must be Panem's Reciter, a man who memorizes the dizzying web of families and history to guard against too close relations. The Twelfth Tribe keeps written records, but the men of Panem don't have that skill. This means my sire is dead. It means that he had no male children, no brothers of his own. For some reason, a diffused wave of sadness passes through me at the thought. It's ridiculous, really. I mean, I never met the man. A sire isn't part of you. Not like my sister and mother. I walk down the long line of bare-chested men. Most of the men at the front of the line are younger; the others are older, probably part of my sire's generation. A few are even older than that. I study the family symbols on their arms. Before they are given away at six months, male children are tattooed with the House of their matron. Later, if they become sires or fathers, they are marked with the emblem of those Houses as well. Some of these men have enough House symbols to cover their entire arm. Think! What do I want? It's hard because I don't want to be here at all. I want to be back in my part of the forest, hunting with Gale or better yet, at home with my sister and mother eating stew made from one of the rabbits I shot this morning. This whole thing's too much like shopping for a goat in the market. If I listen to the gossip, picking Finnick would be a sure bet. He would sire a daughter and all this could be over in five years. I'd have fulfilled my obligation and given a daughter over for training. I head back toward the front where Finnick is standing next to the blond. I'm about to name Finnick when I notice he's doing what I used to do when I didn't want an instructor to call on me. Unlike the other men who puff out their chests the minute I get near them, Finnick is hunched down, studying his dusty feet with intensity. I scowl at him. I know I may not be as beautiful as he is—most people aren't—but he doesn't have to make his rejection so clear. It's not as if I'm particularly eager to have him, either. I'm tempted to pick Finnick out of spite, but then, defeated and mentally exhausted, I turn to the blond who took first place in the contest and hold the scythe out in front of him. His face bleaches white with shock, but his piercing eyes find mine. I note that they're a bright blue. "This is your choice?" Snow asks. I nod. "What is your name?" Snow asks him. His eyes flit from me to the old woman behind me. "Peeta of the House of Lark."