was quiet save for his ragged breathing and the ebb of Cato's chest against his back. He did not move, allowing himself to take in the previous night's events. Peeta did not remember much, except that he had done an excessive amount of crying. It explained the swollen feel to his eyes. He knew he had been at the bakery, when he had been struck with the memory of Katniss; Katniss singing the valley song, Katniss at the reaping, volunteering for her sister, Katniss and the way her eyes had lit up when she saw him during the games, Katniss when she fell from the edge of the cornucopia, Katniss being ripped to shreds – it had all been too much, and he had fallen to the flour-covered floor, shaking. Finally, he had managed to crawl to the liquor cabinet and drink himself into obscurity, stumbling his way home and into bed to cry out the memory of his first love. Cato had come, then, some time later, and he had felt so ashamed, so pathetic. He was hardly worth anything, hardly worth the suffering in Cato's eyes. Peeta sighed, and then turned to look at Cato. The man was wide awake, his eyes forgiving and inquiring. Peeta met them with his own, then turned away and pull himself out of Cato's embrace and out of bed. "I'm going to the bakery," he muttered, before standing and shuffling to the armoire in which his clothes were folded neatly. He pulled out a nondescript shirt and pants, dressed quickly, and made his way toward the front door without pause. Cato followed on his heels, watching like a hawk. It was unnerving. Peeta wanted solitude, not the protection he was offered. He did not say anything, but opened the front door and hurried down the steps, refusing to look back. As Cato watched Peeta descend the front steps of the porch at the front of the house, he sighed wantonly. The sun was just edging over the horizon, brilliant plumes of color painting the sky. Like the morning, he knew that his and Peeta's battle was just beginning. Seldom an addiction had an easy remedy. Combined with the trauma of the recent events in both of their lives, Cato expected fully an extended recovery for the both of them. He shook his head, Peeta's form having finally dropped from view around the corner of the fence that bordered the Victor's Village. He turned on his heel and headed into the house, ready to confront the mess they had left the night before. On the floor in the bedroom lay the pants he had worn yesterday, the mockingjay pin forgotten in the depths of his pocket. Peeta walked to the bakery more slowly that usual. Walking so early in the morning was always a treat. The silence of the wildlife and the people asleep in their beds comforted him, and allowed him time to think without fear of intrusion, or Cato's prodding. Sometimes, he had come to believe, a man needed solitude in order to work out the tragedy in his life. He loved Cato, but wished he had more time to himself. Memories of the games were constantly played back in his head, as though the switch had broken and now they were stuck on a constant loop. Alcohol had become his safety net. It shut off the power to his nightmares, and gave him peace in his times of horror. He was jostled from his thoughts when he reached the front door of his bakery in the market. It had been rebuilt after the bombing during the rebellion, and he had imported many very expensive ingredients from the capitol so that he could experiment with high quality wares. His favorite import, by far, was the rum he had gotten for the delicate rum cakes he sometimes baked for parties. Peeta shuffled to the cabinet where the bottle was held, and poured himself a stiff glass. He needed a drink. Author's Note: I will begin with two details about the writing of this story: The first, being that I have never written about addiction or depression in such a way as I have above. Addiction is something that is extremely personal to me, as I struggled with problems myself throughout adolescence, that were largely caused in part by my depression. I have also recently lost two friends to their problems with alcohol. This work was therapeutic in that I was able to express my feelings in a way that didn't dredge up too many unpleasant memories. The second is the length of this particular one-shot. I didn't feel that the plot demanded enough to be lengthened into a multi-chapter story, but rather a one shot. However, once I began to write, I was worried that, had I written it in the manner I had intentionally planned, it would not do enough justice to the original idea. I also wanted to make sure that I captured as authentically as I could the original demeanors of Suzanne Collin's characters. That is, truly, why we read fan fiction. It is an extension of a story with characters we have come to love. I didn't want to stray into the "OOC" territory that many writers often do, for I prefer the authenticity of Suzanne's portrayal. With all of this said, I want to thank any readers for their attention, and all those who will review the story. I also want to thank anyone who has read my other one shot, We Two Boys, and anyone who is following my work. It means a great deal to be appreciated and critiqued by peers. My disclaimer follows. None of the characters depicted in this story belong to me, although I have done my best to do justice to them in the way intended by the author. Suzanne Collins is a lovely writer who has told a beautiful story. In no way do I mean to offend anyone involved.