starve. The next seven to lose receive just enough to get by. The top six receives more than enough to get by on with the Victor getting a special prize; a twenty five percent cut of the money from the people who lost betting on the games. Being the Victor once, just once, insures that you probably won't have to work for twenty years at least. It's strangely... Fair. But still, I bet a lot of people will die anyway. I mean, no one wants to lose first and so that means until you've heard that first cannon, you can't quit. "I'll volunteer for you if it ever comes to that, okay?" Sol says to me way out of the blue. "Huh? What are you talking about?" "It would be embarrassing for you and your family if you lost all our food for the entire year. Everybody will make fun of you. I mean, you're the Victor's child. 'The golden boy.' If I lose, I'll just start living out here." "Shut up, Sol. If you get nominated, I'll volunteer for you because I don't mind being made fun of as long you're not forced to live out here during the harsh winters. I would prefer you stayed alive and in 12. Okay?" "...Hmph." He just scoffs then lies back. I do too. As I close my eyes, I think to myself, "Sol's right. This is a nice play to sleep." I woke up to a blanket of stars shining between the cracks of the rustling trees. I can see them clearly because there's oddly no moonlight. When I look to my side I can barely see Sol who's right next to me. I shake him awake. "Sol. Sol! Wake up. We gotta get outta here." The forest is dangerous to be in at night. We /are/ in the meadow but it would just be better to get back home. "I'm already awake. I was waiting for you to wake up." "Jeez! You could've woke me up before it got this dark!" "You looked tired." "Gah! Whatever, just go wake up Theo and Leslie. I'll go get Sasha." "Alright." Sol responds bluntly then hurries off. I told you. Sol is a real odd guy. I look over to the water. I remember Sasha splashing around before I fell asleep. Suddenly, I hear snoring coming from beside me. Sasha was sleeping, curled up next to me. "S-Sasha?" I blurt out. "Hmm...?" She says weakly. "What do you want Finn? I'm tired." "We gotta leave now. We shouldn't sleep out here." "Hmm? Why not? It's quiet and peaceful." She responds with a hint of annoyance. We should've fallen asleep in the trees. There are wild dogs who aren't necessarily satisfied with the rabbits that this forest can barely supply them with. I don't want to worry Sasha too much so I decide to keep it to myself. "We just have to go, okay? Trust me." "I'm tired-drunk. Piggyback me." "Huh? You're kidding right?" "But I thought you /liked/ me?" "A-Are you actually drunk right now?" I did tell Sasha, my long-time friend, that I did in fact have some kind of extra emotions for her. She likes to hold that over my head and tease me with it when she's upset with me. "...You're really serious... Fine... Hop on my back." I slip out reluctantly. I bend down and she mounts my back. "Not even gonna say thanks?" I say as I look back. Turns out she's already asleep. I just sigh. Liking someone who's also a close friend is a strange thing. Theo, Leslie and Sol walk over to us. "How are we gonna get back when we can barely even see the people in front of us?" Theo says as he and Leslie rejoin us. "I don't know," I respond. I'm sure my mother knows these woods well enough to maneuver around blindfolded but I haven't quite reached that level yet. Just as this thought crossed my mind, Leslie finally says: "We just have to wait for Finn's mom to show up. I told her we would be coming out here before we left." Clairvoyance. We just sat and waited for 5 more minutes and sure enough, I heard my parents calling for us. We got out of the meadow relatively easily and all got to sleep in our own beds. Each of my friends are special in their own way and have a place in my heart. All I want to do is protect them. Which is why I'm starting to get awfully worried. For some reason, I start smelling heavy smoke. Now, even though this is still a coal and mineral mining District, this aroma was the smoke of flames straight from hell. I've never smelled anything quite like this before. I can see Sasha recognize the panic in my eyes. "What's wrong Finn?" She says as she shakes my shoulders. I'm paralyzed by fear. Suddenly my dream is becoming all too familiar because the world starts closing out around me. I can't tell why. But, finally I hear a shriek that snaps me back to earth. I look to the left of my doorstep and see that the shriek came from an elderly woman pointing at the woods. Thick, dense clouds of darkness are escaping from the middle and I can hear the fire starting to spread. Sasha follows the woman's finger slightly slower than I do and I get to watch the expression of her face change from confusion to realization to horror to an understanding of what comes next. Sasha and I are off to the woods before we even exchange any words. If we even have a chance of getting them out alive, waiting won't help. I get to the weak part of the fence when I hesitate, partly because I'm afraid, partly because Sasha's just a little bit behind me and for some reason I'm expecting to see her. The girl from my dreams.