to be a scheduled mandatory report for the entire district today at 8:00PM it's to be kept a secret" I'm thrown back by this. " Wait? That's it?" Frowning as I think over this new information " No that's not right, the capitol wouldn't privately tell the mayor that there would be a mandatory report for all of district twelve if it's supposed to viewed by the people why keep it a secret if you want everybody to be ready…Something's not right here" I begin to think this over the way I do when I have a puzzle to solve. Viewing…. Capitol…. District Twelve….. Mayor Undersee…. Mandatory… Secret… Capitol…District Twelve…..Secret….. I try my hardest to figure the reasoning behind what the Capitol's methods might be but grow beyond frustrated when I can't do it I realize all the Intelligence and knowledge of the world won't make me some God-like prophet who can solve every mind game out there. I get angrier and angrier until a soft voice and an equally soft hand brings me back to reality "Peeta?" whispers Madge as she lays her hand on my shoulder in a calming fashion. Startled out of my thoughts I look myself over and realize that I was doing it again. I got lost in my thoughts but this time it was my 'scary' lost. I shake my head and apologize to Madge. "Sorry" I say "It's ok" "So? Was there anything else about this message your dad got?" shrugging her shouldering in a beats me gesture "I don't even really know, my dad wasn't even allowed to give the slightest hint that this was happening. Hell I only found out because I was doing a good job of eavesdropping on him" Shocked by this too I realize this must be serious if Mr. Undersee wasn't even allow to give the slightest hint that this is supposed to happen usually he gives his daughter a heads up of anything that isn't absolutely top secret from the capitol which means that whatever this mandatory viewing later today is about is going to be something serious. "Is there any way we can find out more about this?" I ask even though I already know the answer to my question. Shaking her head at me Madge sounds just as disappointed by this situation "No my dad made sure no one will be able to get into his study he locked it and made sure this time to leave the alarms on. Whatever it is that he was told to keep a secret he fully intends to do so." Pausing to take in a cautionary breath of air "Which makes me wonder, what the hell are they gonna do?" Solemnly shaking my head "I don't know this just doesn't make sense. But I think in all fairness if your dad is making a point by keeping this a secret I think its best we do the same. It does us nothing to worry and maybe cause some suspicion being brought to us" crossing her arms and nodding at what I said "Yeah your right, we should probably head back to school now before we're late and get our asses chewed out by the teachers…..again" laughing at the fond memories we both have of angering our teachers. We decide to head back to school. Though me and Madge had agreed not to worry over this apparent capitol secret. I couldn't seem to help it one bit, All day I just sat there quiet mulling over what this report could be? What were they going to do? What were they going to say? All these questions and more ran through my head and it took Rose asking me what was wrong to snap me out of it. I beat myself over the head for even thinking I could hide my discomfort from her. As we were walking back home from school she finally demanded an answer. "So are you going to tell me what's wrong?" she asked as she looked up at me. I tried to ignore her hoping that if I stayed quiet long enough she would drop it. Looking at her out of the corner of my eyes I notice her not even looking at the road in front of us but rather her head turned toward me waiting for me to talk back to her. As if reading my thoughts she spoke up again "I'm waiting" groaning in annoyance I just decided to speed off ahead of her. If she isn't around then she can't ask me questions. This theory worked for all about ten seconds as my sister begins to pick up the pace as well to keep me from escaping. "HA! Like that's going to work mister" The entire rest of the day was this, my sister constantly asking about what was wrong and me just ignoring her. I know I should probably tell her about what Madge and I spoke about but it I don't believe it's really necessary. Rose would worry too in fact she would worry far more then I would an that's a problem she knows what the Capitol means to us and anything that involves them is just bad. But all too soon just like Madge had said when 8:00PM rolled around and the symbol of the capitol flashed in our living room screen and just like that my sister became as silent as the night. As the white hair and ugly face of the person known all across Panem came into view, just like that the color from my sister's face completely drained at the sight of him. Glaring at the screen angry at what he does to Rose and what he would do if he were right here right now. Glaring even harder as he begins by smiling an evil smile to the camera one that I have seen countless times even when I tried to forget After all how could I forget my own Father?