bed, swapping stories and secrets. It's a quiet, simple life, or as simple as it can get for them. She tries to not let the fact that he needs to go be with others get to her, knowing that he doesn't have much of a choice. The best she can do is listen to his ridiculous stories, and be close to him when he's had enough of their exasperating antics. She knows that, objectively, they should never be together, that the prejudice they would get from their home districts if they knew that she and Finnick were together would overwhelm them. The Capitol probably wouldn't mind their love story as much; in fact, they might even be extremely proud. But when it's just her and Finnick, in between their sheets, their passion overtaking them, Johanna finds it hard to care about anything except for Finnick's body and hers moving together. / The 75th Hunger Games Reaping is announced, and she can do nothing but stare at the TV in shock after having let out a frustrated scream. She looks over at Finnick, out of the corner of her eye, and she sees his face has become carefully blank, a mask which she knows very well when he's being forced to do things he does not want to do. She knows the feeling all too well. The months leading up to the Quarter Quell are a blur, and soon she's on the train, back to a place which she hasn't called home in so long (if she's honest with herself, ever since her family died; Finnick is her family now). She's escorted to the stage and is chosen to go back into the arena. She barely suppresses her bitter laughter. Of course, of course she would be the one who would be chosen to go through the pain and loss again. Her male counterpart is called, and they are put quickly on the train. Her handler suggests that they watch the other district's Reaping, and she reluctantly agrees, although she wants to see how these Games all shake out. Her stomach drops when Finnick is called, and then she feels pity when Annie is called. She doesn't want to see the poor, mad girl attempt to navigate the arena again, and she guesses that the other Victors in District Four have the same feelings, because Mags quickly volunteers. She can barely contain her disgust when she sees the Reaping in Twelve. Katniss Everdeen, the one whom they call the Girl on Fire, takes her reaping silently, if not without a few tears. Johanna watches as she seems to have a fleeting look of relief when Haymitch Abernathy is called, but her face drops again when Peeta Mellark, her supposed lover, volunteers. She still isn't completely sold on their love story; she thinks that it's still a very elaborate act, on Katniss' side at least. These Games will be very interesting, indeed. / Johanna wakes up in the middle of the night and glances over at Finnick, who is keeping watch. She knows she should sleep, she must sleep, but shejust can't sleep. Not here, in an arena, when she had been promised that she would never have to set foot in one again. She gets up and goes over to Finnick, sitting beside him. "Hey," she says. "Hey," he replies. "Can't sleep?" "Nope. Got any stories to tell me?" "Of course." They stay up until dawn, telling each other stories, and watch as the arena gears up for another frightening day. / She doesn't remember much about her time in the Capitol. She just remembers desperately clinging to the hope that Finnick is holding himself together while she's gone. If he breaks, she'll break too. / After she's been rescued, and she is recovering in the hospital in District Thirteen, Finnick comes in and sits with her (despite the fact that he would be skinned alive if someone from Thirteen found him, he tells her; apparently they're very strict about rules and everyone acting the same here in Thirteen). He holds her hand and they sit and talk for hours, occasionally giving and stealing kisses. She feels happy and almost safe. / When Finnick bounds into her room, his eyes shining bright and a broad grin across his face, telling her about his recruitment to a special sharpshooting squad, she hides her fears behind brittle smiles and a falsely bright voice. She tells him to be careful and that she loves him. He stands stock still for a moment before telling her he loves her too and gives her a quick kiss before leaving. She hopes that he can stay safe. / Word filters into the hospital about the state of the All-Star Firing Squad. The majority of them confirmed dead, Finnick Odair included, with Katniss Everdeen, Peeta Mellark, and Gale Hawthorne still missing in action. The news makes her stomach drop to the floor. Of course, she thinks bitterly. Of course the silly little love birds, darlings of the Capitol will still be alive. It's not fair, it's not fair. She refuses her nightly dose of morphling, welcoming the pain, and curls up in a ball under her covers and cries until her eyes hurt and her stomach feels sick. / She doesn't quite remember how she gets into this room with a round table and the other Victors. She dimly acknowledges the fact that Haymitch, Katniss and Peeta (looking a lot rougher for wear, the both of them; Johanna can't muster any pity for them though), Beetee, Enobaria, and Annie are seated at the table with her. Coin's voice sounds garbled, as though she is underwater, as she explains the need for one last Hunger Games. As the voting begins, Johanna starts to think that it would be nice to hurt the Capitol, even in some small way. They're the ones who took away her family, her love, her freedom, and everything she held dear. So she votes yes.