see her soon enough. I hear the bell ring from the front door of the bakery, and I immediately sit up off the stool I'm resting on in front of the stove. I listen to the quiet conversation between my father and a melodic female voice, but I can't make out specific words. I snatch my duffle up off the floor and glance around for my sunglasses. But the counters are bare. I curse to myself. I was sure I brought them with me, but maybe I forgot them. Disgruntled, I throw my bag over my shoulder and exit the kitchen. "Dad, have you seen my sunglasses?" I yell as I walk down the hallway towards the front. "I thought I set them o—" I stop as I reach my destination, my sentence forgotten. "Son, this is Katniss Everdeen. Katniss, this Peeta," I hear my father's voice say, but I can't see him. My vision is fuzzy except for one perfect figure standing in the middle of the bakery, whose bright yellow walls now seem damp and dreary in comparison to her face. She is pure, refreshing beauty. Her posture is perfectly straight, her fingers playing with the end of a long braid of chestnut hair, her left leg crossed in front of her right in a relaxed position. Her lips are natural pale pink, and she's nibbling on her bottom one; it's not a fake tactic women do to appear sexy, but a nervous habit—I can tell in the way she peels at the skin with her two white front teeth. But it's her eyes I focus on. They're a color I didn't even know could exist in someone's iris, but here it is, and it's so beautiful. They are the color of the clouds that build in sky during a summer storm, warm but dangerous. She removes her hand from her braid and gives me a small wave. "Hi," she greets me, terse and her tone as hard as stone. "It's wonderful to meet you," I respond, and I can honestly say I've never said anything more true in my entire life. She looks momentarily dazed, her gaze glassy, but she turns away from me and back to my father. "You grew up marvelously, Katniss," my Dad tells her. "Your mother sent me school pictures of you and your sister many years ago. I'm so grieved to hear of her passing." She nods her head, but doesn't say anything. "We should probably get going, Dad," I say, trying to remove the solemn pall that has taken over the bakery. "Long drive and such." My father claps his hands, as if he's forgotten. "Of course! Don't want to get caught in too much traffic. Maybe you'll have dinner with me when you guys come back?" He looks at Katniss with such hope; I can tell she's uncomfortable, but she nods her head anyway, agreeing. "Excellent!" He moves to the counter and grabs a brown paper sack, handing it to her. "I made you guys some snacks for the road." "Thanks," she replies. "For the ride and for this." My father places a hand on her shoulder, and I watch her tense under his touch, but she doesn't shake him off. "Anytime, Katniss. Be safe." I cross the room and pull my dad into a hug. "I'll see you soon," I say, smacking him once on the back. "Call me every once in a while and drive safe," he warns as he pulls away. He presses a kiss to my forehead and ruffles my hair; I try not to blush. Jesus, I'm not seven anymore and there's a beautiful woman present. "Will do. Bye." I turn my eyes away from my dad and over to Katniss. She's back to fiddling with her braid. "Ready?" She nods, and together we exit the building. Quickly and silently, we move her two bags and a box from her rusting Honda and place them into the backseat of my jeep before we crawl in, me in the driver's seat and her in the passenger's. "I just want you to know that I'm not going to put out," she says as soon as I pull onto the street. I slam on the breaks and the two of us jerk forward; the seatbelt digs into my chest. I turn my eyes to her, completely and utterly shocked. She looks calm and determined. "What the fuck are you talking about?" I ask. "I'm not sleeping with you. I understand that we're going to be in close quarters, sharing rooms and tents and whatever, but I'm not having sex with you. You should know that up front. I just want to bring my mother's ashes to Maine and come home. Alright?" Her voice is cold, but strong, and I don't dare question her, though she is obviously fucking crazy. "I never expected you to," I reply truthfully, pressing the gas again. "I'm not some creeper that expects sexual favors from a young girl just because I'm helping her out." "Good," she replies as she crosses her arms over her chest. "Good." One thought forms in my head as I pull onto the freeway: what the hell did I get myself into? So this fic has been rolling around in my head recently, and I just had to get it out and see what you guys think! It's my first fic from Peeta's perspective, so I'm a little nervous about that! But now that C&C is done, I figured it was time for another story. Depending on whether or not you like it, I'm thinking it's going to be between 15 and 20 chapters. So please, review and let me know if you want me to continue! And you can always add me on Tumblr: books-are-bette r to find out about current and future stories. And if any of you like this story and would like to make an image for it, I would be happy to use it!