plan into motion." Katniss said smiling mysteriously . "Well, don't leave me in suspense Kitty Kat. What's this plan of yours?" Haulm asked her full of curiosity. Katniss ignored his question, to favor him with a glare. "I'm sleeping in the trees, it is the safest place from the Careers at night. I don't care what you do, meet me here in the morning if you want." Katniss said breifly as she climbed up the tree again. Haulm looked at her in awe. "By the way: Do. Not. Call. Me. Kitty. Kat." Katniss sassed. Haulm chuckled as she glared at him. "Whatever, you say little squirrel." Haulm laughed warmly at her answering huff and went to find someplace safe to camp out at. "So, what's this plan of yours?" Haulm asked his little spitfire ally the next morning. Ignoring his question to ask her own, "Did anyone ever tell you how annoying it is that you sleep too much?" Haulm chuckles "And how many times do I have to tell you to retract the claws, Kitty Kat?" Katniss glares but changes the topic to more important things. "Whatever, while you were sleeping like the dead, four more tributes died, we made it to the final eight and I got us food. Here, you can have the rabbit and the fish. I've already eaten." Haulm was surprised but excited at the prospect of fresh meat. "How did you catch the rabbit?" She shrugged, "Snares. Now, my plan is too trick seven into a trap before the careers find them because my weapon is much less painful than theirs will be." Katniss pulled out a bunch of berries from her pack. "Coming from District Eleven, I am assuming you know what these are?" She asked with a smirk. "Nightlock." Haulm whispered stunned. "Exactly, here's what we are going to do: Ahead of us is District Seven they tried killing me earlier this morning but they remained close by. So, I am going to run screaming across their path drop the berries and a squirrel. Since, it's obvious they are starving they will fall for it pretty easily. You will be chasing after me with your knife out in plain sight. Then once we are out of their line of vision we will hide in the bushes and watch as it all unfolds." Katniss explained with a smug look on her face. Haulm just stared at her wide-eyed his jaw opening and closing but no words coming out. "That's brilliant" Katniss smirked at him "Like I said I couldn't leave strategy to you, if I did you could get us killed." Haulm was too impressed with her plan to even attempt a glare. The plan went off without a hitch as they heard two identical BOOMS , as they were walking away they heard two more BOOMS . "Four left" Katniss whispered. Haulm looked at her sadly, "Be safe, little squirrel." Katniss nodded "You too, if I don't win I expect you too." "Back at you, Kitty Kat" He laughed one last time as she glared at him. Haulm watched as she scampered off into a tree before running into the opposite direction. Katniss watched the sky as the dead tributes began appearing in the sky. Jasper Reece District One Kalis Baird District Two Nodel Ellis District Three Oram Fell District Three Watt Gorman District Five Kaya Lofton District Seven Spruce Knowles District Seven Farro Lodge District Nine Katniss sighed, anxious for this to finally be over….her eyes started to droop. BOOM "Katniss…Katniss" Haulm whispered her name weekly. Katniss looked down to see, Koi Cross from District Four dead from a broken neck and Haulm bleeding out at an alarming rate. She jumped down from her tree and landed gracefully just to have him collapse into her arms. "You…have to…win…Kitty Kat" Tears ran down her face as she nodded her head. "Music…reminds me…of home…will you sing?" Katniss let a sob escape her lips before she began to sing: If forever never comes then I will hold on, I'll hold on and hold on I keep listening to my chest But the second that I'll see you, you will know how much I need you I've got you now and I'm not letting go of you, never be together long enough 'Cause every moment I'm with you, it's like I'm holding on to heaven And if forever never comes then I will hold on 'Cause every moment I'm with you It's like I'm holding on to heaven….. Haulm smiled softly at her and shakily brought her hand to his lips to kiss before he gasped loudly. BOOM Katniss wiped her tears as she got up, her eyes had a fiery determination as she headed to the Cornucopia. Where the last remaining Career was left dying of blood poisoning. Spatha Dearborn jumped up wildly and started to carelessly fling her sword arouind. Katniss approached her like you would approach a wild animal. "I have no weapons, you could kill me before I even touched you." Katniss said quietly. Spatha chuckled darkly, "Very true, little girl." Katniss held out Nightlock, "My mother is a healer, these will help with the pain while you wait for the hovercraft to collect you." Spatha tackled her eagerly and stuffed the berries into her mouth. As she collapsed, Katniss shook her head at the dead Career. "You, know that old saying 'Never, take candy from strangers'? Well, the same thing could be said about berries." BOOM Claudius Templesmith shouts above her. "Ladies and gentlemen, I am pleased to present the youngest victor in Hunger Games history. Victor of the Seventieth Hunger Games, Katniss Everdeen — tribute of District Twelve!" AN: This is a story written by my late cousin BookwormBabe93 I will be reposting it in her honor we use to talk about writing all the time she had crazy talent and I will try to do her justice. Rd & Review :) Song: Holding on to Heaven by Nickelback