they reached the bed he released his grasp on her as she sat down on the edge, leaning back and crossing her legs seductively. Effie smirked up at him, her hair was a mess, and the robe now revealed both of her breasts. As Haymitch looked at her, he suddenly found himself nervous. Well, if he were being quite honest with himself, he had been nervous since they had first started slow dancing in the living room. He hadn't felt this way about a girl since he was 16, and look where she ended up. He hadn't had any sort of close contact with a woman since then. For all his bravado and charm, now that he was faced with the prospect of doing more than just kissing Effie Trinket, he felt like a boy again. The fact that Effie seemed to know exactly what she was doing made things even worse. Compared to her he was a boy. He just hoped his nerves wouldn't show on his face. But they did. "What's wrong?" Effie leaned forward, pouting slightly. Had she been wrong? Did he not want this? Had he been too drunk to think straight and now that they'd come this far he'd realized she was just a stupid Capitol bimbo and he didn't want anything to do with her? She self-consciously tightened her robe around her. Haymitch frowned slightly at this. "Nothing," he moved forward to kiss her again, hoping it would all come naturally, but she stopped him. "No really. If you don't really want to I'd rather not," she averted her gaze, afraid she might start to cry. Haymitch laughed far too loudly, "Haha, trust me, Eff, I want to." He thought for a second. "Do you?" "Yes, of course," she snapped. "I don't make a habit of sleeping with men I don't want to sleep with. Do you?" Haymitch smirked, "No, I can't say I sleep with men I don't want to sleep with." "Ha ha," Effie said sarcastically. Haymitch looked at her for a few moments, not knowing what else to say. He still wanted her. Badly. But he knew that he would have to explain his hesitation. But admitting fear and weakness was not something Haymitch Abernathy did often. Or ever. So he turned to a fail-safe emotion. "And just how many men have you slept with, Effie Trinket?" she sneered angrily. Effie was taken aback. She was hurt, and slightly embarrassed, but she wouldn't let it show in her response. " That is none of your business, Haymitch Abernathy," she hugged her robe around herself tightly. "Besides, I'm sure it pales in comparison to the hoards of woman who throw themselves at the handsome victor from District 12." Haymitch snorted and looked away, "Yeah, the hoard of one." "What?" Effie snapped angrily, until it sank in. "Oh." She vaguely remembered the girl he had told her about hours ago, the one the Capitol killed along with his family. She realized he hadn't been with any other girl since then, for the past six years, and she felt terrible. But she also felt a greater longing for Haymitch than ever before. She stood up and took both of Haymitch's hands into hers and pressed her body against him. He was still looking away. She knew what she said next might make him even more angry, but she had to say it, "Are you nervous?" To her surprise, Haymitch just shrugged, still avoiding her gaze. "You were doing great you know," she smiled and kissed him lightly on the lips. He finally looked down and looked her in the eye. "Oh yeah?" he asked. "How great?" "Well, you're certainly the best kisser I've ever had," she replied, and he could tell it was true. "Now let's see how you are at everything else," she said as she grabbed his shirt collar and pulled him down onto the bed. Effie awoke a few hours later to Haymitch lightly kissing the pink patch on the back of her neck. When he asked, she didn't have to lie when she told him he had been the best lover she'd ever had. True, he had been a bit nervous, a bit sloppy, and she had to talk him through a few things, but the fact that he cared enough to consider her needs was more than she'd ever gotten from one of her Capitol boyfriends. But Haymitch still needed reassurance. "Really sweetheart, the men here don't even consider your needs. And it's always so…technical, you know? No passion. Unless they're taking some sort of drug of course. But I guess the women are probably just as bad," Effie said matter-of-factly. "Sweetheart?" Haymitch snorted, but secretly kind of liked it. They were silent again for a few minutes, until Haymitch spoke again. "I leave in a few weeks, you know?" Even though his job was over, it was customary for all of the mentors to stay until the victor was crowned. "Yeah, I know. I was trying not to think about that," Effie said sadly. She had been hoping to live in denial a bit longer. She had a feeling she'd have to deny a lot of her feelings from now on. "But, can't you just stay here? In the Capitol? All year? There's really no - " but Haymitch cut her off with a derisive laugh and she quickly backtracked. "No, of course not, that was stupid, forget I asked." Still laughing, Haymitch teasingly ran his fingers along her naked stomach, "So, I guess this will just have to be our dirty little annual secret." "So what, I'm just going to be your Capitol booty call?" Effie tried to sound angry, but ended up pouting. Haymitch nibbled her ear. "It's better than nothing, isn't it?" He paused. "Just a little treat to look forward to as we watch 23 kids get murdered." Effie sighed. "I have a feeling I'll be keeping a lot of secrets from now on."