he reaches out to me and begs me to believe in him. "Those feelings mean that you are not a maintainer. Maintainers don't feel conflict and emotion. Maintainers don't dream about what the ocean used to look like. Maintainers simply do what they feel is necessary. That's not you. You are a seeker as well and we are bound to one another." I laugh and stand up. Peeta is clearly crazy. I am not bound to him. The very idea is preposterous and oh so tempting… "I am already spoken for." I say hesitantly because I don't care for the man my father has chosen to be my mate. He stands beside me and looks down. I can't make eye contact with him, but I can feel his discomfort and his unwillingness to accept my fate. When he speaks to me again his voice is almost bitter and angry. "Ah, yes. Gale Hawthorne, your father's best friend son. Don't you find it interesting that your father would marry you off to someone you don't love?" I continue to avoid his gaze because I don't want him to know that I detest Gale and the idea of becoming his mate fills me with dread. I shouldn't care. It shouldn't matter to me, but it does. I never want him to touch me and when he speaks to me my entire body quivers in disgust. Peeta can tell what I am feeling anyway though, so there is no reason for me to answer. He is quick to reassure me and steer us back to friendlier places as his voice returns to its natural gentleness. "There is no reason to feel the way you feel. You shouldn't have to be with a man you can't love. I can't allow that to become your fate. That would be too much for me to bear." He stops to clear his throat before pleading with me. "Come with me. I can give you a life you never imagined. We are destined to be together. I need you to believe in the concept of fate because I do." I find myself nodding even though I have always thought the entire concept of destiny is absurd. However, when he talks about it I believe in it. I want to believe in everything as he does. I want to see the world the way that he does. I WANT things. I have never wanted things before. I have never dreamed of anything before. He takes my hand in his own and I revel once again in the feeling of his soft, warm hand in mine. My heart rate escalates as I change my entire future for him, for Peeta. I never give a thought to the mother who left me. I don't think about the anger my father will feel, the wrath Gale will force on the seekers, or the betrayal my sister will feel. I simply feel for once in my life and don't let any logical thoughts into my head. It feels good. It feels damn good. Peeta senses the change come over me and I can feel his elation and happiness with my decision through our entwined hands. "Now that I have you, there is no reason for us to stay. Follow me." His voice is low, gruff, and sexy. I find myself anxiously awaiting our lives together as I blindly follow him across the beach and into the Old Woods. I have never been to the Old Woods, but that no longer matters. Whatever happens no longer matters. I am not a maintainer and now I know I never truly was. I am a seeker and I am looking forward to living in a dream world and being overwhelmed with immense happiness. Peeta turns me to face him and puts his hands on my waist before leaning into me. His lips part my own and I moan as strong emotion pours through me and I melt against him as he kisses me softly, lovingly. I can see the ocean as he described as we kiss and all my dreams are immediately clear as I wrap myself around him. He pulls away after a minute with a luminous smile and I must blush six shades of red because he drops his hand to my cheek and grins at me. "Beautiful." He whispers and any reservations I have about life as a seeker fall away. I have never felt this way before and I know I can't go back now. I can't go back to the life of a maintainer or to the coldness of an arranged marriage with a man I can't stand. I hold tightly to Peeta's hand and follow him into the Old Woods in the opposite direction of the only home I have ever known. Even though I am leaving everything behind, I am at peace with myself and I want to see where my heart will lead me for a change. The thrill of being a seeker fills me with hope and I suddenly can't wait to be in my mother's loving embrace once again. War may be coming. Peeta may have cast the first stone, but the maintainers won't take my betrayal lightly. They will come for me and challenge the seekers. It doesn't matter though because I already know where my loyalty will lie – with the man by my side and with the dreamers who have forever been the people of the forest. Before I step into the forest I turn and look back at the only home I have ever known. It looks so small, barren, and cold now. I have moved beyond it and I know I can't waste any more of my life for my father. Peeta is right. Life is meant to be lived. It is my time to live my life no matter what war my father and Gale will bring against the seekers. It no longer matters because I want to really live.