here," he said breathlessly. "I wasn't ready to show you yet, but that's okay." He turned his attention back to his work. "It's almost done now. We're almost ready." He reached for a bow nearby and stroked the polished wood. Zhoa raised her own bow a little, but Mischa steppe din front of her, hands up in a questioning gesture, palms outward. "Ready for what?" "Ready to fight back. All this oppression and mistreatment, all this hurt and death. I want to be compensated for everything we've lost. You, me, and Zhoa. We're fatherless, motherless, we're starving, and we're completely looked over. Well not anymore. They're not going to look me over anymore." Mischa was inching closer to his brother. "Mero, this isn't going to help anything. It is what it is. You're just doing more harm." He paused. "There's no point in all this. Come on. Come home." In one swift movement, Mero grabbed an arrow and nocked it, aiming for Mischa, who now backed up and raised his arms in surrender. "You're not with me, then you're against me," Mero said evenly, standing up, bow still raised. "They know what you've been up to," Mischa said. "It's over. Come with us and maybe we can help you." Mero's face reddened and anger lit his eyes. "You're working for them! You're just as bad as they are!" "Mischa," Zhoa said quietly. "Get behind me, you're defenseless, get behind me." Mischa did not listen. He just kept talking. "Mero come on. It's not like we didn't know something could happen. Something always does. We're all suffering out here; the whole district has had troubles and trials. And losses. We're not alone. You're grieving and you're in shock. Just come with us and we can work something out!" "You're going to turn me in! You're trying to kill me just like they killed dad!" It all happened so fast. He let go and the arrow met its mark in Mischa's chest. He collapsed and Zhoa trained her eye on Mero. She shot, but he moved a bit. Still he fell to the floor. Zhoa dropped to her knees. There had to be something she could do… Mischa's eye were open and he was panting. "Don't talk," Zhoa said. "You'll be all right. I'm going to take care of you." But a moment later he was gone. Zhoa felt sick to her stomach, but still, she closed his eyes. But before she could break down and shed even a single tear, there was a sound from across the room. Zhoa crawled over to Mero. He was not only alive, but he was conscious, hands gasping at the arrow ledged in the center of his body just below the breast plate. "Why, Mero? All this over the plant, over your dad…why? You had to have known nothing was going to change. All it would do is cause more hurt." His head shook slightly. "No…" Mero whispered, a gurgling in his throat chasing the words. "…Zhoa…I don't deserve to live…don't even want to…I just want my family…you find a way to get out of this, you have to live…just do one thing for me." He was tired. He took a hand and reached for Zhoa's vest, pulling her down so he could whisper in her ear. When he was finished, Zhoa nodded and grasped the arrow, laying her hands over his. "Ready?" Mero nodded. Together, they tugged and the arrow was free. Blood poured from the wound and per Mero's request Zhoa did nothing to stop it. Instead she held his hands as the light left his eyes. When he was gone, Zhoa let his hands go and doubled over. The tears came freely. She could barely register the fact that she was screaming. She shuffled from Mero to Mischa and lifted him to her lap, cradling his head and shoulders. "Please…," she pleaded to his body, the air, the insects; whatever would listen. "Please don't leave me…" There was no response other than the muffled roar of the water rushing by outside. HISTORY "So that's what happened is it?" "It is." Morin sat opposite of where Zhoa stood. The room was much larger than the one they had last met in, but it was only lit in the area in which they were speaking, face to face. Morin sat back and sighed. "I would love nothing more than to consider you for the payment I told you would come if you didn't deliver. Unfortunately, the decision has come from on high. Apparently you're too valuable to someone to kill over something so petty. You're off the hook. Mostly." "As long as it leaves what's left of my family alone, I don't care." "You might." Morin seemed amused now. "See, while we're letting you go free, obviously you can't get off scot free. You were supposed to handle this for us and ended up losing both boys. Something must be done about your bad word. You will endure fifty extra entries for the Reaping this year." "Fifty?" "It seemed fitting, since the last time you were untruthful it earned you fifty entries." He was referring to the entries her mother's plot three years ago earned her. authorities though she should have been old enough to turn her own mother and uncle in. They lost their lives and Zhoa got fifty extra entries for her silence. It was already more than anyone she ever knew at the time. This put her at 116. "More entries than anyone in history." "You live, your name goes down in the books for all time. Seems like you're getting off light. Someone in the capitol must be interested in you." Under the circumstances, that was certainly true. Her name had yet to be called despite her numerous entries, she wasn't dead over this whole mess as promised…someone was making sure she made it as long as was possible before her final Reaping. Zhoa would bet her life on it.