I start to say before he storms out slamming the door behind him. Peeta's POV Ivy is just so, so. Arghhh! I shouldn't have gotten mad at her she just wanted to know she hasn't seen me in two months almost. I decide to go back to the bakery and apologise. When I hear the front door slam and Ivy's footsteps creep up the stairs. I walk up to her but she just slams her bedroom door in my face. After dinner I go up to Ivy's room to give her a plate of food. She didn't come down for dinner. "Ivy?" I say cautiously as I open her door. "GO AWAY!" she yells throwing a pillow at me. I not-very skilfully dodge it. "I have dinner for you." I tell her. "I'm not hungry." "Come on Ivy I'm sorry." I tell her, "I'll answer any of your questions know, come on." "I haven't seen you for almost two months and you didn't even answer one of my questions!" "I'll answer it now, ask me anything you want." "Okay… do you love Katniss Everdeen or was it just a show? She asks me not very sure. I may as well tell her the truth. "Yes, I liked Katniss, but she doesn't like me back." I say my heart starting to ache ever so slightly. "Oh. I'm sorry Peeta, are you ok?" she says. "Nah, I'm alright just a little tired is all. Eat your dinner before it gets cold." I say before giving her a quick kiss and leaving her room. Ivy's POV I feel really bad now I have just upset my brother and he has just come back from the Hunger Games. I didn't realise that he really loved her, I shouldn't have pushed him. I decide to go and apologise but when I enter his room he is fast asleep. Oh well I guess he has the right idea, only 9:00pm I think. The next morning I get up and it's around 6:00am, oh god I slept in! I quickly get changed, tie my hair in a knot and run out the door to the bakery. I open the bakery door to see my brother baking harder than I have ever seen. "Peeta?" I say. He doesn't answer. "What?" he finally replies. "Are you ok?" I start to say then add: "Wait I'm sorry I shouldn't have pushed you that far, really I didn't…" "Ivy it doesn't matter, really." He gives me a smile then pulls me into a hug. "You're the best big brother I could of asked for." I say to him as we pull apart and go on baking for the morning. Chapter 10: Peeta's POV It has been three months since I entered the Hunger Games, three months since my family has been poor, and three months since me and my sister Ivy have been unhappy. It is a great feeling to know that my family is safe and we always have enough food. I have only one person to thank: Katniss Everdeen. Ivy's POV Three months since my brother, Peeta has been in the Hunger Games and he still wakes up screaming with nightmares. I feel sad for him but I am still glad he's home. It's nice to have someone to talk, someone to ask anything about. Two weeks later Peeta's nightmares are getting worse some nights I can even hear Katniss Everdeen screaming in her bedroom. Peeta says he's alright but I'm worried, worried that he will become one of those traumatized teens that never get over their fears! One night I wake to hear the chilling scream of Peeta waking up. I go to his room and sit on his bed. "Peeta it's okay, shh, shh it was just a dream." I say giving him a tight squeeze. His breathing is heavy and every now and again a few tears roll down his cheeks. "I know, I know." He says in between breaths. "Are you sure you're ok?" I ask before leaving his room and returning to sleep. Only to have troubling nightmares of losing Peeta. Chapter 11: Ivy's POV That afternoon I come home with tears streaming down my face. "What's the matter dear?" Mum asked. "Peeta has to go back into the Hunger Games next month, it's the Quarter Quell!" I say fresh tears streaming down my cheeks. Suddenly Peeta walks into the living room to see me crying. He rushes over to me and hugs me tight. "It's going to be alright I can make it." Says Peeta. "But what if you don't?" I ask. "Don't ever think that, I will come back for you, I promise." Hey says more confidently than he probably is. "Anyway." He says breaking from out hug. "It's next month, I will be ready for anything by then." "If you're sure." I say before climbing the stairs to my room. Peeta's POV I sit on the couch head in my hands, how can I win the Hunger Games twice in a row. I will not let Haymitch Abernathy volunteer for me. It's just not fair. I have kept a promise for Ivy once, I will keep it again! I think before rising to go to my bedroom. It is the day of the Reaping for the Quarter Quell. "Ladies first." Says Effie Trinket. As she pulls Katniss' name out of the bowl and reads out: "Katniss Everdeen." "Now for the boys." Says Effie sadly before reaching in the bowl and pulling out the name. "The male tribute for the 75th Hunger Games is…" THE END! A/N: So what did you think? Dramatic enough for you? I hope so please remeber to FAVOURITE&FOLLOW. Also don't forget to leave a review on your way out and tell me what you thought. Also remember to tell me if you want a sequal because I'm thinking of doing a continuation on to Catching Fire. What do you think? So now I will let you review...