reached for one of them, Zhoa grabbed another from it and reached behind the girl to slash out at the rope holding the net on that side. The structure lurched, and the final tribute lost her cradle, plunging over the falls. Zhoa snatched at the net and wove her fingers in between the fibers, once again trying very hard to keep her head up. The remaining rope holding the net was strong, but it caused it to become perilously close to the edge. In fact, Zhoa was now sitting on it, legs dangling over the falls. Clinging to the net and still trying to keep her head up, she thought she heard her name being called over the rush of water in her ears. Zhoa swallowed mouthful after mouthful of water. This was it, she was going to drown. Either Dorian couldn't…or wouldn't…come for her and she was going to die here. Zhoa closed her eyes. The water rushing over her body was familiar. In her mind's eye she wasn't in this hell hole. She was in her river, back at home. And Mischa with his strong arms was calling out fo her as the water pressed her against the water intake grating. He reached into the water and wrapped an arm around her waist and lifted her out of the water… …they were together again. But it wasn't just her imagination. Zhoa wasn't struggling for air anymore, nor was there the constant beating of water on her body. She noticed how heavy her clothes were. She opened her eyes and saw that is wasn't Mischa holding her; she wasn't dead, like she thought. Dorian was holding her in one arm as he looped the remaining rope and netting around her arm as he struggled to walk back to shore. Once on dry land, he laid Zhoa down and untangled himself. Neither said a word. Once Zhoa had her breath back, however, there twinge of sadness in her heart. For a moment there, she had her boy back. But then he was gone. They gathered the remains of their trap and climbed back down the precipice and into their hideaway. They climbed their way along the dark tunnel and pulled themselves into the hole, covering the entrance before they spoke. "You all right?" Dorian asked this with a note of concern. He was worried. Zhoa would not look at him, but said shakily, "Yeah." "Good you had me worried that you'd gone ahead and drowned. Zhoa what's wrong?" Zhoa had finally looked up, and Dorian had noted the tears streaming down her cheeks. She sat back on her heels and shook her head slowly. Dorian set everything aside and crawled toward her. He pulled her into his arms and rocked her a little as the flood came. "I know…it's barbaric…fucking ritual…" "No," Zhoa whispered. "It's just…when I was younger, and my boys were still alive…that thing I had to do—" "Yeah?" "Well, I slipped into a river then too. He pulled me out. For a minute up there…I was back in his arms again." Dorian pulled back from her. Zhoa looked up wide eyed and pensive. "I'm sorry," he said, unwinding his arms, slowly. "I didn't realize. I didn't know it was still so fresh." Zhoa shook her head. "No." She pulled Dorian back and held onto him tight. "That's just it. It's been three years. I loved him. And he loved me. He and his brother died that day, one of them by my hand. Nothing about that is going to change. Wither I were here or not, I will wake up tomorrow, and the next day and the next, and maybe I'll be here but Mischa sure as hell won't." Zhoa's voice dropped to a whisper. "I'm not scared of this game. If I die I'll be with him. What I'm worried about is if I live. I'm afraid to move on. Like it meant that I didn't love him enough. Even though I know that's a lie." The weight of Dorian's head rested on hers as he returned her embrace. When he sat back and away from her again, he moved one hand to each cheek. "We all have things happen. If you dig hard enough in anyone's past you'll find something ugly." He looked her steady and straight in the eye. "But it's a disservice to those who have gone before us, for those of us left behind to stop living. There's no honor in that." Zhoa nodded. Dorian smiled a little and brushed away her tears with his thumbs. Their faces were close. Dorian moved closer and pressed his lips softly to hers. The feeling made Zhoa tingle head to toe, like there was an energy, like electricity but softer and sweeter, running through the labyrinth of her veins beneath her skin. They parted and their eyes met for a pregnant moment. When Dorian's let his hands drop he cleared his throat and ran a hand through his sandy colored hair. "You should get out of those clothes. It's damp in here but if you wear your water logged stuff you'll catch your death." He stripped off his shirt and pants and handed them to her. "Wear these tonight. I'll set your stuff outside and hopefully they'll be dry by morning." He turned his back to her and she changed quickly. When her clothes were gone and his were on her body, Dorian collected them and brought them outside the hole. Wither they were going on the main ledge or outside the falls she didn't know, but guessed the latter. While he was gone, Zhoa pressed the cotton of Dorian's shirt to her nose. His smell. She had noticed before. He smelled…she didn't know how to describe it. but having been in these close quarters, and with these new, somewhat familiar feelings in her stomach, in her heart, the only way she could describe his scent now was that it was the smell of home.