Turns out, I don't wait too long. As soon as I open up, the bell rings and Delly is there. "Hey there! How was the party?" I ask. "Great!" she answers in that positive way she always does. "We had so much fun." She looks around at all the treats for a few minutes, and I begin to get frustrated. "Well?" I finally spit out. "Well..." she replies hesitantly. "What happened?" I almost shout at her. "I'm not sure what to tell you," she says quietly. "I got the bright idea to bring out the Ouija board to try to get some reaction out of her, but it was really weird what happened then." "How is that?" I ask. I am really curious now. "Well," she begins. "My plan was to push the piece a little bit to make it like the board was telling Katniss that you liked her. I was hoping that would get her to open up about you." "So what went wrong?" "Nothing at first." she continues. "I started it out, and had the piece spell out your name. Katniss' reaction was priceless!" "Oh really? Come on Dell, spill it!" I am frantic to know everything. "She was so quick to debunk everything. She wouldn't have anything to do with the idea of dating." I can't believe Delly still has a smile on her face. That isn't good news. "Great," I say dejectedly. "But, Peeta. I saw through all that. She may not be head over heels for you, but she definitely doesn't hate you. She even said it was possible you could be friends." I smiled at that news. It was at least a hopeful sign. "Really?" I couldn't help my enthusiasm about it. "Yes," she says, and then her face gets serious. "But Peeta, I have to tell you. Right after that something really weird happened. The Ouija piece moved again. All by itself, I swear. It spelled out the word marry ." "Marry?" I ask in confusion. "Yes, marry." she answers while nodding her head. "Madge and I think it means that the board is telling us that you just don't love Katniss, that you are going to marry her someday." "What?" I am totally shocked by what she is saying. "You heard me," she says with a wicked smile. "It really was the strangest thing. Congratulations." At the goofy look that is on my face, Delly gives a wave and walks out. I barely manage to say one last "Thanks" before she is gone. My mind is in a whirl the rest of the day after this. Some crazy game predicted that I am going to marry Katniss? I mean, I've always wanted to be closer to her, for sure, but marriage? I've barely managed to begin growing facial hair. This incident has me considering it, though. Not that I put any merit into some silly board, but the more I think about forever with Katniss, the more I dream about the idea. And the dream isn't half bad. I float through most of the day on a cloud of these thoughts. Of course, in the middle of it all, the door chimes again and I turn to see who the customer is. Alarmingly, it's the very focus of all my thoughts today and her little sister. I try my hardest to keep from giving away what I had been thinking about. The two walk towards the counters and begin looking at all of the sweets. I take my time, but finally move over so that I am directly in front of them. Their eyes are still looking down when I make a little cough. "Can I help you girls?" I ask. Prim immediately looks up at me with a huge bright smile. Katniss, for some reason, continues to glance down and seems to be trying to not look at me directly. "Yes!" the younger girl answers. "I would like two of these rainbow frosted sugar cookies." "Coming right up!" I reply as cheerily as I can. I get a small bag labeled Mellark's Bakery and begin to put a couple of the cookies in. Seeing where Katniss is looking, I then place one of the chocolate and nut cookies she has been staring at in the bag, as well. This gets her attention. She immediately looks up, and stares at me directly in the eyes. "You don't have to do that," she pleads. "It's okay." I say with a smile. She looks so beautiful with those grey eyes sparkling. "Enjoy it." I hold the bag out towards her, and watch as she tries to decide to take it. Before she has a chance, though, Primrose grabs the bag of goodies out of my hand and rushes towards the door. "Thanks!" she yells back. Katniss turns to watch her sister, then comes back to me, her gaze again resting on mine. "Sisters," she says with a shrug and begins to follow Prim out. I am watching her every move, and Katniss is almost gone when she suddenly looks back over her shoulder to me. "Thank you, Peeta," she says quietly, almost so that I can't hear it. But I do, and as the door closes shut I am overwhelmed by what I feel. Happiness and finally the one thing I really needed...confidence. I may not believe in some hooey from a Ouija board, but I do believe in hope. Now I have it, and as I watch the two sisters head towards the Seam, I don't know how long it will take me, but I will find a way to talk to Katniss Everdeen some day. So, what do you think? This is the prologue to give the story its background. The next chapter will begin the main portion of the story and it will be a jump in time. But, in the meantime, let me know what you think of the story! PLEASE REVIEW! It really means a lot. : )