said icily. The bakery had actually had a really good day, but no matter how well he did, this was never good enough for her. Peeta just sighed and began to walk towards the kitchen. He was halfway there when there was a knock at the main doors. His mother gave him a glaring look that meant he should open it, even though Cato and Marvel were only steps away. Peeta sighed again and walked to the door. He opened them to reveal a finely dressed messenger. The man was in a purple suit and held an envelope in front of him. "Her majesty the queen is inviting all of the eligible young men from ages 18 to 30 to a royal ball in honor of the eighteenth birthday of the Princess Katniss. At that time, there will be a reaping for a lucky few who will get a chance to dance with, and maybe win the hand of the princess." Peeta's eyes lit up. A chance to dance with the princess? Even try to win her hand? He couldn't believe it. He watched as his stepmother took the envelope and dismissed the messenger. She read it over very carefully. "It seems that it is true. The queen is looking for an honorable young man to marry her daughter, so that she can finally take her place on the throne now that she is coming of age. She is giving the princess one opportunity to make her own choice of husband at this ball. If she does not, then the queen will choose for her. The ball is in two Saturdays from now." He could see the wheels turning in her head, knowing that one of her two sons could be the young man to capture the heart of the princess. "This could be the chance for one of you two to become a prince!" The woman practically crowed at the idea. Peeta decided to make his voice heard. "Stepmother, may I also go to the ball with my brothers? I am eligible now that I turned eighteen today." Alma looked at Peeta as if she just remembered that he was there. She seemed to think about it for a minute, and then gave a kind of smile to him. "Well, I suppose that you are still a part of the family and of age. I guess that it is only fair that you get your opportunity as well." Cato and Marvel couldn't keep their mouths closed at this. "You? What would Princess Katniss see in you? All dirty and stinky from working all the time. She wouldn't' give you two glances." "Never you mind that," his stepmother stopped them. "Peeta has a point. He should be allowed to go. That is, if he can get home and be ready from work on time. We still have to keep our hours. We will leave the house at 5:00 sharp. If you are not here, we will leave anyway. We can't be late for such an important evening." Peeta felt all the excitement rush up in him. "I'll get finished and be ready, you'll see." He literally ran off to the kitchens, smiling all the way. If nothing else, it would be a chance just to see Katniss again before he left, even if he never got to dance with her. He would have to find a suit. Probably one of his father's old one's could be fixed up enough to wear. He found one in a chest in the attic and hung it up in anticipation for the evening. In the meantime, Peeta put everything he had into his work with renewed vigor. He smiled almost all the time, and lost track of it too as he daydreamed while he kneaded dough. Two weeks seem to fly by in a flash, and the day of the ball arrived before he knew it. When he walked into the bakery, Peeta thought that nothing would get him down today. He was wrong, after such a great start, everything went downhill from there. He was bombarded with special orders, and one customer had a custom cake due for the next day that they wanted to change at the last minute. Peeta found himself working at least an hour and a half after the usual closing time to complete the work. He headed home, reaching the door two hours late, and finding that they had already all left for the ball. There was no way for him to be cleaned, dressed, and find a way to get to the palace in time for the reaping. Peeta walked outside and into the garden behind the house. He sat on a bench and looked up at the stars. "I really wish I could go to the ball tonight," he said into the air. Suddenly, sparkles of light seemed to float down from the sky. They twisted and twirled, until they finally seemed to all come together to make some kind of figure. Peeta watched at all of this with interest, until he finally made out that the figure was actually a person. She had satiny brown skin and wild kinky blonde hair that. Silver stilettos were on her feet that matched the silver dress she wore. What truly amazed him, though, was the fact that she had wings and was holding a wand in her hand. The woman turned around and looked at him. She glad a glowing smile from her shiny lips. "Hello, Peeta. I'm Portia, your fairy godmother. I'm here to help you go to the ball." -End of Part One- I was planning on making these stories all one shots, but this just got to be too long! This story will be completed in Part Two! I hope you like it so far and will look forward to bringing the ending to The Baker soon. Please please please review and let me know what you think so far! Lots of love to all.