My hand on Peeta must give him permission, because his fingers slide down the curve of my ass and dive fully underneath my panties. Before I can even feel self-conscious about the fact that I haven't trimmed myself in over six months, Peeta's finger dives into my dripping hole. "Peeta!" He plunges two fingers in and out of me rapidly, not waiting for me to get acclimated or in a teasing sort of way. It just shows me how must he wants this—how desperate he is. How much he wishes it wasn't his hand doing this. It feels wonderful, but no matter how good it makes me feel, I squeeze his arm, asking him to stop. "I don't want your fingers, Peeta," I say, pulling back to look into his eyes. "I want you." Peeta doesn't hesitate. I push myself up onto my knees and he lifts his hips and pushes his jeans and underwear to the floor. I position myself back over him, and Peeta pushes my skirt up again. "You are so fucking beautiful, Katniss," Peeta growls, his blue eyes blazing. I pulse at his words, and I can't wait any longer to be full of him. Peeta pulls aside my panties, and I slide down onto him in one swift movement. And I'm in heaven. Peeta presses his forehead against mine, a loud groan escaping my throat, and I can't help but do the same. He thrusts up slightly and I rock my hips forward, burying him inside me fully. He fills me to the brim, and my insides wrap around him like he is meant to be there. I slowly roll my hips again, before I pick up the pace. He holds my hips firmly, and helps me set a rhythm as I begin to repeatedly rise up to the tip before slamming back down on him. I bounce up and down his cock fervently, and Peeta's hands begin to roam everywhere, grabbing my ass, tweaking my nipples through my shirt, and finally, rubbing my throbbing clit. "Oh, fuck, Peeta. Just like that." Peeta grins and moves his fingers faster. My eyes lock on his, and he holds my gaze as I increase the pace of my gyrations. His hips meet mine thrust for thrust, and I try not to scream. His fingers and the delicious friction of the fabric against my clit has me desperate. He feels so amazing inside me; the head of his cock rubs on that spot that pushes me rapidly towards my orgasm. I'm tightening, so snug around his cock, I'm afraid it's hurting him. "Katniss, you feel so good. Damn, you're so tight. I like you so much." The words pour out of him in a rapid rush, as if he couldn't hold onto them any longer. "I've been dreaming about this since I met you. I can't wait eat you out someday. Soon." I moan at his words, and move faster against him and so does he. He moves his hands back to my hips, gripping them tightly, helping me with the speed of our fucking. Our pelvises begin to crash and clash as his thrusts become more erratic and his breathing more strained. His face is turning red with concentration, and his tongue runs along his bottom lip. I capture that lip with my teeth, before I push my lips against his. Peeta breaks our kiss, gasping into my mouth. "Katniss," he whispers, squeezing his eyes closed tightly before opening them again. "I'm so close." His left hand slips between us and finds my clit again, and rubs it in hard circles. And that's it. I'm gone. My walls flutter around him weakly before they clamp down, and I explode. I throw my head back and groan, my final thrusts hard and punishing. I feel his cock pulsing inside me and he groans my name so loud it echoes in the tight space as he comes, spilling into me. I collapse onto him and my lips immediately press against his neck. "Wow," Peeta whispers. His hands begin to run up and down my back in a soothing motion. "I never pictured that happening tonight." I pull away from him and meet his beautiful eyes; they are glowing, even though the closest street light is several yards away. He is so fucking handsome. "But you have pictured it?" His cheeks flush even more. "More or less." I press my lips to his again, before I crawl off of him. I quickly pull my underwear back in place, before his cum can drip onto the car seat. I'll change them once we get inside. Peeta pulls his pants up and buckles them. "So, are you free this weekend?" he asks. His hand finds mine and so do his eyes. "I'd really love to take you out for dinner." I nod my head, still in a daze that I actually had sex with Peeta Mellark. "Dinner sounds great." I shake my head. "But, you know, the weekend is pretty far away." I crawl back to him, and press a soft kiss to his soft mouth. "And we are already at my apartment." His hand dives to my hair and he pulls my mouth to his, forgoing the simple, sweet kiss I just gave him. This one is full of passion and need. "That sounds amazing," he says, and his lips find mine again. We finally exit the car and walk up the couple stairs to the door of my apartment. When we open the door, Johanna, Delly and Finnick are dancing around the living room—and swapping cash. "I told you they would be together by the end of the night," Finnick says, as Delly hands him a twenty. "Katniss has been in heat since they met." The entire room erupts in laughter, and I try not to blush or scream. But Peeta's hand finds mine, and I don't feel like doing anything but pulling him into my room for round two.