letting him slip unannounced back to bed, but it's Valentine's Day, and her mind is going to eat itself alive with worry. She slides down the hall in stocking feet and peers around the corner. He's just standing there at the sink in his pajamas, hair dripping wet- he's been so careful to wash away the Capitol perfume- and despite her efforts to be quiet, the six feet of kitchen tile between them is suddenly too far and too dark and too lonely. Annie takes a step forward and whispers his name. He turns, and she stops where she is, because she's seen enough dead eyes for one lifetime, but never on a living person and it scares her to the bone. She doesn't ask what's wrong. He doesn't ask why she's awake. "I'm okay," Finnick murmurs, several times in a row. She doesn't argue. It's really more of an effort to convince himself than to lie to her. "I'll be alright. I'm just getting a drink of water." And then he leans there against the sink with no intention of moving. Annie hurries to get him water but her hands shake, and she drops the glass and it shatters. It's a shame because they just finished cleaning up the broken glass from the television. (She would very much love to take care of him right now, if her own body would just quit trembling long enough.) Finnick retches into the sink again and then slams his hands on the countertop in frustration. Annie was supposed to sleep through this part, and she was never supposed to see any more dead eyes. "It's okay," Annie whispers behind him, a bit startled. "Go ahead. Get rid of all that… Capitol…" She means to add 'food', but she trails off, suddenly distracted because he's dry heaving and why won't life quit demanding things when he's empty? "I can't!" he snaps, much more harshly than he intends. "I can't get rid of it!" She squeezes the bridge of her nose to keep the tears from coming but they come anyway. Annie hopes he won't see that he's made her cry, but he does, and he slides down to the floor, murmuring so many apologies. She slides down beside him and they sit. Annie sees ghosts in the shadowy room and heads and knives and screaming echoes off the walls. He covers his eyes and tries not to see anything at all. "Finn, can you sing?" she asks in a whisper, when the silence is threatening to suffocate her. "Can I sing? " he repeats vacantly, finally turning to look at her. If he could sing, wouldn't he have been doing a whole lot of serenading tonight? "No, Annie, I can't sing." The only talent he has is that poetry the President pays to have written in his name. Annie nods and fights to keep afloat. She finally unwraps her arms from around her middle and takes his hand, unwraps his bandage carefully. He watches her face in concern. It's not so bad an injury, but she starts to tremble until she reminds herself that it's living things that bleed, not dead things, and they bleed so that they can heal themselves. She gets up and leaves him alone with the silence for a moment before returning with a first-aid kit. She rinses out the cut, and as Finnick winces he almost laughs aloud at the thought of a roomful of girls, all waving wallets around, bidding on a chance to clean his hand. The scene in the nightclub is suddenly at the tip of his tongue, and he almost tells her about it but then he can't. "I had a nightmare," she begins quietly, jerking his mind back to the present. She won't take her eyes off his hand. "What was it?" "You couldn't sing," Annie whispers. She glances up and her fingers brush against his neck and he understands. He decides to sing for her, but then all he can remember are Capitol songs and love songs at all taste much too sour and fake. So he murmurs a few lines of a sailing song he used to know- mend the tattered sails, and build up the broken mast- the ship will go and sail again when the storm has rolled on past- And then he stops because the storm is just taking an awfully long time to pass over. She ties off the fresh bandage and presses a kiss to it, gently, gently, and because he doesn't stop her she kisses his wrist, his jaw, the corner of his mouth. He closes his eyes and murmurs against her lips, " I'm sorry ." Because it may be a very long time before he can kiss her again. "You have never hurt me," she whispers, eyes intense, forehead pressed to his. "And I will never hurt you." And that is that. It's better than the silence before, because there isn't so much to be afraid of now that they aren't afraid to hold each other. "Happy Valentine's Day," he says, after a time, with a lame smile, and pulls out the rose with the broken stem, and the nearly-empty chocolate box. She opens it and fingers the last square of candy. "It's coconut," Finnick says, and he almost chokes because it's his biggest apology yet. It seems that he will only ever have leftovers for her. "Coconut is my favorite," Annie tells him. They cry. No matter how often she denies it, he knows he doesn't deserve her. But the truth is, life isn't always fair. Sometimes life is merciful. Angelica watches the headlights flit across her darkened bedroom walls and wonders why she can't shake the delusion ( reality ) that she's come in second place. Again. Hope you enjoyed. This is completely different from the style of my other stories and I'm very insecure of it. I'll reread it tomorrow and I apologize if I immediately rewrite/delete. Happy Valentine's Day!