one of my swords and walks toward the force field. I shrug. "So, you excited to have a better chance on going home?" Asks Finnick to Peeta. "Wow. You two sound like old chums. And you barley now each other. Too bad I don't have anyone like that anymore." I tell them, still wrapping the coil around the tree. They both laugh, and Finnick puts his arm around me. "You have everyone here and everyone in the Capitol. You should have someone you can call your friend." He says. I nod, but then I shake my head. "I used to, and then he kissed me. His name is Mattew, and he lives in the Capitol. He was the one who carried me to the hospital the night I was shot." I say, shrugging off Finnicks hand. I go back to wrapping the coil around the tree, and then I put the rest in the water. I sit on the sand while Peeta and Finnick talk. I see Johanna run past us, blood on her, and Finnick runs over to where Katniss is supposed to be. Peeta and I fallow him. Peeta starts to get worried and calls out her name. We get a reply, but she's a long way off. Before the explosions start, I see a small star that gives me hope. Everything goes off at once, and Peeta and I are on the ground with our bodies not letting us move. The claw comes down and grabs us, and another one gets Johanna. Is this what being dead is like? Am I really dead? Have I lost the only chance I had at going back to Jace? To my life? To kill Snow? I think to myself as the claw brings me into the ship. Once inside, my worst nightmare comes to life. Snow walks up to my body, and closes my eyes. When I open my eyes, I'm in a hospital bed, with nothing but a blanket for clothing, and a restraint on my waist, both of my ankles, on both of my wrists, and on my neck. "Hello? Is anyone there?" I call out. I hear groaning, and try to see who that was. I see the blond hair of Peeta, and I know that neither of us are dead. An Avox girl comes in and feeds me some applesauce. After that, I get knocked out by medicine and I go back to sleep. When I wake up, my restraints are gone, and I'm wearing a tacky hospital gown, so I know it's been a couple of days. I sit up, and I see Peeta, who's still asleep, in a hospital bed and gown across from me. I look to my right, and I see an empty hospital bed that has a name tag the reads, Johanna Mason. The door is opening, and I smell the familiar sent of rose and blood. "Snow." I gasp, as Snow walks in the room. "Hello, Annabelle. How have you been?" He says walking to be bed. "I don't know. I've been knocked out for a good amount of time. Yourself?" I ask as I get my defense up. "Fine. Do you know why you're here?" He asks. I shake my head. "Did Peeta, Johanna, and I win the Hunger Games? Can I go back to my district?" I ask, nearly getting up out of the bed. Snow just smiles his snake smile, and shakes his head. "No, I'm afraid not. We have an uprising. The day Katniss shot the arrow through the force field; we fire bombed district 12, and all of its citizens." I gasp a little at this because I remember I promised Katniss I wouldn't let Snow lay a finger on Prim. "Except for about 800 people that escaped to the woods, but they'll die out there." I let out a relieved sigh, and I see that Peeta is waking up. "Ah, dear Peeta. It's nice to see you up. Why don't you go and get some tea for all of us?" Say Snow. Peeta nods and goes out to get the tea. When the door closes I hear him scream in pain. I try to get out of the bed and help him, but Snow holds me back. "Don't worry, he'll be fine. Now, why don't you get dressed and we'll get you back to your old room?" He says. I see that there are some clothes on a bedside table. He exits, and I get dressed in some silk black pants, and a light pink silk shirt. When I come out, I am escorted by Snow and some body guards to my old room. When we get there, I wait for the guards to leave before I ask Snow, "So, where are Peeta, Johanna, Finnick, Beetee, Katniss, and Jace?" "Peeta and Johanna are in interrogation. The rest, even Jace, are in district 13, I believe." He replies. Great. Jace is safe in a district that was obliterated. "So, what are you going to do to me?" I ask. He smiles grimly at me. "Well, in a few days is you and Peeta's interview with Ceaser, and he will ask you if Jace is still your boyfriend, and you will reply no, and that Mattew is your new one. You should remember Mattew." He says. "No. No way. You can take away my freedom, but you can't tell me who to love. You don't even want me!" I yell at him. "That is all true, but if Katniss is going to be the face of the rebellion, you will be the face of the Capitol. And maybe you can crack every rebel in Panem." He says. I look down. "I will listen if you promise not to hurt Jace." I tell him. "Of course. If you listen to every word I say, I won't hurt your beloved Jace." He replies. Yeah, like you ever kept a promise. The End of Catching Fire Mockingjay Coming Soon!