want you to enjoy yourself." "How can I? How could I, Peeta?" And in an instant the tears start falling and I'm reduced to a crying mess with a fork still in hand. Pathetic. "Shhh shhhh" Peeta slides out of his chair and wraps his arms around me when he crouches beside my chair. I turn to him and curl up against his chest and sob. My mind plays the image of her being engulfed in fire over and over until I feel numb and the tears finally stop because there's no more to give. As I slowly regain my bearings on reality some time after my break down, I notice that the sun has set and I'm now on Peeta's couch. He must have carried me here. Peeta comes around with a glass of water and urges me to drink after he sits down directly beside me. He then pats my face dry and I notice the wet spot on his chest from my crying. "I'm sorry. I ruined supper" I croak. "No, Katniss. I just want to help you. I want your company no matter how you feel." "What about you? What do you get out of it?" He smiles and dips his head down closer to my eye level. "Well, maybe you didn't know this, but I'm not always a ray of sunshine either. I guess you'll have to form your own opinions about that." "They didn't fix you?" "They did as much as they could. It's not like I was in thirteen. I can keep a handle on it without going violent. But, the episodes will always be there." "Oh." This makes me even sadder. Peeta will never be the same. "I'm sorry" I whisper. "Hey. It's okay. We'll keep living because that's what they would want us to do, right?" Peeta reaches out and takes my hand. I let him take it and our fingers lace together. I know that Prim, Finnick, Rue, and everyone else would want us to move on. I just can't let myself. "I can't Peeta. It's all my fault." Fat tears threaten to slide down my face again. "Katniss. I know you feel responsible, but you're not. You have to know that. This was Snow and even Coin. But not you. They used you, Katniss. All of them. They used you and don't for a second think that any of this is your fault." Peeta becomes visibly angry and his pupils begin to dilate. He pushes up off of the couch suddenly and walks to the table where he grips the back of the chair I was sitting in. "Peeta..?" I see his ribs expanding and contracting from deep breaths. Fear rips through me. Not for myself but for Peeta. I make to come after him but just as I decide to go I hear him say "NO!... No... Katniss... Stay... there." his words come out between breaths and I hear his clenched jaw as he speaks. I sit back down and look at Peeta helplessly. I watch his back heave for some time while I consider his words. Was I used? Wasn't it Snow's fault? And Coin's? No, I have to be responsible. Had I just played along then District Twelve wouldn't have been bombed, Finnick would be alive, and maybe even Prim would still be here. "...Katniss..." I blink up to see that Peeta, now exhausted, is sitting in the chair raking his hands through his hair. "Katniss. You can't blame yourself..." "Shh Peeta" I leap up and walk to his side where I brush his hair out of his face. His hair is now disheveled and I find it very becoming on Peeta who is usually so neat. "It's alright now. You're tired, we'll talk about this later." I take our food and cover it up and put it away. Peeta huffs in tired frustration in the chair. When I'm finished cleaning up, I realize I'm a loss for what to do next. The next logical step is to get him into bed, but I feel like that's an invasion of his privacy. Before, that wouldn't have been an issue, but sadly too much time and tragedy has passed between us and wedged us apart. I stand in the middle if the kitchen while I consider what other options I have, of which I fail to come up with any. Peeta must sense my predicament and musters up what energy he has left to put me out of my misery. "Some supper, huh?" He tries to joke. "Peeta, no. It was wonderful. This is my fault. I ruined-" "Katniss. Stop. Just stop. No. You didn't." I decide to leave it alone. As much as I want to stay and help him, it's obvious to me that my presence only makes him worse. First with my own breakdown, then causing his episode, and now we can't even agree on supper without draining him further. I hang my head and try to think of a polite thing to say before I sprint out the door. "Katniss. Just listen." Peeta takes a deep breath and I brace myself. "Yes, people died. A lot of people. And, yes, people died from our direct actions. But think about before we were reaped. Don't you remember how bad it was? How everyone would have gladly laid down their lives to end it all? The Capitol, the mines, the starvation, ...the GAMES, Katniss? You were an answer. A right-place-right-time. But, this wouldn't have happened if everyone didn't want it. You're pretty amazing Katniss, you know I think you're incredible, but you're not so amazing that you can force a war on an entire nation." I look down at my hands. Peeta's words just made me even more confused. I abandon finding my long lost polite parting words and just sprint to the door anyway. I'm out of his house, over the walkway, and through my door just in time to sob into the wall.