to cradle her face in his hands, making her look at him. "You're so much stronger than she is. She's stuck in the past. You? You're able to pull out of it, and live a normal life. You're stronger." "Yeah, but she lost Finnick..." Katniss stated hoarsely, her eyes dimming slightly at the mention of their late friend. "I'd be worse off than Annie if anything ever happened to you." It was then, when Peeta reached his thumbs up and brushed something off from under her eyes, that Katniss realized that she started to cry again. Her body was shaking, and her nose was running. God, she was a mess. "Nothing's going to happen to me. The war's over. I'm here," He murmured in her ear, pulling her close again. "I'm not going anywhere. I'm not leaving you, baby." Katniss' head snapped up to look at him so fast, the top of her head almost hit his chin. Peeta never used affectionate names for her, let alone baby. "I love you," She said simply, leaning in to give him a chaste kiss. Surprisingly, he returned it. Testing the waters, she tentatively placed a hand on his shoulder, pulling him closer as she kissed him again. He seemed to still be a bit hesitant, but all signs of protest faded away. And when Katniss lightly bit his lower lip, he let a small moan sip through his teeth. But when Katniss reached a hand down to begin playing with the waistband of his boxers, he pulled away. She was about to protest, but Peeta rested a finger on her lips, silencing her. "We're going to try this, okay? And we're going to take it slow. Very slow. If I hurt you, tell me as soon as I do. We'll stop." Katniss nods quickly "You trust me right?" "I trust you," Katniss breathes, pecking his lips. Peeta sighs and grabs her arms, keeping her close. "I trust you completely." Suddenly, his demeanor changes. Gone is the hesitant Peeta, scared of hurting the last person left in his life. Instead, he rolls her onto her back, immediately reaching behind her to undo the clasp to her bra. He swiftly slides the bra down her arms before tossing it aside, earning an appreciative sigh from Katniss under him. "I trust you," She repeats, bringing her lips to his neck. He shudders, gripping her hips firmly, pushing them against his own. Katniss reaches her hands down, pushing a few fingers under the waistband of his boxers before pulling, throwing them over to join her bra. "You're so beautiful..." He trails off, kissing her neck, working his way down. The petite muscles in her core contract as his lips ghost over the lines of her stomach. She grabs at his hair, pulling tightly on the roots. When his lips reach her panties, he pulls back, replacing his lips with his fingers. He hooks an index finger under the simple cotton, pulling them down her thin legs slowly, his eyes never leaving her face. On his way back to her lips, he runs his palms over her smooth legs, relieved that she finally put on some more weight after the civil war. She now had the body of a thin runner, instead of the starved look she had almost two years prior. Kissing her lips again, he reached down and grabbed her thigh, throwing a leg around his waist. When Katniss gave him a nod, granting him her final permission, Peeta pushed into her, letting out a moan almost as loud as hers. It has been too damn long. It's been weeks, and her body had never felt so refreshing. So needed. She was like his own personal addiction, his own personal obsession. She was his pure bliss. She was his weakness. Glancing down at Katniss under him, it was enough to send him into another loud moan as he continued to push into her slim body. Her head was thrown back, her dark hair encompassing her head like a halo. Her eyes were closed and she was biting her lip, periodically letting a moan or whimper slip through her teeth. Her hands were all over him. His shoulders, his biceps, his back, his ass. She pulled on his hair. She lacerated the skin on his back with her nails. She'd always been the rough one between the two, but tonight was different. She was letting go of all past happenings, focusing only on him. As he quickened his pace, he reached down to cup her face with a hand, kissing her hard. She clung to him for dear life, whimpering into his mouth. He grabbed her other thigh and threw it around his waist, causing Katniss to yank on his golden locks. When he felt her begin to unravel, he couldn't help but follow suit. He collapsed on top of her, almost suffocating her with his weight. But she welcomed it. She hugged his sweaty body against hers, running her fingers up and down his triceps, allowing her nails to drag behind. He shivered on top of her. He began to roll off of her, but she grabbed his sided, holding him in place on top of her. Peeta began to chuckle. "I'm twice your body weight. I'll crush you." He said with a small smile, kissing her nose. Katniss smiled. He was finally back. "I know, I just... I need this," Katniss breathed, closing her eyes before he could object. "I need you." Without a word he obliged. Her hands ran up and down his back, her movements in sync with her breathing. They eventually moved to their sides, tangling their legs and arms together. Peeta wrapped his arms around her naked body, pulling her close. Her arms were around his own waist, lying limp as she began to fall asleep. "We're gonna be okay, Katniss," He whispered into her hair, hoping she could hear it through the clouds of sleep. "We're gonna be okay."