River, Eta, Finnick, and Mags sat at the table picking through a variety of breakfast choices. I sit down next to River scanning over my choices of food. "Buttered toast with a tad bit of cinnamon sprinkled on top of it, heard it was your favorite." Finnick says handing me the plate. "And who told you that?" I ask, as I picked up the bread and bite into it. Finnick nods over to River. I look suspiciously at him, questioning him with my eyes. "Your brother, remember when I ate over that one time when your brother and I were working on that project? You guys splurged on cinnamon, and we made it. Man that was amazing." He chuckles to himself softly. I remember, that was a year ago. Right before Aster's brother went into the arena. Right before everything went downhill. "It was." I smile politely back. Hiding the agony that Aster and I faced. I had been close with Aster and John. Her only other best friend, the three of us were the best of friends, until the wretched girl practically beheaded him. Even now I still consider him a best friend, someone who will always hold strong place in my heart. I set the bread down, my appetite suddenly lost, along with my future. "Touched a touchy subject already?" Eta chuckled from the other side of the wooden table. "I'm sorry; my mind tends to wander a lot…" I trail off "So what's the plan for the day?" I ask, attempting to change the subject. To get it off of John's death, off of our death. "In about two hours we will get into the capital. Then we will head to the hotel where you will be staying. Then we have one on one mentor training. You meet your stylists, and then you will head off to bed." Finnick lists. I nod, taking in all what today will bring. I gaze out to in the window. Prairies, and sand, that's all that was be able to be seen. In the distance a far plateau was visible stretching on for miles. If only I could break through the window and hike my way back to home, so if I would die I would be able to on my own terms not on the Capital's terms. "Sounds like a plan, so what are we doing for the next two hours?" pipes up River, in an odd tone of enthusiasm. "You need to take a shower," Finnick points to me, and then turns his attention to River "You need to find better clothes. You can't expect to make your first impression in the capital like that." River looks down at his clothes, soft gray pants that hung around his legs lazily. A bright green shirt a few sizes to big draped across his body. His hair disheveled, as if he rolled out of bed and into the dining car, which is most likely what he did. I get up and hurry out of the dining car to my quarters. I quickly take a shower, ignoring the variety of smells I can use, just quickly jumping in and jumping out. I put my yellow dress on for the third time in the last 24 hours, and make my way back to the dining car. I'm the first one back, which was surprising since I did take a shower. Finnick was sitting in a lounge chair that was on the other end of the dining car past the table. Mags and Eta were gone too, leaving Finnick and I alone. "I showered." I say as I take a seat across from him. He was handsome, muscular, but not bulging muscles. His green eyes were trained in his drink, his shiny brown hair covered his eyes slightly. "Good," He says, his voice quiet. "Mags is with River. They are training together." "So you're training me?" I ask stupidly. Finnick looks up at me, chuckling softly. His green eyes meeting mine giving me a miniature heart attack. He nods, and then sets his glass down on the table. He sighed as he rubbed his hands together. "You're making me nervous. What's wrong?" I say, my voice suddenly quiet. "Nothing, I'm just thinking about where we should start. Have you read over my note cards yet?" He questions. I shake my head in embarrassment, last night I just crashed without even bothering to take a shower. "Well look over those at night. It will help you, and as for now you may want to take notes. As much as people may think weapons will make you survive. So does your personality, how you handle things, and being able to accustom to what is around you." He hands me a pencil and a notepad, much nicer than the ones we are given at school. Its binding was leather with gold flecks that was sprinkled on the binding at the top of the paper. The papers a nice thin, but not too thin like the kind we are given at four. I scribble down what he said as fast as I could, as not to keep him waiting. In the next hour we cover practically everything around how I should present myself. He keeps pressing that I should pull off the smart out witty type. Although I have never been one to be that kind of person to be witty and I admit I am not that smart. Finally the train pulls into the Capital, big lavish buildings brushed the skies. Glistening water surrounded the mighty city, but what was more astonishing was the quietness in the city. I watched as the city grew nearer, as it grew nearer I realized that the streets were flooded with people in outrageous costumes. "Welcome," Finnick whispers hoarsely in my ear, his body pressed up against my back. A shiver ran through my spine. His voice cracks as he says "May the odds.." "Be ever in my favor," I finish.