other, with a lot of spiked drinks and dancing and food, and Asher mostly leans against a counter, sipping from his cup and catching up with some of the others. He always seem to have one eye on Essa, though, and he wonders she never struck him like she does now, like a blow. As the night wears on the group from last year that were at the gathering where Asher accidentally punctured Arin's shoulder with a twig gathers to one side of the party, and they all talk and laugh loudly, minus Arin. No sooner has Arin's absence registered in Asher's mind that he appears, holding what looks like a magazine. "Hope you're enjoying the party," he says, two unfamiliar guys lingering behind him. Essa shoots Asher a look that says for him to be polite and Asher tries. "Yeah, I am. Thanks for letting me come over, by the way." Arin holds out what he's holding to Asher, and Asher realizes with a slight sinking of his stomach that it's the magazine his mother had been showing his father a few months ago. Except, this one's a newer addition, and his father's face is still on the cover. "No thank you, Arin. I'm not exactly burning to know" - here he pauses, searching the cover - "the latest nail polish trends." A chuckle ripples through the group. They've started getting the attention of the rest of the party, and it's a few notches quieter than before. Essa looks at Asher for an explanation, and he shrugs. Arin looks in between them. "It's kind of strange that you two seem to be having a thing going on-" "We do not have a 'thing going on'," Essa interjects, starting to stand up. Arin all but ignores her. "-considering this." He flips to a certain page and presents the article to Asher. "I hate to break it to you, Arin, but this is really just a gossip article. This is the same magazine that claimed Paylor was marrying Haymitch a while back." Another ripple of laughter in the room. "Except there's photo evidence," Arin says. There's more photos, this time, of a younger version of his father holding tight to a girl who looks the faintest bit like Essa. " Old photos. All pre-war. What's your point, Arin?" Asher says. He's never liked games like these. "If you think about it, it does have a grain of truth, doesn't it?" Arin says, crossing his arms. "I don't know if anyone else knows this, but your father used to come to 12 before these past few years, but he would do it quietly and leave after only a day or two. He would always come by our shop." "You know nothing ," Asher hisses. "The point, Arin," Essa says, her hands curled into fists at her sides. "Essa and you look similiar enough. Who's to say that your parents weren't-" He never finishes his sentence because Asher rears back and slams his fist into Arin's jaw. Arin staggers back, smiling around a mouthful of blood. "That would make your little relationship with Essa inc-" Another blow, and a few others spring up to hold Asher back. He strains against them, his face livid. "Finish your sentence, you bastard," he taunts. "Finish your sentence and see what I'll do to you, you son of a bitch." Someone else lays a hand on his arm and he looks up to see Essa, anger etched into every line of her face, her nose scrunched slightly the way it always is when she's angry. "Let's go," she says quietly. Asher rips away from the arms holding him back and delivers a last kick to Arin before turning and walking out with Essa. —– They end up in the woods. "I can't believe he would do something like that!" Essa's saying, throwing rocks at a tree. Asher watches her more calmly than he should, but Essa supposes he already got his release, unlike her. "Your bow would do more damage," he notes. She turns on him. "If I can shoot Arin, then yeah, hand it over," she says drily, and then goes on, "I knew he was a douche, but what was even the point -" Asher crosses over to her in a few strides and presses his lips to hers to silence her. He smirks against her mouth when her hands grip his arms tightly and her knees weaken. Her eyes are half-lidded and lips parted slightly when he pulls away. "You're cute when you're angry," he breathes, and his breath tickles her. She raises her hands in a half-hearted shove but he holds onto them and lowers his mouth to hers again, backing her against the nearest tree. He pins her against the trunk and the bark starts to dig into her back but she doesn't mind because the way their lips are moving together makes her mind too fuzzy to think of anything else. She strains on her toes, struggling to keep their mouths connected, and feels heat lazily spread out from her core. Asher lifts her by the hips so that her face is level with his and she locks her ankles around his waist. She makes a disappointed noise almost like a whine when they separate momentarily and he groans. Her stomach twists in the best of ways when she sees that his gray eyes are almost black. His hand fists in her hair and he fits his mouth roughly to hers, and she tilts her chin up, pressing back just as hard. His lips trail down to her jaw and then her neck, and her head falls back against the tree trunk. Eventually, they find their foreheads pressed together, and Essa mumbles that they should probably head back to their homes. "Not yet," he says, helping her feet find the ground. They sit against the tree into the night, talking and stealing kisses, and eventually fall asleep leaning against each other.