not back down now, but unfortunately Peeta had brought his. The walk from the train to the market square was a short one; the main town in district 11 seemed even smaller than the one in district 12. She looked around, trying to find something to distract herself with, but there was not much interesting to see, the only people in the streets were peacekeepers, or other people from the capitol. The people living here were most likely already at the square waiting. They were led into a building, where they were allowed to rest for a few minutes before they were going on. Very few words were said here, some encouraging words from Effie, and some warnings from Haymitch. Peeta did not speak at all. Soon enough, it was time. They walked over to the door which would lead to the stage. She looked over at Peeta, who glanced back. His hand moved over to hers, she hesitated, then allowed him to take it. "For our families," he whispered. She nodded. The door started to open, and as she was about to walk out she could feel a hand on her back. "Remember, big smiles," Effie whispered. Then they were out, walking hand in hand. Silence welcomed them, no one was clapping or shouting. Somehow this made it easier for Katniss, she dropped her smile. The peacekeepers that had followed them here now stood between her and the crowd, still with one hand on their weapons. She gazed out over the crowd, district 11 was larger than 12. There had to be at-least twice as many people here than in 12. They reached the microphone. Peeta let go of her hand, and stepped forward. He reached into his pocket and grabbed a piece of paper. Katniss recognized it as the one he had received from Effie. He unwrapped it gently, and then opened his mouth to speak. "I did not know Thresh or Rue very well. We were always very focused on ourselves, trying to stay alive. From what little interaction I had with Thresh I know him as a strong man, an honest man, a man that would do literally anything for those he cared for." He paused and glanced over at Katniss. "Rue." He spoke the name softly, "Rue was a special kind of good, and even in the middle of the games she never changed. I never spoke with Rue, but I know from Katniss:" Here he turned towards her, leading the crowd to change focus to her. Then he continued speaking, once more drawing their attention towards himself. "That Rue played a significant role in our survival. And that Katniss cared a lot for her." He stopped; it had been a short speech, much shorter than the one sent from the capitol. He stepped back towards Katniss, and took her hand in his. They stood in silence for a few seconds, quietly looking at the crowd, and allowing the crowd to do the same. Then Katniss lifted her hand to her mouth, her left hand, she kept the right one in Peeta's. She did the salute, to mourn the ones lost. Peeta stared at her, their eyes met. He let go of her hand, and lifted his hand as well. Then the bravest of the people attending did the same thing, and one by one the rest followed. A crash broke the silence into tiny little pieces. Katniss's head snapped toward the sound. She saw a tall, burly man at the very edge of the crowd. He was holding one end of a chair. The other end of the chair was planted into a car, a capitol car. Time stood still. There were hands grabbing her from behind, she grappled them off her and moved a step forward. But more hands joined, and she was dragged backwards. Her eyes were glued to the man, she could not look away. He let go of the chair, and raised his left hand into the air. His eyes were clear, focused, and looking straight at her. Then he fell, his left hand still held up. Katniss never saw him land, she had been dragged back into the building, and the door had been shut tightly behind her. "What the hell was that?" Haymitch was shouting at them. "What was that? Why did he do that?" Katniss cried out. She was numb. Everything around her seemed to be moving faster than she was. She looked over at Peeta, his eyes was unfocused, probably replaying the scene in his head. "The speech, you have to know that there will be consequences to this?" Haymitch was still shouting, now directly in Peeta's face. Katniss moved a little closer to Peeta, she had thought his speech brilliant, and was just about to say that when Haymitch rounded up on her. "And you! You of all people should know that every action has consequences. What did you hope to achieve with your little stunt out there?" He asked harshly. She opened her mouth, but no sound came out, she did not know why she did it, it had seemed appropriate at the time. She glared at him. Haymitch threw his hands up and moved around the room. He was pacing back and forth. "If only you had kept to the script." Effie said, she too appeared distraught at this entire thing. There was a loud crash, followed by a series of curses. Haymitch had just punched through the wall. Now he stood clutching his hand, a bruise already forming on his knuckles. Peeta chose this moment to speak up. "I think we need to go back to the train." He said, his voice barely audible. The others agreed, and soon enough they were all moving towards the train. Katniss still could not get the man's expression from her mind. She had not seen it in a long time, and seeing it on a doomed man confused her. It was the expression of hope.