too much effort to continue with the roles he had been playing- charming, enigmatic, clever, seductive. That wasn't really him. And he had no energy left to put on a good front. He didn't care what anyone thought of him. He had fallen apart all over again, without Annie or Mags to help him pull himself back together. It was so much harder to do alone. He was at least glad that Katniss seemed to understand him. She was finally done being angry with him. And she had promised to get Annie out of the Capitol. "How do you bear it?" Katniss had asked him. He almost wanted to laugh. Could she see him? "I don't, Katniss! Obviously I don't. I drag myself out of nightmares each morning and find there's no relief in waking." There had been a time once, when he had someone to help keep the nightmares at bay. Someone to wake up to. They were back. Peeta, his ally. Johanna, his best friend. Annie, his. He was too afraid to move. He wasn't sure what state they were in. If they were even alive. If they would even remember him. He wandered through the hospital wings with Katniss leading him by the hand, feeling more panicked as they went. Where were they? Johanna, on a stretcher. Gale Hawthorne, through a doorway. Where was she? And then, a voice. "Finnick!" There she was. "Finnick!" Sprinting towards him, and nothing had ever looked so wonderful, and the world around them vanished as she crashed into him. They fell to the floor, limbs tangled together, too afraid to let go. They were crying and laughing, and she was kissing him despite that, and he didn't think he could ever bear let go of her again. That night, they mourned Mags together. And when he woke up, unable to catch his breath, grasping at nothing, his fingers found her instead. Still there, still real. Still safe. "I'm here," she whispered. Her voice still sounded like home. She was his home. And he would be hers. The day Finnick married Annie was the happiest he day he had ever lived. Never did he think that marriage was a possibility for them. That he would be able to claim her as his, he as hers. At least, not until he was too old to be thought desirable to paying Capitol citizens. Yet there they were, in a strange District, in clothes that weren't theirs, surrounded by friends and strangers alike. Annie looked so beautiful in that green dress. There was no one on earth he would rather spend the rest of his life with, give all of his heart to. When they kissed, both their lips still tasted of salt. She would've danced with him forever. They were both nervous. It was another impossible thing, that suddenly wasn't. Before, it was too big a risk. He knew what precautions to take, but if by some chance those safeguards didn't work, it would be all over, for both of them. It was different now. Now, they were safe. They were married. They had their own room, together. They belonged to nobody but each other. Annie had never been with anyone in that way. And Finnick had only been with customers, and never by choice. But Annie had a way of taking his pain, and painting over it with new memories, with happy ones. He wanted to try, for her. It was a first for both of them, to love someone in that way. Nobody else could try to lay claim to him now, not that anyone had ever stood a chance in his heart. But he wanted to be able to give Annie all of him. Heart to heart and skin to skin. There were a few short days of pure bliss. Meals spent together, walks through District 13, nights and mornings to spend as they pleased. They went everywhere holding hands. He would have to leave, though. He wasn't valuable enough to keep back in 13. He wouldn'tve been able to just watch Katniss and Peeta go off to fight anyways. This way, at least, he could help bring about a world where he and Annie could be safe. He promised to come back. He had to come back. He still needed her, and she still needed him. Finnick took the necklace she had made him, but left his bracelet from the Quell. This time, she would have a part of him as well. Little did he know that he'd left her with so much more. Annie was with him always. All his dreams were of her now. He saw her in Peeta, who now asked what was real and what was not. He saw her in the sunlight and in the stars, the way she had looked to him when he first started seeing her- really seeing her. For her, he could do anything. Run farther than his legs could bear. Carry any weight, stand every blow. He would survive for her. But he had a responsibility as well. To Annie, to their future. To Katniss and to Peeta and to all of Panem. Panem needed Katniss, who needed Peeta. And so they both had to survive. Which is why he fought the mutts when he could've taken that time to escape. Maybe she didn't even know it yet, but it was clear to him that Katniss needed Peeta. It was like a reflection of years past. A different time, a different place, a different couple. Finnick felt the hands of the mutts, closing around his ankles, grabbing at him. It would be easy to give in, to give up. But not for him. He had someone to fight for. She had crept up on him once, before. But that love had taken hold. He wouldn't make that mistake now. Not after he had nearly lost her once. He needed her. And she needed him, too. He lunged for the ladder.