I assume she's still completely ignorant to the fact that she's madly in love with him?" Haymitch sighed. "She came to see me, about an hour before you showed up, begging me to keep him alive." "That girl redefines naivety," Effie sighed, turning so that she could face Haymitch. "I swore that I'd volunteer if he was Reaped," Haymitch confessed. Effie felt like she'd been kicked in the chest. It was hard enough watching two strange children in the Games this year, and she was sure that watching any of her Victors go through the Arena again would damn near destroy her, but the thought that Haymitch would volunteer to go to hell a second time? Unthinkable. "He made me promise to keep her safe," Haymitch confessed. "I can do that, inside the arena or as a Mentor. And her safety matters the most. She's the Mockingjay." Effie nodded. She'd never forget the Victory Tour's stop at District Eleven, the whistle of the old man from the crowd, the salute and the crack of a gunshot over the sound of rioting. Katniss had become a symbol to those people, and Effie of all people knew the power of a symbol. "I did my best to keep them safe in whatever way I could," Effie confessed. "I know those speeches were repulsive, but I thought they might at least stop the pair of them from arousing any more suspicion. Especially after what happened to poor Seneca." The look Effie shot him suggested that Seneca's mysterious disappearance was not unusual, and that she was well aware she'd probably never see him again. "You did good, Trinket," he assured her, resting his forehead against hers. Effie's hands snuck up to rest on the nape of his neck, her eyes slipping closed. He pressed a soft kiss to her lips. "But we've got to get you back to the Capitol," he insisted. "I wish I could stay," Effie offered meekly. He almost confessed that he wished she could too. He'd managed a solid few hours rest, completely free of nightmares and the only anomaly he could attribute to the situation was the evening spent with her. By rights, the prospect of going back into the Arena should have thrown him into a spiral of flashbacks and alcoholic suppression, but he felt shockingly peaceful. There was a steady fire of hatred burning deep within his psyche, but he was at peace with the rage and felt no fear. He couldn't find a way to express that though, so he kissed her again, hoping that she could find a way to understand. She shot him a tiny smile when he pulled away. "Honestly Haymitch, where are your manners?" She attempted to tease, bolstering her tone with a false bravado she didn't really feel. "You should at least offer me a cup of coffee before I leave." She'd crept away to the bathroom and made an attempt to tame her hair and washed her face, walking to the kitchen fully dressed, her face schooled into the cool disinterest of a Capitol woman. Haymitch nodded to the cup sitting on the table, pouring a hefty serving of whiskey into his own cup. Effie took a sip, mildly surprised that Haymitch had memorised the way she took her coffee. "Can't believe you came here without so much as packing a bag," he said gruffly. "I thought you'd be impressed," Effie retorted. "I loosened my corset and threw caution in the wind. Next thing you know I'll be sporting a devil may care attitude and a hip flask," she gave him a wink. "That's not how this works," he replied. "If you did that, I'd have to be responsible, and we both know how much trouble we'd be in if I was in charge." "The train would run off the tracks," Effie agreed. He smirked. "Drink up, Sweetheart," he urged. "First train is due to leave soon and the fewer people see you, the safer." She nodded, draining her cup. She really hadn't thought about the logistics of this trip at all. She hadn't even brought a change of clothes with her, for goodness sake. She placed the cup in the sink, where she assumed it would most probably stay until she arrived again for the Reaping. "I'm ready." She hadn't expected him to accompany her to the train station. His stare was intent, scanning the horizon for any kind of threat that might emerge. He'd silently taken her hand, weaving his fingers with hers, his grip tight and reassuring as they made the short walk from the Victors Village to the train station. She turned to face him once they stood on the platform, the early morning sun making her squint. "Any last advice?" she asked him. He smirked. "Stay alive." With a rough kiss pressed against her mouth, he gave her a push towards the train door, before turning and walking away. He shattered her expectations yet again when she saw him from the train window, watching her depart with his flask in hand. She settled back on the seat. She'd known Haymitch for years, but the man was certainly an enigma. So... I made Effie a rebel, or at least, aware that the rebellion was going to take place. Personally, I don't think she's a ditz at all. I think the persona she presents to the Capitol is exactly that, and she's far more intelligent than she appears. With that in mind, I can't stand the idea of her being tortured by the Capitol during Mockingjay if she knows nothing. That's a very short justification of why I made that little choice ;) Let's play! I'm very new to the world of tumblr (but I am enjoying the pretty pictures), so check me out at brookemopolitan and feel free to throw me a prompt, if you're so inclined, or send me a follow request on twitter (brookemopolitan is the handle) I would love to hear your thoughts.