matter of minutes and everyone knew of it. Peeta could feel the eyes on him as he made his way to his locker at the end of the day, avoiding his brothers in hopes he could escape their teasing for at least another two hours. Gale had denied having interaction with the whole thing but the dark purple bruise on Peetas jaw was hard to disguise. The small chip in his tooth was too. But he had taken it like a champ or so some of his teammates told him. "I'm not going to hit him, Finn. I don't fight," Peeta says, reaching up to rub the raw spot. "But you should've ! God, I was about to hit him but you're a lot stronger than me and I probably would've done more harm than good," Finnick says, running his hands through his hair like a mad man. He is right. He would've done more harm than good and Peeta is almost happy no one decided to stand up for him in that moment. The last thing he needed was for the team to be divided. His parents are furious when he returns home, forcing him to explain in vivid detail everything. But he doesn't want to get Gale in trouble for reasons he cannot understand. Maybe just another way of protecting Katniss, he doesn't know. But he tells them his helmet wasn't on the right way and that he landed on the ground strange. Neither of them believes him. When his brothers get home, he'll have to relay the story to them to make sure they get the right information. When the knock comes on his door a short time later, he's expecting it to be the twins, anxious to hear the story of what actually happened. They had not been there at that moment and he was glad. No doubt they would have done something irrational. But the head that peeks around the door doesn't belong to Rye nor Wheaton. It's Katniss. Her eyes are red, puffy as if she's been crying and without hesitation she bounds across the room, throwing her arms around Peetas neck as he struggled to sit up in bed. She's crying, sobbing, actually, into the neck of his shirt, whispering words he doesn't understand and shaking. He's worried. Is she hurt? "Katniss, what's wrong?" He asks, guiding her shoulders away from him so he can look into her eyes. Their glassy, wondering as they pass over his face, stopping on the mark on his jaw. She raises her hands to touch the bruised area, one hand flying to cover another sob that threatens to spill out of her mouth. "I'm so sorry," she weeps. Weeps as if she was the one who took the swing and wounded him. "It wasn't your fault, Katniss. I'm okay," he says. And he is. Other than the slight pain he feels, he's fine. Never better, actually, with her practically lying on top of him. "I should've..." "What could you have done, Katniss?" She kisses him then. Her lips press tightly to his so unexpectedly he almost doesn't respond. Much like what happened with Clove in the stairwell all those months ago but this is much different. This is something he wants. Something he has been dreaming about for months now. When he opens his eyes for a moment, hers are closed, his eyebrows knitted tightly together as she works her lips against his. He worries she may be able to feel his growing erection, the one that she is practically sitting on. But if she does, she says nothing. Peeta could die happy now. He would gladly take a punch every minute of every day if it meant he was able to relive this moment with Katniss over and over again. And he's sure he would relive it over and over and over again. "Peeta, where are-HOLY SHIT!" Finnicks loud roar pull them apart. Katniss falling to the floor as she rolls from his lap, Peeta scattering to find a piece of clothing to hide the tent in his pants. Their faces grow red under Finnicks stare, a slow grin growing on his face by the minute. The scream had alerted his brothers who were, now, also standing in the doorway, Rye with his mouth hanging open in surprise and Wheaton with his a hand in his hair. There were no words spoken for what felt like ever. Finally Katniss grabs her discarded purse from off the floor, pushing through the wall that the boys have created much to Peetas displeasure. "Katniss, wait!" He calls after her but it's too late. She's already gone and he watches from the window as she sprints across the lawn. "Well, well, well. Here I was thinking my best friend was going to need a little cheering up but much to my surprise, Ms. Katniss Everdeen was already doing that for him," Finnick jokes. His brothers laugh. Peeta screams. "We'll leave you alone to rub out your frustrations." ... A million questions swam through his head that night. What had become of her and Gale? Had they broken up? Were they on a break? Had he told her about their fight or had she heard about it from someone else? Why didn't she go to Gales aid first? He was her boyfriend. Did she kiss him out of pity or because she wanted too? He's questions are answered the next day during lunch when she sits by his side at the table he shares with his friends, lacing her hand through his for all to see. He smiled at her and she at him. What an interesting summer the two would have. Another story? I know but bare with me. I couldn't get the idea out of my head. Each chapter will depict a year. the song in which this story is based off of is "Youth" by Daughters. I would recommend listening to it. It's a beautiful song. Thanks! -B