through brown eyes. "I love you." I look at her body and she is crisp. "Help!" I scream frantically. "Someone help me." Cleasy is still in my hands and her eyes are closed. "Cleasy!" I shake her and glass falls off her body and hits the ground. I put her down and look at my hands and see blood. My body hits the ground and I faint. I turn my head away from the house and its ash. My eyes focus on a peacekeeper that is pacing the entrance of the mine and I feel sick to my stomach. In an instant I run to my house just a block away and slam the door behind me. I stand with my back against the door and breath deeply. I haven't thought of Cleasy since her birthday. I open my eyes and walk into the living room. "Hey honey." My mother embraces me in a hug. "Your dress is hanging up." She comes back from the hug and looks me up and down. "And you might need a bath." I laugh at our same thoughts. "Ok." I turn to run in my bedroom. "I'll be out in a minute." I peek my head out the door. "Or a couple more." The door shuts lightly behind me. I look on my bed to see a white dress on my bed. This was my grandmothers dress once upon a time. I think to myself. I can't dirty it up. I strip off my shorts and shirt and feel my belly. Its not too big but its not too small, thats what I like and I can feel my abs. I quickly wash up then I put the dress on. I look at my face in the mirror and my brown eyes match my straight dark black hair. My hair just naturaly grew darker since I was six. Since the dress is white it makes my face stand out. My mom walks in and gasps. "You look so lovely." She grabs the brush out of my hand and brushes my hair. "I think this year. You will keep it down." I roll my eyes. "But its like a million degrees." I look at her with puppy eyes. "I will be sweaty." She gives me a wide smile. "Since when do you worry about being sweaty?" "You're right." I let her brush my hair and then I saunter to the living room with my mother and sit in between her and dad. Dad wraps his hand around my shoulder as mom holds my hand in her lap. The quietness makes me think about my sisters changed face. I cringe and my mom holds my hands tighter. The knock on the door frieghtens me out of my thoughts. I rise from the sofa and swallow my tears. "I'll be alright." I give them a big smile and answer the door. "We're coming Mailey." My dad yells as I open the door. "Hey." Bear hands me a yellow flower triangle shape pedals and he walks down the steps. He is wearing a white shirt with black pants. "We are going to run late if we don't hurry." "Yea." I look behind me and my dad waves me to go. "I'll see you when I get there." I look at them and say "I love you." Me and Bear walk down the street quietly. "How many times is your name in?" I ask him. "Ten times." He kicks a rock. "Somebody needs to put the food on the table." He looks up at me. "Since dad is gone." I look behind and see mom and dad walk hand and hand, no smile just dread. I look forward and we don't talk the rest of the time. I stand beside Bear in a row of people our age. The fifteen year olds. The Sixteen behind us. Then the seventeen and so on. Then in front of us is the fourteen then in front of them is the thirteen and so on. Then there is the stage. The stage has the past victors sitting on charis and on the stage is two glass bowls, one on each side of the microphone. They hold the names of this years tributes. Our mayor comes on the stage while the Capitol anthem plays. Once its over the mayor has a big speech on how the these Hunger Games shows the generosity of the Capitol and the history behind it. He then allows for district 2's new esort to take over the audiences attention. I look at her walking towards the microphone. She is a small thing. With a bright pink dress that is cut off just a few inches above her knees. She doesn't wear high heels like everyone else does, she wears pink flats that match her dress. Her hair is flat and layered with every colour from the rainbow. Her nails match her hair but her lips have the colour of red. Her face is surigically pale to have her colours to stand out. Our escort walks to the microphone and announces herself in her terrible accent. "Hello ladies and gentle men." She looks into the crowd with a smile plastered on her face. "My name is Sundy Trunmet." She breaths in the polluted air. "As you all know." She flips to the next card. She's not very prepared. "Each of the twelve districts are to come forth one boy and one girl from their district." She loses her smile and doesn't make eyecontact with anyone in the audience. "These 24 tribute are to fight to the death in an arena." She pauses. "As you also know. There can only be one victor." The cards are stashed away and Sundy begins again. "May the odds be ever in your favour." Her long legs walk towards the girls bowl and she pulls out one white piece of paper. "The girl tribute for district 2 is." She looks into the audience. "Mailey Parner."