and I am surprised I am not. I have never been naked in front of a boy like this before. My mother and my prep team are the only people who have ever seen me so exposed. I reach down and gently stroke Peeta. He drops his head and closes his eyes. He seems to be struggling to control himself. What did he tell me once? I don't know the effect I can have on people. I never thought I could affect someone—a boy—like this. I knew Peeta liked me. I even knew it was in a romantic way, but I didn't know he thought of me like this. As I touch him intimately, I am surprised at how hard and soft he is at the same time. I don't know what to do. My fingers are used to handling bows and arrows not boys. "Umm, Peeta?" I begin. "Yes?" He practically gasps. I think he has been holding his breath. "What do I do?" He opens his eyes and takes my hand in his. He curls my fingers around his length. His grasp is stronger than I would have expected. He moves my hand up and down in a stroking motion. Once I get the hang of the motion, he drops his hand away from mine and closes his eyes. I continue the motion and watch his face like he watched mine. Is he drowning, too? "Katniss," he says through gritted teeth after a few minutes. "If you keep doing that, I won't last much longer." "You want me to stop?" I ask, stilling my hand, slightly confused. I want to push him back to the surface, too. "No, but I don't want all of this to stop," he answers breathily. He raises a hand to my cheek and pushed my hair gently out of my face. "Katniss, can I," he starts, but then a blush rises in his cheeks, and he swallows. "I want to be inside of you," he finally manages to get out. Even though the logical part of me knew we would reach this point as soon as I told Peeta to touch me, I can't help but pause at his words, but I won't turn back now. Instead of answering him, I slide down on the couch slightly and bend my knees. I don't take my eyes from his. They really are the most stunning shade of blue, and I decide I like the more navy shade they are in this moment. I feel him press against my entrance. I wriggle around slightly, and he pushes into me. It doesn't exactly hurt. It's more uncomfortable than anything, an intense pressure in my lower abdomen. "Are you okay?" Peeta asks. I can see in his eyes how much effort he is exerting to hold still. Of course, Peeta would think of me and my comfort even during this moment. "Yes, move, please," I manage before he presses his lips to mine, and I am submerged in desire once more. When he pulls back and pushes into me again I feel my own wet warmth between my legs. The slickness makes his motions pleasurable. The uncomfortableness disappears. I start raising my hips upward to meet his thrusts. It takes a bit, but soon we are moving in tandem. I cling to his shoulders to stay afloat. I gasp his name, and soon my name tumbles from Peeta's lips with one final gasp. After, he lays his head on my chest. I push his hair back and hold him to me. He traces patterns on my stomach with his fingers again. "I love the sound of your heartbeat," he says. "I think it might be my favorite sound in the world." A stab of pain wrenches at my gut at his words. Why does he say things like this? It brings me roughly back to reality. We will be in the arena again in a matter of days. He won't be able to hear my heart much longer, but hopefully I can keep his beating. In my mind, I see images from the games we just watched. Selena clawing at Jameson's lifeless form. The stalagmite piercing her body. I shiver and Peeta looks up. "Maybe we should put our clothes back on before Haymich comes looking for a drink or something," I mumble. I gently push him away. Peeta looks at me for a moment as if I might say more, but I don't, effectively ruining the moment. When Peeta sits up and begins collecting our clothes, the room feels a lot cooler, and I know it's not just from the loss of body heat. I pull my shirt roughly back over my shoulders, and once we are both dressed, Peeta rejoins me on the couch, keeping a good few inches between us. We sit for a moment in silence. His hand lies on the couch between us. Before I can stop myself, I reach out and grab it with mine. I rub the back of his hand with my fingers. "I'm sorry," I whisper, only looking at his fingers. "I'm not good at this." He sighs and gives my hand a squeeze. I look up and see he is looking at me, smiling sadly. We sit with our hands entwined, not speaking or moving. The arrival of a Capitol attendant with warm milk is what breaks us apart . I notice it is the same attendant from earlier who allowed my moment with Peeta. He sets a tray with a steaming ceramic jug and two mugs on the table. "I brought and extra cup," he says .I am glad he still brought the milk and that he brought Peeta a cup. I've grown thirsty for a different reason, and sitting here with Peeta feels nice, even if eventually I can always find a way to make it tense. "Thanks," I say , hoping he will understand I am thinking him for more than just the milk.