While my words are confident, let me tell you, they're not said confidently. Cato's smirk only grows. "It's more of a bet, really." I'm even less confident now, but I say, "What kind of bet?" "Oh, it's not a hard one, if that's what you're wondering," Cato says dismissively. "It's easy." But I don't trust him, so I press forward and say, "What happens if I win this easy bet?" Cato grins. "You don't have to do the dare I was going to make you do." "What were you going to make me do, then?" I ask cautiously. Cato's grin reminds me of an evil villain- you know, the ones you see in movies. (Probably just the Joker, though). Even so, nothing's scarier than his words as he says, "I was going to dare you to take a shower with the curtains and door open." "Naked?" Marvel asks, looking as if he's about to laugh any second now. "Naked," Cato agrees, his evil grin staying put. There's no way in hell I'm doing that, and I voice that as I say, "Fuck no. What's the bet?" Cato smirks again. "You're going to get Katniss Everdeen to go out with you." While Clove visibly relaxes, I don't. "Okay," I say, my voice surprisingly calm, even though I'm hating myself for agreeing to this. Cato looks almost impressed. "Then you'll do it?" "Yeah," I say, trying to remain calm. "What are the rules?" I don't want to do this. I really, honestly don't. I don't think Katniss is a loser at all, and no one deserves to be strung along like this. Besides, she hates me; there's no way she'd even agree to go out with me, so there's a huge chance I won't be able to win this bet. "Rules are that you have one month," Cato lists readily. "You can do whatever you want, ditch us whenever you need to for her, whatever makes you seem like you're into her. You win, and you're out of the dare." "And if I lose?" I ask, testing the waters. Cato smirks. "I pick an even worse dare." I'm pretty sure my eyes widen. "It's up to you," Cato says, grinning at my face and shrugging like it's nothing big. "Right," I mumble. "Well- can I think about it?" Wrong answer. Marvel laughs aloud. "You have to think about it?" "Seriously," Clove says, "even I'd take that bet. What's there to think about?" Finnick throws an arm around my neck. "Aw, don't gang up on poor Peeta. He doesn't know if he's able to get a girlfriend or not, the cute little boy, because he has poor self-esteem when it comes to girls. Don't you, Peeta?" he croons. Cato laughs and says, "I honestly don't think Peeta can do this, self-esteem or no." "Hey, I find that offensive," I say laughingly. But seriously, I really don't have much experience with girls, so I actually do have poor self-esteem when it comes to girls. I have a way with words, so I can talk to them easily, but I haven't had many girlfriends. I guess, like my friends, I'm sort of a player; I've had enough one-night stands to know I'm good with girls, but I can count on one hand how many girls I've dated for more than a week. So I can't be as thick to assume that I'd be stringing Katniss along with this bet. It'd be more likely that she'd string me along, because I'll be honest, she kinds of scares me with her whole dark goth image and ever-present scowl. There's a saying that's inscribed on a tree of the front yard of Panem High, which is the high school me and my friends go to. No one knows who carved it, but it's legendary. It reads: "May the odds be ever in your favor". Right now, I'm thinking that the odds aren't in my favor, period. "Come on, don't say things like that," Glimmer says suddenly, trying at least. "Peeta can do this. He's hot, he's rich, and there's not a guy that's sweeter than he is. He's got this in the bag." I shoot her a grateful smile, even though I'm not sure if I should thank her or not just yet. Marvel glances between us like there's a puzzle he can't quite solve when Glimmer finishes her speech. Cato raises his eyebrows teasingly. Finnick smirks as he takes his arm away from my neck. Clove's eyes widen in surprise. "I don't like Peeta," adds Glimmer hurriedly at the looks she gets. "I'm- I'm being a good friend!" Finnick laughs. "Then why are you so red?" "Shut up , Finnick," Glimmer says through clenched teeth, her skin flushing a deeper red. I'm feeling kind of awkward now. Me and Glimmer? That's- a strange thought. Not that she isn't a cool girl. No, she's a good friend of mine, and I like her. Just not in that way. Besides, I swear that by the way Marvel was staring, he's the one who likes her. "You know, Peeta hasn't even said if he'll do the bet or not," Clove says, changing the subject. Fuck . "She's right," Glimmer says quickly, to both back her up and get away from the previous topic. Cato looks towards me, grinning a half-smile that only means trouble as he leans back on his elbow comfortably on the carpet, all while keeping a cup of vodka in another hand. "So what's it going to be, Peeta?" My friends are assholes. I weigh the possibilities. I've got a chance- a very low chance- with this bet. Not to be conceited, but like I said, I'm sort of a player. If I can get so many girls, who's the say I can't get Katniss Everdeen, too? "Okay," I say, and my voice shines with a little confidence when I add, "I'll do it." Thank you for reading, and I'd really love it if you guys reviewed!