the mayor to recite the yearly story of how the districts came to be, and praised the Capitol for giving everyone a chance, that we won't disappoint. Finally, the mayor coughs and leans closer to the microphone. "As you'll know, I have special news." I straighten my back, now listening intently. This should be good. "This year's Hunger Games is the fourth Quarter Quell, and as is customary, a rule shall be added or changed. Usually the president of the esteemed Capitol would have this great honour, however, due to unforeseen circumstances, he has given the task to me as the mayor of District 1. For this, I am forever grateful." With that, the mayor coughed again. "Inside this box lie a number of cards, each with one of the aforementioned rules. I will now pick out a card for the special rule of the one-hundredth Hunger Games!" A brief applause breaks out as the mayor reaches into the box and pulls out a card. His smile stretched further before he reads the rule out: "This year, the Hunger Games will not have one Cornucopia, nor two, but three! There will be three Cornucopias around the arena, hidden away. Each Cornucopia holds a certain aspect of survival. There will be food in one, weapons in another and general supplies, including medicine, in the third." I cross my arms. This will be interesting. Three different Cornucopias and none of them will be at the beginning of the Games. I briefly think of what I would try to find and I immediately answer that thought with food. Food is most important for me; I don't prefer all that natural foraging stuff that the other districts do. I'll need food to stay energized. If push comes to shove I don't need weapons and I shouldn't need medicine as long as I'm careful. "Welcome, one and all!" It takes a moment to register the high-pitched squeaky voice to realise that it belongs to the fat escort. Wow. "That is certainly marvellous!" The escort trills, his jowls wobbling. "For those who do not know, my name is Opal, and I am proud to be here in the most wonderful District 1. But enough of that, let us choose the honoured contestants from District 1! I believe it is ladies first?" Opal walks over to the glass bowl filled with slips and puts his hand in, wriggling it around dramatically. Finally, he pulls out a name and peers at it. "Ang-" I shoot my hand up, called out before he can even speak. "I volunteer!" I say the words without a single doubt in my mind. This is for Jake. Jasper Waverly District 1 "I volunteer!" I wish I could be surprised. I really wish I could. But I can't be. I knew it all this time. My sister would volunteer and strive to find her revenge for Jake. Nobody could stop her and now she will be in the Games, no doubt about it. My sister steps out from the crowd and her face is oozing confidence. Just for the cameras, I assume. She doesn't show her confidence usually. I sigh, and I know that my choice is coming soon. "Well, well, that is certainly a surprise! Couldn't even wait for me to finish!" Opal calls out, winking at the cameras in yet again an overly-dramatic fashion. "Tell me, what is your name?" Opal sticks out his pudgy little hand which Amber shakes. "My name is Amber Waverly. I am here for revenge." I can just tell the cameras are zooming eagerly on her face. Everyone loves a good revenge story. "Oooooh…" Opal whispers in yet again another stupid dramatic fashion. "Well, let's wait for the interviews to get all the little juicy details, shall we? Let us hear it for Amber Waverly!" Another brief little applause although Opal is literally wobbling as he is clapping so enthusiastically. "Well then, let us go over to the boy's, hmm?" Opal waddles over to the bowl and this time quickly pulls out a slip. "Meppo Glee!" A small boy from the twelve year-old section slowly walks over, fear etched on his face. But no-one volunteers as quick as Amber did. Now is the time. I need to make a decision. What Amber said before shook me. That she would kill me. But… but is she really prepared for the Games? I wouldn't be abandoning anyone as it is just me and her. I see Amber's eyes staring holes into me, willing me to be quiet, to shut the hell up, to just stay silent. Then I catch a hand moving to my left. That makes up my mind before I can think further. I slyly step to the side and knock the hand into the boy's side and throw my own hand up in a flash. "I volunteer!" Amber closes her eyes and slumps in her chair with the look of someone who had just received news of cancer. I stare at her. I will protect Amber at all costs, no matter the obstacle. Amber will win the Hunger Games and will find her revenge for Jake's murder. I guarantee it. A/N:- Something important to note is that I've changed the universe slightly in that Peeta succumbed to his wounds before Katniss got back, thus dying. She still got to the cornucopia, Cato still got attacked by the Muttations, but Katniss won herself. She never used the berries, thus the rebellion never got started and never happened. The Games are still going strong with Katniss as a mentor now. Also, there will be two mentors - one for each gender. It is first person and will be from NINE perspectives - District 1,2,5,7 and 12. Finally, I only own my own characters and the plot (and some creations of the districts and whatnot), and Angie2282, AlexTheMortal, Yajuu Kikuishi, Zac's Username Sucks, and Mulligatawny own their respective characters. (Their usernames are what they were at time of submission).