laugh, pointing to where Effie had just poked her head out of her store, the scandalized expression on her face evident even from here. "If that guy isn't careful, Thread is going to be after his ass for violating the noise ordinance." She watched with mild interest as the motorcycle came to a stop at the red light Rye Mellark's truck had halted at a few minutes before. "OH MY GOD," Gale suddenly said loudly, causing everyone to look at him in surprise. He looked at them sheepishly, but the overall awed expression on his face remained. "That's a Vyrus C3 4VV. They can cost up over $100,000 dollars," Gale said weakly. "Supercharged 1200 cc Ducati engine. 211 horsepower. Only 350 pounds. One of the world's fastest production motorcycles. Perfect for racing. I'd give anything to own one or even-" "Never mind that," Johanna said, cutting off Gale's rambling with a wave of her hand. "Where can I get me one of those ?" she said, pointing at the motorcycle's rider. Katniss hadn't paid attention to him, but upon a closer look, she understood what Johanna meant. She couldn't see the person's face, covered as it was by a full helmet and completely black eye shield, but the motorcyclist's body was something to behold. He didn't look particularly tall, but height had never been something Katniss cared about all that much. Her eyes ran over the blue, orange, and white plaid shirt he wore, her stomach fluttering wildly at the sprinkling of hair that could be seen covering his broad muscled chest where it peeked out from the top two buttons of his shirt that he'd left undone. He'd also rolled his sleeves up to just above his elbows, giving Katniss a good view of his well-developed biceps, which flexed as he moved to adjust something on the bike. Katniss guessed his abs would be just as glorious if they were visible. And when she looked further down his body, Katniss felt a sudden rush of heat between her legs. The faded blue jeans he wore stretched over his powerful looking thighs and sinewy calves, his feet covered in scuffed brown leather work-boots. A silver chain attached at his belt looped to one of his back pockets, securing what Katniss assumed had to be his wallet. She leaned slightly to the left in what she hoped was a discrete way, trying to get a good look at his back side. But the proper angle was too far to achieve without being noticed. Seeming to hear her prayer, the rider leaned over the handlebars, allowing Katniss a spectacular view of the way his jeans molded to his perfectly sculpted ass. Her heart thrummed erratically at the sight of it. Johanna let out a loud sigh of clear satisfaction. "They don't make them like that in Panem. Sorry, boys," she added, noticing the now sour expressions on the Gale's and Finnick's faces. Then, she gave Delly, Katniss, and Madge a wide grin. "Hope he's staying around because I'd really like a taste of what he's packin'." Katniss looked away from her quickly, the tiny spark of anger she'd felt at Johanna's words flustering her. Being possessive wasn't like her. It's not like she knew the guy. She hadn't even seen his face! And if what Gale said was true about the extreme cost of the motorcycle, he was probably just some rich visitor to one of the local resorts. Those people were always here for the summer, gone come fall, with never a glance to spare at any of the locals in the meantime. So when the rider pulled into the spot next to Rye Mellark's truck, Katniss was very confused. It was so unlike resort guests to stop in town in the middle of the day. They were always too eager to get to the beaches. She looked at everyone quizzically, but they only answered her with baffled looks of their own, staring at the driver as he turned off his bike. He didn't take off his headgear right away, but instead sat there silently, his helmet upturned, seemingly staring at the bakery sign. "Another new hire?" Finnick guessed. Gale punched him lightly. "Yeah, sure, Finn. Because riding a motorcycle that costs 100 grand really screams that you need money," he said sullenly. "Maybe he wants to try the 'original' Mellark breads?" Delly said in a perplexed tone. But then she let out a large gasp of surprise as the motorcyclist finally removed his helmet. Katniss felt Gale go rigid at her side, his eyes suddenly shining with poorly concealed anger. Finnick made a choking noise as the color drained from his face. Madge clasped both of her hands over her lips, and Johanna's mouth fell wide open. A wave of dizziness rolled over Katniss, forcing her to clutch tightly to the wood of the bench to keep from falling off. "Is that..." Madge trailed off, forgetting to complete her sentence out of sheer wonderment. "That, that has to be," Delly squeaked out, eyes wide with shock. "No fucking way," Johanna said, astonishment lacing her tone. But if anyone said anything after that, Katniss didn't hear it. She wasn't listening anymore. Even with his back turned to them, Katniss didn't need anyone to tell her who that mop of wavy ash blonde hair belonged to. If anyone asked who that was, she would also be able to tell them the owner had a beautifully straight nose, a jawline so well defined it could probably cut glass, a crooked smile that made girls go weak at the knees, and eyes so blue the sky itself was undoubtedly jealous. Her heart started pounding so hard that she could barely breath. If Gale was her oldest friend, this boy had once been her best friend. And her childhood love. The one Katniss hadn't spoken to in three years, three hundred sixty-four days, nine hours, and twenty-seven minutes. Peeta Mellark had finally come home. .