deeply for a moment, before raising his face to mine again. His eyes are filled with stars and his answering smile is brighter than the sun. "I love you too," he says. "I love you so much, Katniss." There's a power behind his kiss this time that makes me think of my room before the Quell and that night on the beach. But I will not walk away hungry this time. When I reach down to slip my underwear off, Peeta's hand guides mine away. "Let me," he urges. "I've been imagining this for so long." His fingers slip inside and then glide over my bottom, squeezing gently. I gasp at the contact. Then his hand moves down slowly over the back of my leg, taking my panties with it. When they hit the floor, Peeta sits back and stares at me solemnly, his lower lip caught between his teeth. He exhales slowly. "Perfect. You are perfect." "I'm not," I protest. I've almost no figure at all, and the burn scars carve a terrible trail of destruction over my body. "You're perfect for me," he replies, before raising my leg to press a kiss to the inside of my knee. "You always have been." He crawls up next to me and I roll to my side, wriggling closer until we are skin to skin for the first time. My stomach swoops with the contact. The tingly feeling under my skin begins again. Why have we waited so long for this? We embrace again, his tongue slipping into my mouth and touching mine. My hands clutch his rear and press him closer. He gasps and my greed for him intensifies. We turn slightly and his hand slips between my legs and begins to explore. I groan when his fingers slip into the wet heat of my folds. It feels so good to have him touch me that I roll my hips to help him find the right spot and when he makes contact, a high-pitched moan I've never heard before slips from my throat. "Found it," he says with a sly grin before burying his face in my neck. I cease thinking, my entire being focused on that tiny bud, my hips rotating in time with Peeta's touch. I whimper when he lifts his fingers away, watching me carefully as he slides them down, probing gently before slipping them inside. I stretch to accommodate them as they move in and out. "Katniss, you feel so good," he husks. "You're so wet." His thumb finds that spot again and I respond helplessly. I didn't expect Peeta to be good at this, at least not the first time. I wrack my mind, trying to think of any mention of him at the slag heap with other girls. No one comes to mind. "I have some condoms in the drawer," he admits with a blush. "My brothers… After we got engaged, they said they'd neglected my education." Even the tips of his ears are red. "It was a long afternoon." Relief pumping through my veins, I offer Peeta a smile. "Good thing one of us has some idea of what they're doing." After a couple of fumbling attempts, Peeta is finally sheathed and cradled between my hips. He plies me with languid kisses and the heat builds once more. When I can stand it no longer, I rub myself against him and he reaches down to join us at last. His brow furrows in concentration as he presses forward. I will myself to relax. He fills me slowly, my body stretching to allow him entry. I tilt my hips and he slides in further. "Are you alright?" he asks, sounding worried. "Does it hurt?" I shake my head. "Not yet. Keep going." With a nod, he allows himself to sink deeper inside me and the odd, stretching sensation continues until he can move no farther. A groan passes through his lips. "You feel amazing," he tells me. "Are you still okay?" I nod. "It doesn't feel bad, just different." Peeta pulls back again, this time swinging forward faster. His jaw slackens in ecstasy as he moves forward and moans again. He lowers himself to his elbows and brings his lips to my neck, sucking at my pulse point, licking and nibbling his way to my ear. "I love you," he whispers. "Always." He draws my nipple into his mouth, using his lips and teeth in a way that reignites the throbbing between my legs. "Touch me please," I beg, and he reaches between us and finds the little bundle of nerves again and my back arches in pleasure. Instinctively, I clench around him. He moans and curses before he begins to swing his hips in an ancient rhythm. "You are so beautiful. So strong," he whispers in my ear as he continues to massage me. We pick up speed, my hips rising and falling against his. Something builds in my core, drawing me faster and faster down a tunnel of need. I strain toward the end, unprepared for the beauty that lies beyond it. When I burst forth into the light, flying free, I take Peeta's hand, bringing him with me, and we vanquish the darkness together. After, as the fingers of dawn reach through the bedroom window, I listen to Peeta's heart slow to a more normal pace while he plays with my hair. "You love me," he says in wonder. "Real or not real?" I smile to myself before turning my head to look at him. Then I tell him, "Real." AN - Like it? Hate it? Let me know. And if you think this is angsty goodness, go take a look at some of the awesome work my pal and brilliant pre-reader Peetabreadgirl has got underway. She's Everlarking Adele (brave!) and ripping me to shreds with every chapter. It's going to be a beautiful thing. We've got an amazing joint project in the works that's going to blow your socks off.