He took her hand and pulled her around the table to his lap. He stroked her outer thigh under the shirt and buried his face in her neck. "I love you in my shirt," he muttered. "It's the sexiest damn thing I've ever seen." His lips nipped at her collarbone and he settled his chin on her shoulder. "The restaurant is doing really well, Katniss. I could have afforded the trip without the double shifts, but I didn't want to do it that way. I've been saving up for the seed money for another restaurant for the last couple of years. I've got a good nest egg built up, but not quite enough yet. Delly wanted me to use the money for a down payment on a house and our honeymoon. I was willing to give her those things, but I didn't want to give up on my restaurant dream to do it. I told her we'd be fine in the apartment for a while and Rye and I decided that I would take on the extra shifts we usually have over Christmas to save for this trip rather than hiring staff." Katniss played with his hair while he spoke. It was better that he couldn't see her. It was killing her to listen to him talk about living with another woman. "Anyway, after Christmas, I didn't stop working. I'm really close to my goal for the restaurant. She wasn't seeing me much. She was planning the wedding and she was mad that I wasn't more interested. I told her whatever she wanted was fine with me, but I'd take care of the cake and the food. Anyway, about six weeks ago she came into the office at the restaurant and told me she wanted me to cut back on my hours. I said no. She said that she didn't see me anymore and it was only going to get worse if there was another restaurant and she really didn't understand why Rye and I would want to compete with ourselves by opening another restaurant anyway. So I told her." "Told her what?" Peeta toyed with the buttons on her shirt. "That it wasn't Rye's restaurant too. That it was still going to be Mellark's, but it was going to be mine. And it was going to be in Pittsburgh." Her hands stilled in his hair. Her heart began to race as she imagined her reaction to passing an awning with his name on it over the entrance to a romantic cafe. Delly probably had the same thought, she realized. "You never told her you plans? How did she react to that?" He made a face. "Not well. She got very squeaky, accused me of keeping secrets." She hated taking Delly's side. "You kind of did." He shrugged. "Not on purpose. I hadn't really thought about where it was going to be or why I was saving so much. Not consciously anyway. It just, sort of, came together all at once in the heat of the moment. Anyway, she said that she had no interest in living in the city or in spending even more of her evenings waiting for me in the apartment while I worked myself to the bone, especially if I was planning on dragging myself between Panem and the city several times a week. Then she said that if I thought that she was going to waste her life sitting around in Panem while I spent my time in Pittsburgh waiting for you to walk into my restaurant..." Katniss froze and inhaled quickly on a hiss. Peeta laced his fingers through hers and brought them to his lips. "Is that true? Is this my fault?" "No." He used their entwined fingers to wrap their arms around her. "None of what happened between Delly and me is your fault. None of it." He kissed her neck. "We should have talked more about what we wanted from our lives. She teaches school and wants a very traditional marriage with someone who keeps regular hours. Even without the new restaurant, I was never going to be able to give her that." "Do you love her?" She hated herself for asking, for the needy tone in her voice. "Not like this," he said, squeezing her tightly. "Not the way she deserves. It made sense for us to be married. We're a lot alike. We're good friends. Well, we were, anyway. I'm not sure what we are anymore. Our families wanted to see it happen. It just seemed to be what everyone expected of us." Katniss bit her lip. "What about the restaurant, what she said about me?" Peeta sighed and snuggled her neck some more. "She's always known about my feelings for you. Hell, you're the only person we went to school with who didn't." Katniss's eyes became moon-shaped as she processed that bit of information. She could feel him smiling against her shoulder and she swung around so that they faced each other. His hands found her waist while she wound her arms around his neck. "I won't tell you that I've never imagined you walking into my classy little bistro someday and being very impressed, but that isn't why I want a restaurant in Pittsburgh." She remembered how carefree he'd been the night of Finnick's party. "You were happy there." He nodded. "I didn't have my mother breathing down my neck. I wasn't the baker's son. I was just Peeta. I was an artist and a chef-in-training. Then Dad died and I had to go home. It feels, unfinished, you know?" She pecked him on the lips. "I get it," she said, and she did. "But what would have happened if I walked in to married Peeta's restaurant?" He buried his hands in her hair and brought their faces together. Her cheeks were cupped in the palms of his hands as their brows touched. He kissed her forehead while he spoke into her hair. "Maybe you will someday."