happy. Her belly grows and I start to worry. One day I am balancing on what's left of her lap and feel a nudge. I look up in disdain but it couldn't be her who nudged me. It happens again and I startle. The girl laughs and rubs her big belly. I sniff her belly closely and smell something new. A kitten! My Dark Haired Girl is having a Kitten! I rub my head against her, trying to soak up the new scent. I purr with happiness. One day the Dark Haired Girl yowls louder than I've ever heard! There is much activity in the big house. People rush in and rush out. I fear for my Dark Haired Girl but my presence isn't needed. I go to the woods. I return a few sunsets later. The house is quiet. The Boy is sleeping at the kitchen table. I'll check on him later. I creep up to the room with the bed. My Dark Haired Girl lies on her side, looking down at a pink creature in her arms. I approach, as I would prey, slunk down and on quiet feet. She notices me and warns, "Be gentle, Buttercup." I stick my twitching nose out and sniff its head. It's the kitten! She's had the kitten! "This is Willow," The Dark Haired Girl says. Silly Girl doesn't she know, she's light, she's goodness, she's warmth, she's happiness. She' isn't Willow. She's sunshine, My Sunshine. I lick her sweet hair, yellow like the Boy's and like My Girl's, I remember. I curl up alongside My Sunshine and purr. I have a new job; I am the guardian of My Sunshine. I watch over her and the Dark Haired Girl as she nurses. I sleep near her bed in case she needs me during the night. We stare at each other and tell each other our secrets. "Cup!" She calls me when she learns to talk. She grows big and starts to move. She likes to chase me. I am patient. Once with a giggle My Sunshine grabs my tail and pulls hard. I am startled and I yowl, loudly. My Sunshine's smiles turn to a frown and she cries big tears of fear. I scared My Sunshine, I feel terrible. I made her cry. I hate cries. The Dark Haired One shoos me away and I feel bad. I go to the woods. I come back with the next sun. My Sunshine is happy to see me. I lay down beside her on the blankets. My Sunshine reaches for me and gently grabs my fur. Two of her fingers scratch me and the others hold tight. It is nice. She falls asleep and I purr. All is forgiven. The Man keeps creatures in a pen. They are bigger birds than I've ever seen. I keep my distance, my mother taught me well. They are bigger than I. My Sunshine doesn't know this rule. I watch as she toddles after the biggest one. It turns on her and chases her, snapping his beak on one of her little fingers. I must do my job. I chase the bird away and get a snap on my tail for my trouble. My Sunshine is safe in the arms of the Boy. The Boy and the Man praise me. "Good Cat," they say, "Protect your girl." Seasons pass and My Sunshine grows. Another Kitten comes to live with us. This one is a boy. He's OK, but I have My Sunshine. Sunshine leaves the house everyday and I'm not allowed to follow. I did one day, she went to a big building with other people kittens. I couldn't go in, so I sat in a tree outside the window and yowled to let her know I was there. The Dark Haired One closes my window now so I can't follow. Instead I wait in a sunbeam near the window. My Sunshine comes home everyday and kisses my head. "I love you, Buddercup!" She says. I am loved. I am an old cat now. So many seasons have passed that I've lost count. My Sunshine is almost as tall as the Dark Haired Girl. She laughs and she plays. My old bones cannot keep up with her anymore but she still needs me to sleep with her every night. I watch her and I am happy. I am laying on My Sunshine's lap in a sunbeam coming through the window. I am purring. My girl is sad but I don't know why. I am thinking about my life, about my mother, my mate, My Girl. I've had a good long life. It was full of joy and sadness, darkness and light, danger and warmth. I think of the lessons my mother taught me that brought me here to this lap and this bit of sunshine. I think about what she said, that a tomcat must be alone. I realize that maybe it's time I go ahead, on my own. I need to be a brave tomcat. I have to leave my people behind. I am warm, I am dry and if I sleep, the pain goes away. "I love you, Buttercup." My Sunshine says into my ear. "You've been a good cat." I think those are good words. Good words to take with me. I am Buttercup, I am a survivor, I am a hunter, I am a friend, and I am a guardian. I am loved. And with that thought, I sleep. A/N Thanks for reading my first published fanfic. Thanks to the folks loveinpanem for your New Authors Month and for pairing me with katnissdoesnotfollowback as a mentor. As if she doesn't have enough to do, she's taken on helping me through my first multi-chapter work, Playthings - COMING SOON! Thank you. Hope you liked this little look into the story behind my namesake. He survived two bombings and a war and he did it all without thumbs. In my opinion that is badass.