frantic energy. Little sighs of blissful revelry fell from Katniss' lips as Peeta's hands ran over her body, making her feel like he was everywhere at once. But eventually she couldn't take anymore. Katniss gripped him tightly around the neck and wrapped her legs lightly around his waist. Peeta slid his hands underneath her and turned, pressing her up against the wall. He thrust against her, grinding against her core until Katniss was moaning with pleasure. "Peeta," she gasped. "Please. I'm...I'm going to…" But she couldn't speak anymore as she reached her climax, coming harder than she ever had before, never more grateful for Peeta's steadying presence as she shiveringly came down from her high. Finally, Peeta set her down gently but still kept his arms wrapped around her. Katniss looked up at him and kissed him gently. "Thank you," she whispered. "Mmmm. You're wonderful, Katniss," he replied softly. "I think you have me confused with someone else," Katniss said with a shake of her head. "But you're amazing." She glanced down at his still straining erection and boldly cupped him, stroking his length through his jeans. "I'd like to take care of you now," she smiled. Peeta groaned, his head falling back onto his shoulders. "Don't you think that would be a bit messy for the elevator?" he asked. But he made no effort to remove her hand. Katniss looked at him wickedly. "I think there are ways to avoid the mess, don't you?" Peeta's eyes flew wide at the implication behind Katniss' sentence, his body tensing as Katniss quickly unbuttoned him and slid her hand inside his jeans. "Katniss, you don't…" A loud banging suddenly erupted from just outside the elevator doors. Katniss and Peeta sprang apart like they'd been shocked by something as a gruff voice called, "I'll have you out in a second, sweetheart." "Shit," Peeta groaned, scrambling for his backpack. He arranged it over his groin and gave Katniss a sheepish smile. Katniss, however, was unable to smile back, suddenly panicking at the thought of leaving the elevator. Small, dark, and dingy as it was, Katniss had come to like this place for the safety it provided. But once those doors opened, she knew the reality of their world would come crashing down upon her and Peeta. Even though he had confessed to liking her since the beginning of the semester, Katniss could not hope to expect that he would continue to want her. Peeta could have anyone he wanted, and there still was that girl he'd spoken about on the phone, after all. She tried hard to resign herself to the concept that they would probably not have more than this hour together, but the pain in her heart suggested that she would not survive it. Somehow, Katniss knew she needed him. The elevator doors slid open to reveal a grinning Haymitch. "Good evening, sweetheart. Nice to see you again," he said, voice filled with sarcasm. She watched his eyes scan over herself and then travel to Peeta, a knowing look that Katniss didn't like on his face. "Who's your boyfriend?" "Nice to see you actually fixing something for once," Katniss retorted, deliberately ignoring his second question. "Let us out now," she demanding. Haymitch smirked at her and moved to the side silently. Katniss breathed a small sigh of relief as she walked past the man, feeling Peeta walking closely behind her. She looked around and realized the elevator had actually jammed at the eighth floor. Her dorm room was just down the hall. She turned to Peeta but scowled when she saw a troubled look on his face, her fears rocketing skywards now that they were officially out of the elevator. "What's wrong?" she asked. "Oh. Nothing," he replied, but he didn't quite meet her eyes. Katniss' heart skipped a beat. "So, I...uh...guess…you probably have things to do now," Katniss said haltingly, her distress increasing as Peeta's face fell. She didn't understand what she'd done to upset him. "Yeah, I guess so," Peeta sighed. "I was supposed to meet some friends to play basketball a half hour ago, but I would…" Peeta trailed off briefly for a second. "J-j-just. Nevermind. I'll see you a-around," he uncharacteristically stammered. He turned to go, but Katniss caught the sad expression on his face, and she finally understood that he didn't actually want to go. "Wait!" she said, gripping his hand to stop him. He turned back to her, the hope sparking in his eyes encouraging Katniss to speak. "Don't go. I...I know you're supposed to play basketball tonight. I heard you when you were talking outside the elevator. I'm sure that girl is way prettier and better than me, but please stay with me. I don't...want to lose this." "Girl? What girl?" he asked her, confusion reigning on his face. "You asked your friend why he didn't tell you she was going to be there," Katniss said reluctantly, worrying that Peeta would be upset that she had eavesdropped. But to the contrary, Peeta started to laugh. "What?" Katniss asked indignantly. She tried to place her hands on her hips, but Peeta tugged her into his arms to embrace her tightly. "The girl I was talking about was Glimmer. I don't think I have to tell you what a nut she is?" he asked against her ear, kissing along the shell carelessly. Katniss trembled and nodded. Glimmer was the beautiful blonde that Katniss had been jealous of on the first day of class. It hadn't gone without her notice that Peeta rarely talked to Glimmer, no matter how hard that girl tried to get his attention. "So you'll stay with me?" Katniss asked in a small voice. "Always." Katniss: I found a cute boy. Not so hopeless anymore, Little Duck. :) Katniss: Hey Jo. Took your advice. Sorry...or not so sorry...but I can't go out tonight. Johanna: Details! I need to hear this… Katniss: Nope. Author's Note: As always, thank you so much for reading. Please review!