I work through the day, losing track of time. When Peeta arrives home, I have just placed the box under the tree. When he asks me what it is, I just say he'll find out soon enough. After dinner on Christmas Day, we are all gathered in the living room in front of the tree. I am stretched out on our favorite spot by the fire, feeling lazy. My mother is curled up in a chair beside me with a glass of the wine Haymitch had contributed to dinner, and seems to be admiring the tree. Sae and Haymitch are sitting on the sofa with Lily on the floor nearby. Peeta settles down behind me with his arm around my waist. As I gaze around the room, I realize that this is our family, Peeta's and mine. We're a lot battered and a little damaged, but a family just the same. I feel Peeta kiss my neck softly. Haymitch scoffs. "Please, you two. Cut it out for once. I just ate." We laugh, used to his complaints. I peek over at my mother who is smiling at us over the rim of her wine glass, which she sets down on the table beside her. "It's been a long time since I've seen a Christmas tree like this one," she says softly. "It brings back a lot of memories. We always had one when I was a girl. I remember sitting around it just like this after dinner and helping my father to pass out the presents." Peeta sits up then and moves to the tree, passing out our gifts to our guests. Sae and Lily exclaim over the cookies. From the corner of my eye, I see Haymitch promptly crack open one of his new bottles, but I am truly watching my mother. She tears the paper from the painting and then her hand flutters to her mouth. Her eyes fill with unshed tears until a single tear slides down her cheek. "Oh Peeta, it's beautiful. Thank you so much. Thank you both. Katniss, I can't believe you remembered this." When I finally rip my gaze from my mother's face to look at the painting, I see that Peeta has not painted Prim, or at least not Prim alone. She and I are running through a flower-filled meadow on a spring morning, hand-in-hand. I am about 10 years old in the picture and Prim is six. Our braids are streaming behind us. The more I look at it, the more I realize that this is not a memory I've shared with Peeta. It's one of his own, captured from his perspective on the sidewalk in front of the bakery on his way to school. I cross the living room floor on my knees and kiss him hard on the lips. "You constantly amaze me. It is the most spectacular painting I've ever seen and it outdoes this completely," I say as I pass him the shoe box containing my gift. He opens it slowly, curious but uncertain, and then I see a smile spread across his face. "Christmas ornaments!" He lifts one out of the box, and dangles it on his finger by the ribbon I've threaded through the hole I drilled on top. As it spins on his finger, he notices the details engraved into the disk. "Katniss, did you carve these designs?" I hear shock in his voice and I'm too nervous to speak and so I just nod. Peeta doesn't notice. He's completely absorbed in the detail of the ornaments. He lifts each one slowly out of the box, running his finger over the carvings. Then he flips one over and sees that I've carved our initials into the back. He looks up at me and his eyes are swimming with emotion, but like me only a few weeks ago, he doesn't speak. He just rises and hangs each one reverently on the tree, and then kneels beside me, taking my face in his hands. "They're wonderful. I love them. And I love you. Always." From his pocket he pulls a small box. "I didn't make it," he confesses. "But I designed it for you." My heart flips over in my chest and begins to pound as he closes my fingers around the box. "Open it," he whispers. The ring in the box catches the lights of the tree and sparkles. Nestled in a circle of tiny diamonds, is a perfect pearl. I sigh a little and touch my finger to the cool, smooth surface of the pearl. "It looks just like the one you gave me on the beach. I carried it everywhere with me while you were gone, but it disappeared after our last siege in the Capitol. I had it in my uniform pocket with the nightlock pill." "This is your pearl, Katniss. Your mother mailed it to me after her visit last fall and told me to give it to you when the time was right." I look to my mother for confirmation and her face is glowing. She nods and sniffles a little. "Prim and I travelled to the Capitol hospital together. I stayed at the hospital and she joined the medic team. That's why I was there when they brought you in. They cut you out of your uniform and were about to throw it away, but I grabbed it at the last second. I found the pearl in the sleeve pocket and I've kept it all this time, waiting to give it back to you. After I saw you this fall, I knew it was for Peeta to return to you, not me." Peeta gently touches my cheek and turns my gaze back to him. He takes the box from me and and turns my hand over to slide the ring on my finger. "I love you, Katniss. Marry me. Build a life with me." The room is silent. All eyes are on us. "I love you, Peeta. Always. Yes."