his ear. Her sharp, pants send shivers down his spine and his balls tighten. "Unf! Don't stop," she begs. "I need… I mean, I'm almost… I don't know," she groans in frustration. He wonders what it would feel like to slide his hands inside her pants and touch her. Was she wet? Slick with need for him? A familiar tingle begins at the base of his spine and he surges forward. "Ah," she grinds out. "Peeta!" That does it. He presses into her - hard - again and again, as he is overtaken by the power of his climax. She moans and writhes against him, her back arching in surrender. Her body is still shuddering when he buries his face in her neck, trying to grasp at the wispy ends of his senses. It takes a few tries. Katniss is still lying limply beneath him when he finally stirs. "Katniss?" "Mmm?" "We should get up, go to bed, probably." He sits up, realizing his underwear is a sticky mess. He's got a spot on his pants, but it doesn't appear to have soaked through onto Katniss's jeans. He can be grateful for that at least. He stands and pulls her to her feet, in a hurry to get upstairs before she notices the state he's in. "C'mon. I've got to, ah, get cleaned up." The fire has burned down to coals and he decides to leave it, turning to go up the stairs. He tugs on Katniss's arm. She still seems a little dazed. "Time for bed, Sweetheart." She lays her head on his shoulder and wraps her arm through his. They climb up the stairs in the dark, stopping at the head of the stairs, outside his room. He kisses her forehead. "Goodnight, Katniss." She blinks at him, her silver eyes wide and round. "Could I borrow something to sleep in?" He leads her into his room. He hasn't done much with the space yet. He spends more of the night in his studio than he does in here. He pulls his pyjamas off a hook on the closet door. "You can use this," he offers, handing over his pyjama shirt. "I usually just sleep in the bottoms with a t-shirt." He pushes his hair back out of his face and clasps the back of his neck. "I'm just gonna get cleaned up." He nods towards the bathroom door. "'Night." "Okay," she says softly, and turns away. He only knows she's made it down the hall when he hears the door snick closed. He heads into the bathroom and peels out of his pants and shorts, throwing them into the wash for later. He washes up and slips on the pants and the t-shirt, then brushes his teeth while watching himself in the mirror, the events downstairs playing like a movie in his head. An erotic movie. With Katniss. He wasn't sure what to think. Was she playing some kind of game while they were alone? Was it real? What would happen in the morning when her mother came home? He spits his toothpaste down the drain and rinses out the toothbrush before going back into his bedroom to crouch by the fireplace and light the fire. When it's blazing merrily, he cracks the window just enough to allow fresh air into the room and crawls onto the four poster bed. Once his prosthesis is off and propped against the bedside table, he pulls up the covers and stares at the ceiling, listening to the flames pop and crack and remembering the heat of Katniss's breath on his neck. He's just drifting off to sleep when the door to his room opens. The covers lift into the air and Katniss is slipping into bed beside him. "There's no way I'm sleeping down the hall when you're so close by," she mutters as she wraps her frigid toes around his good leg. "Won't Prim expect you to sleep with her?" "Believe me, I'm doing her a favour," she grumbles while she lays her head on his chest. "I think we both could use a night without me screaming the house down." He has to admit that a solid night's sleep sounds like a good idea to him. "She won't get cold?" "I lit a fire in there," she replies on a yawn as she settles down. "It will be nice, you know? When we're able to do this without anyone gasping about the impropriety." He says nothing, choosing to stroke her shoulder instead. "I think we can do this, Peeta. Make the best of it, you know." It's the disappointment that hits him first, but the annoyance is what bubbles out. "Is that what tonight was about? Some kind of experiment?" The question is snarky. He doesn't care. He'd prefer to throw her out of his bed, so she'll have to deal with the tone. When she rises on her elbow to look at him, her expression is stricken. "No! That was… Her eyes dart past his ear toward the bed post. She licks her lips and then turns her gaze back to him. "That was for us. About us, I mean." She settles her head back on his chest. "I've never done anything like that before." Her voice falls to a whisper. "Not even by myself." His emotions volley from the lowest low to the highest high, but he's so used to Katniss's effect on him, he hardly notices. "Me either. With someone else, I mean." "Good thing," she murmurs. "I don't want to waste an arrow on some Town girl." "Katniss!" He wants to be shocked she'd say something like that. He should be shocked, but he's not. Instead, he's delighted. "That's ours," she replies fiercely. He doesn't know what to say to that, so he just hums agreeably and closes his eyes. His last thought before he finally drops off to sleep is that he's never felt more like her fiance then he does at that moment.