out in short heaving bursts. "You feel so good," Katniss choked out, the heat in her abdomen coiling into a molten wire. Upon hearing that, Peeta's descended to attack her breasts again, his thrusts now coming in shallow, short strokes that left Katniss gasping with pleasure. She snaked a hand down to touch herself, wanting to finish before he did, but it was Peeta's turn to grasp her hand to stop her. "No one is going to make you come tonight except me," he growled. He began to stroke inside her deeply again while he rubbed two fingers over her clit. Katniss dropped her head back against the pillow as his touch combined with his length stroking deeply within Katniss careening into her second orgasm, the feel of her hands on Peeta's body the only thing keeping her from floating away. Her shuddering walls proved to be too much for Peeta. "Katniss!" he yelled. Katniss felt him spill himself into the condoms, thrusting into her haphazardly until he too was spent. He collapsed down beside her, his breath coming out in hard pants. They lay like that for a few minutes, each trying to catch their breaths, but eventually Peeta got up and headed in the direction of the bathroom. Katniss continued to lie on bed in stunned euphoria. She had just lost her virginity to her best friend. It had been amazing. And he loved her. He'd loved her as long as he'd known her. Peeta loved her. Katniss pinched herself in an attempt to confirm this wasn't a dream. "Katniss? What are you doing?" Peeta's laughing voice came from the doorway, clearly catching her in the act. Katniss jerked her head up, blushing, to find Peeta standing there with a grin on his face, a washcloth in his hand. Seeing him looking at her with such affection while still naked made Katniss want him again immediately, but the soreness she felt in her pelvis suggested it might be better to wait a little while. "Trying to make sure this is real," Katniss said while Peeta made his way back to her and began to clean her carefully. Katniss winced a little. Perhaps she was more sore than she thought. "It's definitely real," he laughed, but then asked, "Are you alright?" as he tossed the cloth away. He climbed back into the bed and gathered Katniss to him, and Katniss let out a happy sigh. "Yeah. Just a little, um, sore," she answered. "Sorry," Peeta said sheepishly, but the grin that returned to his face let Katniss know he wasn't that sorry. "You want to sleep for a little while?" he asked. Katniss nodded, astonished at how sleepy she suddenly felt. She leaned her head against his chest, enjoying the feel of Peeta's arms around her, and wishing she could freeze this moment right here, right now and live in it forever as his steady heartbeat lulled her to sleep. Just before she drifted completely into unconsciousness, Katniss swore she heard Peeta whisper one last "I love you" into her hair. XXXXX " Boys and girls of every age Wouldn't you like to see something strange? Come with us and you will see This, our town of Halloween This is Halloween, this is Halloween Pumpkins scream in the dead of night This is Halloween, everybody make a scene Trick or treat till the neighbors die of fright..". Katniss rolled her eyes as Peeta sung along tunelessly to the scene playing out on the TV at the top of his lungs, as he did every year when watched this movie. They'd only just emerged from her room after making love... twice... after both of them had realized they were starving. Peeta had suggested they watch The Nightmare Before Christmas while they ate. "Better late than never," he'd said. It was a suggestion Katniss had agreed to eagerly, that was until Peeta had started singing. "My neighbors are going to kill you," she said, hitting him lightly on the shoulder in an attempt to shut him up. Peeta grinned widely. "They've never complained before," he said, reaching for another piece of pizza. "Well, we've never done this on November 1st before. I'm not sure how tolerant Haymitch is going to be of your utter tone deafness. He's usually out on Halloween so he's never had to hear it before," Katniss teased. Knowing her grouchy, usually inebriated neighbor, it wouldn't actually be surprising if he did yell through the wall at her. Peeta dismissed her accusations with a wave of his hand. "I think I have perfect pitch," he claimed. "Sureeeee you do, Mellark." "Just because I can't sing as well as you doesn't mean I can't hold a tune." "Peeta, a group of mangy, stray, tabby cats howling at the moon could sing better than you." "That is totally untrue." Katniss let out an exasperated huff. She turned to Peeta fully and pushed him down onto the couch, the movie all but forgotten. Somehow Jack and Sally just weren't good enough entertainment for her this year. "I've got you," she said. Peeta stared up at her, smile wide and blue eyes lit brightly with amusement. He pressed his forehead against hers. "So now that you've got me, what are you going to do with me?" Katniss smiled down at him, grinding her pelvis into his already hardening length. She leaned down so that her lips barely touched his ear. "Put you somewhere safe but where I can still do some wicked things to you. We're still celebrating Halloween, right?" "Yes, we are," Peeta groaned. He jerked up against her, sending a new frisson of heat slithering though Katniss' body to her core. She wrapped her legs around his waist as Peeta bodily picked them up and carried her back towards her bedroom, stopping to raid Johanna's condom stash for the fourth time. "What are we going to tell Jo?" Peeta asked. "That the ghosts took it. This is Halloween, after all."