grinned. His blue eyes shone under the curls. "It's been awhile." "I was going to say that." She dropped into the chair beside him. The one she'd designated as hers when they picked the set out last summer. "I can't remember the last time you had your guitar out." Peeta shrugged, his wide shoulders golden in the last hours of the early summer day. "I play at night sometimes when I can't sleep. It's something to do with my hands; keep my mind busy, when it's too late to be banging around in the kitchen." "What were you playing?" He gave her a half smile. "The weather was reminding me of that summer when I bought this guitar. We did so much camping. Do you remember?" He sang softly: Your lipstick stains on the front lobe of my left side brains I knew I wouldn't forget you and so I went and let you blow my mind Your sweet moonbeam, the smell of you in every single dream I dream I knew when we collided, you're the one, I have decided, who's one of my kind The sound of Peeta's voice took her back in time to glowing campfires and s'mores; the comfort of his bulk in his sleeping bag beside hers. And this song, the one he was trying to learn all that summer. They'd sung it over and over. Before she knew it, her lips were forming the words of the chorus and her voice was wrapped around his, smoky and sweet. Hey soul sister, ain't that Mister Mister on the radio, stereo The way you move ain't fair you know Hey soul sister, I don't wanna miss a single thing you do tonight It felt so unbelievably good to do this with Peeta again. Once she'd started dating Gale, an awkwardness had grown between them for a while and she and Peeta had stopped camping without ever really discussing why. Suddenly, she realized her mind was wandering and she looked up to see Peeta still strumming away. His eyes were serious when they locked on hers. Just in time, I'm so glad you have a one-track mind like me You gave my life direction, a game show love connection we can't deny I'm so obsessed, my heart is bound to beat right out of my untrimmed chest I believe in you, like a virgin, you're Madonna And I'm always gonna want to blow your mind Peeta's fingers stilled on the strings and Katniss froze in her chair. He was staring at her intently, like he was living in a desert and she was the last drop of water in his canteen. Everything in her that was female came to attention. Her throat went dry. Is this the look Delly was talking about? Was this real or were Delly and Jo just putting ideas in her head? She looked away quickly and spying Peeta's beer on the table, seized it and took a long gulp. When she opened her eyes, Peeta was laying down his guitar. "Katniss," he said tensely, "I think we need to have a talk." She held tightly to the can so her hand wouldn't shake. "You and I have been friends for a long time, right?" She nodded. "And you know I love you." The girls were right, she thought. That look did mean something and once Peeta laid it all on the line, it would all be out there with no going back. "We share just about everything. I let you sleep in my bed. Hell, my clothes make up half your wardrobe." It was true. Their lives were completely intertwined. This next step just made sense, she reasoned. He was probably going to kiss her. And she was going to let him. He was Peeta. Her best friend, the best man she knew, and as gorgeous as a fallen angel. "But just what makes you think you can steal my beer?" Katniss stammered. "Wha-?" "Seriously, Katniss. Some things have got to be sacred, and a man's beer is one of them. So hand that back." Katniss's emotions were reeling. Her mind scrambled for something smart to say and she landed on the best line she could find in the circumstances. "Make me." "Katniss, I want my beer. Hand it over nicely and no one gets hurt." She jumped up and took another big gulp. "You'll have to catch me first, Mellark." She'd always been faster than Peeta and Katniss was out of her chair in a flash, throwing open the patio door and darting into the kitchen. She could hear his heavy footfalls in pursuit and darted toward the stairs, taking another drink when she knew he was watching. She snickered at his roar of mock outrage. Her feet practically flew over the landing at the top of the stairs and she arrowed toward her bedroom door. Peeta must have taken the stairs two at a time, because just as she reached the safety of her bedroom door, he was behind her, whipping her around and pulling her tight against his bare skin. She had nowhere to put her hands but his sculpted upper arms. Their chests heaved as they tried to catch their breaths. Katniss let out a nervous chuckle and smiled up at Peeta, who was gazing down at her lips with heavy lidded eyes. She watched his tongue dart out and sweep across his bottom lip. If she just raised herself up on her toes, she could put an end to this torment. And she'd know. Her fingers flexed as she began to move toward him. Peeta's eyes widened. "Ka-", he began, but whatever he was about to say was cut off by the irritating buzz that passed for a doorbell in their house. Peeta cleared his throat. "That's the pizza," he said, stepping back and heading downstairs to answer the door. Katniss followed, stopping to bang her head on the door frame. What was she going to do?