the sight of her sister standing in the doorway with Buttercup in her hands "I…" she said "I… I miss you." She added as she felt the tears burn her eyes. " I miss you too ," Prim said " but I'm always with you Katniss, always. I wanted to say thank you for looking after Buttercup for me and that I'm happy that you're happy. You deserve all the happiness in the world ." She said smiling brightly. Katniss wiped at her eyes, remembering the day Buttercup had passed away. She had spent the day on the couch with Peeta, the both of them crying their eyes out while Haymitch and Effie made them tea and comforted them. "Prim… I'm so sorry." Is all Katniss finds herself able to say. " You have nothing to be sorry about ," Prim said " I love you Katniss; remember I'm always with you. I'm so happy you have Peeta to look after you ." Katniss opened her eyes to find Peeta murmuring "It's okay," in her ear and rubbing circles on her back soothingly as she cried into his shoulder. "Prim," Katniss sobbed "I dreamt of Prim and Buttercup." Katniss hears from her mother a lot more than she usually allowed but aside from Peeta, Haymitch and Effie, her mother is the only family she has left. Katniss looked at the gift bag sitting on the kitchen side she'd made up for Peeta; she couldn't wait for him to come home from the school. Peeta was patient and caring and he wanted to be a dad more than anything even after everything but Peeta had said that it's a new world, there is no Snow and there is no Hunger Games. They've lived a peaceful life for years. "Katniss," Peeta called out as he took off his shoes and closed their front door behind them "I'm home." Katniss was nervous, why was she nervous? "Go in the living room," Katniss called out to him "I'll be there in a minute." She added as she grabbed the gift bag from the kitchen counter. She walked into the living room with one hand behind her back. Peeta glanced at her curiously "Have I forgotten an anniversary or something?" he asked "because I'm sorry if I have!" Katniss laughed softly "You've not missed anything," she said "just… open it." She added as placed the bag in his lap, sitting beside him. Peeta looked cautious as he opened the bag and grabbed the first thing, he slowly unwrapped it to reveal a pregnancy test that was positive. Katniss watched his reaction go from surprise to shock to joy as his hands started to shake slightly as he looked up at her. "You're really pregnant?" he asked, his voice watery. "Open the rest," she said smiling. Peeta took out another gift she'd wrapped, and slowly unwrapped the paper with shaking hands. She wondered if she should have filmed his reaction but couldn't help the watery laugh she gave when she saw him put a hand over his mouth at the baby grow that read ' I'm going to be a daddy '. "Katniss," Peeta breathed "I thought…" Katniss moved closer towards him "I love you," she said "and you've been nothing but patient and understanding with me, I'm ready to take this next step with you." "I love you," Peeta said as tears rolled down his cheeks. Katniss didn't expect Haymitch to cry; in fact she didn't think she'd ever seen him cry before. Effie she expected to cry so when both Effie and Haymitch both burst into tears at their announcement, Katniss didn't know what to do except to be swept into a hug by the two of them. "Oh Katniss," Effie said "I'm so happy for you and Peeta." Katniss expected Peeta to be wrapped around their daughter's finger but she never expected to feel such love and protection over a beautiful baby girl who not only had Peeta wrapped but Haymitch, Effie and herself too. There are still days when she's fearful of it being taken from her and the nightmares don't stop, they never will. But she has Peeta, she has their daughter and she has this game. A game where she lists every good thing she witnesses someone do and it helps to calm her down. She enjoys watching her daughter grow and learn but she fears for when she learns about her and Peeta's involvement in the Games they teach at the school and the rebellion, Peeta shares the same fear but they get through it a day at a time. Katniss is surprised but not horrified the second time around to learn she is carrying again, Peeta is more than over the moon and their daughter is proud that she's going to be a big sister. Again there are tears on Effie's part and Haymitch isn't as emotional as the first time. Katniss still wakes in the night with a jolt and gasping for air but with Peeta beside her calming her down and reminding her of the good life they have together and their daughter down the hall sleeping peacefully while their son snores heavily in the cot at the end of the bed she remembers that for now, they are safe. Katniss has Peeta and Haymitch is only a house away. Katniss will forever hate how the Games have damaged her and Peeta but it satisfies her to know that her children will never have to know such fear. "I love you," Katniss murmured into the darkness. "I love you too," Peeta replied softly before pressing a soft kiss to her forehead. "I love you mummy," A little voice said from the side of her bed "and I love you daddy." Katniss smiled as she pulled the girl onto their bed for her to shift around before settling between Katniss and Peeta. "We love you too," Peeta and Katniss said in unison. A/N: I had Everlark feelings!