slither out of what was left of her clothing. She crawled back onto the bed on her hands and knees. With him below her, she leaned in for a fast, hot kiss and then scowled. "You have too many clothes on," she complained. Her lips and tongue blazed a trail along his neck and down his chest to his bulging jeans. She clutched at him through the fabric and he groaned. With more confidence than she thought she possessed, she flicked them open and pulled them and his boxer briefs over his hips and down to his knees. Peeta promptly kicked them and his socks to the floor. Giving him a sly grin, she slithered back up his body and brought her lips back to his. She could feel his cock pulsing against her belly and she sat up so that she could take him in hand and bring him the pleasure he had shown her. He watched her swirl her thumb over its moist tip before sliding her hand down and squeezing firmly at the base. He gave a short moan of pleasure before sitting up and kissing her deeply. "That's not the way I want this to end. You'll allow it?" "Yes." "Tell me." "Make love to me, Peeta." He fell back against the pillows, reaching into his nightstand and pulled out a foil package. Katniss took it from him and quickly sheathed him. He rose back up and carefully cradled her head in his hands, once again kissing her softly before guiding her back down to the bed. He hovered above her watching her face as though committing it to memory and then slowly filled her. Katniss watched his head fall back in pleasure and then he joined his hands with her own above his head. He kissed her deeply and then whispered in her ear. "Fuck, Katniss. You feel so good." They began to rock, joined in every place possible, gaining speed as they sped toward a finish line in race neither had expected they would run. Every thrust sent a quick thrill through Katniss's body, still thrumming from her earlier release. Faster, harder, more. Peeta sat back on his heels, changing the angle to bring her more pleasure and reached down to stroke her clit again. Katniss felt the pleasure building inside her again. Her entire body was poised to leap off the cliff. "Are you ready?" she asked him. He nodded. "Come with me this time," she begged, and with another thrust they fell together. Peeta awoke to the sun streaming in the window. At some point in the night, he and Katniss had crawled under the covers and she had curled up on his chest, her hand over his heart. She was still there, breathing softly, her naked body pressed against his own. Her dark hair glowed in the morning light and he stroked the top of her head before running his fingers through the locks as far as he could reach. She murmured and nestled closer, causing his heart to swell in his chest. He had finally stopped imagining them together, stopped looking for her around every corner, only to find her standing in his home last night. And now in his bed. It defied belief. But it was real. And now that he had her, Peeta allowed himself to hope that they were together at last. A couple in love. At least, one of them was, because he was a goner and had been since he was five years old. When she finally woke, her grey eyes were still full of dreams. Her smile was sleepy, if a bit shy. Sex three times in one night could do that to a girl, he supposed. "Hi." Peeta kissed her forehead. "Hi yourself." "I can't remember the last time I slept that well. What time is it?" Peeta looked over her head to the clock on his bedside table. "Umm. About 9:30." Her eyes became as round as moons and she jumped out of bed. "Shit! Shit, shit, shit!" She rummaged through the pile of clothes they'd left on the floor and turned up her skirt Peeta sat up in bed, bewildered. "Katniss, what's wrong?" "I've gotta go home. Prim will be home any minute. I can't let her catch me coming in after being out all night." Katniss shimmied into the skirt and then reached down for her bra and blouse. Peeta started to throw back the covers. "Ok. Just give me a minute to get dressed. I'll take you home." "No!" She almost shouted it. Peeta sat back, alarmed, watching as she hurriedly threw on the rest of her clothes. "No, Peeta. That'll just make it worse. No. I'll just hail a cab downstairs. Where the hell is my phone?" She found it blinking on the floor and flicked it open. Eight messages from Jo. JO: Who's the hottie? (10:55 p.m. JO: F say that was Peeta? THE PEETA? (11:28) JO: U hooking up with him? Heading home soon (11:42 p.m.) JO: Going home. (11:59 p.m.) JO: U need 2 call/txt me! (2:08 a.m.) JO: U broke our rule. Worrying. (5:27 a.m.) JO: Calling cops if u not home soon (9:00 a.m) "Damn. Jo is freaking out. I've really gotta go. What's your cell number?" Peeta dictated the number to her and then heard his phone buzz over on his desk. "There, now you've got mine. Call me, OK?" She rushed back to the bed, brushed his lips with her own, and then she was gone. Peeta watched his bedroom door close while the glow of happiness that had been surrounding his heart faded away and his chest started to ache. He dropped back down on the bed and looked up at the ceiling. For the second time in his life, he'd held the girl of his dreams in his arms and then watched her rush away because of another man. Why in the hell hadn't she told him about Joe?