state of the remaining women would be. She seized a flaming torch to begin the search when another volunteer stilled her hand. He told her they were probably dead. That it would be better if they were all dead and then he pointed to the barrels of powder that they knew belonged to the invaders." I began to trudge through the water back to shore, imagining the volunteers, moving through the streets of an ancient town, rolling the barrels in front of them. The guards, asleep on the job, must have been arrogant enough to believe the only remaining risk was a few escaped slaves. I settled on the beach to dry out and Katniss perched on a rock beside me, her tail dangling into the water. A breeze blows and goosebumps break out on my arms and legs. "My people rolled the barrels down into the caves. Katniss threw her torch onto the pile and my people leaped into the water, following Katniss through the darkness and back to the sea. A roar echoed from under the city onto the water. Fire blew out through the caverns, sending rocks and earth flying high into the air and sinking the invaders' ships. The next morning, as my people tended the sea, a powerful shudder moved through the water rattling their bones as though their bodies were a gong that had been struck. Thinking they were once more under attack, they raced toward the surface, only to find that city was crumbling and the island sinking into the sea. By nightfall, it was gone." I say nothing for a few minutes, listening to the birds sing while the lake laps at the shore. Katniss flicks her tail against the water and looks at me expectantly. Waiting for me to judge her ancestors or something? Not likely. "They were right, you know? After something like that, you're just not the same anymore." Her silver gaze sharpens, wordlessly demanding I explain myself, but I'm too cold for that, so I stand up and start looking for stones to place in a circle. I rip out some dry grass and find some brush near the treeline and drag it back to the shore. I heap it all into a pile and set about using the only skill I learned at the Training Centre that is good for anything outside the arena. I quickly coax a fire out of two sticks and soon it is crackling away. Katniss says nothing, watching the whole procedure curiously. "You are cold?" I nod as I head back for the treeline, intent on snapping off some larger branches to feed the fire. "It's a bit early for swimming, really," I tell her as I return, settling my foot on the centre of the branches and snapping them in half, over and over, until I have a small, useable pile. I crouch down and begin to feed them to the fire. "Tell me about your nightmares." I frown. I don't know how she knows about my dreams. I don't want to talk about them - ever. "They're not dreams," I say, using a stick to poke at the coals. Sparks fly high into the sky. She purses her lips, and turns her face to the sun. It is high in the sky now, practically noon. "They are memories?" "Yes." "Yours?" It seems like an odd question, but I tell her yes anyway. "How do you know about them?" Her eyes meet mine. "We are connected, you and I, until I make my decision." This seems rather unlikely, but then, the whole thing is completely crazy. Still, the connection explains her song in my sleep. I poke the fire some more. "I hear you, at night." She stares at the fire, twisting a lock of her hair into a tight coil around her finger, chewing lightly on her bottom lip. "You are not alone in the dream world as long as the connection between us exists." Oddly, this feels like a comfort rather than an invasion. "What if you decide you don't want me?" Her eyes snap from the fire and onto me, the flames flickering in her pupils. "Then you will forget and I will go home." "And what about me? Do I have a choice in this?" Her tail twitches in irritation. "The final choice must be yours. Made freely. My people mate for life, Peeta Mellark. This is not a game." I don't know where the bark of laughter comes from inside of me, but I feel it cross my lips, wrapped in a long repressed fury. "Trust me, I know all about games, Katniss." Her tail slaps against the water, and the fire stutters as the spray rains upon it. She drops down into the water and begins to push herself out into deeper water. Before long she's waist deep and I'm still sitting on the beach with sand in my underwear. "I'm going home," she calls, and dives beneath the surface. I'm left on the beach with a dying fire. I sigh and push myself up into a standing position, pull on my clothes and throw some sand on the coals to smother them. I stand at the edge of the water, now transformed into a sheet of glass. I wait, hands on hips, for her to resurface, but she does not. Nothing is left except for the smouldering remains of my fire and her song on the air. Finally I sigh, brushing the sand from my hair and turn to the woods. I begin the long walk home and for once, my mind is not on the Games. Instead, I'm dwelling on whether I'll ever see her again, if in fact she was real. And then her parting words echo in my ear and I can't help but wonder if questioning what I saw is all part of the process of erasing her from my memory. I'm just not sure that I want to forget.