Peeta's blonde locks shone in the moonlight streaming through the patio door and she fisted her hands in his curls, their lips melded together, while she ground herself against him again and reached for the button of his slacks. Peeta shook his head, before climbing off the bed and removing them and his boxer briefs. He rummaged in the bedside drawer. Then he held out his hand to her. She took it and joined him beside the bed. "Come with me," he whispered. "I want to make love to you in the moonlight." She nodded in agreement and followed him as he led her out to the balcony, glancing around to be sure they were alone. He led her over by the little bistro set where they'd eaten breakfast and tossed a packet onto its surface. With her face cupped in his hands, Peeta leaned in to kiss her. Their lips met and clung together as he slowly backed her into the parapet wall. Peeta pulled back slightly to look deeply into her eyes. He traced her lips with his thumb and then sank his hands into her hair at the nape of her neck. When he brought his mouth back to hers, Katniss welcomed him with an open mouthed embrace, their tongues dancing together. Her hands tightened around his waist to hold him tightly against her, her need for him pushing away any worry they might be seen. Peeta's mouth began to trail along her neck. Katniss moaned in an equal mix of pleasure and frustration. Peeta gave her a wolfish grin. He brought his finger to his lips, signalling her to be quiet, and began to ravish her breasts, raising each mound to his mouth until her nipples were erect and aching. He kneeled on the floor of the balcony as he kissed her belly and then hooked her bikini bottoms with his fingers. "May I?" he whispered. Katniss whimpered softly and nodded. She wanted, needed, his mouth on her. The bikini bottoms slipped slowly off her hips. He cupped her rear gently and then slid his hands up one slender leg to ease it out of the garment before stroking down the other leg to remove the bottoms. Katniss kicked them aside. Peeta reached out and grabbed a chair from the bistro set and raised her foot upon the seat so that she was spread out before him. His thumb began to gently massage her clit, already swollen and slick with need. "Fuck," he cursed. "You're so wet, Katniss." Katniss bit her lip, unsure whether to be embarrassed by the state of her arousal or thrilled by his dirty talk. Then it didn't matter anymore because he brought his mouth to her core, flicking his tongue once over the hooded nub, causing her to cry out. When he drew the bundle of nerves into his mouth and began to suck, Katniss gasped again and made a keening sound as she held him to her. Peeta stopped and peered up at her. "Our neighbours will hear us," he warned. "Don't care," she said desperately. "Just don't stop." Peeta smirked and then returned to his ministrations. He drove two fingers inside her, stroking the pleasure zone just above her public bone. Katniss clenched her muscles as she began to ride his fingers, making frantic noises in her throat. Peeta responded with a groan of pleasure and the vibration took her higher. She called out his name again as another frisson of pleasure coursed through her. It was only this good with him. She had never trusted anyone the way that she trusted him. Her muscles clenched as she readied herself to fly. "Peeta, I want you to come with me." He replaced his mouth with his thumb and looked up at her through his long lashes. "Not this time. Soon." When he mouth returned to her clit, he sped up his thrusts and Katniss came, her head thrown back to the starry tropical sky, calling his name. She was barely back on Earth when Peeta grasped her by the hips and spun her around. Quickly, he sheathed himself and filled her. Katniss, still feeling the aftershocks of her orgasm, responded with a delighted moan as she grasped the low wall. She looked over her shoulder at Peeta, whose eye were closed, his face and jaw slack with pleasure. When he finally opened his eyes on hers, his pupils were fat and his gaze intense. A thin sheen of sweat lay over his neck and shoulders. "God, you feel so good," he said. "You ready?" Katniss nodded and angled her hips to take him deeper. "Now. Hurry." Peeta's fingers flexed at her hips as he drove himself into her again and again. Katniss lost herself in the speed and power of his thrusts. A breeze blew up off the water, stimulating her sensitive nipples. She rolled them between her fingers and thumbs and the pleasure shot right to her thighs. She could feel herself tighten even further around Peeta's cock. "Fuck, Katniss. You're so tight." She looked over her shoulder. Peeta was straining for control. "Touch me," she begged. When the heat of his fingers met her aching clit, Katniss called out her release and with two strong thrusts, Peeta's followed. When their breathing finally slowed, Peeta eased her back into his arms and tenderly kissed the nape of her neck. "That was, uh, wow." Katniss laughed and looked out over the beach where their little campfire had been reduced to embers. "It's a good thing we're going home tomorrow. I won't be able to face the neighbours." Peeta's forehead fell against her shoulder. "This wasn't quite the romantic night I had in mind," he muttered. Katniss turned in his arms and smirked at him. "The night's not over yet. We have lots of time for romance." Peeta lifted her into his arms and kissed her gently as he turned back to the bedroom. "I love the way you think."