I swiftly go to her and gather her into my arms, and she hugs me back tightly, not because she must cling to me for warmth on a cold night in the woods, but simply because she can. "You're nearly there," I hear her whisper against my heart. She pulls away from me and points me on, but not before saying, "And later, we'll have music." She gives me a playful shove, but I give her another hug, wondering how this could possibly be real. That is, until I see him. My father. I know him by his hair, the color the exact same shade as my own, and the astounding love written on his face. He opens his mouth and exhales such a melodious laugh, I believe the birds would fall silent in the face of it. I already know they do that when he sings, so why not his laugh? His arms are wrapped around a small woman with blonde hair. My mother. Her eyes are no longer dull, but vibrant and full of life, recalling a happy era when our family had not yet been rent into pieces. There is adoration on her face for the laughing man beside her and I see that she is finally awake again. She smiles at me like she once did, a smile that speaks of many days to come, when we can talk, when she will brush my hair. She holds the hand of a small girl, who stands next to her. My sister. My precious Little Duck. Soft tendrils of hair have escaped from her two long braids, and I can just see where the flap of her shirt has come untucked in the back. Her cheeks are rosy, her skin dewey in the soft afternoon light. She holds that mangy cat in her arms, and I can hear a goat bleating behind her. Tears begin to stream down my face as we all rush forward at once and embrace one another, collapsing onto the ground into a laughing, crying, smiling, tangled heap of arms and legs. My family has been made whole. Almost. "We were wondering when you'd show up," my sister laughs after we have sufficiently hugged one another, at least for now. "I was getting tired of waiting." But then to my surprise, she looks at me rather sternly. "Though, I was a little angry when you tried to show up here early." I bow my head in a little shame. "I'm sorry," I murmur. "I didn't remember that life could be good again, not with my losses. I needed someone else's help to learn that. It took a long time." "Yeah...And think how much easier it would have been if you'd just listened to me from the start. I guess it's a good thing I love you," a teasing male voice that sends my heart rate rocketing upwards echoes from behind me. I scramble to my feet, turning as as I do so, and the tears start anew at the sight of the person now before me. He stands a short ways away from me with a wide grin on his face. The sunlight is glinting off his golden waves, and his eyes are two tropical oceans, full of light and life. He wears a simple shirt, the top button open so that I can just see the smattering of hairs on his taut chest, and while his pants cover his legs, I can tell he does not need his prosthetic. His body has been healed, and he does not move with pain anymore the way he used to, a gruesome reminder of the terrible damage from that time he was ripped away from me. He is clean-shaven, his face no longer wrinkled, and his body is as toned as it was on the day of our second reaping. I stare and stare and stare at him, drinking my fill of of his wholeness, his solid warmth that I can feel even from here. He is young again, just like me, but when I look at him, I can see 5 and 16, 21 and 35, 64 and 80. I see all of it...all our years together...and all the eternity to come. My best friend. My husband. My love. "Peeta!" I cry out, bounding towards him. His grin widens and his arms open wide for my final welcome home. He strokes my face as if to assure himself that I am real. I feel him press me against his body, and I wrap my hands tightly along his neck, raking my hands through his soft curls. "Katniss," he whispers reverently as he dips his head to meet my lips for a deep kiss. And this world flees from my sight, until it feels as if we two are the only ones left in it, but I do not care who is watching. I have found the one I need. XXXXX The reaping bowls are empty; the ash has disappeared. A gathering of friends dance to a fiddler's merry tune. Echoes of laughter drop like a sweet spring from the mouths of two young girls as they play in a dandelion strewn field. The last soft rays of an orange setting sun fall softly on a sleepy green forest, while mockingjays trill happily in the treetops. A reunited couple makes love on the banks of a crystal lake. They renew their vows, promising each other ALWAYS, as they first did on their toasting day. And somewhere in the distance someone sings: Deep in the meadow, under the willow A bed of grass, a soft green pillow Lay down your head, and close your sleepy eyes And when again they open, the sun will rise. Here it's safe, here it's warm Here the daisies guard you from every harm Here your dreams are sweet and tomorrow brings them true Here is the place where I love you. Yes. Here is the place where I Love You .