Prim folded her arms over her chest. She looked like an angry Barbie doll. "What did Rory do?" Katniss asked drily. Prim exploded again. "I am so sick of the little hints and pushes about how much he wants to move back to Panem! And I get it OK? But that means I have to give up all the opportunities I could have at a city hospital. And it means I have to leave you. I know you're in Panem a lot now, but still. This is just as much home to me as Panem! And if he thinks I'm going to give that all up before he even puts a ring on it..." she pauses dramatically, waving her empty finger, "Well, he's sadly mistaken." Rory took Katniss to help him pick out Prim's ring weeks ago and Peeta knew he planned to give it to her for Christmas. The younger man must have been trying to make sure that he and Prim were on the same page about their future before he popped the question. But, after all these years with Prim, Peeta thought Rory should have known better than to attempt pressuring an Everdeen sister into doing anything. Maybe his nerves were affecting his judgement. "Aw Prim," Peeta teased. "Give him a break. He's being an ass. But he thinks the sun rises and sets on yours." Prim rolled her eyes and looked at her sister. "How do you put up with this guy?" Katniss shrugged. "He's pretty." Peeta protested in mock outrage and his fingers found Katniss's rib cage, tickling her mercilessly while she squirmed against him. "And here I thought you were just in it for the cheese buns." Katniss looked up at him from under her lashes. "Well, they are nice buns." Prim slapped her hand over her eyes and pretended to gag. "You two are so gross. No wonder Jo moved out." Her face fell, taking on a vulnerable expression. "I can't believe the three of us are going to be apart at Christmas this year, Katniss. I've never had a Christmas morning without you." "You never have to be alone at Christmas, Prim," Peeta said softly, but firmly. "You and Rory are always welcome with us. Why don't the two of you just stay over here after we visit your mom on Christmas Eve?" Prim made a face. "And be stuck in the middle of your first Christmas together? No thanks. Rory and I will just be over for dinner on Christmas Day like we planned." "And Peeta's cooking, Prim, so it'll actually be good," Katniss piped up. "For the first time. Ever," her sister retorted. She played with a button on her jacket. "Remember that first Christmas dinner we made? It was terrible, but we thought it tasted pretty good. Especially since we weren't sure we'd even get one. You totally saved us. Remember how broke we were?" Katniss nodded and looked down at her hands. "I was so proud of you when you won that contest. You should have seen her, Peeta," Prim enthused. "She wore this super sexy dress and then climbed up on a stage in the middle of a mall and sang like her heart depended on it. She brought down the house and then they handed her a $1,000 cheque." Prim smoothed her hand over the jacket, soft from years of use. "This jacket was my Christmas present that year. It's still my favourite." Peeta looked at his wife incredulously. "Why didn't I know about this? What did you sing?" Katniss tried to wave it off, muttering that it was just a stupid contest and didn't matter. Prim was having none of it. "You blew everyone else out of the water. It was on the radio and everything. I even wondered if you'd get a recording contract or something. She sang that song," Prim snapped her fingers trying to remember what it was called and then pointed at her sister. "All I Want for Christmas is You." " You sang Mariah Carey?" Peeta struggled to imagine Katniss channelling the perky pop diva. She just wasn't the type. Katniss shook her head. "Not that version. That crooner, Michael Buble did a cover of it. I covered his cover, I guess." She closed her eyes and sang the opening lines. The minute he heard her voice, Peeta's mind flashed back to that first lonely Christmas in the bakery in Panem. The way he'd longed for her and tried to forgive her. "Katniss. I've heard that on the radio before. On PITT FM, years ago. That was you?" Katniss spun around and looked up at him in shock. "You heard me?" "I didn't know it was you. I hadn't heard you sing since we were kids, but you were all I could think about when I heard the song." Katniss reached out to toy with the hem of his shirt. "I…," she stammered. "That was the Christmas after we…," Her cheeks turned a rosy hue and she dropped her hands. "I was thinking about you when I sang it. I didn't think you'd hear me, but I guess I hoped you would." "Sweetheart," Peeta breathed and took her hands. "I tried to call you and got your voicemail. I turned it off before they said who it was. I…," He passed a hand over his face. "God, Katniss, if I'd known that was you, nothing would have kept me away." Katniss framed his face in her hands and brought it down to her own. "Ooookaaaay," Prim dragged the vowels on a long exhale as she swung her feet to the floor and sat up. She muttered something about knowing her cue when she heard it and headed for the door. "I'll let myself out," she called over her shoulder, even though they weren't listening. The door clicked shut behind her, leaving her sister and brother-in-law exactly where she found them. Wrapped around each other and making up for lost time.