there and refused to budge no matter what his wife had said or promised. Normally the man pretty much trusted Katniss to know what she was doing when it came to the woods, but the man had proven to be even more overprotective of the kids than Katniss. Of course the two had a very different way of coping with that need to guard their children against the evils of the world. Katniss's idea was to make her kids as badass as she could make them so that they'd be able to handle anything thrown at them, while Peeta tried to keep them close and where he could see them as much as possible. On bad days Katniss had to all but sit on him when Flora wanted to visit or sleep over at one of her friends' houses. "Well let's get you two to the bakery." "Okay." They chimed back. ) The walk to the bakery didn't take that long, Flora chattering like a mockingjay the whole way there as she recounted everything interesting that had happened to her since they'd last spoken. She was still telling him all about the rabbit she'd apparently chased all over the Seam the day before when they arrived at their destination, the bell hanging over the door signalling their arrival in the otherwise empty shop. He heard Peeta coming out from the back, the boy had had a heavy tread even before he'd lost the leg, and set Mitchie down on the wooden floor just as the boy's father came into view with a big smile on his face, his blue eyes lighting up as they always did at the sight of his children. Running over to give their father big hugs the two children squirmed after a few moments, both wanting their afterschool treat. Understanding that Peeta gave them one last squeeze and then let them loose, turning his attention to Haymitch while the kids turned theirs to the three kinds of cookies available in the display, debating which one to have since they were only allowed one each. "Thanks for watching Mitchie and picking Spunky up. You want something too?" "I wouldn't mind a cookie, I suppose." "I'll get it." Grabbing the two cookies she wanted most and couldn't decide between, Flora broke each cookie in half and then placed one of each kind on a napkin. Then she hurried around the counter to present her grandfather with one of the napkin wrapped pieces with the explanation that now he got to try both. "Thanks, Kiddo." Amused, Haymitch bit into the first piece with Flora at his side, the little girl now stuck debating with herself as to which kind she wanted to eat first. After getting glasses of milk for everyone Peeta joined them in sitting at one of the two tables he had set out for those who wanted to eat their treats inside the bakery. "So how's it going, Haymith?" Briefly Haymitch wondered if Katniss had given her husband a heads up, then decided she wouldn't have taken the time to double back this way when there was hunting to be done. And he was good now, so it wasn't even a lie when he said he was doing good and asked how the baking had gone for the dinner thing. Blowing out a breath Peeta rolled his eyes. Quickly he summarized the chaos of putting this whole thing together, especially since the mayor couldn't seem to remember that even though things were loads better than they'd once been this was still District 12 and fancy, elaborate dinners were not their thing. Plus it wasn't like they were hosting the districts that had once produced the Careers, who put on lavish affairs and expected everyone else to do the same. But no, most of his comments and suggestions had fallen on deaf ears, which was why his wife had had to go hunting in the first place. The people in charge of the main course had tried to go too fancy with the preparations and had ended up starting a fire instead. This led them to talking about all the ridiculous parties they'd been forced into attending over the years, comparing horror stories until Peeta's voice died off in mid-sentence, his attention having been snagged by something outside the window. Make that someone, Haymitch thought to himself as he watched the incredible, never ending love that come over Peeta's face, which changed the whole man's aura as the younger man got to his feet with a quick promise that he'd be right back. And he was, with two small cheese buns on a plate before the bell sounded again and in came Katniss with a scowl on her face, though it disappeared pretty quickly once she saw them and the snack waiting for her. "No luck?" "Oh I had luck, I just didn't get the venison Mr. Mayor was expecting. Like I can just magically summon them to me at will." Rolling her shoulders Katniss walked over and took a seat on her husband's knee rather than retrieve another chair. There wasn't room for that and Peeta liked this for some reason. And since they'd both had stressful days, and stress upped the chance for nightmares, Katniss figured it was in their best interests to stick together for the rest of the evening. "So what were you guys talking about?" Peeta grinned. "Comparing party horror stories." "Yeah, I guess you'd have more of those, huh?" Katniss actually gave Haymitch a pitying look before she reminded them of an incident that had happened three years ago at one of the parties thrown in honor of the birth of the Mockingjay's second child. And of course the kids wanted to hear all about it, having been too young to remember, and so the three adults took turns adding to the running commentary as they gave their version of the great exploding cake story, much to everyone's delight and laughter.