to withstand the many lashes playing out the scene of war across his back. Haymitch turns up a little after that, talking me out of further problems and we take Gale back to Victors Village to be healed but he looks so weak, so broken and I know I can't run, I can't let this happen to anyone else. The Mockingjay appears again, on a cracker as though it were a common occurrence. A girl tells me it means she's on my side and I wonder what that means, I wonder at what point I had begun to oppose something so greatly that I had my own side. Going to District 13 makes no sense to me since it's been destroyed for quite some time and yet they seem so hopeful that it'll house their salvation, that they'll find solace after the uprising in their home. I wonder how they'd even managed to survive this long being from District 8 but I don't question it, I simply ask about what I assume it tea. Twill tells me she's not really sure just that she thinks she remembers someone doing it with pine needles in the Hunger Games. My mind wanders to District 7 for a moment; the place I think of immediately at the mention of pine needles, being the district of lumber it was bound to have been one of them. I don't dwell too much on those in the games I simply give them the food they so desperately need and ask to hear their story. I find myself flinching at their story, at how they'd held victory in their hands and then had it ripped away from them as well as their families. The word hope is what brings me back to my senses, because all of it is simply a delusion, the Hunger Games were designed to rip hope away and in my eyes they were doing an extremely good job. Hurting my ankle hadn't been my plan of attack as I climbed the newly electrified fence but neither had Peacekeepers turning up in my house, though any further damage seemed to be avoided, thankfully. Everything else seems eerily peaceful for a while after that, though the dark thoughts of everything linger in the back of my mind because I know it's the calm before the storm, the silence before the blood curdling scream and I found myself waiting for the shoe to drop with every passing second. The peace is disconcerting but what throws me perhaps even more is what I see when I finally venture downstairs on my ankle, a news story. I see the smouldering remains of buildings that once stood high and mighty and I catch a glimpse of a mockingjays wing, but only for a second as it disappears from the frame. It doesn't really catch my attention then; it doesn't prove that Twill and Bonnie's hopes were validated. I only pay attention several days later when the news cuts to what is supposedly live footage of a news reporter in front of the carnage of 13, wearing a protective suit as to not endanger herself, reporting that it's still too dangerous to be anywhere near the area but as they go to turn back to the main news reporter I see the flash of a wing. A mockingjays wing. The same exact wing on the original footage of the broken District 13. She wasn't really in 13, which begs the question, what exactly is? I tell Haymitch what I saw but he seems to react the way I did the first time I heard the theory, but I expected no less. The next time I find myself on the floor is when the Quarter Quell is announced. There's a nagging voice in my head that's screaming at me that I'm going to have to go back in, that Snow will send me back in as a way to eradicate me but that's not it and I'm slightly taken aback. I wonder who decided on the elaborate Quell that requires a code to escape the arena. My first thought is that they've somehow found a way for everyone to die, in the event that they don't find the right code to escape. My second thought is that the person who decided upon it is even more sick and masochistic than I originally believed because every tribute is given one piece of the code and that means torture is an inevitability and I'm disgusted that they'd put people through that. That they'd make them beg and beg for death, make them scream in pain till nothing more than a whisper could slip from their hoarse throat, but in truth I'm not that surprised because this is Snow and the Capitol and this kind of vile act occurs on a weekly basis. My next thought is about the people who will have to watch their children, siblings, friends, neighbours weep for mercy, pray for one more moment or one less. The Hunger Games were already an abomination, they were already taken too far and yet they found a way to push the boundaries, much like I did, though I pushed them for life and they were pushing for submission. My final thought that comes is about me because at first I think I'm relieved to not have to return to the games, especially with its revamped ideas but then it occurs to me that I'll have to build people up to simply throw them into that place. The place that you can't ever truly be prepared for. The place that messes with your head in way you never could have imagined, even though you watch the carnage every year. The place where you can 'win' but there aren't really any victors, only the dead and the damned, and to be perfectly honest I'm not completely sure which is worse anymore, but I'm beginning to think that death was the best choice all along.