she finally finishes riding out her high but you don't move far, you fall next to her panting body, the only part of you still in contact with her is the skin on the side of your pinky that every once in awhile grazes the skin of her hand. You jolt in surprise when she reaches over and places her hand on yours. You turn your head to catch her eye and once again catch the undeniable vulnerability lying in her depths. You don't say anything though. No. You don't speak; you just flip your hand over and intertwine your fingers before reaching for the sheet and pulling it on both of you. Neither of you move then. You don't shift closer. You don't hold one another. You simply lay, content in the contact between your hands, knowing you both are feeling the exact same thing. You don't take your hand away and eventually you drift into sleep. You wake up and find yourself alone in your bed. You can't explain the undeniable anger that surges through you at that moment but you are suddenly glad that training is today because you have the incessant urge to put an arrow through something… or someone. You must look angry when you walk in because Peeta watches you cautiously out of the corner of his eye and when Johanna's carefree eyes meet yours they suddenly look panicked. Good , you think, let her be afraid. You aimlessly walk around like Haymitch asked, trying to find allies but the only people you really want on your team are those you know he will never accept. You eventually find your way to the bows like you originally intended after you see Johanna naked and oiling her skin with something that reminds you of how she looked in the moonlight, coated in sweat. You pick up the bow, if only to have something to concentrate on other than the flashes of her hoarse voice calling your name in your head, only the voice becomes more prominent and with your eyes closed you're not quite sure if it's in your head anymore. "Katniss!" You grab an arrow subconsciously and turn with your bow poised to shoot, you seriously consider going through with the action when you see Johanna Mason, still naked and oiled for wrestling, standing in front of you. You don't shoot though, you simply spit out, 'leave', through clenched teeth. "Somebody woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning" You don't know what compels you to warrant her snark with a reply but you rush out a whispered comment making sure the rest of the tributes don't hear. "There wouldn't have been an option of sides if you hadn't of left me alone in the bed." The corners of her mouth turn up slightly before she breaks out into her usual smug grin, all the while leaning against the bow stand, causing her abdominal muscles to ripple and your stomach to burn with heat at the sight. "Ah, so that's what this is about? Would you have preferred getting caught by your little bread boy with me in your bed?" She spits out the words that are in correlation to Peeta and you almost copy her grin when it occurs to you that she is jealous of the baker from District 12. You don't smirk though. You sigh deeply before replying. "No, of course I didn't want to be caught" "Exactly. Now show me how to shoot Girl on Fire" The name makes you shiver as you recall the sound of her voice as she spoke it last time. She winks at you for the second time in your life before extracting the bow from your hands and stepping to a target. She lifts the bow and places an arrow to the string before letting it fly, but it misses the target completely and you decided to help her instead of watching her fail miserably. You're not sure why you thought it would be a good idea to step up behind her and press your body into her very naked one, wrapping your hands around hers in order to move them into the correct position. You do know what causes you to smile though and it's the way she trembles slightly as your breath dances down her neck and along the expanse of your chest. Once you think you've successfully put her into position you move your hands from hers and instead grip her hips tightly. You turn your face so that your lips gently graze her ear as you whisper, "Shoot" The arrow whizzes through the air and sinks into the middle of the target, only you don't pay much attention to your success in teaching because you're too enraptured by the way she turns her head to you, realizing to late that you are so close that moving her head makes her lips glide along yours. A distant cough is what pulls you away from almost kissing and you both jump as far as you possibly can away from each other before looking up and realizing you've drawn in quite a crowd. All of the tributes really. You don't look back at her as you walk away and from then on you do your best to steer clear of the girl from District 7 who is far more of a star crossed lover than Peeta would ever be. But she keeps popping up regardless. You see her in your dreams. You see flashes of her in the arena. You hear her screams in the jabberjays calls. You fear for her life when you hear she's in The Capitol, because you finally realize why the choice between Peeta and Gail was never really made, it was because the true choice was between who you are and who you were supposed to be and the only real answer was Johanna Mason. Johanna Mason and her inexplicable distaste for simply wearing clothes.