into his pillow, his breathing coming heavily again. "Sssshhh" Effie cooed again, pulling him into an embrace even as her whole stomach seemed to knot and snarl at the proximity. "Effie?" His voice was vague and distant, telling Effie he was still half-asleep, but even so the sound of his voice made the last little shred of aplomb she might still have retained hang itself. "You're in my bed" he muttered vaguely in amusement as she lay frozen "Thought you hated me, sweetheart?" "Not as much as you hate me" Effie replied sadly, but Haymitch had already fallen back asleep. She felt his breath tickle her chest as he snored softly, wrapped in her arms. She wriggled further down into the bed, giving in to the circumstances, and kissed his brow softly. A single, solitary tear ran down her cheek and into his hair. The avox was shaking him awake as Haymitch groaned reluctantly. He stretched out on his bed feeling unusually rested. The male avox was laying out one of his Effie-approved outfits on the chair and pointed at the clock, reminding Haymitch of the interview at 11am. "Yeah, yeah, alright" Haymitch muttered, unable to bring himself to be nasty when he felt this peaceful. There was a knock at the door. "Haymitch! Are you ready yet?" Effie called with that annoying capitol inflection. "Leave me alone, woman! I've just woken up!" He heard her tut impatiently from the other side of the door. "Have you gone through the days timetable?" she called. "No! Because, and I'll say it again, I've just woken up. I haven't even showered" "WELL GO!" she shrieked, alarm evident in her voice causing Haymitch to chuckle. "Alright princess" he muttered "keep your hair on." Effie waited until she heard the shower turn on before entering the room. She dived in and grabbed the magazine from the bedside table and handed the cloth to the avox. Leaving the timetable on the bed and straightening the covers impulsively- how had she not noticed last night how messy his room was?- Effie clattered quickly back out of the room, tottering in her heels. She'd soaked her feet for half an hour that morning, bandaged them up and stuffed her shoes with tissue to cushion them and it was still agony. At ten to eleven, Effie was drumming her fingers impatiently against the table when Haymitch sauntered in. "Alright, I'm here" he muttered. "Jeesh, Effie" he said, eying her in amusement "Must have been a hell of a party, you look shattered" Effie smiled tightly, hiding a wince at the jolt of pain. She hadn't wanted to enlist the help of a stylist and admit to the humiliation of showing her bruise, so Effie had spent nearly an hour and a half on her make-up and she still looked tired. "I thought I looked rather nice" she replied easily, touching her wig. It was piled high in elaborate curls in a bright pink colour, matching her lipstick perfectly. She'd decided against red lipstick today. Haymitch snorted. "That's all you care about, isn't it, sweetheart?" he said, shaking his head in derision. Effie's smile slipped a fraction but otherwise remained intact. "Did you bring the papers I left you?" Effie asked, slowly rising to her feet. Haymitch furrowed his brows momentarily as he noticed the uncomfortable way Effie was holding herself. "What papers?" "Oh Haymitch!" Effie exploded, reverting back to her usual self immediately "I left it on your bed. Go and get it now. We'll discuss it in the elevator!" "Oh good" Haymitch replied sarcastically. He walked into his room and frowned, shaking his covers but the papers were not there. Thinking they must have fallen to the floor, he crouched down and…sure enough, there was the timetables written in Effie's immaculate penmanship. Next to a half drunk mug of hot chocolate. Haymitch stared at it blankly, coming up with no viable explanations of how that might have got there. "HAYMITCH!" Effie hollered from the lounge. Slowly, with considerable confusion, Haymitch walked back out of the room. "Effie?" Haymitch asked in the elevator, interrupting her speech on the importance of arriving prompt to the interviews "What did you do after your party last night?" "Hm, what?" she asked distractedly, annoyed at having been interrupted no doubt, a muscle in her jaw twitched angrily. "I came home and you were passed out drunk on the sofa. One of the avoxes carried you to bed" Effie said, rolling her eyes disapprovingly. "Now, are you ready for the interviews?" The elevator doors opened and Effie beamed winningly at the various people milling about. Haymitch was immediately pounced on by one of the other victor's commiserating his loss, meaning that he didn't catch Effie's eyes momentarily well up, or see her lips purse together or see her rub her bruised jaw and then panic that she might have smudged her make-up. So when he caught up with her, all he saw was her checking her reflection in a mirror. Vain bitch. He hated the capitol and everyone in it. hope you enjoyed it. This is my first Hunger Games and first Hayffie story :) I'm very new to the games I'm afraid, only reading the books a month ago! (I know, I know. New fans are like flea-ridden rodents to the old, hard-core fans :P) Let me know about any mistakes as I haven't fully tweaked it and only proof read it once (I prefer to do it about five times!) but I am going to university tomorrow and wanted this posted before I leave... or it'll never go up before christmas! (i'm also terrified about leaving home tomorrow and this is my way of cheering myself up :P) I enjoyed the idea- which I had a dream of, almost in a movie montage format, the other night- and I can only hope I've managed to convey the emotions I evoked. If not, let me know and I'll have another go XD