sure Stenson's safe." Johanna runs to that wing of the hospital, flashes her badge, and entered to see Stenson's current state. "Oh, god, Kat he's dead! I need this place locked down immediately!" She shouts at the guard. Katniss swerves around a corner at the entrance of the hospital. She jumps out the car, running to automatic doors. Then she sees him. He is behind the wheel of a black SUV, their eyes widen at the same time and she darts back to her car. She is already chasing him when she calls over her radio, "This is Everdeen, Agent ID 52776-in pursuit of black SUV, license number 5AD672B- heading south on Fenway, need immediate assist-"He quickly pulls on the freeway, trying his best to escape. She catches up to him and they begin to ride parallel. Gale swerves into Katniss, trying to run her off the road, but he himself drives right into some crash drums. Her eyes trail up to her rearview mirror, seeing the wreckage. She jumps out of the car, and runs like hell toward Gale's limp gasping body. She, despite learning of his betrayal, holds him and cries. Then he says his final words, "Ask yourself… why… Abernathy sent you… to the storage facility… why you ?" She looks at him befuddled. What did he mean by these words, did he expect her to believe him, or trust him? "Gale… tell me… who are you working for?" He coughs up more blood but manages a half smile before closing his eyes. "No! No, you tell me, Hawthorne!" His chest stops rising, however slightly it was before and he dies. She's left sitting there, holding him and wondered… like his last words implied… why she was stuck in the middle of this mess. Katniss sit in the passenger seat of Johanna's standard issued car, eyes red and puffy, dried blood stains on her shirt. "I want to go to the lab…" She sighs. "Kat, I promised I'd take you directly to the hospital." 'I don't want to go there," she whispers, pulling her legs onto the seat and hugging them. "You need to get checked out-" "I'm fine." She sighs and turns her head toward the window. And then she starts sobbing. "I- I'm fine, look at me!" Johanna looks at her and knows she can't say no. She drives to Harvard, and Katniss stops crying but she can still see the paths all across her cheeks, glistening. When they park, she looks across the lot at Peeta and Walter, packing their things into another black government issued car. She moves toward them a shell of herself after everything she had just experienced, but she tries to appear normal in this moment. Strong. Better than okay. She jogs up to where Peeta stand and starts talking to get his attention, "So, uh…I was thinking. About everything. About what we did. And what we're going to do next." He turns to her and gapes at her disheveled appearance, " And I thought…given everything…that maybe not sticking together…maybe that's being a little selfish." "What are you saying?" He asks trying to appear impassive to her obviously distressed state. "I'm saying, even though the world, scary as it can be, is hell and I don't like it. If we can make a change, don't you think we should?" Walter speak up from behind him, "Yes." "No." Peeta ignores his father, "I'm in." Walter persists. "No you're not, because I'm not." Then he turns to Katniss, "I can't, you know I can't." "You're the only one who speaks Walter. What if- please - what if…we take care of it? What you…what you owe." Katniss is desperate and he can see that. He stares at her- a mix of suspicion and concern… "..What happened?" "I… just think it's the right thing to do." She starts to cry again. That's it; he knows he can't tell her no, now . He holds her, like her did before and even if he doesn't know why he's doing it, he comforts her. "Of course, I will. I'll stay." He says. She very quietly whispers her thanks and relaxes in his arms around her. Suddenly, equipment is being moved back in. Walter could not be happier as he prances around his 'Golden Rectangle'. Rue helps unpack with Peeta. As he pulls out, yet another intimidating looking device he mutters, "I don't even want to know what this does." He fakes a shiver and Rue laughs at him. "No you don't…" Walter remarks. Peeta sees right through him. "You don't even remember what this does, do you?" He asks incredulously. "No I do not." Peeta smiles at his father's antics. The Walter sees something come through the door, "Gene!" He smiles. "Come this way, over here!" He jumps in glee. Katniss stands in the corner of the lab, across from Abernathy, "I'm sorry about how it happened but I'm glad you changed your mind." He states. She nods, but looks down sadly, "There's a lot we'll need on Monday. The doctors have a list of equipment- and of course they'll need a place to stay-" "We have it all covered. But, it can't wait until Monday. I have something I need to show you now." He hands her a file. "Mellark!" She calls. Both Walter and Peeta turn around obediently. "We've got a briefing," She smirks. They all shuffle into a side office in the lab. Walter and Peeta enter first but she holds back Haymitch, "Oh, and there's also the issue of the slight gambling debt…" "No problem." "By slight I mean massive ." "Solve this one, and it's done." She smiles and heads in. Massive Dynamic Hallway Alma Coin meets up with her assistant who is wheeling a body to the morgue. Her hand reaches out and she pulls back the sheet. There lies Gale's bloody corpse. "How long has he been dead?" "5 hours." "Question him, then." She says and then saunters off.