going to be fine" I plead loudly, speaking over her as she tries to say something. I hear June as well, a little bit away, struggling to keep it together. They were so strong. I wish I had warned them, but I hadn't wanted them to worry. I didn't actually consider it happening. Both were mistakes. The crowd parts again and Austin and Quinn appear. She leans down and slides her arms around Ella, steering her away as she shouts. Austin whispers to her, but his gaze is locked on me. By this time I am too far away to see what is in his eyes. I am forced up the stairs and onto the stage. Traditionally the female tribute stays to see her District partner, but seeing the potential ruckus Verta waves me on into the Justice Building, beaming. "And now," she calls her voice behind me as I hurry toward the building, "for the male-" She is cut off as the door slams. The sound echoes in the sudden silence, and I feel a wave of a feeling that I can't quite pinpoint...something in between terror, dread, and oddly relief. At least it was me and not them. The peacekeepers keep me moving, until I come to a small room with blank metal walls and a small couch. I gaze at it until one shoves me forward onto it. "Wait here," they command, and turn back to the open door. They are about to stalk through when Austin tumbles in. My blood runs cold, but his next words dismiss my inference that he had been chosen. "How many times was your name in the Reaping?" He demands loudly, walking over and leaning close to me. I bite my lip and avoid his gaze, "how many times, Ivory?" He grabs my shoulders and shakes them roughly. I look up at him, then close my eyes. "Fifty six," I shrug, and his deep eyes flash with shock. White gloved hands pull him back, veering toward the door, but he fights to get to me. "I could have helped!" He shouts, and something wet glistens on his cheek. I stare. "I could have shared the tesserae! You wouldn't be-" He is successfully pulled through the door, and I hear a rough slamming noise and a short muffled gasp. My heart leaps and I pray he hasn't been injured. Or worse. His unfinished words linger in my mind as I gaze unblinkingly and distant at the floor. I wait for what I know is coming. I would release myself, would break down and sob pathetically, but there are cameras for sure nestled in these walls. I will not show weakness. They want a reaction. Instead I turn my cold eyes to the ceiling and let my face fall blank. I am a shell. I am seemingly unbreakable, yet already broken. Until visitors are permitted. As the door opens and I see the dirt streaked crumpled faces of my neighbors I lose all resolve and rush to meet them. It is not like Austin, who understands. Ella and June and Beth and even Cyan can only comprehend the fact that I am leaving. And I, though I may try, don't expect I shall return. I hold Ella's small, thin frame in my arms, ruffling her silky blonde hair and wiping away her tears with my coarse thumb. "Hey," I manage to grin. "You're okay. You're my little trooper." She nods numbly, and I rest my chin on her head for a moment, then turn away to June and Beth, who have wet eyes but dry cheeks. I hug them both, though June is almost my height and I have to lean up a little to reach her. I stroke Beth's dark fingers and ruffle her hair. She laughs, but the sound is flat and heavy. June looks practically dead. Her skin is pale, her eyes dim. I lock my gaze on her and send her a silent message through my expression. "Everything is going to be fine." Except it's not. Not for me. I approach Cyan, and hold out a hand. She takes it, trying not to grip too tightly or show signs of distress. "Take care Legend." "You too Rithing." I grin. "Work on your aim. You do want to catch food right? Not scare it away?" We look at each other for a moment, silent. Then, she wraps her arms around me and buries her head in my shoulder. I curl my hands around her black hair, surprised and choked by this sudden un-Cyan like affection. She backs away from me, looking ruffled and distressed. I fail at returning a smile. Quinn steps up next and we fall into a perfectly fit hug, her face serious and solemn, but masking any heavy sadness or fear. "It's only for a little while," she murmurs, holding my cold hands in hers, "and then you'll be back and everything will be the same as always." I stare at her, my eye tracing over her weary face, following the creased lines and crinkled eyes, the stiffness of her bones, the thin line that represents her chapped lips pressed together, her few freckles dark against her whitened face... And yet hope lingers in her eyes, desperate, pleading, hungry hope. I look around at the faces of my comrades. I look down at my weathered hands. Could they ever possibly tighten around the neck of a human being? A living, breathing soul, a beating heart, most likely with a family back home? For the people standing around me, they would. I think. "Yeah." I smile, hoping the lie doesn't linger obviously as the words slip from off my tongue. "I'll be back soon." The peacekeepers suddenly return in the doorway, hustling through and pulling my loved ones back. "Survive!" I shout to them before the doors shut tightly and I am left with only the company of my echoing word. Thanks for reading! Reviews are appreciated! -Caxis