than I let myself believe. Just as I'm about to say something, she pivoted on her foot and sprinted towards the Victors Village. I think about going after her, and I want to, God do I want to. But it would only make her run faster. To be honest, I am disappointed she didn't jump into my arms, but what did I expect? Her to take me back head on? The last time I saw her I hated her, and had tried to kill her countless times. But that was when I was a monster. All I had wanted was for the Games and the Capitol to not change me, I tried so hard to stay myself, but I failed. Snow was playing chess, I was his king, and Katniss was the rebel's queen. I was a piece in their Games. And I'm sure Katniss hates me now, or at least is scared of me. I pick up my bag and walk the way Katniss ran. This was the first time I had seen the true destruction of the war from the district's point of view. Fifty percent of the buildings around the square are ash and the others are covered in it. I know what's to my left, and refuse to look. Because if I do, I just might crack. I might run towards her house and try with my whole body to kill her, while my mind screams and cries no. The sight of the bakery burned to nothing, probably with my family still inside is, at the moment, unbearable. I continue and surprisingly don't feel the prying, judging eyes burning holes in my back. These people know me, the real me and I silently thank them all for not making me feel like the monster I am. As I walked, I bumped into someone. "Jesus, boy, haven't been around here in forever and this is how you say hello?" I looked down and smiled. "Sae, it's great to see you." I bent and gave her a hug. " You too, boy, you too. Where have you been?" Reluctantly, I answered, "Oh, I've been in and out of the Capital, District Seven and District Four." "Well I'm glad you're back," Sae said as she began to walk away, but she stopped, turned to me and spoke, " You should stop by Katniss's soon for dinner. I'll be there every night for a while making her dinner, and she barely eats, so there's always extra food." The look in her eyes as she said this convinced me that she knew she hit a nerve. And like Sae always is, she's right. She barely eats. My heart shattered. After all this time Katniss is still broken. God Katniss, why can't you take care of yourself? I know why, and I die a little every time I think about it. "I'll make sure I do, bye Sae." She smiled at me and walked away. I knew I still cared about Katniss, but wasn't sure to what extent. Do I love Katniss Everdeen? I know the answer, it is as if it is flashing in my head as bright as a Capitol sign. I do, so much. I love her so much it hurts and if she'll have me, I will try my hardest to have her back in my life. By the time I reach my house the sun is almost down. I look at the sky and smile. Sunset orange. I walk in and set my bag of paints the Capitol gave me on the ground. I had no actual clothes because I used the ones the Capitol gave me. I looked at the dark, dank house. There's a layer of dust over everything, but other than that the house is untouched. I flipped the switch to the lights and sighed. This lonely house is where I sulked after the first Games when I Katniss told me she didn't really love me. It's also where I was hit with a bombshell when I knew Katniss had to go back into the arena. There are so many terrible memories here, but this the only place I have for now. I walk into the kitchen and look to see what I have in the cabinets. There is almost nothing that isn't old and moldy, but a settle on some chicken broth. I couldn't stomach much anyways. I don't think much as I eat, but as I walk over to the sink see smoke rising out of Katniss's chimney. Just as I think this, there's a knock on my door. I wiped my hands and walked there. And what I see shocks me. She just stared at me. Her hairs in a wet braid. But she still just stared. Her voice is low and scratchy but it startled me just the same "Peeta, I just have one question." "Anything," She stuttered, as if she hadn't decided something, and turned in her heel and ran back to her house. "Katniss, wait!" I yelled as I followed her down the stairs but stopped at the bottom, looking at her back. She stopped at her door turned and yelled, "Do you still love me?" I smiled and replied, "I do, so much." I saw what I thought was a smile in her eyes, but it didn't reach her face and she disappeared behind her door. The last thing I saw of her was her thick, brown hair flying. _Alright alright alright this is my first fanfiction soooo not sure how it will be. I am a busy girl so if this doesn't get a lot of comments or reviews I will mark writing down for not one of my talents and stop writing this. I for one would love for this to continue because I love Katniss and Peeta. But like I said no comments, no more story. If you do like it though, share it and maybe, just maybe I'll continue. So vote it up!