bare feet and his pajamas, leaving footprints in the fresh snow. Peeta fumbled with the doorknob and hastily made his way to her room, throwing open the door and taking her in his arms as she cried. "It's okay, Katniss. It's just a dream. Not real, not real ," he muttered gently into her hair as her screaming turned into sobbing and eventually became monotonous muttering. He continued to hold her and to soothe her until she turned in his arms and buried her face into his chest, her tears soaking his t-shirt immediately. "She's dead , Peeta. Prim's dead, and it's all my fault. I was supposed to protect her, but I failed. I failed her, Peeta... she never deserved to die," she moaned into his chest. "No, you didn't fail her, Katniss. You have never failed anyone. You did what you could, and I believe she is in a much better place now, where she will never get hurt ever again," he said softly as he took her face in his hands and looked intensely into her glassy grey eyes, trying as hard as he could to convince her that it wasn't her fault. Katniss make no reply to that, just closed her eyes and snuggled deeper into him, wrapping her arms tighter around him. "Stay with me?" she pleaded timidly. "Always." o-~-~-~-~-o Since that night, it became a routine. The two would spend their nights wrapped in each other's arms to ward off the nightmares. They would go their separate ways in the morning, Peeta rising before the sun did to start baking while Katniss woke later and ate the breakfast Peeta had left for her before heading to the forest in her father's hunting jacket and carrying her trusty bow and arrows and her game bag. They would only reunite an hour before dinnertime, when Peeta would come to her house from planning the rebuilding of the Mellark bakery in town and Katniss would return from the woods with the day's game and the occasional bunch of berries. Peeta would prepare their dinner, set a portion to send to Haymitch, and eat dinner with her before delivering Haymitch's plate of food to their intoxicated mentor next door. The old drunk would accept their offering of food with a grunt and the occasional crass remark, but soon after he would close the door and return to his bottle of white liquor. Sometimes, though, Haymitch would come over (surprisingly sober) and eat dinner with them, ranting animatedly about his pesky geese (though, to be frank, he treated those birds like they were his children). This would often make Peeta chuckle and bring a smile to Katniss's lips. Once they have sent Haymitch on his way, however, and it was just the two of them, she would curl up on the sofa against his side as she watched him draw on his sketchbook by the light of the fire in the sitting room. When he feels her lean more heavily into his side, he would close his sketchbook and place it on the table with his things and wordlessly take her in his arms and carry her up to her room and lay her on the bed. He quickly changes into his sleepwear and joins her in her bed, pulling her to him and sighing as she burrows deeper into his chest and tangles her legs in his. They sleep like this for weeks, months, even years. The nightmares do not come. But if they do, they have each other to comfort and to remind them of what is real. o-~-~-~-~-o Eventually his episodes don't come as frequently and as violently as they used to. He takes to gripping the back of a chair until his knuckles turn white and his eyes become a clear blue again. On the rare occasion that they do become violent, she takes him into her arms and holds onto him for dear life as he trembles beneath her form exactly how he holds her when she has her nightmares. They play the old game of "real or not real" until everything makes sense to him for the time-being. He was still in awe that she did not give up on him, that she was not afraid of him. And, she reassured him each night: She was not leaving him. Ever. And Katniss's depressive episodes started to ebb as well. Very rarely, Peeta would come home to find her still swaddled in her blankets or sitting in front of a mirror in only her undergarments and staring at her numerous scars. Whenever that happened, he would delicately hug her and press kisses on the scars on her face, her arms, until the fog from her eyes fades and she hugs him in return. Soon, he started to press kisses to her forehead, she to his cheek, and eventually she pressed one to his lips. o-~-~-~-~-o Then, one night, when he is on the verge of losing it, he asks her the question that has been circulating in his mind for the longest time. "You love me, real or not real?" Katniss considers everything that has happened in the past year since he returned to District 12. He was the only person who was able to get through to her, the only reason why she kept on fighting the urge to stay in bed all day. He was her dandelion in the spring, her only hope and the ray of light in the inky black recesses of her tattered mind. And he was so gentle, always so gentle to her that she knew he would do everything in her power never to hurt her. Peeta was the only one she had left to love. The only person she wanted to love. He was the reason why she held on and kept on living, the one person who made her smile. She was alive. Without hesitation, she looks into his eyes and answers him firmly. "Real."