He rolled his eyes but kept quiet the ride down to the parking lot. When they exited he headed for their company issued black SUV. "Okay…" He continued, "but the file doesn't say who it is, which I find a tad strange." Johanna nodded along and Katniss continued keeping silent. "And also, the bomb was lost by Cartwright Enterprises. I just thought I'd mention because-" "How is this relevant?" Gale cut off again. This time Katniss spoke up, "Gale. Stop." "Because," he continued, "we have another case involving them in Canada." He flipped through the rest of the file quickly but one thing caught his eye. "Darius and… Delilah. Weird." His eyes widened even more at the photo of Darius they were provided with. "What is?" Jo asks, genuinely interested. "Abernathy's assistant looks a whole lot like this guy. And her name is Delly." He thinks a while and crosses to the driver's side of the car, opening the door. "Whoa, whoa, whoa Mellark… What are you doing?" He really hoped that Gale wasn't like this the entire mission. "Getting in the car…" he stated, matter of factly. "What?" "I'm driving." "Okay. That's fine by me." Ugh, this never ending goodness was getting on his own nerves. As he got in the back he heard Jo snicker, "See, Peeta here doesn't find it emasculating to sit in the back with dear old Johanna." she quipped at Gale, swinging an arm around her friend's shoulders. Hawthorne huffed and drove away. Peeta payed no mind to his peers as he read and reread the file. Halfway to the airport, Katniss told Gale to pull over and jump out of the car, throwing up on the side out the road. He knew she could get car sick but it'd never been this bad. And she'd seemed fine all day. Health wise at least. He shrugged it off and a couple minutes later she came back in, after popping a couple of Zofran into her mouth. She met his concerned eyes only briefly before looking down and getting in her seat. "Brainless? You alright?" Came Jo's worried question. She nodded and mumbled something about 'fucking car sickness'. Well he got one thing with her right. Gale's gaze softened from the moment Katniss told him to pull over. He asked, "Do you need to skip out on this one?" She glared at him and burst, "No Gale! I don't need to! And please stop giving Peeta hell for our break up! It's none of your business! And I broke up with him, not the other way around so stop acting like he's the bad guy! I fucking broke his heart so stop it!" Everyone in the car's eyes were wide as saucers. She calmed down after that and Gale's mouth didn't open until they got to the private airport. Even then she refused to look at anyone and just stomped out of the car. Jo waited until Katniss was out of earshot before turning on the two men beside her, "What the hell was that?" she demanded. "I wouldn't know. I haven't even gotten to speak a word to her in over a month." He told her, saying like anything else but really, he was hurt about the fact. Gale just shrugged. He seemed very shaken about Everdeen's outburst. Then he opened his mouth, "All I know is that she was fine on Friday but after her doctor's appointment on Saturday, something flipped and she's been going off like a bomb lately. I don't know what's wrong. I wish I could help her." he sighed. This was one good thing about Hawthorne, Peeta knew Gale would always a good friend to her, no matter the circumstances. But the mention of appointments only brought up a much more difficult time in his life. He'd remember that conversation for the rest of his life, he'd presumed. After running the words through his mind over, and over, he'd committed them to memory. " Peeta-" she had just come home from the doctors, what was supposed to be a routine check up, "I need to speak with you." Throughout the years, he'd never seen her so vulnerable. He could feel his heart pounding in his chest from nerves. "So the doctors told me something today and…" It was clear she'd thought out how to tell him what she was about to say, "I just need to tell you why I'm leaving." the way she'd said that was the worst part. Her voice so filled with remorse. "They told me that I can't have kids." His heart skipped a beat. "They said it would take a miracle to get me pregnant." Tears pooled on her waterline, on the verge of falling. "I know we've never really talked about it," She sat beside him on their couch, head in her hands. "but, I know how much you want to be father. I know you'll be great at it." She sighed, her breath shaking. "And… you can't have that with me. I would be holding you back." He grabbed her in his arms, opting to stay silent. "I can't do that to you. It wouldn't be fair." Her cheeks were damp, as if she had been crying but in that moment, she refused to let a single tear slip though. "I want you to be able to have that with someone else. I want you to love someone else." His heart broke then, because he knew without a doubt, he could never change her mind. She was Katniss Everdeen. Stubborn. Motivated. So, without protest from him, she stood up and gave him one last kiss. It was short and sweet and chaste. Her fingers ran through his hair and she pulled on the strands, grounding him to the moment. When they separated moments later, she looked into his eyes and told him one last time, "I love you. I always will." Now, a year later, he didn't think those words were true.