suddenly caught her eye, I suppose. My aunt and uncle seem to sense the tension. "I guess we'll leave you too alone now. Good luck Maura, I'll be calling your mother to-" She chokes up, and finally leaves the room without finishing her sentence. My uncle follows her out, Rose under one arm. That leaves me and Ami. The silence is long and awkward, but eventually Ami breaks it. "I should have volunteered." I just stare. "I'm sorry, what?" "I understand the games. I've been watching them every year for eighteen years! I would be much more prepared for this than you." "No, Ami. Never say that! Do you understand? I would never allow you to be in that kind of danger. You need to be strong for Aunt Kaitlyn and Uncle Brian and Rose. Please, whatever you see on that damned TV screen, don't EVER lose faith. Do you hear me?" I don't realize how much my voice has risen until that very last question. Ami finally looks up at me, her eyes glistening. "Maur-" she chokes. And then, before I can even say anything, she's practically on top of me with her arms around me with her face buried in my blouse and soaking me with her tears. "Ami. Ami, it's okay. I WILL come back to you guys. Alright. I'm not going anywhere." She lifts her head and looks into my eyes, her face half-crumpled in pain. I feel my own eyes tearing up, and struggle to force the emotion back in. "Promise me." she says, her broken voice barely above a whisper. I almost don't notice the heart-shaped pendant she slips into my hand. I know she wants me to keep it, and so I will. I stare into her eyes for a moment before nodding my head, allowing a single tear to fall down my face. "I swear, Ami." Clos Gold POV I sit in the tribute room, admiring the luxury surrounding me. It's not much, but that only makes me more excited for what is to come in the Capitol. I can't believe I'm actually here. This room has been one part of my many Hunger Games-related fantasies ever since I learned what the Games even were. And now, it's finally all coming true. My first visitors are my parents. Oh, god. "Congratulations, Clos. You're finally fulfilling your life's true purpose." My father says smugly. God, I hate him. "I figured I'd give you a token of good luck, so…here." He says, placing a small leather bracelet in my hand. "What's this?" I ask, my curiosity getting the best of me. "It was my token during my games. Your mother didn't have a token in hers, so I thought I'd give you mine. Good luck, and all that." Wow. Maybe he does sort of care. Actually, no. All he cares about is the family legacy. Just like I should. "Thanks, Dad." I force myself to say, "Don't worry about the legacy, I'll do the Golds justice." He grunts unintelligibly in response. My mother stares at me coldly. "Put you training to good use, Clos." "I will." I'm too drained to argue, or say anything else. I just want to leave this room and get on my way to the Capitol, where I truly belong. My parents leave the room without any sort of good-bye. I know their way of thinking by now. They're so confident in me winning that they don't feel the need to. And on the near-impossible chance that I don't, well, I wasn't worth a good-bye anyways. Oh,well. Doesn't matter, cause It's obvious I'll come home. My next visitor is Platinum. She waltzes into the room with all her grace and beauty, her auburn hair pulled out of its pony tail and falling to her mid-back, teal eyes just glowing with happiness. The only person who has ever had enough sense to appreciate me. "I am so happy for you, Clos! I knew you could do it! Now you can finally live your dream" She beams at me, and I can't help but smile back. I love her so much. "I'll be back soon, baby, don't you worry." I say, wrapping my arms around her. She leans into my embrace and kisses me. "Why would I be worried? Of course you'll come back. You'll be the best one in there. You're absolutely amazing and there's no way you won't win. I'll just miss you so much…" I lift her chin up so her eyes meet mine. "I'll be back before you know it." "Please hurry," she says with a cute little grin. "Of course" And then we kiss passionately until a peacekeeper – thankfully not one of Platinum's parents – comes in to tear us apart. It's time to do what I was born to do, and win the Hunger Games. A/N God, I am so nervous to hear what you guys have to say! Anyways, I just want to clear up some things. You guys will have a lot of say as to what goes on in the story. I will take all review requests (or PM whatever) into consideration. There is no sponsor system, and as long as you don't ask me to kill another tribute (apart from your own of course) I will see what I can do. BUT. If you absolutely want to see something happen with someone else's character, I will just ask the person who submitted the character if its okay and were GOOD to go J So, um, yeah. I think that's pretty much it. Oh, wait; Note: I am not in any way homophobic. I was just trying to portray Clos' cocky and superior nature when he mocks Ami and Maura. Also, I'm sorry if the good-byes were too sappy; it's a problem of mine haha. Reviews are love! Please let me know what you guys thought, it motivates and helps me a lot! Hopefully I'll have the D2 reapings up fairly soon.