there. Then she guided her lips to my ear. "You love me because I'm real to you," she murmured then. I was all inside of her now, to the hilt, but we were not moving yet. My hands had caressed her hair and back, but now they were pinning her hips on me, keeping us pressed together. I could feel our heartbeats there where our skins melted with each other's. "You are ," I replied. " Very real," I added kissing her neck. Katniss raised her head and met my eyes. Love and desire is what she saw in them. "You're real to me too, Peeta," she said frankly, without reservation. "Your love is." "Good, because I don't want you to forget it. Never," I told her with all that I felt for her showing on my face and my body. We chose that moment to start moving, Katniss taking control of the whole motion very soon. She rode me slowly on her knees at first, then harder, enjoying me as she had said she was going to do. Katniss could be wild, although she not always showed me that side of her sexuality. Some days I had to work very hard to see a glimpse of it. Others she showed me freely. Today was not one of those days, I could tell. But it didn't matter. Today I was just happy to see her get pleasure from me. I marvelled at how her breasts danced, at how her hips rocked, at how her hands and lips touched me. The sounds coming out of her mouth aroused me in unimaginable ways, and her looks and expressions drove me crazy. At this rhythm I wasn't going to last long and she knew it. "Hold on, Peeta," she ordered me after some time knowing I was at my limit. And so, unable not to please her, I endured her pleasurable torture. Time later she laid on top of me exhausted and satisfied. When I was able, after recovering some of my breathing, I hugged her with my arms and legs. Not even two minutes had passed when we heard the doorbell. We didn't say anything, lost as we were in the sedative sensations sex had left behind. I for one was wishing the person would go away and come later. For one free evening I had with my woman... I didn't have that luck. The doorbell rang a second time. "Should we get that?" said Katniss lazily with her head lying in the hollow between my neck and shoulder. The fingers of one of her hands were making abstract drawings on my chest. "I would rather see if the person gets tired and leaves." "Okay," she agreed, sighing contented. Then suddenly, instead of listening the doorbell, we heard the door being banged several times with an angry fist. We knew who would do something like that, and if we had any doubt, he made himself be heard. "Hey girl, open the damn door! I know you're in there, I saw you enter the house before!" said an annoyed and deep voice. "Well, at least now we know who it is," I said not very enthusiastically. "I wonder what he wants now," Katniss said irritated starting to get off of me. "He always comes at the most inopportune times." "Don't worry, I'll get him," I said getting up. I went for the bathrobe to put it on. "You stay here and wait for me." "Alright. But don't let him keep you for too long." She knew how Haymitch could be a pain sometimes. "I know," I assured her when I got on to the bed on one knee to kiss her one more time. The banging on the door reached us again. "Don't get dressed," I told her before going down the stairs barefoot. I went straight for the main door and opened it in the middle of a third round of knockings. "Hello Haymitch." My greeting wasn't very joyful. He looked surprised to see me there. "What the hell are you doing here?" I could tell he was half drunk by the smell coming out of his mouth. The bottle he was holding in one hand and his wrinkled clothes were other evidence of his state. "Last time I checked this was my house. Do you need something?" I said quickly. I really wanted to go back with my girl. "Is she home?" He asked frowning, noticing my messy hair and scarced attire. "Yes, but she's no-" I tried to explain, but I was interrupted. "Peeta, tell him to come later!" Katniss' feminine voice urged from upstairs. No more explanations were needed. "Well, you heard her. We're busy." Haymitch finally got a hold of what was happening, which made him curse some words. "You two still go at it like rabbits?" he spat before taking a drink from the bottle. "We already went through that phase, but we like to remember it from time to time," I joked, although it wasn't far from the truth. Haymitch made a move with his free hand, as if he wanted me to get lost. "I can tell," he said before turning and leaving, not even saying good-bye. I stood there watching him go back to his house, just in case he fell or something. Nothing happened, except for his shout of "I'll come back tomorrow!" when he was in the middle of the street. I closed the door relieved that I could return with the woman of my dreams. I heard her calling my name and that made me go upstairs faster. I suppose leaving Bruce running the bakery was a good idea. Now I had the rest of the evening to keep reminding Katniss why I loved her so much. A/N: This is a crappy one-shot I wrote years ago. The idea was to show moments of Peeta's and Katniss' life together after the third book, Mockingjay. I may resume it in the future.