array of things. Knives,spear heads,rolls,an empty water container,and a speil. A speil is something that if you stick it in an oak tree water runs out. I pack up all the of the things and sling the bag over my shoulder. I'm not aloud any breakfast. I can't even see Gale. Two peacekeepers appear and escort me away. They're dressed in white uniforms and matching helmets. All of us tributes are taken into a hovercraft. I'm sat next to Gale and facing Rue. A lady comes and inserts a tracker into my skin. We are all dropped into different parts of the same tunnel. A gong sounds. The games begin. Chapter 5 My first thought,is to get out! This reminds me too much of the mines at home. The problem is that I'm frozen. In a second someone is tugging at my arm. It's Rue! "Come on Katniss!" She says in a worried voice. "I know a way out!" I just follow her. We get out and head for the forest. There is a hollowed out tree. We use a log to hollow it out even more. We then collect dry leaves and long leaves. I stuff the tree with normal leaves. Rue has weaved a mat to put over the normal leaves. "You know,"I say whilst we are sitting in our tree. "If you weave a basket, I can fill it up with water from my speil." So we do just that. These woods have so many oaks,that if we stay here,we will have a steady supply of water. This part of the woods looks so much like the woods at home. It's just a lot thicker. As night falls,the sounds of the night come out. We see a para shoot coming down. It is silver with the capitals symbol on it. A letter is attached. Rue reads it out. "Katniss and Rue,there have been many deaths today. Conilues from district eight died and Musila, also from eight. There has also been Sunia from district four. Also Drolusious from district seven. Rue's voice is usually so soft,but it broke up when she read the note. "Did you know him well,Rue?" I ask in the most soothing voice possible. All Rue manages to do is nod. I take the first watch whilst Rue sleeps The night is so dark. Almost too dark. All of the birds have settled down for the night. The wind is strong but our tree is still snug. I'm woken by the crisp crunching of leaves and the snapping of twigs. Rue had taken the second watch. We both crouch down,I take out a couple of knives."Katniss Everdeen," a voice calls."Are you there?" It's the girl from district one. We just sit like this until she goes away. I tell Rue to go back to sleep for a while. Chapter6 It's now the forth week in the arena. Now it;s only me,Rue Gale and a boy from district six left. I just hope someone gets to Gale before I do. Something is wrong,clouds of smoke are drifting through the air. This is coming too rapidly. Now I can see flames. "Wild fire! Rue wake up!" Now flames have come between us."I'll meet you at the cliffs,Katniss" I go one way and Rue the other. Night is nearly here,I'm going to have to settle down at the caves for the night. The wind is so strong I can barely see against it. I can,however,see the letter coming down from the sky. I know it's only going to be addressed to me. This is what it says: Dear Katniss Everdeen, Only Rue from district seven died today. Well I wasn't expecting that. Rue was such a bright girl. I just sit down and munch on some turkey and Katniss roots. I must have fallen asleep,because I wake up and a para- shoot is beside me. It informs me of the death of the boy from district six. A couple of hours go by before I come out of the cave. The sun is shining bright. I'm in a desert. It looks a lot like a desert on a book I read. Just then a voice booms out. It's President Snow! "Katniss Everdeen and Gale Horthworth. Congratulations! You two are the winners of the 74th Hunger Games!" Gale and I are taken into a hovercraft. We don't talk. We are just as puzzled as each other. I can't quite understand how both of us can be winners. Most importunately,why? We are taken back to the training centre. I am taken into one room and Gale the other. I clean up and brush my teeth. I'm then given clean clothes. I put on some black trousers and a matching top. I attach my pin to the top and slip on some boots. I'm escorted down to the dinner hall. Chapter Seven Elfie runs up to meet me. I give her a big hug. I have grown very fond of Elfie. She's not as annoying as I thought she was. Haymich just gives an approving nod and a smile. The ceiling looks different,lower even. But I take my mind off of that. Gale comes in and also gives Elfie a hug. Elfie is wearing such dull clothes for her style. All greys! Haymich and Gale shake hands. Then Gale turns to me. We then hug for a little while. After all that hugging it's time for dinner. When I take a bite into a kilted sausage,it tastes like heaven in my mouth. "Floot," says Gale. Haymich and Elfie look confused. I explain it's one of the many code words Gale and I use. It means that we are thinking the same thing. It's two days go by before we get home. Prim gives me a big hug, and my mother too. Our hose in Victors Village is colossal! Haymich has house number one,like he always has. Gale and his family have house number two. Mother,Prim and me have house number three.