him to just hold me as I cry for him. "How are you alright with this?" I ask, almost accusingly. There was a pause before Peeta replied. "I've made my peace with it, Katniss." He tells me. "A long time ago." "But.." I break off. I take a breath and try again. "But I don't want to live without you." I finish, pushing away so that I can look into his clear blue eyes once more. I'm not one to say mushy things, really. But I honestly don't. Want to live without him, that is. Peeta is the better half of me, has always been. He has been the light to my darkness- the growth after my fire. The hope after my storms. I can't imagine that being taken from me. "I'm not leaving you by choice." Peeta says, and I don't interrupt. Because this is the first time I've seen him leak anything about how he is truly feeling. Suddenly I see fear in his eyes as he talks, and sadness, and regret. "I wanted to be there for you always. And for Willow...and Rye. I'm..." He says to me, but I stop him. "Don't appologize." I whisper, my tears rolling off my cheeks and falling onto his face. I wipe them away with my fingers. Then I kiss him. He kisses back gently, though weakly. I pull away and lean into his chest. The sun begins to set. And I swear- it is the most beautiful sunset I've ever seen in my life. Radient golds and flaming reds flow in the sky in masterful workmanship. But the most prominent color is a soft orange- a sweet, sunset orange that is the main color in the scheme. "I wish I could just pause this moment- and live in it forever." I whisper without really thinking. "Okay." Peeta whispers back to me. I lift my head from his chest to look at him, a bittersweet smile on my lips. "You'll allow it?" I ask, playing along. He nods gently. "I'll allow it." I kiss him once more. "I'm afraid, Katniss." He whispers to me when I pull away. I look down into his fearful blue eyes- normally so confident and strong. "I love you." I tell him, stroking his hair with one hand, holding his fingers with my other. His eyes, once focused on me, drift a little to the side- focusing on something behind me. Then the light leaves them. I don't feel the rise and fall of his chest. I don't feel his heartbeat when I put my hand to where I should. "Peeta!" I scream. Even though I knew it was coming- it is no less devastating. I cradle his head on my lap and cry into his blonde hair. The boy with the bread is gone. It is the day after Peeta left. It feels like all that my nightmares were and worse. I have a hole in my heart where his love once used to fill. I am missing half of myself- the better, truer half of myself. I guess it died with him. Gale is true to his word, and he comes to check on me and see how I'm doing. I haven't talked to him in years- so it feels strange, seeing him in the living room of the house that Peeta and I had built a life together in. I think he will want to open up some sort of discussion- which I know I can't do- but he doesn't. Instead, he reaches his arms out and wraps me in them. "I'm so sorry, catnip." He murmurs consolingly. I am thankful for Gale's friendship then. I'm thankful he doesn't ask me to forgive him. A couple tears stream numbly down my cheeks. I think I've cried more in these past two months than I have in my whole life. I know I need to tell the children. I need to tell Willow, I need to tell Rye- that their father is gone, and he won't be coming back. They will be getting back from school any minute now, so I prepare a little before hand. I cut some slices of bread for the dinner we will have tonight. I set the table. I keep busy- trying to figure out what I will say. I move my leather bag from the dining room to relocate it somewhere else- when a note falls out. My eyes narrow at the brown envelope before I cautiously pick it up. It is addressed to me. I drop everything else and I open the letter quickly- lifting out the letter inside. It must be one of Peeta's love notes he left for me. I wonder briefly why I never checked the bag before I unfold the paper and read to myself. I smile then. When Willow and Rye come home, I sit them down. "Willow, Rye, I have a story to tell you." I say. "About a boy who loved a girl- when she didn't deserve it." Then I go into our story, Peeta's and mine. I tell my children about our adventures. I leave out most of the games- but I tell in full the story of their father. How brave he was. How strong he was. How much he loved them, and how much he loved me. I'm crying halfway through, every detail relived as I tell my children the story. They miss him. I miss him, too. I keep half-expecting Peeta to walk through the front door- but he never does. He is gone. And I know I need to accept it. I read to them, and to myself, his last note. I read it on the bad days. The days that I feel like I can't continue- the days that I feel so overwhelmed with grief, I can't think properly. The note reads: Smile for me. -Peeta a/n Like it? Hate it? Have constructive advice? Leave a review behind for me! Thanks for reading!