even Don looks a little misty eyed. Janna pushes the loss out of her mind. One less person to worry about, and at least Janna didn't have to kill her. She'll take small favors where she can get them. The temperature plummets. They sleep close. It feels weird having Eleven so close to her, but Janna pushes the feeling down. They have the means, but they don't dare light a fire. There's no telling what could follow the light. When it's down to eight, Janna and Don part ways with Eleven. "We had a good run together," he says, and "I wish I could've met you somewhere else." They split supplies evenly and walk in separate directions. Eight's face appears in the sky that night after Two's. Janna wonders if Eleven is the one that got her. She doesn't have to wonder about Two. Eleven never got over Three. Janna can understand. If anybody got to Don…. It's going to be her and Don at the end. It has to be. The cracks in the ground are moving. Janna almost falls in once when the ground opens up right in front of her. Don barely catches her in time. She can't avoid getting burned by the blast of steam, though: her arm. Fuck. They waste some of their water on it, and they wrap it up. There's not much else to do. Janna keeps up a litany of swears while Don works on it – she hates everything about it, the pain, the waste of water, the loss of a fighting arm. She hates everything about it, even the way her lost weight makes her stomach stick out more. Her mentors pull through for her. A burn cream comes riding down on a little parachute. She thinks of Katniss, who was so dynamic the game makers bent the rules for her, and she pulls herself together. The next day, Don falls through the floor of a building that can't hold his weight. The drop is barely even a foot. They stare at each other in disbelief, then Don giggles, and Janna smiles, and suddenly they're laughing hard , like it's just another day back in Twelve, like nothing's wrong and later they'll go back to Don's house and wrestle until his parents kick her out. And just that quickly Janna's sobbing like she hasn't in years, collapsing into Don's chest. She hasn't cried this hard since she was seven, when she decided she was going to be stronger than Katniss no matter what her father said or did, no matter how hard things were, no matter how much every bit of her ached. It feels good to cry, after everything. Don holds her tight, judgment free, and that's what makes it so easy. Don always has her back. They find Eleven half buried under a pile of rubble, somehow not dead. He gives them a weak smile. "I was hoping you'd show up." They don't ask him what happened; it doesn't matter. Janna slits his throat, holds his hand until his heart stops. It's good that it was them who found him, and not the sick fuck from One. Janna throws up, buries the evidence under a pile of leaves. When she comes back, Eleven's body is gone. "His name was Rye," Don says, staring at the place where the body used to be. "He didn't have any family." Janna grabs his arm, holds it maybe a little too tight. "Let's get out of here." Janna pins One to a tree. Both the tributes from Ten are gone – one the same day as Rye, the other…earlier. Sometime. It doesn't matter. One is pinned, and Don swings, misses, hits One's shoulder with a sickening crunch. Janna thinks of Rye, slowly dying under a pile of rubble, and does not flinch. Don swings again. This time his hit is solid. There's a big dent in One's head. Don stands, panting, with his club in one hand, blood, and gore and everything clinging to it. The cannon goes off. They smile at each other, breathless, and then the ground starts to move. Janna reaches for Don without a second's thought. For a single moment his hand is warm in hers, and she thinks "Yes." Then he's gone. Janna screams, but it's not from the steam that burns her hand and the side of her face, not from the tree that falls and almost takes her with it. Don is gone, dropped into a pit out of nowhere, and she screams. Katniss visits her Victor. Peeta has been here since she was first lifted out of the arena, sat by her in between surgeries and while she was hopped up on morphling, but Katniss…Katniss stayed away. She visits her now, already dressed for the ceremony that officially crowns Janna winner. Janna is curled in bed. Her prep team hasn't gotten to her yet; she's still in her pajamas, looking young and tired. Katniss sits down on the edge of the bed; Janna makes room for her without a word. For a long moment they don't say anything. Janna rolls onto her back. "I didn't lose it." "I'm sorry," Katniss says, and she is. She knows the odds of Janna's child being reaped in time. "It wasn't supposed to end like that," Janna says. Her voice is soft and broken. Katniss knows that by the time she has to speak in front of a camera again, Janna's voice will be strong and insolent and proud. But for now, Katniss can hear that Janna has been crying, that she wants to cry again. "We were supposed to have one last fight, one last chance to say goodbye." "I'm sorry," Katniss says. It sounds weak to her own ears. There's another long silence. "What are you going to do?" Janna looks Katniss in the eye, and finally some of her old attitude is coming back to her. "I'm going to raise this kid as a Career."