What can he possibly have done to make them punish him all over again? "His name's Darius," whispers Peeta Mellark, and even that sounds loud in the silence. I turn away and say nothing, not wanting to risk asking even one question because I know it will open the floodgates and one or both of us will end up saying something we shouldn't. A short time later, they bring in another red-headed Capitolian Avox, a young woman this time, and Mellark shakes his head. "She was Katniss' servant when she came to the Capitol, nothing more." "Is the Quell over?" I ask, suddenly unable to stop myself. "Shouldn't you be dead?" interrupts Johanna before I get an answer. "I would be if you'd done a better job with that axe. I wish I was," I reply, before turning back to Peeta, staring across at him and willing him to tell me. "Yes," he says, but once again, Johanna interrupts. "The bastards left us," she snarls. "They took their precious Mockingjay and left us to die." "Good," says Peeta. "I'm glad they got out while they could. Katniss is the one who matters." "Speak for yourself," retorts Johanna. "I'd have died for her, but being tortured in a Capitol dungeon? That's different. I didn't sign up for this." They carry on bickering, but I stop listening. The Quell's over and at least one person, Katniss Everdeen, has escaped the vicious clutches of President Snow. But how? Who got her out? Not Falco. I refuse to believe he had the ability to take someone from the arena and chose her over me. He wouldn't do that, not even for the sake of his beloved revolution. So who? Heavensbee? He was the leader of the Capitolian rebellion plot, but I don't see where he would have taken her to. None of the districts are out of reach of the president's forces and he can't possibly have kept her here in the Capitol. None of it makes sense. Unless what Narissa half told me all those years ago about District Thirteen is really true… But it can't be. It's impossible. Isn't it? The weeks that follow are some of the worst of my life. Every minute of every day is filled with dread and fear, with the death of Darius and the other Avox, with Johanna's screams as they torture her in the middle of the room where we can all see, and Peeta's anguished cries when his nightmares strike. They take him out once, and when he comes back, his hair is clean and he looks almost presentable. But his eyes are wild, tormented in a way I'd never imagined possible. After that, I find I can't look at him because it hurts too much. He doesn't say another sane or rational word. Many times I wake to my own screams as well. Prisca poured boiling sugared water onto my bare skin once, right over the scar left by Dahlia's knife, and though the pain has barely lessened since, the physical torture is nothing compared to the mental, for me at least. They show me images of Gloss' death constantly, and I know the injections the Peacekeepers give me contain tracker jacker venom because I've never known horrors that can compare to the images I see when I close my eyes. I mark the days by placing dots of my own blood on the wall in the corner of my cell, judging time by the appearance of new guards to replace the old. It isn't too hard because my finger nails are bitten so deep that they bleed almost constantly. I do it in my sleep, or when the venom takes hold. I can't stop myself. And the pain reminds me I'm alive so I'm not sure I want to. There was one time when I woke up facing the glass front of my cage and I was sure I saw Gloss, lying on the floor in the cell opposite. Then I blinked and the glass was totally opaque again, making me think I imagined the whole thing, that for once my mind was seeing what it wanted to. I remember that moment all the time, because the sight of my brother is the only pleasant thought I can summon, and even if it is in my imagination and I'm finally losing my mind, I don't care. I lie back down, and it's then that I hear his voice. "Don't give up," he says. "You're not allowed to give up on me, sister. I won't let you." I turn over again and he's sitting in the cell with me, watching me and smiling that genuine smile I often suspected only I saw. Only he's not there. He can't be. I know he can't be because he's dead. I'm hallucinating. I have to be. I blink and he's gone. I turn over and wipe my face. The back of my filthy hand is wet with tears. When I wake up he's there again, only this time he's telling me it's time to move. Before I have chance to sit up and tell myself he's not really there, I'm startled by a loud bang. The main door the Peacekeepers always come in and out by flies open, only the people who storm into the room aren't Capitolian. They're all wearing grey uniforms I've never seen the like of before. I stare at them even though their focus seems to be entirely on Peeta and I doubt they've even noticed I'm here. I wish for a quick death because I know it's the only escape I can hope for. Then the nearest soldier turns towards me. His fierce, dark-eyed gaze shows no mercy, but instead of feeling afraid, all I can think is that I'm sure I've seen him somewhere before. "That's not Enobaria Moreno," he growls, slapping the arm of his nearest companion to draw his attention to me. He's got a District Twelve accent.