Ashhallows to me and lead me up to the stage and I can hear my mother sobbing as I walk. "What is your name my dear." The escort asks me as I'm brought up on the stage. "Cassia Redwood." I say defiantly I vaguely hear gasps, but I ignore them listening for the boy's to be called. "Kai Mayberry." I hear and I almost fall to my knees. I was sitting motionless on a soft plush couch made for two, "What the hell is taking that god damned mentor of ours so long?!" I say irritated In the past few hours I've felt and said more than I have in close to two weeks. Next to me sat Kai, at least he didn't volunteer...god my sanity has officially left me. After waiting forever with a nervous twitching Kai. "Kai! Stop twitching! You're making me nervous." I tell him When our great and mighty mentor walked in my mouth dropped. He was young late twenties and he had short spiked jet black hair, fairly tanned skin, light muscles on his arms, and he was tall at least 6'0, then I looked into his eyes and they were a shining light blue. He wore black faded jeans with a black muscle shirt (he has a six pack; drool!) and then I looked down and saw he didn't have any shoes on…or socks? He's smoking hot something was bound to be off. I looked back into his magical blue eyes and he was looking right at me, SHIT! He flashed me his pearly whites in the form of a smirk that said 'I'm sexy and I know it' he sat across from us and slouched back putting his hands behind his head then rested his long feet on the coffee table that was separating us. When he finally spoke I almost melted away, his voice was deep and velvety. "So you're this year's sacrifices, huh?" He said sadly sarcastic "W-what?!" Kai stutters Well my asshole detector is going off. "I'll use the word 'tribute' then to help put you at ease." He laughs coldly Yes you're a genuine asshole... "What is your name?" I ask harshly "I'm Zebka your mentor. I'm here to teach you how to not die as painfully as you most likely will. You are Cassia Redwood, and you are Kai Mayberry, right? So what are your skills?" Zebka asked as if he was bored. Both Kai and I just sat thinking in suffocating silence for several minutes, until finally Kai spoke up. "I can climb fairly well; I've handled an axe a time or two, but I mostly worked in the factories lifting heavy weight." Kai explained sheepishly After Kai was done talking Zebka looked to me as a signal to speak. "Well I worked in the forest cutting down trees, so I'm good with an axe, I can climb trees all day, and I'm really good with plant identification." I explain haughtily "Can either of you swim?" Zebka asked us "No..." We both answer "You're chances of survival just went down again. Seven is doomed once again this year!" Zebka said hopelessly and threw his hands up in the air. Ass ... After that we only 'chatted' with Zebka for a few more minutes before Bezemy our escort came in all smiley and happy. Now I thought the escort from District Twelve was a loon. Oh, how very wrong I was. Bezemy tops them all. She was young mid-twenties, thin, standing at about 5'5, her skin was an ivory color due to make-up I'm sure. Her outfit my god it looked like a rainbow threw up all over her and she was covered in glitter like she bathed in the shit. Her outfit consisted of a very puffy rainbow/glitter skirt that stopped at the top of her knees, a rainbow/glitter halter-top that stopped at the top of her belly button, and on her feet she wore light pink ten-inch heels that were covered in glitter. Her make-up was piss your pants laughing bad, and her hair was a bit too tight with puffy curls and colored light pink with colorful highlights here and there and everywhere! I wonder if she dresses herself. Wow scary thought! She was a very happy cheery person the kind you sometimes just want to slap because they're so happy. Bezemy and Zebka don't get along they are always arguing about something. Zebka acts like a child and Bezemy is like an annoying older sister; but they give an odd comfort...well Zebka can sometimes break that comfort by just being himself but nothing is ever perfect. Soon night had fallen and we ate. Zebka eats like a god damned pig, and then Oh Lord he threw mashed potatoes at Bezemy. Now she may be wearing ten-inch heels but that woman can fucking move in them let me tell you! After dinner Bezemy lead me to my room and told me to rest up because we would be arriving in the capitol tomorrow. My room was very spacious, the walls were plain white with gold leaf designs all over the place, my floor was a shining marble, there was a queen size bed with plain spotless white blankets and pillows, a nightstand on either side of the bed with lamps on them, and two doors one leading to I hoped a bathroom and the other was a closet. I take a long shower after I was done doing everything I stayed in just standing under the warm water letting it sooth my aching muscles. When I finally get out of the shower I dry myself off with a towel, brush my teeth and hair, walk back into my room and got a long sleeve black shirt, with gray sweats, and purple underwear from my dresser. After forcing myself to pull the clothes on, I crawled into bed and soon fell into a nightmare filled slumber, with my past demons promising to never let me go.