Her sister gulped again and took more water, "You okay?" "Just nauseous." She smiles at her sister for good measure. "Wait, why are you talking to Twill, I thought you hated her." "I do, but me and Rue found out that she's the cousin of the bassist in this band we like so…" "Ha, okay." Then this poor crippled boy and his mother get on the next but stop and Katniss gets up giving up her seat. She's only standing for a minute when she faints. "Nausea and dizzy spell solved." The male ER doctor walks up to them, eyebrows lifted. "You're pregnant." They just burst out laughing. "Haha, no. Sorry." "I did a urine test." He tells them, "False negatives are frequent, false positives are rare." "Well, it's wrong buddy." Katniss huffs, arms crossed. "Yeah, my sister's a virgin." He looks toward Prim, and then back at Katniss, "Maybe we need to speak privately?" "No, we don't need to speak privately, I need to call my mother and we need to do another test." An hour later, when all the Everdeen girls were there, the dipped the little strip of paper into the yellow liquid, "Pink mean pregnant." he told them, and sure enough… All the color drained from her face and she shook her head. "That's not possible. It- it's just hormones or something." she gasped. "Yeah, pregnancy hormones." he replied dryly. "Look I know this is unplanned, but-" She got out her phone in the middle of bickering between her mother, grandmother, and the doctor and called the office, "Hello, I need to speak with Dr. Mellark because I have this crazy person here telling me I'm pregnant!" She says sternly looking at the man intently. Rye Mellark sat across from his brother and sister-in-law, there faces ones of hope, and excitement and dread. Just tell me, Delly pleads, "I'm not pregnant, am I?." "No." he swallows, "You're not. I'm sorry." Peeta looks down, sadly, "No, Rye. It's not your fault." "Well, you see, it is actually." His head snaps up in bewilderment, "What do you mean?" "Two weeks ago, when I walked in on Alison… I used your specimen on the wrong person." he states bluntly. "Excuse me?" Delly pipes up. "I used your sperm to inseminate the wrong girl."The door opens and his assistant nods to him, "She's uh, here." He puts his head in his hands shaking his head. "Hey, there…" Rye says, opening the door and approaching the group of silent Everdeens. Upon seeing Dr. Mellark, Katniss begins to talk, fast and panicky. "Thank you for seeing me. It's the craziest thing, right? These pregnancy tests keep coming back positive, and there's got to a reason. Right?" Her heart was beating erratically, she didn't know what to think. "There is a reason. And that reason is, I artificially inseminated you two weeks ago." At this all the women except Katniss began yelling, and he just took it all, knowing he definitely deserved it. When they quieted down he continued, "It was a mistake. I made a mistake and there was only a- a 20% chance it would take so I- I was hoping you wouldn't have to know but things turned out differently." "What?" Katniss breathed again, looking down, head in hands. "I- I am so sorry, Katniss." "You're sorry!" He mother yelled. "You're sorry?! You should be in jail, or locked up or something! You can't do this to a person!" "Mom." Katniss said softly, hand in front of her mother's waist. "There are a multitude of options that you have. There- there's a pill you can take, or um, you can, uh…" He paused, seeing that the girl in front of him was basically unresponsive, "And you are under no obligation to consult the father, but he does know." "The father?" Katniss whispered, mind somewhere else. "The father?... I- I need to go." She knocked at his door, arms crossed and breathing deeply. "Hey babe." He greeted, and she walked inside slowly, her hands busy taking off her jacket, steeling herself to tell him. "Gale-" she started, turning around, only to find him on one knee… "Okay, ground rules: You're not allowed to freak out, 'cause this is a moment we're gonna be telling our kids and grandkids about." He smiles, his crooked smile and she holds her chest, still on the verge of a break down. "Gale, what are you doing?" She gasps. "I'm proposing." He tells her with a laugh. "Who cares that, you know, you don't have your teaching degree or that I haven't established my career, or that we have debts, or whatever other reasons we have for waiting. As of today, we've been together for six months, and I know. I know that I want to spend the rest of my life with you." "Gale just-" "Wait, wait, before you say anything I'm not doing this because I want to have sex with you, okay? I mean, I- I do want to have sex with you, but that's not why I'm proposing, okay? I'm proposing because I want to spend my life with you. And raise children with you. And have sex with you. So, Katniss Everdeen will will you-?" "Gale, I'm pregnant!" "I need another drink." Peeta sighs, running a hand through his hair. "I'm sure." Cato remarks. Marvel and Thresh laugh lightly, but it didn't grab Peeta's attention. "I want it." "The kid?" Thresh asks quickly. "An unexpected by-product of cancer. They should put that in the brochure." he sighs and huffs, "Being told you can't have kids makes you want them even more. But I don't think Delly'll go for it." Cato laughs as if it's the most ridiculous thing ever and pats his back, "Dude this is the same girl who would not leave your side when you were going through chemo." Marvel joined his chuckles, "I'm not gonna lie I thought she'd bolt." "Look, I'm just saying maybe you're underestimating her."