on her right side, prolonging her search for what she, I'm guessing, deems the perfect slip of paper to pull. She pulls one out eventually and waddles over to the microphone before opening the slip and reading the name of the unlucky boy. "Kai Herring." I know him. He's older, 17 years old, and my heart breaks when I hear his mother gasp and his little sister start crying from the crowds. He doesn't seem to act phased as he makes his way up the stairs and onto the stage. His eyes are void of any emotion, but I notice where his gaze is at, right on his mom and sister. "Very nice," Effie's voice falters a little, and I can almost make out a break in her Capitol-like demeanor. But she quickly moves onto the other side of the stage, where the bowl with all of the girl names sits. "Moving on to the girls!" She does the same thing as she did with the boys, taking her time, and prolonging our stress. I can feel my heart squeezing as she pulls out a slip and makes her way back to center stage. Everyone is completely silent, until Effie finally announces the name. And it's not me. "Lilinoe Mako." " No! " There's a scream from the crowds, a dark skinned man comes bounding through only to be stopped by Peacekeepers. I know that name . I think. My brain works to think of how, and it hits me all at once when I see a small girl walk out of the 12 year old group. Oh god, Lili. Her parents were fishermen, and really good ones at that. They owned a couple of boats, and were actually pretty well off in terms of money. Earlier this year, on a trip gone wrong, Lilinoe's mother and father were caught in a bad storm that demolished the boat. Search parties were sent out the next morning when the storm finally calmed, I was a part of them. They found her father washed up on a small sandbar, but they never found her mother. The sea gives, but it also takes. That's what he said at her funeral. He had lost his wife, and now he was losing his daughter...all in less than a year. " Please! She's all I have left! Please , don't take my daughter! Don't take her too! Someone, please !" I had no idea that my feet were moving until I was standing in the middle of the opening, where everyone could see me. "I volunteer!" "Kalani!" Out of all the people I would expect to scream my name, I was surprised to see it was Finnick. Finnick, who was usually calm and collected; Finnick, who I went to when I was having trouble because I knew he'd know what to do; Finnick, who never showed any emotion other than amusement and confidence; Finnick, who now just looked lost and confused. "Dad!" I watch Lilinoe run to her dad behind me and hug him with all the strength she possessed in her little body. And I knew I wouldn't regret what I had done. I turned back to the stage and stared at Finnick as I walked up the stairs. When I get to the top and freeze because standing there is, "Annie." I whisper. I completely forgot she'd been sitting off to the side. She runs into my arms only to be ripped off by Finnick seconds later, who is trying to calm her down and most likely keep her from having a panic attack in front of everyone. I stand next to Kai, and instead of shaking hands I pull him into a warm hug which he returns. We pull apart and look out into the sea of other kids. "And what is your name, darling?" I'm asked by our escort. "Kalani Maverick." I speak into the microphone she shoves in my face. Effie goes to speak again but is interrupted. "Mahalo!" A broken voice yells. And I know it's the same voice of Lilinoe's father. "Mahalo!" He says again, stronger this time. I look over at him. His body is still and he is no longer speaking, but I can see it in his eyes, the gratitude, the apology, the love. I may be giving away my life, put I was allowing his daughter to keep her's. Like the sea, I can give, give his daughter another year - and maybe even her entire life - with him, but there can be no give without a take. "Mahalo." He says again. And before I know it there a more voices saying the word, and then yelling it, and then screaming it. The voices eventually die down, and the Peacekeepers begin to usher Kai and me away from the stage and into the actual Justice Building. I don't turn around, I don't want to look at anyone, because I know if I do I'll probably bust into tears. But then I hear it, a small voice, a young girl, the one I was keeping alive by sacrificing myself. "Aloha, Kalani!" I can't help but turn around and stare directly into her dark brown eyes. Aloha is a word taken seriously in our district, something that shows love and compassion, it's a strong word, and we only use it when we really mean it. " Aloha ." I mouth to her, and finally turn away for good. Ahhhh! Do you hate me? Was it good? Was the culture depicted correctly or should I fix something, or maybe just delete myself off the internet? Leave a review, let me know, I would be happy to get feedback! Also, if you feel a review might not get you anywhere or is a little to public, you can always PM me, that's totally cool and we can speak (or type I guess) there! I will try and get another chapter up as soon as possible, until then… xoxo