do to my-family?! Mother-fucker! I fuckin' HATE YOU!-ah-ah-ha" he cried. He screamed again. Bitter rage, anger, and tears laced his voice as he shouted, "-fucking ruined my life!" Effie gasped. 'What happened to him?' "Haymitch," the mother wiped a tear away, "Haymitch, I'm coming towards you. I'm here to help. No one else is here except for me, my daughter Primrose, and Miss Trinket." She slowly took a step, and another, to deaf ears. Haymitch merely cried, nearly incoherently mumbling depression and hatred. Effie could only pick up trace amounts of regret over the name Maysilee. The little girl followed dutifully, if a little shaken as well. Effie walked forward a little more, but then could only stop and stare as the woman gently disappeared into the darkness. She returned a moment later, with a visibly distraught and shaking Haymitch into the light. "Shh, it's okay," Miss Everdeen whispered kindly. Tears rolled down his face as he panted and fidgeted endlessly. A blast of a foul stench assaulted Effie's nose and she couldn't but cough in disgust. "Effie?" She looked up at him with her hand covering her mouth, "Haymitch. It's me. What happened to you?" Prim calmly walked to the confused escort and said, quite sadly, "He's suffering from delirium tremens." Effie blinked, "Erm…come again dear?" Mentally she berated herself for her bad display of manners in the pause, but it appeared as if she was the only individual who truly cared at the moment. "Delirium tremens." Prim continued. "They happen when people go through serious alcohol withdrawal. The patient suffers from shaking, visual hallucinations, high blood pressure, and many other things. I don't remember them all." "W-what can we do?" The mother kept coaxing him with sweet nothings as Haymitch had his arms wrapped around himself as he rocked back and forth on the dirt. His grip, Effie noticed, severely lack in strength. He talked to the mother as if she truly were that Maysilee person. The mother didn't deny his thoughts or tell the truth. 'Why?' "I…" Prim started, and then looked down, "I don't know." She sniffed and then swallowed, "I've never seen it before." Effie's eyebrow rose at the girl, "Are you supposed to know?" "Miss Trinket," Miss Everdeen said quietly, "Do you have a home where we can take him?" "Huh?" Effie blinked back to the woman's patient, yet serious eyes. "Sorry could you please repeat the question?" In between heavy pants Haymitch shakily breathed out, "Take us to the damn house. Idiot." "Although I am highly inclined to correct your abysmal manners Haymitch Abernathy, - after all who insults a lady in such a way? – I will not this time. I'm glad you are okay." Prim and her mother shared a quick look. The little girl looked up to the escort, "He isn't okay yet. We need to get him into an area with a lot of light." "How-how do you know so much?" Prim blushed a little and looked down shyly, "Mom told me about this. I never met a patient with actual Delirium Tremens though." Haymitch twitched edgily and shouted out, "Goddamnit just do what-" The group froze with Haymitch swallowing, snarling, and reaching for his knife. "SNOW!" He raged to Effie, "DIE!" Clambering to his feet with small pulses shooting through his organic circuitry, Haymitch rushed a catatonic Effie. Tackling the escort to the ground they rolled twice with Haymitch landing on top. Effie screamed with pure fear leaking from her eyes as Haymitch raised his knife. She scrunched her eyes. A whoosh and a thud barely registered through Effie as Haymitch got lighter. Clarity followed the noises in stride in Effie's mind and through damp vision Effie saw a mound of girl on Haymitch's forearm. With him pinned to ground, shaking violently, Prim carefully pried the knife from his unflinching grip. Effie panted and rapidly blinked in dryness. "Sweet…heart. You-" Haymitch swallowed, "You alright?" Effie nodded. "Mr. Abernathy," Prim regarded him, "Can I have the knife?" "No." Effie sat up slowly, "Haymtch. Please give her the knife…"A fluorescent and multicolored light bulb, the latest trend in Capitol interior design, flashed in Effie's mind. Looking over to the drab-clothed and silent Mrs. Everdeen, Effie huffed, "Why didn't you do anything?" Prim paused as did Haymitch. The other woman stared back listlessly in response. "Well?" Effie glared, "What kind of mother are you? Letting your daughter tackle down a knife wielding lunatic! You should be ashamed!" "Leave it Effie." Haymitch growled back. "She's got enough…and don't call me a knife wielding lunatic! It's bad manners after all!" Effie's voice caught in her throat to her embarrassment. Prim stifled a giggle as she let go of his arm. Effie rounded on the slowly recovering man, "You see what you make me do Haymtich? Your manners are so awful it is contagious." Prim helped Haymitch to his feet and gave him a support foundation. Haymitch shut his eyes and shook his head, "You've got issues sweetheart." "I do not! Besides who is the one that just tried to stab-" "Miss Trinket." "What?" Effie glared at Prim. "He didn't mean to stab you. He thought you were President Snow." "I know that." The escort glared back. "I just…" "Effie. Shut the hell up and quit wasting our time. I need treatment, and crazy as it sounds better lighting is part of the treatment, and you're not freaking helping. Seriously go off and starve and be ignorant somewhere else. You've been selfish enough as it is. Just leave us alone." "But I…" "Leave!" Haymitch shouted at her, "People die from this shit and I'm going to do whatever it takes to live through this crap. Now get out the hell out of my sight and my life and don't come back until you get a fucking brain!" Effie bit her lips, lowered her eyes, and slowly turned around. With her head slumped and her wig slightly askew, she mechanically blended in with the darkness.