really do that? I mean, I could maintain a job and college at the same time. Letting loose is just part of the plan. 'Hmm do you know anyone who's good at that?' I winked and she giggled. It was time for a new life. xxxX. The first semester was finally over and I felt myself finally relax as I gulped a little from my beer. The liquid made my throat ache but it made me feel at ease for a few hours so let that be. I was never a heavy drinker because being hung-over was never good and I tried avoiding that the most. The first time I drank too much, I woke up the next day with a horrible headache and I screwed up in my English test because of that. When the train finally arrived to our city, I threw my bottle to the garbage and drank water, hoping to get sober as fast as possible. I still had to catch another train, which was 20 minutes away from home so maybe that would've helped. I fell asleep during most of the ride and walked back home with a light bag. The city seemed foreign since I was so used to my college life, everything did seem serious just like Beatrice had said. From the corner of my eye, I spotted Gale with a pregnant Rose and I began walking faster. I was still not over him, or what he did to me. My thoughts were cut off when I felt someone hug my lower stomach and I looked down to spot Prim, hugging the life out of me. 'Prim,' I breathed out in happiness. She was okay. The whole money plan had worked and they weren't starving to death. 'Katniss, I missed you so much.' 'Oh Primmy, I missed you too. I got you some chocolates, just like you asked. Dark chocolate of course, so mom won't steal yours.' The smile on her face caused my stomach to turn in happiness. Maybe leaving this place was never a bad idea. 'I told you she'll get it for me Peeta!' His name brought me back to life and I caught him standing a few yards away, smiling. He was wearing a plain white tee and his black jeans looked new. His hair was dyed dark brown now and he grew a bit. He walked towards me and I pulled him in for a hug, holding him with all my power. He smelled the same. I ran my hands through his hair and smiled before pulling away. 'I like it,' I said, playing with the ends of his hair. He smiled and nodded his head. 'I thought you wouldn't. Everyone thinks I'm an idiot for doing this.' 'No you're not, I love this. It looks really good on you, honestly.' He grinned and played with my hair, twisting it around his finger. 'When was the last time you cut yours? It grew. Another indication that I haven't seen you in decades,' He wasn't looking at me anymore, but at my body and hair. Prim was ignored and I could see her using her phone, most likely playing a game and ignoring these two ignorant teens. 'I cut it before I left. It's been a while, actually. I missed you,' I confessed and that's when he looked at me. His chocolate brown eyes were shining as bright as the sun and he rubbed my cheek with his thumb, with that smile plastered on his face. 'I missed you way more than you think. I was never around when you called and you don't own a phone so I couldn't exactly call the local telephone and ask for Katniss Everdeen, can I?' 'No,' I answered and he pulled away, extending his hand. I held on to him for dear life and we began walking back home, to my real home this time. The rest of the holiday passed way too fast for my liking and I was aching to stay. Peeta had organized a picnic in front of the lake and I was sleeping on his chest, as he played with the ends of my hair, twisting per usual. He kissed my forehead before speaking. 'I don't want you to go,' he shyly admitted. 'I don't want to go, either.' He slowly pushed me away from him and began rummaging the picnic basket before pulling a bunch of strawberries. He dipped them in chocolate and fed it to me, chuckling every time he put some on my nose 'by mistake'. 'I love you, Katniss,' the words slipped out of his mouth and I felt like I couldn't breathe. He regret it immediately and was about to apologize before I shook my head. 'No Peeta. You didn't say anything wrong. I mean, it's like, what I meant to say is that - I love you too, Peeta.' His face broke into smiles of all kinds and he approached me, kissing me tenderly and affectionately. I grew missing his kisses day by day and mentally slapped myself for choosing Gale over him when we could've developed a better relationship together all along. 'Come with me,' I whispered after a moment of silence. The only thing you could hear was our heavy breathing. He nodded his head before smiling, 'Okay.' Your words in my head, knives in my heart You build me up and then I fall apart I'm only human A/N: Okay, so if this story got a little bit confusing in the middle, I apologize. Panem is a country and when Katniss went to study for college, she left Panem. It's not like she left district 12 and went to, like district 1. i'm aware that this story is moving way too fast but I was afraid the ideas would fly away from my head, i tried slowing it down as much as possible. You can PM me if you have any ideas and i'll try working on it. :)