white notebook when she's not working at the diner, but I'm not one to judge. Peeta comes walking back over, all smiles and dimples, and asks if we've made up our minds. "Yeah," Gale says. " Two grilled cheeses, a #5, please, and-" He looks up at me expectantly. "What do you want, Catnip?" "A bowl of plum soup, please." I say, glaring back at Gale. "I always get plum soup." "It's really good," Peeta says a little awkwardly. "Well, that'll be right out." "Seriously, though," Gale says thoughtfully once he leaves. "He probably has it a lot easier than most people." I look at his retreating form, at his dragging metal leg and his slightly slumped shoulders, and all I can say is, "No, I don't think he does." [+Finnick.+] My phone is buzzing. My phone is always buzzing nowadays, so it really shouldn't bother me as much as it does, but the atmosphere in Mags's library is so chill it pisses me off when something disrupts it. A lot of things piss me off, but something about the annoying pinging sound makes me want to chuck it at the nearest wall. Instead, I lean back in the librarian's chair and fish another sugar cube from the jar in front of me. Popping it into my mouth, I watch the girl in the classics section and try to ignore the beeping. She's not even reading them, I notice curiously. She's just running her fingers along them like they're all old friends of hers. Mags told me that she was fragile, but she didn't tell me she wasn't even going to read anything. My phone buzzes yet again, and I can't take the sound it makes anymore, so I give in and check it. I have 71 missed messages. One from Snow. The others from heartbroken teenagers who want to know why I haven't called. Gee, I think bitterly. Maybe it's because my therapist blackmailed me into seducing you in the first place. Ignorance has always been bliss for me. The best years of my life were the few when I didn't ask questions, didn't wonder why Mags took care of me, didn't ask where my real parents were or why I wasn't allowed to walk anywhere alone. My world fell apart not when I started asking, but when I finally got my answers. Mags took care of me because she was the only foster mom willing to take on an angry, confused seven-year-old boy. My real parents were laying with the fishes at the bottom of the river running by Panem. I wasn't allowed to walk anywhere alone because Snow already had enough dirt on me; he didn't need anymore. Snow insisted on seeing me after my parents died. He listened to the complaints, the worries, the secrets of that seven-year-old and he used them to control me. "Have any favorites?" I ask Annie abruptly because I can't spend anymore time in my head. I'll go crazy if I do. "Oh, um," She blushes. "Well, I really like Girl Interrupted. Have you heard of it?" "Nope." I get up and walk over to her. "Tell me about it." "Oh, well, it's about a girl in 1967 who is placed in an insane asylum. She can't stick to one world, you know? And they label her crazy because of it." "Hits home for you?" "A little." She shrugs. "What about you?" "Um. Probably Catcher In The Rye. Or Naruto." She stares at me, clearly confused. "Oh, c'mon. You've heard of Naruto. Most legit manga series like, ever?" "No," She blushes a little. "I don't get out much." She says this with a little laugh. Unlike the other laughs I've heard -and I've heard plenty- this one is genuine. She's not laughing because she wants something, like most of the girls in this town. She's not laughing because she think's I'm stupid, like most of the adults in this town. She's not laughing just to be a creepy bastard, like Snow. She's not even laughing because she loves me, like Mags. No, she's laughing because she wants to laugh, in a way that's all her own. It's that laugh that drives me, somehow, to do what I do next. "Why don't you come over?" I say easily. Her eyes still pop out of her head. "I have the entire collection, and Mags is making some kind of seafood gumbo that's bound to be weird but delicious." "I couldn't," She shakes her head vigorously, blushing all the way. "Mags-" "Would probably shoot me if I didn't invite you over. And anyway, you said you two go way back, didn't you?" It's a low blow, but Mags probably will shoot me if I don't bring Annie back so she can fuss over her. "But my parents-" "Mags'll call them. C'mon, Annie," I grin at her beseechingly. "You know you want to." She fights with herself inwardly for a little; I can tell, because her eyes practically broadcast her every emotion. Then, she sighs and says, "No. No, I couldn't, I'm sorry." "It's okay." I sigh dramatically. "You just signed my death warrant, but no biggie." She laughs, and I head back for the desk. My phone buzzes again. It's a message from Snow, one that simply says come. I hear the front door bell chime as Annie leaves, but I don't look up. I just stare at the tiny screen. I do look up, however, when the door bell chimes again and Annie walks back in. "Why not?" She says breathlessly, like she ran all the way back. "I've been meaning to talk to Mags anyway." "Cool," I say, smiling. My phone buzzes yet again. I make to check it, but out of the corner of my eye, I see Annie. She's standing in the middle of a sunbeam from the window, so she's drenched in this really pretty hazy yellow color. I put my phone on silent instead and grab my coat.