of Justice. A lot of the District had remained derelict after the bombing, but the Hall of Justice was rebuilt fairly quickly. There were a selection of different people in a semi-circle surrounding the cordoned off sections where the male and female tributes would be picked from their separate groups. Peacekeepers stood between the crowd and the tributes. Katniss looked at the centre; there was only Johanna Mason in the female section, and no males in the male section. It made her sad, but the idea of seeing Johanna made her feel uneasy. She was always a question mark when it came to their friendship. However she pushed past it and, after giving Peeta a small kiss, joined Johanna in the female side. "Katniss, it's not good to see you," Johanna greeted her with a sad but sincere smile. "I should have gotten in touch long ago, but there's nothing that can be done about it now." "Its fine, we were never too close anyway," Katniss returned the heartfelt smile. "Congratulations to you and Peeta, I didn't think you'd make it." "Me neither," Katniss nodded. "Johanna, don't volunteer for me, ok? I need to do this for me." "I wasn't planning on it," Johanna laughed. Katniss noticed that she had grown out of the short, spiky hair style that she had last time they saw each other, and now had her hair long, going down her back. It looked unclean, and Katniss could smell dried sweat on the hydrophobic woman. "Yeah, I'm still afraid of water. If Finnick was here, he wouldn't stop teasing me about it." "He might be here soon." "What?" Katniss was about to answer when the sound of Effie's high-pitched Capitol accent rang out. "Welcome, welcome, to the first Fandom Games." Effie looked as glamorous as ever. Age had not decreased her general upkeep. She sported a straight platinum blonde and black striped wig, with a golden, glimmering dress. Her heels were about nine inches tall. Katniss could hear an edginess to her old escort's voice, and she knew Effie didn't like returning to the place where the destruction of her world began. "Before we begin, I would like to call out the names of more possible tributes that will be joining you shortly: Finnick Odair." Katniss felt Johanna stiffen at her side. "Rue, and Primrose Everdeen." Out of the crowd, three people stepped forward, all dressed in black. Katniss wanted to scream, but she couldn't. There stood, alive and looking exactly the same as just before they died, were Finnick, Rue, and Prim. She heard her mother run long before she made contact with her youngest daughter. All she could hear then were repeated cries of her sister's name. Katniss knew she couldn't run or she'd be apprehended, but waited instead, feeling tears run down her cheeks. She heard more sobbing as she saw Annie Cresta and her and Finnick's son grab the young man. Their son, also named Finnick by his grieving mother, was now only two years younger than his father. Katniss watched as Finnick and Annie embraced, watched as the once broken Annie finally looked whole. Rue was first by her side. Katniss looked at the small girl, and felt a wave of warmth wash over her. "You won for me," was all Rue said, before she hugged the person that was with her as she died. "Of course, I had to. Everything I did was because of you, Rue." Katniss smiled at the girl. She felt a hand on her arm, and she didn't even need to turn to see her little sister. "Oh, Prim!" she sobbed, pulling her into the hug. Rue let go to allow the sisters to stay together. Katniss held Prim as tight as she could, remembering her smell, feeling her breathe in her arms. Katniss opened her eyes and caught Gale's glance. He was crying as well. In that moment, she forgave him, and no longer cared. She had her sister back, and was incredibly happy. "Oh, this is getting me all choked up!" Effie's voice sounded shriller than ever as it was stifled by tears. "But we must continue. The rules of the Resurrected are thus: as a reward to those who are going into the arena, the dead have returned. Though the dead can be sent into the arena and killed, those brought back are here to stay. That means Finnick gets to see his son grow up, Prim can be a best friend to her nieces and nephews, and Rue can return to District 11 where her family remain. They are fully human. They have heart beats, memories and emotions. They are not Mutts." This made Katniss hold onto her sister tighter. "I'm sorry I couldn't save you, I'm so sorry." "its okay, Katniss," she felt her sister smile. "It was quick, I hardly felt any pain." "Now, let's pick our tributes. Ladies first: Katniss Mellark," Effie choked on the name. Katniss didn't care anymore, she could go into the arena and die, and the children would still have family there for them. Head held high, Katniss walked up to the stage and took her place beside Effie. She caught Finnick's eye, and he smiled at her. Peeta just went pale. "Congratulations Katniss," Effie sounded like she could have thrown up. Now she was up close, Effie looked withered and frail. "Now, for the boys: Peeta Mellark." Peeta slowly began his assent, and she heard her children scream out as both her parents took to the stage. "Our tributes for the first annual –" "Wait!" Gale cried out. "I volunteer." Peeta's blood began to boil, and he knew that Gale wanted to recreate the love that Katniss and Peeta began in the 74th Hunger Games. But he climbed down off the stage and returned to the crowds were he held his children, who sobbed as their mother took Effie's hand. "Our tributes for the first annual Fandom Games: Katniss Mellark and Gale Hawthorn."