an estranged look. "Our plan worked like a charm Enobaria" Clove chimed, taking a few calming breaths before she finally stops. "They were petrified" I say with a devious smirk. "Good" is all Brutus dares to butt in. i give him a flat look and push past him. "They could be brothers Clove" Enobaria hissed to clove, in hopes that we wouldn't hear. "Heard that" Brutus and i say in unison. I look at the 3 of them before leaving and going to my room. "Call me when the food is ready" i yell through the closed door. I unchange out of my clothes, and put on just my loose pants. The capitol is a pretty balmy place, and even though it is the capitol. the source of cooling someone down is shit. After half an hour or so of basking in the silence of my surroundings, there is a faint knock on the door. "It's open." "Hey Cato, let's talk" it's clove if you haven't guessed. She has her hair pulled up ontop of her head and she is in a bright purple Capitol embroided top and black tights. I laugh at her top and she scowls at me. "Cute top" for that comment, I get a swift whack up the face, "shut up, my other top was dirty…. Speaking of tops, where is yours?" "Dirty, like yours, but I'm just too lazy to put mine back on" I smirk at her a laugh. She begins to blush that cute little blush again. Jesus Cato, get a hold of yourself . I mentally shake her from my thoughts and get my mind straight again. "So what did you want to talk about?" I ask getting my thoughts clear. "I want to talk about… The games." I slightly freeze as the words come out. "Oh, Um, well I guess we stick together until-" "Until we have to kill each other?" "Yeah, that" Why is this so hard for me to over come? I always knew clove, but not like I do know. It's like this things had made us closer. And that the last thing I want right now. "Cato I don't want to die" her voice has become shaky. "I thought I was ready for this but I'm not." "Clove your not going to die" Wait, what the fuck just came out of my mouth? "What? No Cato, your not doing that" she snapped. "Well why not?" Holy hell Cato, shut your fucking mouth! Stop letting mind travel and think about her, only 1 person is coming out of the games and it is going to be you, "Because I won't let you die for me" her voice is now more stern. More demanding. "I am stronger than that. What am I kidding, I can kill you!" she hisses before abruptly throwing her head into her hands. I move over to that I am right next to her. I hesitantly put my arm around her waist in attempt to comfort her. To my surprise, she lifts her reddened face and puffy eyes from her hands. "Cato, I'm scared" her voice cracks with the last word. I pull her closer to me and she doesn't object. "So am I Clove, so am I" there, I finally admitted it. I'm scared, petrified. I don't want to die. But for some reason, Clove has grown on me, she is probably the only person who actually respects me as much I respect them. I can't believe I am saying this, but I think I have fallen for her. But when I fell, I fell hard. Headfirst into a pit of rust nails. As my mind rushes, so does my heart beat. Why did I have to fall for her now, why not at a later time, or another universe? damn fucking emotions . They cause me nothing but torment. And right now it is tormenting my mind. Her breathing become steadier and her face returns back to its pale glow. But her eyes are still red. I have to hold back the over coming urge to kiss her. She is right there in front of me. Actually she is almost in my lap, why can't I just kiss her? I know why, because one of you are dying in a matter of weeks. I look into her deep emerald eyes, getting lost in their beauty. I forget where I am for a moment before I get pulled into reality by a warm tingle on my lips. Clove has her soft lips upon mine, I have to overpowering urge to kiss her back, and I do. But there is a little voice in my head telling me how wrong this is, how you are only digging a deeper hole. But I don't care at the moment. Her lips are so soft, considering how harsh she is. I pull her onto my lap as our kiss becomes a little more fiery, her lips moving in time with mine. I run my hands through her hair, pulling out her hair tie. He hands travel down my bare stomach and trace my muscles, a tingling sensation, erupting through my body. I have to stop, but she was so addicting it was contagious. She wrapped her legs around me and tangles her hands in my hair. I move my hands so they are resting on her waist and we break apart. "Cato were fucked, aren't we?" she asks with a very weak smile. Placing her forehead on mine. "Extremely" I reply , catching my breath. "But I don't care anymore" Our lips crash together again and we contain ourselves in a passionate kiss, all I want to do is keep this moment forever. Bottle it up, and keep it in my pocket. We both know how wrong it is, but I think that drives us towards each other more. All I want is her, and for the next week, I can have her. In secret, Tormenting our minds.