in not so much as whisper—You have feelings for me? But Finnick…that...that doesn't make any sense—she tried to regain her normal breathing rhythm. The handsome victor smiled softly. —It doesn't have to. Feelings are irrational, and love is the most irrational of all, because it doesn't make any sense, but it can be so right—. —Love?—. —Yes, Ann. What other feelings could I be talking about?—. —Friendship?—she ventured, trembling like a breeze. Finnick chuckled and kissed the tip of her nose. —No, silly. Never. Believe me, what I feel is much, much stronger than that—. For me? Annie still believed he was joking. —Finnick…I…Im just…I mean…I am very…troublesome. I…—she lowered her tone even more and muttered, full of shame—Im not normal…—. —Normal? Annie, such thing doesn't exist. Have you seen the girls at the Capitol? The ones Im forced to hang around with? One of them has pink wings, Annie. She actually has pink wings . Is that normal? Or all the girls in town who would actually volunteer as tribute to their deaths? Is that normal?—he cupped her face gently—Is being scared unusual? Annie, there's nothing wrong with you!—. —Finnick, I start seeing dead tributes in the middle of the street in town—she said matter of factly, much to her own surprise. She'd sounded almoust as…as she used to be before the Hunger Games. She shrugged at the idea and pushed it away before one thing led to another. —Annie—he murmured, as sweet as sunshine—There's nothing wrong inside you. It's okay to be scared, and it's completely natural to be broken. Everybody's a little broken inside. You…you are smart enough to know it. And I…—he sighted—Annie, Im a wrecked mess. The Games harmed be in ways Im not even sure of. But I…—he took her hands in his, warming her palms with his affection—I simply adore the patched up look in your eyes. It makes you human. It makes you a fighter —. Annie blushed when his fingers pulled a strand of her hair behind her ear, brushing her skin gently. He continued talking: —I really like the idea of two half—broken toys mending each other. And I want to be that half to you—. Annie would've said she'd dreamed with this moment since the day she'd crossed her first words with Finnick, but that would be a lie. In truth, she'd never dared to feed those secret hoped inside her, for fear of making a fool of her own heart. But that had no kept the feelings from growing on their own, and when the man in front of her, that unexpected valentine that had come from the sea, said those words to her, her feelings where threatening to burst out. Desperate to do something, she tried opening her mouth, but found she had no words. That she never had any words at the right occasions. But she still had actions. She'd one the Hunger Games. This couldn't be any worse, could it? She stood on her tip—toes to kiss him. Her lips had not so much as graced Finnick's before he was pulling her into a tight embrace, and a kiss as deep as the ocean. It was salty, their lips slightly irritated after hours at sea. He crashed against her; kissed her like the wave kissed the sand. He mangled one of his hands in her humid hair, the other holding the small of her back. Annie held his face shyly, running the tip of her thumps across the cheeks lightly covered by a very young stubble. Finnick was a Golden Boy. But he wasn't made of gold. He was human. Broken. Driven by his own heart, just like her. When they finally parted, Anny was a whirl of emotions, but for once, not a single one of them was bad. She blushed lightly and then smiled struck by shyness, eyeing Finnick through her thick eyelashes. He chuckled without a word and kissed her forehead protectively. —Come—he said, after sweetly kissing her again—Let's get you dry before you catch something—. Mags wasn't at all amused when they entered the house holding hands. She merely smiled a toothless grin and then dragged Finnick to the kitchen, probably hoping he could open some jar for her so she could carry on making dinner. Dinner was nothing out of ordinary. Finnick did most of the talking, while Mags laughed and smiled at his stories, and Annie ate in silence, sometimes giggling at his words. There was, however, the fact that this time, Finnick held Annie's hand throughout the entire meal, running his thumb tenderly across her knuckles. The usual exhaustion after a day at the beach pushed Annie to cuddle in bed soon after. As usual, a quiet look in Finnick's direction was all he needed to call it a night, kiss Mags on the cheek and follow Annie upstairs. Every time he was home, he would cuddle with the girl whenever she asked him to help her sleep peacefully. He slipped under the covers behind her and held her tight, wrapping his arms around her waist and kissing the outline of her ear. —You will stay with me all night?—Annie dared to whisper, seeking his hand to hold in the dark. She could feel Finnick smile into her hair, while he intertwined his long fingers with hers. —Of course I will, Annie—he said quietly, his voice deep and silky— I'll be holding you all the time. Just like the otters—. She looked at him over his shoulder, frowning her nose slightly in a gesture Finnick considered simply and adorably heart—melting. —Like the otters?—she repeated, not sure of what he meant by that. She saw him smile. Not like Finnick the victor. Not like Finnick the charmer. Not even like Finnick the protector. Just like Finnick the human. —Yes, like the otters—he replied, taking the tips of Annie's fingers to his lips and kissing them lightly—They hold each other's hands while they sleep so the other won't drift away—.