could die with. Tee hee! I shoot him a sly glance as we're herded into the Justice Building to await our goodbyes. ~Agate's POV~ I drum the tips of my nails against my teeth as I wait in the plush, cushy-looking space within the Justice Building, waiting for people to come say goodbye to me. I know there'll be at least four coming, and I'm sure it'll either by Stark or Coral coming first. Stark wins. "Hey, there, champ!" he chuckles as he walks in. I can tell, he's exhausted from last night's fun endeavors, as well. "You score last night?" "Nah, don't think so… She was in pajamas when I woke up." I say with a shrug. "Too bad, bud. Ah, well, you'll have plenty of time to snatch that tail up when we get back, am I right?" "Tch, yeah, I guess." I say, rolling my eyes. Stark's green eyes squint as he looks down at me. "What's up with you, dude? Coral bother you about something, or what?" he asks. "Family troubles are finally coming down on me, I guess. Don't worry about it, man." I tell him. Stark smiles and nods. "Well, dude, I gotta bounce. See you when you get back!" he calls as he turns and walks for the door, which the Peacekeepers kindly open for him. After he leaves, I'm left in silence again until the door opens an indeterminate time later. I expect to see Coral walking in when I lift my head up. "Oh, hey, Mom." I say with a slightly surprised raise of my thin brown eyebrows. My mother's signature golden eyes, which I inherited, look cloudy and distracted, and the way they look moist makes me think that she's holding back tears. "I-" Before I can continue, my mom has walked forward and wrapped her arms around me. "Now I'm going to miss you even more…" she whispers to me sadly. I sigh and hug her back. That's one of two things she says to me, and we just hug for a long time, until the Peacekeepers come to escort her out. "Come back to me, Agate. Please." That's the last thing I hear my mother say before the door closes behind her. Minutes later, the next person enters. I look up and smile as Coral stares proudly at me, smiling just as bright. I stand as she starts toward me, and within moments, we're wrapped in each other's arms, kissing eagerly. She's so warm, ad being as close to her as I am sparks up something inside of me… before I really know what's going on, the buttons of her blue blouse are already popping between my fingers, just enough so I can see she's not wearing anything underneath. With the fire raging in my chest now, I grip either side of the opening of her blouse when it's completely unbuttoned, but her hands swiftly grasp mine before I can pull the tight shirt away from her. "Ah, ah, ah…" she whispers to me. "That's only a sneak preview of what to expect when you come back…" I stare longingly as she rebuttons her blouse and gives me a quick kiss before strutting out and leaving me stunned and determined. With that kind of incentive, there's no way I'm going down. I am coming back home, victorious. The last person to come visit me is my father, in all of his regality and coldness. There's a long moment of scanning me before he speaks. "I suppose it's a little too late to ask you if you're really sure about this." he deep voice sighs. "What does it matter to you, anyway? You don't care about me. You only fought for my custody because my mom pissed you off." I snap. "You're not wrong," he starts. That actually hurts a little. I half-expected him to get angry and start denying my accusation. "However, despite the awkward and painful situation I've forced you into concerning me and your mother, I do care about you, Agate. Four marriages, and you're my only child." "That only means you pretended to love my mom longer than the other three." I respond bitterly. "In a sense. But your mother and I are an entirely different subject." he replies in that calm undertone again. "Agate, I've broken many oaths and have lied to countless people: judges, juries, Mayor Pimmsbrook, all four of my ex-wives. But the one person I swore I'd never tell a lie to is my only child. That's worth something ." I open my mouth to retort, but then I realize he may be right. For as long as I can remember, he's always told me the truth, even when I didn't want to hear it. The truth always ended up being better for me in the end. "Dad, do you think I can win this?" I ask him. I had to. And I can tell, he was waiting for that question. He steps forward ad grabs my hand, placing something inside of it. "No," he says, ad my heart starts to quake, even though I've never cared much for my dad's opinion before now. He releases the object and lets go of my hand and I see that he's placed into my palm that pure diamond ring that the lady from earlier was wearing. The ring that would be my token. "But I'm hoping you can prove me wrong." I half-hope he'll smile at me as he leaves, but I've never seen him smile - or happy, for that matter - before, and I have no such luck now. He walks out, and I'm left in silence until the Peacekeepers come to take me to the train station. (A/N: And there you have it! TA and I will be fine-tuning every single chapter since before the most current, and we'll be updating EVERY day! :D I'll post District Two sometime tomorrow, so stay tuned, Hungry Gamers! Till next time! Bye bye!)