me began to stir, and it made me want to destroy the world we knew and rebuild it. But, just as quickly as it had come, it was gone, and I stood there bewildered at what I had just internally experienced. Effie's high pitch, ridiculous voice brought me back to reality as she said, "Now, as proper tradition. Ladies first!" Walking over to the bowl on the girls side, she reached a dainty hand inside the bowl full of death sentences and quickly grabbed one. Opening it up, she strutted over to the microphone and said into it, "Primrose Everdeen." My eyes widened, and my head quickly shot over to the girls section were a small little girl was standing alone. My heart immediately caught in my throat. She resembled my little sister so much that it was painful. Turning my head away, I stared at the boy's bowl, hoping that one of my siblings wouldn't get called. "Well," Effie began, motioning for the young girl to step forward, "C'mon now. Don't be shy! C'mon!" Slowly, the younger girl stepped into the empty isle between the boy's and girls section and began to walk forward, her hands trembling slightly. Not even a few steps out, commotion broke out. "Prim!" Turning around, the young girl with tears in her eyes shouted, "Katniss!" Katniss... Turning my attention towards the isle, I watched the drama fold out. Rushing towards her sister, Katniss grabbed her sister up and when they tried to pull her away she began violently thrashing against the guards until she stood still and said defiantly, "I volunteer! I volunteer as tribute!" Silence enveloped the whole district. Nobody had ever volunteered from District 12... nobody. "Well," Effie said slowly, "District 12's first volunteer. There is of course the process of getting the rea-" "Of for the love of all. Just let the girl come up. Don't bother her. Please." Mayor Undersee whispered, his eyes tired and sad. Effie huffed and turned back to the microphone. "Alright... Well, come on up." Primrose started screaming and grabbing onto Katniss, preventing her from going up to the front. Gale, tensing up, shoved past me and hoisted the crying girl over his shoulder, "Skiddy up Catnip." he said and motioned up to the front with his eyes. The revelation seemed to dawn on Katniss and she turned a shade whiter before standing up straight and walking towards the front steadily. Standing on Effie's right, she stared at the crowed of the teenaged children in District 12. "What's your name dear?" Effie asked sweetly, a fake smile plastered on her face. "K-Katniss Everdeen." "Well! I bet my luck stars that was your sister! Didn't want her to steal all of the glory from you, did you?" Katniss didn't say anything. She just stood there, eyes boring into the crowds. I shuddered and closed my eyes. Of course my luck would make it end up were the girl was crushing on was entered into the Hunger Games. "Well! Now for the Boys'!" Effie squeaked, generally excited. Tiptoeing over towards the boys' bowl, she shoved her hand in there and pulled out a thin slip of paper that contained a young boy's death. Leaning into the microphone, Effie opened up the slip of paper and read the name that made my blood run cold. "Peeta Mellark." My head snapped back and my gaze quickly landed on my best friend, who stood completely still, shaking slightly and his mouth was hanging open. First the girl I practically loved, and then my best friend for years on end to get thrown into the game of death?. I think not. I snapped. Punching the Peacekeeper that came to guide Peeta to the stage in the face, I stood in front of my best friend protectively, pushing the Peacekeepers that charged towards us away and shouted as loud as I could, "TAKE ME! I VOULNTEER AS TRIBUTE!" Silence enveloped the district once more. Two volunteers in one day? That wasn't even considered possible for our district. The Peacekeepers stopped their advances and stared warily at me, their batons out and ready. Effie looked disgusted at the display of violence against the Peacekeepers and stammered out slowly, "W-Well. This is a... surprise. I suppose... you can volunteer... and... well... come on up." I turned around and gripped Peeta's shoulder tightly. "It'll be alright." Pivoting on my heel, I strode up as confidently as I could to the front, my eyes hard-set and my mouth forming a small, natural frown. Stopping next to Effie, I stood tall and straight, doing my best to not betray the fear I was currently feeling. "So, what's your name honey?" Effie asked, distain clearly visible in her eyes. I was quite for a moment before leaning into the microphone, "Nathan Talcott." Motioning for us to come closer, she said to the two of us, "Now, shake hands." Sticking my hand out, I gripped Katniss's small, calloused hand in my large, rough hand, applying enough pressure to be firm, but not enough to be too tight. Katniss eyed me warily and I simply stared at her, pushing down the blush that was attempting to creep up my neck. Having nothing else to say, Effie Trinket turned to face the crowd and said "May I present District 12's tributes of the 74th Hunger Games!" She began to applaud loudly and was met with silence. Slowing her clapping to stop, she stared into the crowd, as if mentally willing every person to start clapping. Instead, they all in perfect silence took their index, middle, and ring finger, brought it to their mouths, kissed it, and rose it up in the air. Tears started to prick my eyes. Within the next 96 hours, I would be in the Hunger Games. I would have to fight to survive. I would have to fight to win. Woah. IDK man, this chapter just flowed. Dang. Hope you guys enjoyed it. See you all next chapter!