a silky Bourbon sauce, and nestled inside a flaky, buttery crust. Katniss didn't take a bite, just looked at him with her eyebrows raised in disbelief. "What can I say?" Peeta asked, smiling down at the dessert in front of him. "I like to bake." "This is too much," she said, shaking her head. "You must have been working all day." Peeta ran his fingertip across the edge of the table. "Actually, I have a confession to make." "Confession?" she asked, the smile falling off her face. "I didn't think you would come tonight," he said, watching as she raised her fork to her lips and then set it down without eating. "Why not?" she said, frowning. "I said I would." "After the show aired, I mean," he admitted, his face tilted down toward his plate. The apartment was very quiet. Katniss toyed with the rim of her glass, and finally raised her eyes to his. "I liked it," she said, her voice so quiet it was almost a whisper. Peeta struggled to take a breath. "Really?" If she'd liked the show, did that mean she- Was that even possible? "I mean, yeah," she said, tucking an invisible lock of hair behind her ear. "It was nice." Then she frowned, her gray eyes going hard. "Wait, you didn't like the show?" she asked. "Was that not-" Peeta reached across the table and took Katniss's hand in his, stilling her restless fingers with his own. "I liked the show," he said. "The parts with the food, the farm and the bakery. But the parts with us were awful - Katniss, I never planned to share that with the entire world." He'd had enough trouble just asking her to dinner, after all. Katniss bit her lip and looked up at him, her gray eyes shining in the soft orange glow of sunset outside the window. "Before I saw- I never realized-" She trailed off, but he thought maybe he knew what she was trying to say. He could feel hope growing inside his chest. He squeezed her fingers in his own. "I don't know how to say it exactly," he told her. "Only... I felt like they changed us on the show. I want for this-" He gestured between them, as if he could indicate any potential relationship with one wave of his hand. "I want us to be more than just a storyline for their show." She tightened her fingers around his, returning the squeeze. "All right," she said. "I'll allow it." Peeta felt an enormous smile break out across his face. Keeping Katniss's hand in his own, Peeta stood and pulled her to her feet. He wrapped his arms around her shoulders and drew her into a hug, holding her close to his chest for a long moment. She felt tiny and delicate and perfect there. Even better, her arms tightened around his waist and gripped just as firmly, and she rested her cheek against his chest as if they did this every day. When she tilted her face back to look up at him, her lips were barely an inch from his. All he had to do was to lean down, close the distance, and press his mouth to hers. It had taken him twenty years to do this, but today it was the simplest thing imaginable. Her lips were soft but firm, and she dug her fingers in his hair and pulled him closer as they kissed. She tasted of wine and cheese, herbs and sunshine and warm breezes. He nipped at her bottom lip, and she moaned softly as she pulled back from the kiss. Peeta looked down into Katniss's storm-gray eyes and gently stroked the pad of his thumb along her cheekbone. Her arms squeezed him tightly in response. "Still think the show was awful?" she asked. He could remember the anger and disappointment he'd felt watching the show, but it was a distant memory now, like something he'd read about. And a few days of pain seemed like nothing, after twenty years of hesitation and regret. "Worth it," he said, and kissed her again. Four months later... "Did you want to watch a movie or something?" Katniss asked, picking up the remote and switching on the TV. She switched from one channel to the next quickly, so that Peeta hardly had time to guess what each program was. "Hey, look," she said after a minute. "It's on again." Peeta glanced up, and was startled to see his own face on the screen. "-We went to school together," his voice said, over a panoramic view of Katniss's lush green farm. He'd spent enough time there in the months since their first date that it was comfortable and familiar now, but he was struck once again by its beauty. "Want me to turn it off?" Katniss asked, biting her lip. "I know you... never really liked this." The television showed Katniss and Peeta walking through her herb garden, their heads leaning close to one another. All around them, flowers bloomed and growing things fluttered in the breeze. His expression onscreen was a billboard of feelings, longing and hope and love shining out of his eyes as he watched Katniss talk. He could remember the intense embarrassment he'd felt when he watched all this the first time around, but with Katniss curled against his side and her small hand on his knee, all he felt was content. "It's actually kind of nice," he said, pressing a kiss to her soft, dark hair. "Yeah," Katniss murmured, and he could feel the vibration of her voice in his chest. "I told you so." "I thought... When I first saw this, it seemed like they'd created a whole fake romance, just for the show." Katniss twisted under his arm so she could look up and meet his eyes, and the expression on her face looked just like the one on the television. "And now?" she asked softly. "Now, it seems..." "Real."