see mommy and Liliana." I lift him easily into my arms and carry him downstairs to the couch. He asks if he can watch TV and so I get him a blanket and turn on Disney Junior for him to watch while I go get him something to eat and drink from the kitchen. After a delicious dinner of pizza, salad, bread sticks and fresh baked cookies, all of us join Landon in the living room. Katniss and Haymitch sit with Landon on the couch while Maysilee and I each choose a recliner to sit on. Liliana starts out playing with her dolls in the middle of the living room carpet but after a while she climbs up into my lap. By 8:30 PM both Liliana and Landon are fast asleep, Liliana in my arms and Landon with his head in Katniss' lap and his legs draped over Haymitch's legs. "She sure fell asleep early tonight!" Haymitch points out to Katniss and me. He's right though. Ever since Liliana turned eight she's been trying to convince us to let her stay up to at least nine. She's had me wrapped around her little finger ever since she was born so she usually comes to me first when she wants something. Katniss is usually the one who tells her when she needs to go to bed early. "I think she's just exhausted. She's had a very long day." Katniss tells him. "What happened?" Katniss' eyes meet mine across the room. I can see the concern and exhaustion in her eyes. "Sienna unknowingly spilled the beans about the attack on the bus ride home today and so Katniss and I spent the afternoon telling her the true story." I tell him. "Oh the poor thing! That must have been hard for her to hear. And you too! Are you both okay after reliving those memories?" I look to Katniss and she takes a deep breath and nods. "Yeah we're alright I think. The hardest part is trying to explain it to a child. Our own child. We don't want to frighten her or cause her to have nightmares because of it." "And knowing that we are going to have to do this all over again with Landon and then with Mia and Micah when they are old enough." Katniss adds. I nod my head in agreement. "Yeah that too." "You'll tell them the same things you told Liliana when the time is right." Maysilee tells us reassuringly. "Now I know that I haven't known either of you as long as Haymitch, but I've known you long enough to know how brave, strong and in love you are and what amazing and loving parents you are to these children. You've both been through truly horrific things in your pasts but you've lived through them and survived and I think you are stronger now than ever because of what you've endured in life. And you have one another for support. You also have us and Peeta's father to support you whenever you need it!" "Thanks Maysilee!" I say as I give her a smile. Moments later we hear one of the twins, most likely Mia, crying through the baby monitor. "It's that time again!" Katniss admits through a tired yawn. "Yeah it is. I'll help you and we'll get some sleep as soon as they are asleep, at least for a few hours anyways." "Yeah, until the midnight feeding." Katniss laughs. I know this is exhausting for her and I wish that I could do more to help. We both stand up and so do Haymitch and Maysilee. "We'll put these two to bed for you so that's one thing you don't have to worry about tonight. I'll take Landon and Maysilee can get Liliana tucked in." Haymitch offers. "We appreciate that, really." "Don't mention it! That's what grandparents are for!" Maysilee helps Katniss on the stairs and Haymitch carries Landon up while I carry Liliana to her room. "Got to call Sienna back… I promised her…" Liliana murmurs quietly as I lay her down on her bed. "Don't worry sweetie, I'll call Hopper and tell him that you're asleep and that you'll talk to Sienna tomorrow." "Okay… I love you daddy!" "I love you too Lily-bug! Sweet dreams!" About an hour later, Katniss and I lie curled up in one another's arms as we try to get a few precious hours of sleep before one of the twin's wakes us up again. "We made it through the first one huh?" Katniss asks as she softly runs her fingertips up and down the fine hair on my arm. "Yeah we did. It went a little easier than I expected but I still want to talk to Liliana tomorrow and make sure that she understood everything and that we didn't scare or worry her too much." I tell her as I gently kiss her forehead. "That's a good idea. She didn't really ask many questions today and that kind of worried me." "Me too. But she'll be okay. She has us and we'll help her get through it. We'll help all of them get through it. We're in this together." "Together." I really hope that you enjoyed this first WHH one shot! Liliana's POV was fun to write! I owe a very special thank you to christyjosh4eva for everything you've done to help and support me as I wrote this over the past few weeks! Thanks again to all of you for reading! ***** I have been thinking about some more future one shot ideas that I am going to write in the 'Whatever Happens Here' universe. I haven't come up with any specific ideas yet though! If you have any ideas for one shots that you'd like to see me write, leave me a personal message or a review and I will definitely consider all your ideas. I'd love to write more! *****Please leave me a quick review! I always love reading your reviews!