As the weeks turn into months I realize that it is possible that life can be good again and that I shouldn't give up on a life that hasn't given up on me. ~EPILOGUE~FOURTEEN YEARS LATER~ Looking back on my life fourteen years ago, I never saw a future for myself. I came within inches of ending my life and struggled for months and months to regain my self-worth and my self-esteem. In the beginning, after that awful day in April 2001, what I thought about myself was so negative that I didn't think I deserved anyone's love or friendship, even the love of my own family. That spring was beyond a doubt the darkest months of my life. I closed myself off from everyone. I didn't want to hurt them like I was hurting. I felt that if I couldn't even protect and watch over my younger sister, how could I be a good daughter for my parents or a good friend to my friends? I felt that I wasn't deserving of their love or friendship and that they deserved better than me. But over time, my therapist helped me to realize that what my sister was doing to herself was out of my control and that I couldn't completely stop her. He helped me to realize that I wasn't to blame for her actions. Granted, I know now that I never should have left her at home alone and I should have said something to my mom about how my gut feeling suspected that something wasn't right, but at the time I was naive and I couldn't see the future. I didn't realize things could or would get as bad as they did. I've learned so much since then, and I've also forgiven myself. Another thing I learned through my journey of recovery and therapy is that it takes ten times longer to put yourself back together than it does to fall apart. It's been a long road but I haven't been traveling it alone. Confiding in my three best friends and my parents saved my life. If it wasn't for my family, especially my mom, and my friends Cressida, Johanna, and Peeta, I honestly don't know where I would be today. Prim ended up getting the help she needed as well and is now doing great things in the nation's military. She never attempted suicide again after that night but she fought her own long, personal battle to get back to being herself again. One thing that still bothers me to this day is that I can't talk to her about anything regarding what either of us went through. I've never been able to talk to her about what she was feeling and thinking during those months and she doesn't know most of what I felt or experienced either. Nevertheless, I'm very proud of her and of how she has turned her life around since that night. She's been dating a man she met in the service and I'm pretty sure he's going to ask her to marry him very soon. My parents and I have always had a good relationship, especially my mom. If anything, the events of that spring in 2001 brought us even closer together. I tell my mom practically everything. There is still one major exception though. I have never been able to tell either of my parents about the walk home that night or my near suicide attempt. Some part of me has always felt guilty for that but I just couldn't bring myself to tell them. Johanna moved across the United States after high school but we continue to be good friends to this day. We visit each other once in a while and talk on the phone and via Skype often. As for Cressida and Peeta, well, I'm happy to say that I am now officially a Mellark too. Peeta and I began dating my sophomore year of high school and two years after I graduated we were married. We enjoyed married life together for three years and then started our own family in 2009. Our daughter, who is a mini me with Peeta's striking blue eyes, was born late that fall and then our son followed three years later. He is a mini Peeta with my steel gray eyes. They are total opposites in just about every way, but they are the closest brother and sister I have ever seen. Peeta and I are truly blessed. Cressida is now a cousin by marriage and still remains my best friend to this day. She is also the godmother of my children. They call her auntie Cressida because she basically is their aunt. She and Nick married five years ago and are now expecting their first children, a set of identical twin girls. As Nick and Finn always liked to say, twins have more fun. I'm very excited, because now I get to be an aunt! I continued seeing Dr. Aurelius once a week for about a year but eventually my sessions with him came to an end. He felt like I was doing well and didn't need the therapy any longer. About a year after that, I decided to stop taking the Prozac. I didn't like the cloudy feeling it was giving me. I still have days where I feel down for no good reason and I have some flashbacks once in a while, particularly when I hear something or see something that is a depression or suicide trigger for me, but thankfully those moments are now pretty rare. When I do have them, both my parents, Peeta, Cressida, and Johanna are always there for me. They give me time, love, and support. And they always reassure me of what I learned years before, life can be good again. For me, it finally is good again. Thank you for reading! Please take a moment to leave a review! The reviews motivate me to want to write even more Everlark stories!