to bed completely naked, I wrap my arms around Katniss' waist. We always spoon when we sleep together although this is the first time we've done it without clothes. It doesn't take long for me to drift off into dreams filled of a future where Katniss and I are actually together. I wake up bright and early the next day at five in the morning out of habit. As a baker I'm up before the sun more often than not. I usually don't mind but once I realize where I am and remember what transpired last night I curse my profession. I have to open the bakery this morning so there is no way I can stay in bed even though there is nowhere else I would rather be. Katniss and I really need to talk about what happened last night so I decide to wake her up before I leave. She isn't much of a morning person therefore I playfully draw circles on her stomach to arouse her. "Hey, you." I greet when she stirs. "Hey. What time is it?" She glances over my shoulder to check her alarm clock which causes me to chuckle. "What the hell are we doing up this early on a Saturday?" "I have to be at the bakery in an hour." I explain. "I thought we should talk about last night before I go." I've never been so fucking nervous in my entire life. "I think we had way too much tequila." "That's a bit of an understatement. What about what happened between us?" I can tell by the change in her facial expression where this conversation is headed. I don't know if my heart can take it. "I value your friendship, Peeta. I can't bear to lose you as a friend. You're my best friend. Neither one of us are good at relationships." Yeah, I think, because I'm in love with her. "So nothing changes?" "Nothing changes. We'll pretend like it never happened." There is no way I can stay in this room any longer. I quickly kiss her forehead before jumping out of bed and throwing on my clothes. "I'll talk to you later, Katniss."My hand is on her door knob when she calls my name forcing me to turn around and acknowledge her. "Are we ok?" "Of course. You're still my best friend and don't you forget it. I would stay and hang out but I'm the boss so I really shouldn't be late for my shift." The next few weeks are perhaps the worst weeks of my life. I thought it was difficult to be in love with my best friend before but it's even worse now that I know what it's like to be with her. We have amazing chemistry and I know she loves me too. I blame that stupid prick Gale she dated years ago. It didn't end well between them so now she thinks every relationship is doomed. She's destined to be miserable and alone. I really should wise up, realize it's never going to happen. I have got to get over her. Finnick O'Dair was my roommate throughout all four years of college. We're still really good friends. Finn is a chick magnet. I'm a man and I know he's good looking. He has bronzed colored hair, sea green eyes and a swimmer's body probably because he is a swimmer. He makes for the perfect wing man even though he is completely committed to his girlfriend Annie Cresta. I actually talked him into ditching Annie tonight and going out with me to the bar. I persuaded him by explaining I need to get over Glimmer when the truth is I could care less about her. I need to get over Katniss. Finn and Annie live together anyway so it's not like he's going home with anyone else. "I'm surprised you're so upset over this break up, Peet. I've never seen you take a break up this hard and to be honest I really didn't think you gave a shit about Glimmer." Finnick confesses as he passes me my fifth beer of the night. I almost divulge what happened between me and Katniss but she would probably hate me for it. "Yeah, me too." It's lame but it's the only response I can manage. "I'll be right back. I've got to go to the bathroom." He nods but doesn't call me out on my bluff. I need to compose myself before I really do let it slip. The line for the ladies room is down the hall which isn't really a surprise. I stroll past the drunken women not even giving any of them a second glance. I guess I'm not doing very well in my quest to get over Katniss. I'm lost in my own thoughts when I swing open the door to the men's room. "Shit! I'm sorry!" I quickly cover my eyes and turn around. There is a woman in the middle of the room pulling up her jeans. "I didn't see anything, I swear." She giggles behind me. "You can turn around. I'm decent now." I do as she says but I'm having trouble meeting her eyes. "What are you doing in the men's room anyway?" I ask while she washes her hands. "Did you see the line for the girls?" "Well, you could have at least locked the door." "It doesn't lock. My friend Leevy was supposed to be keeping a look out but apparently she's preoccupied. You know you can look at me now." I force myself to meet her eyes and I'm pleasantly surprised when I do. She's a very pretty girl with blue eyes that mirror my own. Her golden hair is curled loosely past her shoulders. She's wearing very little make up but she doesn't need it. She seems laid back and carefree in her black sweater and dark washed jeans. "I'm Delly by the way. Delly Cartwright." She offers me her hand. "Peeta. Peeta Mellark."