too much of a lady. "There's personal lubricant in the bedside table." He makes a little growling noise and presses his thumb against her clit. She grinds against it hard, a little gasp escaping her mouth. She doesn't mean to keep pushing against him. Tonight was supposed to be about him but she does love his hands. He removes his hand suddenly and that's okay because she's almost wet enough for him. Then he grabs her clit between his thumb and his forefinger and gives it a tug. She doesn't mean to cry out but she does. Her arms give out and she's hot and trembling as he rolls his thumb gently over her clit. He plunges two fingers into her and she bares down on him, shoulders scrunched up by her ears. "Better?" he asks, his voice dark and rough. She opens her mouth to say yes but only a little whimper escapes. Still shaking, she sits up and takes his cock in hand. She takes a couple of breaths, hoping to calm the blood rushing in her ears, then she sinks down on him. Their groans mingle as she adjusts to the feel of him. She sets a slow pace, rising and falling in time with his breath. But he just sits there as she rolls her hips against him. He just sits there with one hand curled around the whiskey and the other around her hip. He just sits there and watches her as she breathes faster, as one of her hands works her clit and the other squeezes her nipples. He watches her face intently only occasionally dropping his gaze to her breasts or groaning when he sees where they are joined, where her wetness has spilled over onto him. He is too docile for her liking. She wants him to fight, so she clenches around him as tightly as she can and his only reaction is to let his eyes flutter shut. He squeezes her hip tighter and opens his eyes with obvious effort. She can feel how close he is, how hard he is, how tight his balls are. And she's close too. She lets her head loll forward, heavy with the weight of pleasure and the pain of being so close to him, so close to her orgasm and so far away that it feels as though she will never reach either. He raises his hand and the bottle along with it and tips her chin up until her heavy eyes are looking at him. There's something softer in his gaze than she's ever seen and she's not ready for it. She has loved him for eight torturous, lonely years but tonight she's not ready for him to love her back. Not tonight, not after he's done whatever it is he's just done with some stranger. He grabs her hips, whiskey splashing on her side and thrusts hard into her. She shrieks a little, her hands dropping to his chest to support her weight. She rotates her hips forward so that her clit rubs against the little mound of fat just above his cock. She's so close now and her eyes are burning and her throat is so tight that she's afraid that it might be closing off. Her breath is escaping in painful little huffs as the first wave of her orgasm hits her. The angle isn't great and she thinks that there might not be anything else coming until he pulls her down hard against him. His cock touches the most sensitive part inside of her and instead of crying out, she's crying. Her whole body convulses in a loud sob that wracks through her. Her hips twitch against him and the stimulation sends a hundred little shock waves through her and each wave unleashes a tear. She tries to cover her face but she's too late. Haymitch starts to say her name but her internal muscles hold him tight within her and suddenly, he's coming too. His hips jerk against her and his back arches as he calls her name. The bottle of whiskey falls to the floor and she can hear it spilling its contents. She collapses back on his chest and pulls him tight to her. She had been so worried about the sex that she hadn't even considered that he could have died. They could have made him fight another victor or do something stupid and dangerous. She thinks that she'd willingly heal all of his wounds, if he just stays alive. "Okay, sweetheart?" he pants, as his soft cock slips out of her. "I am fine, Haymitch. I suddenly remembered a time when I wore coral with burgundy. Can you imagine? I am so ashamed. I cannot believe I'm telling another living soul about it," she murmurs against his warm, live, living chest. He chuckles and wraps an arm around her. Her hands wander over his body, her fingers tangle in his chest hair, and her lips press against every inch of skin they can reach. The sleepiness starts to soak in and she fights it, because whether their Tributes win or lose, they only have a short amount of time together. "Promise me you won't do anything stupid," she finally says. She might not be ready for him to love her but she'll never be ready to lose him. There is a long pause, heavy with all of the things she wants to say. But he is the one who breaks it. Curling his arm tighter around her, he says, "I already have." And she's not sure if he means that he did something stupid with the sponsor or if he means by being here, so close to her. She presses a kiss to his chest and stays awake until his breathing slows. When he finally sleeps, she plans for their victory-this year or the next. She'll get each one of them a token. A golden token because gold is forever and so are they.