Mr. Greyson?" asks Anna, who seems a little distraught that someone so young would be reaped. Oh, so she's sad for him, but not me?! I'm young too! Is this how it'll be? I'm tempted to stick my tongue out at her, but resist. No one volunteers, so I have to shake Greysons finger, refusing to touch his sweaty, snot covered, pudgy palm. "Panem! Your District 5 1000th Hunger Games tributes!" yells Anna. District 5 will be winning. District 6 Devon Bochner: I wake up in my Mama and Papa's bed. They wanted me to sleep with them tonight. They seem pretty scared. I'm scared. Because they're scared. The big bad thing everyone fears is happening. I don't know exactly what it is, but they say it could happen to me. So I'm scared. They're going to explain more to me, though. And I'm smarter than they think. I think. Reaping Devon Bochner: Mama told me that I could be famous in Panem. But, this way wouldn't be good, because I could get very hurt, all though I'm only six. She said if I get chosen to be one of the people to be famous, that I'll have to pay attention to people called,"mentors and district escorts." And, I'd have to try to win over the Capitol. I know more about what she was talking about than what I led on. I have to see this famous-making thing on the screen, like everyone else. I know people die in the famous-making, because they stopped moving when there was the sickly red stuff on them. I don't like it, like everyone else in the District. But, before the sickly red stuff, there are pretty costumes. I like that, but what made me not like it is the look on the faces of the people in the costumes. They look scared and sad. I don't like that. And I don't like how they were being set up. Because after the pretty was the bad. After the costumes are the sickly red stuff. And I know that this is called, "The Hunger Games," because the teachers teach it. But they're sad when they teach it. Mama shakes me and I open my eyes. She brushes a strand of long wavy blonde hair behind my ear, and then motions for me to get up. I sit up and follow her and Papa out of the bedroom and towards the dining room. Mama quickly makes breakfast, which is a slice of district bread with blueberries from our blueberry bush on top. But she gives me a slice and a half of a slice. Because of what day it is. "Thank you, Mama. Thank you, Papa," I say. They just smile at me. We munch our breakfast, and when we're done, Mama gets me dressed. She puts a light blue dress with red flowers on me, and a white head-band with a white bow on my head. She then carefully brushes my hair. "It's time to go," Papa says in a sad voice. "Papa, to the square?" I ask. "Yes, my darling girl." Mama picks me up and hugs me, and Papa joins, putting his arms around us both. I hug them super tight, and hope, for their sake, I'm not chosen. We walk to the square, me in the middle, holding their hands, and all of us swinging our arms. "Darling, get in this line," Papa says bringing me to a line of children. "And let the peacekeeper do what he wants," he adds. I walk over to the line and see children wince as they get closer. And I do the same as they stick a long pointy thing into my finger. I wince. Then I walk over to a group of crowded kids my age, and they're all crying, so I try to comfort them the best I can. The mayor makes a speech and I'm starting to tear up from the blood and horrible gore and war they show on a screen. There's even pictures of a little girl like me getting shot. "Hello, District 6!" yells a lady, a very short lady with bright neon clothes that flash colored lights and hurt my eyes. "Well, I'd like to wish all luck, and get on with the reaping! Well, the District 6 female tribute is..." she picks out a slip. "Devon Bochner!" No! No,no,no,no,no, she couldn't have said my name! I can't leave my family. I can't leave my home. There must be another Devon Bochner? But, no. And I start crying. Weeping. And I walk to the stage, a ball of tears, horrible. I'll... I'lll-I don't want to admit it, but I'll meet a worse fate than the girl my age on the slide show. The same one.. but in a worse way. "Any volunteers?" asks the women, who seems a little sad that I was reaped, and is probably hoping for an exciting volunteer. "No? Alright then! And the male tribute is..." she picks out a handful of slips, and lets all but one fall to the ground. Carefully reading it, she says, "Jerry Tubman!" I don't know a Jerry Tubman. But he comes up. A shaking mess, even though I probably look worse than him, I feel instantly bad for him. He doesn't deserve this. He comes out of the 11-year-old section. He should be safe for another year! His innocent freckles and wide teary brown eyes and ruffled curly blonde hair. And his family, how do they feel that their oh so young son was reaped? His family...my family. Oh, my mommy, my daddy, how can I leave them? And I somehow find them in the crowd. And they're crying. Crying and crying and crying, and I match their crying. All three of us all crying. Even as the lady asks for volunteers, doesn't receive any, announces us being the tributes, and leads us into the building, we're crying together. We'll always be together. Even if I will..die.