kind of strange for the district escort to reap a tribute named Hunger-GamesLover101? Make sure you include a first and last name! Tell me a bit about your personality. Maybe even role play a situation that would happen in real life and I can see how you will react! XD Please try to be truthful. If your not, you might as well submit to a SYOT a made-up character. Describe your looks a bit. If your uncomfortable which giving away how you look, just give me a general thing (for ex: long brown hair, dark brown eyes, extremely tall, pale skin, skinny features) and I'll fill in the blanks! Tell me some of your skills that could help in the games. Even things that could seem insignificant could help! Have you ever gone rock-climbing or wall-climbing and were exceptionally good, or we're super bad, slipped, and cried? (The second one would be me :/ I was really young! And I'm afraid of heights... only man made ones though I love nature and natural heights like mountain or waterfall is cooool I'd probably be bad at mountain climbing though) Have you shot an arrow at camp? Maybe your very good at painting and art and could therefore be good at camo? Have you gone camping and know how to make a fire? Maybe throwing darts is a hobby of yours? Maybe you dream of becoming a doctor and have studied medics. May you were on a swim team and won some medals? Say weaknesses also. Are you very sensitive to the sun? Are you afraid of drowning, or feint at blood? For your age, if your below 12 just say 12 or 13, and if your above 18 just say your 18 or 17 or something. If you don't feel comfortable giving your age, just give an accurate range, like 12-14 if your 12 or 15-17 if your 16 and I'll pick one. Godd I just read over the chapter 1 and I seem pretty depressed, trust me, I'm just scared in it! I mean theres been sad things in my life but I'm a pretty optimistic person! I'll probably squeeze myself into a liquid and pour myself into the other chapters about me. Some things I've never told anyone and I'll tell you guys in this story... Oh ya if you haven't guessed Celeste Horn is me. By the way Horn is not my real last name. I used a last name generator. ;P In your submission include what district you think best has your skills. District 4 girl is taken and so is District 7 girl. You can take a which district are you from? quiz but I find those aren't the most accurate, at least not for me. List 2-3 (or more!) districts in order of preference or not in order incase that one is taken. And say why you should be in that district. Not oh my god, Katniss was in district 12 and she's cool so I have to be in district 12! Not oh district 2 is cool because they're strong if your scrawny and weak and would be afraid to even lay a finger on a weapon. I will be writing most of the chapters, and Elphie (Elphaba01) has been a real help! Thanks Elphie! XDD you guys should really check out her stories! She's a great writer :) I'm thinking that everyone writes their own reaping and I can base the rest of of how they acted in the reaping? Base your reaping please off of mine- have yourself read the book, then you get sucked in, but the 'sucking' can happen differently if you'd like, like you could feel bliss, or maybe you see past hunger games images flash before your eyes or whatever. Then do your reaping. Don't include your district partner getting reaped, because you don't know who he is or how he'll react-if your a girl. If your a girl you can send your thing right away, if your a guy wait until your girl partner is posted and you can react to her reaping. You probably won't know that she is a fanfiction writer and she is maybe your fanfiction friend, so don't be like "oh my god it's Hunger-GamesLover101 how is this happening?!" You may do first or third or second or whatever person, what ever piques your fancy, as long as its in story form and not a script or poem or whatever ;) I'm going to be only writing in third person though. There will be special chapters later with guest writers who write themselves! Please submit! I'll be sending this to everyone who basically knows of my story 300th Hunger Games recently re-named They're Always Watching (which you should check out by the way! -no product placement here!) and I'll post this is an author note in that story for everyone who I didn't PM because I don't know how to do a mass PM-can you do one?- and I'll probably miss someone. If you don't want to do this it's fine, just please don't be rude about it! Thank you so much! Also tell me if you'd want to do anything you think only you would know how to do for yourself, like your private session or interview or even your point of view of the bloodbath. Usually you should PM me if you want to write a special chapter, but if I would like a specific person to do a special chapter I'll probably PM them but they don't have to write the chapter if they don't want to! Also if you don't want to write your reaping or/and getting sucked into book then just make your description for your self very descriptive! You can include more information on yourself like what you think your score would be for private session you could again take one of those quizzes but it's not ENTIRELY accurate. Thank you so much and thank you! xD