I shouldn't make an impact. Back home, everyone's afraid of me. It's only because I give them a reason to be, though. I pick on them, most of the time when I'm drunk (which is a lot), and I seem to have a talent of hurting people, both emotionally and physically. And that's only going to become worse when I have to deal with withdrawal. But, hey, at least they're skills I can use in the Arena. I am the alpha male. I am the strongest, fastest, and smartest, and nothing will ever stop me. PRIDE'S POV Pride Davison. Loyal boyfriend. Spectacular friend. Loving brother. Wonderful son. District 1's hero. District 1 male (and future Victor) of the 41st Hunger Games. Tall. Ripped. Handsome. Popular. Brilliant. Perfectly cocky. Soft blonde hair. Winning, beautiful blue eyes. Did I mention ripped? The Hunger Games is in my blood. Sure, nobody from my family has won exactly, but I'm about to change that: for good. I don't care about any of these tributes back home! I have a sexy girlfriend back home and I'm going to win the Games for her, and for my parents, who are oh-so-proud of me, and for all my friends from the Academy. What puts me above the others is that I don't care about any of them! I would kill the losers who are my "alliance" day one, except for the fact that then I would have no puppets to manipulate and play with. The point is that I don't have a problem with killing. It's what I've been taught to do from the time I was just two years old to now. I've watched replays of every single Hunger Games, taking tactics into view, and fighting skills. I've spent many long nights at the Academy, being by myself until three in the morning training. I am ready for these Games. I've put in the work, and I'm already so awesome that I am going to win. Even in our alliance, I am the alpha male. The leader. Because I am the strongest, fastest, and the smartest, and nothing will ever stop me! They all think they're so good, but none of them are anything compared to me. My whole alliance: along with all the other shitty tributes here in this Arena with us: can just cower in my enormous shadow and hope that I choose to kill them all quickly. But all they can do is hope. This is a fight to the death, and in fights to the death, there is no room for mercy. JOSIE'S POV Josie Tarver. Friend. Daughter. Prostitute. District 9 female tribute in the 41st Hunger Games. Short. Skinny. Busty. Manipulative. Clever to get what I want. Wavy, light brown hair. Light brown eyes. District 9 sucks. The days are long and hot, the work hours literally take forever. And I don't get to stop working in the day. I have to spend my nights in some random house of someone I've never met before, exposing my body. That's where I'll wake up. That's where I'll have to try to find the money. That's where I'll have to flee from without waking anyone up. It's a tricky task, and never a fun one. But it's something I've always had to do. Being a Victor has to be better than the life I've been living now. There are rumors going around the District that Victors are sold into prostitution, but at least, even if that was the case, I wouldn't have to work the next morning. I could just sleep in the days, have sex in the nights. Yeah, it'll suck, but I'd do anything to get out of the life I lived before I got reaped. TO win the Hunger Games, you have to kill, which I'm actually Ok with. Let's get blood on our hands, why don't we!? Let's manipulate some guys with seduction to get what we want, why don't we!? Just because my life sucks doesn't mean I'm nice. In fact, I'm going to be a total bitch in the Arena, just like I am back home, because this is a fight to the death, and in fights to the death, there is no room for mercy. All of these guys are going to die, and I don't give a damn who kills them, though it might be good if it was by my hand. Happy Hunger Games. A/N: Yay! Alright, so for those of you interested in sponsoring tributes (when the time is right, I suppose), I have the list of what you can do and how many points it will get you! Also, I'll carry over the scores from before. Any review you leave on this story will get you 5 points immediately. Long reviews with advice and opinions get an additional 5 points. A favorite for the story will be 4 points. A follow will get you 2 points. Leaving a review on another one of my stories will get you 10 points per story. Ooo! I also might post concept art for the Arena/characters to Tumblr. A like will be worth 3 points and a reblog will be worth 5. Add a comment and I might give you extra because I really like that stuff… :X Also, every chapter, I'm going to ask a question. There are no right/wrong answers, I just really want to know what you think. Answer the question and I'll give you 7 points. Speaking of, before scores, HERE is the chapter question: Which two of the POV's above stood out to you the MOST? Here are the scores from Voices. BUT IT'S NOT TOO LATE TO GET POINTS! GUESTS ARE WELCOME AS WELL! Kate: 121 Lgkavanagh22: 19 Dreamer: 132 Jess: 219 maxlvr101: 7 falyn. oliver: 43 seaotter99: 22 Turtlewithwings: 62 Blonde4ever: 62 TheInkBender: 2 swimmyfinnick1: 4 .Strange: 17 Wow, that's a lot of words. Thanks if you read them all. Hopefully I'll put Part 2 up soon ! ~Ciao!