I knew better than to try to understand how people dealt with it individually. When timing allowed me, I escaped outside and away from the sea of black dresses and condolences. Prim was always so much better than I when it came with dealing with people. Paired with Gale, they made quit the polite duo and I trusted them to properly ween the crowd down so Prim and I could figure out what we were supposed to do next. I sat on the back porch stoop and welcomed the bitter bite of winter to envelop me. Luckily, our house was passed down to my parents from my late paternal grandparents so there wouldn't be any banks knocking on our door for mortgage payments. Aside from the mountain of repairs that needed to happen, at least we had a somewhat stable roof over our heads for now. I knew whatever money was left from my dad's life insurance was essentially gone but that wasn't anything new. Prim and I had kept the house running on our paychecks alone and I didn't doubt we could keep going but I struggled to find a reason for us to stay there. I pushed the thoughts out of my head. Problems to think about another day. "You must be freezing." A soft voice helped bring me back into the present. I looked up and saw a face I never wanted to see in this world. Let alone at my house. "Peeta, hey…" I instantly realized that it'd been days since I left my job without a backwards glance and didn't so much as call to let him know what happened or that I wouldn't be coming in. I put my face in my cold hands. "I'm so sorry." He sat next to me on the cracked stoop and put his jacket over my shoulders. "What could you possibly be sorry about, Katniss?" His voice was so soft. It made me feel warm. "Gale told me what happened. I'm so sorry," he said and tentatively put his arm around my shoulders. Without thought, I leaned into him; craving the solace. "He also called and told me your address. I hope that's okay… I really wanted to see that you were okay." I nodded into his shoulder, lacking the energy to shield him from the entire truth of my life anymore. "Thank you for coming." I said simply, putting as much emotion as I could muster into my sincere thanks. He tightened his grip, kissed my forehead and didn't say another word. We sat together in the cold until everyone except Gale and Prim had finally gone. After that day, Peeta became as permanent in my life as my sister and my best friend. I was relieved that he seemed to know all of me after that, though I think he always somehow knew more than he let on. . .. . Christmas Day "Now close your eyes." Peeta said from behind me, his hands cupping my arms at my sides, giving them a loving squeeze. I could hear the smile in his voice. We'd grown closer since the funeral and though we didn't have any actual labels of what we were to each other, I think we both liked the idea of it remaining unsaid. I complied and shut my eyes with a smile on my lips. Moments later I felt a familiar weight on my lap. I couldn't wait for him to ask me to, I opened my eyes and my mouth fell open. Peeta knelt in front of me looking very proud of himself, and in my lap was the very guitar that I stared at through the window the first time I went to Mellark's Music. Gale sat on the fireplace grinning and rolling his eyes. Prim practically squealed with delight at my surprise. "She was meant to be yours all along." Peeta said and handed me a pick. Our lessons were good, but I still doubted I was good enough to even be allowed to play something so beautiful. Words left me, and the only way I could think to show Peeta how much he, and his gift, meant to me was to put all of those words into my lips and press them against his. "You're welcome," he whispered against my mouth when we finally pulled apart after Gale threw a pillow at us. Prim laughed hushed him and for the first time in too long, my broken home didn't feel entirely broken anymore. I glanced at the picture of my parents on the mantle and felt at ease. I wasn't sure I believed in an afterlife but if there was one to have then I believed my mother's soul was finally released to join my father there. The ache of grief would probably never leave my gut, but at that moment it felt dull. Prim teased Gale about a girl named Johanna that he'd been seeing over the last month. Peeta went to check on the dinner he begged us to let him make. I closed my eyes and imagined my parents kissing under the mistletoe that my dad kept in his back pocket to hold over his head every time my mom was particularly annoyed with him. I enjoyed the chatter of the ones I loved the most surrounding me, and sent a silent vow of love to my parents who I hoped were somehow together and close by. I sat up straight, held the guitar in position and strummed a Christmas song. Someday soon, we all will be together if the fates allow So hang a shining star upon the highest bough. And have yourself a merry little Christmas now. End. Authors Note: I am truly sorry if this story seemed rough, it has been quite awhile since I've written anything. Your prompts somehow inspired a story that is quite different than what you were probably expecting, and I hope that's okay. I enjoyed writing this for you!