fault," Katniss stepped in hastily. "No, it's no one's fault. Just the way it is," I snapped. Madge's face became closed off. She gave Katniss money for the berries and wished her luck. We walked towards the Seam in silence. I could tell that from the silence Katniss didn't like me taking a dig at Madge, but I wasn't going to back down and say it's wrong. The reaping system is unfair, with the poor getting the worse. When you turn twelve, your name is entered once. And so on and on until you're eighteen. But say you're starving and poor. Having to feed a family of five single-handedly, there's now forty-two slips of paper with my name on. I signed for tessera since I was twelve, where each tessera is worth a meager year's supply of grain and oil. In exchange, my name went to the reaping pool six times when I was just twelve. I knew my anger at Madge was misdirected. The tesserae were another tool to cause hatred between the starving workers of the Seam and those who can put food on their table with ease. Another way to divide ourselves, and the Capitol knew it. I could feel my face smoldering underneath my stony expression. Katniss and I left two fish, a couple of loaves of bread, greens, a quart of strawberries, salt, paraffin and some money for each. "See you in the square," she said. "Wear something pretty," I said, hoping my tone didn't come out as flat. I failed anyway. At home, I scrubbed off the dirt and sweat from the woods. I even brushed my hair and put on a shirt and a pair of trousers. My mother, brothers and sister are all ready. We sat down and ate the bread from the grain rations, as no one really had an appetite anyway. The greens, fish and fine bread would be for tonight, when we know that we're safe from the reaping. Knowing that the next few hours would be hard for Rory, who's twelve and would be his first reaping, I hugged him and reassured him not to worry. His chances of being reaped are slim, as I didn't and wouldn't let him take any tesserae. "What about you, Gale? Your forty-two slips," he said, sounding more matured than a twelve year old should. I winced a little. Is this what the Capitol robbed from a twelve year old? Their childhood innocence? I shook my head slowly, but said nothing. Most likely my name would be called out, but I didn't want to think of that now. At a quarter after one, we headed for the square. I carried Posy, who trilled over the camera crews and bright banners. I felt a surge of relief and sadness for her. Relief, because her innocence was still in her; sadness, because it would all be robbed from her in a mere few years later. We filed in and silently signed in, resigned to the grim atmosphere. The Capitol kept tabs on the population through the reaping, which irritated me. Like they care. After handing Posy to my mother, I walked off with Rory. He would be standing with other twelve-year-olds at the back. I gave his hand a reassuring squeeze, and walked to the front, exchanging tense nods with other eighteen-year-old boys. I looked around and saw Katniss, standing among the sixteen-year-olds, staring vacantly at the temporary stage, probably at the big glass balls. There's Katniss Everdeen written on twenty slips, and Gale Hawthorne on forty-two slips. I gritted my teeth. When the clock struck two, the mayor began reading the history of Panem, the country that rose from the ashes of a place once called North America. Then came the Dark Days, the uprisings of the districts, where the thirteenth was obliterated. As a reminder that the Dark Days must never be repeated, the Hunger Games were formed. Each district must provide a boy and a girl, called tributes, to participate. They must fight each other to death, with the last tribute standing wins. Whatever they say, the message was clear. "You lift a finger, we destroy you." To make matters worse, we were required to treat it as a celebration . It really is a celebration in the Capitol, where they actually enjoy the blood spilled during the Games. In seventy-four years, District 12 only had two victors. Haymitch Abernathy, a drunk middle-aged man, is the only one alive. He seemed to be fresh from the effects of the drink. The crowd applauded, but he's confused and tried to give Effie Trinket, the District 12 escort, a big hug, and fell into his seat. The mayor looked distressed, though I can't help smirking. Everything was being televised now, and District 12 would be the laughingstock of Panem, and he knew it. He quickly introduced Effie Trinket, who trotted to the podium and said, "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor!" in her irritating high-pitched Capitol accent. I turned to Katniss, who looked back at me, mirroring my ghost of smile. Trust Haymitch Abernathy and Effie Trinket to give you a slight entertainment on reaping day. Then suddenly I was thinking of Katniss' twenty slips and my own forty-two slips, and that the odds were entirely not in our favor, my face darkened and I turned away, clenching my jaw. Effie Trinket crossed to the girls' glass ball, reached in, dug her hand deep into the ball, and pulled out a slip of paper. And I was hoping, hoping, desperately hoping, that it would not be Katniss Everdeen. She crossed back to the podium and smoothed the paper. Effie Trinket's shrill Capitol voice rang through the whole hushed square. And it's not Katniss Everdeen. Not her. The echo of the shrill Capitol voice rang loud, unmistakably clear in my head. It's Primrose Everdeen. A/N :My first fanfic, so do review and tell me what you think! Thanks:)