up with you and your guy friend? Hmmmmm?" Rue doesn't let herself smile, "Who, Skeeter?" "Yeah, him." Rue shrugs. "We've been best friends since we were 5. We've been through a lot together. We were always misinterpreted for brother and sister, we spent so much time together. We always sang together in our elementary and middle school musicals." "How come I never saw you?" "In middle school, we had to sing in the choir in 5th grade." Nathalia nods, "I see. That's cool. But, you know, if you ever wanted help to impress him, I can totally help." Rue makes a face, "Nah, we're just friends. Is that really all that you do with your adopted freshmen? Get them a boyfriend?" She laughs, "I can do whatever you want me to! I'll answer questions, show you off to all my friends, give you the birds and the bees if you need it. I can teach you important life skills, too." Rue is a little weirded out. "Like... What?" Nathalia shrugs, "Like how to deal with certain teachers, or how to kiss boys, or even how to give a spectacular blowjob." Rue gives a confused look, "A what?" Nathalia puts her hands over her little freshman's ears, laughing. "Never mind! You're so cute, do you know that?" Rue doesn't say the word out loud, but takes a mental note. "If you want, I can even make you... Popular!" She shows Rue a big make-up brush. "I think I'll pass. On ALL of those things." Meanwhile, on the other side of the room, Theo sits across from Skeeter. "So, Skeeter, how did you get sucked into glee club?" "What?" "Come on, no guy in their right mind would be caught dead in glee club, unless they have a good reason." Skeeter knows he best not tell the truth, and shrugs, "It looks good on a resume." Theo whispers, "I'll let you in on a secret. The only reason I joined glee club is because Athena is doing it." "Who's Athena? I thought Nathalia-" "She's my sister, he explains. "Athena is the cute one with the short hair. She's a junior, and in love with the most popular guy in her grade, Vick, even though he's a huge douchebag-" Skeeter's never heard that word before. "What's that?" "What?" "What's a douchebag?" he asks. Theo's eyes grow, filling with laughter. He puts a hand over Skeeter's mouth. "Don't repeat that," he laughs. "But, what is it?" Theo laughs harder. "It's not a nice word." "Um... Ok?" Skeeter is weirded out. "So, anyways, why did YOU do glee club?" "I told you already-" "Bullsh... Crap. Bull... Crap." Skeeter decides to be honest, "I did it because Rue did it. She's funny, and so sweet all the time, and nice. And so..." "Sexy?" "I would say... Cute." "I knew there was a reason!" Skeeter sighs, already regretting saying it out loud. "But, I'm much too young for those feelings. Right?" Theo sighs, "Let me tell you something, Skeeter. You're a freshman now. You are on the road to maturity, right?" "Sure, I guess. But, I don't even know what a-" Theo clasps his hand over Skeeter's mouth. "You haven't gotten the birds and the bees yet, have you?" Skeeter sighs, "No." Theo nods, "Thought so. Anyways, those feelings are normal in teenage boys, and trust me, as you go through your high school life, and that childhood bestie begins to... Mature... Then, it gets much harder to hide your feelings." "Why would it be harder?" Theo chuckles, "Ask your mom." Skeeter now feels like a little child, but mostly curious. "So, now that we've shared secrets, and I've let you in on a little insight, then I guess you're my freshman, right?" Skeeter's heard of this tradition of adopting freshmen, and nods uncertainly. "That's the spirit! Sometime, you'll have to come over, and I can tell you all the little dirty secrets I know." "Dirty secrets? Like what, the best way to stain your jeans?" Theo laughs loudly now, "Sure, it'll include staining clothes, alright." Skeeter nods, "It's chocolate sauce, by the way." "No, I know a better way." Now Skeeter is really confused. "I don't get it." Theo writes something in Skeeter's notebook. "Here's my number. Text me up sometime." Skeeter nods. Both Rue and Skeeter are relieved to see each other again, and especially relieved when the seniors go back to their karaoke. Soon, the first day is over. The kids are on their ways home. Gloss takes Marvel and Clove home, but Cato and Glimmer have disappeared. "I hate it when those two ABANDON us to have SEX!" Marvel shouts angrily. "They're so obnoxious. And I can't believe that Glimmer bitch STOLE CATO!" Marvel looks at her, "You love Cato?" Clove's face turns red. "Well..." "What would you say if I said I wanted to break them up?" Clove's face now takes on an evil smirk. "I'd be on board. As long as I get Cato in the end." Marvel returns her smirk. "Let's meet in the alley tomorrow after school. We'll talk there." They grin as Gloss speeds down the road, coming to a screeching stop at Clove's house. She winks at him as she's greeted by her dog. On the bus, Katniss and her friends chat excitedly about their awesome days. Rory complains to Prim about how hard these classes are going to be. Poppy decides to watch out the window today, putting her notebook back in her backpack. Peeta and Mason catch up on the rest of the day, about Katniss in Peeta's art class and the hot drum major Francesca, who Mason gets to work with every day, and stare at as long as he wanted without being weird. In the very front seat, Rue and Skeeter has a giggly conversation about the crazy seniors that have adopted them, and lunch. Then they all go home. Skeeter uneasily puts Theo's number in his phone, throwing a text his way.