then he sucks her clit into his mouth. She cries out and throws her leg over his shoulder, grinding hard against him. He grabs her hips, pulls her closer to him and sucks harder. Her wetness soaks his stubble as he changes position, rising up so he can slip a finger into her hot cunt. He curls his finger slightly and drags it until he feels a rough patch of skin; he rubs it with the pad of his finger and she chokes out a sob. He adds another finger and begins pumping as her cunt clenches around his fingers and her juices start to trickle down his arm. She tugs on his hair and he smiles against her, thrusting his fingers harder inside of her. "Haymitch, stop," she pants. He freezes and looks up at her, absolutely terrified of what she's going to say next. "I want you inside of me." He's already anticipating a dozen cutting, dismissive things she could say, so this throws him for a loop. He stays there for a moment then her words sink into his bones and he's on fire from the inside out. He crawls on top of her and without thinking, he kisses her deeply. He wonders for a fraction of a second if she'll be disgusted by the taste of herself on his lips. But she just pulls him closer. Her hands run up and down his back as he grabs blindly for the condom that's somewhere on the sheets. He grasps the foil packet and tears it in two, rolling the condom over his cock and pinching the tip while they break for air. He hesitates for a moment above her, ready to stop, when she says, "Is this what you want?" and takes ahold of him. His throat is dry and he chokes when he swallows but he manages to croak, "Yes." Then she guides him into her, raising her hips to meet him. When he had been between her legs, he'd almost forgotten how fucking hard and aching he was. Her tightness alleviates some of the throbbing but he wants to move in her so badly, he can almost taste it. She starts to rotate and grind her hips against him even before her internal muscles have adjusted to him. She's making these little whimpering noises that make his cock jump as he drops his hand and starts to rub her clit. Her muscles relax enough for him to move, so he starts with slow, shallow thrusts. He buries his face in her neck, inhaling her sweet scent as he tries to pace himself. She feels like heaven, she feels so much better than his hand and his dreams. They move slowly in concert with one another until she sits up and grabs his ass, pulling him towards her roughly. He's not sure what she wants until she gasps, "Harder, Haymitch." She looks at him from under hooded lids, her eyes black. He pushes deep into her, as hard as he can. She digs her nails into him as he pulls back and grabs her thigh, hooking her knee on his elbow so that he goes deeper with every thrust. They find their rhythm together, only their panting and moans asynchronous. With a harsh cry, she arches against him and clenches down hard. She bats his hand away from her clit as her hips jerk against his. He moans loudly and increases the pace until his vision flashes white and something deep in his gut unspools. He collapses next to her feeling completely undone. As his breathing slows, he feels her fingers brush against the base of his cock, making his thighs spasm. She laughs a little as she rolls the condom off of him and ties it off. "I'm going to go, you know," she says, gesturing towards the bathroom. "Stay," he says, fighting the urge to sleep. She laughs again, "I'm not leaving. I'm just not going to get a UTI so that we can cuddle. I'll be back." She climbs out of bed and he watches her shapely ass disappear around the corner. He crawls under the covers, wincing as he realizes that he might actually have to wash his sheets in the morning. Worth it, he thinks, pulling back the sheets to make room for Effie. The toilet flushes and the sink turns on and his heart thumps hard in his chest. He considers pretending to be asleep so that he doesn't have to speak to Effie. He's not sure what he's supposed to say now that he's fucked his best friend. Although, he has to own that he thinks he did a pretty good job of it. Effie comes back into the room cautiously. She picks up her panties but cringes when she touches the fabric. "I should go get something clean to wear," she says, folding the underwear and grabbing her dress. "Fuck that," he replies, "Come to bed. There's no dress code." She gives him an exasperated look but she puts down her clothes and lays down next to him. He covers her with the blanket even though he's burning up. "So, I guess you'll be avoiding me more now, huh? Probably just upped the awkwardness factor by like a hundred," she says, looking at the ceiling. "At least you didn't say that you loved me," he replies, turning towards her. She tenses for a second then says, "I've told you that I love you a hundred times." He flops on his back. "It's not the same," he says. There's a pause. "You don't think so?" she replies. Her voice is thick like she's about to cry. He's not sure what to do with his body. So he says it again. "I love you, Effie." Time expands and every second feels like a decade. Another decade alone, spent pushing people away until Effie's fingers touch his own under the covers. "Love you more," she says, giving his hand a squeeze.