one, but if I happen to meet that someone in a fight to the death? It would most certainly mean that I would die. And my dying leaves all my loved ones here without me, feeling like it was their faults (because it was). I struggle with this. Then I finally force my hand to put Drake's hook on the anti-volunteering side. I pick up the glass flower next. You could be humiliated in death. I've already been humiliated in life. But the problem is that, if I died… Dutch and Dad and Nick would be humiliated. I would, once again, have expectations to live up to that I would fail to succeed. Just like always. And then… Who knows what would happen to my family? They would be laughed at by everyone at the Academy. Their opinions wouldn't matter ever again, all because of their failure, Osmium. But that's only if I lose. If I win, all four of us would be showered with fame, fortune, and glory. We would practically be worshipped. Maybe Dutch would smile more often. Maybe it'd be easier to make Dad laugh. Maybe Nick's eyes wouldn't always look so heavy. I would love to live in that world. I put the flower on the pro-volunteering side of the bed. Now it's three against one. I close my eyes and imagine Elijah's soft cat. Nick has it now, so I'll have to pretend. I think of what Elijah would say to me, if he were here. Your innocence will be destroyed. Good. I'm sick of being naïve, and I'm sick of everyone taking advantage of me! Maybe the Games will give me a backbone and I'll finally get some respect around here. Everyone knows that my brother and father are Victors, but they all consider me the runt. They make fun of me, still, because I spend more time in the library than the training room. I'm sick of being disrespected. I'm sick of being bullied. I want to be the underdog that everyone laughs at and then win these Games and come home, proving them all wrong. And then I'll come home and be a totally new, badass person. Dye my hair black like Dad. Right now I'm soft and my voice is squeaky and annoying and I let people push me around. And I let them take advantage of me, and I really hate it. If I have to survive the Games to get some respect and a backbone around here, well, so be it. Elijah's cat goes on the pro-volunteering side, for sure. Next, I imagine Nate's gemstone, how Dad was holding it in his hand so gingerly. Your life will become hell. Just like Dad's. Just like Nick's. Just like my poor Dutchy's. But I would finally understand. I would finally understand what they're going through and maybe I could actually help them feel better. Maybe I could change them for the better. Maybe Dutch and I could rebuild the relationship we had before the Games. Maybe Dad would actually find someone and stay with them. Maybe Nick would finally face his father and reconcile with at least one of his parents. Going into the Games and winning wouldn't only change my life. But it would also help me change theirs. And that's what I really, really want. I put imaginary Nate's stone on the pro-volunteering side of the bed. Drake's hook continues to stand alone. Next, I pull out Dad's tin mushroom. Everything you thought you knew will be destroyed. I'd be doing this for him. I'd be doing this for Dad, and Dutch, and Nick. I want to fight for them. I want to understand, I want to know what they go through and I want to give them all the bright future they deserve. Yes, the one they deserve. They're all such bright people and they all have so much potential to do wonderful things and pursue their dreams. But the Capitol cuts them off from all of it. I'd let the Capitol take me any day so that they'd never have to go back there. I'd let President Augustus take everything I have and strip me of all my beliefs if it would mean that they never touched my family again. And yes, Nick is included in my family. I'd have rowdy sex every second of every day for the rest of my life if it meant that my family never had to sit in another Capitol bedroom again. I'd do it if I could, but I can't. All I can do now is try to understand. And, by going into the Games and winning…I could. I add that to the pro-volunteering side. Drake's hook is looking quite lonely. There's one last piece left. I reach into my pocket and pull out the chandelier necklace that used to belong to Champagne. As soon as I look at it I finally burst into tears. My fist squeezes the crystal and chain tightly as I cry, engraving the design in my palm. If I volunteer, I'm going to have to leave this behind. My glasses will have to be my token. And I can't let this be buried. It's too special to Dad, and I didn't even know Champagne personally. But oh, how I wish I did. How I wish I had been able to talk to her. She and I are a lot alike. She's someone that would understand what I'm going through, to an extent. You'll get attached. I don't even think about it. I put Champagne's crystal with Drake's hook. I take off my glasses, which were blurred by the condensation of my tears, and bury my face in my knees. I was hoping I could talk myself out of it, but if anything, I just talked myself into it. I have no other choice. Not now. I have to volunteer tomorrow. I have to be the District 1 male tribute in the 21st Hunger Games.