himself a replacement.) and the cameras watch it all with bewilderment and yet some sick kind of satisfaction. The sky, she notices, is red, when the couple kisses and her heart seems to fall out of her chest and crawl away. She doesn't wave it goodbye. Effie Trinket laughs and tells the reporters about Peeta Mellark's new love story and Katniss fades into the grey facade. The couple look happy, smiling at each other (he smiles at her..once.) and she thinks about her foolishness. She should've guessed something was up when he didn't come to her for over a month...but her love clouded her mind. She only feels so numb now. Aloria comes towards her, Peeta on her arm and Katniss braces herself. She doesn't have to. She's got nothing to lose. Berries were the only solution to this game anyway. She smiles at her friend and the boy she loves (still.) and tells them, "You're perfect together," Aloria gushes on about her wedding and the dress and the food and Peeta but the huntresses' eyes are trained on blue ones, asking things her mouth never will and willing him to make her understand what he feels. He looks asif he'll start crying or something and she wonders what really is going on. Then, Aloria smiles at her husband and he smiles back and Katniss excuses herself to go and vomit in the toilet not far away. Effie tells her she's happy and Katniss nods, noticing Venia's broken gaze on her. The prep team member smiles at her. Katniss can't even smile back. When she hears about their baby, she cries herself to sleep. It doesn't matter anymore. She doesn't matter anymore. The hollow chasm in her being is comforting and the pink pills even better (they help her sleep and help her numb the pain.). She visits them with baby clothes and smiles a smile so big that Greasy Sae expects it to fall off. Haymitch refuses to meet the boy and Katniss knows this is because of her but she doesn't argue. It's what Haymitch does. Protects her and keeps her alive. She looks at the baby and wonders if she could ever have had that in her life. Peeta catches her gaze and for a moment, she lets herself believe that their is hurt in his eyes...that her numb happiness hurts him just as much as it hurts her...but the moment is gone and his cool smirk kills whatever hope there is. She doesn't find her voice again. When they celebrate their anniversary (fifteenth or something), she knows that he's always promised her lies and held her in an embrace of nothingness. She takes her pills, hunts the squirrels and eats with Haymitch. Gale comes to visit her but she's too far gone to come back now and he merely looks at her gaunt face, screams obscenities about the boy and leaves. Her mother comes back to her but these are wounds that even, she, cannot heal and so she watches her only daughter fade into herself. The primroses grow gold and violet in the Meadow and the days are long like beautiful summers. The Capitol has a new obsession. They don't worry Katniss Everdeen again. She watches herself grow old, wishing for things she could never have had. Haymitch's geese die. Her mother leaves and goes to District Eleven. The sky is blue (the colour of his eyes) and the day is young when she hears that Peeta Mellark never really loved her (he sends her a long letter.) and that it was only a game. Always was, always has and always will be. So she wanders through grass and old muses with dead tears in her eyes and his voice in her heart, echoing and reminding and painfully possessing her as the darkness swims along. Let me go!" she snarls at him, trying to wrestle her arm from his grasp. "I can't," he says. But he's let her go anyway, hasn't he? She laughs herself to sleep, bitter tears seeping from the corner of her eyes. The Mockingjay doesn't speak again. AUTHOR NOTE: OUCH. Plot bunny was itching to come out. No, actually, it was yelling. Screaming. Clawing away. I know that Peeta and Katniss are a little OOC but that's because of what they've been through and the fact that they never saw each other after the Quell. I realize that some of you may not like my potrayal of them both but I cannot help it because it's completely essential to the story and I cannot help it. It's been really hard to write this because I love them both so much and they should ALWAYS be together. I suppose it's mean of me to kill their relationship but the game is a game and Peeta wins it with all his lies and charades and pretenses. Katniss loves him...a lot but he's...just...Well, who knows? I mean, she does mention that there are times when the look in his eye bellies his indifference and blah..blah. I'VE TAKEN EXTRACTS FROM THE BOOK (NO CREDIT FOR ME.) AND THEY'VE BEEN EDITED FROM 'I' TO 'SHE' FOR THE PURPOSE OF THIS STORY AND THEY'RE IN ITALICS. I DO NOT WANT TO PLAGIARIZE...JUST WANTED TO MAKE IT MORE REAL. I've dedicated this to one of my favourite Everlark writers and I hope she likes it. I gave you lemon action, duly let you know that I am a review whore. So, PLEASE leave even just a good and I'll get on with it. If there are any errors, PM me or leave a review! Thank you so much for reading and if you're a silent reader, please review. :-) I hope it's good enough. Please leave reviews! I decided to make this a one-shot instead of a two-shot, so here it is. PLEASE REVIEW and favourite :-) THANK YOU SO MUCH! And please review! :-) ... PLEASE REVIEW! :-) Thank you for reading... ... WhereBrokenHeartsLie 16th September 2012