baby," Katniss said, turning towards him. "What do you think?" Gale stared at her blankly. After the birth of Reed, Katniss had made it very clear that she never wanted to have another child. Seeing how arduous the labor was and knowing Katniss had never wanted kids before, Gale never pressed the issues. But he'd always secretly wanted more children. "Are you serious?" "Yeah," she said plainly, as if she were simply suggesting what they should have for dinner and not changing their whole lives. "But…what…" Gale didn't understand what was going on. "I know I said I didn't want any more…" "Yeah," Gale said. She'd said that like a thousand times. "But," she shrugged, dropping her eyes down to the calendar before her. "With Reed starting school…" "Katniss, I know it's an adjustment now that he's away for a few hours every day…" "No, Gale, that's not what this is about. On the first day Reed came home from school, Reed was so excited. He was ecstatic. And all because he got to play with other kids." Gale nodded. Reed's only social interactions were usually limited to Gale, Katniss, both their mothers, and Posy. "I mean, I asked him how his day was, and he said, 'Mommy, you won't believe it, but I got to play with other kids!'" Katniss got teary-eyed just thinking about it, and Gale felt his heart ache too. "And then, he was supposed to draw a picture of his family one day, and he called Cooper his brother." Katniss pointed to the fridge, and Gale found the picture clipped to the side. Sure enough, the word brother was sloppily written above the image of the dog. Katniss was getting emotional and Gale dropped on his knees by her side. "Hey," he said, taking her face into his hands. "Why don't we think about this for a while…" "Don't you want more kids?" Katniss said angrily. "Of course I do. You know I do. But I also know you don't." "Well, I've changed my mind." Gale frowned. "As much as I want a bigger family, Katniss, I don't want you to rush into something you don't want or will regret because you're having a hard time being apart from Reed." "Damn it, Gale," she said getting up and pacing. "Why do you always think I don't know my own mind? This isn't some impulse. I don't want another child because I can't handle being alone in the morning or miss holding a baby. I want another kid because the best part of my childhood was my sister and I want Reed to have that too! I want him to have someone to play with and be his best friend." "You're serious?" He said, slowly realizing that she was. "Yes. I've been thinking about this for a while now. When Meeda found out she was pregnant. Now that's Prim's getting married…" Gale stepped closer to her and looked her in the eyes. "You really want another baby?" "Yes." Gale grabbed her and swung her in his arms. Katniss let out a shriek of laughter as Gale kissed her passionately before setting her down on the counter. "Then let's make a baby." She wrapped her legs around him and kissed him back. "Easy now," she said when she realized just how excited he was getting. "I didn't mean we had to start right now." "Why not?" Gale said, nuzzling her neck and reaching his hands under her shirt. Katniss laughed, and took Gale's face into her hands as she pulled him away. As much as he wanted to, he knew they couldn't make love in the kitchen. But that night, in bed, after they'd put their son to sleep, Gale eagerly picked up where they left off. "Come here," he said, pulling Katniss to him. The couple had a very satisfying sex life, but Katniss could practically feel the sparks flying off his skin that night. Maybe it was because he'd been away for two weeks, she thought, but she suspected it was because she was so excited to increase their family. There was something more exciting about making love for this reason, and she let out a deep moan as Gale slid off her shirt and pulled her into bed with him. He climbed on top of her, peppering her skin with hot kisses as he slid off his shorts and found her found her breasts. "What are you doing?" Reed was standing in their doorway, staring at his parents curiously. Gale immediately rolled off Katniss as she thrust the sheets up to her chin. "Are you playing a game?" "He's your son," Katniss whispered as she pressed her face into Gale's shoulder and stifled a laugh. Gale grunted and nodded. He threw his legs off the other side of the bed and awkwardly put his shorts back on. "What are you doing out of bed, buddy?" He asked as he adjusted himself and went over to scoop up his son. "I don't know," Reed said plainly. "Well, it's time to go to sleep," Katniss heard Gale say as he carried their son back to his room. "Are you sure?" "Yep. Very sure." Katniss couldn't stop smiling as she lay in bed, listening to her husband read to their son and realizing just how happy she was. She still couldn't believe sometimes that this was her life. "Now where were we?" Gale asked when he came back into the room. "Just so you know, I started without you." Katniss said, throwing off the covers and pulling Gale's body back on top of hers. "So you did." Gale immediately hardened when her felt how wet and hot she was. "You're really sure you want another one of those?" Gale asked through a laugh as his lips found her nipple again and his hands began to do their work. "Yes," Katniss answered. "Yes!" A few more scenes to follow shortly. As always, let me know what you think!