It's difficult…" I go on to explain what I've been doing. I want her to know I've been productive, constructive even, trying to create order, make things better. I can't help but notice she seems distant. Maybe she doesn't care. Maybe I'll never be able to do enough good in the world to undo all the bad I did, or that she thinks I did, if the distinction even matters. I try to make myself realize what this means. She finally says, "that sounds really good. I hope you're happy." I'm not sure if she's sincere. "I have a good life," is the best I can manage to say. As we sit across from each other at the table, neither of us touching our tea. I look at her and think of all the times we sat in her kitchen…when we were younger and she first showed me her mother's plant books and instructed me on what to get, she spoke with such an authority back then, trying hard to prove her worth to me, not knowing she didn't have to...or when I came over and taught her how to make snares because it was too cold for us to work outside, I didn't try to keep our hands from touching...when I laid on this table, back bleeding and burning from the whip, her face by mine, her lips by mine...Sometimes, I think, I'd prefer that pain over what I feel now. I remind myself that's why things need to change. "I'm sorry I didn't shoot you." I laugh as she pulls me from my thoughts, as always, hers are in a far different place than mine. Oh, Catnip, I think fondly, too fondly. I know she's trying to apologize for not keeping her word, and she's going about it all wrong. How can she think she let me down? I try to find a way to explain this to her. "I didn't have my weapon on me," I start to explain, but she looks confused, "the day of the assassination-" She interrupts me before I can add that even if I'd had my weapon, I wouldn't have shot her either. She laughs. Her smiles rarely surprise me, but this one does. "Well," she scoffs, "at least one of us had their priorities right." And I realize that even though she might look the same, she's changed. And I have to let her go. "Katniss, the war's over." You have to move on, I think. I have. Or at least, I'm trying to... She looks shocked that I said it. She thinks, and takes a deep breath. "I'm glad you didn't shoot me." "Do you really believe that?" I'm not sure I do. "I'm trying to." I wonder if that's the best she can give and realize it probably is. "Do you still hunt? You were always so alive in the woods." I can tell she's trying to change the topic to something nice. "No," something catches in my throat as I try to avoid the thoughts. Thinking of our time in the woods is too hard. "Too many painful memories…" I try not to think of the day I first met her. The day I first kissed her. But I can practically feel her soft skin in my hands and taste the orange on her lips. "And there's no need." "But, you always did love being out in the woods." I don't know why I'm surprised that she's genuinely confused by this. "I wasn't the woods I loved," I tell her. I try to avoid her eyes but can't. I think she gets it. It was you...But not anymore. "I thought about visiting you." She says this like it's a compromise, like the thought means something. Maybe it does. But not enough. "But you didn't," I try not to sound angry. "By the time I was able…" she seems to struggle to say this, perhaps I should be nicer. I can already feel her pulling at my heart again. "...I thought it was too late." "Katniss, for you, it'd never be too late." I didn't mean to say that. I didn't want to say that. I don't want to feel that. But, I realize, I do. I unconsciously move towards her. She looks down at my hand on the table and I know we're thinking about the last time we were here. "Don't worry, I promise this time I won't cry." I put some much needed distance between us and try to regroup my thoughts. You're here to put an end to this, Hawthorne, I remind myself. "Why didn't you come back? Till now?" I'm not sure if I'm imagining it, but it almost sounds like she wanted me to. God, if I'd known she wanted me to... I have to force myself to take a deep breath, swallowing my anger, my pain, my confusion. "There was a lot of work that needed to be done. That's what I tell myself…but you and I both know that someone had to make a choice...And we both know Peeta is always coming after you." She shifts uncomfortably as I say this, eyes cast downwards, and realization slowly seeping in. I have to stop myself from laughing when I see that she never thought of it this way before. When she looks up at me, I can see she still doesn't know what she would have done and I tell myself that's the only answer I need. But I have to know before I go. I have to know that this thing between us is over. I take her face gently in my hands and kiss her. Our lips barely move, but are pressed tightly. And in that moment, I know it. She might not be the Katniss I know anymore, but she's still the Katniss I love. Nothing's changed. Not the way I feel about her, but also not the fact that she still doesn't feel the same way about me.