Peeta comes around to her front, and without thought, holds her cheeks and wipes the tears from her eyes. Katniss opens her eyes to look into his when she feels his touch. Seeing understanding in his, she leans her head into his gentle touch. "Are you ok?" he whispers. She gives a shy nod and breathes deep. "I think I'm overwhelmed." "Why is that?" More tears escape before she can stop them. He is there to wipe her eyes. "For the first time, I don't feel like I have to be in control. I've had to struggle for so long." He wipes her tears and says, "Just relax. I've got you. You like the ropes, don't you?" "I didn't think I would. But I do." And before she realizes what she is doing, she wiggles the ropes against her clit begging for release. He grabs the ropes above her belly button and tugs her towards him. She can't help but to moan when the ropes rub against her clit. He looks into her eyes and she starts to feel like she can drown in his depths when he walks away from her talking under his breath. She doesn't understand what is going on, except she has never been this turned on in her entire life. She wants to say something but the mood in the room demands that she stay quiet. She just now notices Finnick still sitting in the sitting area. Has he been there this whole time? That makes sense, she guesses. It's safer for everyone to have a third person. At least she doesn't beg Peeta to fuck her. Peeta turns around and comes back to her. He brings his hands up to rest on her underarms rubbing her gently, almost touching her breasts. She leans towards him wants him to touch her more. She fights the urge to nuzzle his neck where she knows she can feel his pulse. When he moves to grab the scissors from the table and cuts her hands lose, she has a feeling that something is wrong, very wrong. He cuts her arms lose and unties her. He runs his fingers over the indentions in her skin that the rope left and she loves the way they look and the way his touch makes her feel. She continues standing until he has her untied and is coiling the rope when he asks, "Well, what did you think of that, Ms. Everdeen?" "What are the hours that you need me to work?" "I'm am working on some new prints and practicing for a show. Would you be interested in working the show?" "What does that mean?" "We would be doing this on a stage. You can even have a mask if you prefer." "I think I would like that." "And one more thing—" "What is that?" "You would be topless." After seeing the pictures, she figured this. She really needs the money, so it's kind of a no-brainer. Before she can catch herself, she says, "Ok. You said I can wear a mask?" "Of course." "Then I'll do it." "Wonderful. Can you come back tomorrow then? You work during the day, don't you?" He waits for her nod again and continues, "Seven again?" This time she finds her voice. "Yes. I can do seven. Can I go change?" He looks at her clothes. "Yes, go ahead." Finnick doesn't miss his friend watching Katniss go behind the screen on the other side of the room. Peeta has always been the picture-perfect example of professionalism. It's very rare in what they do. In the years they have worked together, he has never seen him flustered like this. "She is coming back tomorrow?" Peeta finishes cleaning up, and walks over to join Finnick on the couch. "Go ahead and draw up the normal working contract. Leave some room for what she wants to add. I have a feeling that she doesn't want her face shown." "Standard pay?" "Yes, for now. If the audience loves her like I think they will, we'll pay her in tips from the show." Katniss joins them. She nervously looks around before she says, "I'm going to go now. Do you need me to do anything else?" Peeta stands and walks towards her saying, "You will be back tomorrow. Finnick is going to draw up a contract. We will go over your limits tomorrow and go from there. Like you don't want to show your face in prints or the show, right?" "Yes, that sounds good." They reach the door. Instead of stopping like she expects him to, Peeta walks her to her car. She quickly wishes him, goodbye. And gets in the car. He watches her pull out and goes back in his studio. Finnick pauses in the door way on the way home to Annie. "I've been working with you for a couple of years now. You have never looked at anyone the way you were looking at her." "And?" "And nothing. I'm just telling you what I saw. Goodnight." "Goodnight," Peeta wishes him and locks the door behind him. He goes through the studio, turning off the lights and putting the tea service up. Soon, he is in his loft apartment, and gets into the shower. He lets his thoughts wander over what just happened. Katniss didn't say much, but with eyes like hers, she doesn't have to. He has been taking pictures for years now, of thousands of people. But when he was securing her rope, and she put her hands on her head, it stirred something in him that he can't ignore. He has dreamed of someone coming along and being submissive to him. Even now, he can feel his own hardness, begging to be released. He gets some soap, and slides his hand, and finds it not difficult at all to imagine Katniss is there doing it for him. There will be more! I promise! Will you let me know what you do think? Please?!