escort who is as dumb as a plank. Mayor Jorl gets up to speak then and says a few words about the kindness of the Capitol has really helped Eleven survive the Dark Days and learn not to rebel against it even though eleven was one of the biggest contributes to the rebellion. "Now lets see who the beautiful girl will be this year" Euphoria said. " The female tribute from District Eleven is .. Blossom Redgrave" She says. Yay I think to myself my dream has come through. I walk to the stage with a smile plastered onto my face and staring down all the male competition. She calls out the male who is a huge eighteen year old with a lot of muscle. His name is Korl and he will definitely be one of the people I will have to watch. I begin to plot his death when we are dragged inside to the Justice building to say goodbye to our families. I have never been this happy in my entire life. All my family come in at once to say goodbye to me but they know the odds are in my favor as most of the other reaped children have never killed in their life unlike me. They all give me hugs and kisses which i find terribly annoying and then they leave and I can think about all my foes deaths. District 12 Connor POV (12) "Connor Everdeen Get down these stairs now" my mother says angrily. She is never happy as things always go wrong in her life. She lost her one daughter to the games four years ago. I miss her she was so kind. She made it all the way to the final two but lost to the girl from four called Mags. I hate that woman even though she only wanted to get home. "Hello son today is your first reaping, don't worry Max will take care of you" mother said sweetly. I hate Max he let Laurie go into the games by herself and let her die. "But I don't like Max"I whined to Mother. "Shut up Connor stop being a baby" Max said smugly. I huffed silently and sat at the table. While we were eating our rashins of grain my younger brother Olly trudged down the stairs. "Good morning my little pumpkin pie" mother says. Olly is only six so he doesn't understand the reaping or that his sister is dead. I finish my breakfast before Max so I run to the toilet to clean myself up a bit for this horrific thing. After getting cleaned I run to my mother and tell her "Max hit me" I cry. "Don't hit your brother Max" She calls angrily. "I didn't" Max whines knowing I told a lie to get him in trouble. After the little argument between them he gets changed and we walk to his girlfriends house. She is very kind and someday I will be her boyfriend not Max. "Hi" Tori calls she has long blonde hair and blue eyes. She has these features because she lives in the merchant area not the seam like us. She tells us that her mother and father are fighting and that she is glad to get out of the house. We continue on our walk towards the square and we see many people hurrying around trying to get everything done on time. I see our escort Zafiri trying to fix her large flamboyant orange wig. "Hello children" she greets us. "Hey" I say casually. "How rude" she chides and then totters off towards the stage. We check in with the peace keepers and see a girl crying as they prick her finger which I think is a little childish and begin to mock her before Tori can cover my mouth. When we get in Max goes off and joins the sixteen year olds while I go to the twelve year old section right at the back." Welcome all you lovely children to the sixteenth annual Hunger Games" Zafiri calls from up on the podium. I listen intently unlike all the other twelve year olds who are just afraid of being reaped. "The female tribute is Loi Yarley" A small wispy fourteen year old girl makes her way to the stage to join our only victor Ethia and Zafiri on the stage. She is shaking and petrified. Her expression makes me laugh which isn't a good thing at the reaping. People glare at me which makes me stop but know the whole District will hate me. "Well now lets see who our handsome young man is, The male tribute is Connor Everdeen" Zafiri screams down the microphone. I slowly but surely make my way to the stage trying to convince myself Thinking Max wouldn't let this happen. I can hear my mother c]screaming and Tori crying but now I will suffer the same fate as Laurie. " Well a round of applause for our two tributes Loi yarley and Connor Everdeen" Zafiri screams. Loi looks at my and shakes my hand she knows we aren't coming back. Ethia ushers us into the Justice Building wanting to get get this over with as soon as possible. There are rumours going around the she use on drugs. First in is Mother with Olly. "Whatever you do don't give up" she says handing me a bronze ring that she wants me to use as my District Token. After that she is gone. My last visitors are Tori and Max wishing me good luck and giving me hugs and kisses. I will miss Max even though I hate him and I will defiantly miss Tori. What did you think of the first chapter? Who is favourite?why? Who do you hate?why? Is there anything I could do to make it better? Thanks for reading and i hope to have the next chapter up soon an the most disliked character will die in the bloodbath and so on