turning away from him. "Come back to bed," he begged, getting on his knees, and hugging her ass. "Fuck off." "Alright," he chuckled, hauling her over his shoulder again. "Put me down!" she protested, punching his back, "I"M MAD AT YOU!" "Oh shh," he mocked her, throwing her down on his bed. ~;~ He then put her legs over his shoulder, buried his face in her pussy, and tongue flicking her clit. She was still mad, but she allowed it, moaning his name instantly. He sucked on it, while slipping two fingers in, pumping them in and out rapidly. "You still mad," he whispered into her folds, basically, but looking up at her. "Yes," she moaned, tugging, and pulling at his hair. He stopped. "Wait, really?" he asked. "Mhmm," she hummed in ecstasy, "but please don't stop." ~;~ He continued, reluctantly, and she came within minutes. He licked his lips, wiping at the rest of his wet face, and snuggled back up to her. She turned her back to him, crossing her arms in a huff. "It was just a joke, Kat," he pleaded, putting an around her to which she threw back at him. "Come on, babe. I missed you, and I got a little jealous, I'm only just starting as a side guy," he joked. She turned to face, sitting herself up by her elbows. "Are you fucking kidding me? Dude, first off, you're not a side guy, and secondly, Peeta has done nothing wrong to me, nor has he ever. He didn't deserve this or what you just did out there. He was worried." "He was a little bitch is what he was," he corrected, "like babe, you were gone for like a few hours, and he goes batshit." "We had dinner!" "Fuck the dinner. It's like he's got you on a leash for fuck's sake." She sighed, biting her lip at him. "Okay, I'm sorry. I'm really sorry, I didn't mean that," he said sincerely. "Whatever," she rolled her eyes, getting out of bed, and heading toward the living room. "Are you leaving?" he sat up, calling toward her. "Watching TV, assface," she called back. Later on in the night – well into the morning – he coaxed her to going back to bed, and he apologize again. She forgave him, they shared a kiss, and fell asleep. … She never found her engagement ring so the next morning was a bit of a stressful one; she rummaged through all of his things, finding nothing. "Cato, where did you throw my ring?!" she'd shout at him in frustration, to which he'd just shrug in response. "You want breakfast," he asked, full waking up, and sitting up in bed. "No, I want my ring." "Just where mine, they look the same anyway," he suggested. "There are distinct differences, you idiot!" "Oh well," he shrugged. Just then they heard a knock at the door. "Oh my god, what if it's Peeta?" Katniss cried in shock. "How would Peeta know where I live?" Cato asked, genuinely wondering how. "He knows how to, um, track my phone?" she mumbled. Cato frowned, scratching the back of his neck. "We should discuss that later." He got up to answer the door, taking his bat with him just in case it was Peeta. He opened the door, and got his bat ready, "what," he barked. "Oh, Gale, hey." He put his bat down, letting his friend in, and giving him half hug. "What are you doing here?" "Is Katniss here?" Gale responded, looking around. "Yeah, why, and how'd you know?" "Her little damsel in distress fiancé called me, begging me to go look for her. She might have been kidnapped! Figured she'd be here, since well, knowing you," Gale shrugged, giggling. "What's that supposed to mean?" "Well, since they've been dating, you haven't done anything to get her back, except stalk her social medias, I figured either breakup or marriage would get you off your lazy ass. Seriously though, where is she, kid's in the car with me right now." "What!?" Cato exclaimed. "You brought the little fucker here?!" "Who's here?!" Katniss screamed, coming out of her hiding spot which was behind the couch. "Peeta, your girlfriend," Gale responded, nonchalantly. "Get your clothes on, we gotta go." "Oh my god, what the hell, Gale? Why would you bring him here?" Katniss inquired. "He insisted, like he literally got in my car before I could. I unlocked it and he just slipped in like snake. It's okay though, I didn't tell him about Cato, I said this is where Johanna lives, your old friend," he informed. "He knows I don't talk to Johanna anymore." "Well she threw you a bachelorette party last night, so you two are still friends," he shrugged, "now, come on, we gotta go, I feel like he'll come up if we take too long." "He would," she pouted, as she pulled her clothes on quickly, and gathered what she could of all her stuff. She kissed Cato, leaving her heart behind as she left. "I'll call you," Cato stated before she walked. She nodded, leaving with Gale to her own personal hell. Hello. I'm CB. This was supposed to be short, but I kind of let my writing get the best of me. Sorry it's so long, but I hoped you liked it. Although, if you liked it and want more, review please to let me know, I have some great ideas. -By the way, if you're a reader of Tears of a Burning Fire, I'm the writer, and I will be updating soon, I promise. Sorry if it seems I've abandoned it, I've been trying to edit chapters, and figure out where I'm going with the story so far. If anything, though, I should be updating tbf within a week or two- Anyway though, new readers, if you want more, please review to let me know, and I will update within a week or two. Thanks for reading :)