be alone anymore. I want to feel safe again. I look at a clock. After three a.m. I don't know when I fell asleep; I just know I don't want to be alone again. Without hesitation I leave my house, cross the street and climb up the stairs to his house. At the front door I stop. I don't know if I should knock. Then I decide not to and turn the knob. It's unlocked. Somehow I'm surprised. After everything that happened, but suddenly I have a feeling it wasn't locked because of me. Maybe Peeta had known or hoped, that I would come. I find my way in the dark up the stairs, to his bedroom. I pause at the closed door. I don't want to surprise him, I don't know how he will react if I just storm in there. Maybe he would attack me. So I knock softly and whisper his name. It doesn't take long and the door bursts open. At first he is confused, then he makes a funny little jump backwards and relaxes. "Katniss?" Nonetheless his voice is full of sleepiness. "You were gone!" My voice sound accusing, almost like a small child. "Well, you…" he is lost for words. Peeta Mellark speechless, that's a first. But just for a moment. "Nightmare," he asks and I nod. He takes another step back, motioning me to come in. After he closed the door, I step up to him and wrap my arms around his waist. Burying my face in his chest. He tenses up for just a second, but then his arms are back around me, pressing me to him. I can't believe how I've missed that feeling, my face on his chest. I can feel his torso moving, breathing. Can hear his heart beating. He let's go of me and lends me to the bed. I throw my shoes off and hesitate for a second. We slept together so many times already. I take off my pants and shirt and climb in my underwear under the covers. Peeta is next to me, his arms around me once again. Protecting me. I feel safe. "You want to tell me," he offers and I feel his breath on my neck. Goosebumps erupt on my body. Peeta thinks I'm freezing and pulls me closer to his body. I'm starting slowly; I don't know how he will react. There are memories in my dreams that we share. I'm not keen to trigger a flashback. I can't see Peetas face, but I feel him occasionally tensing up. "Tell me, when it's too much," I prompt, but he just starts caressing my shoulder and arm. Eventually we fell asleep and the nightmares don't come back that night. There is a new routine for Peeta and me in the next few weeks. We start to spend the nights together again. We protect each other of nightmares and comfort if they sometimes win, but not for long. Spring is almost over, summer is on the move in District 12 and the intensity of the colors is amazing. Just now we realize what veil of dirt the coal put upon us. All those years. The sun is rising, but Peeta is next to me. It's Sunday and he doesn't go into the bakery today. Normally I would be long gone into the woods, but today I couldn't tear my eyes away. Peetas face is relaxed. He is breathing deeply. He looks better, healthier. The emaciated boy that was allowed to leave the capitol months ago is gone. I caress his skin and softly trace his jaw line with the tip of my index finger. I can't help myself. His lips twitch and his head turns to me. His blue eyes beam at me. "You have been awake," I complain. "The whole time," he says and smiles mischievously. "But you can continue." And he closes his eyes again, but his face stays. There he is, the Peeta Mellark of the past. Just with these words, I know that all his feelings for me are still there. All this months he was disciplined and waited. Maybe he had to recover them himself, but they were there. Deep down inside. We stay like that for a while now, me tracing his face. He's enjoying it. He remembers me of a cat in the sun. Soaking up every ray of warming sunlight. Peeta turns to me completely and his knee touches mine. "That was nice," he says and again I'm stunned by his honesty. I can't do otherwise. I need to get closer. I'm pressed to his body now, I guess just a sheet of paper would fit between us. Our noses almost touch. We stare at each other. Sometimes blinking. There are birds singing, I can hear it through the open window. Peeta snuggles even closer. His nose caressing along mine. This gesture holds so many words in it that I will never manage to speak aloud. And suddenly it's there. A flame. It's small, but it's there, burning. I press my lips softly on his. I want to lay all my feelings into that kiss, what I can never say. Peeta is kissing me back. His free hand is in my hair, holding me close to him. Memories of a cave and a beach spring to life. My arms wrap around him and our kiss loses its innocence. It feels like we need to undo the last months of loneliness. I don't know how, but when we finally need to breath, Peeta is on top of me. He looks surprised down at me. "I'm to heavy," he says and wants to roll off. "No, please stay," I say and wrap my legs around him. It is an intimate pose, we are in. But we are alone. I want him near me, exactly like that. Peeta looks at me and smiles "You love me, real or not." I look up and caress his cheek again. "Real."