something when he's lifting her onto the island. "What are you doing?" He pulls the pie over and sinks his fork into the middle of it. She bites her lip as he lifts a bite of the gooey apple to her lips. "I'm feeding you some pie." Her lips close on the tines and the wonderfulness that is his pie overwhelms her taste buds. He gets the next bite, and she asks him, "Are you ok?" He chews thoughtfully, and nods. "We need to have a meeting with Haymitch." He gets another fork full and offers it to her. As she chews, he continues, "Even if they could just move closer. I know Delly can find a job anywhere." She swallows. "What is she doing now?" "She's a plumber." She clears her throat. "Yeah, she could get a job anywhere doing that. Funny, I never pictured her doing that. I thought she didn't like getting dirty." There is a loud knock on the front door, she jumps, and he glares. "Who could that be?" He asks. Katniss slides off the counter, and grimaces. "We are both in our underwear." "Let's see who it is. We might not want to answer the door." They both walk into the living room. Peeta makes it to the door before she does, and opens it wide open. She doesn't have a chance to say anything, because it's Belle, Delly and a tear stained little girl. "Daddy," Callie sobs. He reaches for her, and the little one leaps to his arms. She steps forward and asks, "What happened?" Before he has a chance to say something he might regret. Delly meets Belle's eyes and says, "As soon as we put her in the car, Callie started crying. She usually stops in just a minute—" "She always cries?" He is growling again. Katniss puts her hand on his arm. "How far did you go?" Belle ducks her head. "County limits." Peeta swears under his breath, and kisses the top of Callie's head. "We need to talk." "Can it—" "No, Belle. It can't wait. Now, this is killing us all." Belle looks at Delly and Delly nods. "You're right. I want to see Callie more, and I know you do too. We've been talking, and I think we are ready to move." For the first time, joy, pure joy lights up Peeta's eyes. "Move where?" Delly begins, "My grandmother is sick and no one is left here to take care of her. She offered me her house if I came and helped her. Belle said that she would stay home with grandma, while I opened a new plumbing business." "You're moving—" Belle interrupts him, "You won't mind us living here?" He shakes his head and wraps his arm around Katniss' waist. "No, not at all." He gives her a kiss, then looks at his ex. "Is Callie staying here?" All of her earlier disdain gone as she asks, "Do you mind?" "Of course not. Now you two need to go," He herds them out the door. She can hear them still talking, and when Belle bring Callie's bag back and kiss the toddler on the cheek. Peeta steps back in and shuts the door behind him. Callie spies her and calls, "Kitty?" Katniss joins them, and coos, "Hello, sweet girl. I'm glad that you came back." She is rubbing Callie's back. Callie yawns and lays her head down on Peeta's chest. "Let's get her into bed." He heads upstairs and she puts up the pie and turns off the lights. By the time she has the doors locked and starts up the stairs, he meets her out in the hallway. With a finger to his lips, he grabs her hand and leads her to her room. She looks down and chokes back a giggle. He looks down looking for what she sees, and he chuckles too. "I just had one of the most important talks in my life, in my boxers, in front of my ex-wife and her girlfriend." "I was in my panties to witness it all." He runs his fingers through his hair, and looks at her. He's never looked at her like that before. "Hell, Katniss. I was going to wait until Christmas day—" Her heart flips. "What are you talking about?" He walks over to his duffle bag and digs in the side pocket. When he turns, he sinks down on one knee. "I know you don't like flowery speeches, so I'm just going to ask. Katniss Everdeen, will you marry me?" He offers her a simple but breath taking pearl and diamond ring. "Are you sure?" She chokes out. "More than anything." She nods, "Yes! Yes, Peeta Mellark, I will marry you." He stands and takes her left hand, slides the ring on her finger. Their lips meet, and she can taste the promise of tomorrow on his lips and somehow, some way, she knows that everything is going to be alright. He pulls away and with a grin, he starts, "You know what would be really romantic?" He waits for her to shake her head. "We should load the girls in the truck tomorrow, and go to Gatlinburg." "You mean- elope? You want us to elope?" He kisses up her neck, biting the spot that makes her all tingly and more than a little breathless. "Hmm-mmm," he hums. "We should do it…" I need to thank kleeklutch and alliswell for doing what they do best. I need to thank notanislander for chatting with me lol… along with klee and alliswell for talking through stories with me. I hope you ladies stick around for the next phase… To the ladies of facebook, thank you for your love and support. And for helping to name non-canon characters… I need to thank my dearest sohypothetically. Even now, this midnight hour, she is at home working to make sure all of this goes smoothly. I need to send you cookies… or at least a cake…