after awhile I throw her legs over my shoulders and rut into her making sure to hit the G-stop with every thrust I make. " Cato! Don't stop, don't stop! God, it feels so good." I kiss her senseless tongue licking, mouths suckling, teeth biting because we can't get enough of each other. She cums two minutes later and I can feel her milking me for all I've got so with a moan and a murmured Katniss on my lips I fall into oblivion right behind her. Marvel keeps calling and I eventually with much resignation pull out of her and she gives me a tiny groan of discomfort because just as much as I had warmth so did she and I feel rather proud of myself knowing that she must be feeling practically empty after me being inside her so long and then suddenly pull out. I wonder if she'd ever felt that way because of a guy before, hell, I can admit that was the first time I ever did something like this. Fucking a girl, falling asleep on top of her still buried balls deep inside and on the next morning fuck her again. Hell no that never happened. But I'm glad it did now. After I take the call from Marvel I look back at Katniss she is bent over retrieving her panties that I threw behind the couch last night and if I thought the sight of her in her underwear bending over was mind blowing and erotic imagine now when she wears nothing yet is still bent over. I can't help myself I'm half hard by now and I go over to her gripping her waist and squeezing one of her breasts while rubbing my cock on her sweet tight pussy that is already dripping for me. " Do you know how fucking hot you look right now?" " Why don't you-" moan "- tell me how fucking hot I look." I'm rock hard by now and fighting the want of thrusting into her again. Her asking me to tell her is when I truly lose my filter. " Just seeing you bent over makes me lose my mind, that pink little cunt of yours dripping with honey that I just want to lick it off, those perky breasts right at my hands and that round ass grinding on my cock that is dying to be buried inside you again." She straightens her spine and for a second I'm scared she might think I'm a creep and walk away but she pushes me on the couch and straddles me grinding her hot pussy on my dick and I don't have the self restraint to keep the volume down, I moan and groan and plead her name while she moves above me grinding herself on me but she must get bored with it because I feel her hand snaking in between our bodies and grabbing my cock and putting it upright while she impales herself on me and looking at her now she looks like a Goddess with messy hair while rays of sunlight shine over her making her glow. Her tits and bouncing up and down so I reach up to take one of them into my mouth while she makes circular motions with me inside her. Go up, down, circle, repeat and it's always the same yet it drives me crazy but when she feels it's enough she pushes my mouth away from her breasts and places one of her hands on my chest and the other on my thigh and starts riding me to oblivion and all I can do is watch. She starts getting tired so I take over and place my hands on her hips and start thrusting into her with all the force I have and one of my hands wanders from her hips to her clit rubbing it furiously until I feel her walls clench around me and she lays on my chest the moment I cum. " Don't go yet, I like feeling you inside me." " God please stop Katniss because I don't think I can go again so soon." " It's okay. I have a deal to make." She lifts herself from my chest to look me in the eye but doesn't actually get off. " What?" "I want her to be friends with benefits, or fuck buddies, whichever you prefer." " You're serious?" " Yes. We were friends so I believe we can be again and this doesn't involve any emotional drama that we both usually have to put up with and hey , sex." I chuckle at her and think it through. This might be one of the best offers I've ever been given and I'd be an idiot not to take it so that is exactly what I said. " I'd be an idiot not to take an offer like that." " Exactly. So I have some questions." " Shoot." " First one is not actually a question but I need to get your number." " Aren't you forward?" " Ha ha, where do you live?" " I just moved in to a new apartment a couple of blocks from here." " What? Which building." " I think is number 68." " Floor and entrance." " 4A." " Shut the front door! I'm 4B!" " Holy shit we're neighbors again Katniss." " Oh, this just makes this deal a whole lot sweeter. We could have sex anytime, in a matter of minutes you could be in my house and we could be fucking. Cato this is awesome!" And that was how this whole thing started in the first place. A/N: If you read the A/N in the beginning you'll know why I'm doing this but I actually had fun writing it so if you'd like to see this fanfiction continued please drop a review or PM me, either way is fine as long as you say something. Read & Review my lovelies!