circle her waist. Their tongues meet for the first time. She moans into his mouth and he pulls her closer. Holding up her weight. They continue kissing until they have to stop and catch their breath. He leans down and lightly kisses her forehead, her cheeks, along her jaw. He whispers in her ear how amazing, how beautiful and how sexy she is to him. How he is going to prove it to her. No matter how long it takes. That he's always been hers. He kisses her cheek once more. His face is full of joy. Hers wonder. Their pupils are dilated and both are breathless. "Is this real?" She reaches up and caresses his cheek. "Yes, so real. I've been so stupid. I couldn't see what was right in front of me because I was so scared of losing you." "Kat, you'll never lose me. You've been it for me since we were five." "What?" "I've loved you since that first day in Kindergarten when you sang the Valley Song. I've wanted you since I developed hormones." She blushes. He punctuates it by placing a sweet kiss on her lips, on her collarbone and up her neck to her ear. Softly biting her lobe then sucking on it lightly before letting it go with a pop. "I'm not sure exactly how long I've been in love with you." "You're…in love with me?" she manages to squeak out. He kisses her softly again. "Yes. I knew it for sure when I woke up in the hospital and you were there, even after I had been such a dick to you." "I deserved it." "Never. I was stupid enough to believe my mother when she told me no one would ever care about me. That I was worthless. It killed me to be away from you. There were so many times I said "fuck it" and went to seek you out. Then my stupid pride would get in the way. When you stopped trying to get in touch with me, I thought you didn't care. I realized how wrong I'd been when I woke up in the hospital and you were there. I decided then I'd never do anything to hurt our friendship. Even if it meant never kissing you again." Katniss smirks then pulls him down to kiss her. There isn't anything sweet about this kiss. It's unleashing ten years of sexual tension and she never wants it to stop. After a few minutes he breaks the kiss. "Look at me my lovely Katniss." She stares into his eyes. He has never looked at her with so much intense desire. She feels the pull of the lightning between them again. He manages to say, "Do you feel that Kat and not just how much I want you. Which I very much do." He grinds into her. She whimpers. "When you look in my eyes, what does it do to you?" His voice has gotten lower and rough. "Do you feel that electrical pulse all through your body? For me it starts in my chest and explodes outward. A tingling rush. Like lightning or fireworks. Do you feel it?" "I do." She pants. "I know part of it is physical. But it's more. Our minds, our bodies and our souls. It's our connection to each other. I only have it with you." "I feel it too, Peeta, just with you." He kisses her sweetly and pulls back. He's taking slow, deep breaths. Trying to get himself under control. "Peeta, take me upstairs." He's looking at her asking if she is sure. She smirks and takes his hand. -x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x- Peeta wakes up the following morning and memories of the previous night comes rushing back. He and Katniss, finally. The first time was hard and fast, they hadn't even undressed completely. The next they took their time and exploring each other, making love for over an hour. He yawns and stretches. He reaches out and the bed is cold. He sits up. Fuck . It was a dream or she ran. He puts his face in his hands. He's not sure which would be worse. Damn it! He reaches for his phone. At least he wasn't running late getting the gallery open. He'll have to deal with this later. He pulls the sheet back and the cold air hits his naked body. Well guess that means it wasn't a dream. He grabs his prosthetic and attaches it. He gets a pair of boxer briefs from his dresser and walks across the hall to the bathroom to get ready. About 15 minutes later Peeta's freshly showered and shaved. He heads to his kitchen to make breakfast. When he walks in he's gobsmacked. There is Katniss, wearing his old wrestling t-shirt. Table set. "Good morning! I thought you might have worked up an appetite last night so I made breakfast. Prim blew up my phone this morning before her shift at the hospital. I was suppose to let her know how last night went. I told her we were busy." She giggles. She has finished putting breakfast out, omelettes, toast and bacon. Looked at Peeta and saw his mouth hanging open. "Peeta, are you OK?" She rushes over to him feeling his forehead to check for a fever. He snaps his mouth shut and clears his throat. "I didn't think you were here." She scowls at him. Then understanding crosses her features. "Well I could be insulted, but I don't have the best track record, so I'll let it slide just once." He breaks into a huge grin. "I really like you in that shirt. But I think I'm going to like it better on the floor." She laughs. He smirks. He walks over to her, pulls her into his arms and gives her their first good morning kiss. "I love you Katniss." "Me too." Before he can question her she puts her index finger over his lips. He nods. Then kisses her again.