reply, but I realize that Micro is gone already. I sigh and another person enters the library. He is short, and I know who he is. "M-Miss Ada." He is the only person who would say 'Miss' to me. Since, I don't look like a girl at all. But I look straight at him and ask. "How may I help you?" A blush appears on his face. "I want to return the books I've borrowed and I want to borrow more." He says shyly . Why would he be shy to return books? But since it's none of my business, I only take another stack of books from Major 6, the chemical medicine course. "H-how do you know that I'm…?" He looks so small, and… cute? I guess. Little kids are cute like that; all books I've read (pertaining the subject) said so. "I know who you are. Aspen Acre, right? You come here every day on my shift." I would have been an idiot if I don't recognize his name by now, after all. He looks happy and flustered at the same time. I know that reaction, Herman told me about it. Herman says that Aspen Acre has a crush on me. That's impossible. And besides, I don't like to interact with people at all. ~Dawn~ As much as I love my perfect sister, she could be such a handful sometimes. I walk across the halls of Major 7, the Lumber. Many students with red tartan shirt look at my pure white outfit with a childlike fascination. I keep on walking until I reach a room with 'Major-head' plastered on it. I take a deep breath before knocking, and a man with a man with dirty-blond hair and the same red tartan shirt as everyone else opens the door. "Excuse me." I say, trying to be polite. "I was sent from the Major-head of Medicine, Sandra Evans, to request your assistance." The man looks at me from top to bottom before nodding. "Dawn Evans, right? I know you, you're Sandra's kid sister. She already said what she wanted. You want a tour across the forest to see herbs for the herb medicine course, right?" I nod, thanking Sandra deep within my heart to explain what she asked me to do so I won't have to explain it. "Unfortunately, I'm busy now. But I'll send someone for ya. BOXXY!" He shouts to the room, where several people shout back 'Boxxy's not here' to him. "Ugh, then, anyone from lumberjacks! Get your ass here!" A handsome boy with the same red tartan shirt (only the long sleeves are rolled into his elbow) comes to them with a defeated expression across his face. "What is it, Blight?" He asks while wiping his sweat from his forehead. "Escort the little lady across the forest, will you? I was going to ask Boxxy, but she's not here so-" "I get it." The boy replied with a sigh. I frown. I don't like being called 'little lady'. I'm the strongest fighter in Major 6, after all. But well, being a good fighter in Major 6 is so useless though. Blight throws us out of his room (and I think it's his workshop) and leaves us by ourselves. "Oh well," the boy scratches the back of his head. "I'm Isaac Total, I'm double majoring in lumberjack and carpenter courses." He offers his hand to me and I take it, just to be polite. "I'm Dawn Evans, vice Major-head of Major 6, herbal medicine course." He smiles at me. "Oh, cool," he says shortly. "Shall we go to the forest then?" I nod and follow his lead. After two minutes of total silence, Isaac faces me and looks at me from head to toe. "You're Dawn, right? Wolff tells me a lot about you." Ah, Wolff. I know Wolff. He often comes to my class and asks help for his livestock whenever they got sick. We are friends with each other, not that close though. Why would he say anything about me? "You know Wolff?" I ask, feeling rather like an idiot because he really had implied that fact in his statement. "I know him. He's my best friend." Isaac answers as he casually opens a huge wooden door that led to Major 7's pride and joy, the Forest of Life. I take a deep breath as I enter the forest, leaving the building behind me. I love the Forest. It has herbs and trees and even animals. Major 7 takes a very good care of every tree in the forest, and wild animals eventually come to their forest and make it their home. I smile brightly. "Come on then, I'll show you where most of the herbs are." Isaac says with a little laugh. I look up, embarrassed, but follow him nonetheless. The forest is huge and the only people who know their ways are people from Major 7 and Major 11. So, outsiders like me need to have a guide to show us around. Isaac leads me to a meadow where herbs are scattered everywhere. I walk into the a field of blue grass and sit down, carefully picking the herbs my sister asked me to bring. "Do you want some help?" Isaac asks. "If you want to." I reply to him and he sits down next to me, helping me pick all the herbs I need. Strangely enough though, I really, really enjoy his company. I can't believe I finished this… I'm so proud :'D Okay so I got all the okays from the submitter of these lovely tributes, and from SparrowCries him/herself (I think it's her, but being cautious is good). The only person I haven't gotten okay from is the creator of Kami Deuwulf, and I don't know who her submitter is… :( I also apologize if my grammar is bad. I'm not an English speaker and I'm not really used to write in present tense or in first person POV :(