the same thing happened to Beetee yesterday. Somebody tried to kill him, but he survived. She told him that the victors will be transported somewhere for a meeting. That we'll be safe there." "Where?" "I don't know. They won't tell us yet, but we're leaving on a hovercraft tonight-" "Tonight?" She looks dismally at me and frowns. "Three years without seeing you and now you'll be leaving again." She tends to my hands again. "It is for your protection, and I want you to be safe…" She continues to occupy herself with the bandages, but then her eyes begin to tear. "I just don't want to lose you." "I'll be fine," I say in consolation. "I'll try to contact you when I can." "I do hope so," she says. "I will," I reply. I can't help have the feeling that I have just told a lie. I can't know for sure that I will be alright. I spend the whole time between morning and noon in bed. I'm finally allowed up to help Peeta pack some stuff, although we do not know how long we'll be staying there. In the evening, my mother's train departs back to District 4. Peeta, Greasy Sae, and I walk with her to the station. I feel sad to see her go so soon, when I just barely put away by bad feelings against her. I still have some, but I tried really hard to forget about them these past few days. We walk to the station and wait for my mother's train. I hold onto Peeta's hand, feeling bad about how drastically everything turned from happy to fearful and anxious. Dread seeps in when the train arrives, because she'll have to go. My mother picks up her bag and turns to us for a good-bye. She speaks to Greasy Sae, who she has known since I was little. Sae encourages her not to worry and she gives her a bouquet of herbs of plants found here in District 12. My mother turns to Peeta and me. "I've always thought of you as a wonderful young man, and I'll know you'll take care of Katniss," she says and her mouth turns into a lopsided smile. "Take care, Peeta." He smiles slightly and he nods. My mother looks to me. "I hope we'll keep in touch. These past years have been empty without both of my daughters." I know she means Prim and that she must have felt that same emptiness I have knowing Prim is gone. I see her every time I look at the primroses in the front yard. She hugs me for a short moment, and then gets her bag and looks to Peeta and me a final time. "I love you both and I'll hope you'll be careful, whatever you're doing." "Of course. Have a safe trip back," says Peeta. My mother enters the train and then a minute later we watch it leave the station. "We better get going then," says Peeta. "Don't want to miss your flight," says Greasy Sae. "I wish you both well, and hope to see you two soon, alright?" "Of course. We can't go very long without missing your cooking," I say. She smiles at both of us. "Take care now." Peeta and I say good-bye, and then we walk to the meadow outside of the fence. It's getting dark, and I notice not a lot of people are out as we walk through town. They turn away, and show no curiosity of my bandaged hands. They probably already heard and decided to keep inside. Walking through the woods, I find myself habitually trying to stay quiet unlike Peeta who makes his way to step on every noisy stick. But I shouldn't be worrying about it. It doesn't matter anymore. I could be leaving this place for good, who knows? "Well there it is," Peeta says from behind me. I look ahead to the clearing and notice the large hovercraft with its humming noise, probably driving away all animals in radius. Haymitch stands at the entrance ladder with a man in a soldier uniform. There are no more Peacekeepers, but we still have our own military force just in case . They're also the new law enforcement, but they're much less strict than Peacekeepers. "Glad you made it," Haymitch says. "This is Soldier Cayes. He'll be our peppy escort," he mumbles so he doesn't hear. "This way," says Cayes in monotone. Peeta and I step up the ladder before Haymitch. Cayes goes last and retracts the ladder for take off. "Doesn't this bring back memories?" Haymitch mumbles.. "Sure does…" I say in monotone. I look to Peeta hoping none of this causing any potential flashbacks. "How are you doing?" I asked in a softer voice. "I'm fine, don't worry," he answers. "How are you doing?" "Fine. I'm alright," I say steadily. He takes my hand and the three of us sit in seats farthest away from the soldiers and the cockpit. I look out a window, the hovercrafts hums louder, and we begin to lift into the air. I watch outside to the forest until we're too high to only see a mass of green. Peeta's hand is tense on mine, but when I look up, he shakes his head to dismiss it. Cayes sits next to another soldier in seats close to the pit. I look to Haymitch and speak softer than I usually would. "Where are we going, Haymitch?" "I think you can figure it out. You're smart." The first thought that comes to mind is somewhere backed up with so many bad memories I get a headache just thinking about it. I'm hoping pretty much anyplace but there. There more I think about the more certain I am about it, but I have to ask. "District 13?" "I knew you were smart." I hope this didn't seemed rushed. Things make more sense in the next chapter, which I will be uploading soon! -cheezebuns