what can I help?' Rye answers, peeking behind the landing of the stairs, refusing to come any closer than that. 'Katniss,' He stops her from spinning around, uses his body to block his mother's punches and asks, 'how can he set us down?' 'I don't know!' Katniss tries to circle her arms around his body but he is too wide-shouldered for her to manage it, 'even if I know I won't tell you!' She turns her head away, staring at his mother as deadly as she can, and refuses to speak again. 'What should we do now?' Rye waves at him from behind the wall and asks. Peeta sighs. He hates it. There is nothing in the world that he wouldn't do to avoid the request that he has to make now. But his body is turning all purple and blue-both his mother and Katniss really put all their strength into every punch they throw. He has no idea how much longer he can hold. 'Go to the Seam and grab Gale.' The only thing he can do now is to pray that he's still alive when he comes. He has no idea how long they have been suspended in the air. It must have been pretty long. His punch bag torso has become so numb that he can't feel any of the pains. Not compared to the throbbing pains in his leg. His prosthetic leg must be coming off. He thinks about asking the camera men standing right in front of him to help. But the guys are so focused on making perfect documentary of how the blood oozes out where the prosthetic meets the flesh and how it drips down his leg. He is pretty sure that they are determined to capture how his entire leg being torn off. 'Mom! Hurry up! They are up here!' The little girl running into the house and up the stairs has a sweet angelic voice and two bouncing beautiful blonde braids. Prim. And Mrs Everdeen. Peeta wants to dig a hole in the floor and disappear into it. Or the ceiling—depends on your perspective of it. 'Be careful! Rye said it's very dangerous.' Mrs Everdeen warns behind her. 'Gale taught me how to walk around his traps.' The little girl shows no fears and skips gracefully around the entangled mess on the ground—his father and Phil, and stops right in front of his, well, legs, 'Are you ok?' She asks, knocking the camera men aside. 'He is not ok! He's bleeding!' Katniss cuts in impatiently before goes back to her punches. 'The ceiling is not very high. Go grab something to hold him up, it will release the stress on his prosthetic leg!' Mrs Everdeen puts her medicine bag down, rolls up her sleeves and quickly goes into her emergency mode. Prim rushes to the bed, and tries to drag it along with her, 'this will hold all three of them!' The bed does not even budge. 'The bed is too heavy for you. Get the chair!' Mrs Everdeen looks around the room, stares at the TV crew filling it up before she tears a corner off a bandage, soaks it up with liquid from a small glass bottle, and starts to rub it gently on the bleeding seam of his leg. It is cool, and a real relief to the shredding pains. Thanks God, she doesn't even bother to help Prim with pulling the bed. Otherwise she would notice the difference. Yes. He has nailed the bed to the planks of the wood floor. What other choices did he have? It was getting harder and harder to convince his mother that he was just doing jumping jacks up late at night. And it's an exercise prescribed by his physical therapists for his prosthetic leg. By the time Rye comes back, everything has already started to settle down. His mother still refuses to talk to anyone in the room. But even she knows better than continuing her futile fist fight with Katniss. A great relief to him. His father is happily holding up a water basin for Mrs Everdeen while the latter bustling around fixing his leg. Prim runs back and forth, happily bringing anything her mother needs from the medicine bag. Katniss has already finished cleaning up his face with her sheet, and is working hard on avoiding her mother's life threatening stares. 'What happens to your face?' Prim jumps in front of Rye, points at his bloody nose and purple swollen eyes and asks. 'That's what happens when your little brother fucks someone else's…' He pauses after Peeta points out the TV crew, who are quietly filming the ongoing drama, and adds, 'cousin', with an exaggerated wink at Prim. 'Check your tongue, Rye! Prim is only 12!' Their father warns eagerly. 'No worries, Mr Mellark.' Prim replies happily, in a singing voice, 'I know that four letter word, and everything about it—I am Mom's little helper during her deliveries. Three times now.' 'Stop it! Prim,' Katniss yells at her little sister, 'not in front of everyone.' 'They are not everyone.' Prim beams her big white toothy smile across the room, 'It's only Mom, Peeta, Mr and Mrs Mellarks, Mellark Brother No 1, Mellark Brother No 2,' She stands on the tips of her toes to point above Rye's head, 'and our "cousin".' Tall, square with broad shoulders, Rye looks like a giant staring down at the little girl's blonde head. But Gale, who's at least six feet five, still towers over him. 'Hey, don't talk about me like I am not here!' He waves his hand over Rye's head, at the TV crew, at everyone in the room, and then at Peeta. Peeta has never dreamed that one day he would be so happy to see that dark, ugly, disgusting face until he sees all the heads popping up behind him in the hallway. The damned bastard has the whole town and half of the Seam following behind him...