tell him to meet me back at the fence where the work around is at and I will create a diversion. Simple enough, I just have to get to the center of town and drop a couple of grenades from my pack. I turn my jacket inside out from white to black as I walk into town from some shacks. "Hey you there!" I hear from behind me. This will work too. "Yes sir." I say as I turn raising my hands up tossing the grenades at each man. They detonate on impact as I am sent flying through the air I think I feel myself smiling. I hit with a thud and am back on my feet in no time with my Walther out. I take a step towards the center of town. "Arrrrg" my leg feels like I just had someone just stabbed it with a thousand knifes. Doc said this might happen. Three more peacekeepers appear behind me. I turn and put a slug into each one of them. Only four rounds left as I hobble over to where the other PK's were and I find their guns on the ground. Now I am in business. I stumble into the square where there is a whipping post. Sons of bitches, Peacekeepers flood from both directions. I open up on them before they can even know I am the guy they are looking for. They fall like snowflakes. It's almost beautiful as each gun runs through its 37 rounds. I take off running at the remaining men with my busted leg that I am now ignoring and the other busts wide open. The sight of me is terrifying as I barrel into them taking a gun of one to use on the other and so on. I head butt one guy so hard his helmet splits and I can see his face twisted between sheer horror and the fear that he may have just craped himself. I see Gale and he has a PK gun as well. That's good; he is using it to the same effect. I see a fleeting glimpse of Prim and my wife as they round the corner that Gale is leading people to. Smart, get around to the outskirts while I am in the middle and then just run around to the opening. I just got to keep them off of Gale for long enough, then I hear a noise that makes the hair on my neck stand up, Bombers. Any second now this whole place is going to be an inferno of fire bombs. I have seconds to get to Gale. The PK's are retreating which is bad. When I get to Gale he is smiling thinking we have won. I grab him and tell him he has to go, but first I give him the letter and make him promise me to deliver the letter to Katniss for me. Just before he leaves I shamefully look at him and ask, "Do you know what my name is?" Smiling, he goes to respond as a fire bomb explodes right in front of me. Fortunately, I take most of the damage. He is a little singed, maybe a few second degree burns, but he is fine. I tell him to go by waving him off. He looks like he is trying to jump through napalm to get to me. Why couldn't Katniss end up with a guy like that? I look with my leftover eye at what remains of my body: half a right leg and an arm. Not too bad. I laugh at myself. I think about the boy I heard about being caught in the forest that day. I think about hope. I was wrong, hope can be a miracle. I was just too stupid and too jaded to see it for what it is. Hope saved me and brought me here. It gave me life when I was dead. I look at the sky and watch the firebombs fall and obliterate District 12, my home. I am glad I am dying here. It's where I died the first time. Again I laugh. If it wasn't for all the destruction I know is being caused to everything around me I would think the sky is beautiful -Deep reds and purples. I wish I could have met my wife and kids again, but in a way I am happy it ended like this. I am sated knowing that I gave my life for my family. It is the first thing I have felt completely good about since the day I woke up in D13. I am glad I learned how to love again and I hope…. Epilogue As I looked back at the man who saved all of our lives I wonder if he really is Katniss's dad. Seconds after the first bomb went off; a second went off creating a fire wall that I couldn't see through. Good night old man, thanks. The Hovercraft picked up everyone I got out and immediately started treating the injured. I refused medical attention until I could make sure Prim and Mrs. Everdeen where okay. Then I had to see Katniss. I sat next to her hooked up to the machine on our trip to district 13. Part of me still couldn't believe what was going on, and I still had to figure out what to do about this letter in my pocket. I leave Katniss for a moment and walk down the corridor to the bath room. I have decided. When Katniss wakes up, she is going to have a lot to think about and then a lot to do. I may tell her the story this letter has in it, but not today. I rip it up and flush it down the toilet. I think about the old man again and tell him I am sorry, but I hope he understands. We have a war to fight now. The End By C.M. Schuster