moment he struggled to recall one sentence. His lips opened, but nothing coming out. Yet when he met her soft, blue eyes, he felt his heart melt and swore he saw hers melt too. In her eyes he saw everything he had hoped he could give her; hope, happiness and life. The words soon came rolling off his tongue. They weren't the ones he had recited, but they slipped from his lips as if he had known them all along. "I've never been good with words," he began slowly, piecing his thoughts together. "But I-" he stopped, briefly losing the words. He lifted his head up to face her. "I know I've made mistakes in my life," he started again, his eyes mesmerised on hers. "But the biggest mistake of my life was letting you go. It was one that kept me up every night, and one that I thought I'd never get over," Haymitch paused, a small smile touching his lips. "And then…and then you gave me a second chance. And I knew that I could never let you go again". "Effie Trinket, you are without the doubt the most infuriating, irritating and stubborn woman I have ever met. You drive me crazy everyday, but I can't imagine my life without you. To able to wake up to you every morning and see your eyes before I fall asleep…nothing else could make me happier". "Oh Haymitch," she breathed, her eyes softening. Haymitch took a breath, his warm eyes softening on hers. "I can't promise you that I'll always be the best man, that I'll always be able to put away the alcohol or that we won't occasionally fight. I can't promise you a perfect life…but I can promise you that if you take me today, I will try everyday to make you happy. To give you the life you deserve. I will stand by you and fight for you. I will always be there for you. But most of all, I-I will always love you," his voice grew hoarse, cracking in his throat. "Because for some reason…I am ridiculously and insanely in love with you. Effie, if you take me today I promise to never let you go again". He could see her desperately trying to fight back the tears that threatened to spill and smudge her makeup. He too felt his throat tightening with the overwhelming emotions he felt consuming him and touching his heart. He heard her soft voice coming out in a breathless whisper, alerting his attention to the Priest's droning voice. "I do". "And Haymitch Abernathy, do you take this woman, Effie Trinket, to be your lawfully wedded wife, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better or for worst?" "I do". "Then I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may now-" The rest of the words were a blur to the two as their lips came together in a passionate kiss. Her arms entangled around his neck as his wrapped his around her waist, pulling her closer in a melting embrace. Effie gasped, laughing lightly as she felt herself being lifted from the ground, twirling through the air in his arms. She was soon scooped into his secure arms, her arms entangled around his neck and her legs hanging over his arm. "Haymitch, what is this?" "Well Miss Abernathy," he whispered, brushing his nose against hers. "I do believe we have a resort to get too somewhere far away from here". Effie repressed an eye roll, her hand coming up to brush through his dirty blonde hair. "Haymitch, I'm afraid we still have the reception to get through. And I think it would be rude not to turn up, seeing as it is for our wedding". She repressed a small giggle when she heard him groan in irritation. "Then sweetheart," a suggestive glimmer touched his eye, his voice wrapping around the shell of her ear. "I'm afraid you'll have to make it up to me tonight". Effie's eyes rounded, a playful smile dancing on her lips. "Well," her voice dropped an octave, her eyes glimmering suggestively. "I'm sure I can think of something". He silenced her laughter with another passionate kiss. She didn't leave his arms all evening, not wanting to leave and he not wanting to let her go. Not when they exited the church, not when they were in the limousine, not when they opened the night with the first dance and not when he curled next to her in their room after a night of passion. No. As promised he didn't let her go and would never let her go again. And as vowed, he stood by her, through the good times and the bad, through every argument and every burst of tears, through the birthing of their child and the many stresses and unexpectancies that life brought them. They had come so far together and brought so much to each other's lives. And with each kiss and embrace and smile and tear and every coming morning, they knew that they only had more to bring. ~Fin Hey guys thanks for reading! I have to say, I have never in my life spent such a long time writing a one shot before. This fic kept me up till 2 am every night for the past week (though I usually start writing pretty late anyway), but I really wanted to make it to the best I could. So I really put my heart and everything into this Hayffie piece. Originally I was going to write a 800 word fic on 'green with envy', since the challenge word was green but thought I'd try and incooperate more colours and tie it back. I also tried to do something a bit more unique from other Hayffie fics I've read, so I hope I ticked that box! Do leave me a review, they really make my day and make writing this 7866 fic worth it haha Thanks for reading! Lydia :)