with Katniss in the train, comforting her and we laugh about the absurd color of Effie's hair. Katniss' favorite color is green, the nuance of my bruises two weeks after infliction. My brothers bake an enormous cake upon my return from the Games. I salivate at the memory of cherry pie on the days the guards forget to give me my ration of bread. The look of horror on my parents' faces when they see the prosthetic for the first time. The helplessness when the leg is taken from me, bereaving me of the last hope to escape. I wake up gasping like a fish on land, Cato's ghost hand around my throat. My shirt is drenched in sweat and I need a moment to regroup. With receding trepidation I realize I'm not in the cell. I'm not in the arena. I'm definitely not at home. The room is dark but I can make out Johanna, curled into a fetal position, still asleep. In fact, so is Annie, her forehead propped against the window glass. With sleep a futile achievement, I decide I might as well take over from Annie. Gently I brush against her shoulder. "Hey." She's got my hand in a deadlock grip before her eyes have fully opened. Defense mechanisms don't stop, especially after you've been relying on them for months. "Sorry," says Annie and lets me go when she realizes I'm posing no harm. "It's okay." I point towards the sofa. "Get some rest." Before long I find myself tapping mindlessly on the windowsill, trying to find a rhythm to keep me from zoning out. Half the skyline is without electricity. Hovercrafts soar through the air, dark fantasy creatures with iron wings. The streets around us are purged clean. And yet some indescribable force draws me to the battleground. With every cry I hear, I wonder: Could it be hers? Is she there, shooting unerring arrows at assailants? Is she looking for me? Does Gale have her back? I don't know what I hope to achieve by torturing myself like this, but when Johanna comes to take over guard duty I have exhausted myself with worry about someone I'm not sure is even still alive. I wake up to a ray of sun purposely blinding me. Ugh. A truck the size of what they use to collect Eleven's crop merrily commutes through my head. I feel like Haymitch after an all-nighter at the Hob; hungover, sluggish and with limbs made of lead. My companions must already be awake. I follow the sound of muffled voices to the kitchen, door left slightly ajar. The conversation ceases as I step inside. "Oh. Hey. You're up." The table is clustered with medical supplies. Annie is just finishing a bandage on Johanna's right arm. "You're good," she declares. Johanna pulls down the sleeve, then turns to me. "Shower's working. How about you check it out before they bomb the water lines? We laid out some clothes for you." I mutter a thanks and leave the girls to sort through their issues. In the bathroom I spot the towel rack and promised wardrobe. A flashy, neon-orange dress shirt and some comparatively dull brown pants. Disgusted, I throw my soiled clothes on top of Annie and Johanna's discarded uniforms. To say I'm dirty underneath is an affront to the word. But with the press of a few buttons I enjoy the luxury of vanilla-scented water. Time to size up. I'm prepared for the worst confronting the mirror. I'm not let down. Had someone shown me a picture of myself in the state I was in, I wouldn't have recognized that person. The man looking back at me is twenty years older, a kind estimate. A scraggy beard is clotted with blood from my broken nose. I catch a glimpse of the whip-marks on my back. Rainbow bruises all over. I've lost an alarming amount of weight. Would make someone from the Seam look like an overfed first-classer. That's what you get when you try to double-deal the Capitol. It ropes you right back in, settling the score. Sifting through the cabinets I look for a razor. The beard has to go, no question. Coming up empty I give a frustrated growl. Don't these people shave? I know of the chemicals employed during the Games to inhibit hair growth, but can't imagine they're being used on a daily basis. Never mind. I'll get dressed, get a knife from the kitchen and do it the old way. With my new pants about halfway up I make a vertical leap at Annie's sudden outburst. "Peeta! Peeta!" Her voice is eerily reminiscent of 4 o'clock's jabberjays. "Peeta!" I burst through the door, prepared to fend for our lives. What I find are Annie and Johanna in a state of bewilderment, staring wide-eyed at a hologram that just auto-started on TV. I almost drop my goddamn pants. On screen we're introduced to the debris of what used to be a factory of sorts. The camera zooms in through the rising smoke. My breath hitches. There she is. A girl with a braid and arrows on her back. Resolved, a sooty Katniss Everdeen proclaims to the viewers, "I have a message for President Snow…" Hand outstretched I step closer, grasping thin air as I try to take a hold of the girl that conquered my mind from day one. The hologram flickers and Annie pulls me back before I jinx this little spectacle. We watch the scene unfold. Katniss, clad in tar black battle armor, points to a smoldering Capitol hovercraft in the background. "Do you see that? Fire is catching. And if we burn, you burn with us!" Cut. A golden mockingjay appears, a replica of Katniss' district token, breaking from its cage. Bold capital letters animate to JOIN THE REBELLION NOW . Then the screen fades to black. The holo terminates. Stupefied silence sets in. And that , I think, is how a revolution is made.