look. Is that a deer?" she whispers. He comes back over to look. "It looks like it. Good job Kit-Kat." He wants to teach her more about tracking, so he points out, "Do you see how those branches are broken on the ends?" She looks past them, not seeing what he is pointing out to her. "They are right there Kit-Kat. See them?" Her face lights up when she finally sees them. "I see them now. Do we go after it?" "Yeah, come on. Shhhh though. We don't want to scare it." They only have to go about 200 feet before they see the doe standing there munching on some leaves. Jack slowly pulls an arrow from his quiver, and notches it in his bow. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees his Kit-Kat doing the same thing. "Don't release until I say three. Ok?" she gives him a short nod in reply. They both take aim with the deer not even noticing them at all. "One," he breathes. "Two," he looks to see if she is ready. His heart swells with pride when he sees her touch the string to her lips. "Three," He whispers. Their arrows go flying through the air, with his sinking into the doe's neck, and hers going into its eye. They both stand there and watch the creature fall. Then with a whoop, he is picking her up and swinging her around. Their giggles fill the forest so, that a blond-haired baker's son wonders if it's the fairies who are laughing as it surrounds him. Jack looks around and sees that they are fairly close to the lake. "We are almost there. Let's go clean this up, wash our hands, and then head back?" "Ok, Daddy. Are we going to trade for it? Maybe tomorrow?" "Of course. And before you ask, yes you can come with me." "Thank you, Daddy. I would hug you, but you are covered in blood." "Come on. Let's go wash." Soon they are at the lake. He sets down the deer, and pulls out his knife so he can field dress it. Katniss, meanwhile, pulls off her boots and socks. She rolls up her pants, and starts to wade in the shallow water at the shore. She finds several potatoes quickly, and puts them in the game bag. She throws it over her shoulder, Daddy puts the deer back over his, and they start back towards the fence. They walk for about twenty minutes, when Katniss sees a flock of mockingjays land in the trees above her. She stops and watches them situate themselves on the branches. She doesn't even notice Daddy moving away from her. She quickly sings a couple of lines from the Valley Song. And soon they are echoing it back to her. "Daddy—" she looks at where she thought he was standing beside her. She calls again, louder this time, "Daddy! Come here! Where are you?" The mockingjays pick up her, "Come here." and sing it back to her. She looks at them, annoyed. "Oh hush, you stupid birds." They shower her with, "Stupid birds, stupid birds." She ignores them and keeps on walking down the path towards what she thinks is the fence. Not too far away, Peeta can hear something saying stupid. He really can't make out anymore except that they keep saying stupid over and over, and it worries him for a minute that maybe Mother has found him in the woods, and is now coming after him; instead of going towards the voices and the giggles he just heard, he takes a sharp right and goes that way. By now in the forest, he has reached the part where it's the forest floor and there isn't really much undergrowth at all. So he doesn't really have to worry about a path. He hears the voice that is calling him stupid come to where it sits above him. He swallows his panic, and carefully looks up. About five feet above him, perched in a pine tree sits, a mockingjay. "Stupid birds," It says to him. "No, I'm a stupid boy," he says relieved, that it was only a bird. "I'm a stupid boy. I'm a stupid boy." The bird parrots back to him. "I'm a stupid boy." And then it is joined by other mockingjays. When they are all together on the branch they begin to sing, "Deep in the meadow, under the willow, a bed of grass, a soft green pillow—" Peeta looks up at them in surprise. There is only one person who comes into the forest to sing to the birds like that. And she is the reason why he is out here to begin with. He looks towards the area the birds flew from and starts to make his way towards it. "Daddy!" she screams again. "Great," she mutters under her breath. "Daddy! Where did you go?" The silence is what answers her back. She holds her breath for just a moment and listens. She doesn't ever remember the woods being that quiet. The hair on the back of her neck feels like it is standing up and then she is so cold; like she jumped into the lake in the early spring. All of a sudden the noise in the woods is overwhelming her senses. She frantically looks around, trying to see who might be out there. In a blind panic, she starts to run away from where the noise is the loudest. She isn't really paying attention to where she is going, but just wants to get away… He is running towards the noise. He isn't really sure how far he runs, he isn't really paying attention to where he is going when he runs into something… She runs into something slightly taller than her, certainly more solid than she is… They both land on their bottoms and look up in surprise at one another. "Katniss—" he says in amazement. "Peeta—" she says annoyed.