speechless. I let go of him and say, "Get up." He gets to his feet, and I reach for his belt while he is reaching for my bra. Once he is naked, he starts kissing me again. He pops the garter belt, and murmurs, "As much as I want to fuck you wearing these, right now, I just want you, and me, skin to skin." I can feel my need dripping at his words. His hardness rubs up against my stomach, making me want him even more. I step away and pop the buttons holding up my stockings. I step away and give him a wink as I put on foot up on the bed. I start rolling it down my leg, trying my best to look sexy. By the way he is looking at me, I think I'm doing it. I ease the sock off, and then pick up my other leg. This time, he is the one easing down the stocking. What makes it even better is the sweet kisses he presses down my leg until he gets to my foot. It surprises me when he kisses each one of my toes when he sits down on the bed. He guides me to where I'm standing in between his knees, and he then take my belt and my thong and pulls them off my hips. I can feel his eyes on me, and while he is looking, I glance down at his hardness jutting up in between his legs. This time, unable to stop myself, I drop to my knees. He falters for a moment, until I press a kiss on the head. I look up at him through my eyelashes, and this time when I kiss him, I open my mouth so I can taste his essence that is starting to drip through his slit. His growl of, "Damn Katniss," spurs me on well that and the feel of his hands in my hair. He is doing it just right, not pushing me to take him deeper but letting me control the speed. I'm only really able do it for a moment, then he is pulling me back. He kisses me when I'm face to face with him. "The first time I come with you, I want to be balls deep buried inside of you." He flips me over and I land with a giggle. I watch him, watching me and it makes me feel so beautiful. He gets up on his knees and moves until he is in between my legs. "But first, I want to taste you." His words wash over me, then before I can do anything, he is there. I can feel him parting my soft folds, and finding the bundle of nerves there. I clutch the sheets, as he presses a gentle kiss there. Then, after years and years of wondering what it would be like for Peeta Mellark to go down on me, well, it's even more mind blowing than even I imagined. I can feel him drawing my clit into his mouth, and sucking on it, making me shatter. I'm still shaking and catching my breath when he crawls over me. He pauses at my breasts, and takes one of my nipples into his mouth. I can feel myself climbing that steep hill again when he pulls away. He doesn't go far just reaching over into the top drawer of his bedside table. I can hear the wrapper being torn, then he returning to me. He holds himself up over me, and whispers, "Are you ready for me?" I bite my lip, a nervous habit I thought I had given up years ago. "I think I've always been ready for you." He gives me that lopsided grin, and I know that he is grabbing a hold of himself. He teases my slit the head of his dick, making me beg, "Oh please, Peeta. I need you inside of me." "Oh you do?" I nod and wrap my arms around his shoulders pulling him down on me. As he lowers himself, I feel him easing into me. It's been too long since I was filled like this, then add to that the fact that Peeta Mellark is getting ready to fuck me, makes me tremble all over. Once he is all the way inside of me, he pauses for a long moment. "I think I could freeze this moment and stay in it forever." He doesn't give me a chance to say anything, before he is pulling out of me, and then comes back. I lift my hips, opening myself up even more to him, as he builds up speed. He doesn't look away, not even once until he comes, right after I come for the third time and then, he rests his forehead against mine. I can feel him growing soft inside of me, but it seems like neither one of us wants to be the one to break the connection. He finally asks me, "Do you want to have a sleep over?" I chuckle, and gently push him off of me, the urge to pee greater right now. "What about Knox?" Peeta looks at the clock hanging beside the front door. He then reaches for his cell and quickly dials. I wrap the sheet off the bed around me and go to the bathroom, so he can have his privacy. I'm looking in the mirror, loving the flush on my cheeks and he gave me when there is a knock. I'm still wrapped in his sheet, when I pull the door open. The Peeta Mellark on the other side of the door steals my breath away and I realize with a pang, that he could steal my heart very easily. Especially when he grin that smile, that one right there that makes my heart- "Dad said that Knox can spend the night. But I have to open for him." I open the door even wider and he claims me…