sliding it down over my shoulder and steps impossibly closer, making my breath shudder and my heart skip a beat. For some reason, his simple admission, reaches me. So many words have been whispered, said, shouted even, but that is what reaches me. He can tell that something shifted, because he continues, "I am so lost without you." He nudges my nose with his, and with a butterfly whisper, he lightly steals a kiss. He says, as she rests his forehead against mine, "Please, Katniss. I can't—" he pauses for a moment and the sight of his tears on his eyelashes breaks me. "I can't. Not without you. I was a fool for thinking that leaving would fix this, fix us. All it did was break us. I need you Mrs. Mellark." I sniff through my tears. "I need you more than I've ever needed anyone. I miss you holding me when we slept, I miss you kissing me, I miss you dancing in the kitchen with Ella and Toby." I laugh through my tears, "Don't you ever think about leaving me again." I pinch his side. "we take care of each other, remember?" He kisses me, then with his lips still on mine, he says, "Ok, Mrs. Mellark." Before his tongue invades my mouth. My arms snake around his neck, and I stand on my tip toes to reach him. It's not until I sigh into his mouth that he wraps his arms around me. I can feel the clasp of my bra come lose, he breaks the kiss long enough to slide it to the floor. We meet to continue our kiss, and he guides me back towards the bed until my knees bump the edge. That knocks me off balance, and we fall together onto the bed. I can't help but to giggle, and his deep chuckle let's me know that he is home to stay. His kisses remind me that we belong together as he cups my breast. His touch trails down my body until he finds my curls. My hand finds his hardness and he shivers beside me. "Damn, Katniss." He swears as he rolls me over. He kisses my lips again and growls, "I'll have to make it up to you later." He lines himself up and slides inside of me. "It's been far too long." I moan to agree with him because he is biting my nipple, rendering myself incapable of speech for the moment. I run my fingers through his hair, making him grunt while he starts to thrust his hips. When I finally draw a breath, on my exhale I say, "Fuck, Peeta." He lets go of me long enough to smack his lips. "Your milk is as delicious as ever, dear." I roll my eyes and grin at him. "Fuck me, please." He grinds against me, this time catching my clit. "I aim to please, my dear." He begins to pump in earnest, making me gasp with my rushing orgasm. It's been too long, far too long and it's taking everything I have to chase after the endorphins rushing through my body. The emotion washes over me, leaving me panting. Peeta grunts one last time, and I'm so high that I can't even understand what he is saying above me as he stills, while he is still inside me. He collapses on the bed, rolling us onto our sides so he stays buried deep inside of me. It takes us both a minute to be able to find our words again and even then, we can't get anything past our lips but a simple 'I love you' and 'damn'. I'm not sure how long we lie there, but I know that I will never get enough of him. His touch, his gaze, his voice, even the way he smells. I say, "I want to stay here in this moment forever." He kisses my forehead. "I'll allow it." We must have dozed off, because the next thing I know, I can hear Toby is fussing over the monitor. I slowly start to get up, but Peeta pulls me back to his side. "Toby needs me." Peeta opens his eyes. "Do you want me to go get him?" "Thank you. It's up to you," I answer. He rolls out of the bed, while I get ready for Toby. I hear a happy giggle over the monitor, and say a silent thank you to the one who brought us together. My men come back to me, two blond heads bobbing in my direction. The smaller one smacking his lips, reaching for me, and his father grins at me. In just a second, the short one is eating while his dad watches for a moment before he whispers, "Can I stay?" I look up at him, dread creeping in even though I try to push it aside. I look down at the nursing baby and whisper, "Do you want to?" He sits down beside me, and lifts my chin with his knuckle. "I never want to leave your side again. I can get dressed at the bakery in the morning." I nod. "Are you moving back home?" He nods. "I want to." I smile, and it feels like the sun has just come out after a rainy day. "I'll allow it." End note… this is a story that started because I wanted to explore writing them fighting. Then I needed a reason… so then came the idea for Katniss having postpartum depression. So while she is very upset that Peeta couldn't help her more, many don't know how to help a new mom when she feels this way. For Peeta, he left as a reaction to something Katniss may have done a couple of months earlier. Life is not perfect, and if anyone knows this, these two do. I like to think from this point, Katniss along with Peeta's support, is going to talk to her doctors and getting the help that she needs.