Wait, what am I saying? I look down at my sister, who is still dumbfounded by the sights and smells before her. "Nice to meet you, Peeta!" she exclaims, looking directly at him. "My name's Primrose, but everyone calls me Prim. This is a beautiful bakery you have here! Did you make all of this stuff yourself?" Peeta smiles brightly at her question. "Well, some of it. My dad and brothers make the bread, but I do the cakes myself." "You mean the ones in the window? They're rinkini - like little works of art!" I smile and shake my head at my sister's exuberance as she somehow manages to echo my thoughts. "Well, thank you very much for such a nice compliment. It's nice to know that someone appreciates my handiwork," he says and winks at her. I notice a slight streak of red spread across her cheeks at his gesture. Prim has always been a charmer, but this Peeta has somehow managed to one-up her. "But really, is there anything I can get you today?" "No," I tell him as our eyes meet again. That shade of blue is so captivating… I could look into them all day. "We were just stopping in to take a look on our way back home. Sorry to bother you." "Oh, it's no bother at all. We're just about to close up shop, and I still have all these cookies left. Would you ladies like one to take home?" "YES!" Prim shouts before I can even get a word out. I grab her lightly by the arm and turn her toward me, scowling as I give her the evil eye. "I mean, yes, please…" she corrects herself. I sigh and shake my head, because she's still not getting it. Peeta smiles and heads behind the counter, pulling out two cookies from a tray. He puts each one into a small bag and hands one to Prim, who graciously accepts hers, before handing the other to me. I smile politely as I take it from him and place it in my satchel for later. "How about a loaf of bread, too, for your dinner?" he offers. Before I can even respond, he's already back behind the counter again, wrapping up one of the cracked loaves and shoving it into Prim's hands. I want to say something, perhaps offer a word of thanks for his kindness. "We don't have any money," I blurt out instead. I'm obviously not very good with words. "Oh, you don't have to pay me-" "But we must!" I say, cutting him off. "I insist!" "I know how we can pay you back," Prim starts, stepping between Peeta and me. "Peeta, why don't you stop by our booth at the Harvest Festival tomorrow. Katniss is an amazing fortune-teller and can give you a free palm reading in return for the cookies and bread." I'm a bit taken aback by her suggestion, but it's not an entirely bad one. I really don't like owing people for things, and Prim's compromise gives me the opportunity to pay him back. Peeta appears to be considering it too, as he looks to me for confirmation. I give him a polite smile and nod in agreement. "Well, how can I say no to that? I'll definitely be there. Any particular time?" "No, we'll be there all day, so whatever works best for you is fine. But we need to be going now. Come on, Prim! Mama is waiting for us!" "It was nice meeting you, Peeta! Latcho Drom !" my sister calls out as I push her towards the door. Peeta gives us a little wave as we head outside. Once we're back out on the street, I grab Prim by the hand brusquely and begin marching down the street toward our motel, pulling her behind me. She stays quiet for a block or so, and then stops me. "What's the hurry? I thought we were trying to avoid kitchen duty?" "Yes, but that doesn't mean we should stop and talk to every gaje that crosses our path!" "Awww, lighten up, Katniss. Peeta was really nice. And I'm pretty sure you were checking him out..." " Hush , Prim! I most certainly was not!" I insist, but I know it's a lie. "Yes, you were… you were totally on fire for him, admit it!" I shake my head vehemently, refusing to answer. "Come on, let's hurry back before Mama gets worried and sends Gale out to look for us!" We walk the remaining few blocks back to the Seam, silence enveloping us both. Upon returning, Mama immediately puts us to work in the kitchenette, peeling potatoes and washing/chopping vegetables for our evening meal. Dinner is oddly quiet, though we do slice up and eat the bread that Peeta gave us. It's filled with raisins and nuts, making it both hearty and delicious. Prim and I agree not to tell Mama where it came from, and thankfully, she doesn't ask. Once the dishes are cleaned up, Mama suggests we sleep so that we can be at the Hob early tomorrow. As we settle into our bed for the night, my mind continues to race for what seems like hours. It isn't until I allow myself to think about Peeta and how I can't wait to see those beautiful blue eyes of his again that I'm finally relaxed enough to fall asleep. A/N: The SCRIBE Network has an excellent Romani dictionary that has been VERY useful to me while writing this story (link in my profile) The Shel Silverstein poem referenced is from his collection, "Where The Sidewalk Ends". At some point, either Mr. Silverstein or his publisher made the decision to change the word "Gypsies" to "Googies" due to the history of discrimination against the Romani people, though older versions with the original poem are still in circulation. You can find me on tumblr as chelziebelle - stop by and say hi if you'd like! :)