is walking through the Seam part of town. He's never been through here before, and the artist part of him wants to capture the run down houses with the children who are playing among them. He is used to being ignored, and now, he is content to just watch. One little girl who looks to be about five, runs up to him. "HimynameisPosyandI'mplayingwithmybrothers," she pauses to get a breath before she continues, "andyoucancomeandplaytoowhatisinyourbagandwhydoyouhaveastick?" He chuckles nervously. "My name is Peeta and I'm on my way to go paint." "Get back over here Posy!" A boy, who is a little bigger than Posy yells. "He's too busy for you!" She turns to the boy. "Wait just a minute Vick!" She looks back to Peeta, and bites her little lip. "I gotta go. Will you come back? I want to see your paints." "I can do that. Go play and I'll see you later." He watches her skip back to the boy and she leaves him with a smile on his face. He continues on down the lane, his shuffle quickening when he sees the rolling green of the field. He pauses when he gets to the edge and just breathes. The grass almost reaches his knees, and little yellow and blue wildflowers dance along with the breeze blowing through with the forest, beckoning to him. It's all so beautiful and such a wonderful sight to his tired eyes. He hates to even walk through the meadow, so he staggers along the uneven ground right on the edge until he reaches the trees. When he spies the same rock he crawled on many years ago, his weak step speeds up. He sets down the knap sack and while he looks for the changes that have taken place, he tries to rub the soreness out of his protesting muscles. He hums happily when he sees everything as it was, as if he had never stopped visiting his spot. Renewed hope in his future makes the hop easy, and soon he is settled, sketching away. No one ever taught him how to draw, but he starts with the trees first. Their shapes come through quickly, followed by the details. He glances up and meets another set of eyes hidden among the trees. His breath catches and he is so surprised that he drops his pencil in the dirt. He is unable to look away, mesmerized by the flashes of silver. The eyes blink slowly and he can feel their gaze raking over him. He supposes that he should be afraid, but instead there is a certain peace and curiosity. His eyes scan the bushes around the eyes trying to make out whom or what is watching him. The eyes blink once, twice, then the third time they are gone. Peeta stares at the spot so long, trying and willing for them to come back so he can see them again. He isn't sure how long he sits there, but a little mockingjay flying by singing her sweet song startles him out of his trance. It's now his turn to blink fast, feeling lost, more lost than he ever has before. He looks down at his paper, and even though he doesn't want to draw anymore, he picks his pencil up and adds the silver eyes before he starts to cry at the loss of something wonderful. After sitting for a while thinking about everything, but not really anything at all, he finally notices that the sun has started its descent. As fast as his leg will allow, he eases himself up and gathers his stuff. He shoulders his bag, and traces his footsteps back the way he came. He pauses at the end of the lane leading into the Seam and looks for the same children who were out playing. His heart falls a little when he doesn't see anyone, so he heads on to the merchant section of town. "Peeta!" He looks up to see Delly headed for him. He waves back, and she reaches him, a little breathless. "You need to come with me." She doesn't even wait for him to nod, before she is dragging him towards the alley behind her parent's shoe store. Peeta is not at all surprised to see Bram standing there. He doesn't expect to see their father standing behind his brother. "Dad? What are you doing here?" "I was worried about you. I'm trying to get your mother to let you come back—" "No, Dad. Mr. Undersee offered me a job at the mansion, or even the Justice Building if I want it. You don't have to worry about me." Even he can hear the pride that he's never heard before in his voice. "A job at the Justice Building?" Bram asks, "If you don't want that one, can I have it? That way Delly and I can go ahead—" She interrupts him with a squeak, and then a prompt slap on the arm. Then, through gritted teeth, she murmurs, "Daddy said that you can apprentice here." Mr. Mellark blink at the young people surrounding him. "Well then. I guess Rye will inherit the bakery." Peeta and Bram exchange a quizzical look. "Are you sure about that Dad?" Bram starts. Peeta asks, "Does Rye even want it?" "No matter. One of you must take it, and if Watcher choses one of you—" "Oh that won't happen," Peeta boasts. "Why do you say that?" Mr. Mellark asks. "Because a Mellark has already been chosen." Mr. Mellark's face falls. "Oh no. A Mellark has never been chosen. I'm not sure where you heard that." "I thought you—" Bram stutters out. Delly grabs his arm. "it will be ok. Watcher will choose someone else." Bram grabs her and pulls her into a hug that is so sweet and so sorrowful that Peeta has to look away. His dad looks nervous for a moment before he throws his arms around Peeta. "It will be ok, son. It will be ok."