Brytis was doing anything. But he was in the kitchen ordering the Avox's around. I wanted to ask for a glass of water but they were already under enough stress. "Clove? Can I help you with something?" asked Brytis. I must have been staring at him by mistake. "Um… I was just going to ask for a glass of water." "Than order them." Said Brytis. I didn't want to order them it seemed rude. The Avox's were staring at me waiting for the order, which would never come. Instead I walked over to the kitchen and grabbed it myself. Brytis seemed frustrated and stormed out the room. Us tributes are not supposed to do things ourselves. I was surprised that we were allowed to shower ourselves. I was walking around our floor for hours wondering if Cato was finished with his stylist when Almata called me back to the sewing room. She finished and it only took her a few hours. I was impressed it looked as if they were made of real gold. I loved it, Almata got me to try it on right away. It fit me perfectly. I walked out the sewing room to see Brytis, Maggie, Almata and Plutarch sitting in the living room staring at me. They stood up and clapped, Almata was in tears. She loved it so much, a smile came across my face. A couple doors down from me Cato came out. Everyone clapped again and I did also. We walked over to each other but before we could speak our stylists pulled us back to undress. Chapter Five: Jealous? I Think Not! Once I changed back into my dress, dinner was ready. I sat at the table next to Maggie and Almata. Cato sat across from me with Brytis and Plutarch beside him. "By now all the districts are here." Said Maggie. "Yes and they will be preparing for the opening ceremony tomorrow, but with all our preparations done, I have arranged a meeting for you two with Maggie. To discuss weaponry, survival skills and stuff like that, so I want you to up at 6am." Brytis said. 6am? Seriously. The opening ceremony doesn't start until 5:30pm. Is this meeting going to go for 11 and a half hours? I seriously hope not. For some reason I don't think Maggie likes me. I don't like her either. Her big blue eyes, wavy blond hair, she thinks she's perfect. She is always staring at Cato it is kind of awkward. She's 20 and Cato's 16. But I won't let that get to me. Dinner was amazing, roast vegetables, meat and mash potato. I turned down the Caramel ice-cream puffs, which were dessert because I had 3 plates of dinner. I left the table, leaving Cato there… with Maggie. Soon enough it was only them two at the table. They must have been sitting there for hours, chatting, laughing, flirting… I was becoming jealous. But I still won't let it get to me. I decided to take a shower, maybe the hot water will calm me down. By the time I got out I was exhausted. So I put on the pajamas one of the Avox's must have left out for me. They were so comfy. I hopped into the bed. The mattress seemed to sink me into it. The sheets were silky. I knew I would get a great sleep tonight. Before I drifted off I heard Maggie and Cato talking. "Well Cato, any girl would be happy to have you, you're beautiful eyes, strong muscles and great personality." I heard Maggie say with a giggle. "Yes, but there's only one girl for me, she's gorgeous, caring and I couldn't live on if I were to lose her." Cato said. "And who is that?" Maggie said softly while giggling. "Clove." Cato said. Me? Cato isn't falling for her at all! He loves me. I love him as well. "WHAT? HER? I THOUGHT YOU LOVED ME!" Maggie shouted. But before Cato could answer I heard Brytis shout "YOU TWO, SHUT IT. CATO YOU SHOULD GO TO BED, IT'S A BIG DAY TOMORROW." I heard a door slam, must've been Maggie. I closed my eyes to sleep but when I opened them again Cato was standing over my bed. He knelt down and kissed my forehead and whispered, "I love you Clove." I pretended to be asleep until he left. I smiled, I love him so much and no one can change that. I drifted off to sleep, and once again Cato was my dream. Chapter Six: A Meeting Full Of Disappointment I opened my eyes to a bright sun in my face, a blond Avox has woken me up and laid out a light purple dress over the chair next to my bed. I could hear breakfast being served. "Great, I'm starving." I heard Cato say. I threw my legs over the side of the bed to look at the dress. It was beautiful. After I put it on I brushed my hair and placed it into a double braided ponytail. When I walked out I was greeted to the table. The table was packed as a buffet as always. Maggie was not sitting at the table. She was eating in the living room. I smiled. I just couldn't help myself. I sat down next to Cato. He smiled at me sweetly and his sparkly blue eyes looking through mine. I started to blush so he looked away and smiled. We can't have people know about us with the arena and all. No one noticed, but you can never be too careful. Everyone started to finish off there breakfast and leave. Great, now it was time for the meeting then apparently the opening ceremony at 5.30pm. I seriously don't want to be sitting in a room with Maggie for 11 hours. Cato and I walked to the living room where Maggie was and she got up and walked over to a small room