as Rory tries holding on tighter, and this time another boy steps up and — just like Gale did for Katniss — takes Rory from him and takes him back to Hazelle. It's the baker's son, Peter or something like that, with sandy hair and a bruise from his mother on one cheek. But all of that doesn't matter now. He feels himself walk, feel the gazes of hundreds of people as if he were a bug under the inspection of a magnifying glass, feels the sweltering heat of those gazes, feels it absorb into his very being like a black hole. He'll burn everything in his wake, suck the Capitol dry and spit out their bones. Make them pay for what they put us through. Effie must see how angry he is because when she bends to beckon him up the stairs, her expression falls a little and she starts looking uneasy — she knows that she's made him mad. Beside her, is Katniss, and her mouth is open a little and her eyes wide, like she's stammering. She, too, is in shock, probably feels empty inside. Gale is — was — her lifeline outside of the arena. Now he's going in with her. They both know who would sacrifice themselves for the other. He's so numb and shocked and too immersed in staring at Katniss and at his family in the crowd that he barely catches the end of Trinket's sentence. "Huh? What?" Trinket does that simpering eye-flutter and smiles at him, albeit forced, and touches up her hair with one pale, green clawed hand. "Both tributes shake hands," she says, voice not as bright and chipper as it was at the start of the Reaping. It's most likely due to his rather prominent anger licking visibly just under the cover of his skin. Oh, yes. The handshake. Gale used to watch the tributes shake hands, and in his mind he would come up with new meanings for the handshake shared between the chosen victims. One year it was 'good luck', another year it was 'this is hell' and one year it was 'we're both going to die'. This year, with Gale up on the stage and Catnip as his unfortunate district tribute, he knows what he's going to make this handshake symbolise. Katniss turns to him and she seems to be thinking of shaking his hand or something else, but Gale reaches straight for her with his mind made up, and with his index, middle, and ring finger, hooks them around her own three fingers and shakes firmly. It's a custom in the Seam, a rather old and rare one at that, but a kiss of the three main fingers is a signal of good luck, but a handshake with three fingers means something entirely different. A handshake with three fingers is what the old miners used to do. Mining is dangerous work, a fact proven by both of their fathers, and sometimes miners could lose a finger or two, but still they would continue mining, because they had to in order for their families to survive. A handshake with three fingers became something rebellious people would use. It's a symbol of perseverance; I've lost two fingers and I'll hook my remaining fingers around yours in order to show you that I've still got strength in me, I can still go on. I'll survive. It's a sign of strength and perseverance, and Katniss' eyes go wide at the sight of his unorthodox handshake, but then the fire that Gale loves about her returns to her eyes and she hooks her fingers around his tighter and gives their hands a deft shake. Trinket stands between them looking a bit perplexed because she's got no idea what they're doing, because she's not cultured like they are, but after a while she nods, steps between them and cuts their handshake off. She chatters into the microphone. "Well wasn't that a lovely handshake! I love seeing such companionship! Now , it's time for our lovely tributes to go. Happy Hunger Games , and remember ; may the odds be ever in your favour !" As Gale gets escorted by peacekeepers into the town hall, he glances back at the crowd feeling like his fate is being sealed with the steadily closing doors, when he sees Katniss behind him, with three fingers in the air and the rest of the Seam mimicking the same signal back at her. In that moment, Gale feels like she's become the icon for something much bigger than what he thought that she'd be. It's like she's sprouted wings and will fly free of this goddamn hellhole, like she actually has a chance at this. Like she could win the Games. Something darker in Gale also says that she could break the Games, break it for good. It's something dark and horrid but the thought feels very pleasurable while it drifts through his head. The part of him that loves Katniss also says that he will help her achieve this impossible goal, a goal that he hadn't even realised he'd set out for them himself. Either way, Gale will make these Capitolite freaks remember this Hunger Games. The Game in which the girl with a fire burning in her eyes and a boy with anger burning in his soul will start a rebellion. I made a decision to not have Gale volunteer, because then it would take away from the fact that Katniss started the rebellion — she volunteered. Although I did originally write it so that Rory got chosen and Gale would volunteer for him, but then I thought that Katniss would most likely tell Gale not to volunteer — she would try keep Rory safe in the arena. Gale needs to help their families survive. I just didn't see it ending that well. EDIT: I'll see if I can update this but it may be next week or something like that, sorry guys! Please review!