looks like he couldn't care less either way which was comforting in a way. Plutarch was the most unnerving, he looked entertained. "This is rich! I say we make a production about your extremely messed up love life when this trial is over. Thoughts, Haymitch?" Haymitch looked deep in thought but responded. "I remember a story my mother used to tell me." This caught everyone's attention, even Plutarch's. "She told me that my great grandmother wasn't born a mermaid, but had a heart of the sea. I think the same thing is happening to your girl Fin." Plutarch coughed. "As interesting as your family history is Haymitch, it's time for our contestants to duke it out. Remember, major flesh wounds!" The mermen looked at each other as their platform parted and sent them to opposite ends of the arena. From my position, I could tell I was in the middle. I got out from my hiding place and started to carefully swim towards the middle. A few mers pointed me out and soon everyone and the three judges were watching me. I couldn't care less what any of them thought, most had wanted me dead moments again. When I reached the middle of the arena, it was a baron sand pit with coral hiding places surrounding. It's like the place was designed and made for Gale. I don't know how, but he somehow plotted the perfect way to win this. I scanned the corals for any signs of life, until I saw Finnick. Even with the seaweed for cameo, I would always be able to pick him out. I sigh with relief, he's safe. Next challenge, find Gale. Gale was easier to find, due to his scales. He was trying to blend in with gray boulders, but his tail kept catching the light. He also seemed to be moving away from me and around the pit. That was strange, I mean where could he possibly want to go unless... Damn it. Gale found Finnick like I had. Finnick wasn't moving, almost as if he planned this to happen. If I've learned one thing about Finnick's plans, they usually need a push or help from someone. Gale kept getting closer, Finnick stayed still, and I wondered what in the seas I should. I didn't know all the laws or how to fight. The only weapon I'd ever used was a pocket knife to gut fish. Now everyone and the elders was watching me to see what I might do. I heard a battle cry a hundred feet away and what sounded like a bow being fired. I look down at my tail. Memories flooded me as I silently and slowly swam with sword drawn. Like when they say life flashes before your eyes. It went backwards in time and stopped when Finnick told me "I . . . thought you were like me." I wasn't as strong or brave or goofy but I'm like him now and by the seven seas I'm going to use my stupid courage. I swim upon a scene of flying arrows and a fast moving blur. Both look unharmed and full of adrenaline. I gulp and take a deep breath. Don't fight unless you have to and try to get the elders to see reason. I took my sword and slammed it into the rock, creating a hole. All present turned to face me. Most looked awed or confused. Others looked angry. Finnick looked overjoyed and said a single word with a smile. "Annie." I smiled and swam over to his side and took his hand. Gale looked at with a new found fury. "It can't be her!" "I finished my transformation. I'm a full mermaid now." The elders swam in front of us. All attention shifted back to them. They still held the power after all. There faces showed they had come to a decision. Haymitch stepped forward. "Answer this truthfully. Do you love Finnick?" I didn't even hesitate with my reply. "More than anything." Effie smiled. "Finnick is not a traitor." A few protests rang out but were quickly silenced. "Seamates are to be kept safe no matter what. Finnick was doing just that. Gale, you have lost this trial and I hope you hold no grudges towards us, Finnick, or Annie." Gale's face was red but he nodded. Then, he quickly swam up and away. I hoped he could find his own happiness and let this matter go. Deep down, I knew that wouldn't happen. Effie looked at us. "We haven't forgot about you two! Wear your best tonight and head to the reef. It's about time you two got mated." The moonlight shined down to the bottom of the ocean that night. It's light danced off of the ring on my finger, the one Finnick took from my mother's bottle. Shell and pearl strands covered my arms and neck, were woven into my hair. My tail was polished so the light turned it to a brighter shade. Mags held one of my arms, Katniss held the other, and Prim led the front of her, was Finnick. He wore shells of every color and his tail's new color matched mine. The trident he held was traded with Mags for me. We took each others' hands and wrapped our tails around the others. Haymitch spoke of love, of happiness, of peace, of family. We answered I do to every question and held both the others' hands now. We had the same expressions on our faces and in our eyes as we each pictured what Haymitch said. Finally, we kissed and the pod clapped and cheered. We didn't go to the pod celebrations and if we did never very long. We swam away, back to the cave. And there we stayed the whole night. Enjoying our new lives, our love, and the miracle of it all. AN- My longest story yet. I hope all of you readers enjoyed. Like they say, favorite, follow, and review.