house. In the Everdeen house, there is a bedroom downstairs, and then 2 bedrooms upstairs. When Katniss and Vick pull a quickly fading Mr. Mellark in, Katniss says, "The downstairs bedroom, Vick. Then one of us will go get Mama." "I'll go." he volunteers. Katniss tries not the let the thought of being alone with Mr. Mellark bother her. After all, they are in a war, and with his ankle hurt, it's not like he is going to try anything. They enter the room, and they try to gently set Mr. Mellark down, but it ends up being an awkward drop onto the mattress. "Help him with his boots," Katniss softly commands as she helps him with his coat. Vick gets the one boot off, but hesitates with the left one. Katniss leaves the room quickly and comes back with a dirty kitchen towel. She spreads it out on the bed, and then they help him to lay down with his boot on the towel. Katniss pats Vick on the back, saying, "Go get Mama." And Vick takes off running all the way. Those blue eyes follow her as she hangs up his coat in the wardrobe. "Whose room is this?" he asks through clinched teeth. She turns to him and sees his pale complexion. "You are in a lot of pain, aren't you?" He sighs, "I've actually been through worse." he lifts his left arm, and she just now notices that he is still wearing his glove. He pulls it off with his teeth, revealing that his ring and pinky finger are the only ones left on that hand. He grabs his glove with his other hand, and pulls off the other glove, again with his teeth. She doesn't say a word, but steps forward, collects his gloves, and returns them to the coat she just hung up. She walks to the kitchen, and instinctively knows that he is watching her. She pours him a mug of water, and wets a rag with the same cool water and returns. When she comes back in, his eyes never leave her. She tries not to be nervous when she asks, "Tell me about yourself, Mr. Mellark." He sits up and accepts the mug, "Thank you," he whispers before he drinks it all. "Can I have some more?" She takes the mug from him and goes back into the kitchen. He waits for her to come back, and this time, he drinks slowly. "Thank you. My name is Peeta Mellark, and you may call me Peeta. I'm a captain in the Confederate Army. I was recently discharged because a Yank shot off my hand. I'm from Macon, Georgia and I was on the way home. I got lost in your woods until your bear trap caught me." "Oh no, that isn't my bear trap. I'm sorry it caught you. I would have picked it up if I had known." They hear footsteps on the front porch, and Katniss tells him, "That's Mama. Let me get her." Katniss runs to the front door, flinging it open startling Prim. "Where is Mama?" "The calf is coming. She will be along in a minute." Prim comes in, and lays her coat down on the chair. "Where is he?" "I put him in Mama and Daddy's room." "Is his ankle that bad?" "I think it is. Come on." Katniss leads her into the room where Peeta lays. "Prim this is Peeta Mellark. Peeta this is my sister Prim. She can doctor your ankle. Mama has been teaching her everything that she knows." "Help me get this boot off." Prim says. The girls work together, and even though they try to be gentle, they still hurt Peeta some. "Mr. Mellark, I think you need to take your pants off." Both Katniss and Peeta turn beet red at Prim's words. "Or I can cut them off, and we can try to mend them." "Don't you think you need to wait for Mama to get here?" Katniss whispers. "I don't know how much longer Mama will be. And I need to clean his ankle." Prim looks back at Peeta. "How about if you do what you are able, and then you can cover up with the quilt. Then I can get it off over your ankle. Holler when you want us to come back." And Katniss drags Prim out of the room. Katniss has just gotten the kettle on the stove, when they hear Peeta call. They go back in and Peeta is covered up and the girls can see his pants down around his knees. Prim gently removes his pants while Katniss stands there awkwardly. "Are you comfortable?" Prim asks. Peeta shyly nods, and Prim stars to look closer at his ankle. Katniss turns to walk out when Prim stops her. "Can you go get Mama's bag?" "That is where I was going, Dr. Everdeen." And walks on out the door. The bag is just in the kitchen, so she quickly grabs it, and sets me back down beside Prim, where she is still examining his ankle. Katniss goes back and gets the water in the kettle, which is now steaming, and some clean rags that Mama keeps for times like this. Even though it turns Katniss' stomach to watch her sister clean out the wound, she stays right by her side. Prim is getting ready to wrap it, when they hear footsteps on the porch again. Katniss leaves Prim, and meets Mama at the door. Lily still has that look in her eyes that she gets when there is someone that needs to be taken care of so Katniss just steps out of the way. She does follow her back into the room and watches as they work together fixing his ankle. When it's all wrapped, and Peeta is asleep from the willow bark to help with the pain; Lily looks at her girls and says, "Well I guess we are having company for a little while."