be repeated, it gave us the Hunger Games. The rules of the Hunger Games are simple. As punishment for the uprising from the Dark Days, each of the twelve remaining districts must provide one girl and one boy, called tributes, as participants. This makes twenty-four total tributes. They will be stuck in a vast outdoor arena that could hold anything from a burning desert to a frozen wasteland. Over a period of several weeks, the tributes must fight to the death. The last man standing is the winner. Taking the kids from our districts, forcing them to kill one another while we watch - this is the Capitol's way of reminding us how totally we are at their mercy. How little chance we would stand of surviving another rebellion. Whatever words they use, the real message is clear. "Look how we take your children and sacrifice them and there's nothing you can do. If you lift a finger, we will destroy every last one of you, just as we did in District Thirteen." To make it humiliating as well as torturous, the Capitol requires us to treat the Hunger Games as a festivity, a sporting event pitting every district against the others. The winning tribute, known as a victor, receives a life of ease back home, and their district will be showered with rewards, largely consisting of food. All year, the Capitol will present the victorious district with gifts of grain and oil and even delicacies like sugar while the remaining districts battle starvation. "It is both a time for repentance and a time for thanks," intones the mayor. Then he reads the list of past District 12 victors. In seventy-four years, we have only had two, and only one is still living. Haymitch Abernathy, a paunchy man in his mid-forties with dirty blonde shoulder-length hair that covers half of his face when he looks down. At this moment he appears hollering something unintelligible. He staggers onto the stage and falls into the third chair. He's drunk. Very. The crowd responds with its token applause, but he's confused and tries to give Effie Trinket a big hug, which she barely manages to fend off. The mayor looks anxious, probably thinking of how District 12 is currently the laughingstock of Panem - since this is all being televised, everyone in the country just saw Haymitch's spectacle. Mayor Undersee tries to switch everyone's focus back to the reaping. "Ladies and gentlemen . . . Effie Trinket, District Twelve escort." Bright and bubbly as ever, Effie Trinket trots to the podium and give her signature, "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor!" From across the crowd, I spot Gale looking at me with a ghost of smile. As far as reapings go, this one at least has a slight entertainment factor. But suddenly I am thinking of Gale and his forty-two names in that big glass ball and how the odds are not in his favor, not at all. Not compared to a lot of the boys. A look of confusion twists his features. "You okay?" he mouths to me. I nod and force a reassuring smile onto my face, but at that moment, he seems to realize the same thing I just did. His face darkens suddenly an he turns away. "But there are still thousands of slips," I wish I could whisper to him. But he's too far away to hear me. And besides, what good would it do for me to promise him we'll both be okay when really, no one has that reassurance. No one can definitely say that they won't get chosen. Now it's time for the drawing. "As usual, ladies first!" Effie Trinket says as she crosses to the girls' glass ball. She reaches in, digs her hand deep inside the ball, and fishes around for a moment to increase the drama and anticipation in the crowd. Everyone seems to draw in a collective breath and all falls silent as Effie pulls out one single slip. She takes her time unfolding it and the whole time I'm thinking of how I feel sick to my stomach and I so desperately hope that it's not me, that it's not me, that it's not me. Effie Trinket crosses back to the podium and flattens out the slip of paper against the podium's smooth wooden surface. She clears her throat lightly before reading the name out in a clear voice that rings across the square. That's how I know for sure that I didn't mishear it. No, it's not me. It's Primrose Everdeen. A/N: Hi, guys! Thank you so much for checking out the first chapter of The Hunger Games: Revised. I'm really hoping that this story will do Suzanne Collins's original story justice, which is why I used some of her best lines from the original book in this chapter. I promise that it won't be like this forever. The story picks up next chapter and I begin to shed some light on my own version of the story. If you like my writing in this story, be sure to check out one of my other THG fics, Squad 451. It follows Katniss and her life after Mockingjay, and focuses mainly on what would happen if Gale came back to District 12 (which I truly believe he would've eventually if Suzanne Collins had continued the series). It's Galeniss, but there's a TON of Everlark in there throughout the majority of the story so whether you like Gale or Peeta, you'll be happy! Please make sure you favorite/follow this story if you plan on coming back so you won't miss a single update! Or, if you want to follow me as an author, you can do that, too. Also PLEASE don't forget to review this chapter with your thoughts and ideas for the rest of this story. I can't wait to get to know you guys better and to share my ideas with you :)