both to the end of the room, slamming her into the open doorway so a picture frame on the wall nearby fell. She gasped into his mouth, anger flashing in her eyes as she glanced at the broken picture. "Haymitch! You can't just-" He pressed his lips against hers, silencing her with a kiss. "You…talk…too…much," he muttered between heated kisses. Effie swallowed her sudden anger and nibbled hard into his lips instead, receiving another growl. Her fingers slid down his shoulders and unbuttoned his shirt, running down his torso. She enjoyed the way his muscles contracted underneath her hands. Haymitch sucked her swollen lips once more before they left, trailing down to her jaw. His lips peppered a trail of kisses down her neck, stirring a small moan from her throat. He felt the woman tilt her head back, giving him more access to her neck. His lips were everywhere. On her pulse, her collarbone, the sensitive hallow in her throat…kissing, biting and sucking her skin. His hands soon wandered down, fingers caressing the side of her face, hands palming her breasts, sculpting her voluptuous curves. Effie moaned deeper into his mouth. Clutching onto the front of his shirt she pulled him in closer, pressing his body against hers and melting into his embrace. She soon felt his fingers creep daringly up her legs, pushing her pencil skirt up her legs, his fingers tracing a path up her thighs and to the growing pool between her legs. Effie wrapped her leg around his waist in response as she felt his hips pushing up against hers, her body aching for his touch. "HAYMITCH, IF YOU DON'T GET OUT HERE SOON-" A horrified gasp rang throughout the room just as the couple sprang apart. Katniss stood in the hallway, her jaw dropped, petrified. It didn't take her long to realise what had happened. From Haymitch's unbuttoned shirt and lipstick stained skin, and Effie's lopsided wig and various bites and bruises amongst her neck Katniss knew the couple wouldn't be able to feign innocence. Guilty, horrified eyes stared back at her. Katniss took a step back, lowering her eyes. A deep blush tainted her frozen cheeks. "Uh, Haymitch, I just came to say that Peeta and I did the interview already without you. But I'll leave you two alone…" The couple was sure that in all their time having known Katniss and having watched her in the Games, they have never seen the girl run faster. Effie took a steadying breath. She fixed up her lopsided wig and straightened down her skirt, before whirling around to Haymitch. She pounced on him like a rising storm. "Is it too much for you to act civil for once?" A slap shot out to his face and Haymitch quickly shielded himself from her attacking hands. "Do you even know what the word etiquette means?" "Hey, hey! If I recall sweetheart, you weren't complaining yourself". But Effie ignored his comment. Somehow ' but you started it ' didn't seem like the best reply. The realisation that there would be consequences for their actions was slowly dawning on her. Her eyes widened as she covered her mouth, horrified with herself. "Katniss saw us, what if she tells Peeta? Who else will know? What will they say? I can only begin to imagine the tabloids-" Haymitch repressed a small chuckle at her frantic state. Honestly, he couldn't care less what the kids thought. Knowing Katniss she would want to put the memory in the back of her mind and never speak of it again, let alone tell anyone else. Yes, she would probably tell Peeta, but it would end there. He sat down on the edge of his bed and pulled out a bottle of whisky from underneath, taking a swig of the burning liquid. "Take a seat and loosen your corset, Trinks," he said, receiving a burning glare. "Look, I missed the press but you heard Katniss, the two did fine without me," he paused, a suggestive glint returning to his eyes. He sauntered over to Effie who stood firmly with her arms crossed, her eyes still glaring at him furiously, as if their entire discovery was his fault. "The way I see it is that Katniss and Peeta are gone, no one else knows where we are so," he continued slowly, snaking his arms around her waist. "We have some time up our sleeves". "Oh no we don't," she smacked his hands away, pursing her lips together. " You need to go apologise to Katniss and Peeta for missing two of their interviews and I need to organise tomorrow evening's show with Caesar". Effie strolled over to her handbag and reached for her phone, immediately dialing some numbers. She headed for the door before she stopped. It was as if something inside of her was urging her to turn around, to stay. Perhaps the aching desire between her legs wasn't letting her give up. She turned around. "Haymitch," she called, a small smile tracing her lips. "I am free tonight …if you wish to come by". She left her suggestion hanging in the air, leaving the room to make a call. Haymitch watched her leave, a small smile playing on his lips. He took another swing of whisky before he followed her out of the room to find the 'Star-Crossed" Lovers. After all, Effie looked serious when she had asked him to speak to them but more importantly, he didn't want to piss her off before he saw her again tonight. Thanks so much for reading! I was going to leave it as a one shot, but depending on the number of reviews i may just write a sequel ;) Also i was gonna boost this up to m, but i felt that Effie, the prim and proper capital escort may have hesitated about giving in so easily, especially to the idea of being taken on the doorway. Anyway, please leave a review! Reviews are love 3