neck. "I've wanted you for so long, I don't think I can wait." "Wait for what?" she asks. He pauses for a moment then chuckles. He takes her nipple in his mouth and she gasps at the new sensation. She finds his curls again, and tries to pull him closer. Her hands never leave his head as he travels to her other breast. The sensation of him kissing her there makes her want him in another place. She just isn't sure how to tell him. She tugs at his hair, and he smiles against her skin. "I'm getting there, kitten." He sits up, and takes his shirt off. Through the years she has seen him shirtless many times. She has wanted to feel him since she was 14. She reaches out and touches his stomach, and she smiles when he quivers under her fingers. Her touch lingers when she looks up to his face. This time, he's the one who claims her hand and brings it to his lips. He grins at her and reaches for her boxers. She tries not to be embarrassed when she realizes that her best friend, now husband, is going to see how wet she is. He pulls them off and freezes, looking at her. She makes herself look up at his face. Instead of horror, he is smiling at her. He touches her knee, and slides his hand all the way up her thigh. Her legs fall apart instinctively, and she wants him to touch her there . She can't stop the moan when he does. His fingers find her clit, and she grabs his other hand when he starts to rub her, her eyes rolling back at the waves of pleasure washing over her. She grabs his arm, wanting to pull it away so he won't feel how wet she is there when he pushes his finger in anyway. Instead of the look of disgust she expects, he pulls his finger back, and licks her wetness off of it. She can't describe what she feels when he does that, she just knows that she wants him to do it again. But he doesn't. He stands up. She just knows that he is going to leave her now. She just wants him to go away so she can be alone in the light of his rejection. Instead, he goes to the bottom of the bed and lays down in between her legs. Before she can ask him what is he doing, he is there licking her clit. Her back arches off of the bed. More waves of pleasure roll through her. She feels something coiling in her belly and she can't help herself as she comes. He is still gently licking her while she feels like a limp rag doll. He sits up on his heels, and slides his shorts off. She admires him and at the same time is a little scared that he is going to put that in there. He suddenly has a condom, sheathes himself and lays on top of her to kiss her deeply. She doesn't miss herscent on his lips. Instead of being repulsed by it, it makes her feel that taut feeling again. He reaches down in between them, and she gasps at his intrusion. Her nails dig into his shoulders when he comes up against her natural barrier. "Oh God, Katniss. You mean you're a virgin?" With tears in her eyes, she begs, "Don't stop, and don't leave me. Please." He kisses her tears away. "I don't think I could if I tried." He doesn't move down there, but he does put his hands on either side of her head. He gently pushes in, and she hangs on to him. When he is all the way inside of her. He stops and looks down at her. "I had no idea—" "Shhh. I was saving it for you." At her words, she thinks she sees him tear up some. He rests his forehead against hers. "I love you. Now, it shouldn't hurt anymore." And then he starts to move. Slowly at first, he pumps in and out until she opens her legs trying to let him deeper on every push. She can feel the tension coiling again and hangs on to him tighter. This time he gasps and goes stiff in her arms. He moves his hips a couple of times and this time, Katniss realizes that she is having an orgasm. Waves of pleasure wash over her again, as she comes with him. His kisses make her open her eyes, and she meets his smile with a face-splitting one in return. She kisses him deeply. He lays down beside her, and they lay there for a moment looking up at the ceiling. "How long do we have to wait before we can do that again?" There will be more…. I promise… I have two more parts planned! As some of you may or may not know, these fics usually take a small army of people to get it looking as nice as they do and to you. There are some writers who do it all, I'm not one of them. So first, I need to thank Sohypothetically. she is not only a great comma policewoman, but she is a good friend, especially when I call her freaking out about this… twice… she is just wonderful. And for my sweet Norbertsmom. Thank you for your all-seeing reading abilities. You rock dear! And to Whowhatsitwhich… thank you for listening to me when the mister was tired of hearing me whine, and for reading… thank you for that too! But most of all, thank you Street for putting all of this together. I know how it is with two little ones and you don't know if you are coming or going half of the time. You are doing great things by hosting this, and I know the kids that benefit from this are and will be grateful. Thank you.