at least five minutes, he just drinks. I glare at him, and let's just say if looks could kill his head would be rolling across the pretty blue carpet right now. Finally Peeta speaks. "So umm do you have any advi-" Haymitch cuts him off with a cackle that erupts from his throat. Now Peeta is starting to look angry but I'm near to losing it. "What you are our mentor you're supposed to give us advice and help us." Peeta retorts. Haymitch snorts. "You want some advice?" he takes a sip of his drink. "Stay Alive." And that was the final straw for me, he is gambling with my life in a few weeks and he is so drunk he probably can't even spell his own name. I pounce up from the seat and knock the putrid liquid out of his hand onto the carpet and before you can say Happy Hunger Games I've got the drunk pinned against the wall with a knife from the dining table pinned against his throat. His eyes are wide and he is breathing heavily. "Listen up!" I yell. "In a few weeks you are in control of weather I live or die inside of that freaking arena and I intend on winning so your either going to sober up and help me or I will bleed the alcohol out of you!" I finish the last part in a deadly whisper letting him know I am completely serious. And for the grand finale I slam the knife into the side of the wall directly near his neck, nearly catching skin. Haymitch grins. "I like you, and if your serious your threats we could actually get you out of the arena." "Oh I'm completely serious" I growl. I turn around and Peeta just sits there with his mouth open. I stalk out of the compartment and into the room that Effie had told me earlier was mine. I slam the door and flop down on the bed, not giving a crap about their expensive bedding, because quite frankly the capitol can just go screw themselves. Then I fall into a much needed sleep, hoping I will be more calm and less out for blood when I wake up. "Oleander, dinner is ready!" an overly excited Effie says as she peeks her head through the door. I sit up and decide that now would be a good time for me to change into some more comfortable clothes. Looking through the closet I finally find some comfortable looking black sweat pants and a gray v-neck thirst. I slip them on and shuffle out the door and into the dining cart. Peeta sits in the seat across from Effie which leaves me to sit across from Haymitch. Fine, it will just make it easier for me to stab his hand if he reaches for a drink during dinner. I slide into my seat and gawk at the sheer amount of food sitting in front of us. I have never seen so much of the stuff in one place at the same time before, and again my rage towards the capitol returns full force. I think for a moment and finally decide that it will be best to not eat more than I usually would at home, because there won't be much food in the arena so I shouldn't get used to this. I place a small serving of some kind of bird I had never seen before and some kind of white grain that resembled the tessera that we are issued back home. Everyone looks at me. Peeta stares at me in utter disbelief as he has some sort of vegetable hanging out the side of his mouth. "Hey Peeta you have a little something on your chin there." I tease. He instantly looks embarrassed and turns his face from us to clean it off. Haymitch gives me a look of, what? Approval maybe? "Well it looks like one of you finally figured it out." he mutters to himself and goes back to eating his dinner, which thankfully did not consist of alcohol. "Alright kids" Haymitch booms after we finish eating and are seated on the couch. "I have a deal for ya. I'm gonna stay sober enough to help you in the games as long as you" he says pointing to Peeta "grow a pair and defend yourself and don't just roll over and die in the games. And you" he says now directing his attention to me "don't try to kill me again, although I was pleased to see that I finally got a tribute that has some sense." Peeta just nods his head and I smirk at Haymitch as he grins back at me. I could already tell we were going to work well together. We all get up and head to our respective rooms to go to sleep for the night, Haymitch informed us that by the time we woke up the next morning we should be in the capitol. I lay down on my bed and ball myself under the covers, but then my mind begins to race, finally realizing that I was going into the hunger games. I could be dead in a few weeks. No, I promised Sally and Jace that I would come home, and no one is going to stop me. After that I fell into a bit of a restless sleep. I'm running, playing in the schoolyard then is see it, a giant puff of black smoke coming from the mines. The warning bell rings in the school and I burst into a sprint and collect sally from her classroom. We run like crazy over to the collapsed mine entrance, the same one our father went into earlier this morning. Suddenly a hole opens up and sucks me down deep into the ground and black surrounds me, its suffocating me. Then he's there, staring at me asking why I didn't save him, why I let him die