head up as the delicious feeling of euphoria hums through her veins. "Just thinking," she whispers. Unable to keep his hands off of her any longer, he trails his fingers over her ribs, causing goosebumps to erupt. "About what?" he murmurs. "You eating me," she replies breathlessly, still unable to look at him. He runs the end of his nose along hers as her lids flutter open. Her eyes are molten pools of want as they meet his stormy ones. "Is that what you want?" His words only add to the fog of desire that she has for her husband. Unable to look away, she answers him, "If that is what you want, Sir." He doesn't say anything at first but his touch, strengthened from years of kneading dough, runs up her sides until he is cupping her breasts. His thumbs lightly tease her nipples, again. He doesn't linger long, as he continues his trail. Her eyes never leave his, but that only adds to the pleasure as he touches her. His hands run up her arms, pausing when he reaches the soft leather enveloping her. "These are amazing," he admits. The pressure from his hands on her bound arms is almost too much. Her want mixed with a longing to feel him again makes her groan in frustration. He continues his exploration despite her protests. His hands find hers, and he gives her a little squeeze. "Are you alright, Kitten?" "Yes, Sir. I want you, Sir." He steals another kiss, and runs his hands back down her sides, only stopping when he can grip her hips. "I want you." He tugs her to him until she is flush with his hips and his hardness is pressing against her. Still unable to look away, she doesn't realize what he is doing until the rope from above comes tumbling down about them. She must have been up longer than she thought because the pins and needles jump along her skin make her moan, "Oh crap, that hurts." His face pales as he helps her lower her arms. "Are you ok?" She wiggles her hands around, and nods. "I am, I don't want to stop, Peeta—err, Sir." Without another word, he sweeps her up in his arms, and carries her to their bedroom while she tries to wrap her arms around him. For the first time that evening, she's frustrated because she is bound. Her feet touch the thick rug in the bedroom, and as she slips back into their role playing, she sinks down onto her knees. Her bound arms find her lap, and she looks up at him through her lashes, hoping that she looks as sexy as she thinks she might. "Fuck, Katniss," he mutters. Her lips turn up at the corners and she leans forward so she can nuzzle his tented flannels. He reaches down, and rubs himself. "Do you want it?" His eyes are even more dark as she nods. "Please, Sir. May I?" He steps even closer to her, and pulls down his waistband. His thick cock springs out, tapping her on the nose, she is so close. She keeps her giggle quiet, and nuzzles his head instead. She gives it a lazy lick before she looks up to meet his heated gaze. The question is in his eyes and she knows him and the question well enough by now that she just has to simply nod. With one hand around his dick, the other finds her head and he guides himself into her waiting mouth. He gives her enough time to swirl her tongue around his head, before he plunges into her throat. She closes her eyes, but he commands, "Look at me, Kitten." Her eyes return to his, and he starts to pump again. She can feel his head swell, signaling that he is about to cum, when he pulls out, moaning. He tugs her up and claims her lips. His kiss envelops her, making her gasp when he pulls away. "I've been hard for you all day. When you put your mouth on me," he inhales a shaky breath. "Let's just say, that I want to make you cum when I do. Get on the bed," he growls. She follows his command, and starts to crawl on the bed. Lingering on her hands and knees, he comes up behind her and bites her on the rump. She loses her balance and tumbles onto the mattress with a lusty giggle escaping her lips. He rolls her over onto her back, so he can climb over the top of her. Usually when they play, he likes to take her from behind. The wildness in his eyes, tells her that tonight will be different. "Are your arms alright?" She nods. He smirks. His hands slip under her knees, and eases them open until he is nestled in the cradle of her thighs. His cock rubs up against her clit, which only encourages her to rub against him. "Oh, Sir. I need you," her breathless voice spurs him on. He grinds his hips against hers, and bites her on the shoulder before he slides into her depths. This fullness, this coming together always makes her feel complete once again. He doesn't give her a chance to say anything when he is throwing her knees over his shoulders so he can pump into her. After all the teasing, all the want, all the desire, they cum quickly together with her hanging on to him and him collapsing on top of her. When he is able to roll off of her, he pulls her into his side so they can snuggle. One of her still clad arms drapes over him. With the hand that isn't under Katniss, Peeta loosens the laces, then starts in on the hooks. He kisses her temple. "Did you enjoy that, Kitten?" "Oh, yes Sir." She watches him unlace her when she says, "I can't wait for my husband to have his turn tomorrow night."