would again. Mr. Hawthorne passed away that night in hospital. Gale told me that the doctors said his body had been too internally damaged. I knew that meant it was very bad. I still didn't cry over Mr. Hawthorne, who had been like a second father to me. I didn't know how to cry over it. Every night I would crawl into my parents bed, on my father's side, and just curl up to sleep. Prim joined me most nights. There would have been room for all three of us, but my mother never got off the couch. She just sat there, a living corpse. She would not speak, she would not move, she would barely eat. Sae had to force feed her before she withered away before our very eyes. Sae tried her best to take care of all of us, but it shouldn't have been her job to. Hazelle was back on her feet within a few days, watching over her three boys and expecting the new baby at any time. My momma ignored me and Prim. I was the one who had to sit her down and explain that daddy wasn't coming home. He never was going to play Princess' with us again and we'd never get to wait up for his truck late at night. That wasn't my job, but I did it because momma wasn't going to. We were allowed two weeks off from school, but we went back after one. There was no point in all three of us being vegetables. Every day before the bus came, Prim would braid momma's hair. She would make no response. Sae would silently make us packed-lunches and send us on our way. After two weeks, she had semi-officially moved in. She took good care of the house while James, her son, took good care of most of the farm. The others hands did their best to help out too, but no one wanted to put any effort into it without a pay check coming out the other end. My daddy wasn't there with his cheery nature anymore to spur everyone on, hope was lost. Sae helped deliver little Posy Hawthorne three weeks after the accident. She was almost two weeks late, but she was perfectly healthy. Hazelle hadn't had time to get to the hospital and the ambulance came twenty minutes late. Posy was a great little addition to our make-shift family. Prim adored her and her brothers loved her with everything they had. It was a whole six and a half week after the accident before I lost it completely. I finally had worked up the courage one Wednesday morning during Spring Break to go into my bedroom. Prim was downstairs, watching TV, Sae was cooking breakfast for all of us. I slowly pushed the door open and at the sight of the mayonnaise jars on the windowsill, I just lost. I threw all seven jars out the window, shattering each one. The fireflies in them were long dead. I tore at all my fantasy books, saving daddy's favorite for last. Fairytales had lost all meaning to me now; I wasn't going to get my happy ending, so I couldn't be a Princess anymore. I scratched at the wooden trunk that had been sat at the end of my bed for three years. Daddy had bought it for me one Christmas. It was filled with dressing-up clothes. I was never going to wear any of them again. I took the photo of the two if us off my nightstand and I threw it as hard as I could at the wall before collapsing onto my bed. I was finally crying, sobbing as hard as I could into my pillow. Daddy told me that no one could take your dreams away from you, but someone had found a way. The day he died was the day I was stripped of my hope and my dreams. My Kingdom had fallen to pieces. A/M: What a sad start to a story... No, seriously, I don't start bawling my eyes out until chapter 5 at least, but I'm all blurry visioned here! As I reread through this, it reminded me of A Cinderella Story...Ever seen that film? Yeah, I must have been thinking about that in the back of my mind while I was writing this...What a good film that is...haha! I honestly think that this is one of my best chapters I have ever written. Like EVER! (Go Taylor Swift XD) I hand write it, BTW. I haven't hand written a story in a very long time...Like, two years...And even then they were just short stories for English class! But this story is going to be completely hand written and then typed up, which is one of the things that I think make it so special ^^ The reason for it being hand written is that I am saving this story to be written in my spare time while I am at college. You see, I have big gaps between my classes sometimes, and the college bus only comes twice a day; morning and afternoon. So I get bored sometimes and what better way to quench some boredom than writing? haha! So, if there are no frequent updates, that is also the reason why. So, that's just a bit of info on the writing of this story...And if you haven't fallen asleep yet, CONGRATS! This is my second multi-chapter Hunger games fic! My first only got to chapter three :( But it just wasn't thr right fic for me, you know? I'm not much of an action writer, more of a romance and fantasy writer...And I guess you're a fantasy and romance reader if you're reading this story! haha! Sooo...I think that's about much of a ramble I can fit into one AN! WARNING! My AN's can get pretty long sometimes...I ramble...Like...A LOT! So, you have been warned! Thanks for reading, please review (: Love, Miss C. Rhiannon X