peeking up towards the television Isabel and Christian were fixated with. Kim looked over at Aslovee, and she blushed slightly. "Uh...what are you doing?" She asked. Aslovee snapped his eyes away from the screen towards Kim. "He doesn't like food touching." Christian said without looking away from the television. "It's better than being a slob." Aslovee said. "You know, I made the tea. The least i could get is a thank you." "I made the mackerel. Wanna try again?" Aslovee asked with narrowed eyes. "I got you a victory cake when you came back." Christian said, pointing his fork towards Aslovee. "I got you a house, shithead." Aslovee said. Kim suppressed a smile. "So that's how you all came in here?" Isabel whipped her head towards Kim and narrowed her eyes at the green-eyes girl. "That's funny to you, Capitol?" "What?" "That we were out on the street? We're just so below you, aren't we?" "No! I don't care about that." "I bet you were right there with all of those Capitol girls, weren't you? You love the Games, right?" "What? I mean, I-I know more than I did a month ago." "So you do like the Games?" Aslovee said, his face unreadable. "I don't like lying," Kim shouted. The three around the table stared at her. She looked at all of them. Her eyes were wide, and her cheeks were redder than before. "I wasn't a huge fan of them, but it looked...f-fun. Just fun to look at! Not actually fun. Every teenage girl goes through that Games phase." "The problem is that they never grow out of it." Christian said. "The Games don't matter anymore. I-I'm sorry." Kim looked down at her plate. Her arms were shaking slightly, almost negligible in movement if Aslovee was not placed so close to her. He was tensed up. His back was straight resting on the backboard of his chair. He kept looking at Kim, the interrogative words making her nervous. Aslovee had no idea what to do next. It was true that Kim was apart of those disgusting shitheads in the Capitol. However, if Russell and Barley hand picked her from the Capitol to work as this helper of sorts, then she had to be a little trus-acceptable for him at the moment. Aslovee put his hand on Kim's head. Kim looked at him with surprise painted on her face. "Are you petting her?" Christian asked with a snort. Aslovee ignored him. He looked straight into Kim's eyes. A few more tough seconds stretched through the commotion from the television. He retracted his arm. Kim had no idea what just happened. Was Aslovee making fun of her? Comforting her? Forgiving her? Condescending her? Aslovee gasped. Then, he took a round velvet circle with the Panem flag emblazoned on it and slid it towards her. Then, he took Kim's tea and set it on the surface. "Make sure you use coasters." He said. Isabel hushed everybody. "Nobody breathe. Nobody talk. The results are in." On the television screen, an old man in a blue turtleneck sweater identified as Toby sat in a plush red chair. Opposite of him was a skinny white lady in a puffy brown dress next to a skinny balding man. The audience was uproarious as Tony started to open up the envelope. "Now, Liam, if this child is yours, you're going to be there for her and Miley, right?" A beep sounded from the screen. "Man, I'll be there." "Very well." Toby opened up the envelope. Silence fell on the crowd. "In the case of two month old Hannah, Liam..." "This is it. Better pay up." Isabel said to Christian who snorted with laughter. "You are not the father." Isabel groaned while Christian laughed mirthlessly. "What the hell is this?" Aslovee asked with an unimpressed glance. "It's 'Toby.' A Capitol show. They do paternity tests and everything on here." "Who would like this shit? That's not " Aslovee asked to himself. Kim slowly raised her hand. Aslovee glared at her before getting up and leaving. Isabel turned back to Kim. "Take your time warming up to him, Cap. He's an acquired taste." "You didn't actually think he was the father, did you?" Christian asked her. "You have to look at the forehead. If they don't match, they're not related." Christian nodded and turned to Isabel. "I think I'm going to like her." Come one, come all! It is the next SYOT in my little series. Despite this being a sequel to Odyssey Of The Stars, you will not require past information to enjoy this. Just sit back, submit people, and enjoy the mayhem! Special Co-Writer for the chapter: Platrium! I am thinking of collaborating with people, so if you have interested as well, ask! Regardless, Platrium is throwing a hat in the ring, and I plan on working together for a few more chapters! OC forms are on my profile. I may ask for further information in the future. For now, basic information will do. We will be crossing the void of space for this one. What do I mean by that? im not saying yet! please enjoy. ask me questions about anything! It it important. Also, I am trying a new thing! What I am going to do is I am going to highlight a story, and if you review said story, you get 10 extra sponsor points! I will be checking to see who reviews. And real reviews, please. Not that "it's kewl" shit. The first one is Thou Art Mortal. Not only am I in that, but it is criminally underrated with the amount of chapters and words! See it! The alternative option is one of my favorite fanfictions of all time! "Human Immortality Project" by A.T Fields. For those that don't know, its an Evangelion fic. However, previous knowledge of the source material is not required! It is also criminally underrated, so go check it out and thank me later! Review early and often!