rinses her hands under the flow of water. I nod. "Can you believe it? And the Reaping hasn't even started yet." "I wouldn't worry. Everyone's feeling it today," Lark says, towelling her hands off. "The mood should pick up later, once it's all over." I give her a sad smile. "I suppose so." Lark moves around the counter and pinches a berry from the container. "Will you be walking to the square with me and Brenner?" I question. She shakes her head. "That's very kind of you, Madge, but it's my sister's last Reaping and I promised her I would help her get ready," she explains. "Then you must go," I reply. "Tell your sister good luck and congratulations from me." "Thank you. I'll be sure to send her your wishes," the maid says. She quickly unties her apron, grabs her things from the hook by the door and exits the house. I think about what it would be like to have your last Reaping. It must be a relief. I only have three more now; two after this one. "Are you ready to go, Miss Madge?" Brenner questions. I look up from the book I've been staring at for the past hour. Brenner stands in the doorway, a sad smile on his face. "I guess," I reply, snapping shut the book. I place it on top of the piano and make my way over to Brenner. He holds his arm out and I grab hold of it with both hands. If my fingers dig in too deep he doesn't say anything; Brenner knows how nervous I get on Reaping day. As we make our way to the square we get caught up in the crowds of people. It's horrifying how many young children there are. I grip hold of Brenner's arm tighter than before. I have to let go of him eventually. He wishes me luck before leaving to stand amongst the crowds of family members. I watch as he positions himself beside a family from the Seam, and then make my way to the signing in station. I pass through that quickly and before I know it, I'm standing amongst all of the 16 year old girls in the District. I look around and spot Katniss. She nods and I smile in return. She then goes back to watching Prim whilst I turn my attention to the stage. My Father and several of his advisors are sat down, waiting for the Reaping to begin. I try to catch my Father's eye but he's too busy focusing on a point in the distance. I go back to scanning the square and somehow my gaze finds Gale's. He glares at me and my eyes flit to the ground. I decide to keep my eyes fixed there from now on. Finally my Father stands up to the mic and begins reciting the usual speech. Once he's done with that he calls Effie Trinket to the stage and takes his seat. I feel my stomach start to turn and I have to remind myself that I'm in a public place and throwing up will probably embarrass my Father. I take deep breaths and focus on the braid of the girl in front of me. Before I know it, Effie is calling the names. First is the girls. I close my eyes and cross my fingers as I pray my name isn't called. It shouldn't be called, I mean, why would it? I only have 5 slips. That's nothing compared to what Gale and Katniss have. Oh no. Katniss. Her name is in there over 20 times. What if her name's called? I begin to include Katniss in my silent praying. It works, although, not quite in the way I'd hoped. Neither mine nor Katniss' names are called, however Katniss' sister Primrose is. The crowd gasps. I see Prim step out from the crowd and start towards the front. I'm tempted to raise my hand and volunteer; no 12 year old girl should ever have to go into the Hunger Games. I'm too late though, as Katniss steps forward and takes her sister's place. Prim starts to scream and the sick feeling comes back to my stomach. My friend – my only friend – is going into the Hunger Games. What if she doesn't return? Who's going to look after her family? I know her Mother became depressed when Katniss' Father died; what is she going to do if Katniss dies? Who's going to care for Prim? No Madge! Don't even think about that! Katniss will come back. She is going to live. And you're going to help her get back. Yes. My train of thought is interrupted by the piercing sound of Prim's scream. I look over at her and my heart brakes. She's absolutely distraught. I start to go over to her, but once again someone beats me to it. It's Gale this time. He lifts her off the ground and carries her over to her Mother, then takes his place in the crowd of 18 year old boys. Gale. His name is entered over 40 times. I'd be surprised if it isn't him. I watch him as the boys' names are called. He looks relieved, but also annoyed at the fact that it wasn't him. It's Peeta Mellark whose name is called. He's the baker's son. He's always been kind to me when other people haven't. Now he's going into the Games. I realise something then. In order for Katniss to come back, Peeta has to die. Thanks for reading! I've had this on my laptop for a while and discovered it whilst I was looking through my documents. I wrote it in the midst of my Gadge obsession and had intended for it to be a full story but never had the time to continue it. Thought I'd put it up to let my Madge see the light of day. Please review and tell me what you thought. Thanks!