awaiting the reaping. Of course, the girl I would mentor was a classmate of mine, Charlotte Jacobsen, a snooty girl from the town who thought she owned the world. Charlotte and I had hated each other since we were six, her mother setting me up as her rival because I was top of the class. I congratulated her with as much sweetness and sincerity as I could muster, as I was already emotionally drained for the day. The boy was a couple years younger, someone named Cephalus who I recognized as being from the woods but hadn't ever actually met. They went about saying their goodbyes in the Justice building and Blight and I went to the train to wait, discussing them. "You know Charlotte," he said casually, as if he was telling me that it was Tuesday. "We hate each other," I said, offering no further explanation. "It won't affect my judgment. I won't be the reason her mother buries her only child. I reckon Charlotte's arrogance can manage that all on its own." He snorted, but he didn't scold me. "I had a visitor," I said slowly. "Yes, you did," he acknowledged. "And?" "I can't," I said softly. "I just can't." "Sure you can," he growled. "Try explaining to Alyson that you can't and see how far that gets you." I had a retort ready, but it died on my lips as Charlotte and Cephalus joined us and we sat down for dinner on the train, an awkward sort of silence falling on the group at the table. "So," Blight said finally, "I figure we ought to watch the reaping soon. Before we do, let's let you two ask questions so we can start getting a feel for you and what we're going to do with your strategies." "I've got one," Charlotte said. "Can we switch mentors?" "No," I snapped. "Next question." Blight snorted and said, "No, you can't. Don't worry, whatever qualms you've got with Scarlett are unfounded. She'll do a good job or I'll remind her of her priorities. You doing poorly doesn't project well on her, either, remember." Charlotte seemed pacified with this assurance for the time being, and Cephalus went off asking dozens of questions about getting sponsors, dealing with the stylists, interacting with other tributes, and strategies for the early days of the Games. He was eager, that was certain. Charlotte hardly listened as Blight and I answered his questions. Finally, Blight recommended that they change and get washed up before we watched the reshowing of the reaping and he turned to me. "Please tell me you've changed your mind," he said. I hadn't honestly thought much about my own drama, and I told him so. I had been a bit preoccupied with the fact that I was going to have to attempt to mentor my enemy from certain death. The fact that Snow wanted to make me into a whore was one of the last things on my mind. "Well, do everyone involved a favor," he said earnestly. "Change your mind." I didn't have a lot of time to contemplate that. I didn't want to contemplate that. But at the same time, I knew that as soon as we landed in the Capitol, my nights would be at the call of President Snow, should I choose the comfort of my family over my own personal dignity. I was running out of time to make a choice I would rather not ever think about. The pair of tributes reentered the room to view the reaping and suddenly I wanted nothing to do with any of it. I retreated to my room, saying I would watch the third showing later, but that I very much wanted a shower, and I pulled off my clothes the moment I reached my room, turning on the shower when I got to it, making sure it was cold as I let the icy drops of water run down my body. It was a stark contrast to the warm tears running down my cheeks. Winning was supposed to be the desirable alternative to dying, but suddenly I envied Chance, Summer, Aidan, Titus…. They would be immortalized in the Games they participated in, but the Games, the Capitol, couldn't hurt them anymore. Their families were safe. Sad, but safe. Suddenly, I hated them all. Not just the Capitol, but all the other victors, especially Blight, especially Haymitch, especially Finnick, especially anyone who had shown any real kindness to me where the Games were concerned. Why hadn't they told me? Why hadn't they warned me? What hadn't Blight just let me die? Did they think it was funny that I was going through this? Had it been some sort of plan all along, making sure I lived so they could watch me suffer after the Games were done? No, I didn't hate Finnick. He was just a baby. There was no way he was already in on their sick jokes and awful plans. Haymitch, though, Haymitch and Blight and Chaff, they all found me so hilarious. Surely they could be hated. It was their fault. They're the ones who kept me alive. They're the ones who would pressure me to give my body to the Capitol, though what they got out of it, I wasn't sure. I would show them. I wouldn't give in. I was going to keep my dignity, and Blight and Haymitch and Chaff could just deal with it. I went back out to watch the third showing of the reaping, glad to find that the tributes and Blight had all gone off to bed, leaving me to watch on my own. My blood was still coursing with anger, and there was no telling what I would do to Blight if I saw him before I managed to calm down. That is, if I managed to calm down. One thing my classmates in District Seven had learned quickly was that I could hold quite a long grudge indeed.