surprising,she is smaller than Aurelia but a lot stronger;she pulls out of the grasp and she just stares at me holding her abdomen,I stare back breathing heavily still on the floor. I feel my pupils contract and the rage flows out of my body. My panting slows down and I come back to reality, Aurelia turns around tells everybody to follow her,I shake my head and try to get up a hand touches mine and I flinch "it's me don't worry" I'm acting like I've just nearly been killed I need to suck it up ,finnick helps me up and we follow the pack pathetically. In the distance a huge silver hovercraft lifts a boy up from the trees,his blonde hair flickers in the breeze and one of his arms flop over the metal hand that holds him. I shiver at the thought of death and the cold crawls up my back,I shake my head and carry on walking carefully stepping over hills of mud and tree roots. "We're hunting" arriva says and the rest laugh but me and finnick smile not getting the joke,I have never felt more out of place than I do now. We trudge along in mud until Aurelia picks up the pace and starts to jog and we follow,we come to a clearing where the little boy from 12 sits cooking some food, his eyes widen and a tear escapes him,he must know there's nothing he can do against six people;I give him a sympathetic look before his head is sliced off which arrivals huge knife. My eyes close almost as if I'm sending my sorrows to him,arriva turns around with blood splattered on her top,everyone starts to laugh,my anger now enters my body again;they think this is so game,they're as sick as the Capitol! We carry on in a straight line passing the helpless boys grave,I stomp out his small fire and avoid eye contact with his deceased body "you okay 4" I turn to give the person a glare but it's finnick with a smile carved on his face;I push a smile forward and purse my lips together, I walk and finnicks hand joins mine wrapping his fingers around mine,his warm skin comforts me and makes me forget what has just happened for a little while. We reach a clearing and there is a large lake surrounded by vines,the vines make my legs weak. I watch Zain from district 2 walk over to the lake and splash his face with the water then slurps some,something about the colour doesn't look right,it's too blue;like the colour of the water that came off my outfit in the parade, finnick detaches his hand from mine and goes to drink some but I grab his backpack and pull him back to my side,he raises an eyebrow at me "do you want me to dehydrate or something?" "Look!" I point over at zain who is lay on the floor struggling to breathe and Aurelia and arriva are stood around him with horrified faces,i can't look and I turn to face a tree,it's horrific he hasn't done anything to me yet I didn't warn him about the water;the sunlight reflects off something pinned to my top hidden by my black jacket; it's the broach ocelia gave me 'head up' I repeat to myself and slowly my guilt wares down. A gust of wind crushes us as we stare at the body,still but not peaceful;we move quickly out of the way and the hovercrafts arm takes him away. I do not grieve when we walk,I didn't know him and we never tried to make any kind of friendship but arriva does,her head is down and her body shakes with sadness,if I tell them about me knowing that the lakewas poisoned they would probably try to kill me,I'm a tag along,a fake;I'm nothing like a career,I don't want to kill anyone. I stare at finnicks arms muscles as he walks,contracting with each step,his fists a shut tight and his left arm twitches slowly. I feel my eyebrows forming a crease and my lips becoming straight;what's wrong with him? I sweep through the wet grass and shudder at how it tickles my bare calves;a rumble echos through the Forrest and pushes heavy rain over us cutting my vision in half a high pitch scream comes from the front of the pack and rings in my ears,it's too dark to see but I pannick and run forward,pinpricks of light deep through the trees illuminating arrivas body which is crumpled on the floor,her neck is scratched in many different places,blood drips over my shoes and smothers the visible side of her body,Aurelia carries on walking and jumps over a fallen tree branch, "bitch" she turns around and her firery eyes search for me through the dark "what did you just say?" She raises her voice and straightens her back so she stands up taller I retaliate by straightening my posture with her leaving arrivas body to drown in the muddy puddles which are forming fast. "I called you a bitch" she bites her lip and tenses her fist making her knuckles turn a very pale white. Before she can speak I add "your friend has just been murdered by what can only be described as a mutt and you walk off not even feeling a little bit of sorrow!" Her eyes burn holes in me "because it's a game!" Her face is straight with no emotion but her eyes show anger she gestures towards where arrivas body lay but it is not longer there how could we have not noticed the hovercraft? I turn my focus back to Aurelia who is aiming her fist towards my face but my reflexs have become a lot faster since the games have been going on;I bring y elbow up which crashes into her face forcing her to the ground, mud splashes all over me and falls over her face mixing which the blood pouring from her nose.