Finnick with tasers and rounded up Cashmere and Gloss, who must have been experiencing the ultimate WTF moment. Johanna and Brutus, the only ones to practice true sportsmanship, battled it out long after the stroke of the gong. Johanna, at this point clearly inferior and getting broken-down, managed to climb a tree and sit it out long enough for the guards to seize Brutus before he could cleave his way through the trunk. Brutus, being from Two and an all-or-nothing player had to be gunned down to surrender. It took six casualties before he went out. All that was then left to do was find a way to get Johanna Mason out of her tree. I would have liked to see that happen with Johanna at peak performance, but after leaving a blood-trail across half the jungle she didn't put up much of a fight. Fast forward to the present moment. "Wow," I say, the only word that comes to mind. Who wouldn't be speechless at this point? I bet there has never been a worse-planned rebellion in the history of mankind. We still don't know what became of Peeta and Annie, Snow has a lot of problem solving to do and Thirteen is short one Mockingjay. Presupposed that I consent to playing that part, which I'm really not sure is the destiny I see for myself. I'm also a little upset that nobody cared to ask me if being the beacon of hope for a suppressed nation somehow aligned with my career goals. Because, not in the slightest. I really hope I get to meet this President Coin. My sincere advice to her would be to hire new strategists before she sets out to save the not-so free world. We make good progress during the remaining daylight hours and hole up in a cave for the night. I slip into a memory of the 74th and my time with Peeta in a similar environment, only to realize that absolutely no aspect of the current situation compares to that moment. I sit around a minimalist fire trying not to freeze my ass off in my out-of-place jungle wetsuit while Finnick and Gloss crack jokes about some poor Capitol news reporter Cressi-something. I think between the five of us we've killed a few dozen people. My train of thoughts jumps rails, it's unbelievable. "Fuck, I'm winded," says Johanna and falls asleep for the first time since the Games started. The bleeding has stopped, but her ability to properly breathe has gone downhill. Cashmere suggests that if there's no improvement by tomorrow morning we try to drain the blood that has accumulated in Johanna's thoracic cavity, which translates to stabbing her in the chest and seeing if she gets more air out of it or none at all. I'm glad Johanna is semi unconscious, because I doubt she would approve of this aggressive therapeutic plan. We call it a night soon after. We're all quite tired and look forward to not having to kill each other the coming day. To avoid repeated capture by the Capitol we split up the night-shift. Nothing happens and apart from being miserably cold I actually manage to get a few hours of rest. The next day we're faced with the anticipated problem of Johanna's worsening state. Her lips are tinted blue and she really struggles to let Cashmere know what she thinks about her options. ("Over my rotting corpse, you demented wench!") Finnick elegantly averts a bitch fight by proposing we wait out the rest of the day and if we're not rescued by the following morning we can still continue the benefits discussion of thoracoscoming Johanna against her will. Everybody can live with that. We continue our journey to the promised extraction point and the day passes rather uneventfully. By now used to new terrors in hourly fashion I am almost disappointed at the lack of obstacles in our way. Two hours or so before sundown Finnick announces that this is it, a nondescript clearing in the woods, our stage goal. Either the rebels changed their minds on the need of a Mockingjay or they have terrible timing, but night comes, we're still unrescued and Johanna becomes increasingly edgy about the unavoidable second review of her case. Finnick brews up a dose of morphling that would make Six envious. It's enough to tranquilize a bear and wondrously doesn't kill Johanna instantly. Our knight in shining armor is a hovercraft of the outdated generation, spawning a crew of grey jumpsuits and an overjoyed, albeit exhausted Plutarch Heavensbee. The first thing I do after launching into my where's-Peeta tirade is punching Plutarch straight in the face for fucking so carelessly with mine and everyone else's lives. That earns me a seat wedged between two guards and a mentally-disabled bracelet upon our arrival in Thirteen. Johanna is carted off to medical where she can get professional help by people who actually know what they're doing. We rejoin with Peeta and Annie, who were the only ones successfully extracted from the arena. Then I am introduced to President Coin, a woman in her mid fifties, who made it the goal of her sunset years to bring freedom to enslaved Panem. The question everyone has been waiting for is asked. Will I be the Mockingjay? I know. It's bizarre. And parts of it, like Annie in the arena, would actually make good plot points for a serious story. I'm just unsure if I'll ever get around to writing it. This is a one-shot in case anyone wonders. What the hell was that District One cameo about? I have no idea. I'm just glad this is out of my head. Hopefully it was entertaining enough for some of you. Let me know what you think, even if only about the basic plot idea if not for the writing. Would you be interested in reading such a version of CF someday? Like, Annie taking Mags' place and things going bogus from there?