kept trying to chat up. Before I had a chance to say a word to him, Peacekeepers ushered Kirby and myself off to the town hall where we were put in separate rooms where people would meet us to say our good-byes before we got onto the train to the Capitol. I sat there primly on a chair in the corner, watching the door, waiting for my family to come through the door. I hoped Merlin wouldn't be too upset with me. After all, it was random. My heart was racing as the door opened and my mother hurried through the door first, followed by my father and Merlin. "Mom," I sighed as she rushed up to me, pulling me into a strong hug. "Mom, I-" "We're proud of you, Kimbra," my father cut in forcefully. Even more than the fact that he probably was proud, it wouldn't do for me to say something about not really wanting to be in the Games. Cold feet was one thing, but the wrong words could all but ensure that I didn't make it out of the arena alive. They didn't want a Victor who wouldn't be a positive reflection on the Capitol. "I'm sorry, Merlin," I whispered, looking up at my brother, but he smiled sadly and shook his head, wrapping me up into a hug. "Forget it," he whispered. "I'm going to be cheering for you the whole time. You're going to win for me, aren't you?" "Of course," I whispered, trying not to shake at the thought that I was probably going to be the very weakest of the career tributes. After all, I'd barely made the cut. Merlin had been prepared for three years and was spoken highly of at every turn. They'd picked the wrong Gillespie, but it was too late to switch now. "It's going to be fine," my mother cooed, obviously trying to convince herself. "You're going to win this thing, aren't you, Kimbra?" "Yes, mom," I reassured her with a small, tense smile. "I'm going to win it just for you." She smiled at me and I hugged them all one more time, trying desperately not to cry. I finally managed to let go of my mother without having to pull her back again to mask my tears, and just in time for a peacekeeper to stick his head in and say that their time with me was up. My parents walked away and I was trying not to hope that it wasn't the last time, mostly because I wanted to believe that if I told myself that if I believed I could win I might actually manage to stay alive. I fought the urge to pace the room as the door closed, sitting on a table and staring at the door absently, wondering if I ran out then, told Meredith that there wasn't a mistake and that I hadn't meant to volunteer... But it was already too late. Gal, Morgan, and Phrixus walked in then as a group, purposefully. "Congratulations!" Gal said, smiling. He really meant it. His smile was comforting, a reminder that I had wanted this too. He would have liked to have been chosen, I had no doubt. "What do you know of Kirby?" Morgan asked softly, sitting down beside me, swinging her legs absently as she always did when she as anxious, but not the bad sort - the excited sort of anxious. "I know nothing," I admitted. "I've seen his face before, but that's really about it. What about you guys? Do you know much about him?" "I know he was barely allowed to volunteer this year," Phrixus said softly. "His trainer was on the fence, but I think his father put on a lot of pressure, and the final idea was that if he died, at least the girl would be decent and the district wouldn't be totally shamed." I nearly shivered. Decent, maybe, but good enough to keep from shaming my district? Somehow I doubted that. If Kirby and I were both terrible, what hope was there of salvaging some good memory of these games for our district, much less surviving? And suddenly I realized how very much I wanted to survive. I must have looked a bit queasy, because suddenly Gal wrapped me up in an uncharacteristic hug and said, "You're going to be just fine, Kimbra. All right? I know you've got the guts for this. Don't prove me wrong." Phrixus and Morgan both moved to join the hug and I held tightly onto Gal as their bodies closed in around me, my last bit of true comfort and safety before I left that room to get on the train. A door opened and I knew my time with them was up, but I grabbed onto Gal's shirt instinctively, not wanting them to leave me. But with soothing words that I hardly even heard, Morgan took my hands from his shirt and kissed my cheek, smoothing back my hair a bit before giving me a sad smile and following the boys out the door. I was only alone with my eyes filling up with unshed tears when a voice at the door told me it was time to get onto the train. Taking a deep breath, I blinked and wiped my eyes, composing myself as best I could before making my way to the door that hid me from the world for only a short while longer. Kimbra Gillespie was a tribute, I told myself. A tribute, something I'd wanted for as long as I could remember, at least to some extent. Something I'd spent years working toward. I should have felt a bit happier as I followed Kirby onto the train we were being ushered onto, but my stomach was flipping with entirely mixed and opposed emotions as I tried to remind myself that tribute was just one step away from being victor. Then again, it was also one step away from being dead.