"The first meeting takes place tomorrow at lunch. Cato I would just like to talk to you about your homework for a moment," he said and we both nodded. I made my way to the door and walked out only to be pulled to the side harshley. "What the hell was that?" Gloss shouted at me grabbing my wrists pressing down on them. "Gloss your hurting me," I whimpered. "I dont care! What the hell were you doing with that Cato person! How dare you cheat on me!" he screamed pressing down harder. "Gloss please I wasn't cheating on you I was auditioning for a club with him it was nothing," I cried out. Suddenly his hand connected with my face and I screamed out. His eyes softened a bit then widened. "Never do it again. I want you to quit this club and never see him again is that okay?" he said storming off. Tears welled in my eyes as I raised myself of the floor. I could feel a bruise coming on and I knew I was going to have them on my wrists too. Suddenly I heard a door open and then running footsteps. Someone helped me to my feet and I looked around to see Cato. "Clove what happened?" he asked and I backed away from him, "Clove are you okay?" "Yeah I just walked into the wall now stay away from me!" I said before turning the corner my skirt blowing around me. He called after me but I didn't listen as the first tear fell down my face. I quickly made my way towards the toilets. As soon as I got there I went and locked myself in the toilet tears streaming down my face. Sobbing I hid my face in my hands as I slumped against the stall wall. How could Gloss do that to me? He had always been loving to me and always cared for me. Now he had hit me. I supose it had been my fault as I had danced with Cato. I got my phone out my pocket and got the mirror out to see what it looked like. It was red and swollen. Gloss was strong and I knew he hadd'nt hit me as hard as he could. Suddenly my phone started ringing and Katniss's face poped up on my screen. "Kat," I said my voice shallow. "Clove where are you? Why do you shound like your crying?" Kat asked her voice worrying. "Come to the 1st social area toilets please," I begged my coice breaking. "On my way," she said then hung up. Aftera few minutes I heard the bathroom door open then a voice whisper, "Clove?" "In here," I said unlocking the door and she stepped in locking it behind her. "What happened?" she asked touching the spot he had hit me, "Clove?" "He hit me Kat," I whispered looking down. "He what?" she screached going to unlock the door. "Kat it was my fault I was dancing with Cato and he saw then got angry. It was completley my fault," I said. She passed me a tissue and I wiped my eyes. "That doesnt mean he should hit you Clove!" She almost screamed. "It was one time. It probably won't happen again," I said when suddenly a sharp pain went up my face again and I gritted my teeth, "I just wanna go home Kat." She nodded then got out her phone and clicked on a number. "Gale can you take me and Clove to her house please?" She asked and I could hear Gale laughing about how she had become a rebel. "Hurry please. Meet us at the car in five," she said before hanging up. "Kat you do realise Gale auditioned for glee club don't you?" I asked her and she laughed. "No but I do know hes a good singer so I can see why. How do you know?" she asked raising her eyebrows. "Because I tried out," I whispered and she smiled. "Really? Thats amazing whens first practice?" she asked and I looked away. "I'm not going." We walked out of the toilets and down towards the car park. Gale was in the twelth year of our school in our sixform. He was Katniss's cousin from her mothers side. He had short stook up brown hair and sharp green eyes. As we reached the car we heard a shout from behind us. "Hey rebels whats up?" he shouted and Katniss frowned. "Gale just hurry up!" she shouted and I shrunk back. "I'm coming now get in the car!" Gale shouted and me and Katniss got into the back of the car. "So whats up you two?" Gale asked getting into the front of the car and starting the engine. He looked in the mirror and I saw his eyes widen. "Clove what happened to your face?" he asked and I looked at Katniss. Katniss looked at me and I nodded slowly. Gale pulled down and started down the road. "Gloss hit her," Katniss mumbled and Gale hit the breaks hard throwing us forward. "He what!" he shouted. "Gale calm down," I mumbled and I could hear him breathing heavily. All three of us had been close for years and Gale had been the most protective. "He hit you Clove?" he asked. "Yeah but it was my fault Gale. I was dancing with Cato," I whispered. "He still shouldn't hit you," he said angrily. "Can we just go home?" I mumbled and Gale nodded. As we went home all I could think of was the scene of Gloss hitting me over and over... So this is my first Hunger Games fanfic. I'm in love with the program glee at the minute and I've always imagined my school having one then me as well as my friends in it so I decided to base the Hunger Games characters on me and my friends! Hope you enjoy it! Please R&R :) CloveTonksHatter :)