in the middle of the kitchen wearing nothing but underwear. "What, do you find this distracting?" I joked, striking a provocative pose. Katniss rolled her eyes, "Put some clothes on and then you can have breakfast out here with the rest of us." Sighing, I did what I was told, and soon Annie and I joined Katniss, Peeta and Delly at the breakfast table. "Where's Johanna?" Delly asked, looking around. "Asleep." Katniss replied. "Don't try and wake her- seriously." "What about Madge and Gale?" Annie continued. "Haven't seen them, now that you mention it." Peeta answered, taking a bite of his toast. I shrugged, "More bacon for me then." Leaving Johanna where she had fallen asleep on one of the couches, the rest of us decided to head down to the beach. As we walked down the path and onto the sand, we spotted Gale and Madge fast asleep together under the sun. "Well, well, well." I laughed, walking over to them. "Didn't expect to find you two here." Katniss laughed, kicking sand onto Gale's stomach. Gale groaned as he woke, shielding his eyes from the sun as he and Madge sat up. "What time is it?" Madge asked, rubbing her eyes. "Just past twelve." Peeta answered. Both of them groaned again as they started to wake up properly. We sat down next to them, feeling the sun beating down on us, still strong even though the summer was nearly over. The beach was my favourite place to be in the world, and I suddenly had a memory of my first date with Annie down by the ocean at Coney Island. "Hey Annie." I said, turning to her suddenly. "Race you to the water." "You're on." she said cheekily, taking off down the sand. Annie was faster than I was and got to the water first, laughing and splashing me as I made my way to her. I took her in my arms and spun her around, her smile even warmer than the sun. I could have spent all day with Annie in the water, and even though the rest of the group were splashing each other nearby, it was almost as if we were the only two people in the entire world. An hour later, we saw a familiar face making her way slowly towards the water. "Thanks for inviting me guys." Johanna called to us. "Hey, we were under strict instructions not to wake you up!" I laughed. "Yeah yeah, whatever Odair." Johanna laughed, turning away. "Aww come on Johanna, get in the water!" Katniss called to her. "No thank you, I'll stay on land." Johanna replied. "Come on!" Annie laughed, splashing water on her. "Oh this is war, Cresta." Johanna grinned, moving to chase Annie further into the water. Soon Peeta, Delly, Madge and Gale were in on the war, and as I managed to dodge a splash of water from Peeta, Katniss caught my eye. She motioned for me to walk out a little further out into the water while the others where distracted, presumably to talk more privately. "Is everything alright?" I asked, concerned. "I heard Annie this morning." Katniss looked at me. "Is she okay?" I nodded. "She has nightmares about the car accident." I explained. "A lot?" "Yeah." I sighed. "Usually it takes a while for her to calm down, but I do what I can to make sure she knows that she's safe." "Is it hard?" "Seeing her like that?" I looked back at Annie, laughing as she tried to escape Johanna. I hated that she ever had to feel pain at all. "Yeah. It kills me." "I got you really wrong, Finnick." Katniss said suddenly. "You're actually a really great guy." "Why thank you." I laughed, a little surprised. "You aren't too bad yourself. I might even miss seeing you everyday once we graduate." "Aww, don't get all sentimental on me Finnick." she laughed. It was true though. I couldn't imagine leaving high school and not seeing my group of friends in the courtyard everyday. It just all seemed so strange. "Looking forward to senior year then?" "Yeah, I suppose." Katniss said, but I sensed there was something playing on her mind. "Worried about whether Cashmere will be up to her old tricks?" "I just don't want to spent the whole year looking over my shoulder." she explained. "Hey, you'll have us to back you up." I reminded her. "Oh yeah, you lot will be a great help." Katniss laughed, motioning to Johanna who had Peeta in a headlock. "Hmmm, we better go in and save your boyfriend." I laughed. Together we joined in the mini war that had erupted in the water, and teamed up with Annie and Peeta as we turned on Johanna. I was soaking in wet in a second though, when Annie suddenly jumped on my back, dragging us both down into the water. "Hey, I thought we were on the same team!" I laughed, moving my dripping hair out of my eyes. Annie shrugged. "Change of plans." "Oh, it's on then missy!" I called, jumping up and chasing after Annie again as she shrieked with laughter. Eventually we all got too tired, and called a truce for the time being. Exhausted, we collapsed onto the sand together. Annie lay next to me, shifting her position for a few minutes before finally getting comfortable with her head on my chest. None of us spoke, and I entertained myself by untangling the knots in Annie's sandy hair as she dozed off to sleep. It was absolute bliss, and I thought to myself that even the summer was nearly over, I couldn't have been happier. I meant what I had said to Katniss, I really did. Even though Cashmere could cause trouble for Katniss at school, I was still worried about Annie and I couldn't put off thinking about my future for any longer, I had a feeling that senior year was going to be the best year yet.