for dinner tonight?" I asked as I pulled away. "Are you sure about this?" he asked, concerned. "Yeah, I think it would be good. Besides, I think it's about time you meet them," I assured. We stood up and walked back to town before parting ways we hugged. ~~PL~~ My nerves pricked as the time got agonizing closer for Gale to arrive. I still needed to tell mom about Gale and tell the kids a guest was coming for dinner. After getting ready, I went back downstairs to find mom in the kitchen, chopping up vegetables. "Mom, can I talk to you please?" I asked. "Sure honey, you know you can talk to me about anything." She smiled, still focused on the task at hand. "You remember Gale, right?" I asked. "Yeah, why?" she asked. I took a deep breath to steady my voice and prepared myself for her wrath. "He's coming over for dinner, that's okay, right?" After a minute of silence she spoke up, "Are you sure you're up for that? I mean, Peeta hasn't been gone that long and look what he did to Prim. He has caused too much heartache in this family. I don't want the kids being subjected to that." "Mom, please stop and let me explain. I know what he's done in the past, but it was all a mistake…" "A mistake that cost your sister her life!" She cut me off. "Mom please listen to me," I begged, at her nod I continued. "I know what he did in the past was a mistake. A mistake that we both have to live with for the rest of our lives. What happened to Prim wasn't Gale's fault. He designed the bomb on the notion they were going to use the bomb against the Capitol, not kill innocent children and Prim. He tried to save her. When he spotted Prim in the area, near where the bomb had landed, he ran towards her but it was already too late. She got caught by the backfire." I was in tears by the time I finished, and so was mom. "I had no idea," she whispered. "You probably never gave him the chance to tell you what happened just like me," I told her. "It's time we change. Prim wouldn't want us to continue hating him for what has happened. She just wouldn't." She sighed and nodded. I gave her a hug as the doorbell rang. "He's here," I whispered as I left to answer the door. When we walked into the dining room, we took our seats at the cherry oak table. The two kids were seated on either side of my chair, in their high chairs and mom was on the other side of Victor. Gale was still standing when I took my seat. "Gale, have a seat," Mom said. He sat next to Victoria as mom dished out the food. "So, Gale, this little angel next to you is my beautiful daughter, Victoria. And this little guy is my handsome son, Victor." I smiled as I introduced him to the kids. I had already had the talk with them about Gale. They knew he was an old friend of mine. "Nice to meet you both," he said, greeting the both of them. "They look just like you." The rest of dinner was spent in silence, except for forks hitting plates. After dinner, we had mom's famous pie for dessert. Mom took the kids to the rooms and tucked them in while Gale and I went into the living room. Gale sat at one end of the couch as I claimed the other. When mom entered the room she claimed the recliner. "Mrs. Everdeen, I want to…" he began, but mom held up her hand to stop him. "No need to be formal, call me Mary." She tried a smile. "And don't apologize, that's all you seemed to be doing for the past few years. Katniss and I spoke before you showed up, and I have realized that I hadn't given you the chance to explain what happened. When that bomb took my baby girl's life, it was like my will to live left with her. For awhile, I didn't have the strength to move on nor the will to. But as Katniss told me earlier, it is about time we moved on and begin to really live life and that includes you. From this day forward no one is to apologize for the past and, as hard as it may be, no more tears. Got it?" I was stunned speechless. Gale's mouth dropped as he stared at her. "Got it?" she asked, again. We both nodded and got up to hug her. Later that night as, I crawled into bed I thought about the days events as I drifted off to sleep with a smile on my face. ~~PL~~ Gale and I had been together now for six years; dated for two and married for four. We had a set of twins, boy and girl, a year after we'd gotten married. When we brought the twins home, my oldest two were really excited to meet them. Gale had stepped up to the father role and my kids love him. Victor and Victoria were both ten now and our babies, Cassandra and Alex, were two. "There you are," Gale said as he entered our room, effectively, breaking me out of my memories. "Of course, where else would I be?" I asked. "What's wrong?" he asked with a worried look. "Nothing, just thinking." I smiled. "Thinking about the past years of our life together, and how it all happened." He smiled brightly as he said, "These past few years with you have been the best of my life and hope to have many more years together." "I look forward to the rest of our lives together as a family," I said. We crawled under the covers and drifted off to sleep in each others arms.