person rather than a roast leg from a deer I'd bought from my friend Jack Everdeen this afternoon. Really all we came up with was to have everyone spread out so that it was more like a room full of individuals rather than the much feared crowd. That and not letting me carve the deer leg. Flopping down onto the couch once the dishes were taken care of, Haymitch and Taftan sat at separate ends of my couch. "Come here sweetheart." Haymitch waggled his eyebrows and I had to stifle my laughter. With a cheeky sashay of my hips I sat down next to him then leaned over until my head was on Taftan's thigh, "What's up?" A light blush colored his pale cheeks but Taftan just tipped his head back and laughed. Haymitch grabbed my hand and pulled me upright with a properly embarrassed growl, "Get over here." Curling up to Haymitch's side I felt one of Taftan's large warm hands resting on my ankle. So of course Haymitch got all tensed up when he saw it. Nothing would ruin the night more than having Haymitch attempt to throw Taftan out of my house and then getting tossed out into the snow by me for such obnoxious overprotective-of-your-Victor-girlfriend behavior. Casually, as if a war was not about to erupt on my sofa, I grabbed a remote and turned on the television. Luckily the distraction worked. It just worked a little too well. The Quarter Quell theme announcement was on tonight. I'd completely forgotten about it entirely. Between the almost war and the anxiety of seeing my family for the first time since my Father's death the next impending Hunger Games had slipped my mind. The three of us tensed as President Snow walked onto stage and a short raven haired Avox girl carried a small box for him. First off he had to get the usual propaganda about how we brought the Hunger Games on ourselves for attacking the mighty and omniscient Capitol and he even told the history of the Quarter Quell. Not that I would ever repeat the tragic true story or the tainted version Snow fed to us. On cue the Avox opened the wooden box that contained hundreds of yellow envelopes. In these Envelopes were instructions for special Hunger Games twists that would make winning more a game of chance rather than skill. The kids who won the Quarter Quell were never the strongest of the bunch, but the smartest who knew to trust nothing inside the Arena until they had solid proof that it was harmless. Or out of sheer dumb luck. "All those envelopes." I whimpered. "Multiplied by twenty-five." One of the boys added in shock. We sat in silence as President Snow decided the fate of Panem's youth with one nonchalant grab into the box. "This year there will be twice the number of tributes Reaped to remind the Districts that for every Capitol citizen murdered, two rebels were killed in retribution. One lone Victor will stand at the end of this, the Second Quarter Quell, as a reminder of the Capitol's mercy in sparing the remainder of the traitorous Districts." The television went dark. One of the boys had turned it off. Apparently I had stood at some point during the announcement. Waves of terror ran through me along with the senseless urge to run away. But run where? As District Twelve's only Victor I was going to be forced to Mentor those four poor souls. There was no rock I could hide under, no ocean I could swim across, no cave deep enough for me to hide from the Hunger Games. I had no place or person to run to. Wrong , my body responded. Bolting out the front door, much to Haymitch and Taftan's surprise, I sprinted with waves of tears blurring my vision and brutally cold January air stealing whatever heat the theme announcement hadn't ripped from me already. Merchant shops blurred by as I navigated the familiar dark streets that had once been my home. Three times I slipped on patches of ice and landed on my face which only made me run faster and cry harder. A single shop had the lights on downstairs— as I'd been told was a nightly ritual to bring a lost loved one home— and I burst through the door, sobbing and out of breath. There, just across the worn wooden counter of the shop I had once worked in stood Mother. Before she could react, I ran around the counter and hugged myself to her as tight as was humanly possible. Not matter what, you will always have your mother, my instincts told me. "Honey...?" Mother whispered, unsure how to react. "Mom I... I-I hav-ve t-to train-n them a-all." I sobbed like a small child, "I c-can't d-do it ag-gain." I began to apologize over and over again for not seeing them, for being the reason Father died— not that they knew or believed it was the truth—, and for every single moment of my life I had not cherished her company and guidance. "Shhh." Mother wrapped me into a warm protective embrace stroked my hair, "Shhh. It will be okay." I knew she was wrong but there was something about the way Mother said it that made me believe her. The boys eventually came to investigate the source of so much noise and instantly scrambled down the steps to wrap their arms around their big sister. For the first time since I had come home Victor over a year and a half ago the Fellcrest family gathered together into a group hug. Instead of freaking out and feeling crowded I felt safe. Like everything would be okay. Oh my. We all know from past experience that Titania's life is most likely never going to be okay, and when she says that it will, things only get worse. I hope you guys like the new characters that I'm bringing in!