to spill from her eyelashes, and a deep, shuddering breath echoed in her lungs every moment the thumps paused inside his chest. She felt guilty, dim. "Daddy... I'm so sorry. I... I—" Her father pulled her closer into his warmth, pressing his cheek over the top of her aching head. "Rue," he muttered to his daughter. She felt his lips as they moved against her temple with every word he spoke. "Rue...don't be silly." Under the pressure of his head against hers, she nodded in the slightest. She could feel his tears as they trailed down her forehead, she marked their searing heat as they dribbled down her cheeks, her skinny neck. Her father pulled away, and as he gazed down at her with tired eyes, his smile was solemn, genuine. Rue spoke with a small voice, the word, "Daddy." He looked at the tilted edges of her lips, the glassy reflection in her exhausted eyes. He could have sworn she was a shy-eyed, giggly twelve-year-old for a second time, but it was obvious that she wasn't. She was grown. Small, but grown. Reid felt his lips move into a smile as he brushed a tear from his daughter's smooth, dark skin. "You remember that rule I taught you?" There was a twinkle in Rue's eye and a grin that shone through her solemn mein at her father's words. "Always ch—" "—eck your harvest; that's right!" Echoed her father, and Rue's youthful giggle split the air as a grin twice as wide split her father's laughing face. "See, you'll be back," he smiled, bright and youthful at his daughter's eyes, and the smile on her face seemed to soften in that moment. "I wouldn't doubt for the world that you're going to win this." There was a blush that crept over his daughter's cheeks at the immense amount of pride that shone in his expression. His words were firm, but quiet. Every syllable was infused with the most honest of emotions. Rue gazed at her father, her brown eyes wide and curious. "You'll always believe in me, daddy," she told him. The words escaped her throat like an impulse. "Won't you?" She finished. She didn't know where they came from, but they spoke true and bold in her soul. It was a question to which she needed an answer. Her father took her into his arms, squeezing her, pressing a kiss to her forehead that lingered for the longest of whiles. His embrace was warm, engulfing, but a panic entered Rue's voice and she pushed on his chest with open, timid palms. "Won't you?" She repeated. Her father's eyes grew squinted and concerned. With a creak of the door a Peacekeeper shoved himself into the room with a gun strapped over his armor, loaded, no doubt. "Thirty seconds," he reminded. There was an irritated tick in his jaw, like he was rolling his eyes or disagreeing. A visor shielded his eyes and hid whatever emotion he had to tell. Rue's father pressed the girl to his chest, wrapping his arms around her back, and burying his face in her tight black curls. "Rue," he murmured. "I'm always gonna believe in you." "Ten seconds." Rue felt dried tears clinging to her face as she pulled from her father's shoulder, curling her fingers in his cotton shirt. "I love you, daddy," was all she could mumble past the thickness of her emotions as she looked into her father's fallen face. His skin was red, as red as it could be under the ebony shade of his roughened skin. "I love you too, Rue," he told her. Around her torso, his arms grew loose, his warmth grew further away. Rue's fingers slid from his shoulders, and the Peacekeeper stomped into the room, his boots muffled against the carpet. He took her father by the arm with a rough hand and a strong pull. To no prevail, Reid yanked his arms and stomped his tattered boots in an attempt to escape the man's hold. The light from the hallway illuminated her father's tears, streaming down his stubble-y chin, his neck, as strained grunts escaped his lips. Rue's sobs grew harder, thicker. "No," she croaked, and Reid twisted in the Peacekeeper's arms, freeing a hand from the man's steel grasp. "Daddy. Please!" His daughter yelled after him. In a panicked stillness, Rue watched as her father caught the man's jaw in a firm punch, looked on with glassy eyes as the man toppled into the table of mahogany. The room's only light flickered into darkness as the lamp shattered, leaving dangerous fragments of glass strewn over the carpet in a reflective mess. Immediately following the shatter, the sound of a gunshot echoed through the hallway and Rue was only left with enough time to croak out a sob that left her body craning over the loss of energy; the sour pain that struck deep in her stomach. Rue watched with petrified eyes as her father sank to his knees, his body falling forward with a thud that was inaudible under the sheer volume of the wail that coursed through her body. A Peacekeeper charged into the room, followed by the other, bruised man, and the two of them towered over her as they grabbed her flailing torso. Their arms were rough, cold with the armor. Her footing failed beneath her, and just as something pierced the skin of her thigh, two gloved hands wrenched around her ankles. She lost control of her movements; her speech. In the Peacekeepers' rough hold, her body fell limp. She listened to the sound of the Peacekeepers' boots fading into oblivion as she drooped in their arms. Beneath her moved polished wood, thundering white boots as the Peacekeepers carried her in their hurry. Sunlight entered Rue's vision in wisps of yellow light, and the very last thing that registered in her mind was the metallic odor of her father's blood, pungent as it drowned in the sour breeze of day.