thought occurred to her. "Katie," she said, "will you and Alf do me a favour?" "Sure. What is it?" "Spot," Ruth replied. Spot was her small brown-and-white mongrel dog whom she had had ever since he was a puppy. "If I . . ." She found she couldn't say the word "die", as if uttering it when she was about to be sent to the Hunger Games would somehow make it come true. " . . . don't win, will you look after him?" Katie nodded. "Of course I will." She wished she could have brought Spot with her, but dogs were not allowed inside the Justice Building, so it looked as though he might never see his mistress again. All she could do was hope that, if the worst happened, Spot would not pine too much; she had visions of him constantly waiting in vain for Ruth to return. But she had made a promise to look after the dog and she meant to keep it. Before long, the same Peacekeeper who had dismissed Demmie and Neil came to tell Katie and Alf they had to leave. Tributes were allowed only an hour to say goodbye to all their loved ones before being taken to the station, from which they would travel to the Capitol by luxury train. As only officially sanctioned travel between districts was permitted, this would be the only chance most of them would have to see any part of Panem other than their home districts. Ruth spent the remainder of the hour in the company of her closest friends from school. Dorcas Gray, whose older brother had been a tribute a few years earlier; Flora Sharpe, whose mother was the local dressmaker and had made Katie's wedding outfit; Elly Parker, who had two younger brothers, the older of whom had just been through his first reaping . . . Knowing she might never see them again, she tried to commit their faces to memory, only to find that thoughts of the Hunger Games and how one of the twenty-three cannon shots which would sound during the Games might signal her death kept intruding. It was almost a relief when the Peacekeeper came and told Ruth that her hour was up and she had to leave for the train station. Soon, Ruth was sitting in the back of a car, along with Lukas who, like her, had just spent the last hour saying goodbye to his friends and family. It had been especially hard for him, since he had been the man of the family for the past five years, a role which would now fall to his ten-year-old brother, Lyndon. His father had died during one of District 9's hardest winters, leaving a widow with five young children; as well as Lyndon, Lukas had two sisters called Letty and Livia and another brother called Lance. And, with the money Mrs Green earned selling old clothes in the market barely enough to feed the family, it had been essential for Lukas to take tesserae. Letty, who was fourteen, had followed suit three years later, but Lyndon, Livia and Lance were not yet old enough. But perhaps, even when they did reach reaping age, they wouldn't have to take such a risk. If he won the Games, Lukas would be rewarded with a home in District 9's Victor's Village and enough riches to ensure that, while his siblings would still not be able to escape the reaping, they would never have to take the gamble of adding their names into the draw extra times. Of course, that meant the girl sitting beside him would have to die, but he tried to avoid thinking of that. Septima got out of the car first, followed by the two previous District 9 victors: a young woman named Thalia Ashe who had won ten years earlier and a grey-haired man named Ethan Blake, the victor in the Third Hunger Games. They would be acting as Lukas and Ruth's mentors, advising them on their strategies for the arena, coaching them for their interviews the night before the Games began, securing sponsorship for the two young tributes . . . Ruth and Lukas got out of the car and Septima promptly steered them into the station. As no-one could travel beyond the boundaries of their own districts without official permission, there was no ticket booth, just a surly-looking Peacekeeper whose job was to check that anyone who attempted to enter the station had the proper authorisation to travel. Septima handed him a piece of paper which stated that their party consisted of two Hunger Games tributes and their escorts. Grunting, the Peacekeeper took the paper and examined it for a moment, before stamping it with the Capitol's seal and handing it back to Septima. "All right. You're cleared," he said shortly, directing the five of them into the station. Inside, the station was thronged with reporters, all of them jostling for position as they attempted to film the tributes. Several shouted questions at Lukas and Ruth, but Septima was used to this kind of thing, having been a district escort for over twenty years, and rebuffed the reporters by telling them they would have to "wait until interview night." She then led the party to where a brand new high-speed train stood waiting. Before they could board, however, they had to pose for photographs, as was customary when tributes were about to leave for the Capitol. Septima spent several minutes trying to sort everyone out and get herself into the most prominent position she could manage without overshadowing Ruth and Lukas. Finally satisfied, she told the tributes and their mentors to look at the camera. "Big smiles, everyone!" she cried, pulling back her lips to show off the teeth which she had recently had studded with real diamonds. Though Ruth managed to smile for the camera, what she wanted to do more than anything was weep for those she might never see again.