fighter, you can.' Peeta urged ` You have no idea how much this hurts!' I screamed. Peeta tried to conceal looking I really felt bad . Damn my hormones. I kept screaming my head off while kept coaxing me to push. When I started crowning, Dr Aurelius called Peeta to see his little baby, He tentatively got up and joined Dr. Aurelius. Dr Aurelius commanded me to give one final push, and with all my strength I pushed our baby out. The room was immediately filled with our baby's high pitched cry. `Congratulations, it's a girl!'Dr Aurelius said. `A girl' Peeta whispered happily kissing her tiny forehead. I let tears tumble down my face as Peeta placed our little angel in my arms, The unbounded joy of holding her tamed my fear. `Welcome to the world Primrose Rue Mellark. Mommy and daddy love you.' I said , my voice quivering with emotion. `She's so tiny! What if I break her?she is so fragile and tiny. Peeta im going to be a really weak mom' `No Katniss, you are the strongest woman I ever met. You are a fighter, a survivor and you are going to be the most amazing mom ever and I love you for that' Peeta put a protective and strong arm around us. His eyes were filled with looked at our little joy in my arms, I cried happy tears, while rushed footsteps entered the room. Haymitch ,Annie and Will stood on the doorway with big smiles plastered on their faces. `You did it sweetheart!' Haymitch said allowing a tear trickle down his face. I smiled. I wished Johanna,mom,dad, Finnick,Prim and Effie could be here on my most special moment. Peeta kissed my forehead, `Thank you Katniss, for giving me , our perfect little bundle of joy' Chapter 3- Visitors I stared at my little baby nestled safely between me and Peeta. She stared at me with her big blue eyes and tugged at my hair. She was perfect, she had Peeta's amazing eyes and my dark hair, her chubby cheeks were flushed pink, like roses had kissed them. And the best part was that she was mine. She made gurgling noises, and I chuckled. Peeta kept shaking her little baby rattle, which fascinated her. Buttercup mewed gently and landed softly near Prim. Buttercup adored this new Prim, he was her constant guard and he hissed at me and Peeta if we tried to shoo him heard the front door open, Peeta motioned me to stay while he went downstairs. I heard his footsteps down the hallway. Then silence, it started to worry me.I strained to hear any more sounds, after a while I heard to pairs of footsteps coming towards the nursery, instinctively I took Prim in my arms, making Buttercup growl . `Shut up, she's my baby' I said to Buttercup making him hiss. I rolled my eyes at him.I was the mother not him. The cat was ridiculous at times. I heard the click-clacking of high heels on my hard wood floors which meant only one thing…. The door swung open as a familiar face entered, no big guess there. `It sure is a big, big, big day for you both!' Effie squealed, hugging me. `Hi Effie, Its so good to see you! Glad you made it to see little Prim.' I said happily. `Aw, this angel is so beautiful!' `I made her." Peeta said proudly I rolled my eyes at him but let a smile escape. `Can I hold her?' `Of course.' Effie gingerly took Prim in her arms. Prim stared at Effie her big blue eyes looking at this new person in her life. Peeta walked to me and put his arms around me and kissed my hair, I welcomed his fondness. It seemed just yesterday when I was the adventurous hunter with a tough streak, now fifteen years later it felt so different I had an incredible family, doting friends plenty of comfort, my life felt perfect all thanks to Peeta my amazing husband without life was unthinkable and now my little Prim I thanked God for blessing me with such an angel. Prim let out a high pitched wail snapping me out of my thoughts and startling Effie .Buttercup mewed. `Oh my, what did I do wrong?' I laughed ,that was so un-Effie. `Nothing Effie, Prim's just hungry, Here give her to me,why don't you meet Haymitch? He must be in the backyard with his geese. Effie smiled and walked off. Peeta helped me undress to feed Prim .He kept staring at me like an old man seeing the sun for the first time..I cleared my throat. ` Sorry honey, just couldn't help it' I rolled my eyes and bought Prim near to my chest while she suckled hungrily. After she was done, Peeta took her and made her burp,she touched Peeta's cheek and smiled. Peeta kissed her and told her how much he loved her and bounced her in his arms making her squeal. I smiled, Peeta looked so radiant he was flushed with happiness, maybe this was the glow everyone said pregnancy bought. `Maybe we should go downstairs, Effie must be waiting and I think Annie and Will are coming too.' Peeta waked towards me with an expression I could not describe love?awe?happiness? He sat next to me making Buttercup jump off the bed hissing dramatically. Peeta paid no attention to the cat instead he placed Prim on the crib and stared right into my eyes. `Peeta , what is wr-' I was cut short. Peeta kissed me with such a force which surprised me ,he had so much passion a fiery love that was unlike him his hands grabbed my neck. Finally I got breathless and had to break free. I laid my head on his shoulder. `What's with this sudden love burst husband dear?' `A small token of thanks , and did I mention that you are one sexy mommy?' I laughed. ` you,i m flattered