her, "and I felt the tug, so I stood up and moved away. It disappeared and I stayed." "But, you're here now." "Yeah, it came back, and I went with it." "So, not a way to stay, but a way to stay slightly longer? You have nothing." Peeta sighed, and rubbed his hands down his face. "I thought it was something." "What? Five more minutes was something?" They both fell silent. The reality of their bizarre situation was pretty overwhelming. "What if it is another world, a real world like this one, and we have somehow found a doorway through, even if it is only temporary, but what if that doorway closes? What if tonight, we go to sleep and – nothing! We never meet them again?" "I still have you." Katniss wished it would be enough for her, but the idea that she wouldn't see him again, in her dreams, left her feeling more lonely than she had felt with Gale. Evening Katniss sealed the envelope and placed it on the table in front of her. She had told him everything; how she fell asleep and found herself in his world. How she thought it was a dream to begin with and now she wasn't so sure. She explained how the Katniss he knew was not the same person as she, and she was the one who loved him. It sounded like the ramblings of a crazy woman. Katniss was certain he would reject her the next time she made it through their dimensional doorway. She got ready for bed, and took the letter with her. She hadn't considered how she would get it through with her she just figured if she fell asleep with it in her hand, it would carry through as well. Morning Katniss woke with a start. The letter was next to her on the bed, crumpled but still here. She'd had no dreams and the disappointment was palpable. Evening Five days had passed and no dreams or doorways had opened for Katniss. She avoided Peeta at work, and spent her time at home, laying on her bed, longing for his touch. All she could think about was what if the doorway had now closed for good. It was a possibility she didn't want to consider for very long. It hurt too much. A soft knock sounded on her bedroom door, before Gale pushed it open. "Can I come in?" It was the first time she'd heard his voice in months. "Sure," Katniss sat up on the bed and watched him walk in, and sit by her feet. "I'm sorry it ended like this, Kat. I always imagined my life with you in it. In a way, I still want that, but I know you don't. I can't fight for you because you don't want me to. I don't know what happened to us." Katniss nodded. It was the conversation she had been dreading for a while. "I'm sorry too." And to her surprise she started crying. She cried for who they used to be, and how happy they were, and for the future she thought they had that now vanished like thin air. She didn't know what future was waiting for her, she did know it wasn't with Gale, but she mourned the loss of him all the same. "Shh," he murmured and scooted closer, pulling her against his chest. His hands stroked her hair and arms, and he held her gently, letting her tears soak through his shirt. It was some time later when Katniss realised she had fallen asleep in his embrace. His breathing was even and steady which indicated he too had fallen asleep. They were laying back against the pillows, the room dark. She needed the bathroom, so gently, trying not to disturb him, she moved off the bed and opened the door. Suddenly the room began to spin, and a light shone in her face. Blinking against the bright intrusion, Katniss noticed both herself, dream Katniss, and Peeta, standing in front of her. They were facing her, and both were speechless as if she had walked in on them mid conversation. Confused, Katniss looked around. Were they in her world or was she in theirs? Hearing Gale mumble something behind her, Katniss watched her dream-self react to his voice. She looked happy, and her eyes sought him out in the darkness behind her. The rooms behind them both were the bright rooms of dream Peeta's apartment, and behind her was her own. Somehow, they were all stood in the hall. Was this the doorway to each other's worlds? Katniss looked from dream Kat to Peeta. He held out his hand towards her. He was asking her to stay. Her; not dream Katniss, but real Katniss, and before she could respond she felt the gentle pull of her world calling her back. It was too soon, and remembering what Peeta had told her, she knew she needed to move. She wanted to take his hand, she wanted to go to him and never let go, so she did. His fingers gripped hers and as she moved to his side, dream Katniss moved past her, looking straight ahead, focused on her own personal goal, she walked into the bedroom, towards Gale, and without a backward glance, dream Katniss closed the bedroom door. The tug of worlds vanished. She felt sure it had gone, but for how long? Had dream Katniss taking her place in her world severed the line? She didn't know, but she felt like she had come home. Briefly, she thought of real Peeta, and hoped he would find a way to stay with his dream Kat, but she felt confident he would someday be happy, too. They were meant for each other after all. Katniss looked up at Peeta, and kissed his jaw. "Who are you?" He whispered. "The one who loves you," she replied. "The girl in my dreams?" he asked. "Your soul mate," she assured him.