Were in high school!" Cato sighed and ran his hand threw his hair. Who knows how many times he had done that over the years when having an argument with her. He fiddled with the loose string on the end of his shirt when an idea formed. He jerked his hand, the string breaking with a snap before he grabbed Clove's hand. "What are you doings?" "It's a promise string," Cato said, trying the blue string around her ring finger. "A promise string? Are you high?" Clove asked. "No! It's like a promise ring. I'll have one and you'll have one and we,ll remain loyal to each other because I love you," Cato smiled. Clove gave him a sheepish grin. "Well, when you use that logic I really can't argue." =3 Clove didn't think she'd be to upset the night before Cato went off to collage. She thought the fair well at the train station would be the hardest thing, but as she lay in their tree house in the middle of the night, she realized she was so wrong. She didn't jump when the door opened and Cato stuck his head in. "Oh, hey," Cato said and climbed in. She gave him a smile. "Mind if I lay with you?" He asked. She didn't reply and he took the spot next to her on the floor. Her head somehow found its way onto his arms. They just lay on the floor of their tree house, looking up at the branches making their way threw the boards. "Why'd you come up here?" She asked, suddenly breaking the comfortable silence. She felt him shrug slightly. "Didn't think I'd be able to say goodbye tomorrow." "You would, Mr. Sentimental," Clove said sarcastically. "I'm going to miss you," Cato said, his other arm embracing her. "I'm going to miss you more," Clove said. "Were going to make Dylan barf tomorrow when saying goodbye," Cato said and she laughed. "Forgot about him. Maybe I won't miss you to much if I can just hook up with him when I miss you." Cato scoffed at Clove's comment. His voice was a octave lower and sounded a bit like a surfers as he tried to mock his brother. "Wow, Clove. Your ass is like so fine and damn those lips. This has just been my dream since I was eleven, bruh. Where's Hannah Montana with the three some." Clove erupted in a fit of giggles after hearing Cato's poor imitation of his brother. "Seriously, though. I'm going to miss you." "Don't worry. We'll see each other every weekend and video chat every night and text all the time. It'll be like I'm not even gone. Except we can't do this," Cato said before capturing her lips with his own. When he pulled away, Clove could only see his bright blue eyes. They were the same bright blue eyes that lightened with interest the first time he saw her in her window when she was only five and he six. She kissed him once more before pulling her shirt over her head. "Clove...?" Cato asked but she interrupted them. "I'm ready, Cato. I love you," she responded. "I love you too." =3 It had been fifteen years since that faithful day that Cato had told her best friends can get threw anything. Fifteen years since she fell in love with him. Fifteen years since cancer won. She drove from her and Cato's apartment in the city to see her dad, but that wasn't her best choice. She came because of the day and to tell him some news, but only found he was drunk beyond belief. It shouldn't of surprised her. He always spent a lot of time drunk since she left home. She tried to hang around her childhood home, but found herself in the tree house. If anything, that tree house was her home. She sat in the same spot she had years ago, thinking about her mom. She would be happy with the news she was going to tell her dad. Clove had gone to the cometary earlier to tell her, but it wasn't the same. She jumped when the door opened and a man crawled into the small house. "First place you looked?" Clove asked, a smile settling on her face when he sat down next to her. "Third actually," he smiled. "I said hi to your mom, gave your dad some Advil and then came up here. He doesn't know does he?" "He was drunk when I showed up. I wasn't about to tell him when I'm just going to have to do it again. And he'd probably ask who the father is," Clove said. Cato kissed the top of her head and threw his arm around her shoulders. "Sorry, babe, I know today is hard, but look on the bright side." "What's the bright side, Cato?" "There are so many memories here. When we first met. Our friendship. Our first kiss. Where our relationship started. Our first time. Where our son or daughter was conceived. Where I purposed..." He trailed off. Clove pulled away from him. "Purposed? What?" Cato pulled a diamond ring out of his pocket and held it out to her. "Will you marry me?" He asked her. "Yes," Clove grinned and slipped the ring on her finger before leaning down and kissing his beautiful bride to be. =3 Cato and Clove sat on the back porch of their newly purchased home, the backyard stretched out in front of them. They watched their two oldest children run in the yard, playing at the base of a huge oak tree. Their youngest child sat in Clove's lap, sleeping in the warm June air. Cato took Clove's hand in his own and kissed the back of her hand. "What do you want now, Cato?" She asked, her tone trying to be scolding but she couldn't hide her smile. Cato grinned at her. "I think I'm going to build a tree house."