them and also to actually get him to pull his arm away from her. In response, the boy squeezed her against him. "My arm is not fat, beautiful" He pecked her forehead, making Clove scowl, and turned at the screen. A few minutes later his arm was back on his knee. He leaned down on the couch and watched the movie. It was a horror movie so if he got the chance he was going to take it and 'protect' Clove, but she was too busy getting protected by her cousin, whom had traded places with him. Clove looked up at Foxface and hid her face on her shoulder. "I'm actually scared" She murmured and the redhead laughed, but held Clove against her since she was shaking too. Cato watched them snuggled against each other and he smirked. He nudged Peeta on his rib and pointed them. "Look" He murmured and smirked, without dragging Katniss's attention on him. "They're cute," Peeta chuckled and rubbed Katniss´s back, kissing the top of the head of his scared girlfriend. Cato shrugged and chuckled "Girls." Foxface glanced at the boys "Are you guys talking about us?" Cato nodded with a smirk "That's rude!" she poked Cato on his cheast and sticked her tongue out at her friend "Shut up and watch the movie. Unless you're too scared to do so." Cato rolled his eyes and threw his attention back to the screen, being imitated by Peeta and the read head. Minutes later, the screams coming from the screen weren´t giving him anything anymore. He closed his eyes in the dark of the room and rolled his head back. At the end of the film, overpowering the low music of the credits, Cato's loud snore - caused by the position of his head - caught everyone's attention. "Hey, Cat!" giggling, Clove watched as Katniss poked Cato's sides, making him grumbled under his sleep. Clove sighed and, deciding to not let him annoy her, stood up. "Peeta, can you show us where we will sleep? If you don't mind, I mean…" she bit her bottom lip, looking at Katniss on Peeta's lap. She liked to watch the way her friend held his girlfriend like he would protect her of anything, even if he had to give his life for it. And the way their eyes meet, like they were born for that shock of grey and blue. That was what Clove wanted in a relationship, though she was determined to not be in one for years. "Of course, Clover," he gave her a smile and Katniss stood up along with Foxface. "I'm tired!" Peeta's girlfriend yawned and wrinkled her nose "But I have to eat something first. Baby," she pouted at Peeta "do you still have those lemon muffins?" The boy nodded and kissed her cheek before walking upstairs. "Follow me," he commanded at Foxface and her cousin "The house has three floors, Fox already knows that, but you should be careful, Clove. There are empty rooms and my mother decorated the corridors all the same way, so it's kind of easy for you to get lost in the first days. I did, a lot, so I'm talking for experience." "Okay. Thanks, lover boy," she smiled and tried to memorize the details of the corridor they walking in, so she wouldn't get lost. "This is my corridor too," Cato smirked at her and walked right to his room "If you need something, anything you want, princess, count on me" he winked and closed the door of his room. Clove rolled her eyes and looked at Foxface. "He is so flirty. Ugh!" she sighed and shook her head. Peeta showed Clove her new room. A huge room and all of it only for her. The bed was more than comfortable, she was starting to fall in love for this house. Maybe changing to that place, even though she would stay there just during vacations, wouldn´t be that bad. At the middle of the night the nightmares from the movie roamed her mind, making her to stood up and opened the door. The lights of the corridors were off but there was a slight light coming from behind a door. She walked to it, thinking that it was Foxface's room. When she entered it she found a tall blonde guy. Naked. Pleasing himself and groaning 'Fuck' She thought to herself. Cato turned to looked at her and took his hands away from his hard. His eyes widened and his face turned completely red. "No, please… Look, it's not what you think, princess!" "Ew ew ew ew !" she covered her eyes and moaned like she was in pain, while Cato hurried to pick a pillow and cover the between of his legs with it "I swear that if I get blind I will cut it off of you!" she shouted before running back to her room. Clove felt her cheeks burning and she couldn't take the image of Cato's… thing between his hands, as he tilted is head to the back and moaned in the pleasure he was giving himself. Disgusting prick , she thought and hushed to her bed, covering her body with the sheets like little kids do when they are afraid of the monsters under their bed. In his room, Cato walked to the door and closed it, making sure to lock it. "You're so stupid!" he cursed himself and shook his head. He was doing what that girl had refused to do to him and what, due to having to stay at home all day, no other chick could do. And then she caught him in the act. You need to stop fucking up with the girl , he told himself before falling asleep, she ain't leaving this house by the end of the summer before she's mine. So if you guys liked it leave a review so we will know if you want to continue reading or not. xxxxxxxxxxxxx have a nice day