After a month, I've realized this girl could talk anyone into anything. And if she couldn't, she would stand there until they would give it to her anyway. I have to admit, I've grown fond of her. One day, she sits down with a picture I recognize. It's Katniss and her family. I feel bile rising in my throat. I instantly want a drink, although I've been starting to cut back. She grabs my wrist before I can go anywhere. We've been spending enough time together that she knows me well enough to predict what I'll want to do. "I know the girl you were talking about was Katniss, Gale," she says slowly. "I used to watch you two sneak under the fence. I know what happened to her sister." I don't speak. I can't. I'm staring at the picture of a much younger Katniss, about the age when I first met her in the woods. I'm trying to focus on breathing. "But you know, her sister wouldn't have made it out of District 12 that night without you. Her mother, either," she closes my hand around the picture," she pauses, waits patiently until I meet her eye. "She doesn't blame you." "How do you know that?" my voice is hoarse. Aspen's face breaks out in a softer version of her signature smile, "I went to see her, of course." I asked her one day why she did all that for me. She said she didn't want to see someone suffer who made it so so many other people didn't have to. She ends up moving in with me instead of living in the army dorms. She has her own room. Having a girl to treat like a little sister reminds me of my own and she convinces me to invite my family to visit. Posy instantly takes a liking to her and they sit for hours, laughing and talking. They share some stories about me. I silently thank Aspen for keeping the darker ones to herself. My mom hugs me with tears in her eyes. Later in the night, I hear her whispering with Aspen, thanking her for whatever it is she did. I don't know how to explain what exactly she did for me. I guess she gave me my faith back. I still don't want to go back to the person I was during the war. I think I lost some of myself then, but then again, I think everyone did. Some nights, she has nightmares. I know because I do, too. I wake her up, bring her a glass of water and then just sit with her until she falls back to sleep. I realize despite her personality, we're a lot more alike than I thought. She doesn't let anyone get close to her either, anyone other than me. I ask her about it one night. It's a year after we first met and she's working on dinner. She pauses for a minute, glancing up at me, "I never had anyone else to depend on other than myself, not really," then she smiles. Of course she does. "That's okay, though. I like me." I grin, "Yeah, you're okay, kid." She points the knife at me in mock anger, "That's Aspen to you, Commander Hawthorne." I remember that conversation a year later when she's receiving her official army uniform. Her training is over and she's been stationed in District 5. She'll come back eventually, but she's leaving for now. I try to ignore the lump in my throat as the ceremony comes to a close. Two years ago I didn't even know this girl existed and now I can't imagine my life without her. I don't want to let her out of my sight either. I can't imagine what I would do if something happened to her. Not only did she give me my family back, she gave me another member. But as she walks over with a grin on her face, she sticks her tongue out to tease me. I'm reminded of her confidence and her unwavering optimism. Wherever she goes, she'll be fine. And thanks to her, I will be, too. She stops in front of me, her smile fading a little bit, like she just realized that she'll be leaving in the morning. "Hey, congratulations, kid," I ruffle her hair. "Now get your crap out of my house." "Cute," she smirks. "So, what's my present?" "Who says I got you a present?" She simply raises her eyebrow and I can't help but smile. Some things haven't changed in two years. I tilt my head toward the door, "Follow me." We walk silently to the edge of the only patch of forest in District 2. There's a bow resting against a tree, brand new and hand-crafted. Designed by me. She runs to it instantly, running her hands over the smooth black frame. She reminds me so much of Katniss in that moment that my breath catches. I still haven't talked to Katniss, but I realize that that's okay. I will always miss her. I'll always love her, too. But she deserves to be happy and to move on. That means I have to let her go. "Is this for me?" Aspen asks, glancing up at me. "Really?" I laugh, "Well, if it's not you put your hands all over it now so you might as well take it." She runs to me, leaping up to wrap her arms around my neck, "Thank you. I love it." I press my lips to the top of her head, "You're welcome," I put her down. "Now let me show you how to use it." She glances toward the woods, then back at me. She knows I don't go in there. Ever. "I think it's about time I do," I say in answer to her silent question. "It was an escape for me and if you never need one, I want it to be an escape for you, too."