is emphatic as he settles back against the booth and begins swiping at the iPad again. Katniss stares at him, but he does not look up. She sighs and makes quick work of dealing with the booth adjacent to Peeta's before dropping a check to the couple now seated at Table Four. "Stop flirting with the customers and do your fucking job," Cray hisses at her as she passes the host stand. She fights back the urge to flip off the irritable older man and gives him a withering glare instead. She returns to Peeta and waits expectantly for him to glance up. His index finger moves deftly across the screen of his phone as he texts furiously. He appears agitated. She coughs softly to snare his attention. He glances up and pastes a quick smile on his face, shoving the iPhone back in the breast pocket of his shirt. "You came back." She rolls her eyes. "What, did you think I was going to leave you here sitting by yourself and ignore you for the rest of the day until you gave up and went away?" He shrugs lightly, and Katniss thinks he is going to reply, but he doesn't. "Peeta," she begins, "you don't owe me anything. Please, consider this a debt paid and we call it even." "Are you feeling lucky, Katniss?" he asks, his tone changing abruptly. It almost sound like…an invitation. She ignores the flurry of nerves swirling in her stomach and shakes her head. Married, Katniss. Married. "I'm about the least lucky person you'll meet." "Well, your luck's gotta change sometime, right?" He gestures at the lottery ticket. "I'm not usually a betting man either. My, uh…" He scratches at his temple and clears his throat quietly. "My wife makes me buy a ticket every Tuesday and Friday." Katniss wrinkles her nose, unsure of where this conversation is going. She does know she does not really want to hear about Peeta's wife, whoever she may be. She tries to recall the girls who Peeta dated in high school and figures he's probably married to some willowy blonde with huge breasts and mile-long legs. The exact opposite of a woman like her. "I've never bought a lottery ticket a day in my life," she says, glancing at the little lavender sheet of paper on the table. "Really?" He seems surprised. "Not even that scratch-off kind?" She shakes her head. She isn't about to tell him she cannot waste her hard-earned money on such a frivolous expense. It's not worth it. "Well then, here's my offer for you, Katniss. Your tip is half this ticket. Whatever it may win tonight." She can't contain the bitter laugh that erupts from her. He can't be serious. "You're kidding, right? Look, I told you that you didn't need to leave me a tip. Half of nothing is still nothing, Peeta." She finds her irritation swelling and her pulse quickens. "Are you done having fun at my expense? Because I have work to do." She turns to storm away from the booth, but Peeta lurches to his feet and grabs her elbow. "Whoa, hold on." He grips her arm tightly, and her eyes flash fire as she struggles to free herself from his grasp. "Let go of me," she orders through gritted teeth. "I'll let go when we can finish this conversation civilly without you jumping down my throat." His eyes challenge hers, and as she glares at him, she finds herself studying the exact color of his wide orbs. They are so ridiculously blue at this close distance that she can't fathom that they're not contact lenses. But having known Peeta since kindergarten, she knows they're the real deal. She wrenches her arm loose and crosses both arms defiantly across her chest. "You have thirty seconds. Talk." "Okay," he says. "See, tonight's jackpot is some insane amount. Like hundreds of millions of dollars. So the odds are certainly not in our favor. But even if three or four of the numbers match, that's a decent amount of money." "You've thought about this a little too much," she scowls, tossing her braid back over her shoulder. "If the ticket comes up completely empty, I'll come back here tomorrow morning and leave you a respectable tip on this bill. Or better yet, you can come to my restaurant one night and have dinner on me." He glances down at her and as he blinks several times, the sun catches those long, golden eyelashes. "What do you think?" "I think I don't need your charity," she retorts, lowering one hand to her hip. It's a ludicrous proposition, but Katniss is growing weary of fighting him. "It's not charity. You earned a tip." She throws her hands up in surrender. "Fine. What the hell? My luck can't possibly get any shittier. You're on." She juts her right hand forward, and a sly smile creeps onto his lips as he extends his own right hand to shake hers slowly. Again, she ignores the tingle that travels up her arm from his touch. She releases his hand quickly and purposely walks away, leaving him standing beside the now-empty booth. When she returns to clear the space a few minutes later, he is gone. But on the table is a small, rectangular card. She picks it up and examines the elegant, embossed writing: THIRTEEN-12 Peeta Mellark Co-owner and Executive Chef Underneath the restaurant's address and phone and fax numbers, there is a row of numbers in neat handwriting. The lotto numbers. Katniss sighs and tucks the business card into the pocket of her apron. She vows to leave it there. And she does. When her shift ends three hours later and she shoves her things into her backpack to head home, she pushes all thoughts of the lottery ticket from her mind. She is mildly irritated to discover she cannot so easily do the same with Peeta Mellark. Feedback is much appreciated! Thank you for reading!