"I don't think I'm allowed to drink alcohol." Alf just laughed, "I give you special permission this one time." Laurel asked for white, so Lizzy accepted white too. Alf poured out two glasses as Lizzy turned her attention back to the spread. There was so much there and she wanted to sample it all, but she did not want Alf to think she was greedy, or even worse a country bumpkin who did not know how to eat in a civilized manner. However poor her background may have been, she wanted Alf to know her parents had raised her right. She watched Laurel out of the corner of her eye and took whatever she took and in the same amount. Alf was watching her intently. "Have some seafood, Lizzy," he said, "try some prawns, I'm sure you'll like them." Lizzy knew what prawns look liked, although she could not think from where, but she had never tasted them or anything like them. She hung back. She did not know how to eat them and she did not want to make a fool of herself. "Sit down, I'll peel them for you," he said. At the last moment, Lizzy helped herself to a crusty bread roll and a huge pat of butter; for a mid-western girl scratching a diet out of the impoverished soil, dairy represented the height of aspirational eating. She sat down and joined Laurel who was already at the table, and started to eat. Immediately she was overwhelmed with the taste and smell of what was before her. Her senses were so overloaded that she felt almost as though she were in an altered state of consciousness. Alf sat down too with a plate of prawns in front of him. He started to peel them. Lizzy watched him out of the corner of her eye. He knew she was watching him, and when he had peeled the first one he held it up to her mouth; he did not hand it to her, so if she wanted to each it, she had to eat out of his hand. Lizzy had never tasted anything like it in her life. It was salty, juicy and just a little sweet. This must be the taste of sea, Lizzy thought, as she bit into it. As she raised her wine glass to her lips she wondered if she could take in any more novelty or if her palate was now numb with overload. But no, the wine was sweet and warm as it tricked down her throat, she even felt it glowing in her stomach where it came to rest. Over the next three quarters of an hour, Alf selected treats and sweetmeats and laid them before the women. Long after they were full, they continued to sample the delicacies, and to Lizzy's absolute delight, Alf brought some pineapple over for her. When he was sure they could eat no more, he stood up. "Come on," he said, "time for bed." He held the door to the room open to indicate they should follow him. Lizzy was thoroughly warm now and was not sure what she should do with the blanket. Alf saw her dilemma. "Leave it there," he said, "I'll pick them up later." They followed him out and Lizzy had only the second ride in an elevator of her life. She tried to remain cool and collected, as she waited for the odd sensation in her stomach that she remembered from her childhood as the lift started moving upwards, but it never came. The whole hotel was so opulent that Lizzy was not surprised at the long and carpeted corridor the elevator opened up into. Alf led them to their rooms. Lizzy was relieved to see that they had neighbouring rooms, although she was mystified as to why they were not sharing; maybe there was some rule that people who were not related were not allowed to share a room, she thought. Alf opened the door for her and showed her how to put the keycard in the slot to allow the lights to come on, and then he left her to show Laurel to her room. Lizzy turned to look round the interior of the room drinking it all in with her eyes, until she caught sight of something on the dressing table opposite the bed. She went to inspect it. It was a packet of cookies. Cookies of the type she had helped herself to at the border. Her cheeks burned with shame: the robots knew she had taken those biscuits in the office and had brought the rest of the pack over. Was this meant as a kindness or were they deliberating embarrassing her? She did not know. She threw the packet in the bin and as an afterthought, took the little packet of loose biscuits out of her pocket and threw them in the bin too. She went through to the bathroom. It was sumptuous, but tiredness had suddenly caught up with Lizzy, and she felt dead on her feet. She shook herself and decided whatever else she did, she was going to have a bath. It was a treasured memory from her infancy, when there was enough hot water for her mother to run a bath for Lizzy and her brother. She turned on the taps and was enchanted to see the water gush out, clean and hot. She stripped her clothes off in one quick motion and looked around for toiletries. She collected soap, shampoo and conditioner; all luxuries she could only just remember from her childhood, and sank into the warm water. The sensation of bathing was just as delightful as she remembered, the gloss only just taken off a little by Lizzy getting shampoo in her eyes. Once she had forced herself out of the warm water and towelled herself dry, she fell naked into the wonderful double bed and fell asleep instantly with all the lights in the room still on.