kisses all over his cheeks and continues to murmur, "I'm sorry" over and over. "Katniss—" "What can I do? Can I cheer you up?" She reaches for the waistband of his shorts, and he chuckles softly. "I won't say no to that, but give me a second." His mouth curves into a smile. "The Giants went with that kid they drafted out of Syracuse for the backup, so yeah, I got cut. Coach Coughlin had some really nice words for me, and he told me that I need to be in a place where I can make a difference, that I need to be playing every Sunday." "What?" she exclaims. "Peeta, that's a huge compliment." He grins. "It gets better. On my way out of the stadium today, my phone went off. Cincinnati wants me to come workout for them after the holiday weekend." "Peeta!" She scrambles into his lap and winds her arms around his neck. "Are you kidding?" "I'm cautiously optimistic." He runs his thumb along her lower lip. "The only downside would be this…us," he finishes quietly. "Oh." She falls silent as the implication hangs between them. "Oh. Because you would be there, and I would be here…" "Katniss, I'm not willing to let a little distance come between us. I hope you know that. If this thing with Cincinnati happens, we can make it work." He kisses her neck and cards his fingers through her loose waves. "There's phone sex, and Skype sex, and a bye week to look forward to…" She rocks against him, earning a moan of approval as his fingers leave her hair and wander to the buttons of her sleeveless silk blouse. "I'm in this for the long haul, Peeta. We will definitely make it work." She arches her back as he eases her shirt off her shoulders and tugs at one lace-covered nipple with his teeth. "And right now, we're going to make this"—she snakes her hand down the front of his shorts and squeezes his rock-hard cock—"work." He smirks. "I like the way you think." "Cincinnati…" she muses. "I could get used to you in stripes, I suppose." "Orange is my favorite color," he replies with a grin, rolling her over and pinning her to the couch. "Now about cheering me up…" "It looks to be a perfect October evening in East Rutherford, New Jersey. Temperature is 65 degrees with winds out of the northeast. Let's check in with Katniss Everdeen at MetLife Stadium where the Giants are preparing to face the Cincinnati Bengals in a big Monday night matchup. Katniss?" She nods at the cameraman, who signals to her that they're now live, and she smiles brightly at the lens. "Thanks, Boomer. It's definitely a beautiful night here, but things will not be pretty in the Giants locker room if Big Blue can't put together a better performance tonight than they did last week, escaping with that mediocre win over the Eagles. Still, their four and two record has them atop the NFC East." She continues her monologue, recapping the week's practices, going over the injuries and the changes to their starting offense, and she hears the crackle in her earpiece that alerts her that the guys back in the studio intend to speak with her. "Katniss, I'm the only one taking the G-Men in today's matchup," Jon Gruden interjects. "Tell me why these clowns all seem so confident in the Bengals chances this evening. The grin that dominates her face this time is automatic. "That confidence, Jon, is no doubt because of Peeta Mellark, the Bengals starting quarterback, who has reenergized a team that one year ago, looked lost when Andy Dalton went down. Mellark has led the Bengals to the top of the AFC North, and they remain among the unbeaten teams in the league as we head into Week 7." "And we're going to be unbeaten after tonight too." She whirls about, Peeta grinning at her, looking as hot as always in his uniform. "Peeta, what are you doing over here?" She lowers her voice and hisses, "I'm live right now." "I know," he replies, gently taking her elbow to angle her to the side, and then he reaches for her hand that does not hold her microphone. "What are you doing?" she stammers as he clutches the fingertips of her left hand. He leans forward slightly, his voice barely a whisper. "There's about a thousand things that I want to say to you right now, but I'll save them for later when you're in my arms, and we're alone in your bed. But there's one thing that I need to ask you." Her heart is a sledgehammer in her rib cage when he slowly lowers himself to one knee. "Peeta, you are not doing this!" "Katniss Everdeen, will you marry me?" She shakes her head in disbelief, and then immediately realizes to anyone who is watching that she's saying no. "Yes," she gasps quickly. "Yes, yes, yes!" Her hand trembles so violently that Peeta struggles to slide the stunning diamond solitaire on her fourth finger. She's vaguely aware of a voice in her ear telling her 'congratulations' and they'll 'check in with her at halftime,' and then one of the sound guys takes her microphone from her so she can properly embrace Peeta. He frames her jaw with his strong hands and claims her lips soundly. "I figure you had relented on the dating an athlete thing, so I took a chance that you'd be willing to marry one." She laughs and nods, still too stunned and elated to form words. "I love you," he murmurs, touching his forehead to hers. "I'll see you after the game, and we'll celebrate this properly, okay?" "I love you, too." She finally finds her voice, and she pulls him down to plant one last lingering kiss on his lips. "Now go kick some Giant ass." Fremus...Happy Birthday, my dear friend. And to everyone else, thank you for reading!