in the diner car ready to eat. Finnick was already at the table along with Philiet. I walked over and sat at Rykers side and began to eat the delicious food on my plate. After eating, me and Ryker went back into the lounge car, we sat on the couch we were previously on. "What's your weapon specialty?" Ryker lays down on the couch and sets his legs on my lap. I stare at his pant covered legs in confusion for a bit and look up. "Well Finnick trained me and I really don't have a specialty, I'm good with a lot of weapons But I have favorites." He gave me an odd look. "Well, what are they?" He raised an eyebrow. "Throwing knives and bow and arrow, I like long distance attacks." "I prefer up-close and personal." We heard a male voice and I think I know who it is... The boy to which the voice belonged to sat across form Ryker and I. "Gives me an advantage because of my strength." Cato is smirking now. Does he ever NOT have a smirk on his face? It's sexy though... BUT NOT THE POINT! I shake my head. Cato eyes wonder to Rykers legs on my lap. "You guys together or what?" The smirk whipped off his face, but if I'm right it will come back soon. Ryker laughs a little. "No, just felt like stretching my legs. And besides she's not my type." He puts his arms behind his head. What does he mean not his type? "Then what is your type?" I cross my arms. I'm more offended then I should be. I shouldn't be offended at all! "I don't know." He shrugs. Was he being serious?! I don't like him but still! Am I not likable? "Mad? Do you like him or something?" Cato's voice was heard again. "NO! Of course not! He's 'not my type'" I try and mock Rykers voice but miserably failing. Cato lets out a laugh. "Alright then. What's your specialty weapon?" He looks over at Ryker. "You'll just have to wait and see!" Ryker gets up and heads towards the door. "Well, I'm going to take a nap, farewell!" He exits the train car and leaves me with mr. Smirky pants. He just leans back on the chair he's in and looks at me. "Have a staring problem?" I raise my eyebrow. "Only if I like what I see." He grins. Well this got weird very fast! How am I suppose to respond to that?! Does he like me or does he just think I'm pretty? Does it matter? "Thank you?" Confusion clear in my voice. "That a question?" No just confused about your signals. "Well was it a compliment?" He nods and continues to grin. "Well thank you." I say again slightly less confused. "Can I ask you something?" He gets up and sits next to me. "Yeah, but I won't guaranty ill answer." "What's up with your eyes? They are sliver." Silver... He didn't say ugly gray... I smile at the words he chose. "My mothers eyes are- were sliver. She had a birth defect and it was passed to me... People, they make fun of me and insult me because they say my eyes are strange and ugly. They say they are an ugly gray color." I look down at my lap. "Your eyes are like nothing I've ever seen. Beautiful." I look up. " you think so?" He just nods, and I smile. "Thank you. I have to ask you something too." "What?" He asks with curious icy blue eyes. The ones from my dream... Nightmare. I shake it off and continue with my question. "Why are you being so nice to me?" The expression on his face softens a bit. "Well... You intrigue me, when you volunteered for the games, I saw determination in your silvery eyes. I saw that you were confident to win. If you didn't show all that, I wouldn't even bother talking to you." Well isn't that comforting? He gets up "I'll se you around." He stuffs his hands into his pockets and leaves. What does he mean? If I were to show anything else besides the will to win he wouldn't talk to me? He confuses me every day. I stare out the window until I hear someone else come in. "Oh I'm sorry, I didn't realize some one was in here." It was a soft male voice. I look up and see a boy with blonde hair, but darker than Cato's, he was standing at the door. I recognize him, but from where? "Don't worry about it, you can join me if you'd like?" He closes the door and comes to sit across from me. " I'm Peeta Mellark." OH! He's the district 12 tribute. He puts his hand out for me to shake. I gladly take it. "I'm Leona Soulheart." " yeah, I saw the reapings." He pulled back his arm. "I did too, that girl, katniss is it?, well she's really brave to Volenteer for her sister." I can see his face slightly flush. "Yeah, she's great, why did you Volunteer?" He looked like he wanted to change the subject. "I don't really know you, so I don't feel comfortable telling you that, plus we will most likely be at each others throats at one point and I can't show my weaknesses." I looks out the train window. I didn't want to share something that could be used against me in anyway during the games. "Well, that's fine. If you don't want to you don't have to." I didn't looks at him, just kept staring out the window. Wait! If he's from district 12 then we should already be on our way to the Capitol! I just realized that. ~face-palm~ wow, I feel really stupid. "Sorry, but I have to go." I get up and exit the lounge car and head for my room. Some sleeping is in order.