to his anger. Sometimes when she gets like this he wonders if she can even feel angry, or anything besides this constant elation. The weeks pass and her elation fades, until she's like when they first met, sarcastic and a little too cold for anyone besides him. Each time he lets himself believe it'll stay like this, and each time he knows he'll be proven wrong. He learned long ago that after the elation, after the brief period of normalcy, comes the worst part, when her energy drains and her mood darkens and he worries for her more than usually. He often wonders why no one else worries for her. Why she doesn't go to the hospital, because surely this isn't normal. She insists that it is, that she'll be fine, that this is just who she is, and quarrelling with her is pointless because she always wins, so he agrees to drop it until he begins to worry again, and she talks about death as if it's the next adventure that she can't wait to begin. And then she runs off. Comes back, with a tattoo or piercing. Laughs like they used to when they first met. Becomes tired, and sad, and bitter. Repeat. Until one day she doesn't turn up at his house, doesn't meet him at the coffee shop, and he walks over to hers, because this happens sometimes when she gets sad. She gets sad and wants to sit at home alone. Gets lonely and sits at home wishing for someone to be with her. Gets sad because nobody is around to be with her. It takes a moment for him to process the sight that greets him, and many more before he can drag himself off the ground, quieten his sobs, and reach for his phone, hands trembling as he calls the number. The doctor tells him she was bipolar, that they could have saved her if they'd known, and he hates himself because he knew, he knew and he could have said something. They don't show her at the funeral, wanting everyone to remember her as the person they knew, not the shell of a person lying in the casket with wrists slashed to ribbons. In another situation, he might have found it funny, because in all honesty, she was a broken shell of who she could be. It was just that nobody looked hard enough to notice. 'cause most of us are bitter over someone hunger games They've developed this act where they smile and laugh and pretend that they feel nothing as the murder the other tributes, watching as one by one they fall. She laughs loudly, her high pitch giving her away to him. He snarls, the words just distant enough that she knows he's still there beneath them. They have to stay in their right minds, she tells him. Can't let the game creep into their minds and turn them into unfeeling killing machines. He nods and they keep moving, both ignoring the fact that they may have to kill each other, that it may be the two of them left standing at the end, forced to kill each other. They both know they would kill the other, if they had to, if it meant they got to go home and never return here. He thinks that's what scares them the most, knowing that they'd do it, if it came down to it. And then the announcement comes on overhead, that both tributes from a district could go home together if they were the last two standing. She turns to him and rolls her eyes and snarls "The things they do for those two lovebirds." He nods in agreement and replies "I suppose we'll have to finish them, then." They smile and laugh, knowing that the audience will take it as the laugh of people who enjoy the hunt. He wonders what they'd think if they knew it was the laugh of people who now knew they could have a future together. Really, he should have known that life wouldn't give him that happiness, but still, watching the district eleven boy bring the rock down on Clove's head, he wanted to scream and cry and kill him for what he'd done. Even more so he wanted to kill himself for letting this happen. But she would hate him even more for giving up, so he runs to her side, dropping to his knees beside her, his arms pulling her to him. In the distance, he hears someone screaming, an agonized screech. For a second he can feel her heart beating faintly, and he tightens his grip on her. If she can just pull through, keep breathing, they can still make it through this. He feels her heart stop and it's like losing her all over again. He's not sure whether he kneels beside her for a minute of five or ten, but eventually the pain fades to a numb determination to win this, for her, and he becomes aware that the screaming he heard before was coming from him. His parents had always felt that he'd never quite met their expectations, and falling from the cornucopia, towards the muttations, knowing one of them looked like her, had her eyes, it occurs to him that he hasn't met hers either. As the mutts start to sink their teeth into him, he wonders if she hates him for not winning for her. As they begin to tear at him, right before he becomes lost in the pain and the sounds of his screams and the distinct sound of ripping flesh, he thinks he would hate him, if he were her. And he hopes that wherever she is, she forgives him. AN: Okay, sorry, I don't really know what this is and it's kindof morbid with Clove dying so many times, but I hope this war alright, I've never tried writing this pair au before c: Also, lyrics are from Youth by Daughter.