inclination was to presume Mason and Mellark dead. And certainly to inform the Capitol to weaken their grip on the prisoners, just enough for us to carry out the raid, required a spy. Guesswork would not have gotten the job done. If the Capitol did all that, we have no idea what this enemy might do. Until Snow is put to death, any mutt outbreak, like today's, could be cover for an attempt to break Snow out of prison. Or to replace Snow with someone worse, who is yet hidden in the shadows. This latter case is our biggest worry. A hidden enemy who expected the revolution. Who planned to use our revolution to create just enough disruption so that they could seize power. An enemy worse than Snow would be quite fearsome, indeed. Capitol citizens seemed silly and harmless, yet somehow they managed to rule us for seventy-five years. It is hard to imagine that they all are as harmless as they look. Some, undoubtedly, have ambitions to rule as Snow had, and his coming trial and execution are their chance of a lifetime, to seize power. Stupid opportunists will emerge spontaneously and we'll deal with them as they emerge. Really clever opportunists have been planning to take over Snow's regime, since Snow first began to stink of blood and roses. Some might be unhappy with our vision of a federation of the Districts, with an elected government. Jackson interrupted my worrying. "Thank you, sir. We're the Buffalo Soldiers. We keep moving on." Well, Ms. Jackson certainly has a grasp of morale-building phrases. When uncomfortable silence is felt, she fills it with a confidence-building statement. I guess "Buffalo Soldiers" refers to her vehicles. May as well find out. "I assume that 'Buffalo Soldiers' refers to your vehicles?" I ask. She straightens, if that's possible. "No, sir," she says quietly. "It refers to something I learned about military history from my instructor…about the all-black regiments on the Old West. The Native Americans they fought called them 'Buffalo Soldiers.' So I adopted that for my particular unit. It works." I'm not sure what the terms "Old West" and "Native Americans" mean, so I think I'll shut up right here. Clearly Ms. Jackson is some kind of bookworm-turned-warrior. Woolsey and Mason finished cleaning the crap and lizard blood off the windscreen and turret, doused their rags with fuel and lit them afire. The mutt crap didn't look like crap, but it certainly stunk like crap. Just then Jackson spotted a squad of soldiers walking down the alleyway toward us. Not walking. Marching. They were in double file, weapons shouldered, as if this was a parade. And they were singing one of those awful parade-ground songs from Thirteen, that Commander Talbot favored. "Canned milk is the best of all No tits to pull nor hay to haul! No shit to shovel nor straw to pitch. Just punch a hole in the sonuvabitch!" "Sound off!" "One, two!" "Sound off!" "Three, Four!" "One, Two, Three, Four!" "Squad halt!" That clear voice was familiar. I'd heard it on every visit to Col Boggs' quarters, since the days when we we were freshly-commissioned Lieutenants in District Thirteen. I had heard that voice grow, from a child's playfulness, to a young soldier's determination, to a grown woman's seriousness. And it now had the slight tremor of a daughter in mourning. Sergeant Laecania Boggs, six days after losing her father to a booby trap, had found my lost squad, safe and sound. Woolsey saw the squad approaching and waved a greeting, then walked out to meet them. She and Laecania shook hands in greeting, gesturing at the carcasses. Mason unsheathed her axe and removed the ears from the mutt that struck our windscreen, and presented them to Laecania Boggs. They assisted her in wrapping the rest of the bloody mess in waterproof bags, and brought them aboard for the genomic study we were running in Thirteen. We'd had a shortage of mutt organs to dissect and study, and thanks to Woolsey, we knew why. The damned lizard mutts that ate Finnick, destroyed their dead, purposely. It was programmed into their DNA somehow. Which explained why we recovered no remains, from the tunnel where Finnick had died in a rear-guard action. The mutts ate the corpses. They ate their own dead and wounded. And then they wandered off in search of other targets. That was quite a feat of eating, even by prewar Capitol standards. "Lieutenant, would you kindly give these soldiers a ride back to base?" "Certainly, sir," she said, still quiet. Distant and reserved, I thought. Almost dispassionate. She had golden brown skin, straight hair, and her uniform concealed what seemed to be an attractively formed, if somewhat muscular body. What they sometimes called a "jock-ette." Maybe a runner, I thought. What appeared to be headphones for a music chip and player was jammed in her front pocket. Probably company for her when she hit the running trail. I tried to open her up a little. "Anything special on that chip, lieutenant?" I asked. She patted the chip. "A couple of songs by Bruce Springsteen head the list, sir." Him I'm vaguely aware of. His music is popular with some of the grunts. He's hundreds of years gone, but his working-class tone speaks for them. "Which ones?" "'Rocky Ground' and 'If I Should Fall Behind,' sir." The former I know. I've heard it sung by grunts in the evenings. Very appropriate to this war. The latter, I don't know. "What's that about?" I ask. "It's…it's the song my boyfriend and I sing, sir. It's our song." She smiles slightly. "It's a promise we made to each other. If I should fall behind, wait for me. We promise to meet up after the war." "I'm sure you will," I say, trying to sound sincere. But I'm not doing that good a job. How the hell can I promise that to anybody? Forget it. Drive on. "Let's saddle up, lieutenant."