world, after all she's here, isn't she? She doesn't exactly react well to compliments and I really don't want her scowling right now. So I agree and ask if she's ready to move yet. She replies with a movement of her hips. The first few thrusts are clumsy and uncoordinated, but we soon get into a rhythm that works for both of us. She meets each of my thrusts with her own, panting and squirming. To me she couldn't look more stunning. Unexpectedly, she kisses me slowly, but with more passion than newly-wed lovers. I respond with just as much passion, pouring my heart out into this heated embrace. Saying the words I can't say out loud for fear that she would yet again push me away. The saltiness from our tears stain the kiss and behind the passion, there was an distinct sadness that comes only from pain. We've experienced plenty in our short sixteen years of life. She breaks away moaning my name, I'm close and so is she. My hand -seemingly with a mind of its own- reaches between where we are joined and circles her erect clit. "Peeta! Oh God, so close! Peeta!" Our movements are quick and jerky, "Let it go, let it all go." I whisper into the heated embrace. With those words she reaches her climax the same time as me. Limbs are tangled, grips tighten, two bodies unite as one. I can't tell whose screaming or if I am even coherent enough to form her name. "Open your eyes!" I manage to tell her in the heat if it all. Her eyes are a mixture of lust, pleasure and wonder, for a moment we are truly together as lovers, sparks fly. Then it's over. I almost collapse on Katniss, but quickly roll over, to avoid squishing her. A million questions run through my mind, what now? Will she push me away? Or will we be closer? Did this mean anything to her? Of course it does, my mind chastises me. Of course I know Katniss wouldn't do something without meaning it, but still I feel so worried. I turn to her and my worries dissolve instantly as she gives such a genuinely heart warming smile that can't be faked. In fact she looks like she were the innocent five year old from so long ago, that knew nothing of pain. For once she looks free. I pull the blanket over us creating a tent, when something dawns on me. "We didn't use protection!" Then she does something so out of place in this moment, I'm scared for her mental well being, she laughs. After she's finished laughing she says what obviously made her laugh so much, "My prep team gave me a short for birth control or something because and I quote, 'It would be far to scandalous for something like that to happen to such young people'" "So you're telling me that it's okay for twelve to eighteen year olds to be sent into a death match, but a couple of sixteen year olds having a bit of fun in the bedroom is forbidden?" By now we're both shaking with laughter, the irony of the situation not going unnoticed. After our brief laughing fit, I pull her close. "We should get some sleep don't want to gave bags under our eyes do we? Imagine the horror!" I mock our prep teams eliciting a rare giggle out of her. She snuggles up to me resting her head on my chest seemingly ready for sleep. For a while I bask in my joy and when I'm sure she's asleep I whisper into the darkness, "I love you more than words can portray." I swear I hear a mumble, but no more of it as I slip into a long awaited slumber. I awake to look down at Katniss, clutching me tight as though she would lose me. I mentally scoff at the thought, there was no way I was going anywhere now. "Katniss, wake up," She grumbles and snuggle closer, unconsciously scowling. A chuckle runs through me and I hope she won't kill me for what I am about to do. I carefully retract myself from her hold watching her pout and before she wakes up, I tickle along her ribcage. She jumps up gasping and soon is laughing as tears stream down her face. "Peeta! S-stop!" I decide to take mercy on her and lay down next to her, only now realising how uncomfortable my fake leg was. Katniss frowns, noticing my change in mood and looks down to my leg. It's weird how she almost always knows about my source of discomfort. Without a word she moves down the bed (still naked) and goes to unfasten the clasp. Quickly, I stop her, "Please Peeta, I don't like it when you're in pain, it's my fault it's like this anyway." I shake my head at her, "Katniss, you saved my life, it was either dying or losing a leg. Don't blame yourself I'm fine." She looks unconvinced. "Humour me, let me help." I sigh knowing she won't back down. I look away ashamed, while she unclasps my fake leg. Though I soon turn back as I feel her massage the stump. A sigh of relief falls through my lips. When she finishes she places a small kiss on it, then places the leg back and clasps it again. After getting dressed we head to breakfast, holding hands. I couldn't be happier than I am right now. This time when we get food she places a healthy amount on her plate and sends me a secretive grin. She may not love me now, but I wasn't going to give up now. I would do whatever it takes to make her mine. Besides we had the rest of our lives -however long that may be- to figure this out, that should be enough time for anyone. Little did I know how wrong I was.