presses a kiss to her lips and dashes back inside to retrieve the condom from his wallet. When he gets back outside, the hot tub is bubbling invitingly, and a thin veil of steam rises into the night air. Katniss sits at the edge, her legs dangling into the water, her panties now gone. She sees him approaching, and she crooks a finger at him, slipping down to get settled on the bench, her naked body disappearing beneath the eddying water. He sets the condom down within reach and hisses when his toe touches the surface of the water. She laughs softly as he eases in and then stifles a squeal when he hauls her onto his lap. "Mmm, you're so hard," she whispers, rocking along his erection. "And you're fucking gorgeous," he replies, levering her body up to bring her breasts to his waiting mouth. He flicks his tongue out, teasing her nipples while she moans and continues swiveling her hips. "Peeta, I… ooh!" She bites her lip and her eyes slip closed as his teeth graze one puckered bud and he uses his tongue again to soothe it. He threads a hand through her loose hair, which is starting to get damp from the humidity. "Katniss, open your eyes and look at me," he commands softly. She complies and gazes directly at him, her grey irises a smoldering charcoal hue. "You're so sexy. You want me to fuck you right now, right here. Real or not real?" "Real," she says, whimpering when he squeezes her tits together and nuzzles them with his nose and mouth. "God, I need you inside me. Please…please…I don't want to wait any longer for you." Their mouths connect as his hand gropes for the condom, struggling to tear it open with his wet hands. He finally frees it from the foil packet and Katniss eases off him, splashing lightly as she drifts to the far side of the hot tub. It's not an easy task to roll the condom down his rock-hard shaft, given how slippery it is. He's not even sure it's a good idea to use it in the hot water, but he knows Katniss is on the Pill, and they should be covered either way. Katniss watches him, licking her lips, eyes riveted to his groin. "You ready?" he asks, luring her back to where he perches on the edge of the bench. She nods and wraps her arms around his neck, as he grips her hips with one hand and guides himself to her entrance with the other. Katniss hisses and buries her face in his shoulder, muffling her cries as he thrusts into her. She's so fucking tight, and between the feel of being inside her and the sultry warmth enveloping them, a brief dizzying sensation makes him a little light-headed. "Peeta, go ahead. Move. It's okay." She bears down on him and rolls her hips, coaxing him to set a rhythm. "You feel fucking perfect." She unwinds her arms from his neck and braces them against the tile on either side of his waist. Her moans intersperse with soft splashes and the hum of the jets as she rides him. The water actually aids his stamina, and once he feels the first signs of his imminent climax, he grunts and reaches down to rub her clit. "I'm close," he pants, his finger drawing frenzied circles over the nub. "Oh…god…Peeta, I'm gonna…" Her walls flutter and clench around his cock, and he shuts his eyes as the waves of pleasure inundate him. He comes with a grunt and she nuzzles his neck and drags her nails along his shoulders and down his back as he rides out his orgasm. He brushes her damp hair out of her face and she melts against him, laying her head on his shoulder while they both recover their breath and the aftershocks ebb away. "I'm just going to go to sleep right here," she mumbles, her index finger drawing hearts over his breastbone. He laughs and presses a kiss to her temple. "Wouldn't you rather sleep in your own bed tonight?" "This morning," she corrects, "and yes, sleep sounds good. Sleeping wrapped in your arms." She sits up and pushes his wet hair back. "I think that you've inspired me again, Mr. Mellark." "Is this going to be a regular occurrence, you writing songs about me?" "Maaaaybe," she teases. "At this rate, I might have to call my next album, "All About Peeta." "Sounds awful," he jokes. "No one would buy it." "Well, it's music to my ears." He shifts her around so she's spooned against his back, kneading her shoulders, and he kisses up and down the nape of her neck. He can feel her relaxing under his touch, and after some time her head starts to loll. "Katniss?" "Mmm," she replies groggily. "Come on, let's go get some sleep. You're exhausted." She stands up, her naked body dripping wet, and he watches a rivulet meander down her collarbone and drip off the tip of her peaked nipple. He rises and climbs out of the hot tub, helping her over the ledge. He removes the condom and ties it off, then grabs a towel from the chaise lounge and wraps it around her torso, then secures one around his waist. He looks down at her, and she blinks when a drop of water from his hair lands on her right eye. "You're beautiful," he whispers, cupping her cheek and tilting her lips to meet his in a gentle kiss. They only manage to dry off before Katniss leads him to her bedroom and they slip between the cool sheets, still naked. She nestles against him, tucking her head under his chin, her hand warm on his bare chest. "You love me. Real or Not Real?" he asks quietly, feeling the tendrils of sleep beginning to tug at him. "Real," she murmurs. "And there will definitely be many songs written about it."