dreaded words fall of his lips. "Lamarque is dead." Haymitch Abernathy quickly makes his way to the offices, quick to avoid one person in particular. Inspector Snow. The man's only goal is to find Henry Jon Abraham. Who is regrettably him. Burying the past can be strenuous when someone is searching so hard to punish you of crimes long ago committed He's doing this for Katniss though, his crimes will not tarnish her and the life she will one day have. Oh, how he worries for the day he will have to let her go. Perhaps that was why he worried so when he saw her talking to that boy, who was handsome and clearly infatuated with her. If the look she got her eyes told him the correct story he assumed she felt the same. Now that worried him. Katniss needed to stay safe, that could not be accomplished by letting her run off with some boy. Love, she was much too young for love. Yet again, was he keeping her captive? She was eighteen, almost nineteen, years old, a number many would considerable a good age to marry. He'd raised her for a decade, had the fortune of having her in his life for a decade. With her temper and attitude that had clearly been an influence from him, and her ideas that made his heart swell with pride. Katniss was the reason he lived, the light of his life, in every way she was his daughter. From the time when he'd first taken her under his wing and held her as the nightmares kept her captive in the night, to when he'd first read to her at night and tucked her in bed, to when she proudly introduced him as her father. Now she was a young women, intelligent, kind even if somewhat blunt at times, and beautiful inside and out. When he'd first taught her how to shoot a bow she'd picked up on the skill right away, at only the young age of twelve. His pride and joy, that's what she was. The father he had learned to be inside him, that's what give him such trouble in letting her go. "Haymitch Abernathy. What are you doing out so late in the evening?" The cold and calculating voice of Inspector Snow said as he came to view in front of him. Haymitch narrowed his eyes at the words "Business. Although I don't make my appearance much, I do still run the company. I prefer to do my work when no one's around, now if you excuse me." he grunted gruffly. His eyes becoming slits as Snow held out an arm to stop him. "Really? And why is this?" he asks, his voice dangerously quiet. "I don't really need to have my motives questioned. I'm a free man and I'll do as I please." Snow raised an eyebrow at Haymitch's response, although he said nothing. Haymitch continued to walk the familiar path to the office as Snow removed his arm. Although he did not need to look back to know Inspector Snow's eyes were on his retreating figure. He had to now be more careful than ever. Johanna cracked her knuckles anxiously as she stood at the bottom of the stairs. To her disappointment she had found where Katniss lived. A crippling jealousy had came over her at this, the once bony girl was now living in luxury. It was by complete chance Johanna came across her, she had been strolling the streets in the more secluded part of town and seen Katniss, singing softly in the garden, her voice as beautiful as it was when she was younger. She had in her hands a beautiful bow, carved of fine wood, and when she pulled back the string the arrow hit the target perfectly. Without meaning to be she looked like some goddess, her beauty even more evident than it had been when Johanna saw her earlier that morning. So now here she was, debating whether or not to tell Peeta. If she didn't maybe she'd have a chance with him, but he'd be heartbroken. If she did tell him he would never see her as more than a friend, and run of into the sunset with Katniss. If he found out he didn't tell her she wouldn't have him as a friend or lover. With a deep breath she knew what she had to do. No matter how conflicted she was she had to help Peeta. It was time for Johanna to let him go, no matter how much it hurt. Someday she'd be happy with some other man. Right? Of course. She began to rush up the rickety stairs to tell Peeta while she still had the nerve, of course she didn't need nerve, she was Johanna Mason and she didn't need some boy. Right? Of course. Peeta's eyes lighted up at the sight of her, and she tried to push back the pain her heart felt that his eyes didn't light up because of her, only the news she was bringing. "Johanna, did you find her?" he whispered anxiously as he quickly walked over to her. Johanna nodded numbly, as Peeta smiled delightedly as he said his thanks and eagerly took her hand and led her down the stairs telling her to tell him everything . Without thought her lips began to move retelling the tale, it was an out of body experience. But she was making Peeta happy, and he'd be delighted when he was finally reunited with Katniss. This was for the best. Right? Of course. a/n: So, this is a little bit of an odd place to end this, I know, but this sets the stage for a lot of the story. Don't worry though, Johanna's not gonna be a lovestruck fool, she's still badass. Next chapter we'll see more Peeta/Katniss interaction. Please review it really is an awesome motivator! You can just leave a smiley face, I don't care!