there and asked him for the gorgeous dark-haired woman down the hall to finally notice me. I guess Christmas came early for me." "Stop it," she says, flushing from his words. He turns her around so she faces him, his erection now trapped between their lower halves, and he tips her chin up. "I'm serious, Katniss. You're all I wanted for Christmas." "Well, you've got me," she murmurs, raking her fingers through his short, blond waves as he begins kissing her neck. "So now what are you going to do with me?" "Hmm…I'm gonna keep you right here, all to myself, until I have to leave for the hospital this afternoon." She smiles coyly. "I'm completely okay with that agenda, Dr. Mellark." Two Christmases later… The first thing Katniss smells when she opens their apartment door is cinnamon, and then the notes of the Nutcracker Suite reach her ears, and she can hear him moving about in the kitchen. She grins and shrugs off her coat, unwinds her scarf and sets down her shopping bags on the couch, then tiptoes in to loiter behind him, waiting for him to sense her presence. She watches him measure out flour, sugar and baking soda before he reaches above his head and removes the vanilla and almond extracts from the cabinet where he stores his spices and things. She cocks her head and lets her eyes wander to his ass, snug in his favorite jeans, and she clears her throat quietly. Peeta turns around, his blue eyes rounding then crinkling into a smile as he closes the cabinet and draws her to him for a kiss 'hello.' "Did you make progress with your shopping?" he asks She nods. "Just one or two things left to buy for a certain, handsome blond doctor." His hands skate down her sides to settle on her hips, and as he begins to nuzzle her neck, she cranes it to the side, peering around him to scan the contents on the counter. "Mmm, what are you sending me with this year?" He laughs against her skin. "They're called Mockingjays. Oatmeal and cinnamon and pecans with some dried pineapple." "They sound delicious. And so not something I could make alone." "Katniss," he chuckles again, "you're not fooling anyone at that cookie swap. But like my mother, your friends don't care because they love my cookies. But I'll give you this, at least you always help me." He brushes his lips over hers, giving her a few quick pecks before he steps back and turns his attention back to his baking. "Oh, I need six eggs. Grab them from the fridge for me?" When she lifts the carton of eggs from the shelf, she frowns and tests its weight in her hand. It doesn't feel half full. She sets them down on the counter next to the mixing bowl, and she becomes vaguely aware of the fact that Peeta, though diligently creaming the butter, vanilla, and brown sugar together, keeps darting his eyes toward her. "I'm ready for the eggs," he says, and she swears his voice wobbles just slightly. She arches an eyebrow at him, but opens the lid. It takes a moment for her to comprehend what she's seeing, but the longer she stares, her pulse quickens, and she blinks rapidly, her fingers shaking. "Peeta, what…?" He turns off the mixer and glances down at the carton, and the smile that lights his face leaves little debate as to his intentions. "Look at that," he muses softly, lifting the ring from the Styrofoam niche. "P-Peeta," she stammers again, "what's going on?" He gently takes her left hand in his, and when his eyes lock on hers and he uses one finger to hold her chin in place, he says, "I'm asking you to marry me, that's what's going on." Her heart rate gallops as he continues, "I had this big long speech prepared, but I'm going to be honest, Katniss, the second I saw you standing behind me, I forgot everything I was going to say. You still see what an effect you have on me, even after two years together?" "You're doing fine so far," she whispers, squeezing his hand. He smiles, and she thinks that maybe his hand might be quaking a little, too, when he moves to slide the sparkling diamond solitaire onto her ring finger. He adjusts it and holds her hand from underneath so she can gawk at the ring resting there, looking like it's always belonged. "Katniss Everdeen, will you do me the honor of letting me help you cheat at cookie swaps for the rest of our lives? Will you marry me?" Just before the first hot tears prick at the corner of her eyes, she laughs giddily and manages to nod yes, a current of elation and shock surging in her. "Yes. Yes!" she exclaims when she finds her voice. His face breaks into the broadest grin she can ever recall seeing, and he frames her cheeks with his hands and captures her lips sweetly. "I love you," he rasps when their mouths eventually separate. "I love you," she echoes, eyes flitting back down to the stunning ring. He motions to the counter. "So about your cookies?" She shakes her head deliberately and places her hands on his hips, tugging him towards her. "The damn cookies can wait." Many thanks to Jessa (misshoneywell) for organizing and moderating Prompts in Panem. So many wonderful stories come out of these challenges, and it's her baby, so she deserves all the credit in the world. Please be sure to check out the PiP tumblr or read and review the authors when they post here. Thanks to iLoVeRynMar, streetlightlove, and HGRomance for reading and suggesting and generally being amazing friends. ILY gals more than you know! And thank you to the incomparable Ro Nordmann for her gorgeous banner, given the lame summary I gave her. She's a genius. Thanks for reading! Happy Holidays! ~Court