if girls tried to alter their answers to match his wishes." Caesar and Prince Peeta continue their banter for a few minutes. The host tries to goad the prince into revealing the tiniest of personal details, but beyond knowing what he had for dinner, Prince Peeta is a closed book. And yet he manages to be charming and charismatic, and I can just imagine girls all over Panem gazing at their television sets with glazed eyes, slack jaws, and wildly beating hearts—much the way Prim looks at the moment, actually. I find it a total waste of an hour. Most of the remaining program focuses on the king and queen and their own Reaping 25 years ago. The final ten minutes is a pre-taped segment, with Caesar talking to Claudius Templesmith, the pre-eminent royal adviser, and they speculate on some of the girls who might be chosen by the king or queen. I yawn. It's no mystery that among their twelve selections will be girls with influential parents and ties to foreign nations. I'd wager anything that 12's is Madge Undersee, the mayor's daughter. She's blonde, pretty, and quiet—the perfect trophy wife. I'm relieved when Caesar gushes his farewells, and promises to see us all in two weeks' time—the night the Reaped will be revealed to the kingdom. The last notes of the anthem play and the screen fades to black. I can tell my mother wants to discuss the program, but my father suggests we all turn in early tonight. Prim protests, but Dad holds firm. My father locks the front door, and we all trudge upstairs. After I wash my face and scrub my teeth clean, I retreat to our room and close the door. Prim has already changed into her nightgown and sits on my bed with her hairbrush in her lap. Since she was a toddler brushing her hair for her has been part of our nightly ritual. "How come you're not more excited about the Reaping?" she asks. I sigh and pull the brush through her long blonde hair with careful strokes. "I don't know, Prim." "But Prince Peeta…he's so handsome. And he seems so nice!" "He does seem nice, yes," I concur. I can't deny that the prince was very pleasant in his interview. She whips around, nearly taking the brush and a chunk of her hair with it. "You don't think he's handsome?" She looks incredulous, practically aghast. I close my eyes and conjure up the image of Prince Peeta's very handsome face. A little ripple wends through my belly before I quickly open my eyes and fight the heat rising up my neck. "I didn't say he wasn't handsome," I say carefully. "But that's part of my problem with the Reaping, Prim. The entire thing begins with girls being judged solely on their looks." Prim counters, "That's why they have the applications!" She argues how the girls' answers to those questions reveal things like beliefs and interests—things that would prove compatibility with the prince. I toss out my theory that no one is entirely honest on those questionnaires, but I keep my other thought—the one that ultimately the winner of the Reaping will be a girl who has no real opinions and can just smile and look pretty on Prince Peeta's arm—to myself. Prim shrugs dismissively and snatches the brush from my hand. "Then that's the point of you all living in the palace and Prince Peeta courting you and why there are such strict rules for how he eliminates girls and how long the competition lasts. He has to get to know the real person behind the fancy portrait and puffed-up answers." I scoff and climb off Prim's bed and start for my own bed. Turning down my comforter I say, "You say "you" like it's some kind of given that I'm going to be reaped, Prim." Prim hops down and comes to stand beside me, placing her arm on my shoulder. I straighten and face her. Her blue eyes shine and she fixes me with a look of pure determination. "You would be an amazing princess, Katniss. You do so much for Mom and Dad, and me, and you're selfless, and you're loyal, and—" "And I'm very happy here in 12. This is my home, Prim. With you, and Mom and Dad." Prim shakes her head. "You're sixteen. This isn't going to be your home forever. Once the names are reaped, the girls who aren't selected are free to be courted. There are boys all over Panem waiting for the chance to finally get to start their lives. You're crazy if you think you'll never have to marry and start a family." I press my lips together and give my sister a faint smile. "Let's go to sleep," I suggest, sweeping her words away as if they were a clump of dust bunnies. She's giving me far too much to consider right before bed. As I slide beneath my sheets, I hear Prim rustling to get comfortable in her bed. Soon a steady mingling of her breathing and faint snores come from her corner of the room. But I lie awake staring at the ceiling, Prim's words resurfacing like bad reflux. Perhaps it's not only the Reaping I'm disgusted with. Prim is right. Well, she's not right in her misguided confidence that I will be headed to Panem Palace to vie for Prince Peeta's hand in marriage. She's right that when I'm not chosen to be one of the reaped the other boys here in 12 will be allowed to visit my parents and ask for the right to date me. No matter what happens in the next week, reaped or not, I have very little say in my own future. I drift off to sleep, a sour taste in my mouth, as I try not to think about the fact that my life is about to radically change—and not in a way I want or am fully prepared for.