longer eyelashes on a man. "Thank you," I stammer. "Tea would be lovely." When neither of us moves, I raise my eyebrows expectantly at the black man. He shuffles, almost apologetically. "If Miss Everdeen wishes to have tea, it cannot be here in her cabin. Captain Snow insists all tea be served in the galley." A puzzled look crosses my face. "The kitchen, miss." "If it must be so. Lead the way, Mr…" "Cinna," he answers smoothly. "Cook and surgeon and preacher for the Mockingjay , at your service, Miss Everdeen. " "Cinna," I repeat, the name rolling off my tongue. He smiles and shields the candle in such a way to allow me to pass through the narrow doorframe. I follow him through the steerage to the stairs from which I descended with Mr. Thread what seems like hours ago. But instead of continuing up onto the deck of the ship, we cross a short threshold and down another narrow flight of stairs. We emerge into a large open area piled high with extra rigging and heaps of canvas that are no doubt spare sails. There are coils of ropes and buckets of tar. A few closed chests pique my curiosity, but Cinna pauses in front of a small door so I stop beside him. "If the need arises, miss, the he-…" He catches himself. "The privy." I nod in gratitude. I had not yet considered the embarrassment of having to relieve myself and not knowing where to go. I should think I would rather have soiled myself or died of discomfort rather than ask one of the sailors. Cinna continues several paces ahead and gestures proudly to a small room to his left, holding the candle aloft to light the space. A face looms in the shadowy glow. I gasp. "I'm sorry, miss!" As a figure emerges into the galley's doorway, I am met by the bluest eyes I have ever seen. Even in the candlelight they are pools of cerulean, bright and clear. "I'm sorry, Cinna." The man is young, much younger than any of the other sailors I have encountered so far, I think, though he is taller than both Cinna and myself and much broader as well. I realize that I was wrong earlier: this man has the longest eyelashes I have ever seen. "That's quite alright, Mellark," Cinna's gentle voice replies. "My galley is your galley. And 'tis our secret." The young man flashes Cinna a brilliant smile, and I can see two rows of perfectly straight, gleaming white teeth. He is hardly what I picture a rough, seafaring man to be, and I scold myself for wishing the light was better. Before I can study him further, he brushes past Cinna, careful not to touch me in the process, and he retreats into the dimness beyond the galley entrance. "Now, how does Miss Everdeen take her tea?" He sets the candle down on a small wooden table at the center of the galley. I glance around at the space, noticing the neatness of the room and the order with which the cups, saucers and plates are stacked into open cabinets. There is a wooden stove in the far right corner, and a tea kettle whistles softly, a ribbon of steam winding from the spout. An aroma of raspberry and mint wafts past my nose. It is heavenly. Cinna smiles. "It seems young Mr. Mellark has already prepared the kettle. I hope you like it." He pulls a cup from a nook above the stove and pours the tea into it, offering it to me carefully. I accept the cup, but shake my head when Cinna indicates the stools set on either side of the table. I cannot begrudge his kindness, but I am acutely aware it would be wrong to sit beside this man and have tea like acquaintances. The tea is delicious. It soothes my throat, which I hadn't even realized was raw from crying. It warms my bones and makes me yearn for home. "Miss Everdeen, if I may have a word?" I glance up from my tea, the warmth immediately chased and replaced with another wave of uneasiness. "I do not think…" I begin. "Please. Miss Everdeen, I know that Haymitch-" "Mr. Abernathy?" I interject. "Aye, Mr. Abernathy," he repeats, "I know that he spoke to you on behalf of the crew." "It was not his place to speak to me in such a manner," I assert, irritation rising again at the slovenly sailor's declaration. "Be that as it may, Miss Everdeen. But it needed to be spoken. And I would like to further extend to you my friendship should you find yourself-' I interrupt him again. "I think I have had enough tea, Mr. Cinna," I say coldly, setting the cup down on the table with a clink. "And I do not think that I shall need a friend on this ship." However kind this man has been to me, I cannot forget that he is a lowly sailor, and black man furthermore in spite of whatever beauty I first saw in him. In his ignorance, he has committed a serious breach of etiquette by suggesting he and I become friends. "One always needs friends, Miss Everdeen," he murmurs, taking my tea cup to the small sink to the left of the stove. "And you and I, miss, have far more in common than you should think at first glance." I look away, uncomfortable at his persistence. "Having something in common is a good start to a friendship." "I should be getting back to my cabin." "Very well. But Miss Everdeen, you were warned by more than one person about your presence on this ship. And since you have not heeded these warnings, I must offer you one final caution." He extracts something from a drawer and extends his arm in my direction. I bite back a scream at what rests in his outstretched palm. It is a dagger.