feeling her silver gaze watch him go. ::: He wasn't sure what it was that made him go back to thinking about her. He was unsettled because she was a Career, one that didn't seem threatened by him. The others didn't exactly, either. But they were certainly more noticeably furious at how he'd upstaged them. There was danger in her stance, a sharp lethality in her presence. He wondered how he would kill her, when it came down it. If he would slice her with his sword, snap her neck with his bare hands, shoot an arrow through her heart, or if she'd be the one to kill him, which admittedly, was more likely. He thought about the rest of the tributes. He remembered the sneering fury of the District 1 boy. The haughty smiles of his counterpart, the way her eyes settled on Maya like a predator its prey. He could almost feel the cold rage from the boy from two. The sly-looking girl from Five. And the pair from Eleven, the hulking mass of the boy and the contrasting tiny frame of the girl, the small, bird-like girl who reminded him too much of a young blonde back home. He is startled by a rapping on the door "Cato, up, up, up, it's time for the replay of the Opening Ceremony." He slowly sat up on his bed and slid off. With a last glance at the display on his window, the one showing his forest back home, he opened the door and strode past Effie and into the sitting room. Haymitch, Maya, the two stylists and their prep teams were already seated around a large, flat screen TV. Caesar Flickerman was sat at a desk, with the back drop of the Capitol streets behind him, buoyantly teasing and cracking a few jokes about the Games and this year's tributes. The show carried on to play footage of the ceremony and of the carriages rolling out. Cato watched as the different tributes rode out, outfitted in the various costumes representing their District. District 1 wore sparkling silver and gold colours, dripping with jewels and embellishments, provoking oohs and ahhs . Even their razor-sharp teeth glittered like a new set of knives. District 2 wore their solid golden armour, winning the hearts and fear of the Capitolites with their charming smiles and formidable appearance. Cato knew they would be trouble- normally District 2 reeked of brutality, but this pair hid their bloodlust beneath a perfectly composed veneer of charm and allure. District 3 brought skinny tributes outfitted in costumes wrapped with wire and dotted with flashbulbs- Cato couldn't help but think how pathetic they looked compared to the first two pairs of tributes and to what had surely been his own stellar appearance. The next eight districts wore scales and glitter and lather and animal hide and a whole lot of other things. (Cato ignored how the girl from 11 looked so breakable standing next to her towering partner) Finally he saw his own appearance -and Maya's- and smirked. The room erupted in gasps, despite already having seen this whole thing live. Cato could hear the screaming of many women on the screen and couldn't help the swell of pride he felt. He looked outstandingly handsome lit by firelight, and the population knew it. There was no way the women were able to resist him. "That'll bring some sponsors," Haymitch mumbled, pleased. "Don't get too cocky though, Pretty Boy, this is just the start. I'm sure you'll find some way to screw it up. Cato scowled. Though inwardly, he thought about what this all meant. He was surely winning over some sponsors with his fiery debut. Now he would just have to keep hem hooked. He could feel the hope blossoming in his chest as his chances of getting home were improving. AUTHOR'S NOTE: Okay, so the reason I decided to write one-shots instead a full blown story is because I terrible at writing quickly and I would probably get bored writing some parts, so this way, I don't really have a time constraint and I get to write all the fun parts! My sister lost our copy to the first book so this was all pulled out of my head, and of course, the parts that are similar to Canon are what I remember from it, so there will be some details that may be wrong (sorry!) and some that I don't own. I have worked really hard on this one and I love the idea of Katniss being a Career. I'm going to give her a whole back story, and considering this is an AU, their personalities are going to be different. So Cato is going to be all scowly and not psychotic like he was in the books (is it just me or does the part in the first book where Katniss blew up the supplies and Cato beat his fists on the ground remind you of Donkey Kong, that was literally all I was thinking of in that scene). I hope you like his character so far, I made him a little arrogant and a bit of an asshole (okay, a lot), but ah well, I was trying to make this more original! By the way, this story is not going to be in chronological order, so yeah. I know what I want to write about in the next chapter (enter Clove and Gale!) and their will be a lot more Katniss, but still no interaction between them. This is going to be a pre-Games scene. So you can look forward to that... when I actually get around to writing it. As I've mentioned, I suck at deadlines, and I'll probably write a one-shot for some other Fandom. Anyway, considering this is my first published FanFiction, I would appreciate it if you could leave a comment to tell me how I did, and how I could improve. I hope you liked it! :D x cookiejunkie