time they met. It was a hot, humid, summer-afternoon. Summer has mastered her cake decorating, with the help of Peeta of course, and she wiped some sweat excreting from her forehead due to the heat. The bakery was even hotter now that it's summer and the oven was radiating a lot of energy. "Hey, guys, can you come in the kitchen for a second?" Peeta's mother asked. Peeta and Summer headed for the kitchen to see what's up. That's when Peeta's nose cringed at the smell of this new 'cake' they had to decorate. "What is that smell?" Peeta asked repulsed by the scent. The cake was flat with what looks like crumbs around the edges. The top was semi glossy, but the heat and moisture allowed the cake to emit a disgusting scent. "This is cheesecake," his mother replied. "I just want you guys to take it to the front and maybe add dollops of whipped-cream around the perimeter of it." "Alrighty," Summer responded, grabbed the cheesecake, and delivered it to the front counter without a problem. Peeta followed her and picked up a wooden spoon and whipped-cream. He scooped up a good dollop, like his mother said, and applied it on the cheesecake's circumference. "This smells more like cheese than cake," Summer commented. The young blonde was gagging throughout the process of it all, and Summer could tell he was displeased with the cake he was working with. "You okay there?" Summer asked wondering about his status. Without responding, he shook his head. Very soon, young Peeta could no longer tolerate the scent of the cheesecake attacking his nostrils. His face turned a very bright red, and Summer knew it wasn't because of the heat. Before long, Peeta bent over to the very right of the counter, and vomited all over the bakery's floor. Luckily, the bakery was empty, and that nobody can see his embarrassing predicament. Before long, there was a pile of light, yellowish-brown liquid all over the floor with the consistency of oatmeal. Young Peeta wiped his lips to get rid of the leftover saliva. Summer, being the best friend that she is, pointed at Peeta's puke, and began laughing hysterically. "Whoa! Looks like someone had oatmeal for breakfast!" It's funny how oatmeal looks the same way going in as it does going out. "Gee," the young blonde started. "you're such a great friend." He said sarcastically putting his palms on his knees while still bent over. When Summer finished her friendly, comical tirade, she put a hand on Peeta's right shoulder. "You okay there?" she asked still smiling. "What does it look like?" he responded still bent over. "I'll go get your mommy for you," she reassured. "I'll be right back." x x "I still remember your mom rushing to see if you were okay." she said laughing while finally finishing her unnecessarily long story. "Wow, so that's why my mother never made cheesecake anymore… or oatmeal." the teenaged boy replied. There was a laughing outburst of " Ahahahhas!" from Peeta and " Hhrruk!" snorts from Summer. When the laughs and snorts were over, the two friends became silent. Fireflies were beginning to light as the sun started to set over the horizon. Peeta pointed towards the giant, orange ball of gas sitting atop the mountain range. "That's always been my favorite color," he says in calm voice. "Hey, speaking of your mom, how is she?" she wondered. "You never really talked about her." "That's cause I really don't want to," he replied pouting again. The mood became serious regardless of Summer's hyperactive personality. "Oh c'mon. I remember her being really nice!" she said. "Well, that sorta changed." "When?" "When she found out she was just a second choice." "Wait, I don't get it." "Long story short, my dad was in love with Katniss' mom. But her mom fell for a miner, and my dad tried to get over Katniss' mom by going for my mother. When I turned twelve, my mother found out that she's only second rate, and jealousy took over her. That's when she began to change and started hitting me." the baker's son explained looking down at his double knotted shoes. Even Summer calmed down from her hyperactivity. "So that explains that red mark on your cheek." He sighed. "Kinda. Well, she kinda just hits me whenever she gets mad now. That's when she sorta yelled at me to apply for tesserae." Summer repeated her previous procedure by locking her arms with his and resting her head on his left shoulder. "I'm sorry." "It's not your fault. The worst part is that my dad still defends her, ya know? Like just before I left the house, he was trying to justify this red mark on my face." His best friend remained silent. "He always blamed his sickness for everything, and it's saddening actually." "That's really horrible." Summer responded. "It just annoys me. He knows the reason why my mother hits me, but he always denies it. As if he's living this lie…" "Well, no offence, Peeta, but you shouldn't be a hypocrite. Aren't you living a lie as well? Being all closeted and all?" "Ooh. I walked right into that one, huh? I hate it when you're right," he said as they neared the entrance to the train station. "Wait here, okay? I'll be right back." Summer nodded as she hugged him. Peeta hugged her back but then broke their embrace. He motioned Summer to stay and wait for him as he walked towards the train station entrance. Ready to seal his fate. Ready for five more slips of paper… with his name on them . Author's Notes: Thank you for reading! I hope you liked it! I'm new to fanficiton and I would love it if you guys would review and give me feed back on what I can improve on. Thanks! I don't really have an exact plot in mind, so suggestions would also be much appreciated. :)