and his advice is always good, so she follows instructions, and eventually learns how to stand up.) Then she discovers a nice way to pin up her hair. She tries to cook (it goes all wrong, but she eventually gains some skills). She reads, teaches and actually likes being with her students. Some of them like her, too, and it are such a nice feeling, being liked. All those little steps help her to hold tighter the rope which ties her with life. That rope isn't very strong—at one point it looked more like a string, really—but at least now Effie wants to hold it. After three full years she thinks maybe she is able to go back. Effie does not bother with her age when she steps out of the train in District Twelve. The sun is setting down and everything looks so peaceful, so... alive. It's almost shocking, considering how this district looked a few years back. Now everything is green and gold and the sky is in the most beautiful shade of blue. Effie admires it for the moment; in Five the sky is always grey because of smoke from the power plants. She slowly takes her suitcase and starts walking to the village. No one would recognize her, because she's not wearing any make up or wig and she looks so terribly plain in her jeans and blue shirt (with long sleeves, as always. Scars are too frightening to show them). She told Peeta she would be in Twelve in the evening, but the train was a bit faster, which happens so rarely that no one could have foreseen it, so nobody is awaiting her. Well, she still remembers the way and the path that leads through the meadows, which once must have been forests. Half an hour later she approaches Katniss and Peeta's house, but they seem to have gone out. Effie shrugs, leaves her suitcase in the garden and looks around. They really do have a nice house, though the surroundings still look frightening and she understands what Peeta meant by "living on the rubble". And there's that voice. Effie follows it and suddenly finds herself at Haymitch's backyard, sitting on a piece of wood, looking at the poor man attempting to chase down one of the geese he keeps. "You bloody... come here and I'll make sure you're a pie tomorrow..." She admires the view for a moment, trying hard not to laugh, when Haymitch fails again at chasing the goose and almost collapses on the ground. "You know, it might be easier if you stopped shouting at them," she says conversationally. He turns around and apparently doesn't recognize her at all. "Yeah, well, thanks for the advice, whoever the hell you are..." Then he stops for a moment and examines her face. "Wait... Don't tell me you're Effie Trinket." "Unfortunately, I am." And I have finally admitted it. He doesn't move. "You're back." "It seems so, yes." "After four years." "Apparently." He comes closer to her and she is surprised when the smell of alcohol doesn't follow him. "You look good." She smiles, but it's only a half-smile, and, truthfully, rather a miserable one. "You too." "Liar." They stay silent for a couple of minutes. "What, I'm not going to hear a lecture about my manners? I'm shocked." "Well, I've decided your manners won't improve anyway, so there's no point in trying." He finally grimaces and it might be a smile, but it doesn't have to. "Pray tell, who are you and what have you done with Effie Trinket?" She shrugs and twists her hands together, obviously avoiding an answer. When the silence extends and becomes too heavy, she sighs and looks him in the eye. "I'm not going to give you a lecture, but honestly, you could ask a lady if she fancies a cup of tea." Haymitch looks at her suspiciously, but eventually invites her inside. It turns out Peeta was right, in the end. They can help each other, even if Haymitch says bickering gets them nowhere (but he lies and she knows it). She doesn't move to Twelve straight away. For a couple of years she tries to part her time reasonably between Five and Twelve, between life she's built and life she is trying to build. She has always been fond of creation, though. Effie's nightmares and fears don't go away, not completely. They change, become rarer, come back when she's scared and stressed, but slowly, with the help of others, she can fight them. Everyone carries their scars, after all. Her scars are visible and can be scary, but she learns to tolerate them. Not accept, not quite. Acceptation would mean resignation and forgiveness and Effie cannot bring herself to forgive. There is an unspoken agreement between Katniss, Peeta, Haymitch and her. They do not talk about the Games. Ever. (Not when there is four of them in the same room, at least.) Time will come to face it, when the children of Katniss and Peeta become older and start to ask questions. Maybe it will hurt, but there is still plenty of years in between. (Haymitch sometimes wonders if they will be seen as heroes. Effie hopes, for his sake, that they would, but she knows her place is in the other, shameful category. No one would ever call her a hero.) Days pass, then months, then years. Effie expects to be frightened, just like her mother, of getting old. But she isn't. There are so many other things to be scared of that aging doesn't seem to be so bad anymore. So, finally, when another summer comes and stays and tempts her with its glorious sun, she sighs heavily, but then feels that something in her has broken a long, long time ago, leaving only a warm feeling of peace and comfort inside. She doesn't remember feeling that way, ever. Maybe it is a new beginning. She steps into the sun. And she smiles.