into the crowd of hungry mutts. "Peeta! Peeta!" fire girl screams over and over again as she watches him getting eaten. Once the agonising screams fade away I walk over to fire girl who is sobbing. I guess she really did love him after all. "I am really sorry K-Katniss." I say, struggling to say her actual name instead of fire girl, "I know that you love him but at least he can't be treated badly anymore. He is in a place with no more Capitol, no more Hunger games and no more death. I am really sorry K-Katniss but P-Peeta is in a better place, just like Clove." And he is, same with Clove. Unlike fire girl and I who are still alive and feeling. "I-I know. Thank you Cato." She manages to get out before bursting into tears again. How am I going to kill her now? She is defenceless and weak. She has just lost someone important to her, just like me. I know how it feels, I know how she feels. I can't kill her. She deserves to live. Unlike me. I have helped the Capitol all my life. I have trained to be part of these games; I have been trained to kill. What sort of person trains to kill innocent children just for fun. I wanted to be in these games, she didn't. Fire girl has family waiting for her at home. A sister who will be destroyed if fire girl dies. I don't have anyone anymore, not now Clove has died. And because of that fire girl must win. "Katniss, please kill me." I beg her again, "Please." I pick up her bow and throw it over to her, "Please." She gives me a sad confused look before she picks up her bow and loads it with her last arrow. Slowly she aims it at me and pulls back the string. I close my eyes and wait for the end. Wait to hear the arrow being released, but it doesn't come. I open my eyes and see fire girl empty handed. I search around for her bow and find it on the ground in the middle of the mutts. "I don't want to kill you. I don't want to have to kill you. It's not fair to kill you and let the Capitol have me for a victor. They don't deserve to have a victor." She stands and walks over to me. As she is walking something falls out of her pocket. Berries? Black berries? No I have seen them before in training, they are night lock. Night lock! "Then why should they," I pick up the poisonous berries, "Here take some. If they want a dramatic ending then let's give them one." I put some in her hand and stare into her eyes silently asking if she wants to do this. She gives small nod of her head before saying, "On three." "One," "Two," "Three" we say together. I throw the berries into my mouth. Then suddenly a trumpet goes off, "Ladies and Gentlemen I am pleased to announce the victors of the 74th Hunger games: Cato Jones and Katniss Everdeen." What! I quickly spit the berries out of my mouth and wipe my tongue to get any juice off. I turn to see fire girl doing the same thing. A hover craft appears above us and I just stare at it. We both won? But how? We are from different Districts. This has never happened before so why now? "We won! I can go home1 I can see Prim and mother and Gale again!" Fire girl screams from next to me. "Cato, we won!" but I don't join in her celebrations. There is something wrong here. Why didn't they let us die. Anyone else would have been left to eat the berries so why not us? "Good afternoon Mr President. What can I do for you?" I say as politely as I can. "Well Mr Jones, the show you and Miss Everdeen put on at the end of the Hunger games was very…interesting. Many people love how you were going to sacrifice yourself so she could win." Sacrifice? "They also loved the berries. Now all of Panem is talking about yours and Katniss'…relationship. However your little stunt with the berries has caused a riot in a few of the Districts, and we can't have that can we?" I shake my head, "Good. So what I would like you to do is have a relationship with Katniss to keep the Districts calm." "What if i say no?" I ask. "Well I cannot force you into anything. But I do have ways to persuade you. Can you think of any?" Yes, yes I can. I can think of many, and most of them somehow end up with someone I care about or someone that is connected to me dying in a tragic accident. "So what do you say Cato, will you help me keep the Districts calm?" I slowly nod my head. "Yes sir. I just have one question, how will a relationship with fire girl help keep the Districts in order." "Well Mr Jones, that is a very good question, but one I don't think necessary to answer yet. But don't worry, you will find out in due time. Now, I need to get on so if you would excuse me." He says gesturing to the door. "OK. Good bye Mr President." I walk out the door and close it behind me. When I get outside the conversation starts to properly register. If Clove was here she would be furious. She would kill Snow right here and right now. She would hate this situation. Because now I have to date fire girl! Thank you for reading this chapter i hope you enjoyed it, if you did then please leave a review. If anyone has any suggestions for this story then please review or PM me. Thank you and please R&R! Cookiecrazy224 xx