drawing in his sketchbook. He never let anyone look at his drawings, so I tried to sneak a glance. Peeta glared at me and shut the book. I made a face at him and scanned the section of the bus I was sitting in. Johanna and Annie sat next to each other in the seat ahead of me. Clove and Thom sat in adjacent seats, each by themselves, behind me. The bus started to move and I saw Delly and Madge sprinting to get to the bus. "Stop! There's two girls that go on this bus right there!" I shouted. The bus driver grumbled and stopped. The two girls ran up the steps and sat down next to Peeta and I. They let out a sigh of relief and tried to muffle their deep breathing to no avail. "Sorry we almost missed the bus. I had an good story for the school newspaper and I got distracted and Madge found me in the library and she screamed at me that I would miss the bus and then we got distracted when Glimmer was talking to her friends and we wanted to listen in for more gossip and-" Delly said in one breath, and her face turned red. "Calm down Delly!" Thom laughed. Clove tried to hide a smile. "It's fine Delly. What matters is that you guys are paying for our food since you're the last two." Madge looked like she was about to slap her. "What wonderful friends." I smirked. "Thanks." "Oh shut up, Finnick." Madge rolled her eyes and crossed her arms over her chest. "I hate you guys." "Love you too!" Johanna sang from her seat. We all sat a large table in the back and we talked and gossiped about nonsense while we waited for a waiter to get our orders. A look of dread came over Peeta's face as he remembered something. "Peeta?" Madge interrupted Delly's story of how she met Thom four years ago at a baseball game. It was pretty funny. Peeta avoided our gazes as everyone looked at him. "I'm fine." "There's so much B.S. in that statement that all I see is Pinocchio." Annie said. I chuckled at her cheesy joke. "But seriously, what's wrong?" I asked. Peeta looked at Johanna, who was surprisingly quiet. She nodded and Peeta opened his mouth as if to say something, then closed it. "Marvel told me and Jo that he would tell everyone about Katniss' crush if we don't do what he says." Delly's usual bright and friendly face turned to a twisted, angry frown. "What a bitch!" Everyone looked at her, shocked that she had cursed. "What? I can't say bitch?" I shook my head. "What did Marvel want?" I twiddle my thumbs nervously under the table and a bead of sweat rolled down my face. I hope no one noticed. "He said we had to bully Everdeen." "Glimmer told me that they were getting back at you, Clove, for protecting Katniss by threatening us." I blurted out. "What?" Annie's panini plopped on her plate. " Glimmer? " Clove asked. I nodded. "She's actually pretty nice." Thom leaned back into his seat. "This is so stupid. It's like a soap opera." Madge nodded. "This drama is totally going to stress me out." She fanned her face. "So what do we do?" Johanna sipped her soda. "Hey, is that Gale?" Delly exclaimed, bringing all of our attention to the table she was pointing at. It was. He was sitting with a girl with a long braid and olive skin. That was Katniss! "I haven't seen him in forever!" Madge said. "Ever since he left our group, he's been avoiding me." "What's Katniss doing here?" Peeta asked. Thom shrugged. "I guess she went on a date with Gale." "Date?!" Clove shrieked. "She went on a date and she can't handle sitting with me? I can't believe that girl!" I laughed. "Let's watch them. Delly and Madge could get some juicy gossip." Their faces brighten. They give each other a high five and squeal in unison. Johanna stared at them oddly and put her attention back to Gale and Katniss. Katniss took out a piece of paper that I assumed was her homework out and started to work on it. Gale watched her and followed suit. They looked up occasionally to ask each other a question. Gale told her something and Katniss laughed. Woah. She can be happy? I watched for a bit more before redirecting my attention back to my friends. "I think they just come here to do homework and stuff." Peeta remarked. "Why are they friends? Gale is pretty popular." Annie wondered. She looked back at them and her eyes bugged. Everyone turned to Gale and Katniss again. Gale had leaned in and kissed her. Katniss looked surprised, judging from her wide open eyes and stiff posture. She broke away and stood up suddenly and left. Gale slumped into his seat and let his face rest on the table. "Poor guy." Delly commented. She had tear running down her cheek. "Thom was so right. It's like a soap." Peeta had his fist clenched around his pen that he was using to draw. His knuckles were white and his hand was shaking. I tapped his shoulder and he looked at me questionably. His grip on the pen slackened. I raised a brow. He averted his gaze. "Well, I've got to run." Johanna says as she checks her phone. "Bye guys!" The rest of us leave and I follow out of the door. "Hey, Annie?" She turns to me and waits for me to speak. "I was wondering if you would like, go out with me?" I rushed my sentence and was afraid of having to repeat myself. Annie hugged me. "Yes!" She released me and kissed my cheek. "See you tomorrow, you sly dog." She giggled and skipped home with Johanna. Notes: Peeta/Katniss is the final pairing. There might possibly be Thom/Katniss and Gale/Katniss.