Experimentally, I lift myself up and Haymitch's face almost falls. But immediately, I inch back down. The pain starts up again, but by the way his face twists into bliss, it's so worth it. I can tell he's restraining, by the way his hands grip my waist like a vice. I know that he wants to make good on his promise and fuck me, and it's almost a torture to forbid him from doing so. And unlike him, I don't particularly like torture. Locking my legs around his lower back, I pull until he's on top of me. Haymitch looks at me in surprise, before a questioning expression replaces it. I give a small incline of my head and he goes absolutely feral. Pulling all the way out, he slams back into me again before repeating the motion. At first the pain comes at intervals, returning every time he buries himself back into me, but eventually it evaporates completely, leaving me in nothing but mindless bliss. "Hay- fuck... shit... I... god damnit." My ability to form words quickly turns into a string of curses, and above me Haymitch grunts like he's going through some form of physical exertion. He lifts my leg onto his shoulder for an easier entrance, and slows down, if only for a moment, before picking back up again. It feel as if my senses are put into overdrive, everything is enhanced by ten thousand times, it seems. If anything, I'm more than glad I saved my first for him. Haymitch's hand clasps around my still untouched member and begins to yank, hard enough to get me off but not so hard as to hurt. If I though my speech was impaired before, this puts me down to nothing but slurred attempts at words and moans of ecstasy. As the intensity builds, so does my impending orgasm. I can feel myself on the edge, my muscles tightening with anticipation. "Haymitch I'm going to-" I don't get to finish, because with a final tug, I explode all over his and my stomach. As I become unraveled, the edges of my vision become spotted and blurry, and I almost feel like I'm going to faint. Haymitch stills above me, before I feel his teeth everywhere - scraping along the sensitive skin of my neck, leaving small nips and bites in their wake. Eventually, he collapses on top of me, obviously spent and exhausted. "Peeta," he mutters, pressing another small bite on my neck. "You know what this means, right? Mine." The way he says it is childish, as if a child claiming their favorite toy, but I don't care. The words send joy rippling through me. It's the first time since I've left home for the Games that I've felt genuinely wanted by someone, and wanted them just as much as they wanted me. "Yours," I whisper back, ignoring the probable cameras that were decorated across our overzealous Capitol residency. "All yours." Moments merge into minutes, which slowly merge into hours, and we remain in the same spot in the sitting area, with Haymitch tracing the muscles on my back and me fading in and out of consciousness. As much as I'm contented to lay there with him all night, I realize after the clock hits 20:14 that I really do need to get up and dressed - Katniss will no doubt return home soon, and the last thing I need is for her to see us like this. "You have to go," I murmur, ignoring the shivers up my spine at the way he continues to trace invisible patterns on my back. Haymitch isn't easily persuaded, and he even leaves trails of wet kisses up my neck. He knows my weaknesses too well, and that's dangerous for me. "Seriously." "Tell the wifey I said hello," he drawls eventually, reaching for his pants that he'd discarded. The venom in the word 'wifey' is hard to miss, but I ignore it. His snark is the last thing that would hurt me. I roll my eyes instead, accepting the underwear he tosses at me. "Aren't you going to... clean up?" I ask, watching as he pulls his shirt over the sticky mess that I'd left on his stomach. "I should ask you the same. I don't really need to... everyone in the Capitol knows that if I'm leaving and returning to my seedy little condo, then I'm coming from an appointment." The words are said grimly, and I pity him. I'd never experience having an appointment - Haymitch had willingly shaped up and taken Katniss and I's appointments for us so that we could keep playing the 'happy couple' card every time we needed to call on a sponsor. "Oh. Well, I'll shower before Katniss gets home. Thank you, Haymitch. For coming and... well... I love you," I mutter. He shrugs, pulling me to my feet and into his arms. His arms circle my waist, despite the fact that I'm still half-dressed, and he presses a small, chaste kiss to my forehead. "Don't say that aloud. And, anytime, darlin'. But remember," he mutters, his fingers grazing the small bruise that he must have left on my neck. I touch it too, feeling the moisture his tongue had left behind. "I was, and am, the best you'll ever have. Mine." His words are low, so low that if I weren't standing right in front of him, I would have missed it. "Yours," I confirm again, my voice nothing above a whisper. He smiles proudly before buckling his belt and making his way to the front foyer to let himself out. I have to admit, I always thought the saddest thing I ever saw was the girl I had crushed on for years looking at me in disgust. But it turns out the saddest thing I've ever seen in the man of my dreams limping away from my porch and onto the abandoned sidewalks. He was, and is, the best I've ever had.