had put her name in the most. She tried to put her name in more than the required amount but when she tried to sneak her name in she got caught by Azalea and it was the first time she had ever shouted at her and told her to never do this again. She had apologised profusely for shouting at her afterwards. She understood though why it would make her sister angry at her and so didn't blame her for it. If Azalea was picked then she didn't know what would happen to her family. She was sure that Gale would help keep us alive by hunting with her but she wasn't the best hunter and he had his own family to feed. Well, if she would be picked then she couldn't then stop me from putting my name in for tesserae anymore. That made her happy laugh die away after that horrible thought. We then made our way to the square. It was a shame that the reaping was held here. The square was one of the nicer places of District twelve. Today the shops had disappeared and were instead were replaced with colourful banners and the camera crew were spotted around the rooftops. Every files and signs in. Just a prick of your finger and you're done, though I had to quickly reassure Prim that it wouldn't hurt her. She didn't like seeing blood. She wouldn't last in the games if she was picked not that I'd let that happen. If she was picked then I wouldn't hesitate to volunteer myself for the games. Saying all this was great and all if it could protect my family but it didn't mean that I actually wanted to be picked if that situation arose. District twelve has a population of about eight thousand and the reaping is also a way to check the population of each district. Prim files in at the back with other twelve year old girls, Katniss stands with the fifteen year olds and I stand with the sixteen year olds. The square is split into two sides, the girls on the left and the boys on the right. The twelve year olds are stationed at the back and the eighteen year olds at the front. Once everyone was assembled I looked up at the stage to see three seats that were occupied. One was for Mayor Undersee (Madge's father) who was a tall balding man and the other for Effie Trinket who was fresh from the Capitol. She had on a white wig with a huge red flower, pink lips and eye shadow, and was wearing an (in my opinion) ugly pink suit. The last one was for Haymitch Abernathy. Haymitch is a middle aged man and was one of the few tributes of District twelve that won the Hunger Games. Now he's just a mentor to whoever gets picked for the games. He's also a drunkard and nobody really likes him. At least he wasn't drunk now and we would thankfully not be the laughing stock of Panem. When it became two o'clock the Mayor stood up and said his usual speech. It's the same story every year. He tells us the history of Panem, the country that rose up out of the ashes that was once called North America. He lists the disasters, the draughts, the storms, the fires, the encroaching seas that swallowed up so much of the land, the brutal war for what little sustenance remained. The result was Panem, the shining Capitol surrounded by thirteen districts, which bought peace and prosperity to its people's. Then came the Dark Days, the uprising of the districts against the Capital. Twelve were defeated, the thirteenth obliterated. The Treaty of Treason gave us the new laws to guarantee peace and, as our yearly reminder that the Dark days must never be repeated, it gave us the Hunger Games. The rules of the Hunger Games are simple. In punishment for the uprising, each of the twelve districts must provide one girl and one boy, called tributes, to participate. The twenty four tributes will be imprisoned in a vast outdoor arena that could hold anything from a burning desert to a frozen wasteland. Over a period of several weeks, the competitors must fight to the death, till only one remains. This is the Capitol's way of reminding that we are totally at their mercy. How little chance we would stand surviving another rebellion. The Capitol requires us to treat the Hunger Games as a festivity. The winners also get a life of ease back home. Their district will also get showered with gifts which largely consist of food. "It is both a time of repentance and a time for thanks," intones the Mayor. He then introduces Effie Trinket. Bright and bubbly as ever, she saunters towards the microphone and gives her signature, "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favour!" I saw Gale look across at me and mouth 'lame movie'. Normally the Mayor just gives a speech but this time they bought a movie all the way from the Capitol that helped describe what the Mayor was saying as he was saying it. I smile and nod at him in agreement. He always knows how to cheer me and Katniss up in times like these. It is now time for the drawing and as always Effie says, "Ladies first." She walks over to a clear glass ball that is filled with at least one slip from all the girls that stand here today. Twenty five slips have Azalea Everdeen written in careful handwriting. I draw a deep breath, praying that it was not me. It was not me. Effie draws her hand deep into the ball and pulls out a slip of paper. She moves back over to the microphone and smoothes the slip of paper. She reads out the name in a clear voice. And it's not me. It's Primrose Everdeen.