across her cheek, rubbing gently. Her skin is as soft as I imagined it would be, since she doesn't have a blemish or flaw that I've ever been able to see. I could keep touching her like this forever, if she'd allow it. Which I know she wouldn't, so I pull my hand back quickly and turn my thumb to reveal the grease. She immediately starts rubbing her cheek furiously with her fingertips, avoiding my eyes, but she mutters a thank-you. "Do you at least have Triple-A? Because I do, and I can call them for you. As long as I'm—" "Peeta," she huffs, "I can handle myself. It did the same thing this morning. It will start. Go on, I'm sure you've got somewhere to be, or some hot date to get ready for." I'm stunned by the fact she used my actual name, but I smile as I say, "As matter of fact, there is a beautiful blonde waiting for me at home." She tries to fight it, but I see her jaw lock and her eyes widen for a split second. "Far be it from me to keep you from her then, Mellark." She spins on her heel and ducks back under the hood. I lean back and rest my ass on the hood of my Z4, watching her tinker with the battery. She can be as stubborn as she wants, but I'm not leaving until I know she's safe in her car—her working car. The Civic makes an awful sound, like some kind of animal in mortal pain, but the engine catches, and Katniss emits a squeak of triumph, nearly drilling her head as she backs away. She closes the hood and clears her throat. We stare at each other. "Have a good night," she says, her voice much softer, and she climbs into her car, adjusts the mirror, and then she's gone. Challenging is not even close to the right word to describe Katniss Everdeen. Maddening. Infuriating. Baffling. Better, but still not quite perfect. She's like one of those ancient riddles that have 300-some-odd possible solutions, but ultimately only one correct answer. She's my cold case. And God help me, it only makes me want her more. "Did you do this?" I glance up from my desk, where I'm pouring over a transcript of an interrogation Everdeen and I conducted last Friday, trying to find a new angle on this particular case. I met her steely eyes, aimed right at me like daggers. She waves a newspaper clipping in my face. "Oh you know, I was looking for that," I lie, lurching across our desks to yank the paper from her hand. "You know damn well you put this on my desk, Mellark," she snaps, eyes flashing again. "I'll have you know I don't need a fucking reminder every time you get your name in the paper because of an arrest." She places her hands on her hips and straightens her shoulders. As she glowers at me, I can't help but notice how this antagonistic stance causes her breasts to strain just so against her navy button-down shirt, and the position of her hands makes me wonder what it would be like to have my fingers gripping that tiny waist as I thrust into her. It's a good thing I'm sitting down, the way my cock reacts instantly at the mere thought of fucking her. "Language, Everdeen. There are children present." I thumb at the rookie who's training with Mags, our dispatcher, and I have to choke back a laugh when Everdeen scowls. She's so fucking hot when she's pissed. I'm not sure when I became such a glutton for punishment, but after the way she stubbornly rebuffed my help last night, I thought she could use a reminder at how well we work together. As I watch her lips twitch, I can practically see her rehearsing a witty comeback for me, but all that she manages to sputter at me is, "That was my case, you know." "I didn't realize that detective work involved us calling dibs on who solves what, like some kind of playground game…because like it or not, Everdeen, we are partners. If you keep reading, you'll see your name right there after mine. I gave you full credit for your outstanding work on our case," I say as I spin around in my chair and wheel across the floor to the snack station to grab the last plain-glazed donut from the box. Sliding back towards her, I watch her lips twitch and her eyes dart to the donut in my hand. She only eats the plain-glazed ones. I've noticed. I wonder if she has any idea just how much I know about her. "What?" I ask innocently. I look down to the donut. "Oh, did I take the last one?" She presses her lips together so tightly that they blanch white, and her shoulders square again. I push back and stand up, striding to where she stands beside her desk, and when I'm close enough to catch a whiff of her sandalwood vanilla perfume, I lean in and raise the donut to her closed mouth. "Did you want this, Everdeen? It's all yours if you'd like it." She inhales deeply and blows out a breath in an exaggerated huff. "I don't want the fucking donut," she grits through her teeth. "And stop leaving the local police reports on my desk. It's not a fucking competition." "Oh it's not? You sure act—" She cuts me off, as something wicked gleams in her eyes. "You want a competition? What the hell. Why don't we go ahead and make it one?" I look forward to hearing everyone's thoughts on this. It will not impact my other WIPs in any other way, as this is nearly done, and it's just the editing that will take me awhile between beta work and stupid online trainings for the new school year. Thank you for reading. ~C