and grunts, her walls rhythmically clenching and releasing him until he collapses against her, pinning her body to the tree while they both struggle to catch their breath. "Yep, that pretty much outdoes any fantasy I ever had," he murmurs, nipping at her earlobe and nuzzling her sweaty neck, taking a pearl between his teeth teasingly. She smiles up at him through lust-glazed eyes. "Yeah, that was…you were…I'm at a loss for words." "Katniss? You don't know how much you mean to me." She rakes her fingers through his damp curls. "Thank you for being patient with all of this. I hope I'm worth the wait." He smiles and threads their fingers together, kissing her knuckles one by one. "I'd wait forever for you." Eight months later … Peeta sighs and closes the lid of the pizza box, too tired to get up and wrap the remaining slices in foil and toss them in the fridge. He pushes the box across the end table and glances at the clock. He's never tuned in to one of those red-carpet awards shows. Overly bubbly reporters asking inane questions about who's wearing what has never even remotely interested him. But he'd do anything for her, and it's been four days since he saw her last, since he last buried himself in her and fucked her senseless, knowing it would be at least a week before they could be together again. He misses her like crazy when she's gone, even if they still can't be together as often as he'd like. Katniss has been in Los Angeles for the past few days; the People's Choice Awards are tonight. Katniss has been nominated as Favorite New Comedic TV actress, in spite of her impassioned arguments to Peeta that Rowan Hood is not really a comedy. He has to check the guide to find where the pre-show is airing, and he suffers through nearly an hour of prattling interviews and commercials before the camera pans to Katniss and Finnick holding hands, beaming for the cameras. It never gets any easier to see his girlfriend on the arm of another man, he thinks with some disdain. Peeta genuinely likes Finnick, and he trusts the charismatic actor with Katniss implicitly. But he yearns to be the one whose hand Katniss clasps as she walks the red carpet. He wants to be the one by her side, supporting her, smiling at her when her picture flashes on the screen during her category, kissing her in celebration if she does win. She looks gorgeous, as usual. Cinna has dressed her in a figure-hugging red dress that clings to her curves and accentuates her lithe body. Peeta feels his cock pulse at the sight of her and what he could have done to her in the limousine on the way to the show. Now that he's seen Katniss, he mutes the television, changing the channel to CBS, where the awards will air momentarily, and he turns his attention to his iPad, where he bides his time watching a match between Chelsea and Swansea that actually ended hours earlier. He makes sure to look up from the game every few minutes so as not to miss her category. He finally sees her category displayed on the screen behind the presenters and clicks off the iPad, pressing the television's volume button repeatedly, his stomach flipping nervously for her. After a clip of her is shown, the camera lingers on Katniss, smiling somewhat demurely, as Finnick clutches her hand and whispers something to her, grinning. And then Hugh Jackman how cool is it that Wolverine is presenting her category? calls Katniss's name, The camera catches her shocked expression, and Finnick excitedly hauls her to her feet, hugging her and kissing her and urging her to go up on the stage. She smoothes her dress over her hips and walks to the stage. Peeta thinks she looks slightly dazed. His heart pounds for her, and he couldn't be prouder. He smiles broadly as her beautiful face fills the screen, her glittery silver eyes staring in awe at the award in her hands. "Wow. I ah I so did not expect this," she starts and giggles nervously. Peeta smiles again. Katniss is not a giggler. He listens as she begins to list the people she needs to thank, rattling off names that Peeta has heard a dozen times: Seneca Crane, Effie Trinket, Cory Snow, the network, Cinna, the crew, Haymitch Abernathy, Finnick Odair. Then her expression alters slightly, and she takes a deep breath. "And to the wonderful, amazing man who has been by my side as I've been on this crazy ride, thank you. You make me a better person, and I could live a thousand lifetimes and not deserve you. And I love you." She smiles directly into the camera, which immediately bounces to a shot of a beaming Finnick. Peeta's jaw drops, and his heart hammers in his chest. Only he knows her words were not meant for Finnick. Most people won't catch that she subtly thanked Finnick with the rest of her castmates, and he is not the man to whom Katniss was speaking. He collapses back against the couch cushions, a goofy smile spreading on his face. Her profession of love may have been spoken in front of hundreds of people and millions of viewers, but it was the most intimate moment they've shared yet. She loves him. And Peeta knows, without a doubt, that whenever he finally has Katniss Everdeen all to himself, she will be worth the wait. Thank you for reading. I hope you enjoyed this...please let me know what you thought by leaving a review! And please check out the Spring Fling entries by Jeeno2 (Glitter and Dust), PeetasandHerondales (Furlough), SurviveWithoutAnyone (Wrecked, Ruined and Rattled), LibertySue (The Deepest Secret Nobody Knows), Kismet4891(Next of Kin) and streetlightloves (Sins of the Father). Brava, ladies. Finally, check out the gift written for me...To Protect and Serve by sponsormusings. It's brilliant.