them, works his underwear down his legs, and nudges it aside with his foot. He wedges one leg between hers and they stumble over to the couch. "Have I told you today how much I want you?" he asks, stretching his body out along hers. She arches up, pressing her breasts flat against his chest. "You might have," she whispers, suckling on his pulse point. "Hmm…well have I told you today how much I love you?" She freezes, her mouth still suctioned over his skin. She drops her head back down and gazes up at at him, too stunned to speak. He smiles, brushing his fingers along her forehead, smoothing her hair out of the way. "Because I do…I love you, Katniss…" She sighs, her face stretching into a giddy smile. "I love you too, Peeta. So much." He presses her down into the couch cushions, kissing her passionately. "And you're about to hear some new noises, just so you know…" ~ Epilogue~ 10 years later "You hold tight to Buttercup, and I'll hold tight to you, okay?" She nods, her blue eyes wide, and clutches her raggedy stuffed cat closer to her chest. Peeta leans down and scoops her into his arms, effortlessly. "Now you—." He turns his attention to Katniss. "You give me that bag." "Peeta, no, I can manage. Everything else is checked. I'm not carrying anything." "Bull—" He catches himself and stops, cutting his eyes apologetically to their daughter in his arms. "You're carrying the most precious cargo of all." He curves his palm over Katniss's slightly bulging belly. "Now stop arguing with me and give me that bag." She sighs and helps him hitch the carry-on bag onto his free shoulder. Then she reaches up and smoothes their daughter's dark curls back from her face. "You excited for your first plane ride? The big blue eyes, so like Peeta's, shine as she nods. Katniss laughs and follows him down the jetway, smiling as she watches her little girl and her husband. The spindly little arms wound around Peeta's neck have lost all that residual baby chubbiness, now that she's a big girl of almost five. He talks to her, his voice animated, and Katniss hears him explaining all the things that are going to happen when the plane takes off. "…And if your ears start to hurt, you just open your mouth and yawn a few times." "What if I'm not tired?" Peeta chuckles. "You don't have to be tired to yawn. I'll show you." He opens his mouth wide and a second later his eyes are squinching shut and he yawns exaggeratedly. The flight attendant standing at the door welcomes them aboard, and she makes a big fuss over Buttercup the cat. Katniss smiles as their daughter's eyes light up and she starts babbling about how this is Buttercup's first plane ride too, and how she's had Buttercup her whole life, and how it was a present from her auntie Prim, who lives in California, and that's where she's going, and she's going to see Disneyland… "Hey princess, did Daddy ever tell you that he and Mommy met on a plane?" Peeta interjects, exchanging an amused glance with Katniss. She shakes her head at him. She knows the flight attendant would have continued to humor their little girl, but her chattiness does need to have limits sometimes. "Really?" she squeals. Peeta nods. "Yep. Right over there." He uses his elbow to gesture to the seventh row of seats. "Right there?" "Well, not right there," Katniss corrects. "It was a different plane, honey." "I thought she was the most beautiful girl I had ever seen…until you were born, of course." He wiggles his eyebrows at Katniss and she rolls her eyes at him playfully. "Mommy is the prettiest," their daughter concurs, her expression serious. "Yes, she is." He cranes his neck over his shoulder and presses a kiss to Katniss's cheek. "And here we are, 12A, B, and C." He holds her in his lap as he lets her peer out the window, and he shows her how the little window shade lowers. She pouts when Peeta insists that she has to sit between him and Katniss. They both get her settled in the middle seat, fastening and adjusting the seat belt, and Katniss helps her secure the oversized headphones on her ears so that she can watch her shows on the iPad. Peeta leans over the little head, now thoroughly preoccupied, and he signals Katniss to come closer. She shifts in her seat and he kisses her, resting their foreheads against each other's. "I think this is the first flight we're taking together since that very first one where I'm not punching your mile-high membership card, my love." "Peeta!" she blushes, stealing a quick glimpse at their daughter. They both pause for a moment, and Katniss can hear the soft, melodic voice singing along to the show on the iPad. "Like mother, like daughter." Peeta smiles. He looks thoughtful for a moment. "You know it's technically his first plane ride too." Katniss rubs her belly gently. "You're so sure this one's a boy, aren't you?" She's just over three months along, and while they might be able to find out the gender at her next appointment, she and Peeta both agreed that like last time, they want to be surprised again. "That I am. And I was right last time, was I not?" He tips her chin towards him for another kiss. She strokes his cheek tenderly, gazing into his eyes. She never tires of looking at this beautiful man—her husband, the father of her children. He only gets better with age. When the flight attendant begins the safety demonstration and preparations are made for takeoff, she settles back in her seat, hands on her belly, marveling in how one chance encounter ten years ago could lead to all of this. ~Fin~ Thank you for reading. Please share your thoughts and leave a review!