on my seat, so she'll be next to Johanna. They played the videos of the interviews of late students and talked about their experience and how they met their high school sweethearts here. They were mostly about love. And not the academics. "Madge?' "Hmm?" That's response, it's like she ran out of words in her vocabulary. "Why is this all about romance?" But Madge didn't reply, Katniss did. "The school principal is a hopeless romantic bitch who is single because she's recently divorce and spends all her time meddling with other people's relationships." I chuckled. How crazy is that to have a principal who would meddle into your relationship. Katniss added with a grin. "And she's hooking up with the one of the school counsellor, Boggs Wolfe." I raised an eyebrow. "Isn't that illegal?" "Nope." She replied popping the 'P' "This is a school with no rules. As long as the authority doesn't know. It didn't happen." "No rules? How does that work?" "It has rules but they don't authorize as much as the other schools. You can just cut class but in test you have to do well or else you fail. Let's just say, you can do whatever the hell you want. As long as your popular, which you are. I'm Katniss by the way." She held out her hand and I gladly took and shook it. "Finnick." I turned the attention back to the video but this time Gale was about to knock on the door but it opened before he could even. "Gale, I'm so glad to see you!" Katniss says cheerfully. "Katniss, I don't want to scare you off by bringing up the 'L' word, so I'm just going to say that I love you, I'm in love with you, and I love loving you." The camera focuses on Katniss who looks like she's fighting a huge smile and look down the ground smiling. But then suddenly look up. "Wait, which 'L' word were you talking about?" The camera then confuses on Gale's face. "Leaving." The video stops there. How did they get this video? It wasn't like bad quality in fact in was like a film. "Hey Kat? How did they get this video?" "It's filmed. When were about to do something special or a first in our relationship. We tell the teachers and they get camera's follow us everywhere and we get exact credit." Her response. "So I have to do it?" She shook her head 'no' "Not unless you want too, for me a little exact credit can't hurt because I barely go to class. And you get to keep the videos." Another video played again and it was some girl talking about her perfect high school life was. But I didn't listen. This is only my first day but I already saw someone cry over her ex and friends argue over another friend. Honestly? I think life would never be boring here in Panem. Katniss consulting to Johanna instead of Madge means there's a problem there. I wonder what? I'm really curious to know but I'm afraid to ask. I really wanted to know and I'm about to find out. It was some girl talking and the camera quality wasn't as great as the others, it was obviously taken with an IPhone instead of a video cam. "Okay, I was told that Gale is about to meet a girl who is not his girlfriend and that girl isn't just some girl, she is Katniss very own BFF!" Katniss was heavily breathing next to me, cracking her knuckles and Madge wince. "Gale! You came!" Madge ran towards Gale throwing herself at him. "Whoa" Gale exclaimed. "What are you doing?" "What I should have done a long time ago. "Madge tippy toed to kiss him but Gale stopped him before she could. "What the hell are you doing? I'm with Katniss." "I don't know what I'm doing Gale! It was always supposed to be us. You weren't supposed to fall in love with my best friend! It was going to be you and I remember? Kat was just our best friend." Madge desperately says. "Madge." Gale began. "I love Katniss more than I ever loved you. I know it wasn't supposed to be but she and I shared something special. I did love you. But it's always going to be Katniss." Wow… I honestly thought Madge would be the nice girl… And not the one to try and get back with her ex-boyfriend, who was her best friend's boyfriend. "I knew you still felt something!" Katniss shouted, standing off her seat. And Madge did the same. "Of course I still feel something! Gale and I were together first and you stole him!" "I stole him? Gale and I got together months after your break up!" "You are not supposed to go out with your best friend's ex-boyfriend!" Madge shriek back . "You're pulling the friends card? You tried to get back with him when I was dating him!" "You stole him." Madge shot back. "Only because we felt something special!" "The only special you felt is that he was mine." Katniss frowns. "You would see it that way. Because it's always about you, isn't it? Im sorry to break it to you but Gale and I have a real connection" "Had" Madge corrected bitchily. The crowd obviously loves Katniss more than they do Madge because they started to 'boo' Madge and tell her how low she is. The teachers didn't even care. Madge ran off not wanting to give Katniss the satisfaction of her defeat and tears. "That's right you fucking mutt! Leave and you better not show your face unless you want it rearranged!" That was fun seeing those girls fight, it was like watching a movie. The only thing missing is bucket of popcorn. It will be fun here after all. A/N: Hello lovelies. This is unedit Inspired by: Tessa/Ryan suburgatory. And I will update the river in reverse real soon.