out to the front with Peeta. He's looking at her with concern and she just wants to ravish him, for some unexplainable reason. At the moment, she isn't really sure of what is going on with her body. Well, actually, on a base level, she knows precisely what is happening. "Are you alright?" He asks. "I think so. I haven't felt great today." "You should have said something. We could have walked slower or just postponed the trip." "I didn't want to. Besides, sitting at home feeling sorry for myself isn't going to make this go away." "Do you have the flu? You're obviously light headed so maybe… maybe it's a virus? I don't know, I didn't have a mum as a healer when I was growing up. But hey, if you need to know about something bread related, you know who to come to!" She laughs, "Noted. Well, I don't think I'd need a healer in the family to recognise my symptoms. I really don't know how to say this, Peeta. I'm not the most subtle person and well, I'm not really renowned for my sense of tact." "What's wrong?" He asks, his expression now laced with worry as he picks up her hand and holds it. He's so empathetic, it's a wonder that he hadn't figured out what she was stressing about already. She wants to pause the moment forever. This genuine concern and look of love that might one day fade. She isn't an optimist but she'd like to think that he'd always have a special place in his heart for her. No matter what happens. "Peeta…. I think I might be pregnant." His expression goes from concern to shock within a millisecond. "Pregnant?" He repeats, still in a state of delay from the reveal. "Yes," she says, pathetically. "I think. I haven't talked to anyone else about it but I keep on getting sick in the morning and I'm always hungry. And my belly, it's not that noticeable but it's swollen, I think." "You think?" He says meekly. "Do you mind if I maybe sit down?" Even though he is asking, he's clearly already making the motion for sitting. There's a nearby boulder that he rests on and she follows his lead. His face has turned an unsettling shade of white. "I think. I'm sorry, Peeta. I shouldn't have said anything until I was sure. I've just upset you." They sit in silence, listening to the nearby coo of a pigeon and the sound of the wind whistling through the abandoned warehouses. Inside, the sound of shifting and moving from Nazir and Elena is audible, as well as the blonde's mumbled chatter. It's peaceful, if a tad strained, and the fresh air feels cool against her wet skin and flushed face. The nausea has lifted and she is starting to feel like herself again. Without warning, Peeta takes her hand. His grip is steady as a rock and almost painfully hard. She is always amazed by how quickly he can transform from a sweet guy into a war-hardened man. "Katniss, if this is real," he says; with those blue eyes searching her face erratically, "I'll be the happiest man on this planet." And the anxiety that was pressing down her lungs, making her light headed and emotional, has lifted. She never thought that he'd abandoned her, somehow. Some deep, never looked at piece of her has always known that he'd be happy at the thought of children. Happy at the thought of being able to share his life with her in yet another way. But she doesn't tear up; she's not the kind of person who cries when convenient. Instead, she sobs. Sobs so hard that it might physically hurt her if she sobs any harder. Because this is a lifetime of worrying and stress that has just been decimated. This is the culmination of stray thoughts as she's seen orphans starving to death on the street, or girls selling themselves as prostitutes for money or volunteering as tribute because another human might die. This is decades of her stubbornly refusing to bring another human into the world all because of a fear that she can no longer justify. Her hands come to rest on her abdomen and she knows that her child will never contemplate committing suicide because the hunger is so strong. Nor will they ever risk electrocution just so their sister will live. They'll live in a home where their father will love them and when they turn twelve, they'll be no bowl of names to put their soul into. They'll just be twelve. When her sobs recede, she allows herself to just relax for a moment. They sit in silence, while the birds twitter around them and the trees sway serenely in the wind. Rocks drop somewhere in the distance and a hoof scatters a mouse, but she doesn't move or talk or do anything to disturb the peace. Her mind is already a thousand miles away, transported back to Prim's untucked shirt and that last flower she placed on Rue's still body. She's thinking of all the little things she's done and how unexpectedly strong that sense of love and devotion was. How she never thought it possible to care so deeply about someone and to expect so little in return. For the first time in her life, she feels like tomorrow might bring a better day. The thought makes her look towards Peeta, who is grinning so wide that it looks painful. He seems to glow and his eyes, always so blue and captivating, look as bright as the noonday sky. In that moment, he looks as if he's never been tortured, or hurt or seen a day of hardship. "Katniss," he says, and she smiles at him as he laces his fingers in hers, "You and I… real or not real?" She kisses him on the lips, trying not to sigh but feeling it wrap around her words, "Real."