take a little trip, just her and me, very soon. She allows Haymitch to tuck her in tonight, though she can barely keep her eyes open as she cleans up and changes into her pajamas. She pouts when the puppy will not cooperate and burrow under her covers with her, and Peeta and I hear him patiently explains to her that when Daisy is a little bigger she will probably love to cuddle at night. Haymitch actually takes Daisy home with him, reasoning that we don't need a demanding, energetic puppy interrupting us tonight, and I thank him with my eyes. He assures us that he will bring the dog back tomorrow morning before she even realizes Daisy was gone for the night. We've barely closed the door when Peeta's lips are on mine, and I am trapped against the front door by the delicious weight of his body. Impatiently, we stumble through the living room, our mouths still fused together, our tongues dueling fiercely, as we make our way to our bedroom. His hands tug at the hem of my shirt, my fingers kneading at his shoulders, and our torsos bump, the contact sparking a conflagration in my veins. He has me naked in no time, and he spends what must be an hour worshipping every inch of me with his lips and his hands, and each time that he passes near my navel I hold my breath. His mouth finds that sweet spot between my legs, and I have to bury my face in the pillow to keep from screaming his name in ecstasy. His eyes are primal when he laces our fingers together and shifts me atop him, hissing with pleasure when he eases me down on him until our pelvises are flush. Then he releases my hands and claims my waist with his fingers, guiding the sinuous revolutions of my hips as he juts up into me again and again. He keeps us teetering on the precipice by alternating the pace of our lovemaking—every time it feels as if we are going to crash over the edge he changes the rhythm of his thrusts, or slows my undulations, and so when we finally climax together, it feels as if the earth falls away beneath us. When we open our eyes to gaze at each other, he grins at me lazily, a self-satisfied smirk on his lips. "Peeta…that…I can't…I don't think we've ever…" I struggle to find both my breath and the proper words. "Well, dressing as Santa Claus inspired me," he laughs. "Let's say it's easy to be in the giving spirit when it comes to you." He presses a chaste kiss to my lips, and my heart stutters as I realize this is the perfect time for his gift. "Give me one second." I rise from the bed and cross our room, opening the bottom drawer of the bureau where a small box wrapped in simple brown paper sits. "Oh, Katniss, I don't need anything. You're my gift, Always," he whispers, clasping my hand and bringing it to his lips. I shake my head at him, thrusting the package at him. "It's just a little something I saw when I got Haymitch's liquor today." I settle back next to him on the bed, drawing the sheet up over my breasts as I prop myself up on one arm to watch him. He gives me a curious smile, studying the box in his hands carefully. When he begins to unwrap it, I hold my breath again. He lifts the simple, shimmering orange ball from the tissue paper, and his face breaks into a broad smile when he reads her name emblazoned across it in elaborate script. "It's beautiful," he says, stretching over to kiss me. "We can hang it from the tree. An ornament," I suggest coyly, and he nods. "So you really like the tree tradition, huh?" But it's then that he sees the second ball, and his brows knit as he turns it over several times. "This one's blank," he says slowly. "We will have to wait to put a name on this one until the summer," I whisper, taking his other hand and placing it directly over my abdomen. "Katniss…" My name leaves his lips in a breathless huff. He gazes at me expectantly; his face is so hopeful that a laugh bubbles up in me, and I feel the tears spring to my eyes. "Are you…are we…?" I can only nod as the first tears slide down my cheeks, and this— this —is a moment that I could freeze and live in forever when he understands that this is real, that another piece of each of us is growing inside me—the best gift we could ever hope for. He kisses me again and again, murmuring my name, and 'thank you' and 'I love you' over and over, his hand never leaving my belly. "Peeta?" I murmur, and he stills his hand on my stomach, waiting for me to continue. "What were you hiding from me in the holiday book this morning, when you closed it?" He chuckles softly and resumes moving his palm in slow circles below my navel. "She and I were starting a page for resolutions. It was another old tradition when the New Year arrived. People used to make promises and resolve to change things, like a fresh start." "And what resolution were you working on?" I ask, my fingers trailing up and down his pelvic bone. "I resolved to make us a family of four next year," he confesses. I reply, "I think you're going to have to fix that page a little." He seals his mouth over mine, mumbling, "That's why they make erasers." I smile and give in to his euphoric kisses again, excited by all that we have to look forward to in the coming months, and how many more pages wait to be filled with new Mellark family traditions. Thank you for reading. ~C~