sitting besides him. ''So, as I told you earlier Delly-'' She rolled her eyes and looked at the people sitting there. Katniss who was on the other side of the table was staring at him with sad eyes. Johanna surely hadn't seen her this torn apart before, she didn't even think Katniss loved him- however that look of heartbreak would suggest otherwise… not that she actually cared. She was probably staring way too much, so diverted her eyes at the jug of water before reaching out for it. The only problem was that so did Finnick. ''Oh, sorry. Here let me help you.'' ''It's fine, I got it.'' She grumbled back, yanking it so he knew that she was strong enough to hold a jug of water however he chose that moment of yanking to let go, which was a bad move. Her grip on it had been way too strong, and when he let go, the water splashed out of the jug and all over her thin hospital gown. She froze a look of terror on her face. There were stifled giggles all around her however; Finnick noted not the water on her gown, but the terrified look on her face. ''Johanna are you okay?'' Her heart was beating fast and her breathing uneven. She looked around, all eyes were on her, and she felt the weight of the anxiety pressing on her. She needed to escape. Now. She ran towards the door she came in by, knowing nowhere else to go. She needed to get out, still feeling attacked and afraid and unable to form coherent thought. Her body slumped against the wall in the corridor. She wanted to scream, but no sound was able to come out of her. It was like they'd slashed her vocal chords. She heard a door open nearby. She knew exactly who it was. She had no intention of talking to this person. He placed a hand on her shoulder. ''Jo. What happened?'' She cried out, slapping his hand away. ''Stop.'' She managed to say. She whimpered as she sunk to the floor, her back to the wall. "Jo, talk to me. I'm sorry. I didn't mean it… Was it the water?'' He frowned, speaking with soft concern. She bit her lip and closed her eyes, clutching her arms tight around her chest. ''I guess it was.'' He placed his hands around her wrists and pulled her up by force. ''I'll follow you back to the infirmary, you need medical attention.'' Her body weakened, she still tried to fight his grasp unsuccessfully. He brought her into his arms and walked with her to her section of the ward. He walked her over to the bed and she finally stopped fighting and lay down. ''I'm sorry I haven't been around..'' He whispered. ''You know how it is. It's complicated. It always has been..'' He cupped her face with his hands and moved towards her, planting a tender kiss on her forehead. ''Finn..'' She looked at him through sad eyes. He sat down besides her on the bed, looking at her. ''What did they do to you, Jo?'' She pulled her knees up to her chest and put her head down onto them. She was so tired, so weak. ''They- They tortured me.. Using electrocution and water.'' '' Those bastards.'' She didn't want to tell him the real truth, that they used him as a weapon against her. She looked down and saw his hands turn into fists. She took her hand and lay it upon his. ''Stop.. It's not worth it. Not anymore.'' He let out huge breath, and closed his eyes. ''I don't want to forget what we had.'' His gaze moved down to their hands. ''What we do have.'' She lifted her head in surprise, due to her pain. ''We can't.. Not now. You said so yourself.'' She had to tell him, even if it was the opposite of what she wanted. ''I know.'' He still looked down, tracing his thumb over her hand. ''I know we can't because of Annie, I have to stay with her. But I also have to stay with you. I love you both, but in very different ways.'' ''You've told me before...'' ''Everything we've been through. I thought you were dead.'' He said ignoring her comment. ''I thought Snow killed you off back there, that they wouldn't bring you back when they rescued Annie and Peeta. I was shattered. I never knew you were such an important part of my life. But when they said you might not make it out alive, something snapped inside of me. I just can't leave you. I cannot leave us.'' She moved closer to him so that their foreheads touched. ''Finnick. You'll have to. For both of us.'' She ran a hand down his cheek. ''For the rebellion.'' He moved his head, pressing his lips against hers again. She knew it was wrong, oh, so wrong. But it felt so good. ''You have to go..'' She said, parting from him as she looked into his eyes. She was getting so tired, she felt weaker and weaker. He lied her down onto the bed with the covers over her. ''I'll never forget, Jo.'' His eyes and a kiss to the forehead was the last thing she remembered before she blacked out into a deep sleep. He left the room quickly and closed the door behind him. AN: I love Finnick and Johanna as a pairing, and writing this was fun. But I also had to write the harsh truth, that they couldn't end up together, because of all the other many reasons. Annie, the Capitol etc. I posted this story a while ago, but it was more of a sad story for Johanna. I changed it so that I ended it with the feeling that they both loved each other, and did want it to work, but couldn't because of the life they lived. Tell me if you liked it!