thrust is already stimulating it perfectly. Nevertheless, when he draws fast circles over the swollen cluster of nerves, she cries his name and knows her orgasm is imminent, the familiar tightening spurring low in her abdomen. "Peeta, I'm—" Her hips falter and her climax cleaves through her, her wails mingling with his raspy groans. "Katniss," he hisses, and she feels him pulsing within her, her walls clenching him, and he pulls her down against him, their chests heaving together, and she feels his trembling abate only moments before that blissful calm floods her veins. His hand massages the back of her neck, his lips peppering her throat with chaste kisses, and while she feels him soften inside her, she's in no hurry for him to withdraw. After several quiet minutes, he slips out of her and removes the condom, settling back alongside her when he's disposed of it. "We should get dressed if you want to make that dinner reservation before the gallery opens," he whispers. She yawns and nestles against him. "We can cancel it. I'd rather just lie here with you." He chuckles softly and kisses her temple. "So far we're already oh-for-two on dinner." She arches an eyebrow at him and rests her chin on his chest. "We could go right for dessert," she purrs, her hand resting atop his cock, squeezing it lightly. "And then we can just grab something after your show." "I like the way you think," he muses, folding his arms behind his head as she licks her lips and descends on him. The last four weeks of the semester pass in a blur, and as May arrives, Katniss's excitement mounts at the prospect of spending her summer with Peeta. They'll both have to work, of course, and Peeta's still waiting on word for the internship he applied for, but he's promised her a few lazy days at the beach—and many more nights just the two of them. She adjusts the neckline of her dress, sneaking a furtive peek around the restaurant to be sure no one is watching her amp up her cleavage. Then she runs her tongue over her teeth to be sure there are no poppy seeds stuck in them from the artisan bread she already pilfered from the basket on the table. And then she feels his lips on her neck, his hand on her shoulder, and she twists in her seat and looks up to meet his smiling face. "Hey, sorry I'm late," he says, giving her a proper kiss hello, then he skirts his lips across to her ear. "You look so sexy. How am I supposed to sit across from you for a meal and behave myself?" "Who said you had to behave yourself?" she smirks, taking a sip of her water, as he takes the chair beside her. "Besides I might not be able to help myself with you in that suit." "Oh, the lady approves of this?" he teases, running a finger along the lapel of his jacket. Then his hand slips inside the breast pocket and produces a thin slip of paper. She can see that he's trying not to grin as he slides it over to her. She gives him a quizzical look, and his grin breaks through as he reaches for a piece of bread. Katniss knits her brows and scans the sheet he handed her. "You got an A on your Raven project!" she says excitedly. "Read the comment below it," he mumbles after swallowing the mouthful of bread. Her eyes flit back to the paper. "'See me, Mr. Mellark'?" His eyes sparkle. "That's why I was late and why I asked you to meet me here—to celebrate. I went and saw Portia. She said she loved my vision, and that I'm 'exceptionally talented' and she wants me to apply for the Guggenheim Fellowship. She said she'd personally help me with the application." "Oh my God, Peeta! That's phenomenal!" She leans across and grabs his hand. "Wait. What does that mean?" He laughs and explains the prestigious program to her, and she listens carefully, still not really fully grasping how a fellowship works, but Peeta's enthusiasm is infectious, and she is elated for him. "It's still a long shot," he hedges. "They don't award many fellowships each year, but Portia seems to think that this kind of art is not only unique, but potentially lucrative for my future." "You're definitely, to quote your professor, 'exceptionally talented' and these people would be fools not to select you." He shifts his chair closer to hers and rotates her hand in his so he can stroke the back of it with his thumb. "So would you be up for a few more body painting sessions this summer to pad my portfolio? Portia suggested some other ideas, and no one inspires me more than you…" "Peeta, like you even have to ask." "I figured." He smiles. "But I'm thinking this time we should discuss some terms for your modeling fee, Miss Everdeen." She flashes him a coy smile in return. "Well, as long as the artist will always help take off the paint after he puts it on me, I think we're in business, Mr. Mellark." "A small price to pay," he whispers, planting an innocent kiss on her lips, but his other hand sneaks under the table, and she feels it climb her bare thigh, inching dangerously closer to her panties. "Now can we order before I have to tell the waiter something came up, and I just take you back to my place to have my way with you?" She keeps her eyes locked on his, and she frees her hand from his grasp, sliding it under the table to cup him over the groin of his pants. Then she raises her other hand to signal the waiter. "We're ready to order now, but we'll be needing it to-go." She smiles sweetly and rubs Peeta's rapidly swelling cock. "Something's suddenly come up."