of my fault too; I turned down the Capitol's offer of a bionic replacement. It would have made life easier, and while I'm not about to admit it to anyone, deep down I don't think life should be easy for me. That shouldn't be my prize. We step out into the sunlight as she threads the fingers of her left hand through the fingers of my right. I shoot her a look that says 'later', and resign myself to hating this. Calyx Wagner Mentor, District Ten Victor of the 18th Hunger Games Cassia practices from cue cards she's clutching for dear life, and I mime in time; my head is perched on her shoulder, and she smells good – really good: apples, and orchids, and opium? I sort of want to nibble on her neck, but that would distract her; I hope that would distract her. If I did it properly, it should, but I've never had a chance to try. Well, I've had plenty of chances, but I've never, you know, had the guts. Now would be as good a time as any, but they're out there, and right now, I wish it were her holding me. I wish, but it can't be. Mayor Graft is in bed sick, and his daughter, Cassia, is acting in his stead; it's her first time, and she's scared. I'm not going to make this about me – not today. I take a deep breath, and pull away to look out into the sea of faces from our hiding spot behind the shoddy stage. Farina's there, somewhere in the eighteens. She's probably wearing her blue dress, the one with the daisies on the collar. She's worn it for three years now, I think. It's probably too short, and too tight under the arms. I'd give her one of the dozen my stylists left with me, but to do that, I'd have to talk to her, and to talk to her, I'd have to be near her – I can't see that happening. Her too small, too tight dress is blue like the sky; blue like her eyes. Somewhere, out there, she's pulling at a loose thread, wrapping it around a shaking finger, and tugging it so tight it hurts. Hurting reminds us that we're here. We're all still here. And we're scared. Ray Floret Mentor, District Eleven Victor of the 5th Hunger Games The commentators called her the Angel of Death. I called her Heirloom. The boy from Six just about ran into her on the second day, and she swiped the sickle he'd somehow managed to steal from the Cornucopia, or another tribute – I can't remember. He was twelve, and looked it. He would have been an easy kill, but Heirloom let him be. She dissolved into the thick foliage moments before the Career chasing Six barrelled through with a sword in each hand. You'd think it would have been easy work, but Heirloom had to finish the job. She killed the boy from Six, she killed the girl from Three; she killed the girl from Nine and the boy from Ten. Heirloom killed a lot of people, but none of them brought her home. I killed a lot of people too, and I think the same goes for me. I twist my golden handkerchief in my hands. I want to hurt something. I want to be hurt. I – I don't know what I want. The escort is wearing wings this year. They're magenta; that's a word I learned in the Capitol. They're magenta, and they might be attached to her back - I'm not sure. I swipe a feather with one hand as I fan my handkerchief in my blazer pocket with the other. She doesn't feel it, so maybe they're just for show after all. I'm about to stuff it in my pocket when I hear a muffled cry to my left. One of the eighteens is pregnant. I cough, to get her attention, and cup my hands to blow the feather her way. Heirloom was eighteen. And Heirloom died. Clover Shortwall Mentor, District Twelve Victor of the 22nd Hunger Games Peregrine jabs me in the ribs with the baton she uses to intonate, and I sit up straight in my golden chair. She jabs me again and I scowl at her. Oh – that's right. I'm supposed to be happy. There are more children in the square this year, I realise - more because of me, and the gifts my victory brought the district. None of them look healthy, sure, but they're still here - grey and terrified, but here. Some are my friends. One is my brother. Slate is in the fifteens. He's shorter than the boys around him; he's short like me. There's no way I'd be able to find him if I tried to, but I can guess what I'd see if I did. His pants are brown, and belted. They don't have any holes, or tears – they aren't fraying, and they finish where they should: they're not too short, and they're not too long. This is important. The year before last he had to borrow a pair of dad's old work pants, and a peacekeeper broke his arm with his baton for the shame he brought the district. We'd folded them over and over at the cuff and secured them with some old electrical tape, but they rolled down on the journey into town, and were dirtied. We didn't patch the hole in the ceiling that year so we could buy him another pair. They were grey, like everything else here, but they fit him well enough. It rained for four months straight. Today is the day Slate wears what might be the only discernible colour in the crowd. His shirt is blue, bright blue, and that's the thought I hold onto as I smile for the cameras. Peregrine waves her baton, the jewel at its head turns red, and we're live.