lines. "You don't need to keep me on my toes." It's obvious that Haymitch had grown bored - like a child, when left unamused, he gets into things. Like making me angry, starting wars and saving lives and such. Not that I really mind - at least when he's getting into things that have a small productive value. Or in some cases, large productive values. After checking out - Haymitch teases me about blowing his pension on unnecessary items, but they're just words - I decide that I want to go fabric shopping. Here in Seven, the colors are usually darker and more cooled. For Haymitch, it works. Cinna obsessed about how the cooler colors brought out his eyes, and I don't disagree. Seven folk like colors that blend with nature, make them nearly invisible when in the woods chopping for lumber but also easy to find when in peril. And they work for the people here, with their red and black plaids and their soft forest greens. But they don't really work well for me. And, I dealt with that at first. I'd march around in colors that drowned out my features and made my freckles more obvious, colors that didn't make me feel or look good, despite Haymitch's insistence that I was perfect. But then, Cinna taught me how to sew and design. He visited briefly in Seven from Eight and when I complained, he helped me fix my problem by first making me clothes and then showing me how to do it myself. Ever since, I've been making my own clothing. With Cinna's gentle color direction, the bright neons that I used to wear were replaced with soft pastels. So after placing our bags in the backseat of our beaten up old truck, I drag Haymitch into the fabric store. He complains during the times that I do drag him along, about helping me choose colors and then being forced to listen to me go on about whether or not I'd look appropriate in certain textures. I'm used to it by now. After saying hello to the cashier, a sweet old woman named Elvira who's always been more then helpful and generous with her prices, I head towards the softer fabric aisles. Cottons and satins that don't rub against my swollen stomach or make me uncomfortable. I browse through them, looking at bright reds and soft blues, examining each and every one carefully before making a choice. Eventually I turn and hold up a light green one for Haymitch, my way of asking his opinion. "You'd look like a tree," he deadpans, raising a condescending eyebrow. I roll my eyes, rolling the velvety fabric back on its spool. Leave it to him to ruin what I thought was a pretty color. "Wow, you sure know how to woo a woman," I snark back. Behind me, he laughs. "I know how to woo a woman, and I know how to be brutally honest." "Yeah, I can see that... okay, how about pink?" I suggest, holding up what seems to be a cotton candy color. By the way he scrunches up his nose, I can see he doesn't like the color before he even says anything. "I've seen you in enough pink to last a lifetime. Have you ever worn yellow?" Well at least he's trying to participate. "I'm blonde, Haymitch. In my opinion, yellow and blonde don't go together," I sniff. He sighs, picking up a soft purple color, almost lavender. I actually do like the color, it's always been a favorite of mine. I take the fabric from his fingers, running my palms over the satiny feel of it. It's soft too. "Ooh, this one is nice," I smile. "I like it. I think... maybe white jeans will go with this. But I don't know how to make jeans yet. I'll order some from the Capitol and-" "I don't think jeans are a good idea. You have to piss every ten seconds and jeans can be a hassle. During your pregnancy, you've been wearing more dresses, have you not? Yeah, you could make a really pretty sundress that you could wear to the baby's shower, couldn't you?" He suggests, cutting me off mid-sentence. I let the impropriety slide and smile at him. "Look at you, becoming educated in a woman's world," I smile, but then something he says stops me short. "The baby's shower. I don't like that. How about... Athena's shower? I prefer that. Athena is a pretty name, I read it in a book one. She was the goddess of strength, I think." "Okay," Haymitch shrugs. "Her name is Athena. Athena Abernathy. AA... oh damn you, woman," he growls, the insinuation of our child's initials hitting him suddenly. I hadn't even done it on purpose, but even though his alcoholism isn't a joke, the initials and the association paired with it is amusing. I laugh, turning back to the fabrics and ignoring the glares he sends to the back of my head. I've really got to take Haymitch shopping more often. AN: I swear, this took a life of its own. While doing so, it took three days of my life. I'm sorry for anything that doesn't seem right. I also didn't know the name of the object. I saw it once on How I Met Your Mother - Lily was going to Barney's house to do the thing that pregnant women do with that object and she stole Ted's lunch bag to do it. I don't know the name, and I didn't get any titles when I tried to search it. So I just used the word 'object'. Sorry .-. If you know the name, leave it below and I'll come back to fix it. I hope I did this justice, I don't know man. Whenever I write prompts I feel pressure and I work terribly under pressure. Sorry if it isn't good .-. I hope you enjoyed c: R&R please, thanks for reading!