plants his hands on my ass, angling me to his waiting mouth. My stomach clenches, and I feel myself getting even wetter when his tongue burrows its way between my folds and swirls over my clit. "Oh, god…Peeta," I wail, clawing at his rumpled waves with my nails. I screw my eyes shut and try to keep my legs from trembling as he suckles the swollen bundle of nerves. He laps at me like I'm some kind of delicacy, and he can't get enough. No sooner does my first orgasm rip through me than he shimmies back onto the chair fully, swinging his legs up, and he hauls me down onto him, my back pressed flush against his broad chest, my knees on either side of his thighs. My body is still convulsing with the aftershocks of pleasure, but when I open my eyes, I see we both have a perfect view of the glowing red disk just rising up out of the water. Peeta's teeth graze my ear, and his tongue traces the curve of the inner shell as he whispers, "I love you," and he lifts me just enough to sheathe himself inside me, his hands cupping my breasts. I moan and let my head loll back on his shoulder, but he nuzzles my neck. "Keep your eyes open. We're supposed to be watching the sun rise while I fuck you." All that tumbles from my lips is a fevered moan, but obediently, I force my eyes open and as Peeta thrusts up and I push down, we steal the occasional kiss, gazing at each other in between glimpses of the sun casting an orange-gold spell on the rippling waves. "It's beautiful," I gasp out, and Peeta grunts in response, one hand leaving my breast to land on my hip, trying to regulate the pace of his thrusts. "It's incredible…this…this is fucking incredible…god, I'm going to come soon, Katniss," he murmurs. I nod, and while I feel another orgasm coiling in my belly, I slide one of my hands down to rub myself where we are joined, and Peeta moans in my ear. "Fuck, I love it when you touch yourself," he growls. "Keep doing that…" My breaths start faltering, and the gyrations of my pelvis become erratic, and as Peeta cries my name and I feel his cock pulse inside me, flooding me with warmth, I succumb to my own release and collapse back against him, his arm crossing my belly to hold me tightly as our bodies tremble and quake together. "I…love you…too," I pant. When the lingering effects of our lovemaking have worn off and he's gone completely soft inside me, I reluctantly climb off him, grab a beach towel from the hook to use to clean us off, and hand him his sketchbook. I press a kiss to his sweaty temple and shrug on my robe, then I leave him to capture the tableau of sky spread before us, and I go inside to start some water for his tea. "Prim needs to be up soon," I say, tucking my legs beneath me as I hand him his mug of tea a few minutes later. "She's got work at eight." The orange pastel stick moves fluidly in his hand, and he smiles at me. "I'm glad she's enjoying it." Prim volunteers at a small clinic not far from our little bungalow. She works with the children's ward, and Peeta has already begun looking into how he can get her accepted into some preliminary online classes to start pursuing a medical degree. It won't be easy with the lack of resources here, but Peeta swears there are plenty of countries with good schools and no extradition policies, and he'll make it happen. And I believe him. Peeta has been working on his art, and he bought me a guitar, and I've been spending my days singing and plucking out notes. There's a school not far from here, and perhaps I can find something to do there. My high-school diploma qualifies me to do more here than I could have imagined. But for the first month or so, I just want to enjoy being with Peeta. It's almost like a vacation. Oh. The money. Beetee took care of that for us. Once we found a bank here on the island, we deposited every last cent of it, and Beetee worked his hacker magic to mess with the routing numbers and cut two cashier checks. One was delivered anonymously to the Panem Community Center, and it's more than enough to rebuild the local playground, clean up the park around it, and start some programs to keep the Seam kids off the street after school. We'll follow the progress online (which is also how we'll keep tabs on the trials of my former friends and accomplices). The other check we hand-delivered. The small clinic where Prim found a job volunteering now has the funding for all kinds of medicines and equipment to provide for the residents of our new village. It may be blood money, but it eases my conscience to know how much good is going to come from it. Peeta turns his sketchbook and shows me the page where a lovely mingling of orange covers the paper. "That's it," he whispers. "The color I've been trying to get right for over twenty years. It just took the right inspiration." I blush and lean across the two chairs, closing the distance between us. "Are you talking about the sunrise, or me?" He laughs and tosses the pad to the patio. "You certainly know the effect you have on me, hmm?" "I plan to keep inspiring you for the rest of our lives, if you'll allow it." "Oh, I'll allow it," he laughs again, and he laces our fingers together as we take one last glance at the early morning sun and head into our home, hand in hand. Happy Birthday again, Street. ILY! Thanks for reading. ~C~