boulangerie, he cleared his throat. "I was in love with that woman when we were young. She was a beautiful lady." Peeta's eyes widened and he stared at his father. "What happened, Papa?" His father chuckled ruefully. "She fell in love with another man—the Musketeer you just saw in his casket." "What happened to him, Papa?" Peeta asked. "I did not ask Claire that. It would have been inappropriate to pry in such a time, mon fils. All I know of her husband's death is what I heard in the bakery the other morning from several of our customers." Peeta had heard the fevered buzz of conversation just yesterday morning that the king had been assassinated; the entire country was in mourning for their slain monarch. Several of the gossipy women who came by the bakery frequently had said there were rumors that one of the king's own men—a Musketeer—may have betrayed him. But an older man who was missing nearly all his teeth had hushed the women immediately, harshly telling them to mind their own business and not to speak ill of the deceased. Two Musketeers had also lost their lives in the siege, and Peeta now knew one was Katniss's father. It was a sobering realization just how dangerous being a king's bodyguard could be. But it did nothing to quell Peeta's desperate wish to join the sacred esprit de corps when he turned sixteen. On the contrary, it reignited it. From her place slumped under the window of her house, Katniss Everdeen watched the kind-hearted baker and his son walk away hand in hand, and she drew a shuddering gulp of air into her lungs before another torrent of tears fell into her lap and were absorbed by the fabric of her dress. It was not fair. She would never again hold her father's hand. She felt a sudden welling of anger towards the handsome young boy who had given her that cheese bun years ago. His father baked bread. Her father protected an entire country. And it had cost him his life—no matter what anyone said about him failing to do his job. She hadn't understood when the messenger had knocked on their cottage door two days earlier and delivered a large parchment scroll to her mother. Her mother's piercing scream had actually shattered a clay pot on the shelf nearest to the door, and she had collapsed in a heap and did not rouse again until the elderly woman in the cottage adjacent to theirs had waved a bouquet of foul-smelling herbs under her nose. It was not until the four men arrived at the cottage bearing the wooden box and she laid eyes on her father's lifeless face that she finally grasped the reality of that scroll: her beloved papa was dead. The grey eyes so like her own were hidden by closed lids that would never lift hence. The Musketeers—her father's sworn brethren—all addressed her mother and removed those black-plumed hats and bowed solemnly before turning to her and bowing gently. One of them, a man who was not that much taller than her mother, had dark hair and grey eyes like hers and a very ruddy complexion. He gently cupped her cheek and placed his hat on her head, the large headpiece sliding down over her eyes as he offered her his condolences. The oldest-looking of the men assured her mother that they would be taken care of and spoke many nice words about her father, cautioning her mother about the vicious rumors that could circulate about the circumstances of the deaths and the murderous plot against the king. The fact that anyone could even think her father would do such a thing infuriated Katniss and heated the blood in her veins. "I will avenge your death, Papa," she whispered, eyes trained up on the hazy blue summer sky. "One day, I will make you proud." It would not stop Katniss that she was female and thus would not be permitted to seek such a position. Once she put her mind to something, there was nothing that could stop her stubborn, irascible soul from achieving her goal. One way or another, she would find a way to don that blue cloak. She would be a Musketeer. A/N- So this prologue was originally part of the Fandom 4 LLS collection back in September, and though most of those stories posted in December, I have been waiting to post this prologue for two reasons. 1) I needed to make more progress on my other WIPs before I began posting this new historic, as antsy as I have been to do that, and 2) I wanted to post on 1/1/14, since my first fic, A Favorable Wind, posted on 1/1/13. I like synergy, what can I say. (For those of you who have the collection, my other submission will not be posted in the near future. I am aiming for late Spring for that.) As you can see, this story is based on the classic tale of The Three Musketeers (I watch the Chris O'Donnell one over and over again, cause that man gives me Peeta feels) AND I've fused in the concept behind Shakespeare in Love. That will unfold eventually. Windfall and Crash My Party will be updated soon, and I have one last bday gift coming in the very near future for one of my very favorite people. 2014 will bring us Mockingjay Part I (ow my heart already hurts) but if you are looking for a great MJ AU I highly recommend "Random Reality Shifts" by Wake by the River. I'm always hesitant to read MJ AUs until they are complete, but this one sucked me in. Give it a try. Thank you for reading. Happy New Year everyone. Thank you for the follows, favorites, and reviews that you showered me with in 2013. I am beyond grateful for the support. I look forward to hearing what you think of this one...~Court~