I don't know. I inch a bit closer to her and say the first thing I think of. "During the rebellion they bombed my district to the ground. More than half of the citizens were killed. We that survived relocated to the nearest district; Thirteen. We are welcome there and they didn't understand why we couldn't settle in. We had lost everything. Homes, friends, family. There was no way to explain that we felt homesick for a home that didn't exist anymore." I watch her digest my words. She doesn't say a thing but allows one last tear to fall. The wind pulls the letter from her now-slackened hand. I catch it but she tears it forcefully from me. "Whatever it is, you should talk to someone about it. Autom, or your family. It will destroy you from the inside." We sit in silence a minute and just as I am about to leave she thrusts the paper into my hand and hides her face in her knees again, she is not crying. I read. My Dearest Emerald, I cannot express my relief at hearing you made it out of the city. I knew you could. You were always built stronger than I. I know your life has been difficult because of the woman I chose to be. Had I known the peril that my loving your father would put my children in, I hope I would have made a different choice. It is too late for me to patch our broken relationship and to make amends for who I am. I just hope you will learn, in time, to forgive me. Please give my love to your brother. I am sorry to say that this will be the last time I can talk to you. I was placed on trial, along with Ingrid Snow. The rebels have sentenced your father's wife and I to death for war crimes. There is nothing left to write. I pray you will make your way wherever you land, and I pray you can forgive me. I love you my dear, Fucia Treet I stare at the letter and its implications and am overcome with rage. I realize that I consider her a friend. As I followed her into the woods I felt drawn to her, now I feel only disgust. I want to put as much space between her and I as possible. She is watching me as I fold the letter back up and hand it to her. I've lost my words, so I stand and leave. I hear her say my name as I trudge back through the forest and a pang of guilt twists in my stomach but I ignore it. She is the daughter of Coriolanus Snow. I haven't decided where I will go, I just walk. There is still work to be done in the District and my body must know it because I end up at the house where I have been repairing the west facing wall all week. The work is easy and frees my mind to consider the revelation. Emerald, too, must not have known what to do because I watch as she returns to the kitchen. I am sitting on the floor in our main room when Valde returns from dinner in the square. Reconstituted chicken soup did not appeal to me so I had returned home when the dinner bell rang. "Tell me." Valde says when I don't greet him as he walks in. I decide to play dumb, "What?" "I saw you follow Emerald into the woods. That girl is a fool for telling you who she is." I stare at him blankly. He knows who she is. My rage turns to him. Then I hear her voice from behind me in the woods again. The guilt returns and my anger abates. Valde continues, "You must know it is not her fault. Just like you didn't mean to take a front seat in the revolution, it landed on you." Damn. Guilt tears through my stomach and I feel sick. I nod because he is right. Then I leave. She's on the bench outside the dining hall, the purple envelope still clutched in her fist. The streets are already cleared, nobody stays out late after a day of hard labor. When she sees me she stands to leave. "No, wait." I call after her. She doesn't stop and I have to run to catch her. My fist tightens around her arm. She tries to pull away but I hold firm. There is a fire in her eyes as she spins around to look at me, and for a moment I think she will hit me. Instead she says, "What?" Through gritted teeth. Her mother is right, she is built strong. I don't see the Capitol girl when I look at her, I see a survivor who trekked halfway across the country to save her family. She and I are not so different. "It's ok." I say. She gives another tug and her arm is free. "I didn't ask for your approval." She spits. "I just mean—." I stutter "Save it!" and she turns to leave. Shit, that didn't go as planned. But she turns back. "If it had gone the other way, you might be in my shoes. Searching for a new home in a country that wants you dead. I shouldn't have shown you. I guess I thought I had done enough to prove myself. If I wanted to continue as Coriolanus Snow's daughter, why would I put so much effort into building a new life here?" "I know," I say. She plunks down onto the bench next to me. "Don't- Don't tell anyone." "So your half-sisters-?" I ask out of morbid curiosity. "Anjelica and Victoria Snow. But it's not their fault either." "True, but they are slightly less redeemable." I laugh. A ghost of a smile touches her lips before she lays her forehead on the table. "Have you told them?"