were you doing at the station?" "I was going home ..what were you doing there?" I said with sarcasm in my voice. "Just doing my job." Was all he said before he continued "So Kat, what district are you from?" "I'm from 12" I said as I watched the road carefully.. Kat? the hell was he thinking . "Have you ever been there?" "No. Why would I want to involve myself with the lower districts?" "Oh are you too good for us is that it?" He kept silent but I saw his jaw clench, through some of the trees I could see a mansion standing there. "Is that your home?" Curiousity got the best of me…again. "Yeah it is, I'll park the car and I'll show you around Katniss " He spat out my name and I knew I had made him angry. Show me around my ass . As soon as Cato had so much as parked the car and unlocked the doors I bolted out and ran for my life. I didn't know where I was going but as long as I kept my eyes on the main road I should eventually hit civilization. I heard a low growl and saw the guy not too far behind me. I increased my pace and was prepared to run until my lungs gave out. " Katniss!" I could hear his yell but ignored it, I was not going to be forced into slavery. No I was going to survive! I ran until I couldn't hear his steps behind me anymore but made no indication of slowing. Instead I was just about to put even more speed into my legs ( if they would allow it) when suddenly the air was knocked out of me and I landed onto the grass with a loud thud. "Ouch" I croaked as I rubbed my head in pain. I couldn't dwell on the ground for long though as a large hand yanked me up on my feet and squeezed my arm painfully. "Please" I trashed around, I was not going down easily "I don't want to be your sex slave I don't want to be with you just let me go home!" His blue eyes darkened and he roughly dragged me back towards the mansion. "Just keep quiet you wench!" his hand was on my throat and I felt like I couldn't breathe. "Or I'll shut down your vocal cords!" My head somehow managed to nod and he softened his grip. I cried softly though not wanting to give in to his will for me to be quiet. Once inside the house he sat me up on a chair and handed me a glass of water. I drank it down in one go. "Don't ever run from me again Katniss ! Again the name spitting. The hounds that roam the woods may get to you or worse, I will" I gulped. "I-I don't want t-to be your sexslave" by now I was sobbing. "Would you stop crying?!" I didn't have time to reply because his fist had made contact with my chin. "That's for running away Kat" There was an icy tone to his voice. I winched at the pain as my hand immediately flew to the now burning skin. And as much as I knew I shouldn't flare his temper up, I just didn't care anymore. I'd be dead anyway and I just lose it. "How can I stop crying when today was a nightmare! When YOU are a nightmare! At first I'm being kissed by a stranger! My first kiss you idiot! Next thing I know everyone around me gets killed that girl at the flower shop gets raped, I have to witness it all! Now I'm here with you! I DONT WANT TO BE WITH YOU! You're a ruthless killer a fucking peacekeeper! And then, then you hit me because I'm trying to get away from you! " I sob uncontrollably now, just letting everything out. His head is just mere inches from mine and I feel his hand snake up to my throat, squeezing it firmly this time. "SHUT UP!" he roars at me but he´s not the only one with a voice. "Or else what Cato?! You're going to kill me?!" "I might.." He just shrugs and I feel even more anger burn up inside of me, how can this man be so indifferent. "Then fucking do it!" I screech back "My family probably thinks I'm dead an-" I didn't get to finish because suddenly his lips crushed upon mine and to my own betrayal I fluttered my eyes shut, every emotion I had disappeared within the blink of an eye. This felt nothing like the kiss back at the station this kiss was full of passion and kindness. The hand on my throat retreats and I'm spinning. After what seemed like hours but in reality were only minutes or seconds even, my mind stopped working and I slowly and awkwardly started to kiss him back, hoping I did everything right. His lips smiling in the kiss, probably sensing my nervousness. One of his hands moved to the small of my back, pulling me in closer to him while the other rests on my cheek, caressing it gently. My own hands betrayed me too as they slowly touched his golden locks, carefully pulling it. Him, gently biting down on my bottom lip as I softly let out a hot moan in his mouth. Again he smiled but then his lips started to leave mine and I hazily open my eyes. Trying to see through the curtain of steam my mind had created. "Consider this your first kiss Katniss" he whispered huskily in my ear. My body wouldn't move and my mind was talking gibberish to me, I was struck with lightning and electric sparks. The dreamy cloud soon disappeared as he softly chuckled "Atleast I now know how to shut you up Kitten." I could only glare at him.