and when I die, they'll say I died fighting. Or something poetic like that." I tell her. Lily frowns. "You know, we have a pretty good chance, being from District 4 and all… Besides, we have an even better chance this year. The tributes from 1 are both thirteen." "They are? Don't they usually volunteer if a little kid's reaped?" She shrugs. "I guess they didn't. And also, we're pretty good-looking so we might get sponsors that way." We both laugh. "Wanna go do something?" She suggests. Lily and I walk around all of the cars, from front to back. I feel like a little kid again, going exploring. It's actually a lot of fun. By the time we get to the last car, the sun has set. A Capitol attendant comes in, looking for us, saying that we're supposed to be at dinner. We show up and Mags is looking concerned, while Grant is smirking. "Did you get any?" He asks me. I fight the urge to roll my eyes. He takes my lack of response as a no. "Well sucks for you." Dinner is delicious, a fish cooked with lemon and butter. We would sometimes eat that on nights where family or friends would come over. It's my favorite meal. This might be the last time I have it. I try to watch the sun as it sets, and memorize the picture. The pink and orange that streaks across the purple-blue sky. My sunsets are limited. I might as well enjoy them. I decide to talk to Grant after dinner. I'd hate to bring back Mags' memories about her games, but Grant's will be fresher in his mind. I knock on the door to his car. "Come in," he tells me. "what do you need? Condoms?" He laughs to himself. I cross my arms and lean against the wall. I shake my head, and give Grant a small smile. "Not really. I was just wondering, well, how did you win? And what should I try to do? I don't think I'm gonna win, but I wanna at least try-" Grant cuts me off, "See, that's where you lose. You need to be confident . Or at least tell yourself that you are enough, and maybe you'll believe it." He leans back on his bed, and puts his hands behind his head. "I'm gonna be honest with you Finnick. I don't believe in sugar coating. It's for people who can't handle the truth. And you're gonna need to be able to handle it. I killed five people in my Games, and that's just a fact. But what they don't tell you is that it's hard to forgive yourself. Even most of the winners from Districts One and Two feel shitty after. Well that's an understatement. You feel like a monster. I know this mentor- from District 12. He won the Quell. He killed four people, I think. Which isn't a lot considering there were 48 people that year. But he still feels terrible." "Then what's the point of even trying?" I ask him. "I was hoping you'd ask that. Well, think of your family. I saw that girl who was crying when they reaped you. She had to get dragged away. Think of how she'll feel when you're dead." Annie. She'd… I couldn't do that to her. Grant continues, "I mean it'll probably be hard when you get back. Seriously, all the Capitol women are gonna want you. But do you think you'll be able to kill? Nobody's a victor by chance. We're all bad people. And while we might feel a-okay, we were able to kill. Do you think you will?" "Maybe. If it meant I could go back home. I'm not ready to die." I'm just terribly homesick. I don't know if I actually would be able to, but in the middle of the arena, it's a whole different situation. Grant comes up to me and pats my back. "That's all you need to win. You have a real chance. Don't tell anyone I told you this, but Lily won't win. She doesn't believe in killing people. Not that believing in that is bad by any means, but in the Hunger Games, having those values will get you killed. Now go get some sleep or something." He hands me a foil packet. Great. I thank Grant (for the advice) and walk back to my room. Lily's wearing one of my teeshirts. "I didn't think you would mind." Lily explains, crossing her legs. I'm pretty tall, but she's almost as tall as me. And that shirt's way too short for her. Not that I really mind. She points to the condom in my hand. "What's that?" She asks. I can tell she knows. "Grant gave it to me. I went to ask him some advice on when we have training." I throw it to her gently, and she catches it. Lily puts it in the drawer in the nightstand. "We should make good use of that. But not right now." We've only known each other for two days. I yawn. The clock says it's nine. Why am I so tired? I take off my shirt, and sit next to her in bed. She raises an eyebrow at me, and then laughs. "You really sleep in that?" "No. I don't wanna make you uncomfor-" I realize how stupid that is. I take off my pants, so I'm only wearing my boxers, and sit back down. "Better?" I ask, grinning. "Much." She says flirtatiously. We both laugh. She reaches up and turns off the light. "Night, Finn." Lily says. I pull the blanket up to my waist. Lily ends up getting wrapped in my arms. I don't think either of us mind. Before I drift into sleep, I feel Lily press her lips against mine. A/N: How is this? Should I continue? Like I said, this one stands by itself, but it takes place in the same universe as 'Secrets'.