falls to the ground. Laski looks at the falling object and raises his weapon. "You've robbed me" His threatening tone returns once more. "I have done no such thing." I state. His eyes narrow at me. "The Mockingjay pin. Where did you get it? And don't lie, because I'll know if you do." "I was given it before I came here." I start to explain. Only one word escapes his lips. "Liar." He stares at me, his eyes searching for an explanation, all the while my jaw clenches even more. He speaks again. "I had that in my possession, it was right here in my pock-" he was cut off as he reaches a hand to his pocket and pulls out a second Mockingjay pin. He stutters and looks completely bewildered as he drops his knife. "I don't understand." He mutters. 'Not one bit. How is this possible?" "How is what possible?" I ask He walks over to me and picks up the Mockingjay pin near my feet and examines it closely. "Impossible' he says under his breath. "Can you please tell me what's going on?!" My patience is wearing thin. "There is only one of these pins in the world, only one, so how can there be two?' He starts pacing the room. Then out of nowhere he shouts. "You! You're brilliant! You figured it out!" he shouts gleefully, he pumps his arms in the air but ends up yelling in pain and his attention goes to his shoulder. He clutches it tight and winces in pain. "Are you alright?' I ask. "I was grazed with an arrow. I think I was lucky to be honest." He says as he takes off his shirt, showing his shoulder to me. It looks badly infected. But the worst thing about it was that I think it may have been me that caused it. Deciding not to tell him, I walk over to him and inspect his shoulder. I reach for my backpack and pull out a few healing leaves I've gathered at some point a couple of days ago. I rip them up in my hand and lay them out across his infected wound. I proceeded to fix his arm by ripping a piece of blanket from the room and tying it around his shoulder, being sure to keep the pressure tight but not too tight. "You're not a wimp. Most people complain about the pain whenever I try to help them." I say. "I can handle it." He replies, looking at his now attended to shoulder. "Thank you." I nod my head solemnly before I speak again. "You said that I figured it out?" I remind him.' "Ah, yes. The pin, there's some unsolved myth to it, they say if you look hard enough you will discover it's true meaning. You have discovered it." I blink, my facial expressions obviously shows no sign of catching on. He sighs and continued. "You have an exact copy of a pin when there is only one made in the entire universe. Your clothes are completely different and seem completely modern and I've never seen them before in my life. You speak like you're from a different time and you know who I am. Do I have to spell it out?" I blink again. "No way." I scoff. "I did not go back in time." "Oh but of course you did!" he says with a grin. Laski walks towards me and yanks the journal out of my hand. "The answers are all in here." He says as he waves it in my face. "Okay so I've got a journal, so what? It doesn't prove you're Laski.' I say. He just grins and walks over to his backpack and rummages around till he pulls out an identical journal, only more newer looking. He turns back to me and holds it out to me. I take it and open it, and read the latest entry. "Day Fourteen" it reads. I skim through it, and then reread the Day Fourteen on the journal I have clutched in my hand. It was identical. Except on the next page he hasn't written about the girl he met. Then I click. The girl he had written about on the next page was me, yet at the present moment he hasn't written it in yet. He really is Laski, and here I am, fifty eight years in the past. I'm the first person to discover time travel! But no, this has to be a dream. This stuff just doesn't happen. Not now, not ever. Closing my eyes, I pinch myself. "No, this is not a dream." Laski says as if reading my mind. I open my eyes and shake my head. Okay so maybe it was real. This is unbelievable. I hand the older journal to Laski, but he refuses. "I can't know about my future. Didn't you ever get read bedtime stories to do with fairy tales and time travel and stuff? You can't mess with time or bad things may happen." He explains. I nod my head, sweating profusely. I am still a bit nervous, as you can tell. This certainly is a first for me. Laski and I sit down on the floor of his home, and begin to talk. He tells me more about the myth behind the Mockingjay pin, and then asks me how it works. After explaining to him exactly what had happened that made me go back fifty eight years in the past, he begins asking me about the Hunger Games and what it was like in my time compared to his. Though, nothing has really changed. The rules are still the same, and the Capitol still likes to manipulate people into getting what they want. And to be honest, this is far better than any history I've read up on. I've actually experienced it. Let's not forget to mention how I discovered time travel. Review and let me know what you think? :)