and not from the coldness of the night. Remember Sickle, he'd have killed you and enjoyed it if he got the chance to. The next face I see is the boy from Three. That means the rest of the Careers have all survived, and they'll be hunting me down soon. This boy seemed smart, and a little ruthless. I feel sort of glad I won't have to face-off against him. Next in the sky is the girl from Three. That's one District out already. Unlike me, she'd not tried to get poor odds to avoid being seen as one to target. I didn't expect her to last long, but with how sad she seemed, well, I can only hope it was quick and merciful. Next up is the boy from Five. He seemed really smart... just another person of worth the Capitol has taken away and wasted all potential of. Now I see the face of the boy from Six. Cato had threatened to kill him. Well, at least this boy outlived him. I wonder who kill him, if not Cato? The face of the boy from Seven is next up. He was a sly one, I thought. And now he's dead, just like that. With every face I get closer to my goal, but... this is wrong. Not that I can claim to be much superior, after killing somebody and in record time, too. Another District gone. It's the girl from Seven next. Like every Tribute but Miller, I never spoke to her... but she seemed smart, and decently skilled. Like she had something to fight for. Whatever it was, she's dead too. The second to last face I see staring lifelessly at me from above is the girl from Eight. She seemed goofy and fun... not things that help you stay alive in the Arena. Of course, outside the Games I'd probably enjoy her company, not that I'd admit to it just in case, but in here there's only one Victor. Not gonna be her, though maybe she died as she lived - smiling. And now, I see the final face in the sky. It's that girl from Twelve... the Girl on Fire. Katniss. Her fire got extinguished fast I guess. Broken love, a crushed underdog and, sadly, I can't say I'm surprised. That's the way it'll always be until the day the Capitol burns. With all nine dead Tributes shown, the Anthem comes to a grand finale for a moment before everything goes dark and all is quiet. Well, besides the hooting of an owl from somewhere nearby at least. "Nine dead kids," I mutter. "Happy Hunger Games, whoop-de-doo..." I lay back, the rope securing me, and I try to settle down. It's gonna be a long night, I bet. Tomorrow it's gonna be just as hard. After all, on day one it's about getting supplies, or fleeing. But on day two and beyond the hunting begins and the Gamemakers will start to influence things. "Brrrr, pretty chilly," I say as I try to get comfy. It's not a few moments after I say this that I hear something... it's like a sonar, or some kind of soft beeping. Looking up, I see a parachute is heading towards me. As it gets close, the 9 on it confirms it's for me. I open it up, and inside it is a blanket. "Thanks for the boon," I say, giving a thumbs up. "Don't go sponsoring the others. I kinda need to kill them, and not have them kill me, you see." I'm sure the idiots in the Capitol love that. Not that I can call them idiots, sadly. Well, no yet anyway, heheh. Setting aside the parachute, I put the blanket over me and lay back, trying to get some rest. Day one is over, and I've made myself impossible to forget. Already, a Sponsor has been given to me. People are really gonna want to kill me after what I've done. That girl from Two looks bonkers so, well, hopefully she broke her hands and can't use any knives on me. Guess I'll just sleep, and see what the next day brings. Just fourteen left to die, and then it's time… Come what may. I can deal with it. END OF DAY 1… REMAINING TRIBUTES Marvel (District 1 Male) Glimmer (District 1 Female) Clove (District 2 Female) Urchin (District 4 Male) Marina (District 4 Female) Cinder (District 5 Female) Tamora (District 6 Female) Callico (District 8 Male) Miller (District 9 Male) Sickle (District 9 Female) Rammy (District 10 Male) Sable (District 10 Female) Thresh (District 11 Male) Rue (District 11 Female) Peeta (District 12 Male) THE FALLEN 16th- Katniss (District 12 Female)- Two knives thrown into her back by Clove. 17th- Weldar (District 3 Male)- Strangled and asphyxiated by Tamora. 18th- Jason (District 6 Male)- Stabbed with a Kukri and then stabbed in the gut by a spear, by Marvel. 19th- Wood (District 7 Male)- Throat slashed with a large cleaver by Glimmer. 20th- Nettle (District 7 Female)- Stabbed repeatedly by Clove. 21st- Gadget (District 3 Female)- Struck in the skull with an axe by Marina. 22nd- Lacey (District 8 Female)- Impaled with a spear by Marvel. 23rd- Sparky (District 5 Male)- Knife thrown between the eyes by Clove. 24th- Cato (District 2 Male)- Mines detonated by Sickle before the countdown was over. TRIBUTE NOTES As usual, no real notes to give on those that fell in the bloodbath. But, with Sickle's action before the countdown ended and how it's the main point of divergence...well, everything changed and thus it's a totally different outcome that is more than just listing 'what changes if this one Tribute had ran or not done something'. Take away Cato, have everybody be in a shocked frenzy from what has happened and then add the fact they were stationary for a few precious seconds...the result is everything totally changing around. A very different tale than what we know lies ahead. Stay tuned!