that?!" Finnick's curiosity got the best of him, and he dug into the pile of snow quickly, ignoring the cold and damp snow. He kept digging and digging until he hit something. Finnick quickly began brushing away snow in quick breaststroke-like gestures. A black cloth stuck out in the snow, cold and wet. That's odd, Finnick thought, why would someone bury a cloth? He chose to ignore the reasons of someone burying a perfectly good cloth - ignoring the fact that it could be cursed. Finnick began to half-heartily brush away snow, not realizing what he uncovered until a bright red filled the picture. "Oh my god," Finnick breathed, then he screamed. What he uncovered wasn't a cursed cloth but an Annie. Her red hair sprawled out on the snow like lava, and her eyes were closed - as if she was sleeping. Several of her limbs were at odd angles - a bird wounded in landing, never to fly again. She was like a bird, a bird asleep. But Annie's chest wasn't rising or falling. She was dead. "Oh my god." Finnick screamed, he screamed and screamed and screamed and screamed. He screamed out the sadness and anger into the day covered in clouds. He pushed on Annie's chest - like CPR - and tried to wake her up. He cried over her bright red hair that never lost its flame. He cried and cried and cried and screamed. Sadness and anger mixed in his heart so much that Finnick didn't know if he should be angry or sad or angry. He just felt the feeling of sadness - like a cold winter's day with no sun - and anger - like spicy hot sauce on Mexican food - in his heart and consuming his thoughts. Some sense suddenly came in Finnick's brain, and he reached for his cell phone. With shaky hands a he dialed 9-1-1. The phone rang in a steady beat while Finnick could only sob. Annie was dead, to never kiss him again, to never breath again, to never laugh again, to never cry again, to never eat tacos again, to never hug someone again, to never eat again, to never live again. She had no more agains. "—sir, sir? Are you still there sir?" The calm voice from the phone spoke his ear. "Yes. I'm here," Finnick managed to choke out words between the sobs. "Sir, do you need police, fire department, or an ambulance?" The voice spoke as if she had done this millions of times - and she probably had. But Finnick didn't need those people, he needed someone who would bring Annie back. "Any one," Finnick choked out, and he hung up the phone and just sat there. Finnick lay his head on Annie's chest and tried to wish her back alive. A crinkle sound came from the paper. Finnick lifted up his head and adjusted his position, and lay his head back down on Annie's check. Crinkle . Finnick sat up and searched around Annie's chest to find the source of the crinkle noise and pulled it out. The crinkle noise was from a piece of paper, a small one written with a curling handwriting that sprawled around the page. He read the writing. Dear Finnick, I'm so sorry. I know it wasn't practical to kill myself, but it was the only way. Things have happened, things you don't want to know about (trust me.) But I want to clear stuff up, I'm not a whore and I love you. I hope you saw that picture and treasure it. When I'm in heaven - or hell - I will always remember you. You have made my life so much more bearable. Wherever I am now, I'm with Anna. I really am sorry, but continue with your life. Sincerely, Annie Cresta P. S. Here's a quote I want to remember, "Life sucks," and remember that colors mean stuff. Finnick held the letter against his heart and let the tears flow. "Annie." Beyond that lot, a girl's soul separated from her body and climbed out of its cage. The soul's bright red hair and emerald eyes were brighter than the ones in the body. More vivid and more alive. The soul - unlike the body - was wearing a bright white dress. White the color of snow and life and passion and kindness, and the body below wore a black one. Black for death and trauma but also for the darkness of the night - and the comfort it brings. The soul stood up fully, and her red hair streamed around her. She looked behind her at the golden boy huddled over her former body clutching a sheet of paper. And turned toward the sky where another soul, one who almost looked her - red hair and emerald eyes - gathered the first soul into a hug. The second soul smiled at her. "Annie, you're here," the she said to the first soul. She did sense the anchor that soul's blood to the boy. He kept her tethered to the earth. "You have to learn to let go, Annie. Give that boy one last look, but don't worry. You'll watch him for heaven. Annie, are you ready to leave?" The first soul gave one last look at the boy, the boy who loved her and said, "Yes. I am ready to leave." A/N: Ok, I totally stole the idea of jumping off a building and meeting from jumping off w building there from All the Bright Places and so ahead, sue me. Note: Annie's illness isn't schizophrenia, but she suffers from hallucinations and is withdrawn from the world at times. Her illness hasn't been really described or pinpointed yet, but it takes parts from other mental illnesses. (Also, I'm so if I got some stuff wrong, Wikipedia can only do so much introduction to psychology.) Triggers: Teen alcohol, mentions of drugs and sex (but the protags don't do it,) suicide, mild swearing