Fallen begin to appear. The District 3 female. She seemed so...depressed, in the training centre. I wonder if she died crying. I then wish I'd not thought of that. The District 5 male. Marina is ok! She might watch out for me if I find her! Then I remember this boy being stabbed by Glimmer, and gulp at how I nearly met that fate. The District 6 male. Cato got mad at him in the training centre, though that small girl from 11 took the knife. I guess Cato kept his word on going for him first… The District 6 female. That's one district out already… The District 7 male. I think I saw that massive boy from District 11 end his life. One swing and he was dead. I shiver, feeling smaller than normal. The District 7 female. Another district out, and another tribute I knew nothing about, nor ever will. The District 8 male. I think he was the first to fall, but I'll probably never be sure. Poor guy. The District 9 female. I wonder who got her; her body looked pretty damaged. I feel sick at the thought. The District 9 Male. I think that short Career, Clove, managed to get him. At this point I grab the closest knife and hold it tightly. A bird hooting makes me jump anxiously, before my gaze returns to the sky. The District 10 Female. She was so quiet...was her death just as silent? If I do die...I want it to mean something. I hold my knife tighter still. The Fallen ends and so does the anthem. All is quiet, save for the wind rustling the trees. Ten. That's ten kids dead in one day, and all in just a few minutes of each other. My odds have gone up a good deal...and now ten families are gonna be crying. If I hadn't gotten away, I wonder what my family would do, seeing my body. The thought is making me ill, so I close my eyes and try to find it in me to sleep. After a few minutes though, I know sleep is not going to come easy. So, I reach into the pocket of the jacket the game-makers gave me to wear and take out my tribute token. It's a starfish, or it was. It's been dried a lot over time; I'm not sure what kind it is, but it's rare, smells like sea and some unknown things that get my imagination going, and...it reminds me of home. Mum, dad, little Ula...wonder what they are doing now... As I gently feel the starfish and begin to relax, I can see a camera near me on the ground. It focuses its gaze onto me. The Capitol must be watching. I give the camera a very slow wave for a moment. "My name is Urchin Hook. I'm the male Tribute from District 4 in the 74th Annual Hunger games," I begin, talking slowly. "And...the odds may not be in my favour, but I'm gonna win. You'll see, this year a 12 year old is gonna win and go home!" I hope I looked good for the cameras. Inside, I feel close to puking my brains out, if it were even possible. Still holding my knife and my token, I close my eyes and start to drift off. Seventy three times this has happened...now it's the seventy fourth time. I wonder what this game will be remembered for, what the game-makers are going to have in store for myself and the rest. I can remember watching a few previous games in District 4 growing up. I didn't want to, but given what happens if I do not watch...it was the better option. One year there were Tracker-Jacker nests all over the place with mass screaming and hallucinations. Another time the arena was a cave that was completely pitch black; several tributes walked right into traps and then...great, now I'm feeling even sicker… But, I've made it through day one. Thirteen others left, it's not impossible. Just because a 12 year old has never won before, doesn't mean one never will...right? I can't help but shudder though, wondering what would have happened if Cato hadn't been looking away from me when I ran from the Cornucopia… I'm in hot water now. END OF DAY 1... REMAINING TRIBUTES Marvel (District 1 Male) Glimmer (District 1 Female) Cato (District 2 Male) Clove (District 2 Female) Weldar (District 3 Male) Urchin (District 4 Male) Marina (District 4 Female) Cinder / 'Foxface' (District 5 Female) Lacey (District 8 Female) Rammy (District 10 Male) Thresh (District 11 Male) Rue (District 11 Female) Peeta (District 12 Male) Katniss (District 12 Female) THE FALLEN 15th- Jason ( District 6 Male ) – Tripped and slashed to death with a scythe by Cato. 16th- Nettle ( District 7 Female ) - Speared in the heart with a spear by Marvel 17th- Sparky ( District 5 Male ) - Pinned to a crate and stabbed in the abdomen with a knife by Glimmer. 18th- Sickle (District 9 Female) – Knife to the lung by Clove. 19th- Wood (District 7 Male) – Slashed in the throat with a crescent sword by Thresh 20th- Mill er (District 9 Male) – Knife thrown into back by Clove 21st- Tamora (District 6 Female) – Stabbed with a knife by Glimmer 22nd- Gadget ( District 3 Female ) – Slashed in the forehead with a sickle by Sparky. 23rd- Sable ( District 10 Female ) – Skull hit with an axe by Cato. 24th- Callico ( District 8 Male ) - Stabbed with a kukri by Marvel. All names above, except Jason, are not official and just my own ideas. No matter how minor, all people of Panem have a name. According to her actress, the name of the District 4 Female is indeed Marina. Apparently the District 6 girl is known as Tamora. Some deaths are also unknown, so I made some up. :)