pain stops. The fire stops. The singing stops. Everything stops. forest She kisses Beetee only once. It's after her victory speech in Seven, after she delivers her lukewarm speech to a lukewarm crowd. They don't care about her; she didn't kill their children, she didn't do anything except kill the killer. Sure, their children could be standing instead of her, but the District is enured to loss, enured to losing. They don't even mind when she and Beetee slip away to the forest, leaving Mars Something Something to thank Seven for their sacrifice and dine with the mayor. It's something he's good at, eating and lying. Someone offers to show them the forest, and Wiress nods, dragging Beetee along with her. She needed to get out. Out of the town, out of the District, out of Panem, – hell – out of the world. They walk past the town gate, nodding to the Peacekeeper who doesn't blink an eye. With the presence of two Victors, one can probably bend rules, Wiress notes. They wander along the beaten path into the dense forest, and in the setting sun, she gasps. The forest is a beauty no camera can capture. The trees are giants from long ago, a time much simpler without Games and the Capitol, just freedom, and birds nest in the swaying arms of these giants, singing songs no human can understand but still treasure. In the distance, Wiress hears a bubbling creek and she can almost picture the fish jumping in the cold water. This is paradise. Wiress tilts her head to the forest, and their guide nods. "Just don't go too far." In silence, she and Beetee stroll deeper into the heart of the forest, into the past. "District Seven is so lucky," she whispers to no one and everyone at the same time. "Why?" Beetee asks, easing himself onto a rock. "They have a forest." Wiress sighs. "I wish Three had this." "Yeah," Beetee agrees and stares at her. The way her brown hair blazes in the setting sun, like a fire. She looks like a goddess in the forest, with her green dress and twinkling eyes. As a silence settles between, he leans toward her, and she toward him. Their lips meet. It's awkward at first then beautiful. Wiresss' heart jumps into her chest, a tidal wave of emotions crashing down on her. His hand presses against her back, and hers cradles his neck. A warm emotion expands and settles in Wiress' stomach, drowning out the other million. It's something that embodies warm cookies and huddling around the heater and smiling at family. It licks at her stomach and spreads to her whole body until she's on fire with this emotion, not like pain but love. She glows with it. They stay like that for an eternity, lips locked together, bodies close, until she has to breathe. Pulling away, a blush heats up her cheeks and a smile grows, one she can't control. They meet each other's eyes but don't say anything. They don't need to because his hand is warm in hers and she tucks the kiss in the folds of her heart until nothing can erase it. sand ii The day Wiress dies, Beetee can't sleep. He watches the stars, foolishly hoping that she's up there, but he knows better. There's only this life, no second chances. The stars watch him from millions of light years away. Lonely in the vast emptiness of space. He tires of counting the stars, so the rest of the night he convinces himself the tears on his face are saltwater and the guilt in his heart isn't there and Wiress died for a good cause. She died for the rebellion. But Beetee isn't so sure if the rebellion is as bright without her smiling face. forest ii "Beetee?" Wiress asks, nudging open the door to his bedroom. It's been many years since they last mentored together, and 10 or 15 years since the kiss. But their friendship is still firm. "Beetee, are you in there?" Beetee lets out a grunt, and Wiress tiptoes inside, noting the mess. Computers half dissected, notebooks tossed over the floor, plans drawn in red ink, a complex system of computers ruling the big desk that stretches from one wall to the other. Wiress almost trips on the stack of books but catches herself. After dancing around the mess, she gently easing herself into a velvet chair and continues, rash from the five drinks she's drunk. "I was wondering, are you ever going to get married?" She still treasures the kiss in the folds of her heart daily, polishing the memory until it shines like gold. And, although her youth has faded, her admiration for Beetee hasn't. And, though she wouldn't say it, she loves him – just a little. Beetee spins around from his desk, and she stares at the premature wrinkles in his skin and heavy eye bags. "I don't know. Probably not. It's just- the rebellion is my love. It's worth so much to me... I have no time for love." Wiress heart deflates at this, but with a small struggle, she keeps her face neutral. "Ohh," she says, "yes the rebellion." Beetee nods, his eyes sparkling at the thought of such a thing. "Imagine, Wiress, a world with no Games, no Capitol. A world with freedom. A world worth dying for." "Yes," Wiress agrees. A small part of her sparks at the mention of freedom, probably due to her slurred speech, she argues, "but love can provide freedom." Beetee chuckles at that. "I don't know about that." Wiress swallows the disappointment welling up from her gut. She forces on a smile and quietly excuses herself, stumbling over the books and screwdrivers. As the door clicks, Wiress slips some more into the infinite pit of insanity. Beetee's hand doesn't catch her this time; she's falling. a/n2: sorry you had to read that, and if you felt any emotion whatsoever, please review!