much too big for their age. His small face is drenched with sweat, and I see he's barely holding back tears as he pushes away the dark hair from his golden-brown eyes. I remember what I told him before we left the house. I told him, clear and simple, that he must not cry if he gets picked. Keep on a calm face. I told him I loved him. Not much words were needed, because he's a smart boy and knows the message behind them. As if Olive were thinking the same as I was, he juts out his chin defensively, blinks back the coming tears, and wipes his face of emotions as he waits. I tear my eyes away from Olive, looking for another familiar face. I spot my mother and father with Rosemary, holding hands, and crying. Except for Rosemary. While my parents are standing there, sorrow plastered on their faces and tears streaming down their cheeks, Rosemary hasn't shed a tear. She is being strong. She is being strong for me. The twins, Lavender and Willow, are crying softly in each others arms. Their bonds are stronger than twins, they are one part of a whole. I didn't need to comfort them, because I know they aren't crying for themselves. They are crying for Rue. There is no way I can persuade them that Rue is okay. Because she isn't. Not until the Capitol comes down, anyway. I look up, startled, as I realize that the Mayor has started reading out the annual story. Its all nonsense about how the Capitol was our savior and rescued us from destroying ourselves and all that. All I'm truly worried about is the reaping. Because the moment your name is pulled out of the reaping ball, you know you have a one out of twenty-four percent chance that you'll come out of that arena alive. The Mayor has finished reading, and is introducing the mentors, Isilee Malianna and Erudanus Danour, and the plump and curvy escort with her frilly dresses and adorned hair, Lovage Daisidy. Isilee is a pretty and thoughtful-looking lady in her twenties, with sharp chocolate brown eyes and curly dark hair that falls down to the middle of her back. Erudanus, the monstrous boy with the black eyes like dark pits, is leaning casually on his chair, his eyes glinting murderously, looking all superior with that cocky smile on his face. He couldn't be more than nineteen. "Well, get on with it." Erudanus says in his deep, rough voice, smirking. I decided I hated him. "Okay! Happy Hunger Games, everyone! May the odds be-" started Lovage. "Yeah, yeah. May the odds be ever in your favor. Just to let you know, whoever I'm gonna mentor has the odds entirely in their favor. So start with the boy tribute first." Erudanus interrupted, gesturing towards the giant glass ball that held all the names of all the boys aged 12-18 in District 11. Isilee shot him a look, saying, stop being so arrogant. Erudanus just smirked at her, like he couldn't care less because he thinks that Isilee is beneath him. "Okay. Okay. So. Yes. Boy's first then..." Lovage spluttered, her cheeks a bright pink with embarrassment. She hitched her skirt up and walked toward the reaping ball on those ridiculous high heeled shoes. She then waved her hand over the ball dramatically, and plunged her hand in. She pulled out a slip of parchment as I prayed that it wasn't Olive. Please don't be Olive. Please, please. Please. He's only twelve. Lovage cleared her voice for effect then pompously read out, "Ryde Arvolor" I let out a sigh of relief, as did most of the audience in 11. It wasn't Olive. I could see him in the crowd, relief obviously the prime emotion on his face. He was looking around, trying to find me, I guess, but he was not tall enough to see over the heads of his towering companions. I turned my head back to the screen, where a boy about seventeen years old was starring. I almost gasped. He is as tall as Erudanus, and about as muscular. White scars crossed his arms and his face was obscured by a fresh cut that started from his left ear across his face to the right corner of his mouth. His split lips where tilted into an aloof yet conceited smirk, as if even he wasn't picked he would've volunteered anyway. He had the sort of look that made you sure he would kill you in a second if he felt like it. He looked like he had just been into battle, and won. I'd bet any money that he was a career. Erudanus passed his eyes over Ryde, evaluating him, then looking smug, said, "Well, then. I don't think I could've gotten a better tribute. Better start thinking what you're gonna do with all that money when you win." Ryde laughed. I decided I hated that Ryde Arvolor, too. "Okay. Time for the girls." Lovage announced before clasping her hands together. Oh, no. Please don't be Lavender. Please don't be Willow. Lavender, Willow. Lavender, Willow. She dipped her hand in. Lavender, Willow. Pulled out a piece of parchment. Lavender, Willow. And read out a name. "Laurel Arendell". I slowly breathed out, thankful that it wasn't Lavender, or Willow. I don't what I would've done if it was. I search out their faces, but find that their faces aren't full of joy. They are shocked, the eyes lined with pain and sorrow. I wonder why. "Laurel Arendell, please come out!" Lovage says again, louder. What is Laurel Arendell waiting for? Her picture will show on the screen and the peacekeepers will come and get her if she doesn't move, quick. It's a bit weird that Laurel Arendell's name sounds familiar. As if...as if...it was my name in a funny Capitol accent. My eyes find Rosemary. She is staring back. I understand. Lovage is calling out my name.