Her legs where kicking in the air over the steep, rocky gorge. It must have been at least a 20 foot drop. "First, they hold their breath as long as they can" He swung her a little bit eliciting a loud cry from the helpless tribute. "Then, their body goes frantic from loss of oxygen." He swung her lightly again, laughing at her fear. "And finally, their brain forces them to breath in water. It's said to be the most painful way to die. As their lungs fill up with water they sink down and watch the light fade from the surface." Katniss decided in that moment that she was a dead woman. She decided that Cato was going to throw her into that gorge and she would drown. However, in that split, terrifying second she decided that she could take him down with her. She said a silent sorry to her sister Prim, and her mother, and Gale. And lastly, Peeta. Who did not deserve to die for her. Cato swung Katniss a final time, he had intended to let her down after this final swing and figure out how he was really going to kill her. He never truly intended to drop her into that gorge. But, when Cato swung her a final time, Katniss used the remainder of her strength to pull Cato towards her as hard as she could. He did not anticipate her move, and he toppled over the edge with her. They went plunging down into the rapids. Katniss was thrown against a sharp, jagged rock. Both of the tributes were dragged down by the heavy waves. The entire world went black for Cato and Katniss. ... ... Thank you all for reading! Please write in the comments what you think of the new version! Question 1: Do you like this version better than the original. If so, why? Story/character analysis: One of the main things I focused on while writing this chapter was Cato. I felt in the original version it wasn't descriptive enough for the opening of a story. I really wanted to delve deep into Cato's mind and focus on how he would react to the world around/his inner monologue. In this version Cato is more calculating. He is constantly thinking/observing the world around him and I equated that with his career training (Question 2: Would you be interested in me writing more about how I think his career training happened/what it was like?) But, although Cato is very observant and planning, one of his major faults is that he tends to imagine different scenarios in his head; he likes thinking about what could happen rather than what is happening. I also tried to make him more prejudice and give him more of a superiority complex. I figured that people in his district looked down upon the more poorer districts and felt that they were superior to them (which is why Cato refers to district 12 as a "slum"). I also feel like he would have been trained and conditioned to think that he was better than others to help him learn how to kill and not feel bad about it. One thing that bothered me about the original story was that Cato quite literally just stumbled upon Katniss and Peeta. He was just walking along and happened to see them. I didn't think that was as realistic as the idea that he heard them and followed the noises to their spot. I also very much expanded on Cato's fascination with Katniss. I think because he looks down on the poorer districts so much, Cato couldn't understand how Katniss received a score of 11 and how she escaped his clutches. That made him both frustrated and interested in her. He truly believes that people from district 12 are unintelligent, worthless garbage, yet she somehow managed to outsmart him. Another thing I changed from the previous version was Peeta. Peeta has never really been a major part of this story. Mostly because I am not a big fan of him. I think that he latched onto Katniss unfairly and dragged her down in the games(Question 3: Do you want me to write more about Peeta? His backstory, his relationship to Katniss etc?). Regardless I wanted to play on the idea that Cato was somewhat jealous (although he would never admit it) that she chose Peeta, someone he saw as weak and therefore not what a man should be, over him. I would imagine that Cato is used to girls treated him the way Glimmer did: gawking at him, worshipping him, treating him as superior. Katniss kept her dignity about her even up until she thought she was going to die, that's another thing that frustrated Cato. He deemed himself perfect, yet Katniss never bent to his will. Finally, I changed the way that the two tributes went over the gorge. Something that bothered me about the original version was how Katniss reacted to Peeta's death. In the original, she chose death over living with the fact that Peeta was dead. I just didn't think this was realistic especially because the entire reason that Katniss was in the games was to save her sister Prim. She vowed to win the games so she could go back to her and I didn't think Katniss would throw that all away willingly. The only reason that she chose "death" in this version is because she thought that Cato was going to kill her, and in her mind if she was already going to die, she should at least take the monster with her. I think in this version Katniss is more brave and noble. She isn't "killing" Cato over some guy, she's "killing" Cato because it's what she thinks is right. Please let me know what you guys think of the changes/new version of the story in the comments! I hope you enjoyed reading! Please standby a couple more days while I write the 2nd chapter!