cleared her throat, hoping to clear her mind as well. "Yea, you did. You'll just have to buy me a new one." The young man said, smirking. "Okay, I guess I could find a Walmart and buy you a whole new pack for like, what? Five bucks?" Katniss said. He chuckled, "I might take you up on that offer. I'm Peeta, Annie tried to introduce us earlier but I was on the phone. I felt rude that I didn't properly introduce myself," He said, sticking his hand out to shake, "Would you like to dance?" Katniss pushed her hair out of her face, "Actually, I would like a new drink; one that isn't all over the floor." She said turning back to the bar and ordering another drink. "Well at least let me buy it for you," Peeta said catching the bartender's attention and giving him $20 for Katniss' drink. Peeta Peeta wasn't much of a drinker, especially if he knew he was driving home that night. So he wasn't quite sure why he had agreed to go out to the club at all. But once he seen her, he couldn't help but be interested. He debated going up to even say hi. And when he finally did, it resulted in a ruined shirt. The two talked for a while. Peeta didn't learn too much about her personal life. They talked about music and drinks, mainly whichever one Katniss was drinking at the time. Peeta's phone buzzed in his pocket. "Hey Katniss, hold that thought. I really have to take this." Peeta said, while checking the caller ID. Damn, Peeta thought as he headed to a corner to take his call. He watched as Katniss drowned another beer and headed towards the dance floor. Katniss swayed her hips around as she connected her drunk, sultry gaze with Peeta's across the room. Her look clearly said, I want you . Peeta's whole body felt warm as he tried to focus himself back to the conversation he was having with Delly. "Uh, yes Delly, the key on the first hook locks up the kitchen area. Yea, no problem, no it's not too late, I understand. Anytime.." Peeta mumbled, still staring at Katniss. He actually liked this girls personality, besides the excessive drinking. She was blunt but had kind eyes. Peeta stared down at his ice water. Should I find Annie and ask who's taking Katniss home? Peeta thought. Even though he had just met her, he felt as if he had to protect her. "Nooo, I don't want to dance. You smell like taco meat." Peeta heard Katniss' sluggish voice yelling at someone on the dance floor. Peeta was there in seconds, a group of young guys were tugging at Katniss' hips, trying to get her to come with them. "Hey. You heard her. She said no." Peeta said in a booming voice that carried even over the music. "Come on Katniss," Peeta felt a burning rage build up in his chest as he stared down the men in front of him. Hurting them, does nothing. She's safe, leave. Peeta shook his head and gently pulled Katniss away from the men who were all too stunned to say anything back. He grabbed his water from the table, and brung Katniss outside. He had to get his mind off of that scene back there. He walked back to his car practically carrying Katniss alongside him. Peeta had experience with this since Johanna drunk more than every college frat boy that Peeta ever knew. After settling Katniss, Peeta quickly got in the driver's side. "Katniss, drink this. And don't throw up please." Peeta tried to hand her the water but it was no use, she was obviously an angry drunk. Okay, what now Peeta? Purse. Find her wallet, drive her home. Peeta thought, sighing to himself when he finds Katniss' hands empty. "Katniss, sweetie, can you tell me how to get to your house?" Peeta said "Peeeta, don leave me alone tonight." Katniss purred leaning into Peeta's ear. Peeta swallowed as tremors ran through his body. She smelt like beer and, oddly enough, swedish fish candies. "Okay Katniss," Peeta whispered as he shook his head and pulled out of the club's parking lot. Madge For once in her entire life, Madge felt free. Not like a physical freedom, but a mental one. Madge didn't drink, so anxiety usually kicked in when she was in settings like this one. But not tonight. She had been with Rue for almost the entire night and had never felt more comfortable, not even with Katniss. Madge looked up to find her new companion already staring at her. Madge felt her cheeks heat up at the girls intense gaze. If Madge didn't know any better she would have thought that Rue had been checking her out. Don't be silly, Madge thought. Rue is your friend. But Madge couldn't stop her entire body from heating up when the girl came forward to wrap her arm around Madge's waist. "You okay?" Rue whispered in the Madge's ear, sending a surprising chill down her spine. "Yea, I'm fine Rue. I think I'm just getting tired, that's all." Madge said, trying to keep her voice from shaking from Rue's touch on her waist. What was wrong with her tonight? It's just the alcohol, Madge thought to herself. "Do you know where Katniss ran off to? I still have her phone and wallet in my purse." "No I don't, maybe she's with Gale." Rue said, worry clearly coloring her tone. If there was anyone who kept up with Katniss' life more than Katniss herself, it was Gale. Remembering that Gale would never let Katniss out of her sight, help let some tension out of Madge. "Hey Madge you look a little tense, let's get out of here. Let's go grab a bite to eat." Rue said tightening her grip on the girl's waist as she led her out the club to hail a Taxi.