was too scared to look at them, but I could just tell they were mutts. No wild animal I had ever encountered had had that much force. I found heading towards the Cornucopia. Of course , they would want to draw us out in the open. I found energy I didn't know I had and climbed up on top of the Cornucopia. I was greeted by Tom. He was sitting up there calmly twirling a scythe. Neither of us noticed the boy from 2 until he had his knife around Tom. Tom was quick though, and he drove the curved end of his scythe into the tribute's gut and pushed him off the structure. I made a choked noise. That was unexpected. "Wow." "All of you underestimated me. You all thought that I was gangly, useless waste of time. My own mother expected me to die. Well this waste of time has made it pretty far, hasn't he?" "Tom…" I took a step away from him tentatively. "Don't Tom me. You're not my friend! You don't know me! Nobody gives a shit about me. None of my brothers volunteered for me, even though some of them probably could have actually done well. But I've made it this far, don't think I'm just gonna lay down my weapons and let you win." I nodded. "So how do you wanna do this?" His blond eyebrows furrowed. Tom threw his weapon off the Cornucopia. "Hand-to-hand. We'll do this like real men… or real women in your case." I was surprised by the pure amount of hatred in his voice. I knew one of us was going to die, but the attitude I had gotten from some of the other tributes was almost reluctance. I had known a few girls back in Twelve who had liked to tease me. But petty teenage drama had nothing on this. What had I ever done to him? I realized he had just told me. It wasn't something I had done, per se. He simply wanted to prove himself. And I could get that. I understood what it was like to not be taken seriously. I reluctantly put down my bow and took my sheath of arrows off my shoulder. The knife was still tucked into a pocket in my coat, and I pretended to not notice it. I sighed. "Deal." He took the first swing. His hand barely grazed my jaw, and I exhaled loudly. We each got a few punches in. He ended up doing something to my right arm that words can't describe. It felt like it wasn't even attached to my torso anymore, and when I moved it, it felt like fire. I knew that I was going to lose. I kicked him in between the legs. It wasn't elegant or fair, really. It was what it was. He crumpled to the ground. I guess Gale wasn't exaggerating when he said how much that hurt. I took the knife from my pocket using my left hand, and drove it through his heart. The cannon went off. I closed his eyelids with my fingers. "Sorry, Tom." I really was. The first thing I noticed when I woke up was that my hair was down. The last thing I remembered was seeing the helicraft appear above my head. But here I am, in my bed in the Training Center, scrubbed clean of all the dirt and dried blood. My arm feels better, but the pain is definitely still there. It's nothing I can't deal with. All the memories of the past week come rushing back to me. I feel like I can't catch my breath. I might as well be running from those flames or have a knife on my throat. My leg is completely healed. Capitol doctors made new skin to replace the huge patch of my leg that would have been forever scarred. My arm had to be "popped back in". I don't know that that really means, and I'm not sure that I want to. Medical things and injuries in general make me squeamish. I never had the stomach for it like my mother or sister. The door swings open. My first instinct is to grab some type of weapon. "Whoa, whoa, whoa," Haymitch puts his hands up. "Nobody's gonna hurt you, Sweetheart." Haymitch sits down on the corner of my bed. I prop up a pillow behind me and pull the blanket over my chest. I didn't notice that I was completely nude until Haymitch walked in. "How long was I asleep?" "Just a little over three hours. They have medicine that helps you recover in no time, so you don't need to make up on all of the lost sleep." I have a feeling in the pit of my stomach that something is seriously wrong. "What now?" "We're going to have dinner in a few hours and then you'll have to get ready for your interview with Caesar. Effie has the exact schedule but I didn't think you cared about it that much." He misunderstands me. "I don't mean for the rest of the day. I mean for the rest of, well, my life." I don't have any more school to attend, and I'll have so much money that I'll never need a job ever. What will I do to pass the time all day? He exhales and pushes the call button. An avox shows up a few seconds later. "Uh, get me something strong on ice. And a vodka soda for her," Haymitch orders. She nods and scampers off. I'm about to protest but Haymitch doesn't let me get a word in. "I'm going to explain everything, and I don't want you to cut me off until I'm done. Save all the questions for the end, okay? And believe me sweetheart, you're gonna need a drink for this." A/N: Hope you like it so far! All constructive criticism is appreciated! And as always, feel free to shoot me a PM.