she would throw a knife with that suck grace that it was a silver blur. Before burying it in the chest, then the silver blur was a red spill. Focus. The Hunter charged. He held his sword, but in his right hand there was a jewel encrusted knife. The one the Knife favored. (The Hunter knew how to throw knives, 10 years at the Academy didn't just change him into a monster, he learned to master lots of weapons there). In one fluid motion he had wound up and let the knife fly. It was a silver blur. . The knife knocked the breath out of the Fire. She only felt as if she had been impaled and she was. A silver knife with a sapphire on the handle was sticking out of her chest. And the pain! She had never had felt much pain in her life. The pain of knowing she failed had exceeded the pain of the knife. Breathing hard, the Fire knew that the cameras were on her. "Prim," she gasped, "stay strong. I love you. . . Gale. . . Take care. . . Of my family. . . Mom. Prim. Gale. I'm so sorry. . . I. . . Love. . . You." And with that the Fire grabbed the silver knife, and pulled it out. And with that the Fire was quenched. She never started an Inferno. . The Hunter knew he had failed when the arrow went clean through his eye. He wasn't dead yet—he realized while lying on the ground—but the pain was awful. It was like he was being burned alive. He knew he had failed, he knew he had failed his family, his District, his nation, his love. As if being called the Knife appeared and started walking to him. Her raven colored hair was not in its dying position of a tangled mess, but was now a smooth curtain of ebony. Of darkness. Her gold flecks danced in her green eyes. He could feel her smooth muscles when he was gathered into a hug, and her lips weren't chapped when he kissed them. She pulled him up from the ground—his soul splitting from his body—and they soon walked away from the pale monster who has being lifted up by the hovercraft. His soul finally free. And he got his wish, he got to kiss those pick lips one more time. . The Fox jumped when the trumpets rang. She had watched the whole scene from below, the monster who had died, and the fire who was quenched. She was nervous when she was being picked up from the hovercraft. Then she began laughing. She won! Against all odds had she beaten the two competitors. She had defied the Capital, she had become a Victor without killing. She had won. Cunningness was a foxes best friend. It had let the Fox win. . Around Panem there was different reactions. In the Capital there was shocked gasps and bets cashed in. There were discarding of fire dress and fox eared hairstyles quickly done. There were joy for the people who bet on the Fox, and annoyance as people gave up their precious credits to the District Five betters. It was all shallow emotions of happiness and disappointment. It was all just a Game, right? . In District Two there were cries of anger and hastily snuffed cries. There were training cadets learning all the tactics of this year's new Victor. Studies of cunningness and slowly shaking heads. They've lost a monster, but they had more. Because it was just a game. . In District Five there was shouts of joy and cries of pure happiness. They had brought one home! There were dances in the city square and fathers playing fiddles. There were bonfires and dancing and festivities. One family was crying out of pure joy and relief and one family tried not to hold hatred that a child came home that wasn't theirs. They all bury the worries of next year under the singing and drinking. It may have been a game but it was a cruel one. . In District Twelve the was sadness. The hollowed eyed children and adults had such an alien feeling during these games. Hope. Hope that they would bring home one Victor. Hope she wasn't coming home in a wooden box. But that hope was crushed. There was sobs and shouts of anger at life. There was a boy sneaking off to the woods to cry alone and a girl who couldn't stop letting the tears flow. There was a mother who was a waking corpse. There was a District that didn't forget the Fire's last words. Because they all knew it wasn't a game. . And in a gray clad kingdom there was sobs. Because they knew the Inferno would never be light , they knew it was unless. There were heads rested on shoulders and tear streaks. There was mothers gathering children into hugs and lies told about hope. There was hope sucked out of the air. Hope may be strong than fear, but it is easier to crush. Because it wasn't a game, it was a tool. . The president reclined on his sofa. He stared out the foxfaced girl, the one who defied death one too many times. He signed, the world was so hard out there. But he was glad this year's Game ended well, because after all it was just a game. After all there are much worse games to play. . "As a reminder to the rebels that their rash actions caused destruction of their land as well as their families, one one child will be Reaped, but his or her parent will go in with them. And there will only be one Victor." . The Fire never started a spark. The Baker never lived. Panem never had a second rebellion. The Games never ended. All because one foxfaced tribute didn't eat a dark blue berry.