is," Brutus agrees. "She may have been a victor a long, long time ago, but not now." Finnick, however, wants his alliance to go in a different route. "We're sticking to the plan, and voting off one of the Careers," he tells his alliance of Beetee, Wiress, Mags and Johanna. Johanna looks on with annoyance, rolling her eyes. "We can't let anything get us off our task," he adds. "I can't have Mags go or my alliance is doomed," Finnick says. "Even if Mags was awful in that challenge, I need to keep her around. I hope Johanna can see that." Tribal Council (Victors) The nine Victors Tribe members walk into the Tribal Council area, where they find torches waiting for them, as well as Caesar Flickerman standing near a fire. "Each of you grab a torch and dip it in the fire," Caesar states. "This is part of the ritual of Tribal Council. In this game, fire represents your life. Once it is gone, so are you." The players obey Caesar and then place their torches in their designated places before taking their seats. "Let's talk about this game in general," Caesar says. "While the other tribe had no idea what was going on, you had somewhat of a hint that this was going to be different, didn't you?" "I knew it all along!" Johanna exclaims. "I had it figured out from the very start. There's nothing that gets past me!" "So in a sense, you had an advantage over the Tributes, but you squandered it." "That's not my fault! That's the fault of that old woman Hags… I mean, Mags." The Careers have a chuckle at Johanna's remark. "So, is there a bit of division in this tribe?" "I would say so," Finnick states. "I think the Careers are off trying to do their own thing, and they're splitting up this tribe." "I think otherwise," Enobaria breaks in. "It's my opinion that Finnick has aligned himself with the old woman and the annoying girl, and we're just trying to win here." "But how can you win if you are split like this?" Caesar wonders. "It doesn't look like you are working together very well." "That may be your perception, but I think we are getting along just fine," Beetee states. "What about this failure in the challenge, Mags?" Caesar asks. "If you failed your tribe, shouldn't you go home first?" "If that's the way they feel, then that's the way it goes," Mags replies. "I can't do anything about their opinion." "Okay, we'll see what the opinion of this tribe is, as it is time to vote. Beetee, you're up first." The Capitol Anthem "Horn of Plenty" plays as the players go to vote. Beetee goes to vote. Brutus goes to vote. Cashmere goes to vote. Enobaria goes to vote. "Mags, you proved it to everyone that you don't deserve to be here," Enobaria says. Finnick goes to vote. "I'm voting for you, Enobaria, because I want this tribe to stay united, and you and your Career friends are splitting us up," Finnick says. Gloss goes to vote. Johanna goes to vote. Mags goes to vote. Wiress goes to vote. "I'll go tally the votes," Caesar states. Caesar gathers the votes, rearranges them, then returns to the players. "Once the votes are read, the decision is final, and the person voted out will be taken away by a hovercraft immediately," Caesar tells the players. "I'll read the votes." He pulls out the first vote. "Mags." He takes out the second vote. "Enobaria." Enobaria looks on with annoyance. "Enobaria." Enobaria glares over at Finnick. "Mags." Mags gives no response. "Mags. Three votes Mags, two votes Enobaria." Caesar pulls out the next vote. "Mags. That's four votes Mags, two votes Enobaria." Caesar takes out the next vote and opens it slowly. "Enobaria." Enobaria gives Beetee an angry glare. "Enobaria. We're tied, four votes Mags, four votes Enobaria, one vote left." Caesar pulls out the final vote and opens it extremely slowly. "The first person voted out of Survivor: Panem…" All the players look on with wonder as Caesar opens the vote. "… Mags." Mags does not give much of a response, while Finnick angrily glares over at Johanna. "Mags, you need to bring me your torch." Mags gets up slowly, takes her torch, and brings it over to Caesar. "Mags, the tribe has spoken," Caesar states as he snuffs out her torch. Suddenly a cannon fires, and a hovercraft comes floating in to take Mags away. "Only three days in, and this is clearly, a tribe divided," Caesar states. "Grab your torches, head back to camp, good night." The players take their torches and walk back toward their camp. "I guess I'm just not meant for competition any longer," Mags says. "I'm lucky we weren't out there playing to the death, or I would have been a goner. The game has passed me by." Who voted for whom: Beetee – Enobaria Brutus – Mags Cashmere – Mags Enobaria – Mags Finnick – Enobaria Gloss – Mags Johanna – Mags Mags – Enobaria Wiress – Enobaria Scenes from our next episode: Clove mingles with the District 12 Tributes, but only for her own benefit: "What's this? A Career talking to us lowly people from District 12?" Peeta jokes. "Be quiet and listen to me," Clove snaps. "I want to end this Cato and Glimmer thing before it buds into anything else." Johanna finds something that may prove to be game-changing: " 'This is an immunity mockingjay pin," she reads. "Use it before the votes are read at any Tribal Council to cancel out all votes against you. You may use it yourself or give it to anyone else.' " And the fate of a player's game may rest on the color of a rock: "There's no way I'm risking my life in this game on the color of a rock," Johanna says. "Finnick is crazy if he thinks I'm doing that."