they were in the same Art Class together. "What are we talking about?" She paused. "Let me guess, The Hunger Games?" "No, actually," Madge said smugly. "Then what?" "Peeta Mellark." Delly's eyebrows dipped. "Who?" Katniss scowled. "It doesn't matter," she said. There was a part of her that wanted to keep the knowledge of how genuine Peeta was close to her chest, but she knew Madge was going to blurt it out. In three, two, one . . . "Remember Bridge to Terabithia?" Madge asked. Delly nodded. "He was Jesse." Delly's face lit up. "Oh, him !" she said. "God, he was hot in that film. Such a shame he was so much older. That was made in, what? 2007? We were only eight then. Then again, an older man has more experience . . ." She trailed off, a dirty smirk gracing her features. Delly was infamous for her dirty mind. She liked to make Madge and Katniss uncomfortable, claiming that they were too innocent to be thirteen years old. Katniss picked at her lettuce irritably. She had done the math late the previous night. She had been born in 1998. Peeta was born in 1992. That put exactly six years between them. The number six had suddenly felt like a larger number than it really was. Compared to the obsessive crush she had had before Peeta, six was nothing, but something about this time around told her that it wasn't the same as having a school-girl attraction to a forty odd man from Doctor Who. "Don't forget he's from the Capitol," Madge added through a mouthful of bread. "Why would he fall for someone from 12?" "Who said anything about falling for anyone?!" Katniss snapped. Delly and Madge looked at her as if she were mad. "Whoa, calm down crazy chick," Delly said. "However, I would very much like to watch this 'Hunger Games' when the DVD comes out." "Well, it comes out at the end of the week." A fact Katniss was very excited about. Madge gave her an annoyed look. A week prior, Katniss had found a pirated version of the film on Youtube and had avidly watched it in her bedroom until 11:00pm. She had tried to tell Madge that it was on but her friend refused to watch, claiming that she was going to watch it properly when it came out. "When I have you guys over next week, bring it with you," Delly instructed. Katniss and Madge nodded like the trained puppies they were. "Okay Delly." ~xXx~ "Because she came here with me." "Shut UP!" Delly yelled for thousandth time, pushing Katniss into Madge, who fell off the end of the bed with a yelp. Both of them kept quoting the movie along with the actors, which was getting on Delly's nerves to a large extent. "Madge, are you okay?!" "Yup," Madge said. "Just gonna . . . chill down here for a bit." Katniss decided to cover her mouth with her hand to keep herself quiet through the rest of the movie. Her heart did that strange butterfly flutter when Peeta was onscreen and she fought not to blush. She didn't even know this guy and he had a strange affect on her. She fell in love with the way he portrayed Josh and knew that no one could have done it any better. She had also found herself hating Gale's guts but she guessed it was maybe because Liam was Josh's rival love interest. Who would ship Jennifer with Liam anyway? Her and Josh were obviously perfect for each other. As soon as the movie ended, Delly ejected the DVD and declared, "He's mine." Madge sat up slowly with a frown. "What?" she asked. "Peeta," Delly said. "He's mine." Katniss scowled. "You can't say that," she said. "You can't just claim someone like that." Delly smiled. "Watch me!" Katniss was horrified. She didn't know why. Delly obviously didn't own Peeta, the guy didn't even know any of them even existed, but the thought of Delly believing that she held ownership over him irked her. "You can't do that!" she protested. "I liked him first," Delly said, as if this were obvious. "Since when? You didn't even know his name!" Madge sat quietly while they argued, not bothering to interject. Katniss guessed it was probably because she didn't have anything to contribute. She didn't like Peeta the way Katniss did. As far as she was aware anyway. "I liked him in Bridge to Terabithia," Delly said smugly. "When did you start Katniss? When the casting list for the Hunger Games went up?" "No," Katniss lied. She didn't want Delly to know that it was even later than that. "I started liking him in . . . Little Manhatten!" "Bullshit Everdeen," Delly replied. "How come you've never mentioned it before?" "Because . . ." Katniss fought for words. She didn't know why she was fighting so hard to prove Delly wrong. She just felt very frustrated at the idea of Delly ever having ownership over Peeta. An actor . . . who she didn't even know . . . Why did she care so much? Delly took her silence as answer enough and went on to babble about what she would do if she was in Jennifer's position when she was washing Josh by the river. And it didn't include any washing what-so-ever. Katniss didn't speak again for a long time. Who was this irritated, defensive girl and were had she came from? And the bigger question being, how much longer was she going to stay? A/N: I'm trying to provide a realistic insight into what life as a fangirl is really like, from personal experience and some of my friend's experiences as well. As for my other Everlark fanfics, a few of them are on hiatus due to writer's block: Hold On to Me; Bloodlust; Chained Hearts; and A Never ending Routine called Love. Please R&R with your thoughts on fangirl!Katniss ^_^