don't want to go," he said. Peeta stepped back, out of Cato's arms, and said, "I'm sorry." He walked away, trying to bite back tears. "Peeta!" Cato called after him. Peeta shook his head and ignored him, walking out of the pub and back home. God, he hated himself. Day Five: "I don't understand. What went wrong?" Peeta shrugged. "I told him the truth," he said. "I just can't get close to someone right now. It's not far on him if I string him along with the belief that something can happen between us." Madge sighed, putting her book down on the bakery window sill. "Peeta, you can't let David and Rye's deaths rule your life. It's not your fault," she said. "And neither is Wheat's addiction, might I add. No matter what your mother tells you. She's just trying to ruin your life because she's angry." "Yeah, and she has every right to be." "No, she doesn't! It wasn't your fault goddamn it!" Madge snapped. "Nothing you're ever going to say is going to convince me, you know that, right?" Peeta asked her. Madge grunted in frustration and swiped her book off the sill, the novel landing on the floor with a bang. "I give up!" she exclaimed. "You're not the Peeta I used to know!" Madge picked up her book and left the bakery angrily, slamming the door behind her. Peeta sighed, his eyes following his friend as she stormed across the road, before whispering, "He died a long time ago." Day Six: Peeta shouldered his bag, pushing through the doors of the college with a sigh. Madge didn't come to the bakery that morning, so he presumed their friendship was over. It was his fault, he knew it, but he couldn't move on so easily from the death of his father and Rye like people keep telling him to do. Even Madge, who he had always thought understood, had finally cracked. When he entered the college, he noticed people were running to the hall where the assemblies were normally held. Weird, there wasn't normally an assembly on a Monday. Peeta followed them, curious, and found that, once he reached the hall, it wasn't the college director talking to everyone. It was . . . Cato? "You see," Cato said to the crowd confidently, a microphone held to his lips so his voice boomed across the hall. "There's this boy. I only met him at the beginning of the week and yet I think I'm already smitten. The only problem is, he's very complex and hard to read. He has these mood swings that could give a pregnant woman a run for her money and you think he's thinking one thing but he's actually thinking another. And he says he doesn't want a relationship." A girl-Madge?!-came up behind him and asked, "Wait Cato, if he doesn't want a relationship, why don't you just leave him alone?" in a theatrical voice. Cato glanced up, his eyes locking with Peeta's. "Because I can't let him go," he said. "He's everything I've ever wanted. No . . . not wanted. Needed. He's beautiful, smart, he makes me laugh . . . and made me cry once." "Cry?" Madge asked, still with the theatrics. "When?" "Two nights ago, he shared something with me, something I should have considered before I tried making a move and it broke my heart," Cato explained. "There's this thing, something my friend Madge here tells me that you all treat him differently because of. And I don't mean to sound rude but you're all kind of a pack of dicks for doing that. "But I'm not going to talk about that. I'm just trying to say that I think I've fallen in love and it's only been one week. If a boy can make me fall in love within only six days then I'm going to try pretty damn hard to keep a hold of him. And I don't care about baggage, I've got enough of that myself. In fact, I think I'd make a pretty good bag carrier. If he'd let me, that is." Cato tried to smile weakly at Peeta and shrugged, "Will you let me, Peeta?" All eyes turned him and Peeta swallowed. He hadn't been aware that he was crying until now. And he quickly rubbed the tears away. He couldn't help smiling. "You see, Peeta," Cato said, jumping off the stage and walking towards him. "You're scared of losing me, like you've lost others. But what if I said that I'm not going anywhere? Now that you've found me, there's no getting rid of me?" He didn't know what he'd say . . . Cato stopped when he stood a couple of inches away from him. "Peeta, honestly, I'm not going anywhere," he said. "Cato, I don't know," Peeta said quietly. "But I do," Cato said. He cupped the younger boy's cheek and gazed at him intently. "All I wanted was to see those beautiful blue eyes." "Cato . . ." "I'm serious," Cato said. "I know times are tough but I can help you get through it, if you'll let me." "Everything's just so difficult right now," Peeta whispered. Cato smiled. "I know," he said. He leaned forward and kissed him. Peeta didn't hesitate before kissing him back, his eyes falling shut and his hands coming up to rest on his face. The kiss was everything it should be, warm and comforting. It send a chill down his spine. It promised that Cato was telling the truth, that he would never lie, and that he meant every single word. He vaguely heard clapping-probably from everyone in the hall-but it felt distant. When they parted, Cato pressed his forehead against Peeta's. "You know," Peeta whispered, "I don't kiss." Cato laughed. "I think we'll make it work." A/N: Cheesy? Yeah, I know. But I wanted to write something for Valentine's day that wasn't an 'M' and all this came out (: Please R&R!