as both were exposed to the relentless air of the room. Cato wished to touch every part of Peeta, his hands travelling over the boy's pale, silky skin. Peeta buried his face into the crook of Cato's neck, pressing careful, delirious kisses against his collarbone while his hands explored and rubbed his back. Cato sighed and held the young boy against his body, enjoying every second of being able to be so close to him. Their lips met in another hungry kiss as Cato lifted Peeta off the bed, lowering him onto his back on the mattress. Peeta opened his legs and wrapped them around Cato's waist, both releasing a shuddering gasp when their crotches met. Fuelled by lust and ecstasy, both pawed at each other and fed off one and another's moans and gasps. Peeta suddenly pulled away, taking Cato's face in his hands and murmuring, "How long have you felt this way?" Cato looked into Peeta eyes, searching them for a hint of amnesia or confusion. He found nothing. "I thought you couldn't remember anything . . ." "I was being sarcastic," Peeta said. He tightened his arms around Cato, holding him as close as humanly possible. Their hearts beat together, in sync, pumping the affection they felt for each other around their bodies, filling them like a drug. "I can't believe you've been hiding this from me." Peeta crushed their lips together, fisting Cato's hair in his hands. The older boy closed his eyes, not bothering to worry that Peeta had been pretending to not remember anything. All he needed right now was this moment. Cato yelped when Peeta rolled them around so he was on top. "I'm not top material, am I?" he said in a low voice that sent jitters up Cato's being. "I'll show you top material." Without warning, Peeta pushed into Cato. Both groaned in unsion as pleasure immediately shivered up their spines. Cato had never bottomed before and it felt a little strange but not unpleasant either. Peeta leaned forward and balanced his elbows on the pillow either side of Cato's head, focusing as hard as he could as he swivelled his hips and started thrusting in and out. Cato stretched up and licked the sweat off the younger boy's neck, making him falter and shudder. Ironically, the headboard started bumping against the wall the closer to their climaxes they got. Peeta's thrusting grew erratic and violent, his arms giving up near the end so he fell ontop of Cato's torso. Glad to have him closer, Cato wound his arms around Peeta and held him together as they moved against each other. "You should have told me," Peeta said through gritted teeth. "How could I have?" replied Cato. "I don't know," Peeta answered. "You should have just said. Because then I could have told you that I feel the exact same way." Cato took a gentle hold of Peeta's chin and lifted his head so they were looking into each other's eyes. His heart was beating impossibly fast because he couldn't believe this was happening. "You do?" Peeta nodded, face flushed. "I do." Both climaxed together, the moment so perfect nothing would ever be able to replicate it again. It was a moment of pure bliss, where they unravelled and were truly exposed for who they are. It wasn't like cumming after having a good fuck, it was reaching the peak after making love for the first time. They lay together after, a sweaty pile of tired limbs, not wanting it to ever end. "I've never done that before," Peeta admitted. "Marvel always topped." Cato stroked Peeta's hair, almost too lost in his own happiness to realize he had spoken. "You did really well," he said. "But if you don't mind, next time I'd rather top." Peeta smirked to himself. "You think there's going to be a next time?" he asked. Cato's heart sank a little. "Um, yeah?" he said. His room-mate laughed. Cato was horrified. Had this only been a one off? "I do too," Peeta finally said. Feeling relieved, Cato started to laugh too. "Why did you lie?" he asked. "You had me genuinely worried, you know." "Oh, yeah, I could tell. You were pretty quick to say that you were my boyfriend," Peeta teased. He propped himself up on his elbows and raised an eyebrow. "All those things you said, were they true? About when we met and the comb-over and our first date?" Cato shrugged sheepishly. "Would it be weird if I said yes?" "Even when I was dating Marvel?" "Especially when you were dating Marvel." A genuine smile crossed Peeta's face and he touched Cato's face gently. "You should have just said," he said. "You're saying it like it's easy." Peeta sighed and kissed Cato softly. Cato closed his eyes, unable to fully comprehend that he was actually kissing the boy he had had a crush on for three years now. "Well, you have me now," Peeta declared when he pulled away. The words brought a grin to Cato's face. "I guess I do," he said. "But there is a matter to attend to," Peeta said, sitting upright on the bed. "If I had actually lost my memory, you would have really been lying to me, which is unacceptable." Cato quirked an eyebrow. "Is it?" Peeta nodded. "I think you need to be punished," he purred. Cato laughed and tugged Peeta back down ontop of him, throwing the comforter over their heads so they were no longer exposed to the spying eyes of the four walls surrounding them. Things were going to be just fine. A/N: If you want a one-shot written, just PM me with an outline of the idea. I've came up with some questions I'd like to come with each request: Name of One shot: Synopsis: Rating: If Rating M, smut or no smut: Happy or sad ending: I'd love to hear from some of you guys and hear some of your ideas! (: