pulled his feet off the table and leaned forward, resting his elbows on the wood. "So, officer Hadley, what are you going to do with me?" "You're going to jail for a very long time," Cato answered. "Ah, is that it?" the thief pouted. "Is that all I get for being such a naughty boy ?" "Yeah, it is." Loverboy leaned so far forward that their noses brushed together. "You know, I didn't just get the nickname Loverboy for nothing," he purred. "I could rock your world, if you'd let me." "I don't let my world be rocked," Cato stated. "I do the rocking." "I bet you do," Peeta replied. "Are you sure you don't want to indulge in your desires? I wouldn't tell anyone since I would like one more fuck before I go into prison forever. It's my only wish. Unless, of course, you can't handle it." Cato scoffed. "I could handle you just fine." "Oh really now?" Peeta didn't sound convinced. "I could handle you so well that instead of being so snarky and sarcastic you'd tremble every time I was in your presence." "Now that's hard to believe." Angry and fed up, Cato grabbed his captive by the front of his shirt and smashed their lips together. Peeta responded immediately, their lips moving together messily. Still fuming, Cato bit the boy's bottom lip hard, smirking when he yelped in pain. Seeing to enjoy being hurt like that, Peeta leaned closer to him, roughly raking his fingers through the older man's hair. Cato pulled his cuffs out of his back pocket and used them to trap Peeta's wrists around the leg of the table, so he stuck bent over it in a submissive position. This made the criminal groan in arousal and when Cato broke the kiss, his eyes were black with lust. "What are you going to do to me, officer ?" Loverboy purred. "Isn't it obvious?" Cato growled. "Bad boys like you get spanked for misbehaving." He went around the table and took a moment to consider how irresponsible and unprofessional he was being. And then he realized, he didn't care. He had to hear this boy scream his name in ecstasy. His captive had a cute ass. All plump and round and perfect for abusing. Cato pulled the boy's pants down, smirking at the way he was already squirming on the table. He pulled his hand back and Peeta twitched in want, waiting for it to come. A small yelp escaped the boy's lips as the first smack hit him but it wasn't enough for Cato and the next hit was twice as hard. The harder he smacked, the louder the noise Peeta made. Every cry and yelp and whimper that escaped his captive made his lust burn like an inferno and he was past thinking about the fact that this boy was a criminal and he was supposed to be the officer questioning him. When he stopped, his hand was stinging and Peeta's ass was glowing bright pink. "Why did you stop?" the younger complained. "Because I want to make sure you can't sit down for months in your cell without thinking of me," Cato said, unbuckling his pants. Loverboy groaned. He grabbed Peeta's backside and pushed in without prep, knowing full well from the footage he watched that he knew how to take it. The boy was still tight, which didn't seem to make sense since he took part in so much sexual encounters. Cato didn't have a moment to dwell on it though as Peeta clenched his muscles around his length, making him moan in pleasure. The officer pulled back and thrusted in as hard as he could, both participants moaning at the exact same time. Cato found himself fucking Loverboy harder than he had ever fucked anyone before. The younger boy was able to take it, having years of experience, and pushed back on every thrust he put into him. His tight heat was unbearable and Cato came into him faster than expected. Peeta soon followed, making a big deal out of screaming in ecstasy as he came onto the table. "There you go," Cato panted, tucking himself back in and wiping his forehead. "Your last fuck before prison." He felt dizzy and leaned back against the wall behind him. "Oh, I doubt it would be my last," Peeta said. There was a soft chink and the cuffs fell to the floor. Peeta pulled himself off the table and pulled his pants up, buckling his belt and grinning. Cato frowned, wondering how he did it. He tried to move toward him but he was too dizzy. "I mean, someone as pretty and petite as me is bound to be asked to pick up the soap, right?" "What . . . ?" Cato asked. Peeta smirked. He tapped his lips. "Paralysis balm, babe," he said. "Don't worry, you'll come out of it in a couple of hours." Cato sank to the floor, realizing that he couldn't move anymore. Peeta hopped off the table and left the room, coming back with his canvas bag and the jewel. He broke the bars off the window in the room and turned back to Cato. "You really didn't think I was going to let you arrest me, did you?" he asked. He tuttted. "Shame on you Hadley. I'm not that easy. Ironically." The boy knelt down before the paralysed officer and smiled. "Till we meet again, officer. " He pecked his lips and went to the window. "You never know, next time you might catch me." Peeta crouched on the sill, taking one last look at Cato. He winked and blew him a kiss before jumping out the window. Cato couldn't believe it. He'd been defeated. Defeated by Loverboy. By Peeta Mellark. He didn't even scream his name. A/N: I've never written Peeta like this since I wrote this one-shot and I'm not sure why. It's fun to write sassy Peeta (: Please R&R! :D