pull his head away. Taking Gloss' advice, Cato gently dragged his nails through the space between both ears, scratching the area lightly. He was surprised when Peeta purred and trembled a little in what looked like pleasure. "Want the same reaction only better, stroke his tail. He also doesn't like being treated like a cat and will probably scratch you to death if you try. He also hates being spanked so I'd greatly suggest that as well. Good luck with him, you're gonna need it." With that, Gloss hung up. Gathering his strength, Peeta yanked his head away from Cato. His eyes were narrowed, his eyebrows drew together. "Touch my tail and I will not be held responsible for your death," he warned. Finnick-who was more a receptionist at heart than a punisher-handed the hand leashes back to Cato, who was suddenly very interested in finding out more about the impossible boy in front of him. "Come Mittens, we've got things to do," he said, tugging the leashes after him as he started to leave. "Don't call me that," Peeta replied, obediently following for once. "Whatever you say, Mittens." ~xXx~ "So . . . you're a cat." "I'm a neko." "Which is basically a cat." "No, it's a neko." "Which is a cat ." "I'm not a goddamn cat!" Cato observed the obstinate blond with a tilted head. It took an hour to get him tied to the chair which proceeded to further half an hour getting him retied once he ripped the ropes open with his claws. The blue eyes watched his every movement, the struggle having unsettled his hair to expose the silky sensitive ears. It was obvious Peeta was uncomfortable with them being so vulnerable, jerking his head every so often in a feeble attempt to hide them again. "Your body says otherwise," Cato pointed out, gesturing at Peeta's ears. He was tempted to hold a red ball on a piece of string above Peeta's head, just as an experiment to see if he'd try to grab it. "I say again, I'm a neko, not a cat." Peeta was speaking slowly now, as if Cato was a toddler who couldn't grasp what he was telling him. "Okay then 'neko', why did you scratch Gloss' mother's eyes out?" asked Cato. "She stepped on my tail." "And you didn't like that?" "She did it on purpose." Cato paused. "What do you mean 'on purpose'?" "Exactly that, on purpose," answered Peeta. He sat back and scowled. "To them I was nothing but a pet." "Aren't you?" "I was a human once, you know! Just because I get kidnapped and tortured as an experiment you think you can treat me like an alien? I didn't ask for it!" His eyes darkened and he glared at Cato. "And you're just like them. Hadley Institute for Pain and Reprimand is just a fancy title for torture house!" "A job is a job," Cato said slowly. Peeta rolled his eyes. "A job's a job," he repeated. He shifted a little, uncomfortable. "Do me a favour and untie me, please. I'm sitting on my tail and it's extremely annoying." "You've got to be kidding. Why would I untie you?" asked Cato. "Because you're completely rotten," Peeta said. "You haven't done half the things Gloss has told you to and it's been two hours since we spoke." His eyes had a hopeful gleam to them. "You don't want to hurt me." Cato actually didn't want to hurt him, which didn't make sense since he had spent seven years hurting people. What made Peeta any different? But he couldn't let him walk either. 10, 000 a week wasn't an offer he could take lightly. "Work for me," he blurted out. Peeta, who had been in the middle of arching his back in a tired stretch, paused. "What?" he asked. "Work for me. Gloss has a lot of money riding on you so I'm not letting you leave but if you work for me then you won't have to be tortured," Cato explained. "It's good pay, trust me." "You mean you want me to hurt people?" said Peeta. "Not necessarily, you could work the reception with Finnick." "And I wouldn't be tortured?" "Nope." Peeta nodded. "Okay. I'll do it. But not for your sake, for my own." He squirmed again. "Now please untie me or I'm going to be walking weird all week." Cato untied him, unsure about why he was doing this, unsure about whether Peeta would be able to work properly, unsure about why he was being so crazy by letting him go. The young blond stood up and stretched, his back arching gracefully. Cato suddenly had a weird thought about whether Peeta's back did that when he was having sex with someone or not . . . Shaking his head, he dismissed it. "Do you mind if I let the tail out? Of course you don't," Peeta questioned and answered. He let out a satisifed purr as his tail uncurled itself from the top of his pants. It was long and silky, and Cato had to bite down on the urge to reach out and stroke it like Gloss said. Not for torture reasons, just to feel the fur against his skin. "So," Cato said as they left the interrogation room, "do you eat kibble or tuna?" "I won't think twice about smacking you." Cato laughed and watched Peeta as he slinked back to the reception desk and started talking to Finnick, who's eyes immediately widened at the sight of the tail. Something told him that he had made the right decision. Who doesn't like cats anyway? Wait, not cats . . . Nekos? A/N: So let me know what you think! The synopsis' for the first four books is on my profile if you're curious about how the series is going to proceed! :D Please R&R, I'd love to know what you think of my neko!Peeta since it's my first time writing him :)