moved to turn around, he went over on his ankle and stumbled forward with a yelp. Cato quickly caught him, unable to stop himself from smiling at the boy's clumisness. Peeta looked at him in alarm, his beautiful blue eyes wide. When Cato met his gaze, he took a risk and leaned forward, tasting his lips for the smallest of moments. He tasted like strawberries and Cato couldn't resist tasting it again. "Are you wearing lip balm?" he asked, amused. The dancer shrugged, smiling sheepishly. "I find that patrons prefer it when I wear lip balm, because it's not as exciting when my lips don't taste of anything." Cato ran his thumb along Peeta's bottom lip, looking at the small pink smudge that came off on his thumb. "Well, I'm not sure, I think I'll have to try again." He leaned forward and kissed him. Peeta sighed into his mouth, reaching up and cupping Cato's face in his sparkly hands to pull him closer. "I don't know, it's hard to tell," Cato sniffed. "I can still only taste the strawberry. I think I'd have to try again some other time, maybe when you're not balmed up." Peeta quirked an eyebrow. "Are you asking me out?" "Depends, what's your answer?" "Sorry, I think I missed it, how old are you?" Cato laughed. "Don't panic, I'm nineteen. I'm not that much older." "Oh and you still thought it appropriate to make fun of my age then?" Peeta asked, raising his eyebrows in amusement. "Is that a yes?" Peeta smirked, the gesture smug and slightly bashful at the same time, "Finnick can give you my number," he said. "But I really must go, it's two songs I've missed now." He shrugged. "Got to make a living somehow." Cato watched the glittery dancer leave in amazement. Wow, he had spent a lot more money than he thought he had and had actually gotten a date out it. Peeta was certainly an enigma . . . An alluring, mysterious, sexy enigma with a cute, full backside and extraordinary blue eyes. Yeah, he had definitely gotten more out of Clove's hen-do than he had first expected. 7 months later: "Wait up Peeta!" The younger boy spun on his heel, bouncing up and down like a hyper-active spider monkey. "No!" he replied. "I want to find out if I got it or not!" Cato shook his head and caught up with his boyfriend, laying a calming hand on his shoulder. "Shimmer down, they're not going anywhere," he laughed. "I'm sure you got it." Peeta shook his head and grabbed Cato's hand, dragging him up the street. It was strange at first, seeing him outside the strip club and in decent clothing, but it didn't take long for Cato to adjust to it. Peeta suited skinny jeans and tight t-shirts anyway so it didn't matter in hindsight. "You're the one who talked me into doing this, you should be excited to!" " I am excited," Cato insisted. "Just maybe not as hyper about it as you." "Come on, faster!" Peeta kept speeding up the closer they got to his house. He was cute when he was excited, like a puppy wagging its tail. "Why did I let you convince me to stay at yours last night?" he wondered out loud. "Because I knew that if you didn't stay at mine, you'd sit at the top of the stairs all night just so that you didn't miss the mail," Cato pointed out. Peeta paused as they reached his house, his face thoughtful. "Good point," he concluded. Instead of struggling with the faulty lock on his garden gate, Peeta vaulted over the fence and ran up his driveway. Cato, not in the same physical shape as his boyfriend (or maybe he was just being lazy), decided to take his chances with the lock on the gate. This held him back considerably and Peeta was already in the house by the time he got it open. Peeta screamed, running out of the house again while waving the letter in his house like a manaic. "I got in!" he yelled. "I got into the art college!" "You got in?!" Cato picked Peeta up and spun him round, both of them unable to contain their joy. "Oh my god, I'm so proud of you!" Peeta pressed the letter against Cato's face. "Look, my name, right there! Peeta Mellark! That's me ! I'm going to art college!" Cato laughed, batting the letter away so he could see his boyfriend properly. The sun made his blue eyes glitter, almost as much as the sparkly make-up he wore the first time they met. "Do you think your boss will mind, since you'll probably have to quit stripping?" Cato asked. Peeta shrugged. "Honestly, right now, I'm too happy to give a damn about what the boss will think," he said. He giggled, as if this were a scandalous thing to say. "Yeah, screw him," Cato said, making Peeta giggles increase. He leaned forward and captured the younger boy's lips, no longer covered with fruity lipbalm. His lips tasted like everything. Like his favourite meal, the scent of his sister's duvet covers in the morning, the feel of long walks on the beach, footprints in the sand, the laughter that came with a mis-spoken word, the simplicity of a teabag dropped in hot water, the complexity of trig math, the musty scent of sandal wood, the texture of expensive of wine, the sparks of two soul mates meeting, the explosions of fireworks in the night . . . all in one. Peeta was everything. "We need to celebrate," Cato concluded. "We're going to go out tonight, my treat." Peeta grinned and pushed up on his tiptoes, so his mouth brushed Cato's ear as he spoke. "And then when we get home, I can give you a private show," he purred. Maybe stripping wasn't that bad an occupation after all. A/N: Happy Easter everybody! Hope you enjoy it! :D