and dominating. Even her stare alone made Peeta feel weak at the knees. Katniss dropped the glove to the ground, looking at the scarlet burn that was still engraved into his skin. The previous night he couldn't resist sticking his hand under the tap again and had . . . urm . . . ended up enjoying it a bit too much . . . as usual. "You don't indulge in this, do you?" Katniss asked. Peeta shook his head. "You just burn yourself until you realize you're getting worked up and stop, ashamed with yourself as if you just snapped a crucifix and flushed it down the toilet," Katniss stated, not asked. He nodded again, already feeling the familiar shame creep up on him. "This-" Katniss trailed her finger nail along the burn, inflicting a sharp sting-"is impressive. This is third degree material. You're not a wimp, I can tell that already. So you're just ashamed of yourself. Of course, if you want to leave, leave." She let go of his hand and stepped back. Peeta stared at her, slightly confused. What was her angle? He turned, hesitantly, feeling as if he'd been dismissed. " Of course, if you do leave, you won't find anyone like me again," Katniss said. Peeta turned around again and frowned. What? "If you ever did indulge in it, you wouldn't have much options to work with. There's always what-ever you're burning yourself with, obviously, but you'll eventually get bored. When that happens, there's fanfiction or erotica but, if you haven't noticed, a lot of authors don't seem to actknowledge that there's more female dominators in reality than there is male." "Is there?" Peeta frowned. From what he knew of such works as Fifty Shades of Grey (something Madge had read and explained to him in such detail he didn't need to hear) he had assumed that the submissive side of a s/d relationship was more made up of women than men. Was it really the other way around? Katniss nodded, the smile never leaving her face. "Odd, isn't it?" she asked. "Us girls are a lot more strong than most seem to think. Basically, 50 shades and other female erotica is insulting. I, for one, prefer something where the girl is the one who pins the guy against the wall, where the female chains the male to the bed, where the woman spanks the man." Peeta inhaled his own spit and had to thump his chest to stop himself from choking. Katniss laughed and stepped forward so they were chest to chest. Her heels made her slightly taller than him, forcing him to look up at her. "You don't want to say no," she stated. "I don't know," Peeta replied. "I can read you like a book Mr Mellark, you don't want to say no," Katniss said in a low voice. "No one ever wants to say no. " Could Katniss hear his heart pounding in his chest? He hoped not. He felt like he was close to a heart attack and it was all caused just by the proximity of this women. "If you sign the contract, I will bring out a side of yourself that you didn't even realize existed." Katniss adjusted his tie, fixing his collar and letting her palms rest on his chest. Oh god, heart attack was definitely imminant. She slid one hand down his arm and took the burned hand into hers. "Imagine a burn like this one, but not just on your hand. Imagine it everywhere. " Peeta swallowed the lump in his throat. "Everywhere?" he croaked. Katniss nodded slowly. "Everywhere." She backed away and walked back to the desk, strutting with purpose and perching on the edge with folded arms. Peeta felt himself missing her touch immediately. He still had the contract in his hands. He lifted it to his eyes and read the first warning written on the sheet. Warning: 1) The Katniss you are talking to now will not be the Katniss you will encounter in the bedroom. "Is there two of you?" he frowned. Katniss laughed. "No," she answered. "What that means is that I'm two different people. If you decide to be my sub, there will be a word I will say. I will only say it only once. If you mishear me or talk back, you'll be punished. Because once I say it, that is when I wish to resume our roles. We'll also agree on a safe word and such but there's no point in that unless you sign the contract." "Is there anything else I should know before I make my decision?" Katniss shrugged. "You should know that I don't do do's and don'ts. You do what I want, case closed." She quirked an amused eyebrow. "Think you could handle that?" No. "Yes," Peeta said. Katniss stared him down with an unwavering gaze, obviously wanting for his answer. He didn't know what to do. Katniss obviously took what she did very seriously, needing a contract to prevent herself from being sued or arrested. That was worrying but somehow he found himself walking back towards her, clenching his brunt hand anxiously. Smirking, Katniss held out a pen and held it up between his eyes so they crossed together. Peeta took a deep breath and exhaled shakily. "Where do I sign?" A/N: *IMPORTANT NOTE* If people want me to continue this fic, I might need some help. I can't write s/d female x male sex and I might need some help. A partner in crime if you will. Just someone to help me write some of the s/d stuff because I get embarrassed really easily. If you're interested, let me know in your review or PM me! The stuff Katniss said about fanfiction and erotica is actually some of my own beliefs of some of the things people write. I'm not forcing my beliefs on others, I don't mind if people disagree with me, it's all good (-: Please R&R.