here a moment babe." Finnick took his hand and tugged him back over to him, turning him around so his back faced him. Peeta sighed and bent forward slightly, anticipating what was coming. Everything had to be fair and equal in the relationship, right down to every mark made on his body. Finnick bit his backside with sharp teeth, making him yelp in slight pain. He then kissed his the abused skin gently. "Happy now?" Cato asked. "Very." "You two are insufferable," Peeta commented. He pulled on his underwear and sat down between them. They both slung their arms around his shoulders, the three of them looking like the oddest trio ever. A nearly completely naked boy between a blond with his fly open and a man wearing cum soaked clothes. "Whelp, I'm still horny," Finnick casually threw in there. "Want me to . . . ?" Peeta sucked in his cheeks and pointed at his partner's crotch, ignoring the heated look he receieved from Cato. Finnick chuckled. "No thanks babe," he said, running his knuckle down the boy's red stained cheek. "You're probably exhausted from our amazing seduction techniques." Peeta snorted. "Oh yeah, sure," he said sarcastically. He yelped as Finnick scooped him up into his arms like a bride and started walking to the stairs. Cato, slightly surprised, followed after them at a hasty pace. Peeta let his head hang back over the crook of Finnick's arm, smiling brightly at Cato as they headed up the stairs. A lot of the time his feet didn't really get to touch the ground before, during or after sex because his boyfriends loved to carry him around. "It's like we're married," Finnick commented when they reached the top of the stairs. "Hey, if any of us are getting married, it's me and him," Cato contradicted. Finnick's grip on him tightened. "Peeta, who would you rather marry?" he asked. Ah, shit. Peeta internally winced. He hated it when they got like this because it always ended up being a battle over who was better than who, with him as their main source of evidence. "You know I'd marry you both if I could," he said. Finnick pushed into their bedroom and placed him on the window sill so he loomed a couple of feet above them. "That's a cop out answer," he said. "If you had to, or we'd both die, who would you marry?" "Come on guys, don't do this to me," Peeta whined. "It's not fair. I love you both, isn't that enough?" Finnick slid his hands up the back of his calves and pulled him closer to him. Peeta sighed and ran his fingers through his bronze hair. "It'd obviously be me though," Cato pointed out. "I've known him longer." "And?" Finnick scoffed. "I've had more sex with him." "Okay, does this seriously matter that much?!" Peeta exclaimed. "I'm the only one he lets eat him out!" Cato threw back at Finnick "He leans closer to me every night!" Finnick responded. "GUYS!" Peeta yelled, silencing them both. "I love you both the exact same amount, I can't choose who I'd rather marry. I'll always wait for the day I can marry you both than chose one over the other." Finnick nuzzled his thigh with his head with a loving smile while Cato pressed a kiss ontop of his blond head. "You're both my other halves." A couple of minutes later and they were lying in bed, Cato spooning Peeta from behind and Finnick lying on his side in front of them. He had changed out of his dirty clothes and, like Cato, was now shirtless. This was their regular bed position and it always felt weird if they tried to switch it around. Peeta lay with his eyes shut blissfully while his boyfriends gently caressed his bare body. They were always gentle with him, treating him like a piece of glass under their hands. "I sometimes wonder what people think of us when we walk down the street," Peeta murmered. "You know, with all hands linked?" "It doesn't matter what they think," Finnick replied softly, rubbing his hand up and down his leg delicately. "And if it did, we wouldn't give a damn," Cato said. He glided his hand down Peeta's arm and took his hand, calmly kissing his shoulder. "But I worry if they think I'm some whore who can't decide who to go out with," Peeta responded. There was a long silence where no one spoke, Finnick and Cato both pausing as if trying to clock it through their brains that he had just said something as ridiculous as that. "You're not a whore, bébé ," Cato whispered huskily. Peeta shivered and leaned back into him, wishing he could believe what he said. "You're just a beautifully attractive man who caught the eye of two men who are willing to share you, amante ," Finnick soothed. "Did you just call me 'mistress' in spanish?" Peeta asked, blue eyes wide. Finnick and Cato chuckled. "It also means lover , lover," Cato corrected, kissing the nape of his neck tenderly. Peeta blinked in confusion. "Oh, yeah. Of course," he said. He twisted around to look at Cato. "I knew that." They settled back down, Finnick and Cato lightly ressuming their caring touches. Peeta soon felt tired, leaning his head forward so his cheek pressed against Finnick's chest. As usual, Finnick flashed Cato a smug look that was recieved with a scowl. Peeta, sensing this, slapped Finnick's arm mildly and wrapped his arm awkwardly behind him so it wound around Cato's waist. As he fell alseep, Cato and Finnick couldn't help but think about how lucky they were. Peeta was theirs. And they were his. A/N: So this was a one shot but if you folks like it enough I might make it into a collection of one chapter stories from the trio's lives, you know? Something to always work on when I have writer's block (-: Please R&R! :D