When do your parents come back tomorrow?" "Not until I'm at school," Peeta mumbled. He lifted his head. "You don't have to stay. I'll be fine. I always am." Cato didn't know what it was to drive him to do what he did next. Heart ache? Desire? Lust? A wish to comfort? Whatever it was, it was totally on impulse. He leaned forward and kissed Peeta's cheek. "I want to stay," he said. Why exactly he wanted to stay was unclear, but all he knew was that he couldn't leave this boy on his own. Peeta blinked and touched the spot where his lips had touched with his fingertips. He nodded nervously. Peeta didn't fall asleep for hours. Cato sat with him the entire time, quite liking the idea of being a sort of guardian like character. At around three in the morning, Peeta finally drifted off, after downing some sleep pills and keeping his eyes squeezed shut. Cato watched him for a while, unable to put his finger on what exactly it was that attracted him to this boy so much. He was so broken but so strong at the exact same time. To be able to spend six months on his own after going through such an ordeal, never beathing a word about it . . . yes, Peeta was stronger than most. Eventually, Cato would sleep, despite the fact he wanted to stay up and watch Peeta rest forever. Cato woke up at around six o'clock, to find Peeta staring at him from his bed. "You're still here," the young boy stated. "Of course I am," Cato replied. "You didn't hurt me," Peeta said. "I wouldn't dream of it," said Cato. In that moment, Cato was blessed with a miracle. Peeta smiled at him. A genuine, honest to goodness, bright, gorgeous smile. "Thank you," he whispered. "Anytime." Taking a risk, Cato reached out and touched Peeta's cheek. The younger boy flinched but the smile faltered a little. "What are friends for?" "Friend," Peeta breathed, as if the word were scared. The friends thing didn't last long. Bit by bit, the more time they spent together, the close the two boys got. A relationship didn't form at the click of the fingers, stuff like that doesn't just happen, especially with someone with a history like Peeta's. Cato gently brought Peeta into a more social scene, introducing him to Clove and Glimmer and Madge. He was still extremely shy, but the more comfortable he got around people, the more confident he got. Their first kiss was in Cato's bedroom. It was completely spontaneous and both of them immediately knew that they had felt something. A whole year after meeting one another, a year and six months after Peeta's attack, they were finally able to take the next step with one another. They discussed it thoroughly before hand, Cato insisting that if Peeta didn't want to, they didn't have to. The strange thing was, Peeta was the person who wanted to take the next step with Cato. "I don't want to let what happened hang over my head for the rest of my life," Peeta said. He played with his fingers, letting his head fall on Cato's shoulder. "You're the only person I want to do it with." "Only if you're sure," said Cato. He was certainly ready to take that step with him but he was also prepared to wait for Peeta, until he was ready for it. Cato cared too much about him to force anything like that on him. "I'm sure," Peeta whispered. He hesitantly leaned up and kissed Cato's cheek, shrinking back a little and flushing in embarrassment. "I'm ready. As long as you promise to be gentle . . . of course . . ." "I would never be anything less," Cato smiled. He leaned forward and captured Peeta's lips in a kiss. They had kissed quite a few times and each time was as amazing as the last. Over the past year, they had become insync with each other and were able to predict each other's moves before they did it. Clothes were slowly peeled off, exposing skin to lips and curious fingers. Cato had never been as gentle with a partner as he was with Peeta. He held the younger boy in his arms as he carefully kissed and caressed him. Peeta moaned and made cute, tiny gasps of pleasure, returning the touches with tentative ones of his own. When it came to being naked in front of each other, Peeta had to tell Cato to stop for a moment. Cato loomed over him, slowly letting his lips take care of the sweat on his neck while Peeta closed his eyes and sucked in the air around him. "I won't hurt you," Cato whispered. "I know," Peeta breathed. "I'm ready." The moment they joined together was explosive. The air was heavy with the smell of sweat and passion, interupped with gasps of pleasure and groaned compliments. They sparked, popped and fizzled, matched each other's movements perfectly. They were expressing their feelings for each other with gentle caresses and soft strokes. They weren't just casually having sex, they were making love. And afterward, the pain of Peeta's attack was forgotten. He didn't need to remember it anymore because he was finally able to trust again. All it had taken was someone to have the courage to let him in, the bravery to listen to and care for him. Peeta and Cato's relationship started as a confused, hasty, placement of trust, but that placement of trust was what saved the life of a boy who had been living in the dark, scared to come out. But not he was out. Now they were both standing in the light. And it felt good. A/N: So, a smut scene was requested for this one-shot but I made it short because I didn't think that a story like this one should be revolved around that. Please R&R? :)