that pushed passed her full lips. " Here your dreams are sweet, and tomorrow brings them true Here is the place where I love you." The last note hung poignantly in the air, as both musician and songstress concluded their piece. Katniss opened her eyes, a new shine lighting them from grey to silver. Her cheeks turned rosy as she gave a slight bow. The crowd began to clap and whistle noisily, seemingly all at once. Peeta could only manage to stare at the gypsy girl with the angelic voice, his heart hammering wildly within his chest. He was brought back to reality as Nicolae Everdeen began to play another fast, dancing song. The pride in his daughter was shinning out of his eyes as he smiled widely at her, her returning smile just as radiant. People began to dance and clap their hands with the folk tune, raising their ale in cheers to the talented duo. Some stepped forward and deposited coins into the violinist's empty case, a token of thanks for the hearty entertainment. Katniss smiled excitedly at her father, then began to dance and twirl around the fire to the music. Peeta quickly took his velvet coin bag out of his trouser pocket, then placed the generous sum into the violin case. He wished he had brought more to give. A voice like hers was worth all of his Queen Victoria's gold, back home in England. He looked up to see Nicolae smiling gently down at him and his selflessness. Katniss, feeling rather dizzy from her dancing, stole a glance toward her father, catching Peeta's eyes. His quickly flitted away, his cheeks turning pink, only to glance back at her again a second later with a grin on his lips. She smiled shyly as she began to make her way toward him, navigating around dancing festival goers. She was just about to reach him when a hand jerked him roughly by his collar out of sight. Alarmed, she quickly raced over to his no vacant spot, worried that someone might be hurting her boy with the sapphire eyes, that had shared with her his bread. She stopped short when she saw a robust, gaudy woman with silver blonde curls piled atop her head slapping him hard across the face with her thick, folded up fan. The woman continued to berate him, spit shooting out of her mouth like venom. Peeta's head was cast down guiltily as she hit him again. "Out of the goodness of my heart, I let your father sweet talk me into letting you go to this disgusting farce and what do you do to thank me? Go out gallivanting with gypsy filth, giving them our family's hard earned money?" She screeches, face purple with rage as she grips him by his hair and pulls his face up toward hers. He whimpers as her fingers pull tightly at his hair, his scalp stinging. Katniss gasps, hands quickly rising to cover her mouth. How could a mother treat her child this way? Her own mother would never hurt her like that! "Those no-good gypsy rats are an infestation that need to be exterminated! You never listen, you stupid boy! Murderous, thieving, disgusting..." Her hand tightened its grip on his blond curls, causing him to wince in pain. Katniss' stomach dropped as she watched the scene in front of her. His pain was her fault; she was the cause of this onslaught of punishment. With tears welling up in her eyes, she quickly runs to her father's violin case and picks up the velvet coin purse she saw Peeta drop in it. Perhaps, if she returned the money, it would spare him anymore punishment? "Get your worthless self back to your uncle's house before you continue to shame our family even more! Your father is going to receive an earful when we return!" The woman shoves his head back, ripping her fingers from his hair before she begins to stomp away. Peeta turns his head quickly to the side, sensing eyes on him. Katniss can't help the tears that spring free when she sees the giant red welt on his cheek, his blue eyes no longer shining as they meet hers. She holds up his coin purse, gesturing for him to take it back, eyes pleading to help him. "Peeta, come now! Stupid, worthless boy!" His mother shouts, his shoulders tensing. He quickly looks back to her, eyes flitting to the change purse. She takes a step toward him. His head shakes minutely, a warning reflecting in his eyes for her to stay out of his mother's sight. Katniss steps back in fear of incurring the woman's unforgiving wrath upon herself. Peeta musters up a small smile for her before turning and running toward his mother's demanding voice. Katniss did not see Peeta again as the festival came to an end and her family was packed up, ready to travel away. She will never forget the boy with the bread and the sapphire eyes. The boy whose kindness alone gave her family months worth of food when work became almost impossible to come by. No, Katniss will never forget him, nor will she forgive herself for his pain. Peeta thinks of his strong gypsy girl with the beautiful voice often on his journey back home to England. He sketches her, paints her, sees her in his dreams when he closes his eyes. He hopes to never forget her. He promises himself that he will find her again someday. But, life goes on; tragedy strikes and war breaks out. The world has no use for childhood promises and dreams. Note from the author: With Spring semester starting next week, updates will probably be uploaded once a month. I want the chapters to be high quality, so I'll probably be working on them every weekend until I deem it publishable. I do love reading feedback, so don't be afraid to give me your honest opinions! Thanks for reading!