said you're tired after orgasming right?, but Cato just smirked at him and all of a sudden he was incredibly horny all over again. The incubus lifted his hips and tugged him forward, lowering himself so he disappeared between Peeta's thighs. Peeta watched, slightly worried about what he was going to do, and gasped when he felt a tongue worming its way into his hole. He tensed up immediately, despite knowing that this wasn't what he was supposed to do, and Cato pulled back, peering up at him curiously. "You have to relax," he purred, nipping at his inner thighs with his teeth. Peeta nodded mutely, laying his head back on the bed and relaxing all his muscles like instructed. His chest was heaving and his heart was pounding in a panic, unable to stop freaking out. Cato lowered himself back down again and gave the boy's hole a lick before making attempting to penetrate him with tongue again. Peeta moaned, his wrists breaking free as his hands flew forward to fist the bed covers tightly. His hips rose off the mattress and he threw his head back, panting like a bitch in heat. Cato pushed his knee up to his chest for better access and moved his tongue around inside the boy without mercy, feeding off his moans and groans of pleasure like one might feed off a meal. Peeta came, once again all over himself, and couldn't believe it when he got aroused again almost instantly. Cato pulled away from him, smirking when the mortal whined at him, and sat up on the bed. Peeta, who's eyes had been screwed shut, forced an eye open to stare at him questionally, asking something he could not answer. What are you doing to me and how are you doing it? Instead of answering, Cato pushed a finger inside of the boy, ignoring his whimper of pain and forcing in a second finger. He scissored him and searched for his g-spot, vigorously rubbing the spot once he found it. Peeta writhed on the bed, not knowing what he was doing to him but not disliking it either. He was past caring what sort of noises he was making and how he loud he was making them and let Cato finger him without a care in the world. He felt Cato's length slide into him and the agony that entailed made him scream in pain. The incubus slapped a hand over his mouth to shush him and slowly began thrusting into him. Eventually the pain ebbed away and Peeta was moaning into Cato's hand, lifting his hips to meet every one of his thrusts. He wrapped his legs around the spirit's waist and clenched his thighs, unable to prevent himself from orgasming a third time. His muscles coiled as he came and the tightening of his muscles around Cato's cock made the incubus finish too, his semen filling his hole to the hilt. After that Peeta felt exhausted and boneless, feeling so tired he was almost half asleep. Had he just dreamt what had happened? As he slowly drifted off to sleep, Cato's face came into view and he smiled, leaning down and pressing a soft kiss against his lips. "Night night beautiful one," his voice said in Peeta's head, "and happy Valentine's Day." ~xXx~ After that night, Cato practically became a part of Peeta's life. He didn't appear to him in his physical form as often, which was disappointing, but he was there every day. Peeta could always sense his presence and always murmured some form of welcome to him, even if he was in a public place. Cato was still a mischievous incubus though and would spend a lot of his time teasing the mortal boy he had become so attached to. He'd sometimes plant dirty thoughts into his mind, or basically describe to him in vivid detail what he was going to do to him when he went to bed that night. Peeta didn't mind listening to what the entity had to say but when he spoke to loudly in his head in public places about how he was planning to make him cum so hard and so fast he'd forget where he was then he'd sometimes have to tell Cato to kindly shove off for a while until he got home. Of course, this just made Cato all the more keen to stay. Showering was the most difficult. Peeta had knew very well that Cato wasn't going to pass up on the opportunity of being with him while he showered and his suspicions were confirmed the first time round as the shower cubicle began to steam up from the heat of the water pounding from the nozzle. Cato would write in the steam with his finger, not appearing in the bathroom in his physical form. Even with words he sounded the same, constantly teasing Peeta and complimenting his nude form to the point that he'd blush furiously. After particularly hard days, Peeta would pass out on the sofa with the intention of going to sleep and Cato would softly stroke his hair while he slept, sometimes having the strength to respect that he was tired and other times being unable to help himself and pulling his pants down to fuck his behind. Peeta didn't mind either way because the sex was amazing. Peeta actually hadn't considered that he was having a relationship with an incubus until Cato had been around for a month. A small part of him was slightly creeped out while the rest of him was content with it. Cato wasn't harming him in any way. In fact, his life seemed to be better with the spirit in it. After that . . . well . . . Peeta began to enjoy Valentine's Day much more. A/N: I'd always wanted to do a Peetato incubus story and this is what got spat out, so I hope you liked reading it! Review with your thoughts, maybe? :)