one of them will come to wish me good luck. I am pushed into a small room containing only the four walls. Nothing else is in here. Shouts are heard from outside the metal door and I know that my father is coming to see me at last. He barges through the door, nearly ripping it off of its hinges. He'd been crying. I can tell because his eyes are all red and puffy; his face red. My father falls to his knees right in front of me and softly says, "Elora, honey dearest, please take care of yourself and Oliver. Especially your brother – he's big for his age, I know, but that doesn't mean he would be good in a fight. We taught him all we knew, but I'm scared for him. Just make sure one…of you… comes back…" sobs rake his body. Tears trail down my face as I wrap my petite arms around his neck. I whisper, "I will try my hardest to make sure that Oliver survives, even if it costs me my own life." His arms wrap around my waist. I take in a deep shaky breath, "If something happens to one of us, or both, don't lose your senses. You still have a whole town to take care of. Daddy… I … I'm going to miss you and Nanny a whole lot! I – " The door opens and in walks Nanny with a Peacekeeper behind. "Two minutes left, make it quick." The Peacekeeper stiffly replies and walks off. "Nanny!" I exclaim. She wraps her arms around dad and me. She looks directly in my eyes and says sharply, "Keep your mind focused, you hear me?" I nod, "I will. I love you both. Tell Oliver that I will do my best to keep him safe." I watch them bob their heads in understanding. They stand and walk out of now opened door. They are then escorted to Oliver's room. All the while, my eyes are locked to their backs, wondering if I would ever see them again. I speak to myself, "I will find a way to keep Oliver safe." Once Nanny and my father are led away to my brother's room tears stream down my face. I didn't want to go into the games with my brother. That's something I didn't want to happen. The reason why I volunteered was so Oliver wouldn't have to watch Felinia die. No good that did! None of my friends came to see me. I didn't blame them either; I wouldn't want the last thing I said to my friend to be goodbye. A millisecond went by before the door was swung open and a Peacekeeper waltzed in. He had a smile on his face. "Hello! If you would, follow me please. I will get you all situated on the train." I quietly replied with an 'okay' and followed the man. Upon reaching the train I found Oliver and reach for his hand. He holds on tight and follows me into the train. We are led to a compartment containing tables full of food, eloquent tables and chairs, and even a view of the whole district. I sigh and make my way to a window. Oliver follows and leans against one of the windows. I reach for the lock and unlock it, dangling my arms outside. My eyes catch the faces of some of my friends and they wave. I smile sadly and wave back. I turn my head to the sight of Felinia running towards the train. I poke Oliver and point in Felinia's direction. Oliver's eyes cloud over and for a second it looks as if he is about to cry. He puts his head out of my window and shouts, "Felinia! Felinia, I love you!" She raises her hand when she stumbles to the train and strokes Oliver's face. She murmurs, "I will always love you Oliver." Felinia turns in my direction and whispers, "Elora, thank you for volunteering, but I… Please make sure he comes back to me… please…" Oliver looks at me and I look at him in return. I smile and retort, "I will make sure he comes home to you Felinia. Don't worry about him darling; his big sister will take care of him this time." Felinia smiles knowingly and backs away from the train as it spews forward. I look over the crowd once more and see our father and Nanny waving. I wave back in their direction and Oliver does the same. When we are out of view Oliver turns to me and asks, "Are going to die trying to save me?" My eyes widen and I stutter, "O-of course. You're my brother, why wouldn't I?" "I don't want you to die. I don't want anyone to die…" his head drops. My eyes soften at his tone and I raise his head to look at me, "I understand how you feel, Oliver. But, one of us has to come home, right? Father and Nanny don't want us to die, but I would rather have one of us home than neither. You understand?" Oliver nods his head in reply. I grab for his hand and drag him to the table of food saying, "Come on. I'm starving, let's eat!" I hear a chuckle and an 'okay'. I inwardly smile, knowing that I got his mind off of one of us dying. I pick up a plate and plaster food on top. I wait for Oliver to get his food before I start to eat. He sits across from me and shovels food down his throat. I shake my head at his table manners and swipe up a few green peas with my spoon. Author's Note: Okay, so hopefully you guys liked this. I think it turned out okay. I might have to pick better stopping points though. -_-' You guys can leave me reviews if ya want. I would greatly appreciate the outlooks on this story. ~!*CuteSango07*!~