keep them sated and she has been in hiding ever since. Sort of grim, if you think about it. "I promise I'll treat you like you were my real son," President Snow said, his whole voice dripping in condescention. "A real father wouldn't have forced his son into a ridiculous love triangle, black mailing him that if he didn't do it, he'd kill the man he loved," Peeta retorted acidly. "Or forced him to lose his virginity! Or to take nude photos of himself just for the giggles!" "Please don't tell me that Mya was such a horrible host that she turned you gay?" Semira asked, her face a picture of perfect shock, the realization of her theory just dawning on her. "No!" Peeta exclaimed. "That's not how it works!" His mother relaxed. "Thank god," she sighed. "That would have been weird." "Weird?" "Watch your tone," President Snow said, already sounding like a father figure. Peeta looked at him in horror. Was he being serious right now? Semira snickered and tapped arm of the President's throne. "You forced him to lose his virginity?" she asked. President Snow grinned and nodded. "Oh my god, I love it!" Semira cackled. Peeta stared at them both, unable to believe what was actually happening right now. If they were thinking about even trying to make this family work, they were way over their heads. It would be too dysfunctional and he just knew he would be constantly ganged up on and very probably smacked around. Not that he wanted a new family anyway. He already missed Wheat, Rye and his dad horribly. "What do you two even want with me anyway?" he asked. Semira sighed, brushing her blonde hair behind her ears. "Despite your incompetance, you somehow managed to become a image for this rebellion or whatever. You need to be hidden away from the rebels, to make the flame that sparked die away before it goes too far." "So you're just going to, what? Hide me? Like you've been hiding yourself for the past two years?" Peeta asked. "Basically, yes." "You can't do that!" "Actually we can. You can't go anywhere, the entire mansion is guarded. We have your friends captive and everytime you try to escape, we'll hurt them," President Snow explained. "My friends?" "Miss Mason, young Ava Green and Annie Cresta." "Annie? I don't know an Annie." Snow smirked. "You mightn't, but Mr Odair does. They were once very close, until Finnick got so . . . distracted with other things." Semira chuckled, like Snow had just referenced to an inside joke. Peeta didn't like the sound of it and, if there was a joke, he didn't want to hear it. But he wasn't going to let an innocent girl get hurt just because of his actions. He just couldn't do something like that. "Now, if we're done flapping our jaws, I have to check on the baby," Semira said, heaving herself off the sofa. Peeta's blood ran cold. "Baby?" he asked slowly. "Oh yeah, about that, come with me," Semira answered. She grabbed Peeta's arm and hauled him to his feet as well, jerking her head for him to follow her. "Say goodbye to your father before you go." Peeta gritted his teeth and stared at the wall. "Bye Snow." His mother scowled and hit him upside the head. "Address him properly." He reluctantly turned his head to look at President Snow, his eyebrows screwed up in a scowl. Snow was grinning like a chesire cat, amued by his annoyance and discomfort. "Bye . . . dad." The word tasted wrong on his tongue and Peeta pulled a face. Thankfully, it was enough for his mother. Swallowing the worried lump in his throat, he followed her down the wide corridor that lead to a red velvet carpeted staircase. Peeta had to jog to keep up with her as she flew up the stairs, almost like a bird. The Snow mansion was like a labyrinth and they took countless twists that he lost track of before Semira finally came to a stop in front of a room with a rosa pink door. His heart felt like it was in his throat as they entered the room. The entire space was painted pink, the walls a brighter shade than the slightly darker, raspberry carpet. Teddies and dollies seemed to stare at him as he awkwardly stood in the doorway, feeling like an intruder. There were some cartoons stickers on the walls, a wardrobe sitting in the corner. The thing that worried Peeta the most was the little fuchsia cot pushed against the far wall. A mobile of farm animals spun around in a never ending circuit, small spotlights lighting up the cot below it. "Oh hello baby mommy's here," Semira cooed, scooping the baby out of the cot and holding it close. "Look who I brought." She turned around so Peeta could see the child properly. She had big brown eyes that stared right into his soul and a smile broke across her face as soon as she saw him. "W-who is that?" Peeta asked. "It's Emily, your baby sister," Semira said. "Well, half sister but that's a technicality. Here, hold her." She handed Peeta the baby before he could protest. He couldn't believe it. This little baby was his half sister. He had a half sister. Who had the same mother as him but . . . a different father. So Semira had finally got what she wanted. The little girl she had always longed for. "Now we're all a happy family, aren't we?" Semira said, kissing Peeta's forehead and tickling under Emily's chin to make her laugh. "And you're going to do what your father tells you, aren't you? For your baby sister?" "What's he going to tell me to do?" Semira smiled. "All in good time." A/N: I apologize for any mistakes. I'm still not in best form right now but I did my best! :) Please R&R! :D