know that!" Peeta snapped. "You know how hard it is Delly!" Delly held her hands up in surrender. "Wow, watch it kid, I'm the only friend you've got right now who isn't after your hide. Yes, I know how hard it is, but I was able to control myself around those who had relationships. It was difficult, yes, but you need to remember where we stand around here. We can't afford mistakes. If Katniss found out what Gale does to you she wouldn't think twice about ripping your throat out." "She wouldn't dare disobey Warren," Peeta replied. "You can't kill male omegas." Delly quirked an eyebrow. "You can beat them," she answered. "And believe me, Katniss knows how to beat a wolf. She will make you roll over and probably kick the shit out of you until you're begging to have your throat ripped out. You may be a rarity Peeta but you're not invincible. This thing you have with Gale? It stops now." "Delly, he nearly mated me," Peeta said seriously. "And I couldn't stop him. He insisted." "God that wolf is such a man whore," Delly said, shaking her head. "Man whore?" Posy repeated. Delly looked at the pup in alarm. "Don't repeat that," she ordered. She turned her attention back to Peeta. "Just stay clear of Gale. He's trouble. Believe me, I know." Peeta raised his eyebrows at her. "What? I used to be just like you you know before Darius mated me. Gale used to rub my tummy too. Except he didn't want to mate me. I suppose he does gueninely want you but that's beside the point. He's with Katniss." "I know that," Peeta said through gritted teeth, thoroughly irritated. "But if he tried to bite me again, I don't know if I could stop it." Delly sighed. "Go for a run," she said, stepping out of the way of the tent threshold. "Clear your head." Nodding, Peeta left the tent. When he was about to walk in the direction of the outskirts of the forest-in the opposite direction of the rest of the pack-Delly grabbed his wrist. "And don't stratch," she pleaded. "You're fine." He turned away, not promising anything, and ran off into the forest. Just as he hit the tree line, he leaped forward and morphed into his wolf form, landing on all fours and shaking his fur. He bounded off in a straight line, not in the right state of mind to bask in the rawness of nature like he normally would. Gale frightened him. How easily he could manipulate him into his arms with caresses and licks of adoration. How close he had gotten to biting him, marking him and making him his. He wasn't even terrifying or dominant, he was just very clever in his form of devious calculation. He'd grown to know what he had liked and used that knowledge to have him on his back at his feet. Peeta thought of Katniss. Of how she would smile at him when she'd slip him extra scraps, how she would scratch the spot behind his ear when she'd sit beside him by the campfire, how she was a lovely girl who only wanted to be loved and mated by her boyfriend. It made him feel even more disgusted in himself. You're a slut, a whore, a fleebag who could do with a good kick up the ass. He wasn't sure how long he had ran before it hit him again. Oak. He stopped and pushed his ears back, leaning up and sniffing the air. Yes, definitely the distinct smell of oak. But he was in a different part of the forest now. Could the intruder really have gotten so far in only a couple of hours? His tail went automatically between his legs as the worst possible thoughts went through his head. Would they try to kill him? Maul him to bits because he was on his own and so very obviously a male omega? He crouched down low, ears flattened against his head, and stepped back fearfully. Okay, he could turn around and get away quick. Maybe alert Delly that he knew where the intruder was. She could howl out to Darius, calling him back, and tell him and the other Betas in his group where to go. That was when he saw it. A large wolf stood a couple metres away, bold as brass. He was an obvious male, exuding confidence and dominance. It's blond hair bristled in the breeze as he stood stiff legged and tall, his ears erect and tail held vertical, curling towards his back. He was a pack leader. An alpha. Peeta swallowed hard, trying to quieten his panting as he practically hugged the forest floor. As long as it didn't see him, he would be fine. It would move on and he would go back to camp and never leave the pack when he wasn't supposed to ever again. He'd get Delly to tell Darius where the intruder was and hide in silence, letting people use him as their toy whenever they wanted, letting Gale mate him if that was what he wished. He thought the wolf was going to walk away when suddenly a small whine escaped from the back of his throat, casuing the animal to stiffen. Peeta internally cursed, trying to make himself smaller as the intruder turned back around, ears pulled back in suspicion. Its tail gave a single wag, its hackles bristling as its eyes scanned the darkness for the location of the whine. And when it's eyes finally locked on him, deep as the greenest grass on a sunny spring morning, Peeta's blood turned to fire in is veins. It was a wolf from 2. A/N: What do you think folks? It's my own take on the Alpha/Beta/Omega wolf ranks. Please review with your thoughts so I'll know whether to continue or not? Oh, and don't worry about Gale, this is a 100% Peetato story (: