which Katniss was too pre occupied that she hadn't noticed earlier. She however stood up from her camera and relaxes her back "We have got some good coverage. Take a break. We should return later for our shot" "There you go" Peeta coos letting the bird fly but it climbs on his shirt clinging to his collar and climbing and sitting on his shoulder while nipping on his ear with its claw. Peeta smiles gently at the bird which makes Katniss heart melt. She looks at both of them watching Peeta feed the bird crumbs of bread. Everyone is drinking water and resting under the trees snapping photos in their cell phone except Peeta who is talking to the bird occasionaly rubbing its feathers and its head. The native, which she comes to later know that was a person who worked in the zoo had brought the bird from the zoo and that it tends to get friendly. "Hey Katniss, can you take a photograph of me with the bird" Peeta called out to her holding the bird in one hand while offering his phone in the other. She replied a yeah, sure and took his phone. Being a photographer, working with huge cameras, taking pictures in phone seems comparatively small but still, she does takes pictures even in her phone, just to make her craving of photos to cease She takes a lot of photos of them connecting while the crew looks at them. Effie is the most touched one looking at them adoringly as if both of them were lovers and Katniss can't help but grimace on how Effie is behaving for such a small thing. Can't blame though, they do look adorable together and Katniss's mind suddenly revisits the conversation she had with Johanna on the ship. All of a sudden, Katniss ear picks up a grunt not far away. Gale and Madge always commented on her super sensitive ears which would pick up sounds of them making out in the room but she shrugged it off convincing herself that they were just loud but this time, the grunts are coming near Instinct tells her that it is Haymitch just reacting to the over reacting Effie who is blowing air kisses to Peeta and his new lover but the sound sounds inhuman. Almost like a grunt of a pig. The bird which was perched upon Peeta's suddenly makes a sharp sound before flying off his shoulder. The native guy, the nameless guy, whatever, flies behind the bird calling for it "There you go" Peeta chuckles before retrieving his phone from Katniss and reviewing the photos. "Did you use the edit filters?" "Yes" she admits almost sheepishly "It is a habit I picked up and unable to get rid of" "They look nice with them though. I am too lazy to use them" "Anyone can do it" "Seriously though Katniss, they have the professional look in them and they look-" Before he could finish his sentence, a loud piercing scream echoed through the air as Wiress started screaming and Beetee was shielding her. Cressida, Messalla, Castor and Pollux took up their equipment and ran to the jeep. Effie was pulling the hand of a drunk Haymitch with a flask in his hand propped up against a trunk of a tree and Johanna looked fierce holding an axe in her hand. Katniss looked around confused on what is going on. Before her eyes widened in realization, Peeta yelled her to run but at the moment, her legs felt glued to the ground, just as in the ship, but this time, Peeta ran for her, pushed her away from the approaching, raging wild boar putting himself in the harm's way. The boar sped up and everything happened right in front of her, within a blink of an eye. Peeta pushing her forcibly down, exposing him in which it attacked him, hurting him with its horns before Johanna's axe whizzed through the air and struck the wild boar before the native guy, shot the boar with the gun he had been carrying in his back. The ugly boar died with the bullet and the axe. Everyone rushed to Peeta who laid on the ground, bleeding from the gash on his thigh. the thigh wound looked worse. Tears sprang into her eyes as the crowd gathered around him carried him to the jeep. Pollux dragged a dazed Katniss into the jeep which had Peeta in it. Johanna drove the jeep. She started crying violently as Cressida contacted the hotel to keep an emergency ambulance ready to take him to the city hospital which was nearby. Katniss pushed through the crowd to get a look on what is going on the see Wiress pressing cloths to stop his blood flow while everyone seemed so tense. Katniss, who is known not to cry and mask her emotions suddenly felt weak and broke down to tears. Peeta was slipping in and out of consciousness as his eyes were drifting open and close and it was evident he is trying to keep his eyes awakes trying to focus on anything. Beetee pulled a crying Katniss and offered her water but she brushed him and did what she think she could do. She took Peeta's hand in hers and held it like a lifeline but she was crying heavily which was distracting Wiress. She said something before Castor dragged her away and Katniss collapsed in the seat behind where Peeta's lifeless body laid, a fresh round of sobs wrecked her body. Her throat constricted and her mind was foggy. She was feeling dizzy and saw stars. When she was sure she was going to faint, there was only one thought in her mind Peeta Mellark just saved my life There you go. I will be updating the second part sometime next week. So fav/follow/review your suggestions. Some say that I cramp up so much info or that I am so vague. Is it? PM me your thoughts