by complimenting the man at the door-a stereotypical gay-by saying that she absoloutely loved his shoes. I'm still on my first drink and so is Peeta but Clove downs each of hers like a machine. I've been to my fair share of gay bars in the past and it's kind of easy for me to notice when people's eyes are wandering over someone they like the look of (I used to be one of them. What? Why not? I was single after all). So I can't help but notice every single person who looks at Peeta in passing in a desirable/lustful way. I don't blame them and I feel kind of proud to be the person who gets to go home with him at the end of the night but it's hard not to punch their faces in and tell them to look at his eyes not his ass. Even now, the barman is staring at him as he cleans a glass. Peeta, oblvious to the amount of eyes on him, continues to chat to Clove and I about how he's planning to visit Katniss and the kids tomorrow. Clove notices the many wandering eyes too and the cheeky bitch keeps glancing at me and sniggering. "You can come too if you want Cato. The kids love you," Peeta says. "I'd love to seem them again," I reply. "As long as none of them tell me off for not eating an oreo right." "Why? Who did that?" Clove asks. "There's this kid in his class who's mum works late and has to stay behind an extra ten minutes and I swear to god he's the spawn of satan," I explain. "Aw, Clap isn't that bad," Peeta says. "Clap? What sort of name is that?" Clove sniggers. "Says Cloverfield Clove," I say. "Shut up Catorie," Clove snaps. "Catorie?" Peeta asks, his eyes wide in shock. Clove laughs and sips her drink, playing with the free yellow umbrella that came in the glass. "Oh yeah," she says. "Didn't he tell you? His name's Catorie." "No it's not Clove," I say through clenched teeth. "I changed it." "Oh yes, that's right, he 'changed' it," Clove says, winking at Peeta who nods in understanding. "But what did your Mama call you?" She holds her hand up to her ear and I sigh. "Catorie," I mutter. "What?" "Catorie," I repeat a little louder. "Huh? Can't hear you!" "My mother called me Catorie!" I snap. "See?" Clove says truimphantly. "Catorie Hadley." "You know, I'm starting to regret bringing you," I mutter, downing the rest of my drink and ordering another one. Peeta grins but tries to hide it by covering his face with his hand. "If it makes you feel any better, I'm named after a bread," he puts forward. "And so are my brothers, Wheat and Rye." Clove nearly chokes on her drink and I laugh as she nearly coughs up a lung. While I'm hitting her back to stop her from dying, a drink is put down in front of Peeta. "It's from this guy," the barman explains. "He wants to stay annoymous though." "Really?" Peeta frowns, eyeing the drink as if it's an alien item in front of him. "That's strange . . . it's my favourite drink and everything . . ." "Can't you just tell us who?" Clove asks excitedly. "I wanna know who the admirer is so I can shake his hand for making Catorie here green with envy!" "Stop calling me that Clove or I swear to . . . " I trail off as my phone bleeps. I pull it out of my pocket and open up the text message. It's a photo. Of us. Right now. At the bar. We're all staring at the drink on the bar in front of Peeta. Below it is two words: Look up I look up and my eyes lock across the club to the doorway. Standing there in the doorway is Finnick Odair. My stomach drops into my stomach and my jaw drops open. It's been nearly a year since he escaped from my clutches! I thought he was going to leave us alone! Obviously this is not the case. He grins at me before nodding at Peeta and miming drinking up. A group of people suddenly pass the door and when I can finally see it again . . . He's gone. Clove is still probing the barman for info on who sent the drink while Peeta stares into the distance dreamily, messing about mindlessly with the umbrella in the glass. They didn't see Finnick . . . at all. "Are you OK?" Clove suddenly asks, a frown furrowed on her face. I look back up to the empty doorway where Finnick stood mere moments ago, my mind whirling. Peeta sighs heavily and sticks the umbrella in his hair, his eyes drooping shut. We've barely been in here an hour and he's already tired. Jeez, he's not a clubbing person is he? But the comfort that he's here with me and that he's safe is enough for me. I pull his seat closer to mine and let him rest his head on my shoulder. Clove continues asking the barman a million and one questions about the drink sender while Peeta falls asleep on my arm. But I can't settle again. For the rest of the night my eyes keep flicking back to the doorway. Watching, waiting, daring for Odair to come back. But he doesn't and I'm not sure if this fact comforts me or unnerves me. I keep Peeta close for the rest of the night and keep a look out anyway, not telling him about what I saw because I don't want to scare him or make him freak out. Because if there's one thing for sure, it's this: Finnick Odair is back. And he's back for one thing and one thing only: Peeta. A/N: Like Finnick's entrance? I quite like it ^-^ Please R&R, thanks! :D