looked at him as if he just said that Rye took a rocket and flew to the moon. "My brother isn't a druggie," he said. "What is it really?" "Nope, it's drugs," Cato grinned. "Your brother hits that shit. Evidently, without my permission. He's been taking my supply behind my back and smoking it all away. I would have been able to over look it if it had have just been two or three times but he's lost me five thousand dollars worth. Now he's going to have to pay for it." Everything was getting horribly surreal. "Don't hurt him," Peeta said. He tried to step forward but Gloss grabbed his arm and held him back. "Please. He's just been going through some things recently. I promise he won't do it again." "I don't know," Cato mused, "five thousand is a lot of money." "Well . . . is there anything I can do?" Peeta asked. "I have money of my own, I'm sure my car alone is worth at least two thousand alone." "That's very sweet of you but I already have a car of my own," Cato replied. Peeta had a rush of panic. Oh god, what was he going to do? If he didn't do something, Rye was going to get hurt or even worse, killed, for using drugs that weren't his. "Although, there is something else you could do. A position I could offer in exchange for your brother's life." Cato quirked an eyebrow. It took Peeta a moment to understand. And it still didn't make sense. The way Gloss' boss was looking at him gave it all away . . . "You want me to prostitute myself for you?" he asked. "Well, to put it bodly, yes." "What? You're crazy!" Peeta exclaimed. Cato shrugged. "I mean, I could just kill Rye, it wouldn't bother me-" "No, wait, don't!" Peeta blurted out in a panic. "Fine, I'll do it, just don't hurt my brother." Cato grinned. "I knew you'd see things my way." He looked at Gloss. "Sort Rye out and I'll take Peeta back to my place." Peeta's heart sped up but he didn't let it show on his face. If Rye found out he was doing this, he would flip his lid. Urgh, why did Rye always get himself into these problems anyway? Now Peeta was going to have to go home with some guy he barely knew and sell his body to him for his brother's safety. Cato's house was huge. He must have been extremely wealthy, to afford such extravangant accomodation. It made Peeta wonder if five thousand even made a dent in his wealth. He had no choice but to follow this man up the stairs of his house and into this room that looked like an office. Everything was shiny and made of mahogany wood. "Are you sure you can't just cut Rye so slack?" Peeta asked. "I mean, it looks like you have enough money." "It's not the money, it's the principal of the thing," Cato said. "If I let Ryean get away with it, everyone will think they can get away with it." "You can't make an acception?" Peeta asked weakly. Cato grinned. "Of course I can't," he said. He pulled a sheet of paper out of his desk and passed it to Peeta. "Read that." I, the willing participant of this arrangement, solemnly swear under this verbal agreement, to be a willing participant of said Master, Cato Hadley, to act as servant, submissive, and slave and consent to a BDSM relationship as long as both parties agree and adhere to the bounderies displayed within the confines of the experience. As noted, both Dominant and Submissive will have equal partnership in the relationship and respect the bounderies of both parties in the areas of kinks, fetishes, and fantasy exploration. In addition, it shall be the Master's job to care for and protect the well-being of his slave in all aspects of his life including respecting any connections outside the relationship and ensuring their present situation remain descreet and secretive. "Hold the fuck up, is this like some Fifty Shades of Grey shit?!" Peeta exclaimed. "No fucking way!" "This isn't Mommy Porn, Peeta," Cato said, rolling his eyes and dropping into the seat by his desk. "Look, if you do this for me, I swear I'll look after your brother. There's a rehab center about two hours away from here in District 6 and if you do this I'll pay for his treatment." Peeta narrowed his eyes. "Why me?" he asked. Cato shrugged. "No reason. You're hot and desperate, the recipe for a willing participant," he said. He put his feet up on the desk and crossed his ankles. "I mean, I knew Ryean was a little attractive and when Gloss started calling you the pretty one I thought it was just because Gloss would fuck a lamp post but he actually wasn't wrong." "You're disgusting," Peeta muttered, folding his arms self consciously. He didn't want to admit it but he had always been interested in the whole concept of BDSM but as someone who was still struggling with his sexuality, it was quite a difficult thing to even attempt. But this was for his brother. "Where do I sign?" "You don't sign it," Cato answered. "As disappointing as it is, you can back out whenever you want. But when you back out, my support for your brother goes out the window, understand?" Peeta didn't know why he nodded immediately but he did. Cato was attractive enough, he supposed, at least that was something. "And," the older man drawled, "I already have the first lesson planned." "What . . . What is it?" Cato smirked. "I want you to strip for me." A/N: I'd greatly recommend reading 'Honor thy Master'. It's a great story. Also, over the summer I'm accepting prompts and requests for Peetato one shots! Just PM me with an idea! :D Please R&R with yours thoughts!