on, fire and passion burning through his veins. He reached his peak extremely fast, experiencing the most intense orgasm he had ever experienced. Peeta couldn't capture any breath afterward, trying to fill his lungs with oxygen but quite being able to manage it. Both Catos looked extremely satisifed but it didn't take long for the aruging to start again. "That was because of me," said Tough Cato. Timid Cato shook his head. "Incorrect. It was my actions that brough him to his finish." Tough Cato laughed. "You see, you think that, and it's actually hilarious for you to believe you're so right when you're so wrong," he said. Peeta resisted the urge to groan in frustration, climbing underneath the blanket tiredly and waiting for the arugment to pass. He didn't understand. He loved Cato's tough side just as well as his timid. He loved being caressed as well as heing pinned. It really was a difficult perdicament. If only they could see it that way. "There's a reason I stay with you, you know," Peeta mumbled into the pillow. "I'm not just after one side of you, I like both. My Cato isn't just a tough guy, nor is he just a timid boy. He's both. And I love him for it." Both Catos looked at each other. "He's right," admitted Tough Cato. "His statement does make sense," agreed Timid Cato. "Then what do we do?" Peeta sighed with relief, glad that they had finally realized there was no need to fight over him. That they were both loved equally and there was no inclination from one to the other. Maybe now he could finally get some respite. It took him a moment to realize how eerily quiet it had gotten. He cracked an eye open to find both Catos staring at him. "Uh, hi?" he said. Timid Cato slid into the bed beside him and pulled him into his lap. Too tired from his orgasm to complain, Peeta sighed and let his eyes flutter closed. Soft kisses were placed against his neck, each one sending a new shiver down his spine. Peeta almost forgot about Tough Cato, until he felt something climbed underneath the blanket and hot breath brushed against his crotch. "What are you doing?" he asked, lifting his head and glancing down at Tough Cato, who was nothing but an outline underneath the blanket. Peeta yelped in shock when Timid Cato's finger circled his already lubed hole, slowly pushing in and massaging it. He released a breathy moan, arching his hips to search for sensation on his hardening manhood. Which Tough Cato all too gladly took care of. Peeta loudly moaned as the Tough counterpart started licking the left over cum off his cock. All the sensations were so overwhelming, Peeta scrabbled for something to hold onto, something to tightly grip onto. "Working together," Timid Cato finally answered, "is what creates the best results." If Peeta had thought he was on smouldering before, now he was on fire. It burned through his being and set his entire body alight, where his nerves were being singed and all he could focus on was the pleasure connected to be touched by his lover. He knew he was being embarrassingly audible, moaning, groaning, gasping and whining. "Oh g-g-god, I'm gonna c-cum," he moaned, his body helplessly bouncing between both versions of his boyfriend. Scratch what had been said before, the orgasm he experienced when both worked together was way more intense than any he'd had ever experienced before. Peeta was so exhausted afterward that he nearly fell asleep right there in Timid Cato's arms. He fell back against the mattress and when he groggily pushed himself up onto his elbows, that Timid Cato was gone. A head suddenly popped up from underneath the blanket. Peeta screamed in surprise and almost smacked Cato across the face. "Ah!" he yelled. "Peeta! It's okay!" Cato exclaimed, grabbing his wrists. "Which one are you?!" Peeta exclaimed. "What?!" "Which one are you?! Timid or Tough?!" Cato chuckled. "I'm okay now," he said, "I'm neither! Well, I'm both . . . Katniss was right, I just needed to release sexual tension to merge again." He touched Peeta's face. "I didn't hurt you, did I?" "No. I'm a little worn out but fine," Peeta replied, glad that Cato was back to normal. Cato rested his head on his chest. "Thank god," he murmured. "I am going to kill Katniss." Peeta laughed, despite everything he had just went through, and let his head fall tiredly against the pillow. "Cato, what did you mean when you kept saying your master and your servant?" "Honestly, it's a bit fuzzy, but I think it was reference to stuff Finnick and Marvel had told me about what you like in the beginnings of the relationship . . ." Cato trailed off, unsurely. "Wait, as in my ex boyfriend Finnick and my best friend Marvel?!" Peeta exclaimed. Cato shrugged, kissing the younger boy's sweaty chest. "Mmm-hmm," he muttered. His eyebrows furrowed together. "Which did you prefer? Tough or Timid?" Peeta rolled his eyes. "I prefered both," he said. "Because both of them make up you." Cato lifted his head and looked him in the eyes, smiling happily. "Really?" he asked, unsure. "I am," answered Peeta. Cato pecked his lips, definitely pleased with himself, before letting his head fall back onto his lover's chest. "So, what are we going to do for the next . . . twenty two hours?" he asked. Peeta took Cato's chin between his thumb and finger, lifting it so they looked each other in the eyes. "I think I have a few ideas," he whispered. They both grinned and met each other in a kiss. A/N: I hope this was okay. I'm not entirely happy with it but I couldn't figure out what it was. The smut is kind of amateur, if you ask me. I hope I'm not losing my touch :/ Let me know what you think!