five Reapings ago I was here with Evan and Ian. Valentine was still too young and this was my first Reaping. I remember that year a girl was called up. They said her name was like Monday or something. Then when the representative for District 4, Iza, dug her gold hand into the bowl with the boys' names, she called out Evan. But then Ian had volunteered. Instead of letting the two switch out, the Capitol added a twist by taking them both. My Dad, Valentine, and I had watched the Games from our TV every night to check on them. Evan and Ian had formed an alliance with each other. But later on, when they were offered to join the Careers, Ian refused and for Evan as well. While Ian was sleeping, Evan had crept into the cave when he was supposed to be on guard and was about to stab him in his sleep but Ian had caught him. We had to watch as Evan and Ian fight each other to the death. Then Evan had tripped Ian and smashed his face in with a rock, with pieces of Ian's glasses jammed into his eyes. Evans then joined the Careers after that, but once it came down to him, a girl from District 1, a boy from District 5 and the girl from District 4, he was stabbed in the back. After that Game, Dad never wanted to talk about Evan and Ian anymore. I could see in his eyes that his very two sons, that hated the Capitol, fell under their influence. I still think about it at times, while Valentine had forgotten all about it. IZa trotted on stage with blue heels, blue skirt with a light blue coat that had white frills coming from the opening in the coat. This year, her skin was tinted a light powder blue while her light blue hair was like silk as it draped down her back that curled at the ends. She fluttered her golden eyelashes once the mayor handed the spotlight over to her and then she gives her whole speech. Personally, I think each year she tries too hard to represent our district. Last year she wore a giant puffy dress that was the color of sand while her hair was light blue and her skin back then was practically white. She then smiles to the cameras. "I feel like changing things up a bit. Let's start out with the gentlemen!" She says with enthusiasm. Iza dug her hand deep into the bowl and swished her hand around. She kept smiling to the crowd. "I think I should have baited this one." She says looking at the boys side. I always hated Iza's humor too. She wasn't even funny at all. The constant fish puns had made a few people chuckle nervously but altogether created no laughter. Her bony fingers then pulled out the sheet of paper from the glass bowl and unfolded it. She read the paper for a second then looked out into the Square. "Hei Kasen." I looked over to my right to see the crowd of boys part to let him through. He walked onto the stage and stood beside Iza. I could hear two distant voices crying out for him, and I can assume that it was his parents. "Any Volunteers?" Iza offers to the crowd in the Square. None of the boys utter a single word, or even make a sound. All I can hear is Hei's parents crying out for someone to volunteer. But no one does. Hei's parents were actually nice. His father was the butcher who would cut the heads of fish, or butcher the game that would be sent from the Capitol while his mother washed clothes. I don't know how two nice people can make someone like Hei. "Alright, then lets end with the Ladies!" She said as she hopped over to the girl's bowl. Iza dug her hand in the bowl and swirled around repeatedly. This was agonizingly long. "Let me just ,fish, out the lucky lady!" Iza said with a chuckle. I roll my eyes and began to feel like storming out of the Square if she doesn't hurry up. Iza then pulls the slip out of the bowl, unfolds it, reads it, and then looks out into the square. "Pandora Marshall!" I felt my heart beat rapidly within my chest. The crowd of girls part for me to walk up on the stage. I move my weak legs and began to walk through the path the crowd had made for me. I began to hear someone screaming my name from behind me, but I continue walking until I get to the stage. I walk up the stage and stood on Iza's right side, looking into the Crowd. I see a few Peacemakers holding Valentine back. Even at this distance, I can see her tears shine in the sunlight. "Any volunteers?" Iza offers to the girls. The girls remained silent, even Valentine began to quiet down. Iza smiles to the crowd as well as the cameras. "Well that's the end for Reaping Day." Iza began as she went to her closing speech. I could still feel my heart beating at a fast rate while my skin began to get goose bumps. I have just been chosen to die this year for my district. I look over to Valentine who was on the ground crying in her hands. I notice the sunlight shine the charm around her wrist. I knew the odds will always be in her favor. I then turn my head slightly to my left to look at Hei. He was looking into the crowd in the square. I wonder what was going through his mind right now. But I then found out… "Happy Hunger Games, may the odds be ever in your favor." Iza said as she blew a kiss to the crowd. I saw Hei's cynical grin. He enjoyed this…