glass. "Ah. So it's true that you and him officially broke up? I heard that he already has a girlfriend. Hmm, quite bad ass," he mocks me. "My friend who is now one squad with him told me," he adds after realizing my questioning look. "And why he told you?" my lips draw into a thin line. "Because he wants to know if Katniss Everdeen is available." I was caught off guard for a while, because for the first time in my miserable life Cato has just called me by my real name. "Tell him that even the most handsome man in earth can't have my heart," I regain my thoughts and respond. "Glad to hear, I don't even know what he'd like from a slum girl like you anyway," he shrugs in annoying way. "Oh he must be blind, or probably I am really hot," I smirk and drink again. "I agree that he need to check his eyes," the man in front of me salutes me with his glass. Then suddenly he drops it and pulls out his dagger from its sheath on his pants. I gasp when he launches it at me and stabs the bark behind me. His breath felt hot in my ear and gave me goose-bumps; that's my weak spot. "You don't feel its presence aren't you? As a hunter you put your profession to shame," he turns to face me. I look up and saw a dead snake, its head pinned to the bark thanks to Cato's knife. My mind shouts danger. I feel shame for feeling this but I feel an urge to touch him, yes, Cato. It's been a while since Peeta ditched me and left with his kisses and love making. I should be handling that like a piece of cake, since I'm not going to die because the lack of sexual actions, right? But now the tension builds in my body. "Shut- aww!" I try to push Cato away but end up hurting my shoulder wound. He didn't move an inch. "Where was this coming from?" he let his hand go from the dagger and pulls my arm. I don't respond and avert my face. Our faces are close, too close. If he wasn't a sick bastard he would probably be perfect. I know he's handsome but I never realized how handsome he really was until we were only inched apart. "From the mutts which strangled you after you made me owe you?" he laughs, and for the first time I sense no arrogance in his voice. It even sounds… nice. "Whatever," I finally look at him and try to pull my hand. He doesn't let go. "What are you doing?" then my brows twitching as I watch him open his pouch with his free hand. "Let go," I pull harder but his grip tighten. "Stop moving or I tie you," he glares at me, running out patience. "Feel free. We were always tied, remember?" I glare back at him to let him know that I won't go down without a fight. "Then that means that now I can win because it's you who won last time," he smirks. And I know that it useless to forcing him to let me go now. "No one around, so you finally decide to abuse me in private?" I stop moving and decide to save my energy for later. If he does something odd I'll push him from the tree, and that will require so much strength. "That sounds interesting, but I happen to have the right medicine to heal it," he chuckles sarcastically and pulls a glass flask from the pouch. I stare at the symbol on the flask. I know that medicine. "It's expensive." Another realization hit me; first, how rich he is if he able to afford it, and why is he still in Hunger Games? Second, I don't want to owe someone, especially Cato. "I can't use it," I thrash again. "Don't be so stubborn! I don't want to owe you; just accept this as my payback so we're even, and I know you'll need it because tomorrow the Capitol will send you to track whatever was behind the attack today," he finally loses his temper, but surprisingly he doesn't yell at me like usual. His tone is harsh, but not rude, not brutal. And his grip is surprisingly firm, not tight. "How'd you know?" I know that I must look surprised right now because he grins that victory grin. "It's simple, when you're team goes, my team goes. I thought you're the master of reading patterns," he really enjoys mocking me. "Fine, even sounds good. Shut up," I spat at him and surrender. I let him open the bandage Rue put before and again I was surprised with how gentle he is. He removes it softly so I won't feel any sudden streak of pain. He laughs when I wince as he applies the ointment against my wound. "It doesn't hurt," he continues his actions. And he's right; it gives a nice cooling sensation in my skin. "See?" we watch together as my wound closes, as the skin heals until it fully flawless. Then something I don't anticipate happens. When I smile and was about to say thank you, he suddenly bends over and kisses my upper arm, near my collar bone, right where the wound had been before. I shiver and freeze. I don't think he did it on purpose; it was probably an accident because I saw his eyes widen for a moment and he quickly pull back. "See you later, girl on fire!" he says coldly and jumps off the tree. At that moment I wish that I will never, ever, have an encounter with Cato again. But damn, he left his medicine and his dagger with me. And when I looked down to call him, he has already disappeared into the dark side of the forest. This is where you leave review ^^