first thing I've said since he showed himself and my voice is deeper than usual, almost…seductive. ' What is happening to me?' Logically I know it's the blood, that started this feeling smoldering inside me, but he has brought it flaming to the surface and it's coming out of my mouth without my permission. I must have surprised him because his eyes round a bit when I speak but then he's smiling that teasing smile again. Thankfully he doesn't bring it up. He just continues his story, laid back with one arm propped on his raised knee, the other on the floor, holding the weight of his upper body in a leisurely fashion. "Right down the road from here," he agrees. "I've been in town just over a month. On my off days I walk toward town. I saw you earlier this week, bringing the plastic sheets in, looking around to be sure no one was watching. You missed me behind those overgrown bushes across the street, though." I can feel the tension set in my jaw at his intrusive behavior. He must have seen it because he laughed again and suddenly I'm not angry. I feel that same pull in my chest, instead. It's harder to ignore this time and I nearly gasp at the force of it. "You knew what I was planning from the moment you saw the plastic, didn't you?" I ask, the knowledge hitting me. It was how he knew to come back here. He is like me and wanted to be here when I did it. I am angry at this again but part of me is also relieved that I'm not alone. When I look up at him, his stare is intense and consuming. He leaned forward again and this time I did too, waiting for his answer, not sure of which one I wanted. His eyes are searching mine before he finally whispers, "Yes. I knew." His warm, blood covered hand is on my cheek again and I think about pushing him away a second time. But the feeling in my chest when I look at him, the lust in my veins, my itch, the degradation lying in congealing puddles of darkening, sticky ruin and the brownish drying fluids on my own body won't allow it. I lean further into the pressure of his palm then finally pull my own hand out of the wound for the first time since Peeta approached me. I think I know where this is headed. Usually the idea would repel me, but here with all these eventualities surrounding me, I am suddenly thrown into the romanticized feeling of completion and I want it all. Slowly, I touch his face and I feel Peeta let out a sigh, of relief and want, as I smudge his face and throat with my tarnished fingers. I'm kissing him and he's thrusting his tongue inside my mouth and it's hunger and it's need. Before I know it is happening, Peeta has gotten to his knees and pulled me over Cato's legs to sit on his lap. All I can think is that I need as much of my body caressing his as possible. He must feel the same because when I start to pull and tug on his shirt he glides it off and tosses it to parts unknown with vigor. His mouth is all over me now, uncaring of colliding with the smears of red that are beginning to feel tacky and tight on my flesh. It's all going so fast but I unexpectedly find myself just as unconcerned of that fact as his tongue and lips are of the blood on our bodies. Somehow our clothes are soon removed in our heated ardor and there is only that feeling of wholeness as we consummate my success. After, I realize what I've done is very unusual behavior for me. Sex with a stranger? It strikes me that anyone else would think how sick we are, coupling next to a dead man, covered in his blood. Somehow, as he looks at me, it occurs to me that even though it is strange, I don't care. My instincts are always right and right now, looking at him, I know that he is kismet in the flesh, here for my happiness. I'm leaning over, kissing his lips, his jaw, when I become conscious of something else entirely. With my mouth against his, I say, "You could have started making all that racket while I was trying to unload from car and drag him in here." I'm smiling, and I know he can tell I'm teasing. Something that only Prim usually understands about me. Peeta gives me that low laugh that brings up the speed of my heart and sets my skin on fire. And he whispers against my lips, "I'll help you get the body out." In a town this small, it really is easy to find who you've come home for. Author's Note: Contact with another person's blood and unprotected sex can lead to gross diseases. Do not practice at home! AN2: So obviously there's a lot of Dexter references in this but it was a big inspiration for Katniss. She's so small that without that bow and arrow she'd need quite a bit of help. Also, I think ketamine is a better choice than the m99 as it's fast acting enough for the story but it does have side effects that I didn't mention in this fic. It's generally used for anesthesia in hospitals. I don't think it lasts quite as long as I made it, either without steady application, anyway, but…hey, fiction! Yay! AN3: I have ideas for two prequels, one centered around Peeta's past and how he finds out his own preference for death and one that sheds more light on Katniss and Prim's relationship/past. I'm also tossing around ideas for a sequel, all depending on how this one is received so please tell me what you thought!