world I can see it only brought despair because I allow people, that sort only power and control lead me. You'll never know, no matter how many head doctors you get to analyse me what it means, to feel like to be me. I killed Coin because of her plans for the future, to hold a new type of Hunger Game using the capitol children. Why, after everything we've lost, fought for would she want that other than to control out of fear. Yes some people would agree that the deserve to know what it feels like to watch your children run in terror, to die in terror knowing that only a black void waits for them but how long in-till those games spread, using the children from the other Districts, how long till we had a worse version of Snow. Because while Snow was evil in every sense, he knew the difference between senseless killing and what Coin envisioned. The death of everyone." he shakes his head, the whole court room reduced to silence. "Coin would have been worse but you want to know if I'm a threat to you... no, I'm not and though you can never believe that the most I want is for some sort of life I had before the games. Boring old Peeta Mellark, not the phoenix or the star-crossed victor but the quiet boy who lived in District twelve unknown to the world. That is what I want, so if you can't give me that, then please for the sake of everyone kill me know because all of this." his tells them, motioning to everything around him. "This is the end for me, no more phoenix, just no more..." a silence pause takes everyone over before we hear it all, form outside the court room in the squares of the capitol, where the session was being broadcast the thunder applause from the crowds as it slowly spread into the room itself. Everyone on their feet, even the jury. As it quiets down and everyone looks to the president-elect, wondering what she'll think there is total silence. You could hear a pin drop. Standing the president looks to Peeta and sighs. "Your right, it was murder and we will never know truly what it means to be you... or a victor. Never should we have thought we could have because no, unless they experienced it can describe the horrors of the arena and from that I am truly sorry. Coin from the few meetings I had with her could be described as the very embodiment of manipulation, always ready as yourself said to sacrifice anyone, no matter the relation to the problem to get her way and yes it would have led to a second rebellion with no clear winning at the end. Never the less your actions, to kill a president can't go unpunished and it is here by the rule of this court that you be released into the care of Haymitch Abernathy for the period of ten years, continued mental evaluations to be on-going." she sits down and looks at Peeta. "In a world as the one we hope for, no matter the reasons for actions murder is unacceptable but Peeta I want to say this to you. Not as the President elect or a support of the phoenix but as a person. We, as a nation can never thank or repay you the debt we owe, never truly show our thanks for everything you have sacrificed to give us this world but I want to say it... thank you." he nods, breathing deeply as a few tears roll down his face. "As far as the exams go, I'm certain phone calls will be sufficient, a hovercraft will be ready by morning tomorrow to take you back to district Twelve, as well as equipment for anyone wanting to move back. We will help with the rebuilding of the new twelve. The victors house where left untouched and made available to those wishing to move back, as well as camp sites set up until proper housing can be allocated. You'll have your wish Peeta, you'll have your peace." he looks like he about to speaks but swallows the words and nods his thanks, the hammer going down and people filing out of the court room. I along with Effie walk up to him, Effie hugging him and me placing a hand on his shoulder. "Your father would have been proud Peeta." he smile before hugging me and I embrace him as a son because that's what I've come to think of Peeta as. My son. -back in twelve.- the hovercraft trip was short, eight were sent back, three with passengers and the rest building materials. More would follow after the building had begun. We landed in the waste, the desolation left by the capitol and slowly we begin to make our way back to the victors village. Entering Peeta's house first to get him settled. He hasn't slept since the morning of the trail, so he thinks it be good to finally get some. Only I never expected to meet the people in his living-room. There standing in front of us, stopping the easy-going conversation Effie had managed to start with Peeta is Katniss Everdeen, her family and the Hawthorne's. "Peeta.." she whispers, tears forming in her eyes. Out of all the things I expected to happen, the main being the both rush into each others arms I never expected what Peeta did. Rustling around in his bag he pulls a gun, fully loaded and points it at Katniss's head. "I was waiting to use this until I was alone but now seems the right time as well." closing my eye's and breathing deeply, I listen to the sound of a gunshot ringing throughout the house. Fairy tale endings never happen. A/n; hoped you liked, the next chapter should be up in a couple of days. Any comments would be appreciated. D12Chloe.