in pain. She had a huge burn on her leg. You can do this Katniss; you can get through this I thought to myself. I watched as she cut down the tracker jacker nest and became allies with Rue. I smiled at Katniss being with Rue, it reminded me of her being here with Prim. I watched as she blow up the careers supplies. I smiled, that's my girl. I watched as Rue's life soon ended. I didn't even know her but I felt like I wanted to cry. These games were so unfair! At that nights dinner Prim and I gave a toast to the small girl from district 11, Rue. And then I watched as it was announced that there could be two winners in this game if they were from the same district. I watched Katniss search for Peeta. There could be two winners I thought. I smiled at the remembrance of that day I talked to Peeta's father; we could both have our winners. I watched as Katniss found Peeta and they found a cave for shelter. And then I watched as they kissed. I felt as though my heart had been ripped in two. Everything I had hoped for was wrong. He loved her and she loved him. I couldn't stand to watch anymore, I got up and went for the door. "Gale!" I heard Prims small voice behind me. I opened the door and ran for the woods. I sat on that hill, remembering when she too sat here with me. I should have told her I thought. Would this have turned out differently if I would have told her I loved her? I thought about the first time I had talked to her. "Well, Catnip, stealing's punishable by death" I had said to her. It wasn't the rabbit that she had stolen from me that day, it was my heart. I remembered her on that hill that day. "We could do it" I had said, "Leave the district. Run off. Live in the woods. You and I, we could make it." I thought about her and I in the woods together. I remembered the many days we had spent in these very woods. Me with my snares and her with her bow, we made a great team, or so I thought. Then my mind shifted to her kissing him. It could all be for show I kept telling myself. I just couldn't get myself to believe it though. I remembered the day of the interviews, "Because she came here with me" he had said. I remembered that look in his eye and I knew it was true, I knew he loved her. I could tell because I too had the same feelings. "You remind me of my boy" Peeta's father had told me. Maybe we were alike. Well alike in the way we felt about Katniss. I finally left that hill and started to walk home. Sleep was almost impossible that night. I decided that I wasn't going to watch anymore of the games. I wanted to see if Katniss won but I just didn't think I could handle it. That's when there was a knock on our door. I went to it and found Prim standing on the other side. "What are you doing here?" I asked her. "I need you Gale" she said. "I need someone to be there with me. Just in case" she said with tears in her eyes. I bent down and wiped the tears from her eyes, "I just can't watch anymore" I told her. "There are only four of them left" she said, "I think they could win." I smiled, "I know they can" I said. She took my hand and guided me to the house. "Do you really think so?" she asked. I looked down at her, "I really think so." She smiled, "I miss her so much" she said. "I do too" I replied. We were in the house now. I looked on the small television to see Katniss and Peeta running from mutts. They climbed the cornucopia where the dogs could not get them. But they weren't the only ones there. The district two boy stood ready to fight. And that's what they did, fight. I sat nervous that her life would end here. She's come so far, just a little farther I thought. I looked and she had an arrow ready in his direction. But if she shot the arrow, Peeta's life would be ended also. "Go ahead" the district two boy said, "I'm dead anyway." I watched as she shot the arrow, it hit his hand and he fell to the ground. He was soon surrounded my mutts and his life soon ended. I found myself getting up and cheering. "She did it!" I yelled. Prim was standing next to me smiling. I picked her up and swung her around. "She did it!" she repeated. And then my face turned back to the screen as a game makers voice said there could now only be one winner. "What!" I yelled. "That's not fair!" I heard Prim yell. "Go ahead, shoot me" I heard Peeta's voice say. I knew Katniss could never kill the boy. I watched as she pulled out some berries. "What?" Peeta asked. "Together" Katniss said. I looked over to see Prim was crying. I took her hand. Tears soon started to fill my eyes. "1…2…3" they said together. I watched as they brought the berries to their mouth. No! I thought. And then I heard the voice of the gamemaker, "Wait! Stop! Ladies and Gentlemen, we have our winners!" "Yes!" Prim yelled, "She really did it! Katniss is coming home!" And yet that wasn't the first thought that crossed my mind. I knew at that instant that Katniss could never be with me. No matter what she wanted or felt, the capitol would let her be with no one else but him. Katniss and I would never be.