gave me one of his signature perfect-teeth smiles. "Maybe I'll show you just how good I am later." I shook my head. "How many girls have rejected you?" "Only you. You, my sweet axe-bearing princess, play hard to get and I do like a challenge." He winked and started off down the trail, obviously wanting to have the last words. I jogged to catch up with him. "Don't call me princess ever again!" "Why not? You can call me prince charming if you want." He started chuckling at his own joke as I groaned with frustration. "You are not charming. If you were charming, I would have let you into my pants by now." It was the honest truth, mostly because I craved any form of intimacy right now. "So, you're saying I have a chance?" An amused grin grew on my face. "You will have to try very hard, my gorgeous King of the Sea." Finnick was fun to mess with. "Did Katniss seem a bit of a prude?" The topic change was sudden and the mention of her name sent my stomach turning. There was a good possibility that was also related to the rain. "Did you see how red she turned when I was naked? It's not like any of us haven't seen a naked body before." "I was intimidated, not going to lie. You have a very stunning body. Nice abs. Makes me feel ashamed of my own." Finnick glanced over his shoulder at me. "You just earned yourself a gold star. Only a few more and you may just earn yourself another peek." I bit my lower lip and raised my eyebrows at him when he glanced over his shoulder again. "Doubt it. Was it just me or were you instantly smitten with her?" There was a teasing tone behind the question. I thought about his words and decided not to answer. Instead, I listen to the rain against the hood of my jacket and willed away the anxiety building inside my chest. Maybe it was best that the conversation continue. "I've not smitten. I don't get attached to people very easily." "Are you saying that you are not attached to me?" "Not one bit. I could leave you right here and now and not think another thought about it." "Now, I find that difficult to believe. You have kept me around for some reason." "I'm not the attached one, you are though. You're the one that followed me when we crossed paths." This silenced him for a minute while he thought of a reply. "You are brutally honest." There was a hint of hurt in his response. I shrugged it off. "Why else do you think I don't get attached? I have no one to get attached to because I'm too honest for everyone." It was true. No one liked my honesty and they were all too afraid to call me out on my bullshit. It was only a matter of time before Finnick would get tired of it and dismiss himself as well. He objected though. "I won't leave. I like you and it is refreshing to be around someone with no inhibitions. Now, tell me some facts about oak trees." It's like he knew when to change subjects. Just another reason to keep him around. I thought about his request. "Well, they are very important trees, especially on the Appalachians. Oaks carry acorns, which are a food source for birds and mammals, you know, bears, deer, and I believe quails. There are two major groups: red oaks and white oaks. The red oaks have pointed lobes on their leaves and the white oaks are the rounded leaves. They are very easy to identify, as well as the pine and birch." "Fascinating." I watched him gaze around before pointing to a patch of grass and flowers. "Those are Bluets? Tell me about those." "Yes." Finnick was a quick learner. Telling him facts was fun and I enjoyed the game, though it was becoming obvious that he figured out that I needed distraction from the rain. "Latin name caerulea, meaning sky blue, which describes the color of their four petals. They have a yellow eye in the center. Often found in grassy patches, like what you pointed out." He stopped and pointed to a flower we had yet to pass. "What is this and why does it smell?" I chuckled at his comment. "That is trillium, probably the most common spring wildflower. There are many species and they always have sets of threes. Three petals, three sepals, three leaves. That disgusting smell is used to attract carrion flies to help with pollination." "I would not pollinate anything that smelled like this." Finnick scrunched his nose and continued down the muddy trail. "You would be a very picky fly, wouldn't you?" "Not picky, just in search of the right flower." I imagined his eyes looking dreamily ahead. "Did you just make being a fly a romantic thing? You're disgusting." I laughed to myself and looked around, realizing that the rain had cleared up. The sky was still dull with gray clouds threatening to rain more but for now my shoulders relaxed in relief. The next three days went by quickly. We met other hikers at the trail shelter and hostel the first two nights. The terrain moved up and down but the ridges always boosted beautiful views of the mountains surrounding us. Finnick and I discussed random things, mostly anything that was not about our personal lives. He told me stories about the surfing competitions he had won and how he dropped out of school to become a fisherman. I told him all about forestry and stories about my dad and I going camping. He knew my father was dead but I didn't tell him what exactly happened and he never asked, but out of obvious respect, not disinterest. Please send reviews and comments. I love the feedback. :) Find me on tumblr at d7victor.