how wrong I was. And a month later, he began dating a beautiful blonde by the name of Edith Meriwether. My chance, if I even still had one, was gone. I'd see them out together sometimes, laughing and totally in love. He'd completely forgotten about me, and I didn't blame him one bit. They were still together when he graduated the following year. I never saw him again after that. Present day It's the end of a very exhausting first week. It's been pretty amazing, though, and a lot more fun than I ever could've imagined it to be. Peeta's been perfect as ever playing Santa, and I couldn't be more proud of him. Honestly, this job wouldn't be half as satisfying without him around. His flirting has become a normal thing, and I've gotten into the habit of replying in kind. It's like nothing bad ever happened between us. He hasn't once brought up the past, and neither have I. I'm afraid it'll put a damper on what we have going now, but I know I'll eventually have to. I'd be lying if I said I wasn't interested in him, and it's obvious he still has a thing for me, but until we finally discuss things, it'll be difficult to move forward. Even if it seems he's completely forgiven me and moved on, I still need to apologize. Not only for his benefit, but also for my own peace of mind. After everyone else has left the employee lounge besides me and Peeta, I take a deep breath and decide now is the time. "Peeta, I think we need to talk about some things," I say quickly before I have a chance to lose my resolve. "If you're going to tell my butt looks fat in this suit, I'm already aware." "There's nothing wrong with your butt," I roll my eyes, taking his hand and leading him over to a bench. "Ah, so you have been looking!" he states knowingly as he sits down beside me. "Of course I have, you have a really nice butt," I admit, biting the inside of my cheeks to keep from grinning at the look of total triumph on his face. "That's not what I wanted to talk about though." "I don't know. It seems like a pretty good topic of discussion to me," he shrugs and wiggles his eyebrows. "Naughty thoughts, Mrs. Claus? I'd love to hear them in detail." "If I told you, I'd get nothing for Christmas," I reply with a dramatic sigh. "Naughty or nice, I assure you, Santa will still come," he winks. "Anyways..." I laugh, my face heating up at his not-so-subtle innuendo. "I just wanted to say that I'm sorry." His brows draw together in confusion. "For what?" "For what happened between us before… in college. I was wrong. I knew it right after you left, but... I don't know," I shrug, looking down at my hands. "I guess I was too proud at the time to admit it. And I was really insecure. I was also a little scared. I mean, we started out on top-" "The way I remember it, you were the one who started out on top," he corrects. I look over at him with an eyebrow raised and he nods, confident in his memory. I'm surprised to see he's still smiling. It puts me a bit more at ease to say what I need to. "As I was saying," I continue, wanting to express all the things I've kept bottled up for years while I have the chance, "being with you was-and don't let this go to your head-but it was pretty mind-blowing. I had no idea it could be like that. If we'd started a relationship, we would've began right at the very top. And the problem with that is, there's only one direction to go after that." "Not necessarily," Peeta counters thoughtfully. "We could've built a house up there and enjoyed the view. It would've been much better than plummeting to the bottom because you're afraid of heights." He lightly nudges my shoulder with his, and I give a slight smile and nod. "Believe me, if I could go back and change the way things happened, I would. By the time I realized how badly I'd screwed things up, you began dating Edith, and I knew I couldn't repair anything after that. So yeah, I just wanted to say sorry. I've always regretted hurting you." "Well, I'd be lying if I said I didn't go back to my dorm room and cry like a five-year-old who fell off a bike... but mostly I just felt disappointed. It was like winning a million bucks and then losing it the very next second," he says, his tone more heartfelt and serious. My heart pounds in my chest as he reaches over and takes my hand in his, brushing his thumb over the top as he continues, "I've always wondered how things would've gone, how far we'd be right now, if things had gone differently." "Me too," I whisper. "It's not too late, you know. Like I said before, if you change your mind, I'm willing to forget all the rest," he murmurs softly, resting his head against mine. With a small laugh, he adds, "I mean, fate must have wanted us together pretty badly if it threw us together as Mr. and Mrs. Claus." "So.. do you want to go have that dinner now?" I ask, my heart feeling lighter than it has in years as I lean back to look at him. "Tonight?" "Yeah, why not?" I shrug, feeling the urge to kiss him right here and now. I only resist in case our coworkers were to walk in. I have every intention of doing it later, though. "It's a little late, but if we can't find anywhere else to eat, McDonalds is always open." "Okay," he answers, his face lighting up with a brilliant grin. "My sleigh or yours?"