information on this one..." Madge blushed and turned her attention to her coffee. She still managed to smile at the light ribbing. Katniss settled back in the chair, smiling, and proceeded to tell Madge all about what had happened after she'd stormed out on her at the sorority house. "This is not fucking acceptable!" Katniss bitched to Peeta, shaking the papers she clutched in his face. He leaned away from the intruding leaflets. "Babe..." The papers were replaced by her finger. "No, you can't sweet talk this away!" Katniss brought the papers up to her face so she could glare at them. "A 'B-'?!" she bemoaned. "How the fucking hell did we get a 'B-'?!" Peeta shrugged, grinning as he brought his beer to his lips. He continued to rub his hand up and down her thigh, partly wishing she had opted to wear those short shorts he loved so much instead of the jeans. "Perhaps it's the fucking part that's the problem here." Both turned their attention across the table, where Gale was seated. He was absently spinning his own beer around. Peeta smirked at the mildly disgusted look on the other man's face. Katniss menacingly squinted at her dark haired friend. When he noticed her look, he shrugged. "Well, you two went from one end of the spectrum to the other." He sipped his beer to fortify himself before offering his analytic explanation. "You started out the semester hating each other, then you had your patch of friendship, and then boom !" He smacked his hand on the table, causing the other people around to look at him. "You're a couple. I'm surprised your project managed to survive." Gale sat back in his seat, picking up his beer again. "You were much more enjoyable when you wanted to rip out Mellark's throat instead of ride his tiny frat boy dick, by the way," he said to Katniss. Peeta flipped him off. "Keep insulting his tiny frat boy dick," Katniss ignored the wounded look Peeta threw her. "And see if I buy any more of your drinks!" "No take-backsies." Gale said with finality. He drained his mug before standing up from his seat. "And just because you said that, I'm going to get another." He grinned, moving away from the table and towards the bar on the other side of the wall. Resisting the urge to chuck her beer bottle at his head, Katniss turned back to her boyfriend. He was smiling again, sipping more of his own beer. "What?" Peeta shook his head, lowering the bottle. "I don't think he likes me." Pouting in sympathy, Katniss patted his knee. "He was just fucking with you, Peeta." "Nah," Peeta leaned forward and placed his beer on the table. Then he took both of her hands in his. "He's pissed because you ended up with me, even though I'm the one you've hated for years." He kissed her knuckles. "He wanted a chance with you. Even after he found out you were a sorority girl, he wanted a chance." Katniss blushed. "You don't know that." "I do..." Peeta nodded. "Gale thinks he's smarter than me because I'm a writer and he knows everything about anything that happened prior to 1945. He thinks he's better than me because I'm a dumb drunk frat boy. And he doesn't understand how you went from wanting to strangle me to eye-fucking me in the middle of Tomahawk in a mere four months." "I wasn't eye-fucking you," Katniss argued, pulling her hand from his. She turned towards the table, sipping at her beer. "I was thinking about how I'm gonna suck you dry in the bathroom later." Peeta had to lean back again so he could adjust himself at the words she had murmured so innocently. "Anyway..." he tapped her ankle with his toe. "He's probably right." "About your tiny frat boy dick?" Her tone was still innocent as could be. He tapped her ankle harder. "About our fucking messing up our grade." Katniss pouted and looked at him. "Paylor couldn't possibly know about that ." "The way you practically jumped on his dick when you guys presented probably gave that away," Gale said as he rejoined them, setting his full mug down. He pointed at Peeta. "Don't you ever wear that suit around her again, especially if I'm around. It's gross. And so is this," he waved between them, "Foreplay you've got going on right here. I'm going to pee." As Gale passed behind the short wall that Peeta was using as a backrest , the blonde man frowned confusedly at Katniss. "Why the hell did we invite him again?" Katniss looked at him, her gaze defensive. "We are commiserating over our completely biased World War II seminar grades as classmates and friends." She poked his knee when he rolled his eyes at the word 'friends.' "Well, he's my friend and I like him." Peeta made an exaggerated face, taking his beer back up. Katniss looked away again, the all too innocent demeanor returning. "Plus, I invited Madge..." He laughed loudly. "This makes so much fucking sense now!" He leaned forward once more, catching the mischievous smirk trying to fight its way free on Katniss' face. "Trust you to try and hook up the most sorority of sorority girls with Mr. Anti-Greek movement." She looked to him, a hint of something special in her grey eyes. "Trust me is right." Peeta smiled. He hummed in agreement, shifting upwards to give her a very loving and trusting kiss. Comments and feedback are always appreciated! A/N: The setting for this fic is Florida State University (because it's where I went to school and I know it well). I have made a Notes post for this fic, discussing the places talked about in it, over at my Tumblr (I will post a link to it in my profile). Be sure to check it out, and feel free to hit me up with any questions you might have!