of unruly flaxen waves. Realizing several seconds have passed with me staring at said dimple, I fumble. "Umm, sure," I say, my voice an octave higher than normal. Now it's my turn to clear my throat. "I mean, yeah. Yes. I will be your partner." "Stellar." I fear that silent staring will commence again, so I blurt out the first thing that comes to mind, "Oh, thanks for the cheese bun this morning. I didn't know you were the one who makes them." "Yeah, it's me," Peeta confirms sheepishly. "We use your, I mean the, Everdeen farm goat cheese for them." I should have made the connection earlier. Though a small operation, we're the only suppliers this side of the pine curtain. After Daddy's accident at the steel mill, Mellark's Bakery doubled their regular milk and cheese order. Peeta made the weekly pick-ups at our farm on the seam of the county, but my chores overlapped his hurried visits. The basket of goodies he left were more than enough proof, though. Sometimes he included a jar of his mom's award winning salsa or a loaf of hearty raisin and nut sandwich bread. They always included fresh cheese buns. Before Daddy died, I'd never really noticed Peeta Mellark as more than a classmate. I'd known him since Kindergarten, but our family being out at the farm and him in town limited our outside interactions. At first, I wanted Prim to refuse the gifts or return them. Unfortunately, the delicious aromas and lean pantry changed my tune with little effort. Eventually, Peeta himself wore me down. I realized my feelings towards him had changed the day he included a small bouquet of Nikko blue hydrangeas in our customary weekly care package. Tessa Mellark, Peeta's mom, has had them growing in front of the bakery for at least twenty years. My mother helped her plant them soon after Leven and Tessa's wedding. The flowers for my parents' wedding, and Daddy's funeral, were from the same shrubs. At that recognition, I could no longer ignore the underlying kindness that accompanied the groceries. "Hmm, I should have remembered about the cheese. Maybe that's why I love them so much." The smile that spreads across his face raises the apples of his cheeks until his eyes are almost slits. The following blush that blossoms across his fair, sun freckled skin is delightfully endearing. I've never been a fan of pink, but this shade is quickly growing on me. It brings out the blue bonnet shade of his eyes even more. Maybe I won't fail after all... This morning, while the rest of the team is practicing our military routine, Johanna and I are battling our way through the prop room. We need to distribute field uniforms and poms poms to the Baby Jays. "We have got to plan a work day for the Sergeants to organize this mess," Jo declares in the shambles. I concur. "You think!?" I toss several more of the leather belt laces in her direction. Johanna picks one of the laces up to examine it. The lace makes a snapping sound when she pulls both hands apart. "Yeah, I can think of a few more intimate uses for these. If we have a handful to spare that is?" "Who knows what's in here," I answer. "Why are all the sequin belts not together with the laces anyway?" "Talk to Annie and our Lieutenants," Johanna replies. "They were the Sergeants last year." The Sergeants are responsible for maintaining the prop room and everything stored inside. Field uniforms, pom poms, field hoops, old officer batons, and outdated team composite portraits are only some of the many hidden treasures we literally stumbled onto today. As Baby Jay Mommy, the Sergeant in charge of the new members' smooth integration into the Mockingjays, Delly brings each individual Baby Jay to us for her uniform fitting. She comes back by again when practice is dismissed. "Don't forget to sign up for your Football Buddy," Delly reminds us. "Our first poster is due tomorrow." During football season, each Mockingjay picks a player. We make them a weekly spirit poster to put on their locker for game days, and do other special little things for them. Our identities are kept a secret from the players until the Thank You party they throw us at the end of the season. I don't really care who I get. "Thanks, Dells," Johanna responds. "I asked Madge to put me down for Darius Odair." "Katniss?" Delly inquires. "I'm going," I concede. I scan the white piece of computer paper pinned to our bulletin board. It is littered with the typed names of all the Panem Varsity football players and the hen scratch signatures of my fellow Mockingjays. At first glance it looks like every line is full. That can't be. I look again, more intently. Every line is taken except the one next to tight end Peeta Mellark. "Y'all have got to be kidding me," I grouse. The majority of the juniors on the bench to my right are not paying me any attention. But, Delly, Johanna, and Madge are visibly shaking, attempting to keep straight faces. They are huddle together on the end of the bench farthest from me. Yep, there's the culprits. Rolling my eyes, I sign my name. "Katniss," he hisses near my ear as he moves over me, in me, "I'm so glad it was you." I recognize Peeta's voice at once. His spicy scent envelops me as I inhale. I'm now certain that the mysterious element to it is dill. He jerks then stills, groaning. He collapses to my side, catching his breath, half his body still covering mine. Lifting his head from the crook of my neck, he kisses my cheek. "I hope you dance..." My alarm sounds, and my eyes shoot open, greeting the dark parking lot. "Good Lord have mercy on my soul," I whisper under my breath. It's going to be a long football season.