her mother's warmth. Katniss starts to analyze her, eager to discover more things about this little human they brought to the world. "She has your nose," Peeta says appreciatively and Katniss looks up at him, finding the eyes she always loved, and smiles, knowing how happy he is. "She's all you." "She's so beautiful," she says to him and he leans in to kiss her. "Thank you," he whispers, and she doesn't ask why. Because she knows. She knows she's thanking him for everything. What a fool. She should be the one thanking him. She does by leaning into another kiss. Then she looks back to her daughter and is surprised to find the blue eyes of her husband in her. She didn't think it was possible, but she loves her even more now. "She has your eyes!" she blurts out, consumed with emotion. "And your eyelashes," she adds, seeing how long they are, brushing against her cheeks when she closes her eyes again. She already knows she'll become fixated with them, just as she's become fixated with her father's. Peeta sits on the edge of the bed and rests his chin on her arm, his hand going around their baby girl, and Katniss links her fingers with his. "She's ours, Peeta," she whispers, not looking away from her daughter. "We made her." He kisses her temple and parrots her words, "We made her." As the afternoon fades, they stay together, discovering little things about their daughter, appreciating every move she makes, sharing their impressions of her. Peeta murmurs words of love in her Katniss's ear, of forever, of always. And she know she never felt this happy. After dinner, they are all wrapped around each other in the comfort of their couch. Katniss has her head rested on Peeta's shoulder and he holds the one-month and half old baby boy in his arms. The little girl is draped all over Katniss's lap, her mouth hanging open in a peaceful sleep, her arm still around her mother's waist. The TV is turned on, but Katniss is not hearing it anymore, the sounds mute to her ears. She is a trance, looking at the kids, trying to calm down the spiral she's been on for minutes. She's a mother . After years of thinking she would never be able to have kids, she's a mother of two and it scares the hell out of her. What if she's not good enough for them? What if she doesn't love them enough? What if she regrets all of this later? What if someone takes them away from her? She feels suffocated, so consumed with love, and nurturing, and worry that she can barely breathe straight, thinking that now that they are all together, something wrong might happen to end it all, to make her pay for ever thinking she deserved to be happy. Peeta catches her eye and drapes his hand over her knees to call her attention. "What is it?" he asks, sensing something is not right. He knows her so well, always has. She never deserved him. "How are we gonna take care of these kids, Peeta?" she questions, her voice twitchy, full of self-doubt and fear of failure. His eyes soften at the sides, and he squeezes her leg gently . "Katniss, we already are." She looks away from him, focusing on the kids. Her children , she tells herself, rolling the word around her mind like it's foreign, unknown until they both came to the world to make her hope and smile and crave for something better. With Peeta, they are all she has. And the terror of losing them, of being alone in a wild world again, swallows her whole, threatens to break her. She gazes at Peeta again, her bottom lip trembling, her heart beating fast, and she feels the fear closing around her, smothering her quietly. Then one of his arms is around her, pulling her to him, to his chest, whispering soothing words full of promise and hope, making vows for a future full of happiness, of a better world. And the warmth of them, the baby boy pressed against her side while Peeta stills hold him, and the little girl sleeping, head on her lap, comforts her enough that she can control the sobs, can think straight again, can wipe the tears away, can breathe not-so-shallow breaths. She looks up from her place, buried in Peeta's chest, and lets go of the fistful of his shirt she was grabbing. "Why did I think I could do this, Peeta? I'm so scared." A sob breaks out of her as he rubs tiny circles on the space between her shoulder blades, trying to make her relax. "I'm scared, too," he says. "But, sweetheart, we got this far. And we'll keep on going. Together ." He drops a kiss to her forehead, holds her closer. "It's going to be okay. We have each other." Katniss wipes the residual tears from her eyes to clear her vision and gazes at him him, twisting and turning the words he just said on her head. They, who still suffer from the effects of the war, who are forever trapped inside nightmare after nightmare, who are damaged and broken and somehow still alive…They made it. She, who feared not being good enough to ever carry a baby on her womb, who cringed at the possibility of ever having a child, is here. Married. With children. Somehow happy . Together they can make it. She takes a deep breath and watches her husband, her sweet, loving husband that gave her everything, things she didn't even know she wanted. And although there's still panic and doubt and uncertainty, she knows, feels they are going to be okay. "We have each other," she echoes in a whisper. Peeta smiles. The little girls stirs a little in her sleep. The baby boy yawns and his tiny hand clenches in a fist. They are all safe.