each gone through? I know I want a future, possibly a family. And I want all that with only Katniss. So as time passes and the ashes settle from all the violence. Our life is some what normal. To normal,I keep waiting for the bottom to drop out from under me. Then she is there by my side, gray glimmering eyes staring what feels like straight into my soul. It unnerves my spirit in an amazing way in some moments that this creature i admired from afar is here, sleeping in the same bed beside me. But lately I see this look on her face that tells me her mind is searching and needing answers of some kind. I worry alot and do not communicate like i feel I should with her. I know there is more to love and life than just the bare minimal we have been existing in as of late. But I just do not know how long it will take to trust myself moving forward. When the rain stopped I went out the door to the bakery. But I stopped briefly to watch Katniss as she turned on the recorded scenes of us. I watched as she smiled and reminised on those moments. My heart pounded and ached as she began to cry. But like a coward i ran to the bakery and tried not to think about it. But as it turns out that is all I ended up thinking about. When I returned in the afternoon the rain was slower but still falling. I walked in our home to find Katniss kneeling before the fire she as sobbing and could not control it. I thought maybe she was having a manic depression episode and was ready to brace myself for it. But I was mistaken. I asked what was wrong and she said "us". My heart sank to my feet. I thought she was about to tell me she did'nt want me there any longer. That she was tired of my trance like state of being , feeling sorry for myself and walking around as if I had lost everything when she was my everything. I wanted to shed my highjacked skin and come out like the old me. But then Katniss started speaking and even as I tried I was unable to answer her. She would not stop talking, though i am glad she interrupted me over and over. As she spilled her heart out to me I felt I was in a dream world. I thought I was having a shiny memory for a split second. But when I heard her say the word I love you, I melted inside. I took in everything she had said , but that was the the point I had to get her into my arms. I had to be as close to her as possible. My soul was freed when she said those 3 little words that were so huge in that moment. I wrapped my arms around Katniss and she felt light as air. After a long time passed of words and kisses I carried her to our room,our bed. And though I had never made love in any way i knew i was going to with Katniss. I was scared and elated all in one. My heart could not get any fuller. The taste of her skin,the scent of her hair,the look in her eyes like she wanted to breath me into her soul. I was so overwhelmed and full of all these desires. We spoke on the fact we had neither done anything like this with anyone before. but touching her and loving her came natural to me somehow. I knew every movement I needed to make, every part to touch and how to touch her. I took in every piece of her body that I could touch and place me was magnificent in my view, perfection and all I ever wanted was coming true in these moments. I was complete when we became one. One heart beat, one body, and one soul. I was desperate for this never to end. I brought her body to a convulsive euphoric state over and over again. I could not bring myself to stop. But when i finally reached that mark in time, I had to ask her if it was it was the most real thing that I had felt in such a long time. I was so in love with her, everything about her consumed me. I will never let this be the last happy moment we share or the last moment she feels every ounce of my heart. I belong to her, with her. My soul is teathered to hers then, now, an for always. In the morning when we wake she bears her hold on me tight, tighter still when I try to rise. Her fear and memories haunt her mind this morning. She needs me to hold her, tell her i am here to stay. She envelops me and I see that I need this as much as she. I can not contend with the emotions between us. The flood of feelings takes us over and we hold on to each other for dear life. We need each other more and more. And my life has finally come to where I belong. I knew I belonged here in this place. And now I will make every day count and make her life as beautiful and meaningful as possible. And as time passed, years of happiness and love and all the amazing little moments in between my wife and I wrote a new story for me, for us. She my muse, my beauty, my soul. She carried life in her made of our love. She gave birth to my daughter and son. And my love continued to grow beyond the bounds of my heart into my spirit. My mockingjay. She is and Always will be my solace after the fire