me a long hug. Emmanual and Gabriel are invovled in this hug. A big Mellark hug. "You won't see me for a month or two, I want you to remember me and that I love you," I tell Emmanual. My friends and I head out. I hold Hunter's hand the whole time. We walk the short distance in sad silence. I like the feeling of his hand in mine. I feel the heat coming from his hand, it feels so nice. Only Hunter, Tron, and Aqua are here with me. The rest stayed back in the hospital. Sadly, we reatch the train station, means, I'm leaving. I look around. There are so many peope from the capital standing around. I feel so out of place, but I don't really care right this minute. "Train for District One will be arriving in five minutes," an annousement echos, filling the room. I look at my friends sadly, the memories flow through me. I've been through so much with them. I hate saying good bye. I'm very good with words. I just look at them. Tron is the one who says something first, breaking the silence between us. "When you get to District Three, go to cemetary, say 'Tron loves you' to Marco DiCarlo. He's my great uncle. I never got to say good bye to him before he passed away," he requests. I put a hand on his shoulder. "I promise I will," I promise him. He nods. Aqua takes my hands. "Please, oh please, don't forget me. You are family to me, only one that's been like a sister to me. If you see any of my friends from school, tell them I say hi. They'll know that you're my friend and go up to you. Do one other thing, stay away from Ariel. Visit the beach, for me. Do that for me," she says almost crying. Tears fall down my cheeks, tears fall down her cheeks. "Of course, anything for my sis. Ariel, have to look out for her. Can you help my parents with Emmanual? Also, if anything happens that is interesting, give me a call. Beat any girl that tries to flirt with my Hunter. You're the best," I say to her. We give each other a meaningful hug, starting to cry harder. I feel a tap on my shoulder. I look over to see Luke has finally made it. He opens out his arms, I walk right into them. He is my older brother, I don't care if people say it's not true, because then their lying. "I can't belive you'll be missing my adoption ceromony, I'm legally going to be your brother. My last name will be Johnson-Mellark. The ceromony will be next week, we'll take pictures for you. Don't worry about girls around my future brother-in-law. If he cheats, he won't live to see the next day or you to explain. I care so much about you. I love you, Rosemary," he has a hard time telling me this. I look up at him. He has tears welled up in his eyes, I nod in approval. I turn to face Hunter. His gray eyes that I love so much have filled with tears of pain for me. His dark hair is messy, I want to tangle my hands in it. He's wearing a green shirts and jeans. He looks absolutely handsome this moment. I start to walking closer to him, he does the same thing. His arms go out for me. I walk right into them. He holds me close, starts rubbing my back. I look him in the eyes with my crystal blue eyes. I see the hurt in them. "Hunter, I want you to know before I leave, I-I l-," I say but Hunter's lips cut me off before I get to tell him that I love him. They're soft and warm, like melted gummies. I wrap my arms around his neck. His hands slip down to my lower back. I kiss him back, strongly. We stay like this for what seems like forever, but only a minute goes by. We finally break away, just because the need for air. I look at him, his gray eyes are flowing with tears. He lets them drop, with no shame. I have tears in my eyes, too. They eaisly fall, for the pain of leaving. I feel like that we are the only ones in the crowded train station. I bury my face into his shirt. I start bursting into tears. I soil his new shirt. He lifts my chin from his chest. "I love you, that's all that matters. We can totally make through this mess. Remember a couple months ago when we were in the same situation. The only thing different is that I was leaving. We made through that, which was so hard. We can do anything in this relationship," he says. He leans in for another kiss, I give in and he gets it. It'll be our last for a while, I want it to last. The train pulls in to the station. Everyone starts loading onto it or leaving the train. I pick up my bags next to me. My suitcase is big for the clothes I need. All my friends come in for one last hug together. "Behave!" Luke jokes. I walk to the door of the train. My transportation to leave my love ones is right in front of me. I have my good byes given out. I blow kisses to them, just like how I did in the openning ceromony. "Bye," they say together. I enter the train. I pick my spot and press my face against . I love you, I lip out. I face Hunter. I love you so much, I lip out to him. The train screetches to a start. I feel the train start moving out of station. I see my friends, brother, and my lover disapear. Off to my tour. ent here...