went for like ripping a band off. Katniss and Gale gapped at him with their eyes wide and mouth ajar. "What!" Gale sputtered. Caleb rubbed his eyes with his thumb and pointer finger. It was bad timing as Peeta and Rye found them in the clearing. "Hey guys...Wait what's going on?" Rye asked after getting closer to them. Katniss had ignored them coming out of her shocked state. "That can't be right! I'm only 14. How am I suppose to provide for my family if I have to watch out for my baby?" She exclaims feeling like she wants to throw up because all of this is just too much for her. But she keeps the bile vomit down. Peeta and Rye are just confuses not knowing what they are talking about. "Baby? What baby?" Peeta ask. "Katniss is pregnant." Gale says throwing his hands up in the air like he can't believe it. "Whose the Dad?" Rye ask after a minute. "Yea Katniss who is the dad." Gale ask fuming already planning to beat the living shit out of this guy. Katniss looks at all of them and then looks at the ground gulping. She has to lie to them because she too scared to tell them just yet and that's a rare thing for her to ever be scared. "I don't know." She says and finches at how bad it sounds to not know who you slept with. It makes her sound even worse than her Grandmother because at least she knew who the father of her child was. "You don't know? How the hell don't you know who you fucking slept with?" Gale exclaims. Caleb puts a hand on Gale's shoulder. "Calm down Gale. Maybe she's just too scared to tell us. I would be too if you were yelling at me like that." He reasons. Katniss is glad that her uncle is always calm and level-headed. "He's right. It's not going to solve anything if you keep yelling at her." Peeta says. Gale nods and mutters a sorry to Katniss who nods. "S,o Katniss who is the father?" Caleb ask calming. Katniss runs a hand through her hair. "Cato." She says and holds her breath waiting for someone to react. "I could have guessed that." Rye says after a minute. Peeta nods agreeing. "Ok, at least I know him." Gale mutters crossing his arms then adds, " I still want to kill him though." Caleb taps the back of Gale's head telling him to knock it off. "We'll help you raise the baby, right dad?" Peeta ask his father who nods. "Yea, we will and since winter is coming up we'll keep you well fed as you get bigger." He says. Katniss nods relieved and hugs her uncle. He hugs her back petting her hair. "Remember you always have family to lean on." He whispers. She nods and lets him go. As the months go by Katniss stomach gets bigger to where it starts to show and people start gossiping at school about her turning into her Grandmother. Katniss stopped going to school after that because she hates being the center of attention. Her mom started to come around but not to her usual self all she did was continue her healers work not talking much. Hagan and Prim couldn't wait for their niece or nephew to come. They help Katniss with everything when she got too big to do things on her own. As more months pass and Katniss goes into labor Peeta, Her Uncle, Gale, Rory, Prim, Rye, and Hagan where all there. Peeta and Gale where getting their hands squished from Katniss's death grip as Prim and their mom delivered the baby. Katniss felt relieved when the baby was out. Prim announced it was a baby boy as she cleaned it up and wrapped it in a blanket giving it to Katniss. Katniss smiled at him in through her tears. His eyes were grey with specks of blue and little blond hair on his head. She didn't have time to look at his other features as she yelled out in pain. The baby in her arms started crying and was taken away by her uncle. "What's wrong with her?" Rory asked. Mrs. Everdeen looked up at them. "Another baby is coming." Was all she said and went back to her task. Everybody was shocked. "What?" Katniss exclaimed in pain. This is one of District 12's disadvantages as because they don't have the equipment to check the gender of the baby or how many you're going to have. As the second baby started to come Katniss couldn't help but wish Cato was there with her, but her family was enough. "It's a girl." Prim said cleaning up the baby, wrapping it in a cloth and giving it to Katniss. She took it eagerly wiping the sweat off of her forehead cradling the crying baby in her arm. She soothed her baby girl getting her to stop crying. She had brunette hair and icy blue eyes with specks of violet. Katniss couldn't help but think that she had her dads eyes. Caleb brought her other baby to her and she took it in her other arm now holding both her babies. "Do you know what you're going to call them?" Rye asked quietly so he wouldn't disturb the now sleeping babies in her arms. Katniss nodded. "His name is going to Skye. Skye Ross Valentine" She says looking at her baby boy. "I like that name." Hagan comments. "What about the girl?" Gale ask quietly looking at his precious niece. "Raven Faith Valentine." Katniss says. "Your not giving them your last name?" Prim ask. Katniss shakes her head. "No, I want them to have Cato's." She says. They nod in understanding. "We have a lot of work cut out for us." Gale mutters. Katniss nods with everybody else. "We do." And so the story begins about the life of a young mother Katniss Hope Everdeen.