the back of Cato's throat. The pain quickly passed as an all-to-familiar sensation washed over Peeta. Cato's hands expertly guided Peeta's hips in a steady rhythm, as their bodies met again and again. "Fuck Peeta!" grunted Cato, tossing his head back a little. Peeta felt Cato's movements becoming less controlled as he pounded into him for several more minutes. Ecstasy coursed white hot through the two of them. A flood of white blurred Peeta's vision, as one of Cato's hands began to stroke him slowly. With one last pump Peeta found his release and poured his warm seed all over Cato's hand, biting back a scream of pleasure. Cato let out a string of curses and erupted deep inside of Peeta, both boys staring into each other's eyes trying to catch their breath. Peeta leaned down and scooped up handfuls of water and cleaned both Cato and himself off. "Mr. Mellark?" rang out the voice of Dr. Novak's assistant as she entered the sphere of ivy in search of him. She let out a tiny squeak of surprise and embarrassment at the sight of them and spun on her heel, bolting back inside. Peeta looked at Cato mortified, frowning at Cato laughing at his expression. "I told you someone would see us," said Peeta hitting him playfully. He moved to go after her, Cato slapped his ass as he left, "Don't be gone long." "I won't be," said Peeta with a smile. Peeta walked through the winding halls of the hospital, finally finding his room. He eased the door open gently peering inside nervously, "Claudia?" he called out in almost a whisper. Glancing around the room, he found himself alone. " You'd think two men wouldn't traumatize her like that. That sort of thing is common in the Capitol." He turned towards the armchair turned toward the window, a head of white hair currently occupying it. "Nice of you to join me," called out a voice that demanded respect, "Peeta, you're a curious one, you seem to move from one plaything to the next rather quickly." " How does he know about Cato? Did he watch us?!" thought Peeta in disgust. "Miss Claudia seemed rather perturbed when she came in so I gave her the day off," said Snow, rising from the plush armchair. "I mean no disrespect sir, but do you need something of me?" asked Peeta, gulping down the lump rising in his throat. Snow's gaze burned into his skull as if skimming through his secrets and memories like an open book. Not that he didn't know every secret about him already. "Not the type for idle chat it seems, pity I didn't peg you to be so much like Miss Everdeen," said Snow, the smell of blood and roses beginning to suffocate the room in its sickeningly sweet stench. "Well then to the business at hand, it seems Peeta that I require a favor from you," continued Snow, picking up one of Peeta's sketchbooks. "A favor sir?" asked Peeta casually, watching Snow skim through his artwork. "These are very beautiful," commented Snow setting the book back down. "You seem like a smart young man Peeta, so you must know with war comes casualties . On both sides… and with casualties we risk losing a sustainable population." "And then we have a broken system," finished Peeta for him. Snow gives an approving nod, clearly amused, "I need you to call for a ceasefire on a nationwide broadcast. This war will end in a bloody stalemate. So what's there really to win?" he asked. "Absolutely nothing sir," replied Peeta monotonously. "And you're absolutely right," says Snow flashing his white teeth in a feral smile. "You just have a way with words unlike Miss Everdeen. I'm sure that in time, you could convince all of Panem to lay down their arms. By doing this for me, you will save countless lives not to mention I will spare the lives of the remaining Victors: Mr. Odair, Miss Cresta, Mr. Abernathy, Miss Mason, Enobaria, Beetee, and yourself." "What about Katniss?" asked Peeta, knowing this was a test. "She will be spared as well," said Snow in confirmation, "Her family too." "Sounds like there's nothing to lose for me," said Peeta with a slight shrug of the shoulders. "Excellent," replied Snow, clasping his hands together, "Mr. Flickerman will perform the interview in the City Circle tomorrow afternoon." "Sounds great," said Peeta with a nervous laugh. "I'll let you go back to Cato. Wouldn't want to keep him waiting now would we?" asked Snow turning to leave. "Sir," Peeta called out, surprising even himself. "Why did you save him?" "Three Victors aren't enough for you Peeta," Snow laughed before shutting the door behind him. A simple act of mercy was definitely not part of Snow's agenda. He had allowed Cato to live purely as a means to an end. But to what end? Peeta left the room returning to the elevator to deliver him to the bottom floor again, his eyes never leaving Cato still waiting for him in the gardens. Peeta held his gaze, lost in thought. No man had ever made him feel this way before. There was just something about Cato that called to him. Peeta glanced up at the streaks of orange surrounding the setting sun. Peeta knew one thing. The girl on fire had to be stopped before her flames brought down all of Panem with here. By whatever means necessary. A/N: Well, I think that was an excellent start, what about you guys? Can't wait to get started on the next chapter, already have it written out in my notebook for you. Reviews make the world go round :P Send me a PM if you have any questions or leave it in your review and I will get back to you. I will update as soon as I can for all of my stories. School starts back up again tomorrow which will seriously hamper my writing time ;-;