Katniss combs my hair with her fingers and sings the Meadow song, like she did this morning when I woke up from a nightmare. I can't help but cry. Katniss is trying to hide it, but she's crying too. I know it by the motion of her hands and the way she sings some words of the song. I can feel her wet fingers as she brushed them past my ear. There are so many things that I need to tell her, but nothing comes to my mind, so I just sit there and listen to the song as the warm tears run down my cheek. The time to leave to the train comes too fast and I grip tight to Katniss hand. The fear, that had momentarily hid in a dark corner of my mind rushes back and I can't go! I didn't have enough time to say goodbye. I need to thank Katniss for everything she's done for me. This might be the last time I see her, I need more time! It's not enough to! I need more! It will never be enough! "Can you take care of Buttercup for me?" I ask the first thing that comes to my mind as the peacekeeper rushes me outside. She nods with a sad smile. I hug her one last time. "I love you so much." "I love you too." She mumbles, kissing my forehead. "Now tug you tale in, little duck. Remember your promise. I will see you again." She waves sadly as Effie escorts me and Gale into the car that will take us to the train station. Effie talks excitedly about the train and the Capitol during the whole car ride. I watch the streets of the District where I grew up. I realise that this might be the last time I see them and it feels like a hot rock was set on my stomach. "The train travels so fast and you don't even notice." She says, I don't really know who she's talking to, because neither me or Gale are paying her any attention. "And the food is great! You can eat whatever you want. Oh and the Capitol! You never seen anything like it! You'll love it, I know it! It's so gorgeous. All the colors and the lights..." The chattering continues until we arrive at the train station. We are escorted to the silver train by a group of peacekeepers dressed in their usual white clothes. I'm not sure who are they protecting us from. No one would be crazy to attack a tribute on reaping day. Maybe they are protecting us from ourself. Probably many tributes have felt desperate enough to try something crazy. The inside of the train, is the most luxurious place I've ever stepped a foot on. Just the carpet on the floor probably costs more than my entire house. Gale's jaw tightens as he looks around and his expression get's somber. It somewhat looks like he he's angry at the train itself. "Haymitch will be here in a few" Effie seems to expect at least one of us to answer her, but neither me nor Gale say a word. We exchange a glance after we stop hearing the clicking of her shoes and I allow my body to drop in the nearest chair. It is the most comfortable thing I have ever felt. The chair is a bright color of red and it's material is smooth as I run my hands softly through the fabric in an attempt to distract my mind, But it doesn't work very well. I'm not paying attention to this right now. I'm paying attention to the cool feel of my hands, that are still shaking badly. Even with the heat outside, the tip of my fingers are numb and freezy. I close them in a fist in an attempt to warm them, and hold my fist tight against my legs. Gale stands in the same place he was when Effie left the compartment, hanging close to the metal wall, his hands also curled into fists, but I think his reasons are different than mine. We remain silent for a minute, while I gather the guts to ask him the question that is stuck on my lips. "Why did you volunteer, Gale?" he stares at me like he just remembered I was sitting there, and for a moment, I believe he won't answer, but after a moment of silence flies by he sighs, sitting in the chair across from me. "I don't really know." He whispers, like he was speaking more to himself than to me. "I guess I did it for Katniss." "But Katniss was not reaped for the games." I reply dumbly, my brain not being able to process his answer in the right way. "But you were. And you are the most important thing in her life." He says matter-of-factly."I knew that she was going to volunteer the moment you were reaped, and I.. I don't know, the moment I realized what I did… WHat I didn't let her do… I think I felt in debt with her. I couldn't stand and let you die like that. So I volunteered" He sighs and runs his hands through his face and leans his elbows against his legs, frustrated. I don't know what to do and I don't want to make him more troubled about what he did and I don't have anything to say that isn't a lie, so I touch his arm with the tip of my cold fingers in a comforting way. He looks surprised at my gesture for a moment, and I think he's going to draw back, but he just places his hand over mine. It strucks me for a moment how tiny my hands look compared to him. But his fingers are warm and I realise that this is the comfort both of us needed right now. Well? Please reveiw and tell me what you think!