sheets harder. She leans up and kisses him slowly and sweetly, and when she pulls away, he's gasping. "I… shit… my God … fuck, Katniss… don't stop, don't stop…" Peeta screws up his eyes and she gets in one more good stroke before he spasms, hands uncurling and flexing against the bed, her name escaping his lips in a long, drawn out moan as he comes (he's loud, and she likes it). It gets all over her fingers but she catches it before it hits her clothing. It's the sexiest thing she's ever seen. He rests his forehead against hers, eyelashes fluttering, and drops a quick kiss on the corner of her mouth. "You have no idea," he says. "You have no idea how much I've gotten off thinking about you doing just that." When his breathing has returned to normal he gets up slowly to find a washcloth, and Katniss admires his body unabashedly as he cleans himself and wipes off her hand. He notices her ogling and winks before turning his attention to her half-naked state. Katniss catches her breath when he rubs his fingertips gently along the swell of her breasts, then reaches around her for the bra clasp. "May I?" he asks, as if nervous, and she can't resist being snarky to him. "I just gave you a mind-blowing orgasm, and you're asking if you can take my bra off? Such a gentleman, Peeta," she mocks. He smirks in response. "Mind-blowing? Aren't you conceited. I'll show you mind-blowing." He unhooks the bra deftly and tosses it aside. Then he pushes her backwards gently until she's lying on the bed and steps back, just looking. His eyes darken further. She shifts uncomfortably and tries to cover herself, but he stops her. "Don't do that. You're beautiful." Katniss is about to protest this, but he effectively shuts her up with a kiss and then trails his lips down her neck, laving a path from her collarbone to the top of her right breast. When he latches onto the nipple, sucking softly, she gives a sort of scream and arches upwards into his touch. At the action, she feels the start of another hard-on against her leg, but she's too far gone to care. Whatever Peeta Mellark does with his mouth should be damn illegal . In a flash, he's worked off her jeans and is tracing the line of her sopping panties. He places a kiss between her breasts and follows with dozens more down her stomach, until he reaches the edge of her underwear. She's a hot mess, and he hasn't even gotten to the best part yet, fuck him. And oh, how she wants to fuck him. How very, very badly. He's a merciless tease, though, and it seems to take him years to pull her panties off and away. When they're (finally) gone, he rubs a tantalizing finger down her slit and kisses her again, like he's trying to distract her from the extremely important going-ons down under. Katniss lets out a piteous moan. "Peeta… please…" "Please what?" he says, straightening slightly. She squirms, wanting those devilish hands back on her body, but he strays just out of reach. "Fuck me," she breathes. He gives a sort of strangled groan, which encourages her to continue. "With your fingers, your mouth, anything , just… please, Peeta." He lifts an eyebrow. "Are you ready for that mind-blowing orgasm, then?" "Never been readier," she begs. Still, she has to choke down a cry when he swiftly moves over her and presses two fingers inside of her, at the same time leaning down to secure her lips with his. Without really knowing what she's doing, she grinds her hips down on his hand, wanting more, yearning for that incredible release that she's sure he will grant. When he presses his thumb down firmly against her nub, she expels his name and drops her head back, fisting the sheets in a desperate attempt to alleviate the tension coiling quickly in her belly. Vaguely, through the haze of pleasure, she realizes he's breathing just as hard as she is, whispering sensual things into her ear while his renewed erection pokes her bare thigh and his fingers plunge in and out of her. She spills her moans to the ceiling, not caring who hears – it feels so fucking good , and she doesn't want it to stop. Just before she gets there – before her body explodes and she collapses in an overload of sensation – he pauses. Katniss nearly shrieks in anger; she wants to hit him (but she can't, because she's on the brink of coming… she's so damn close), but all she manages is a weak sort of whimper, which is quickly cut off when his fingers are replaced by his mouth. She grips the sheets so tight she's sure there will be handprints when she lets go, and arches her back so high that Peeta has to hold her down. His lips caress her folds and moisten her slit (like she can possibly be more dripping than she already is) and when he finds her clit and flattens his tongue against it, she screams so loudly she almost breaks her eardrums, her orgasm overtaking her like a tsunami, washing away all sense and feeling until she's a writhing mass of nothingness, an endless wave of pleasure that floods her body and carries her to the stars. When she returns to earth, Peeta is standing over her, a satisfied grin on his face, his arms crossed over his broad chest. "So, Everdeen, was that mind-blowing, or was that mind-blowing?" She manages skepticism. "I don't know, Mellark. You might have to it again, just so I can be sure…" He laughs and drops forward, holding himself up by his arms. He looms over her. "Still think I'm gay?" She kisses him in reply, pulling him fully on top of her. He chuckles against her lips. "That's what I thought."