wasn't. Feeling tears stinging my own eyes, I'd have to look at a wall or something so I wouldn't give myself away. Eventually she stopped expecting anything, and I think the apathy that came afterwards was more crushing than anything. I felt guilty for giving her hope and stealing it away again. She still didn't eat school lunches when we got to high school, opting to sit in the library and read instead. I used to sit a few tables away and pretend to read or do some homework, but really I was just curious and wanted to learn a bit more about her. A lot can be said about the books that people read, and I'd often find myself checking out the ones that she'd finished, just to have a brief glimpse inside her mind. I hope this year will be different, though. Hopefully we'll finally become friends and I can bring her lunches again. "Sorry about the car. It's as old as I am. It's mine though, and it runs okay. So I guess it's better than nothing, right?" "I think it's nice," she reassures me. "Thanks," I reply, and I can't prevent the grin that comes to my face at her kind words. It gives me hope. I keep my eyes on the road and state as casually as I can, "That's good to know. You'll probably be riding in it a lot…." "Why?" she asks with genuine confusion. "I'll be giving you rides back and forth for work," I explain quickly, hoping this revelation doesn't make her uncomfortable. I guess the thought hadn't crossed her mind how much time we'll be spending around each other, and how often we'll be in my car. "Oh," she answers, and doesn't say anything else as she peers out the window, seeming lost in her thoughts. I wish I could ask her what she's thinking about. "You'll be working with me, by the way. I'll be training you. My brothers don't really hang around the bakery much, if you're worried about that. I know they can be jerks. Anyway, Appam is off at college, and Proja has his sports training and games. When he does work, it's only on weekends with Dad," I tell her, realizing that my brothers might cause her some concern. They've never been very nice to her, just like the other kids in school. They also know about my crush on her, and used to go out of their way to pick on her just to rile me up. I remember how, when we were younger and had to ride the bus because Dad was out of town for a week, they'd sat next to her and told her in saccharine tones how pretty she was and even asked if she'd be Proja's girlfriend. She knew they were being sarcastic and refused to reply; she'd simply stare out the window with tears in her eyes as they then accused her of thinking she was too good for him. After a while, they'd laughed at their own cruel jokes, and even told her that I'd said a bunch of horrible things about her that I never said. I desperately assured her that I hadn't, but she didn't respond at all, and to this day I wonder if she remembers any of that or if she believed what they'd said. I still resent my brothers over it, and it caused a rift between us that I can't see ever being repaired. We might be blood, but we're as different as day and night. For people I've lived with my entire life, I can't remember the last time we even spoke to each other in a less than formal way. I push these thoughts out of my mind as I see her driveway coming up and turn my blinker on to turn in. "Uh… you can let me out here!" Katniss says all of a sudden, her voice full of panic and fear. "What?" I ask, but I listen to her and stop the car. "It's not that much further, I can—" "No. Please… just let me out here?" she replies pleadingly. I notice her hands are trembling as she grips the bag of rolls, and her eyes are darting around as if she's a trapped animal. I have no idea why she won't let me go the end of the driveway, but I know there's something there that she's scared to death of me seeing. "Okay," I answer wistfully, saddened at the thought that the place she calls home, the one place where she's supposed to be the most comfortable, surfaces this much anxiety in her. She opens the car door and quickly steps out, as if afraid that I might change my mind about driving her all the way. I'm curious, but I won't betray her trust… especially since I haven't earned it yet. She hesitates for a moment before leaning over and telling me through the rolled down window with a wary, slight smile, "Thanks for the ride." "Anytime," I reply. She nods and starts to walk away. I call out her name, and she turns around and arches an eyebrow in question. "You know I wouldn't judge you, right?" I ask her meaningfully. She releases a long breath, and though she doesn't look like she believes me, shrugs her shoulders and looks away as she flippantly states, "See you Monday." Before I can reply, she starts walking down the road at a quicker pace. And as I back my car out of the driveway, I know one thing for certain: Monday will be the day everything changes. I'm going to make sure of it. Hope you liked the scene from Peeta's point-of-view, it was fun to write. This is a oneshot, so no need to follow. I'd love to hear what you thought, though. :) If you'd like to read any other scenes from his perspective, please let me know. Also, I'm on tumblr: dandelionsunsetff