the Careers and fully capable of winning the Games. The only thing that holds Jonathon and his ego back are 23 other children, a problem Jonathon is trained to deal with in appropriate Hunger Games fashion. District 6 Female: Azzura Blue (Age 16) - Stuck in a life filled with constantly helping and pleasing others, Azzura will for once have to put the needs of herself before those of others. Entering the Games on her own, Azzura hopes to win the Hunger Games and create a better life for her battered family with the statues of Victor. District 7 Male: Joshua Awerdee (Age 12) - The mischievous prankster, Joshua is always looking for the punch line in any situation. He quickly find though that there are very few punch lines in the Hunger Games, only laughter from twisted monster known as Capital Citizens and speedy deaths by fellow tributes. District 7 Female: Willow Bark (Age 15) - Broken by years of physical and mental abuse at the hands of Peacekeepers, Willow is a bomb waiting to exploding. Willow isn't afraid, won't back down, and plans to win it all with as much bloodshed as possible. District 8 Male: Choux Crumplefoot (Age 15) - The bratty son of District 8's mayor, Choux will have to swallow his pride and attitude if he plans on making it past the bloodbath. Though perhaps he'll end up surprising everyone with his deadly efficiency with a peculiar weapon and be a serious contender for this years Games. District 8 Female: Danielle Dashwilliow (Age 16) - With her Father killed by the Capital for being a rebel and her mother hanging herself shortly after, Danielle has been forced to grow up quickly for her younger siblings. Traumatized by her parent's death, Danielle must now enter the arena and survive Gamemakers who eagerly look to make an example of her. District 9 Male: Raven Keller (Age 17) - A master of mystery and persuasion, Keller is a shadow figure in his District. With a mother who preaches the values of long lost religions, Raven fears for the safety of his family though holds such teachings of salvation as nonsense. Though it is his safety that is now in danger, a danger that only a higher power might be able to save him from. District 9 Female: Anastasia Louivere (Age 13) - In District 9, Anastasia's innocence and kindness served her well, endearing her to her fellow citizens. In the arena though she will find just how little those things truly matter when faced against killers. District 10 Male: Kaden Fenton (Age 18) - A shaky upbringing have lead Kaden to develop multiple personalities, his two dominant 'personalities' showing his true self as a kind soul who helps out everyone in the group home he's lived in since he was little. For the arena though, Kaden may come to rely on his dark self that threatens to overtake this troubled young man and wreak havoc on everyone else. District 10 Female: Willabeana White (Age 16) - A young girl whose blissful life and dreamy view of the world is rudely interrupted by the harsh reality of the Games, Willabeana is now forced to adapt if she wishes to survive; though something's, like many things in Panem, are easier said than done. District 11 Male: Damian Hoult (Age 18) - The downfall of his wealthy family has forced Damian into shady activities to support the rest of his family. Well known in the Capitol and his District for all the wrong reasons, Damian will continue to rely on the good nature of his fellow man to help him through the Games and back to his broken family. District 11 Female: Tianora Athodille (Age 14) - Wise beyond her years and humbler than a beggar, Tianora knows she will experience horrors in the arena and is ready to face them. Two years earlier, Tianora was forced to watch her best friend Rue die in the arena. She has no plans of following in Rue's steps. District 12 Male: Axel Coaler (Age 17) - The self-proclaimed savior of District 12, Axel plans on winning the Games and giving District 12 a proper Victor worthy of the Career Districts. Axel maybe more than just talk, capable of serving his district well and giving them a much needed victory. District 12 Female: Demi Nico (Age 15) - An indecisive and scared girl from District 12, Demi embodies what many people have come to expect from District 12. But she may end up surprising everyone with just as much conviction as the Girl on Fire. WELCOME TO THE ALTERNATE WORLD OF THE 76TH HUNGER GAMES! This story takes place in a world where things went quite differently from Canon. Katniss and Peeta died in the 74th Hunger Games while Cato was crowned Victor. The 75th Games occurred the following year and were extremely unpopular among Capital Citizens and the Districts, all of whom watched as Brutus won the Games for a second time. Both Games, matched with increased rates of starvation and poverty, led to several riots taking place across the Districts which threatened Capitol control. In the Capital, Snow fears it won't be long before the non-political inhabitants he rules take charge and publicly question his leadership. Faced with an uncertain future for his position of power, President Snow personally oversees the development of the 76th Hunger Games. He hopes to use these games to quell any thoughts of rebellion in the Districts and reduce sympathy for them in the Capital. However, rebellion is still fresh in the minds of the Districts. Though without the rallying figure that Katniss was able to provide, the Districts remain divided and un-convicted. With the arrival of the 76th Games, will someone emerge as this rallying figure for the Rebellion? Or reaffirm the brutality and division that the Hunger Games are meant to provide? You'll have to read more to find out... Enjoy the 76th Hunger Games!