shake my head and roll my eyes. How the hell did Gale come up with this? He doesn't have a poetic bone in his body! He liked and asked to use my poem about Madge's vagina, for crying out loud! Did they work on this together? Do they think it'll be a fun little thing to bond them as a couple – to prank Katniss with cheesy Valentine's messages? I can just imagine them cackling conspiratorially as they wrote this. I think I'll keep this card after all. Just for giggles. As class continues, I glance around the room and see a few people looking at me with confusion and curiosity. Peeta catches my eye and smiles as if to congratulate me. I keep my face passive and suck on my lollipop. He simply shrugs and turns back around to focus on the class discussion. I frown as I stare at the back of his head. I suddenly feel sort of bad for him. It must be tough being gay in a gossipy small town, especially on Valentine's Day. I'm pretty sure that he is, anyway. It really just makes sense. I mean, he's athletic, handsome, sensitive, artistic, he bakes, and he's never had a girlfriend before. Maybe I'll send him a Candy Gram tomorrow, just because. I quickly push the Candy Gram message to the back of my mind and go on with my day. Gale will definitely hear an earful about this later. At lunchtime, however, I'm met with another seemingly cheesy Valentine's Day practical joke. Someone has taped a freaking rose to my locker! Before anyone else can see the bright red monstrosity, I rip it off and shove it inside my backpack. I forcefully open my locker to put my books away, feeling annoyed and perturbed to be the butt-end of such a childish and stupid prank. I quickly look around, expecting to see Gale peek from around the corner or saunter up with a laugh. He doesn't, though. It doesn't make any sense to me. The Gale I know would definitely want to see my reaction, especially if he spent any money on it. Otherwise, what's the point? Then again, perhaps making me paranoid until the oh-so-hilarious "reveal" might just be a part of the prank. When I enter the cafeteria, I spot Gale and Madge sitting at a table. I quickly march over and sit down across from them with haste, raising my eyebrows accusingly. "What's up your ass today, Kat?" Gale asks with a snort. Madge looks concerned, but also a little amused. I narrow my eyes at both of them and purse my lips. "Oh, I think you know !" They glance at each other in confusion and then back to me. "No, not really," Gale replies slowly. "Well, besides the usual …." Madge elbows him and shakes her head. "Katniss, what's wrong?" she asks softly. I open my backpack, retrieve the Candy Gram and the rose, and scoot it across the table towards Gale. " This !" I answer. "This is what's wrong! Nice joke, Gale . Ha ha. Very funny. Absolutely side-splittingly hilarious. You can stop now, okay?" He frowns and seems taken aback, then picks up the card. Before reading it, he assures me, "I definitely didn't send you this. I didn't even send Madge one—" "Boyfriend of the year, right here," she deadpans. "Anyway, Gale didn't buy you a rose, Katniss. I know this because he's never even bought me a rose. He's way too cheap." "Exactly!" Gale cheerfully agrees. He places an arm around Madge's shoulder and kisses her cheek. "I'm rich in other ways, though." She rolls her eyes and shrugs off his arm, but can't seem to help the small smile that curves her lips. "Yeah, yeah. You're rich, all right." I shake my head and sigh loudly. I'm still not sure I believe them. "Well, if you didn't send it, then who did?" Gale looks down at the Candy Gram and begins to read it. His eyes slowly light up in amusement as he does, and then he starts to laugh. "Oh my God ! You actually thought I'd write this crap?" He snorts loudly and quickly hands the note to Madge, who starts to read it as soon as it touches her hand. "I would never . Not even as a joke!" "Awww! This is so sweet!" She smiles widely and looks up at me, ignoring Gale's laughter from beside her. She arches an eyebrow and finally turns to him. "It wouldn't hurt you to do things like this for me, you know." Gale snorts and shakes his head. "Yeah right. No self-respecting man would write that!" "That's why I thought you did it," I retort, smirking. Gale is just about to undoubtedly insult me back when Madge giddily intervenes, "I think you might just have a secret admirer, Katniss. How romantic!" Gale and I both start to laugh at this. I stop abruptly and give him an icy glare. "What do you find funny about that, Gale?" He shrugs, looking completely amused. "Everything." I want to argue, but he's right. Instead, I sigh and hastily grab the rose and the note before stuffing them disdainfully back into my backpack. "So if it's not you, someone else is definitely having a laugh." I glance suspiciously around me. It could be anyone . I decide to send warning glares in every direction, just in case the person is watching me. "Looks that way, Catnip," Gale agrees with a shrug. Madge shakes her head in disagreement. "Well, I think it's nice and sweet. Someone obviously really likes you—" "No," I interrupt, feeling annoyed and a little embarrassed. "Gale's right. Who would like me? Seriously. This is definitely a stupid prank, and they better not let me find out who they are." But I am going to do my best to find out exactly who's behind this. And when I do, it will be war .