may have told you? This is Katniss." Gale's moves are quick. He approaches her before she has the chance to take any steps backwards. "Gale Hawthorne," he introduces himself and extends a hand for her to take and, consequently, shake. She scowls at it, already aware of the fact that the simple gesture will change nothing but the stranger's opinion for her. Better yet, it will help him form one—Katniss anticipates the moment when he realizes she's not worthy of either his time or his attention. To her utter surprise, he smirks. He doesn't move from right in front of her, which does nothing but increase her new-found desire to flee the room as soon as possible. "She's different, isn't she? Catnip's nothing like the Glitter girl," he states, the amusement clear in his hazel eyes. "It's Katniss ," she corrects him. She can't comprehend Mellark's look of uneasiness. What's wrong with her being compared to this Glitter girl? (She doesn't like being compared to anyone, but she still doesn't understand why Mellark would care so much.) "Uh…Gale, that's my roommate. I've had a roommate for over a month, remember?" He huffs. "Of course you don't." "Hey, can you blame me?" Hawthorne instantly appears to be defensive. He eventually moves away from Katniss. "You wouldn't answer your darn phone." "I've had a roommate before," Peeta points out. "It's not a big deal." The whole acting-like-Katniss-is-not-in-the-room thing has started to unnerve her. She crosses her arms in front of her chest and taps her foot on the floor. She is not taken aback when she hears no sound from this move of hers—the soft thump of her sock against the floor is nearly inaudible. The two friends keep bickering like old ladies until she decides she has better things to do than standing there and watching them. "Don't forget it's your turn to clean the house today," she reminds Mellark. 'The house' consists of the first floor and the library, since they have agreed to share the second floor's chores. She takes the one half of it and he takes the other half—each one's bedroom and bathroom included "What? This week is yours!" he protests. "But I cleaned it last week," she counters. "You volunteered to clean it last week." "That makes no difference. It's your turn." "I have company." "I can call Madge. Then, I'll have company, too." "I have an idea," Gale announces. They turn to look at him. "Why don't you clean it together?" he says. They sneer at both him and his ridiculous suggestion. They are clearly on talking terms. Hanging around with each other is an entirely different story for Katniss. She wants to hope Mellark won't be asking much from her, either. "No, thanks, Hawthorne." "It's Gale ," he corrects her, mimicking her tone from before. "And I'm also sorry to tell you that you will have to clean the house by yourself. He —" he points at Peeta, "—has agreed to let me beat him at basketball." "We'll see about that." "We'll see about that indeed, Mellark," Katniss says. He frowns. "Will it hurt you to call me by my first name?" "Maybe," she says in mock seriousness. "I'm calling, Madge." Just for good measure. "Wait a minute," he asks. She does. "Do you play basketball?" She hesitates. "Yeah," she admits. "Why?" He looks satisfied. "Call Madge. I have an idea." He looks confident. . . He was a little too confident, Katniss realizes. He underestimated her and his friend—even though she and Gale were forced to become a team, she thinks she can get used to his careless spirit and forwardness—and ended up with a familiar grimace on his face. Peeta Mellark rarely lets anyone see this grimace, but when he does, Katniss has to admit she feels as if she appreciates it. It makes him human and real. The careful glances and half-smiles he has been giving her since they agreed to talk like proper roommates seemed all strange, forced and fake. He is too polite for her taste—why can't he just fight her so she can fight back?—, too good to be the fifteen-year-old boy she remembers from high school. But then again, is what she remembers correct? The faint rays of the sun are soothing against her skin, yet the soft breeze doesn't cease to make her shudder. She can feel beads of sweat collecting on her forehead, under the layers of clothes, on the back of her neck. She's cold from just standing on the backyard's small basketball court and hot by running nonstop. Mellark groans in his hands. His head is bowed, buried in his palms, while his back is firmly pressed against the column of the basketball net. "It looks like Catnip's not so bad, huh?" Katniss ignores the fact that Hawthorne deliberately got her name wrong again. "You're not so bad yourself." This, coming out of her mouth, is supposed to be a huge compliment. "I hate basketball," Madge declares. "I bet Peeta does now, too." He lifts his gaze, letting his hands fall back down and gives her a look full of query. Katniss wonders whether he has forgotten the whole of this game already. But he couldn't possibly have. He was the one to suggest it. He was the one to take Madge in his team. He was the one who lost. Katniss feels as if she has accomplished something important. She knows she has ensured herself a quiet day in the library and that's enough for now—after he cleans that room, of course. She grins at him widely, triumphantly. "I guess we know who has to do the chores now," she says, her tone slightly provoking him, challenging him. She expects to hear a clever, almost cruel repartee. What she gets in return has nothing to do with her expectations, though. It's a smile; boyish, welcoming, heartwarming. She decides that if she appreciates his frowns, then she likes his smiles. The real ones.