remember?" "I remember. But I wasn't getting hurt-" "That's what it sounded like. You were yelling really loud!" "Was I?" Her mom winces as Flora gives an emphatic nod. "Sorry. I didn't know you were still awake." "You woke me up," Flora shrugs. "Why were you yelling?" "I, uh… I was testing a new toy-" Flora's eyes light up with intrigue. "What kind of toy?" Her mom chews on her bottom lip for a moment before answering, "I can't say. It's a secret. But I can tell you it was a lot of fun, and that's why I was so loud-" Flora is not satisfied with that answer, but just as she opens her mouth to insist on knowing what this 'secret toy' is, she hears her dad's voice come from behind her with a hearty "ho, ho, ho!" Except, when she turns to face him, it's not her dad at all. Santa! Flora buries her face into the crook of her mom's neck, squeezing her arms tighter around her. "Go away! Go away!" she screams in a panic. "Flora, it's me. It's Daddy! I'm just dressed up as Santa. It's only a costume… like Halloween. You saw me kiss mommy yesterday, not Santa," he explains with a soft chuckle. She hesitantly lifts her head and peeks one eye open to look at the fat bearded man now standing in front of her. He smiles and opens his arms to her, but she still isn't convinced it's really her dad, and tucks her face back into the crook of her mom's neck. The next thing she knows, she's pulled away from her mom's embrace, into the arms of Santa. She begins to cry, trying to wriggle her way to escape, but he's a lot stronger and only holds her tighter. "Oh, sweetie, it's okay. It's your daddy. Really. You're fine," she hears her mom reassure. "Don't be afraid. Just look at him." Reluctantly giving up her fight for freedom, she does as her mom requests and looks up at the man holding her. He brings a hand to his face and pulls his beard down. Flora's eyes widen in surprise and her mouth drops open. It is her dad! But why in the world is he dressed up as Santa? Stunned speechless, despite the hundreds of questions swirling in her mind, all she can do is stare. "I'm sure you're wondering why I'm dressed as Santa?" Flora nods quickly, still in unblinking disbelief. "I'll tell you, but you have to promise to keep it a secret. Can you do that for me?" Again, she nods, giving a strong, "I promise!" "I work for Santa," he whispers near her ear. Flora furrows her brow, trying to make sense of what she's hearing. "But... why are you dressed like him instead of an elf?" "That's the secret part. Santa is mighty busy this time of year, making his lists and checking them twice. He also has to re-read all the letters he's gotten to make sure he gives the right toys to the right people," he explains. "So he asks some people - like me - to pretend we're him, to go sit in malls and places like that. See, not every child sends him a letter or tells him what they want. It's my job to listen to all those boys and girls, then report what they say back to Santa." "Oh," Flora responds in understanding. "Do you ever get to go to the North Pole?" "Yes, but only in my dreams. That's how Santa and I talk. I've met Rudolph too! His nose isn't exaggerated either - it really is as bright as a light bulb. In fact, it's even a little brighter than that." "Does he talk too?!" "Mmhmm. Sure does," he answers. "Quite a chatterbox actually." "Does Santa know who I am?" Flora asks hopefully. "Sure does," he nods. "Santa knows your name very well. You're #1 on his good list." Dread suddenly washes over as she recalls how naughty she was this morning… and how she said she hated Santa and told him to never come back. "Oh no…" she says, her bottom lip trembling. "I'm probably on the bad list now. Can you tell him I'm sorry for what I did?" "No need," her mom replies softly. "He watches everything. You don't have to be perfect. Everyone messes up sometimes. All that matters is that you do more good than bad." "I do, don't I?" Flora asks in a small voice. "You sure do," her dad assures, putting her back down on the floor and taking her hand in his. "We can take care of this room later. How about we go make some cookies now?" Her face brightening with a brilliant grin, Flora nods enthusiastically. "And maybe we can play in the snow today too?" "Of course. It's your brother's first time seeing snow, you know. We're gonna have to help him build his very first snowman. Think you can help with that?" her mom asks. "Yeah!" she answers excitedly, then finds herself curious again about what her mom had mentioned earlier. "Since Daddy told me his secret about Santa, can you tell me about your secret fun toy? I promise not to tell anyone!" "Toy?" her dad snorts, raising an eyebrow at her mom. "Really, Katniss? Please, let's hear all about this secret fun toy." Her mom rolls her eyes at her dad for some reason, then purses her lips and pretends to zip them. Although this only piques her intrigue more, Flora doesn't press further. Christmas is saved. Her dad works for Santa! She has pancakes to eat, cookies to make, and snowmen to build. She is a good girl again, which she is very relieved about because being bad was way too exhausting. She still has a ton of questions - and she'll be sure to ask them all. For now, one thing is for certain... Christmas was definitely her favorite holiday.