it was going to be and I hugged my mom for giving me this wonderful, albeit small, gift and she hugged back. Not the frail grip I was used to but a strong, comforting hug. She pulled back and said, "Now come, we have only 30 minutes to get you in the dress I made." She handed me a fancy looking green and purple dress and told me to change. I did as instructed and walked out of the bathroom. She put her hand over her mouth and said, "Oh you're so pretty. The capital will have fun with you." The last comment tore my heart, but I was used to it so I quickly healed. I looked in the mirror one more time; this time looking at the dress. It was a deep emerald-green with purple embroidery in wave patterns. The fabric was silk and I wondered where my mom had gotten it from. The neck line was a circle, but it dipped down in the back. It had short sleeves that showed off my well-muscled arms from sword fighting. My mom and I walked to the square. District Four was a large district and even though we were early, the square was already starting to fill up. Dropping me off, my mom made her way to the front of the viewing section while I signed in. Finding my way to the 14-yer-old-girls section, I carefully avoided everyone. People were in a peculiarly nervous state of mind for some reason even though they knew the volunteers would save them. I tried looking for Jackie and Cecily but couldn't find them. I decided it didn't matter, considering they'd just come say good-bye to me in the viewing time. Tapping my foot I waited impatiently for the reaping to start. I noticed that the girls' dresses around me weren't nearly as well made, but that wouldn't because I was the one going to the capitol. Finally the reaper, that's what I called him, came up to the stage. His hair was a bleached blonde; not entirely repulsive, but he his lips were bleached as well, as were his eyebrows. His eyes were a vanilla color, and his skin looked like one of those powdered donuts Cecily brings to school. He wore a white suit and he looked like a ghost. He talked a lot all about the Capitol, and then our mayor came up to read the Treaty of Treason. I zoned out through these and the clip. When the reaper reached into the bowl with the girls' names, I prayed he wouldn't pick my name, the opposite of what everyone else was doing. He pulled it out and read off in a deep voice, "The girl tribute for District Four in the 73rd hunger games is Guleyda Frisk" I stuck my hand up and recited, for I had practiced, "I volunteer." The peacekeepers came and escorted me to the stage and the reaper asked me what my name was, "Rea Jordan." He asked me why I volunteered. This was my chance to plant the seed of my strategy. I could play the arrogant card, guaranteeing sponsors; or I could act shy, guaranteeing no target on my back; or I could play it cool and confident and possibly get sponsors and allies. Cool and confident it was. "I volunteered to win." Crap that sounded arrogant. He chuckled at my response and said, "Well that's a good goal, but how are you going to accomplish it?" I didn't have an answer for that, but instead of telling him that I decided that it was time to get the spotlight off me, fearing what else I might say in it. "Well for starters I'm going to go to the Capitol, once I thought that part would be easy, but now I see there are certain obstacles in my way." I am not good at this talking thing. The reaper sneered at me, a sight way more hilarious than intimidating due to his white lips. Seeing that I wasn't going to give him anything else, he turned to the boys' bowl and pulled out a name. I paid attention to whoever my ally would be. "The boy tribute for District Four in the 73rd hunger games is Daden Adis" His volunteer was quick. He walked up calmly and I could obviously tell he was going for the arrogant card. Getting to his place on the stage I studied the boy, for he looked around my age, and marveled at whether or not his hair was real. It was a gold color and had layers, bangs fell into his eyes; quite a natural look actually. I hoped it wasn't real, just because no one could have perfect hair; it wouldn't be fair. At least his eyes weren't as pretty as his hair; they were just a pale blue framed by barely visible eyelashes. His face was kind of like mine; long and like an oval. He was taller than I am by around six inches, which made him average for a guy (I'm not tall at all). He was wearing a bluish-purple suit that fit him nicely, and revealed his lean build. When the reaper (I should probably know his name by now), asked for the volunteer's name, the volunteer said with a smile, "Tonex Lude" When the reaper asked why he volunteered, Tonex replied smoothly, "Like Rea said; to win" A/N: K, so please review if you liked it, those are always nice. Also, I have some questions for those of you who would be nice enough to help me edit this. How was the sentence structure/grammar usage? What should I do to fix it? Were the characters' interactions with one another believable? How do I make them better? Do you like the general writing style? What, if anything, should I change to make this read easier? Please, if you have any other advice, I am open to critism. Thanks, for reading. Chao :)