be accepted by these losers. I'm Katniss Everdeen. I like cheerleading, playing the clarinet in the band, waking up early in the morning, and going to the mall. I'm best friends with, Glimmer, Gale, Madge, and Marvel. I don't need new friends. When I walked into my first class I was shocked. I mean my old school had twenty kids max in a class. I found an empty seat near the front, and sat there. "Oh god, she's in the front," came Johanna's voice. I turned around and saw her and another girl three down from the back. The other girl was small, but looked muscular. She was wearing green cargo pants a black oversized zip up hoodie, and a red beanie. "Why you have a problem?" I asked them. "Yeah we do," said Johanna, "I can't see the board over your fake dry blonde hair." "Okay, my hair isn't' dry, it was done by one of the best hairstylists in the country, AKA Cinna. And if that's the best insult you got then, maybe you shoul-." "Quiet in class," said the teacher as he walked into the class. He was a big man, with a very disheveled appearance. It took me five seconds before I realized that he was hung-over. I sunk down lower in my chair as I realized, that I was officially going to one of the poorest, most dangerous schools in the country. My life was slowly, but surly heading towards rick bottom. I ended up skipping lunch, and hiding in the bathroom. I don't even know who I would sit with. When I went to my locker, I saw Johanna standing in front of it. "How did you know where my locker was?" I asked her. "Peeta's been watching you all day, I think he has a little bit of an obsession," she snapped. When my cheeks blushed and she laughed loudly. "You're pure too… I can tell you were a rich kid. Honestly how did you end up here?" she asked me. "I don't have to talk to you," I told her. "What about your daddy. Why don't you go and live with him? I can tell your mom wasn't the one who paid the bills, if she made the mistake of marrying Thread." I slammed my locker shut, "I can't go live with my dad… And don't you ever talk about my mom, or judge me. You don't know anything about my life," I told her and then stormed off. "How was your day honey?" asked my mom. "I'm switching schools," I told her, "There has to be a private school near here." "Um, there isn't," she said, "And Thread can't afford it. There is going to have to be some changes." "You know that all of the kids hate me, because I'm Thread's step daughter," I told her. Just then Prim came through the door, with her romper covered in food. "Someone threw their lunch on me, because I looked like a rich girl," stated Prim, "Prim oh my god," I blurted as I walked over to her. "It's whatever, I'm going to take a shower then call Rory." "Sweetie, we don't have a long distance plan," said my mom. "What do you mean?" I asked her. "Thread, doesn't have enough money for a long distance plan." "He's a policeman." "I know, he's going through a rough time. We need to support him." "NO I don't," I said, "He's not even my dad. Can't we pay for it?" "With what money?" she asked me. "Dad's money," I said. "We're saving that for college," she stated, "And in case this doesn't work out." "Mom, it's not going to work out. Look at this house. Look at this area. Look at my school." "Look I saw him, and something in me sparked. I love him girls." "No you don't. You can't love someone that quickly. It doesn't work like that. What even is love?" "Darling it's been longer than that." "You didn't even have a wedding," I told her. "He doesn't care about you." "Little missie," said a man's voice. I jumped and turned towards the voice. "Thread," I said surprised, "I didn't know you were home." "I am. Now don't question my love for your mother. I am your father now and you must obey me. And not disrespect me in my own house. I could easily send you to some home, but I adopted you." "You are not my father Thread," I said before I climbed up the latter and into the loft, that Prim and I were to share. The ceilings were too low, and it was dusty. "Katniss," said Prim. "What?" I asked her as I sat on my bed. "I don't' have a good feeling about this." "Join the club," I muttered, "You know that mom only married him, because she was desperate. She wasted a lot of dad's money, and she thought that he would be able to pay for our expenses." "I'm going to call Rory. Him and Gale will come pick us up," she said, "And then we can live with them." "Prim, we can't beg off of the Hawthornes." "But they're family. And Gale is your boyfriend." "I know. Maybe we can just hang in here for a while. Dad came from the Seam after all," I reminded her, "We can try to make some friends." "Katniss, Everyone, hated me…" "Maybe we can dress less rich," I told her, "I mean how would you feel if you were really poor, and then two rich kids showed up?" "Pretty pissed actually," said Prim. "Well see, we need to put ourselves in those kids shoes." "Did you make nay friends?" she asked me as she sighed. "No," I told her. "There's always tomorrow," she said. "That's true," I told her. So that was kind of like the beginning to the story. Now there's going to be a little bit of a love triangle between Peeta and Gale.