microphone in hand as I took my place on the small X discreetly marked with a PM . The lights turned off as Ms. Trinket gave a thumbs up to the director, and I stood in pitch black darkness for a second before a spotlight was out on me, and stage lights in the colors pink, purple, and white shone behind me, masking Ms. Trinket and Katniss in the darkness. As the curtains rose and the piano began playing, I began to sing the most beautiful song I'd ever heard. " From the way you smile To the way you look You capture me Unlike no other From the first hello Yeah, that's all it took And suddenly We had each other And I won't leave you Always be true One plus one, two for life Over and over again So don't ever think I need more I've got the one to live for No one else will do And I'm telling you Just put your heart in my hands I promise it won't get broken We'll never forget this moment It will stay brand new 'Cause I'll love you Over and over again Over and over again ." A second spotlight finds Katniss on the piano as her turn approaches. " From the heat of night To the break of day I'll keep you safe And hold you forever And the sparks will fly They will never fade And every day gets better and better And I won't leave you Always be true One plus one, two for life Over and over again. " A huge smile is on my face as I begin singing once again. " So don't ever think I need more I've got the one to live for No one else will do Yeah, I'm telling you Just put your heart in my hands. " I can't help but think how accurately the words I just sang describe my feelings to Katniss as we begin to sing together. " I promise it won't get broken We'll never forget this moment It will stay brand new 'Cause I'll love you Over and over again. " I sing a small verse during a small instrumental as she "oohs" and "ahhs." " Over and over again ," Then we begin to duet once again, my favorite part. " Girl/Boy when I'm with you I lose track of time When I'm without you You're stuck on my mind Be all you need 'Til the day that I die I'll love you Over and over again So don't ever think I need more I've got the one to live for No one else will do Yeah, I'm telling you Just put your heart in my hands ," Katniss is now by my side, holding my free hand in hers as we continue singing. This was definitely not part of the act. " Promise it won't get broken We'll never forget this moment It will stay brand new 'Cause I'll love you Over and over again Over and over again Over and over again." Applause breaks out as I'm turned around and pulled into a kiss, even louder cheers erupt. Katniss and I then bow as the curtains close. "What was that for?" I ask her quietly. "I don't know, I just wanted to." Ms. Trinket then drags us off stage, telling Katniss that she didn't have to perform in the next act with the choir if she didn't want to. And she doesn't. When we get back stage, we accept more congratulations before sneaking off to the empty hallway. "You did amazing." I tell her. She smiles, "No better than you." "Way better than me." I find her in my arms then, and we just hold each other tight for a long time. "I'm glad we got to do this." She eventually says, breaking the silence. I smile, "Me too." With a huge teddy bear, card filled with words straight from my heart, box of chocolates, and targets for her archery sessions in the back seat of my car, I make my way over to Katniss' house in the light snow. She's going to kill me. I know it's not the most unique day to ask, but I can't help myself from asking her to be my girlfriend. We don't have school tomorrow because of President's Day, our big duet was Friday, the encore yesterday. It's perfect timing. As I approach her house, I turn off my car and make my way over to her front door with everything in hand. The struggle has never been realer. I'm just reaching her door, wondering how I'm going to knock when Katniss appears, swinging open her door with a surprised look on her face. "Peeta, what are you doing?" I can't help the words that escape past my lips, "I love you." Her eyes soften as they fill with tears and she opens the door wider. I walk in and set everything on her dining room table. "You're such a fool." I turn to face her, only to be met with a tight hug and a kiss. When we break apart, I ask the question I'd come for, "Will you do me the honor of being my girlfriend." She laughs, tears running down her cheeks before placing another small peck on my lips, "It would be my pleasure." After hearing this song for the first time, I fell in love. It's Over And Over Again by Nathan Sykes featuring Ariana Grande. I've never done a holiday fic, and decided this would be the perfect opportunity to, so I spent the entire day writing this (it's so late!) for you guys. Who wouldn't want to spend their Valentine's Day any other way? Haha, I hope you guys liked this, it felt great to write it. Not to mention it's good prep for the other one-shots I'm waiting to post. (; Follow me on Tumblr at MelodicDaisy (: Happy Valentine's Day! With love, Daisy