do. I watch as Aollie reached in and drew out a name for the male tribute. My heart leapt and jerked in my chest. Chiara's name had been drawn, seemingly an admonishment for my failure to speak sooner. I felt aprehension as the slip was opened. "Edward Crowley!" I bowed my head, knowing what was coming next. "I VOLUNTEER!" a deep voice called out. "Looks like we have a pair of volunteers!" Aollie announced. "Who could have guessed?!" Me , I think as I watched as a tall boy stepped from his row and strode towards the stage, stopping only to push the small boy who had run to him hard enough to knock him on his back. I knew them both very well. The names drawn today had to be a sign. This year's Hunger Games would be one to watch. That was for sure. "And who do we have here?" Aollie asked, his hand on the dark-haired boy's shoulder. "Asher Crowley," the boy answered. "And that was your brother?" Asher nodded. "Well, that's touching. Not many brothers would step up to take the place of their sibling!" Asher shrugged and without being dismissed, turned to join me as the anthem started playing. He didn't look at me, he had no reason to. My thoughts were with Chiara. Today, she lost two people who were precious to her, and only one could come back. I had known of her fondness for the boy for a long time, after she had told me in hushed tones as we worked. She didn't care about the age difference, as the boy was a year younger than me, she told me she drawn to his silence. I wondered for a moment, which of us she wanted to come back. And then Aollie broke through my thoughts. "District One! I present your tributes! Why don't you two shake hands? It IS customary!" I turn to the boy and stick out my hand, smirking for the cameras. He shook it impassively, his eyes a dark depth of apathy. Then I was being ushered into the building, down the halls, and into a small room. I sat in the chair for wait for my only visitor. The minutes ticked by and just when I thought Chiara would never come, the door opened. I stood as she walked in and closed the door. She was motionless for what seemed like forever, and then in a flurry of movement, she was in my arms, holding me tight enough to stop my breath. Her tears soak into my dress, her hair hiding her face. "Now now," I chide, pulling her away from me. "It's okay." She shakes her head, her hair flailing wildly. "It's NOT okay!" she shouts. "You have to promise me you'll come back!" Her request shocks me, and tears spring to my eyes. I wipe them away before they can fall and I take the headband from my hair to run my fingers through it, a nervous habit of mine. "I thought you'd ask me to spare Asher!" I say. "I don't care about him!" she wailed. "I never cared about him!" This shocks me. "Chi?" She smiles, despite her tears and reaches up to touch my face. "It was always you, Chise! Ever since we met! Why else would you think I mimic you? I loved how our names were so similar, and how you always called me Chi when you were happy. I loved how you smiled around me! I loved you... I STILL love you, Chise." "But... you said-" I try to say, confused by her outburst. "Asher..." "I trying to make you jealous !" she cried, wringing her hands. She pulled a small ring from her finger and took my hand, slipping it onto the left hand ring finger. "This will keep you safe. I meant to give it to you later... to tell you how I felt!" I look at the small blue rose on the silver band, then to the eyes that matched its hue. "Chiara..." "Come back to me," she insisted, taking my hands in hers. "Promise me." I hesitated. Never had I seen her so desperate. Never had I seen her in pain such as this. "Do it!" she demanded. "Tell me you'll kill everyone in my place, everyone , and come back!" I nod. "I will," I say, fingering one of the dragonflies on my mother's headband. Without a second thought, I slip it into her hair, and admire the color contrast between the gems and her silken hair. "Keep this as proof of my promise. It was my mother's given to her by my father before she went to the Hunger Games." "Both of your parents were in the Games?" she asked softly, reaching up to touch it, as if to reassure herself it was real. I smile softly, remembering my reaction when they told me why we lived where we did. "Three years after my father won. You're going to learn a lot of things during the interviews. You're going to see me do a lot of horrible things. Don't let on that you care for me. And above all else... don't believe anything I say! I will make it seem like you're unimportant. Like everyone is unimportant. Even myself." Her eyes were wantering again, and it broke my heart. Sighing, I bend to plant a kiss on her lips. "I love you too, Chi," I say softly into her ear before I straighten. "I WILL come back." She smiles and gives me one last hug before the door opens and she jumps back. Looking awkward, she does the unthinkable and bows to me. "Thank you for saving my life." "Don't think you're safe from another Reaping," I say tersely, glaring at her. "I won't be able to save you next time." The blood drained from her face, but she nods and leaves at the Peacekeeper's urging. The door closes behind them, and I'm alone.