I thought my classmate had lost his mind. My mother was burnt by fire, but she wasn't the Girl-On-Fire. There was no way my storytime heroine could be my own mother. I felt silly, but I finally asked my father about it when I was ten. He looked at me with wide eyes, and after seemingly debating whether to answer honestly or not, he stammered, "It's true. All of it." I couldn't believe it. I was in shock. I had so many questions my head was spinning. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath so he wouldn't overwhelm himself, and told me that he and my mother would explain everything very soon. That same night when my mother came to say goodnight before going to bed, I called for her to come sit by me. She seemed surprised and a bit wary, but she made her way over. For the first time, I finally saw the pain and love in her eyes when she gazed at me… and I felt horrible . I was so ashamed and sorry about how I'd been treating her. Without a word, I hugged her tight, and after a moment of apparent shock, she embraced me in return and kissed the top of my head. "Not that I'm complaining, but what's this about?" she murmured with a small laugh. "For being a great mom," I answered, "I love you…" "Well, I certainly love you too," she replied, but she sounded confused. "I'm really sorry," I whispered. "For what?" " Everything ." She didn't say anything in reply, but kissed the top of my head again. "Mom?" I began hesitantly with a small shrug, "Can you… can you sing me The Meadow Song? Like you used to when I was little? I really miss hearing you sing." "Of course," she answered, and though I was still hugging her and couldn't see her face, from the tone of her voice I knew that she was smiling. After she was done with the song, I smiled knowingly, my heart light and warm, and told her, "It is true." "What's true?" she asked bemusedly, arching an eyebrow. "That you have a voice so beautiful it makes the birds stop to listen," I replied with a shrug. "Do you think… you could take me to the woods again sometime? I want to hear the mockingjays mimic you." She nodded slowly, her eyes full of questions, but remained silent. I don't think my mother knew what to say or how to react to my sudden change of attitude, and she didn't want to say anything that might change it back. That weekend, after a wonderful picnic in a meadow full of dandelions and daisies – like the one painted on my wall, my parents sat me down and finally told me their story. The real story. Everything. I learned of my mother's hard life after her father died, how she was starving and my father had thrown her the bread that saved her life. I learned of the Hunger Games. I learned that my gentle, loving parents who had never laid a hand on me in a violent way had killed children before, and that they were supposed to kill each other. I learned that they had to act like they were in love, but it was never an act on my father's part. It was never really an act on my mother's, either, but as she put it, she was 'young and confused about everything'. I learned about the rebellion, and how my mother was the symbol of it – the Mockingjay. I finally found out what the bird with the arrow meant, how meaningful the box of paints my father had given me was , and why the box of clothes and nursing supplies meant so much to my mother. I was told of my father's torture at the hands of the government and why he still has relapses. I learned of the bombing of District 12 and how his whole family had perished in it. I learned of my Aunt Prim, what my mother's nightmares were about, and why some days it's hard for her to find the motivation to get out of bed. It was overwhelming to hear all this, but they wanted me to know everything —every detail, no matter how hard it was to tell, because they wanted me to hear the truth from them before I read about it in a misinformed textbook at school. Of course, all of this wasn't explained in one evening. It took a long time to get through everything, and even today, in my early thirties, I learn new things. They showed me the book they made together, and every night they'd flip to a new page and tell me all about the person depicted on it: Finnick, Rue, Cinna, Prim, Madge, and countless others. It was heartbreaking to hear about so many good people that were gone from this world forever. Sometimes we'd all just sit and cry together over the tragedy of it all. I gained a whole new appreciation and respect for my parents after that. Their perseverance and loyalty to each other was nothing short of amazing to me. I made a habit of telling my mother how beautiful and wonderful she was each day, which she was - in every way. I'd tell my father how thankful I was to eat the bread and cakes he'd make, which I used to take for granted. I'd go to the woods with my mother, and I enjoyed every moment we shared together. I hugged and kissed my parents any chance I could get and told them often how much I loved and appreciated them. They were lucky just to be alive, let alone together , and I felt even luckier to be their daughter. Author's Note: Thank you so much for reading! You can find me on tumblr at dandelion-sunset if you want. :)