milk warming their stomachs, although Finnick could not describe the warmth he feels with Annie's head lying on his shoulder and Ronan on his chest. The little boy is trying his hardest not to fall asleep as the night goes on. They spend the evening telling funny stories, replaying the one about the sea turtle stealing Finnick's hat, it's the one Ronan loves the most. As the clock nears the midnight hour, their quiet talk becomes replaced with comfortable silence. At this, Annie excludes herself from his embrace. She looks at the her husband's confused face, before giving out a mischievous smile, "I'll be right back," He watches her walk out of the room, wondering what she could be going on about. Ronan had fallen asleep earlier, his steady breathing providing company. He remembers he should call up Katniss and Peeta tomorrow morning. Johanna would also be coming over tomorrow for the day, and they could all celebrate. When Annie comes back, an excited smile gracing her features as she hands him a small box, neatly wrapped in green. He looks at her confused for a moment as to why she would be giving him an early present. "I wouldn't want everyone else' to mix up with yours so I thought, I should give yours early," she says, her green eyes getting brighter by the moment. "Annie you shouldn't have, I thought this would've been enough," he says, assessing the box with his free hand, wondering if it could be a new tie or a watch or maybe something new and borrowed. "Just open it," she says excitedly, biting her lips. The action making her look more adorable. He leans in to kiss her sweetly, before saying, "Thank you." He passes on Ronan to Annie's arms so he could open it much easier. He tries to open it as neatly as he can, but the loud ripping of paper wakes the small boy up as he looks around sleepily. He sees the gift he had helped wrapped up with his mother and says, "That's mommy and I's gift." His voice laced with sleep. "Really? Well this makes it even more special," Finnick exclaims, as he opens it up more carefully. Annie watches him, she couldn't explain why she feels so nervous about it, she thought it would've been better for him to know this way. The confusion Finnick had felt earlier only increases by the minute as he holds up a lighter shade of box. "What's inside?" he asks cockily. "That's why it's a gift daddy! You have to open it!" Ronan answers for Annie. He shrugs at this and opens the box. Annie watches his eyebrows raise in an even more confused expression, before he puts out a pair of pink small shoes. Baby shoes. Finnick looks at Annie in surprise; she bites her lips once again, trying not to laugh out loud. Ronan looks up at him with a huge grin. "Pink baby shoes? I don't think these are my size and color" he says cockily, though the nervousness in his voice is evident. "You're going to be a daddy again!" she says. "I'm going to be a big brother!" Ronan exclaims. "How long have you guys known this?" he asks looking at his family. He would've known sooner. The flu Annie had been experiencing was probably a sign he wasn't aware of. "Dr. Everdeen says I'm three months along." "And it's a girl?" Annie nods, excitement lacing her features. He lets this sink in, in his mind. A baby girl. A small freckled Annie with soft green eyes who might even have a shade of his bronze hair. He looks back at both his son and wife, warmth spreading out all throughout his body. "You guys sure know how to keep a secret. And that's saying something!" he says. Annie laughs out loud and Ronan joins in along. "Maybe we're a family who's good at keeping secrets." She says. "Secret keepers!" Ronan joins in. "Yes, well. Maybe the baby will be the one to break it all," he says with a smile. Annie gives him a soft a smile at that, and hugs him. Ronan joins in along, hugging both of his parents. "Thank you," he says. Although this was just another one of the reasons both of them would've been thankful for. Nothing could beat out love when it comes to gift giving. And even the results of it couldn't even out the gifts they could all be receiving tomorrow. He thinks of this later on, when they're both lying on the bed. Her hair forming blankets of warmth on his bare chest. He runs his fingers over he still flat stomach, admiring how smooth her skin is and how inside lies a little girl who would soon grow into a beautiful lady like her mother. And he's sure she'll be giving a lot of love as they all will be giving her. "Annie?" he aks. "Finnick?" her voice laced with sleep. "I'm happy." He could feel the smile on her lips as they press on his shoulder. "How happy?" "The happiest that I could ever be." The sleepy laugh that comes out of her mouth couldn't amount to anything, anything else, the world could give him and to anything he could have given. For who could ever attest to this? Everyday is Christmas when you have nothing but love and goodness to share. She thinks of this too. Yes. I am happy. After everything, every pain and sorrow they've been through, it all amounts to how much it could test the strength of their love. And the rewards of it were more than they could hope for. The happiness they both feel could never been known if such pain wasn't felt. "We deserve this," she says, opening her eyes and locking with his. His fingers stroke her small stomach once more, before he kisses her again. "We deserve to be happy" he agrees. Everyone does.