to mine in a passionate kiss and I forget about all my previous worries. Peeta uses his knee to part my legs and then places my legs around his waist. I'm suddenly met with the realization that he has a penis. A hard penis. A hard penis that was touching my inner thigh and I didn't mind the feeling at all….I kinda enjoy it. Peeta rakes his hand down my body, sending chills down me as my head rolls against the wall. My hands swarm all over his torso and I try to discover every inch of his hot flesh. Peeta moves his hand to touch me down at my core and I tense up with shock. No one has ever done that before (well except for me). Peeta continues to circle his finger around my sensitive flesh as I begin to breathe deeper. My fingers grab his shoulders as he pushes a finger into me. "So tight!" He cries out in surprise. I gasp as I enjoy the feel of him flexing his finger inside me, touching areas that I didn't know existed. My nails (though bitten down) dig into his skin as I feel pressure building up in my stomach. I wanted it to stop, but I wanted it to continue more. "Just a bit more!" Peeta whispers as he pulls me into another kiss. Peeta's mouth pleasures mine, while one of his hands toys with my delicate breasts and the other one forms a river of pleasure from my womanhood. I finally lose it when he adds another finger, or at least tries to. The pressure explodes into a million stars and I'm left gasping for breath. Peeta pulls his fingers out, but replaces them with his hard, throbbing dick. With this first thrust, he hits my barrier and I cry out in pain. Peeta stills and stares at me in shock. "You're a virgin?" I can't answer; pain is oozing out of my skin. How could I been in such pleasure in one moment and then ultimate agony in the next? "Damn!" Peeta whispers angrily. "I'm so sorry!" I squeeze my nails harder into his flesh. Peeta pulls my mouth into his as he gives me a sweet kiss. His hands return to touching my body and filling me with soft tingles of pleasure, easing the pain out of my system. Peeta moves his member slowly out though keeping the tip of his penis inside, he pushes back into me slowly, sending more tingles alongside my skin. "Faster!" I beg after a while, hating this slow torture. Peeta speeds up and thrusts deeper into me, causing me to lose my breath over and over. I place kisses along his jaw and neck. My hands skim his skin as I try to record this for a later time when I'm alone again. Peeta shakes in pleasure when I move my hand to cradle his balls. I massage them and touch the part of his dick that isn't inside me. "I'm going to come!" He announces suddenly. I wait for what happens next. Peeta picks up speed until finally something warm spreads inside me. This feels too good to be real, as Peeta cuddles me close to his body. We both slide onto the grass, holding each other. I spend my time, exploring his body with my hands. I find a scar on his shoulder and a memory hits me. "You're the boy with the bread!" I exclaim suddenly. Peeta smiles. "You're the girl with the squirrel." I cling to him tightly until he pulls away from me. "We need to get back." I nod with understanding and pull my clothes on. It takes a while, but eventually we're decent enough. We climb up the vines and enter my room. I look at him and can't help but want more of him. Peeta smiles when he sees me eyeing him up and down. "I'll see you tomorrow, okay? Wear something nice." He says before exiting my room like he owned the place. I should be angry and decide not to hang out with him tomorrow, but secretly I'm overjoyed at the possibility of what'll happen tomorrow. I head out and take a shower to clean myself. I return to my room and find Prim snuggled up in my covers. "Tell me a story." Prim begs. "What kind?" I ask, joining her underneath the covers. "One about the past." She whispers. "Once upon a time, a pretty young girl fell in love with a handsome young man. Her name was Iris and his was Heath." I began. "Mommy and Daddy." Prim announced softly and I nodded against her head. "Heath was a good man but one day he fell ill and never recovered, leaving Iris alone in the world with their two daughters. Iris was never the same. The eldest daughter took care of the small family as best as she could until one day she lost hope. Then a boy with some bread found her and made a small wager. He told the girl that if she caught him a squirrel everyday then he'd trade a loaf of bread for every single one. Now this boy frustrated the eldest daughter so she worked hard until she caught a squirrel and threw it in the young boy's face. He laughed and traded with her. What the boy didn't know was that he gave that girl hope. Hope that she could protect and care for her family again. She did just that until the day Iris decided to join Heath and the two girls moved far away to be with their crazy aunt." I ended "What happened with the boy and the girl?" Prim asks. "The boy hunts her down after she leaves him with a nasty scar." I reply simply. "Why'd she do that?" Prim asks. "Because the boy rejected her feelings for him." I answer. "How does he win her back?" Prim questions. "He hasn't yet." I explain.