every nerve ending in my body. He then does the same to my other breast as I remove my shirt and throw it to the floor. His hand slips beneath my underwear to touch me directly, and the feeling is so intense all I can do is close my eyes, gasping and moaning my pleasure as I thread my fingers through his hair. When his mouth leaves my breast, I open my eyes and look at him, wondering why. I'm answered as he begins to leave kisses down the length of my stomach. My eyes widen as his hand leaves the confines of my underwear and he leans up to remove them from my body. He gives me a questioning glance, as if asking for permission. I give a curt nod and lift my hips from the bed to help him slide them off. He looks at my body once they're removed, taking in my naked form. I'd feel like covering myself up if it wasn't for the awestruck glint in his eyes. Despite my scars, he's looking at me as if I'm the most magnificent thing he's ever seen. I feel beautiful and desirable under his gaze, and that's not something I'd anticipated. For so long, I'd been afraid of this, worried that he'd find my body unattractive, but now I realize all that fretting was for nothing. Peeta parts my trembling legs and settles between them. I watch, holding my breath as I realize what he's about to do. He kisses up my thigh before finally bringing his mouth to my center, and I cry out at the contact. This is like nothing I've ever felt before; it's pure, unbridled bliss. He takes it a step further, sliding one finger, then two, in and out of me, faster and faster, as his tongue works its magic. I grab handfuls of sheets and buck against him, uninhibited as moans and sighs escape me. All the ecstasy builds up, coiling up into a tight ball in my stomach, until finally it bursts, sending euphoric shockwaves to every inch of my body. I gasp loudly, stars dancing behind my eyelids. My entire being pulsates as Peeta kisses his way back up to my lips. I hope that becomes a regular thing. If I'd known my body could feel this way, that Peeta was capable of giving such overwhelming pleasure, I would've done this a long time ago. His erection pokes against my inner thigh as he whispers into my ear, "Are you sure?" Unable to find my voice, I nod my consent. Peeta kisses the space between my earlobe and neck, then sits back to remove the rest of his clothes. He doesn't have his prosthetic on, but it doesn't hinder his movements. I prop myself up on my elbows, reveling at the sight of him and feeling like the luckiest woman alive that he's all mine. My eyes roam his body, appreciating things like the angular curve of his jaw, and how the muscles of his arms, chest, and stomach flex with every move he makes. I also observe that the hair travelling from his navel downward is a shade or two darker than the hair on his head. It suddenly hits me why Peeta was gazing at me with such awe earlier. Looking at him now, I don't see scars or a missing leg - I see him . I see a person I've fallen deeply for. I see perfection; not as in the absence of flaws, but being so overcome by beauty that imperfections cease to exist. I suck in a deep breath, readying myself as he moves between my legs and positions himself at my center. He glides his erection against me, coating himself with my wetness, before steadying the tip at my opening. "Ready?" he asks, giving me one last chance to change my mind. I nod and close my eyes tightly, waiting for the pain that's sure to come. Gently and slowly, he pushes into me. I emit a loud, throaty gasp at the sensation and so does he. There's a little pain, but it's not half as bad as I was expecting; it's more like being way too full. He pulls himself out before thrusting back into me a few times, keeping a tentative pace, then lowers his head to capture my lips with his. I wrap my arms around his neck, our moans and sighs mixing together as we kiss. Before long, whatever pain I felt in the beginning quickly subsides to pleasure as my body adjusts to him, and his thrusts become faster and harder. I can't believe what's happening between us, but more than that, I'm surprised by how natural it feels. I thought it'd be awkward to be with Peeta in this way, but it's the total opposite; I've never been more sure of myself, of what I want and need. I've never felt so alive, and I never want it to end. But end it does. Peeta cries out as a gush of warmth fills me. Then, sweaty, red-faced, and panting, he kisses my lips and leans his forehead against mine. I run my hands down his back, smiling contentedly as he tells me breathlessly, "That… was amazing . Better than I could've ever imagined. You're…" He suddenly plants quick kisses all over my face, making me laugh, then whispers lowly into my ear, "Everything. You're everything to me, Katniss." After, when we're wrapped in each other's arms, he trails his fingertips down my arm as he tells me, "By the way, what I was going to say in the kitchen earlier was…" He falls silent for a few seconds, then kisses the top of my head. "I love you." I smile, feeling deliriously happy, and place a kiss to his chest. Before I can reply that I feel the same about him, he whispers, "You love me. Real or not real?" "Real," I answer strongly. "Most definitely real."