don't exist to one another. There's three days left until Haymitch is shipped away to the arena. Shipped away from her. Effie had always viewed the games as just a TV show. Now it's different. "The wait is torture, isn't it?" Maysilee said, taking a seat next to him. "I just wished they didn't give us an exact date for the games. That way, I wouldn't be counting down the days, hours, minutes, and even seconds." She pauses. "Time is the enemy, isn't it?" "Yeah," Haymitch says numbly, chucking a rock over the edge of the roof. "It is. Now, come on. Let's go back inside. I don't want to think about it until I have to." She nodded curtly, brushing a straight dirty blonde strand of hair over her shoulder. Her dark blue eyes look stormy. He can just tell that she's been thinking about the Quarter Quell as much as he was. They walk back together from the roof and he resists the urge to take her hand in his. She's been his source of comfort over the last few days, and he can't deny the attraction towards her. He holds the door open for her and she just scoffs playfully at his actions before stepping inside. Haymitch takes one last lingering look at the roof before sighing and closing the door behind him. He doesn't notice the rock that he threw over the edge fly back onto the roof. It's time. He doesn't know where the time went, because it was either a minute ago that he was sitting down devouring all the Capitol food that made his mouth water or a century ago. Now, he was just standing there. Waiting. Waiting for the minute to be up, waiting for his death. Maysilee was correct. Time was the enemy in this scenario. He was handed a thick, black jacket by his rude designer, ordering him to put it on. "You have five minutes until you go up into the tube. You will not do anything else except wait, understand?" He didn't respond. He couldn't. The numbness was overbearing his senses. He knew subconsciously that he had to shake off the nerves and the jitters beforehand. He couldn't afford to lose his head, that is if he wanted a decent chance at surviving this. Suddenly his attention was averted as the doors opened. His designer stood dumbfounded as the girl approached him. "Miss, y-you're not supposed to be back here." She winked suggestively at him, "I have friends in high places. This will only take a moment. Will you excuse us?" He looked like he wanted to protest, but obliged enough. "Effie?" Haymitch stammered, sliding off the chair that he had been seated on. "What are you doing here?" "It's not that I think you're going to die," she began. "But I don't like owing people anything. And in this case, it's an argument that I must resolve." All he could do was nod- part was from the scare of the Hunger Games and part from the girl who was standing in front of me. Her attire hadn't really changed except her wig was off, and her dip dye on her natural blonde hair was frizzed and faded. She looked like she had gotten ready in a rush, just pink lipstick and her curled eyelashes spread across her cheeks. And that pink dress with the roses was on too, wrapped around with a glittering green sash. "I came to apologize for the way I acted in previous nights." She stopped, like she was remembering something. "And to wish you good luck." Somehow he wasn't as shell shocked about the games as he was before. Seeing Effie made it feel normal. And he knew that there was nothing normal about being sent into an arena where you're forced to kill or be killed. "It's okay, I accept your apology. Although I'm not really sure what we fought about anyway." She gave him a tentative smile at his words, then frowned. "You look scared. Are you?" He curtly nods. There's no point in denying it now. "Don't be," she continued. "You'll win." She's firmer as she speaks the last part, more certain. "I know you will." "Maybe." "Maybe." They stood in an awkward silence for a few seconds and the timer says ten seconds. Ten seconds until he's going to go into the arena. TEN. NINE. Her words are rushed, knowing that there isn't much time left. "I wanted to give you something, too. For good luck." EIGHT. SEVEN. SIX. FOUR. THREE. TWO. His eyebrows furrowed together. There was nothing in her hands and if she gives him her sash- well, he wouldn't wear it, despite the sincere situation. "What?" She rose up, wrapped her arms around his neck and planted a kiss on his lips. ONE. It was a brief kiss, but urgent and meaningful. Like their emotions were mirroring in the kiss, telling each other what they were feeling without using words. Pain. Fear. Anxiety. Longing. Comfort. Everything wrapped up into one. She pulled back and opened her eyes just as Haymitch's designer came into the room. "Good luck." "I can't possibly loose now," he commented softly, planting a kiss on her forehead. Then he's gone. Their meeting had been an accident. But most people would call it destiny. She never was supposed to never meet the seam eyed boy, never supposed to fall in love with him. He never was supposed to meet the pinked haired girl, never supposed to fall in love with her. It happened anyway. Accident or destiny? You deicide. A/N: This is dedicated to Wemmabby in case you didn't read the top. I know it's cliché but the good thing about clichés is they mostly have happy endings. And I almost never write happy stories so enjoy it while it lasts. I do not own HG! And please feel free to drop a review and tell me what you thought! Every opinion matters!