soon as it leaves my mouth. If it wouldn't be Gale it would be Prim or vice versa. "What about Madge?" "Mage is great an all… it's just… it wouldn't feel right." I know what she means. Having Madge there would be like inviting a spectator into our private lives. Madge may be one of her friends but she isn't privileged to any extra information that the general public isn't. "Well if you call out his name tonight, it's not like he could just say no on national television." When the words hit her ears her face glows like Prim's did when she saw the cake and for a second I see the little girl I first remember seeing all those years ago on her first day of school. "No, if it was me he could… but if you called out his name, there would be no way he could." The wheels in her hear are turning a mile a minute, finding every possible hole in this plan. "If you invite him it's not going to interfere with the 'in love' plan." She takes a minute to read my face for any pain. As far as she knows I'm still crazy for her. When she doesn't find any emotions flooding me she continues. "It would just be you inviting a old friend on the trip with you. I can bring Prim so everything still looks normal. Oh please Peeta, tell me you'll do it?" She practically on her hands and knees begging me. For a second I think, and I know that this whole plan could blow up in our faces but any chance to have him around for six weeks isn't a chance I'm going to pass up. I lean forward and kiss her forehead. "Anything for you." I can tell she feels guilty asking me to do this but I don't have anyone to bring anyways. He would be my choice if it wouldn't be so weird. Now, at least, I can say it was her idea and not have it seem out of the ordinary. XXXXXX As soon as I get home I'm jumped by my prep team. The televised event of us announcing the friends that will be joining us will be in an hour and half so we must look our best. Luckily Portia says I don't need much work, just a quick hair trim and some small touches of make up to hide the bags under my eyes. As soon as their done I'm free to do as I wish until we have to leave. I make my way up to my room and finish packing for the trip. The only thing I truly want with me is my paints. If I wasn't able to paint out all my emotions I would explode. By the time I finish Effie has barged into my room barking at me to get all my stuff and hurry to the center of town so the event can begin. I take my bags to the living room and am ushered out into the chilly streets. Katniss is already there as a crown has drawn around the train station. There the Mayor, our prep teams and some other important people have gathered, awaiting my arrival. Taking the stage, the mayor takes his cue and begins his speech. "Hello ladies and gentlemen of district twelve, the capital and the great nation of Panem. It is my great honor to not only have one, but two champions of the Seventy-fourth Hunger Games. Today they start a new journey throughout the great nation of Panem, meeting many other victors, making bonds and having a rare opportunity to see this great land. Along the way, they will be able to bring one person of their choosing to accompany them. So without further ado, I introduce your champions; Katniss Everdeen." Katniss stands and waves to the crowd. Everyone begin to clap. "And Peeta Mellark" I stand, and wave like I give a damn. The crowd eats it up. "Now before they leave, the champions will choose the one person that will accompany them on this long journey. And, of course, we will start with Miss Everdeen. Ladies first." Katniss takes the microphone, clearing her throat and looking out at the sea of faces staring back. "For this trip, there is no one I would love to have more than my little sitter Prim." The crowd lights up as little Prim takes the stage and hugs her sister. A unanimous 'Aw' floods from their mouths as they watch the sisters embrace each other. "And now, this young lad will tell us who he chooses as his travel companion." The Mayor hands me and microphone and gently slaps me on the back with a laugh. "So how about it young man, who's the lucky one who gets to join you?" Suddenly I'm aware that everyone is watching me; my palms are sweating, my heart is pounding in my chest and deafening my ears. The once moist mouth has suddenly become so dry it's almost impossible to choke out the words. "Well… it took me a long time to think of who I wanted to join me." I can see Effie biting on her nails waiting for my announcement, wondering if she'll have to rush the stage and pick someone for me. "And I finally came to the conclusion..." Katniss is looking at me with wide eyes, wondering if I am going to back out at the last minute. "That the one person I want at my side… is my old friend Gale Hawthorne." The crowd is silent as all eyes fall on him, gawking up at me with eye almost bugging out of his head, his mouth hanging out like a hungry baby bird waiting for its mother to feed it. I choose Gale; the boy that snared my heart. Well that's it. Hope you enjoyed, please review and tell me what you think :D thank you.