boy slashed out with the machete. The blade caught Beetee on the side, and as he cried out in pain and surprise the mace came down. It whacked into the boy on the side of the head. He fell, unconscious, rolling off the platform of the Cornucopia and onto the ground. Beetee looked towards the plume of smoke. It was gone. So they had snuffed it out, and now they would be on their way back, probably at speed. He tried to ignore the pain in his side and the blood staining his uniform. He searched for the node unit that would control the Cornucopia's floodlights. He found it, and pulled his stock of wire and his screwdriver/blade from his pocket. He looked up. The sun was setting. Hurry , he told himself. It was thirty minutes later when Trask and the others burst from the treeline, running for the Cornucopia. Another few minutes , said Beetee to himself, as he worked desperately. He glanced towards the treeline, to where he had hidden before. He had vaguely planned to make a run for it in that direction, but he realised now that they would be on him before he could reach cover. So if that had been his escape plan … well, no good now. He could hear them shouting, and they could see him as well as the unconscious guard – who was now beginning to stir. One of them had a bow, and fired, but it was a long shot, and the light was failing. The arrow went zipping past Beetee's head, hitting one of the wooden poles and lodging there. It cut one of the ropes, which suddenly flew free in the wind, the canvas roof flapping like a loose sail. And then Trask and his allies were there, in front of Beetee. Two of them helped the guard to his feet, and the seven of them stood there, looking at him. Serena smiled a just-so smile. "No-one kills him but me," said Trask. He drew a battle-axe from a holster at his waist. Beetee searched for something to say, some witty or noble, but nothing came. "Hey, what's all this stuff?" said one of them, pointing at the coil of wire which snaked from the floodlights node to the metal floor of the Cornucopia, running right around it. Beetee saw Serena stare at it. Then she looked up at him. Then she looked around. It was nearly dark. "Damn," she said. Beetee heard a click from the node unit: the switch for the floodlights. Desperately, he grabbed for the flicking rope. And then he was off his feet, clutching at the wooden pole. The lights came on. Suddenly, the metal floor was alive with current. For the Tributes standing on it, their thin shoes offered no protection. There was a crack and a flash as the power node overloaded, and a single scream, and the smell of frying flesh. The lights blinked out. Got 'em , said Beetee to himself as he lowered himself back to the floor. All seven of them. He counted the bodies. Six. He counted again. Where was Serena? She came up behind him, her arm going around his neck and tightening in a grip of iron. She must have leaped off the platform as soon as she realised what was going to happen , he thought. Smart. "I guess I should thank you," she said into his ear. "For getting rid of them. But somehow I just can't bring myself to say it." He could feel consciousness slipping away from him. His arms flailed around. One hand hit something. The arrow, still sticking in the pole. He grasped it, wrenching it from the wood. He rammed it into Serena's thigh. She cried out in pain and let him go, jumping back. He turned to face her, gasping for breath. She was wounded now, blood streaming from her leg. She needed a weapon. Her eyes flicked towards the machete. She made a leap for it, sliding across the metal floor. She reached it. But then a wire snaked around her neck – not thick but strong. It cut into her flesh. "Don't," she managed to gasp. "If you don't, I'll … do anything you want … anything … " "The thing is," said Beetee, as he pulled the wire tighter, "that I don't want anything from you. Except for you to die." She gave a last gasp, as blood flowed from her throat. Beetee let go of the wire, and Serena fell to the ground. She was dead. In the darkness, he slumped to his knees, exhausted. There was a sound – was it thunder? No, it was a series of cannon shots. Seven. After a while – he didn't know how long – there was a light shining down on him, and on the Cornucopia. It was a helicopter. It landed, and Jerome a'la Sinclair, with a television crew in tow, came running up to him. "Beetee Latier, you have won the 41st Hunger Games!" he said. "And in spectacular fashion! What do you have to say, right at this moment? It is traditional, as you know, for the victor to be granted a request in his moment of glory. So what do you have to say, to the President and the Capital?" Beetee looked at the star. Then he said: "I ask only that the workers of District 3 be allowed to keep some of what they make." And so it was. Coda Beetee was standing in his office, looking down at the city and wondering, not for the first time, how much of the light and colour was due to his inventions. His phone rang. He flicked it open and checked the number. It was one that was used only very seldom. He pushed the button to receive the call. "It's time," said Haymitch. "She doesn't know." Beetee considered it for a long moment. Then he said: "Good." END