boy with the bread. She cleans her face for the last time. She lies against the hard tree, a tree that she climbed almost every day. She waits for her sister, knowing that it's too late; her body is already cold and numb. She stares ahead and counts down the last minutes of her life. "Katniss! Oh God! K-Katniss! I've got help!" her sister calls out. Katniss can detect the hint of worry and panic in her voice. She smiles and waits. Her young sister appears, her blonde hair messed up with twigs and leaves. She has never looked more gorgeous. Her blue eyes are wide with fright, but Katniss believes that they never looked as blue before. Prim rushes over to her and a small number of people follow, but Katniss' eyes are solely on Prim. "I-I got help! See? You're g-going to be o-okay!" Prim chokes out. Katniss brushes Prim's cheek. "I love you so much." Prim starts to cry and Katniss can feel the others inspecting her wound. Whispers start and everyone knows that there is no point in helping. The dog hit a major artery and it's already bled out too much. They don't have the medicine, blood supply, or equipment prepared let alone with them. Katniss knows that she is on borrowed time. "H-help her!" Prim begs, clutching onto Katniss' jacket. No one speaks. They don't want to tell her, neither does Katniss. "I had a dream while you were away." Katniss whispers. Prim turns to stare into her dying sister's eyes. "W-what happened?" Prim asks biting her lip as tears came crashing down her face. "I saw a girl that looked just like Peeta and you. She had my eyes though. I called her Rose, I can't remember anything else." Katniss replies, running her hands through Prim's soft hair. Hair that was soft like Peeta's. "Y-you can be happy here too!" Prim responds. "I am. I was." Katniss remarks. Prim shakes her head. "D-don't lie to me." Katniss smiles. "I was happy here with you Prim." "No you weren't! Every day, you stare at the bakery's window with sad eyes! You don't laugh or smile anymore! You won't talk to me, Haymitch, or even Peeta anymore!" Prim bursts out. Katniss leans back against the tree, feeling so tired. "I was so happy." She voices out softly. Prim smacks Katniss. "Stay awake! You don't get to die here and now because of me!" Katniss forces her eyes to focus on Prim. "It's never because of you Prim. It's just something that happened. I shouldn't have taken you out here." Prim wipes her face. "But I kept begging you!" Katniss tries to move her hand to cup Prim's face, but realizes that she can't. Instead, she smiles. "I was more than happy to take you. I knew the risks." Prim continues to cry and everyone else watches Katniss and her have their last fleeting moments together. "You'll stay with Rory and his family." Katniss tells her and Prim nods. "I love you Prim, from the moment you were born and I haven't stopped and I never will. Everything I do is for you because you mean more to me than anyone else, more than the whole world." Katniss tells her as Prim cries louder. "Will you tell Peeta? Will you tell him?" Katniss asks franticly, losing focus and feeling. "Tell him what?" Prim asks, scared "I l-love…" Katniss begins but never finishes. Her last words drift off into the wind. Prim shakes her and screams. "He loves you too! Don't leave him just yet! He wants to marry you! Just hang on for him! For me! Please!" Katniss smiles softly, but doesn't respond as her body slowly turns stiff and cold. Her finally thoughts were of a five year old girl and a blonde-haired baker. -*.*- Prim walks home that night for the first time without her sister. She climbs the staircase and goes into Katniss' bedroom. She sits down at the old desk and pulls out a piece of paper. She begins to write. Dear Peeta, It's Prim. I know that you are on a "secret mission" at the moment in District Four. I also know that means that you're finally buying an engagement ring for her. (Prim stops to cry, but forces herself to keep writing) . I know that you'll be back soon, but I have to tell you something. Something that I still can't believe. Katniss died earlier today in the woods. I-I can't tell you how guilty I feel when I tell you this, because I caused it. I convinced her to let me accompany her this time and when a wild dog tried to attack me, she got in the way and received a deathly wound. I rushed back for help, but I was too late. She wanted me to tell you that s-she loves loved you. It was the last thing she said, so you were the last thing she thought of. I want you to know that my sister loves loved you and she means meant it. She has loved you for so long, even before the Games. She tries tried to hide it, but I knew. She always asks asked about you even in the past few weeks. I know that she would've told you yes to your proposal. I just know it. Forever Your Sister-in-law, Primrose Everdeen. Prim sees that the letter is filled with mistakes and tear stains. She still sends it. She goes over to Rory's house and his mom comforts her. She knows that Katniss will be in her dreams from now on. They'll be happy dreams, filled with laughter and happiness. They'll be the worst dreams that she'll ever have, because when she wakes up, the laughter will die and the happiness will wilt. Prim knows that Katniss was happy, if only for a moment, so she forces herself to be happy too, because in some small way, Katniss' dreams came true.