when he looked at the photo of him and the Victor from the 3rd Quarter Quell, his first Quell. Now in his 2nd Quell, Seneca had approached it with almost solemn duty. Each Quell was specifically designed to undermine the Districts and show Capitol dominance. When he had first received the card that detailed what message was suppose to be sent in this Quell, Seneca was quite confused on how to accomplish it. Not only did the condition overturn many different traditions in the Games but also gave no way for helping the Gamemakers figure out a way to accomplish it's goal. Crane had spent many long hours thinking about how to accomplish that goal. It finally came to him when he was sitting in a movie theater, of all the odd places. It was during the trailers when one came on advertising for a horror movie. It was at that moment that Crane had a brilliant idea and he actually ran from the theater back to his office to work on his idea. Finally, after months of work his idea was complete, on full display now in the Quarter Quell. Noticing that it had almost been thirty minutes since the start of the Games, the time he (or rather his secretary) had promised viewers answers to al their questions, Seneca rose from his desk and walked from his office down the Gamemaker Control Room. The Senior Gamemaker there welcomed Crane as he walked to his post. Once situated there Seneca grabbed the Microphone which cast his voice over the entire arena for all the tributes and Panem to hear. "Greetings tributes of the 100th Hunger Games. Happy 4th Quarter Quell!" On the screen in front of him were multiple individual screens which showed each of the tributes in the arena. All of them stopped to listen, some looking around for where the voice was coming from, other looking up in the sky. Crane smiled at the scene in front of him. The outliers looked relieved at having no Bloodbath while the Careers looked rather annoyed, especially that boy from 4. At least the team from 1 and 2 could keep control of their emotions. Crane also noticed several tributes still in tears, over what he had no idea. Nobody was dead yet. "We here in the Capitol and across Panem are honored to have you special tributes compete in the Quarter Quell, and look forward to a successful Game this year! Now, as many of you know, each Quarter Quell is marked by a special condition to show the Districts how foolish they are to oppose the Capitol and to glorify the Capitol itself! This condition has largely been kept secret, until now." Many of the tributes looked uncertain about what was to come next while many of the Gamemakers in the room looked very happy with themselves. Crane smiled, continuing with his speech. "This year, as a twist and a first time for the Hunger Games, there can be more than one Victor." Almost all the tributes in the arena looked shocked, even in the more stoic ones. Many of them actually cheered while some are simply stunned beyond words or actions. Crane noticed however that some of the Careers aren't as happy, though he isn't done with his announcement yet. "But at the same time that there is the possibility for multiple Victors, there is also the possibility of there being no Victors!" That dampened the mood of the tributes, who were no longer cheering or looking happy. "Yes, quite the twist this year wouldn't you say?" Crane asked. "Not only is the end result different, but the manner in which you may claim victory will also be different. For example, you can kill every other tribute in the arena or perhaps hide from the violence and win that way, but it won't matter. This year, you don't win by being the last tribute alive but rather by taking part in a scavenger hunt." "Around the arena are eight pages, most of which are hiding in plain view for you to find. All the pages will be necessary for you to claim victory, for they will tell you how to defeat your true enemy in the arena." Crane looked at the screen, enjoying the looks of confusion on each of the tributes faces. "In the arena is a monster of myth, specially brought to you by the best scientists in all of Panem!You will need to defeat this creature before you can claim victory, and before it finds you." Crane was again happy to see the mixed reactions from all the tributes. Most of them were even more horrified now then they looked at the Reaping, while the Careers looked rather angry. On that note, Crane finished up his speech. "As a helpful clue, this creature will only hunt at night. And as another helpful clue, sundown will be in about ten minutes! Now from all of us across Panem, Happy Hunger Games and may the odds be ever in your favor!" Crane smiled as he logged off from the mic as the Capitol anthem played across the arena. Cheers and claps of approval erupted across the control room and Crane accepted their praise. "Excellent work, sir!" the senior Gamemaker said smiling. Crane nodded to him though politely but knew that the man was nothing more than a sniveling kiss up. Crane didn't let his mind linger on that though, he felt far to elated. He, Seneca Crane, had created the most unique Hunger Games to date. People would be talking about him for ages to come, how Seneca Crane had revolutionized the way the Hunger Games would be done. How he had created the greatest Hunger Games to date. What a fitting swan song for Seneca Crane's amazing career. And so it begins! THE SLENDER GAMES! By the way, this story shouldn't be that long. I'm planning on only 13 chapters so stay tune for more!