this a lot harder than I am. I shouldn't be too selfish with your attention. Please go see him." She tells me. I nod and she hugs me good-bye. I already don't want to let her go into the Games. I make my way out of her room and cross the hall to Ren's room and knock. He takes more time than Josie to open his door. When he finally does, he looks surprised to see me and looks past me as if expecting something else. "Peeta's showering." I tell him. He lets me in and I sit on his bed as I did when I was with Josie. "Josie tells me that you're having trouble getting used to the idea of being reaped." I ask and he huffs. "Well I'll be dead in two weeks tops, so why shouldn't I be worrying about that?" He says a little harsh and I immediatley reach over to my right, but remember that Peeta isn't with me. Ren notices and his face softens. "I'm sorry." He says and looks down. He's pacing his room, and it makes me worry for him more. "I just don't want to be in an arena with little children. I don't want to have to kill a nine year old." He says in exasperation as he pounds the wall with his fist. He honestly frightens me a little. "And I'm sure everyone will be falling at Josie's feet. She's like the female version of Finnick Odair. Just wait for her interview. I'm many grades above her, yet I've heard much about her from many people. She's perfect. But don't think I'm romantically attracted to her. She's fourteen." He practically warns me. I think of Josie. She is very pretty and seems to have a sweet personality. "She'll outshine me. On the chariot ride, in training, and the interviews. Not to mention the arena." He says shaking his head. "You look strong and healthy. You definitely stand a chance." I tell him, but he smirks. "Only because you and Peeta are my mentors. That's why more people will pay attention to Josie and I. Another score for her. She's smart, pretty, and social. She may looks small, but I promise she's a fighter. She once beat up someone from my grade for teasing her about her mother." He informs me. Huh. Who'd have thought Josie would ever beat anyone up. His door bursts open. A red faced Josie is standing outside of his door. "Faren had no right to make fun of my mother being born in the Seam! And you stand more of a chance than I do. I'm not pretty at all! And I'm not social, I'm annoying!" She bursts. She's has a hot temper for such a small person. "Don't talk about me just because I wanted to make sure you were okay! You eyed me as if I were trying to kill you when we shook hands. I stand absolutely no chance against someone like you!" She says, her voice gains a higher pitch when she's angry. "Please calm down-" I begin, but Ren cuts me off. "No! Stop trying to make me feel better! My death is inevitable in that arena, and little Miss Sunshine's victory is in arms reach. Just leave!" He yells, I'm so startled at his own outburst that I grab Josie's hand and close his door behind us as I drag her out. "Let her help you!" Josie yells before I fully close his door. She's breathing heavily and her cheeks are bright red. "Get some rest Josie. Don't bother him for the rest of tonight. I'm sure he'll be better tomorrow." I tell her but she shakes her head. "Good night, Katniss." She says before I walk out of her room. Hopefully I can send them both to the Games before they kill each other. I run into Peeta as I walk to my room, distracted in my thoughts. "What happened? I heard Josie all the way from our room." He says and I sigh. I grab his hand and pull him back to our room before I begin. "I talked to Josie and it went well. But then she suggested I talk to Ren because she thought he hadn't taken it well, and she was right. I guess that she was listening through the door to our conversation because half way through, she burst into his room angry that he was complimenting her." I tell him. And to my surprise, he chuckles. I give him a look. "That sounds like someone else I know." Is all Peeta says. I'm confused at first, but then I remember that I had sort of acted the same way when he was telling Haymitch and Effie that I was a good shot with a bow and arrows. After I realize it, I give a dramatic gasp and slap his arm playfully. He's surprised at first, but he thinks that I'm being serious so he wraps his arms around me and I try to wiggle out of them. "I'm just messing with you. But you know it's true. No need for violence." He whispers to me because I'm trying to break free, to no avail. I finally give up as he begins to squeeze tighter. "Okay, fine. Now let me go, I'm tired. I just want this day to be over. And I want to see what Cinna and Portia will do for their costumes at the opening ceremonies." I say. He listens and lets go. I immediately lie down. This day has been too much. I hope that Josie and Ren won't try to kill each other in the arena. Peeta wraps his arms around me and we get comfortable before I finally fall asleep. I hope that Josie and Ren don't have a hard time to going to sleep. . . I'm excited for this story! I hope you guys like the tributes/story. Please follow, favorite, and/or review. Xoxo, Daisy