and despair came to mind though. The darkness took Anastasia, whose canon followed shortly afterwards. The Valkyrie began screaming in agony once more, causing Willow to look over at them. Willow caught the glance of Charm who looked at her in rage, upset that Willow had not died. Her success was confirmed seconds later by a loud and joyous voice. "Ladies and Gentlemen of Panem! It is our honor to present to you the Victor of the 76th Annual Hunger Games - Willow Bark of District 7!" Suddenly the Valkyrie began to vomit out blood, black in color and awful in smell. Their skin began to darken and membranes became apparent even from the distance Willow was at. They began to fall to their feet, their decaying skin finally sliding off their bloodies and into a bloody pile along with their disintegrating muscles. The Valkyrie began to scream in agony, this time their own, as the Gamemakers culled them. They had outlived their purpose and were now part of the finale show. Willow's strength came back to her as a mix of emotions overwhelmed her senses. "AAAAAAAAAAH!" Willow screamed at the sky, lying on the ground looking up. "I WON! I WON THE FUCKING HUNGER GAMES! I'M YOUR FUCKING VICTOR, PANEM! AAAAAAAAAAAAH!" She continued screaming triumphantly, oblivious to the pain that racked her body. This was the happiest day of Willow's life and she wasn't going to let her own suffering get in the way of it. A hovercraft materialized above her as a ladder descended towards her. Willow was still screaming in happiness as it landed next to her, lighting up like a landing pad. Willow wrapped her arm around one of the steps tightly, unable to climb it. The pilots understood this and the ladder began returning to the hovercraft, Willow still on it. Willow soared above the arena, watching the Valkyrie turn to puddles of melted muscle and blood. She saw Anastasia's lifeless body laying in the sand, her arms outstretched and legs close together. She looked like the letter T to Willow and oddly angelic with her red blood pouring behind her life a cape. Willow looked elsewhere as she felt her vision fade. She looked to the bamboo stalks, the swamp, and the destroyed hills. It was hell on Earth, but it was a hell that she had survived. By being the best monster of them all. "I did it mom, I won..." Willow whispered to herself, "I did it..." Willow's eyes closed as she entered the bright, sterile hovercraft cargo hold, letting the sweet darkness take hold of her. The Gamemaker control room had erupted into a festival as the 76th Victor was hoisted from the arena, cheers of excitement going with the popping of champagne bottles. Some Gamemakers drank their hearts out, some kissed one another in glee, and some began giving their own off key rendition of popular songs. Plutarch did not take a part in any of these celebrations. He sat in the Head Gamemaker's chair, overseeing the entire control room. He kept his eyes on the screen, watching the 76th Victor escape the arena as Caesar and Claudius reigned praise and celebrated with their live studio audience. Camera shots took the screen to other locations across the Capitol where joyous fans cheered for the exciting finale. There were even a few shots of the Victor's Districts, where citizens cheered for their Victor and the gifts a victory in the Hunger Games would bring them. But Plutarch thought little of those people or for celebrating. His mind was elsewhere, lost in a whole other world. Seneca Crane, his mentor and friend, was dead by his hand. Lydia de Veillux was still alive though her daughter wasn't and her household had all been annihilated. Guilt still crept up on Plutarch as he remembered the night he had turned on Lydia to Snow. He had been ordered to do it by District 13. President Coin did not see Lydia as an appropriate Capitolite they could control. The chaos she was spreading was doing more harm to District 13's cause than good. Most importantly, however, Lydia's wish for the end of the Hunger Games was what was the fatal blow to her. Despite the horror and barbarism that came with the Games, they did serve one purpose for District 13 and the rebels. They united the Districts. They united the Districts in pain, in fear, in rage of the Capitol. The Capitol had work hard to keep the Districts separate, to make sure they knew little about the other. To believe that their District was the worst and the other Districts thrived while their District suffered. The Capitol, however, couldn't help but show all of Panem though that they all suffered together through the Games, even the Career Districts did. It was the one uniting force that District 13 had. The Hunger Games were a necessary evil if District 13 wanted to unite the twelve divided Districts. In his pocket, Plutarch felt his phone vibrating. He pulled it out quickly, the device lighting up in his hand softly. It was a burn phone and beyond Snow's ability to trace. He read the message and saw the image that accompanied it, happy with both. 'M is safe. Bringing her to apartment.' Below the message was an image of Madge Undersee's body. Plutarch smiled to himself. He knew about Madge's abduction and torture thanks to Snow, shocked by the young girl's resilience against the evils she was faced with. She could be a valuable asset to him and District 13, if she was properly molded. Perhaps there was a ray of hope in this mess of the world. Poll Results for Victor Raven: 13 Votes Willow: 8 Votes Anastasia: 5 Votes Seriously? I was shocked to find so many Raven supporters, where the heck are you guys? Maybe you'll review now... Celebration in the Capitol and District next, followed by the Victory Tour chapters and Epilogue.