a Peacekeeper comes to fetch me, with Ryder in tow. We load into the truck with Jewel in the middle of us, chattering away about how we're going to love the Capitol. Well at least one of us is happy about the outcome of the Reaping. The train station is filled with excited cameramen and reporters, but the Peacekeepers keep them at bay. I try to look straight ahead and not waver from my bored, emotionless look. I'm glad once we're on the train and moving along the tracks. The train is obviously Capitol-made, with crystal chandeliers, comfortable couches, and lavish food choices. "Well, I must say, you too are the most attractive tributes I've ever seen." Jewel said, beaming at us. "One male tribute that won a while back was plenty aggressive, but the ugly scars made him less desirable in the Capitol. I'm sure the Capitol citizens will LOVE you!" When we don't respond, Jewel awkwardly clears her throat. "Well, help yourselves to anything on the table over there—the chocolate raspberry cake is excellent—and I am going to make sure your rooms are ready." As soon as she leaves the room I wish she hadn't. Ryder and I don't move at all. We just sit there awkwardly, like this is the first time we've met. He's the first one to speak. "Do you know where our mentor is?" Come to think of it, I haven't seen him anywhere. Not even at the Reaping, where attendance is obligatory for everyone. "No." I reply flatly. He looks concerned, "What's wrong?" he says. I glare at him, "Well you weren't exactly civil to me at the Reaping, or even after it! You acted like you didn't know me at all!" I hiss. His brow furrows, "If we showed any sign of friendship, I figured the Gamemakers would see the footage and target us even more. I did it to protect you, you know." I know he's right, but I don't want to admit it. "Look, I know we can't ignore the inevitable, that either one of us or both of us are going to die, but lets cherish the last moments we have together, OK?" he says quietly. He must see my glare soften, because he smiles at me wearingly. Suddenly I feel an urge to eat. As I get up, Ryder looks thoughtfully out the window, probably already trying to figure out a strategy. I load my plate with one of everything. I also order a glass of something on the menu called orange juice. I only had it once at home, and I loved it. When I sit down at the table in front of Ryder, he snorts, "You're going to fatten yourself so much that you won't survive one day in the Games!" I let out a huff of breath, "Well I actually was going to share with you!" He raises an eyebrow. I actually wasn't, but now that I think about it I was probably not going to eat it all. I push the plate to the middle so that it's right in the middle. He shrugs and his fingers linger over the chocolate-raspberry cake. We're eating silently in the room when the door opens. We both stand up and turn around to see a handsome tall, blond haired man coming into the room. His eyes linger over us, sizing us up, and finally he smiles and says, "Hello, I'm Finnick Odair, your mentor." We all sit down on the couches. Finnick glances over at the empty plates "Look like you two already helped yourself." Ryder bows his head shamefully, but I sit up straighter and nod. "I didn't have breakfast or lunch today so I was quite hungry." I say. Finnick stares at me, his blue eyes taking in everything, my dress, my hair, my muscles, my expression of indifference. "And just when I hoped I wouldn't get a couple of arrogant blockheads this year." He mumbles. This statement makes me angry. "I am NOT an arrogant blockhead thank you very much. Ryder will back me up on this one. I'm nothing like the usual Careers." "She's right." Ryder pipes up, "She's been focused on keeping her family safe ever since her sister volunteered for her in the 60th Hunger Games four years ago." Finnick raises his eyebrows at me, "Serena Seaton was your sister?" I nod slowly, "My name is Maya." A flash of emotion passes through Finnick's eyes, is that…guilt? But it's gone as soon as it appears, and he smiles at me, but this time his smile has lost it's sarcasm and artificialness. "Well then, Ms. Seaton, forgive me for judging you too fast." His gaze turns to Ryder, "And what is your name?" "Ryder Glass." He replies. Finnick nods slowly, savoring the name, "Well, you're both pretty young and good looking, which means you will already have sponsors, but we have to figure out what your image will be once we arrive in the Capitol," he smiles sarcastically, "Once I get to know you two better." "Should we get to talking about to talking about strategy?" Ryder asks eagerly. Finnick puts out his hands, "Yes, of course, but first why don't you too get changed and settled into your rooms. Meet me back here in twenty minutes." He rises, so we take that as a cue and slowly stand up. Jewel sashays into the room, "Come on dears, your rooms are ready!" She motions for us to walk through the sliding door she just came out of, and as we're walking that way I remember something. I turn back to Finnick. "Finnick?" I say. He looks up at me, and his blue eyes give me chills, as if he was reading my mind. "Why weren't you at the Reaping today? Aren't mentors supposed to attend?" He stares at me for a few seconds, analyzing me,"That," he says, "Is none of your business." I turn around and walk past Jewel through the door.