symphonic choir! I'm so glad to see most of you have returned! But, there are some new faces as well!" I look around and see that most of them are looking at me and two others who appear to be sophomores. Well, now I know who else is new here with me. "Okay, so, today I'd like us to familiarize ourselves and our vocals with those of everyone else in the group." Our teacher begins, and I can feel a slight tension arise between all of the students. "So after our warmups, we will all sing a small piece of music I think fits each of your voices evenly, let's begin!" After doing a series of rather odd warmups, Mrs. Barton takes out a cream colored folder labeled 'Symphonic Choir' and begins to take out a stack of various sheets of music, each with a students name on them. She passes them out to each designated student. Upon seeing mine, I quirk an eyebrow. It was a very modern and new song, and I'd heard it around multiple times. I look around and see others inspecting our teacher's choice of song for themselves, most looking pleased. I read over the highlighted verse I'm supposed to sing. Mrs. Barton claps her hands suddenly and we all look up to face her, "The order in which people will sing will be completely up to you all. We will start with volunteers, and then I will begin to pick when you stop." The first six to volunteer are all fairly well, with Madge surprising me the most with her gentle yet beautiful voice on a rendition of Tori Kelly's, Hollow . It's down to Cato, Katniss, and I when the volunteering ceases. "Hmm. . . Cato! You're next!" our teacher announces before looking to me. "We'll save my little birdie for last, you're after Cato, Mr. Mellark." I nod nervously before shooting a victorious look towards Cato for not having to go before him. Cato ends up having a pretty good voice, and I purposefully clap obnoxiously loud and whistle when he's finished, which earns me a discreet finger. "Okay, Mr. Mellark, you're next." I hear from my teacher. I take in a deep breath before looking down at my music and beginning to sing the song she'd given me. The room is silent before Cato begins to cheer even more obnoxiously than I did and I punch his arm lightly. "I knew you'd be a wonderful addition," compliments Mrs. Barton, and I give her a kind smile in return. "Now you, birdie." She says to Katniss. Katniss presses her lips together slightly before flipping to a highlighted page, with a deep breath, she begins her beautiful melody, "I remember tears streaming down your face When I said, 'I'll never let you go.' When all those shadows almost killed your light. I remember you said, 'Don't leave me here alone.' But all that's dead and gone and passed, tonight. . . Just close your eyes, The sun is going down. You'll be alright, No one can hurt you now. Come morning light, You and I'll be safe and sound. Don't you dare look out your window, darling, Everything's on fire. The war outside our door keeps raging on. . . Hold on, to this, lullaby. Even when the music's gone, Gone. . . Just close your eyes, The sun is going down. You'll be alright, No one can hurt you now. Come morning light, You and I'll be safe and sound." This time, the class erupts into honest and awed claps and cheers, but no one expects her to flee from the room. Gone in a flash. I begin to make my way out of the room in search of her, but our teacher stops me. "That's her and Primrose's song, give her some air," she says softly, "She sings it every year, but we can both understand why it's especially hard this time around." I stare at her, feeling utterly helpless. I want to go comfort Katniss, but I know that she'll push me away. Especially since it regards her little sister. "Okay." Katniss doesn't return for the rest of class, and I don't see her at the end of the day either, so I suppose that she went home early. I felt empty after she left. The class, and atmosphere in general, didn't feel the same after the abrupt departure of Mrs. Barton's star pupil. And she was all I could think about now. On my way home, I picked up another basket of primroses from the florist and leave it at her doorstep. And a note, though still anonymous, attached with a batch of cheese buns. The rest of my day consists of alternating between reality and thinking of Katniss, my final thought of the night hoping that she wouldn't close herself off to the world tomorrow. A/N ~ This chapter, and story in general, went through a lot before I deemed it suitable for posting and I really hope you guys enjoyed it! I decided to post this new story in dedication of my readers who are being patient while I fix and retrieve my old files for my previously uploaded stories. I have not given up on them, and currently wrote this on a different device. Oh, and this story will be updated weekly unless I get impatient or something comes up. I'm uploading a little earlier than intended because I'm heading off to visit family in New Jersey, but Saturday's will be the days you guys should keep a lookout for updates. Also, do you guys want to try and beat me at The Hunger Games quizzes? Join my new favorite app, QuizUp, and follow me by searching "Daisy #ILA" I accept all challenges and have found it to be the best app for quizzes. Just thought I'd share the fun with you all! With love, Daisy Written : December 20th, 2015 Published : July 21st, 2016