face of the man who was once Gale's adviser filled the screen of his laptop. "Mr. Hawthorne." Dr. B.T. Latier grinned broadly. "I see Mr. Brenner has managed to bring you back from the dead." It had been five years, but Latier's calm voice still sent chills down Gale's spine. Gale half-expected him to say that they'd found something wrong with Gale's transcript somehow, and that they were sending him back to engineering school. Gale's face grew warm. "Professor Latier," he managed to say, trying not to go cross-eyed as he focused on the screen. "It's great to hear from you again. Thom said you were working in the private sector now." Latier chuckled. "Did he tell you I went over to the dark side?" "Well, yes," Gale hedged. "But I thought you told him to say that." "I did, I did," Latier said, cleaning his glasses and putting them back on. "Are you still with Panem Industries?" "Yes," Gale said, wiping his clammy hands on his jeans. "Working on what?" "Technologies for mining safety, mostly." His father had almost died in a cave-in when Gale was fourteen, and since then Gale had made it his personal crusade to improve working conditions in the mines. As much as he hated Panem Industries and as creepy as their CEO Coriolanus Snow was, his job put him on the right track to do just that. Eventually. Katniss's dad had worked in the mines, too, and he'd been in the same accident. The long, onerous class action suit that followed was the entire reason Gale met Katniss in the first place. Gale felt sick to his stomach, and not just from the Polish vodka. How could he function like a normal human being when everything in his life reminded him of Katniss? Latier nodded thoughtfully as Gale described his projects and responsibilities at Panem, or at least the parts that he was allowed to talk about. "Do you have a non-compete clause in your contract?" the former professor asked. "Just three months." "Excellent. I can work with three months." Latier leaned back in his chair, crossed his arms over his chest, and smiled. "How would you like to come work with me?" "With you?" Gale repeated. "Yes. You're brilliant—that's a given—and I've always admired your work ethic, Hawthorne. This company I'm working for, sometimes I think it's got more money than sense, so I'm going to go ahead and surround myself with people I trust." "Thank you, Professor," Gale said humbly. "Our headquarters are in Stockholm. Lots of locals, lots of expats. It's a very dynamic, very multicultural environment—you'll like it a lot." Latier scribbled on a piece of paper and held it up for Gale to see. "This is what you're likely to get paid. I expect you'll like that a lot, too." Holy shit, that was a lot of zeroes. "What currency is that in?" "It's in Swedish kroner," Latier said. "It includes your rent and a small stipend for other expenses. Scandinavia is expensive, mind you, so all our expatriate employees get a cost-of-living allowance. If you have dependents—a partner, kids—it'll be adjusted upwards. Are you married? Engaged?" I could have been. More thoughts of Katniss came bubbling to the surface, but Gale pushed them back down. "No, but would my parents and siblings count as dependents?" "Unfortunately, no. Not unless you can demonstrate that your contributions are their main source of income." Gale allowed himself a sheepish smile. "Oh, well, it was worth a shot." "I know it's a lot to take in, but here's what we can do," Latier continued. "My boss will need to meet you anyway, and there's a conference in Iceland that we're attending next week. So how about you come up and meet us in Reykjavík, ask us any questions you might have? We'll pay for the flights, put you up at a hotel for three days—that's standard for all our prospective expats, and there are no strings attached." Gale dragged a hand through his hair. This was happening too fast, too soon, and it all sounded too good to be true. But Professor Latier was vouching for him, and even if Gale didn't accept the offer—or get one in the first place—he still would have gotten a free trip to Iceland out of it. Hell, Gale could even take the money he'd been saving for marrying Katniss and spend it on a flight to Norway to visit Thom, see what all the fuss was about. He had another friend in Denmark, though Gale wasn't entirely sure that visiting Johanna Mason—Katniss's other best friend—was a good idea. He twisted the ring on his finger, lost in thought. "So what do you think, Hawthorne?" Latier wanted to know, bringing Gale back to the present. "Are you in or not?" And if Gale did end up taking the job, some distance from Katniss was just what he needed. Okay, so Sweden was probably overkill, and anyone who knew them would almost certainly think he was running away, but still... Gale's face broke into a huge grin. He touched his left wrist, something he had a habit of doing each time he made a decision or a promise, though he could never really explain why. "I'm in." . . . A/N: I hope you're liking it so far! Again, it's not necessary to have read Enthralled to follow along, but I would definitely recommend it. There will be lots of references and callbacks—for example, Annie's brother Rafe is Ulf from Enthralled (both names mean "wolf"). Grandpa Donner's Mjolnir pendant made its first appearance in Enthralled , as well. Vostead = våd / våt means "wet", and sted / stad means "place" or "town/city". Medea Smyke , captain of the Gadge ship, is responsible for imprinting me with male!Bristel. He's absolutely irresistible in An Extra Dividend . If these notes haven't bored you yet, there's even more nerdery on my Tumblr under the tag #previously on ATY .