the thirteenth obliterated. The Treaty of Treason gave the districts new laws to guarantee peace and, as a yearly reminder that the Dark Days must never be repeated, the Hunger Games were created. In punishment for the uprising, each of the twelve districts must provide one girl, and one boy, called tributes, to participate. The twenty-four tributes will be imprisoned in a vast outdoor arena that could hold anything from a burning desert to a frozen wasteland. Over a period of several weeks, the competitors must fight to the death. The last tribute standing wins. Taking the kids from the districts, forcing them to kill one another while the rest of Panem watches—this is the Capitol's way of reminding the districts of how totally at the mercy of the Capitol they are. How little chance they would stand of surviving another rebellion. Their message is clear. "Look how we take your children and sacrifice them and there's nothing you can do. If you lift a finger, we will destroy every last one of you. Just as we did District Thirteen." The Capitol requires everyone in Panem to treat the Hunger Games as a festivity, a sporting event pitting every district against others. The last tribute alive receives a life of ease back home, and their district will be showered with prizes, largely consisting of food. All year, the Capitol will show the winning district gift of grain and oil and even delicacies like sugar while the rest of the districts battle starvation. "It is both a time for repentance and a time for thanks." Intones the mayor. Then he reads the list of past District 12 victors. In seventy-four years, district 12 has had exactly two. Only one is still alive—Haymitch Abernathy, a paunchy, middle-aged man, who at this moment appears hollering something unintelligible, stagger onto the stage, and falls into the third chair. He's drunk. Very. The crowd responds with its token applause, but Katniss refuses to join in. It's the responsibility of the victors to mentor the tributes, help them win the Hunger Games. Mentors can help line up sponsors in the Capitol, which are rich people whom actually see the Hunger Games as a sport and not a mass massacre. They can use their money to send tributes in the arena supplies they need, like medicine, weapons, food. As District 12's only living victor, Haymitch is the only person that can help tributes win, which is why—Katniss thinks— District 12 hasn't had a Victor in the last twenty-four years. Haymitch is nothing but a lazy drunk; he probably doesn't even bother remembering the tributes names. Tributes from District 12 are often the poorest and most underfed children in the District, which means they're usually from the seam too. There's little hope of them winning, but for Haymitch to do nothing—it makes him just as bad as all the people from the Capitol. It doesn't help that he's a laughing stock. Haymitch, confused by the applause, tries to give Effie Trinket a sloppy hug. She avoids it, but Haymitch loses his balance and ends up barreling over the stage. The Capitol cameras are recording live and capture every minute of District 12's disgrace. No one laughs. There's nothing amusing about a broken, useless man. Trying to pull the attention back to the reaping, Effie Trinket trots to the podium, bright and bubbly as ever, and gives her signature, "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor!" Her pink hair and ridiculous makeup are off-place in such a drab place, especially on such a gloomy day. "It is such an honor to be here, in such a pristine and beautiful district." She fakes; being an escort to an outlier district like 12 has to be the worst type of job—well in the Capitol anyway. There are much worse occupations. Like mining. "Ladies first!" Effie says as she always does, crossing over to the large glass ball with the girl's names on it. She reaches in, digs her hand deep into the ball. Katniss holds her breathe, her heartbeat erratic. The only thing on her mind is Not Prim. Not me. Not Prim. Not me. Not Prim. Effie pulls out a slip of paper and crosses back to the podium. She soothes out the slip and reads the name out in a clear voice. "Maple Graystone." A seam girl emerges from the area marked off for fifteen year olds. She's tall for a Seam girl but severely underfed. If her cheeks weren't so sunken in, she'd be a real beauty. Her shoulders shake so much from her tears she actually trips twice before getting to the stage. Poor girl. Looks like a stray wind could topple her. "Boy's next!" Katniss relaxes, so relieved that it wasn't herself or Prim. She can feel her blood rush in her ears. Amongst her relief she starts to feel guilty, guilty for being relieved while another girl heads off to her death, guilty for not think of anyone else, like Madge or Gale whom still has a high chance of being picked. This must be that tunnel vision Prim likes to tease her about. She almost misses the boy's name as the guilt builds up for being so relieved without consideration for Gale or his brother. Effie reads the name, but Katniss only catches the last name of the boy reaped for the 74th hunger games "—Mellark" Katniss pales. She turns her head in time to see a tall and blonde boy head to the stage. She knows that boy. It's Ryean Mellark. Oh no. She thinks Not him. Well here it is. The first chapter of a story I've been meaning to write for a long time. And yes, a lot of this chapter is directly from the book. In fact, the first two chapters are largely taken from the books. So yea, tell me what you think! 😊 And as always I do not own The Hunger Games