in earnest. "Dannel tries to understand, he tries so hard but he just doesn't know he's only making it worse. How do you live Robin? How do you go on day by day when the person who was everything to you is dead?" "I-" he took a deep breath and tentatively reached a hand out to brush her face with his fingers. "I can't give up on life because of the mockingjays." "What?" She was confused. "My brother used to say that mockingjays symbolize the strength of the will to live. When the Capitol left Jabberjays to die out they only mated with the mockingbird to give life to the most proliferic bird there is. They're everywhere, reminding me that if they could survive, so can I." There was a rustle behind them, as a flock of curious mockingjays peeped out from the foliage. Since their ancestors the jabberjays had been bred to eavesdrop on humans, the mockingjays cocked their heads inquisitively and watched the young couple with interest. "Sing?" she asked, almost pleadingly. Normally shy, Robin took a deep breath and began to sing a verse from his brother's favourite song. I hope it's worth it, What's left behind me, I know you'll find your own way, When I'm not with you And as always they fell silent, and after a polite pause sang the words back to him. Ruth's eyes widened and her tears seemed to dry up. She turned to him with a mixture of awe and envy. "That was magical, I've never heard anything like it. Thank you, Robin." He blushed and shrugged bashfully. "I can sing for you any time you like, if you want." "Would you really?" She looked at him with such intensity he blushed even harder and had to look away. "Of course. Can we meet tomorrow after school in the field?" She smiled and gave his hand a squeeze. "It's a date." The next day, a rumour swept through the school hallways that Ruth and Dannel had broken up. Robin kept his head down and refused to join in the gossip about the school's golden couple, burdened by irrational guilt. "So do you think Ruth dumped Dannel or the other way around?" Two girls were gossiping in hushed whispers at the water fountain that had been broken ever since he could remember. "The other way around of course, Ruth's been such a downer recently, she's no fun anymore." "Yeah I know right? Oh I did my hair differently today, do you think Dannel will notice?" Robin ignored their whispers and slammed his locker shut. He shouldered this third-hand books over his broken schoolbag and walked out the doors. He wondered if Ruth had heard the various talk—or if she had been offended. Either way, she never mentioned school when they met that afternoon. Strolling through the meadow, their hardships became a distant dream. They no longer looked away if the other stared too long. The held hands and talked. They smiled at the discovery that both took joy from the simplest things in life. Later of course new rumours began swirling that Ruth had hit rock bottom when she was slumming with some Seam orphan but she didn't seem to care and he was so blissfully happy he didn't care either. Together, they felt immune to anything the world could throw at them. . "She likes me Raven, she actually likes me!" he told his brother excitedly. Seventeen was too old to be acting this childish but with Ruth in his life everything was better. The colours were brighter, birds sounded sweeter, even his bland food was tastier. It was the first time in his life he had ever felt so happy. His head was so high in the clouds as he thought about Ruth that he didn't even hear the footsteps approaching until he turned around to see, of all people Dannel Mellark. Noticing the bouquet of assorted blooms from the District florist, Robin nodded his respects. "Visiting your brother, Robin?" he asked pleasantly. "Here." He plucked a violet from his bouquet and placed it across Raven's grave. "I'm afraid I'm going to start becoming a regular here, Linde was my favourite cousin," he confessed, laying the rest of the bouquet in front of the newest female tribute's grave. Robin stared at the flowers, then at Dannel's expression, remembering nimble Linde Undersee as doing incredibly well for District 12- until she ran into the Careers. "I didn't know you were related to the Undersees," he finally said. "Almost all the merchants are related in some way or another. Ruth is actually my third cousin twice removed, did you know that? At the rate we're going the merchant quarter is going to be more inbred than my family's bakery in a few generations." He gave a small laugh at his own joke. Robin's hands clenched tightly. "Why are you being so nice to me? You should hate me," he blurted. Dannel looked up at him with a puzzled frown. "Why? Because Ruth chose you over me?" he said mildly. Robin nodded, not trusting himself to speak. Dannel looked away and sighed. "What's the point of all this hatred? It just goes around and around, and who wins? Not us. You know, from the Capitol to District 12 we're all people. How does it make sense for the country you're born in determine whether someone goes to die or watches? I've always thought that maybe if we focused on what was the same instead of what's different, then maybe we would realize we actually have no reason to hate each other." Robin looked at the baker thoughtfully, seeing him in a new light. A surge of emotion, a mixture respect, remorse, wistfulness struck through his heart as he thought about what the world would be like if it more people like Dannel Mellark were in charge. But then again, he thought sadly, gentle souls like him were rarer than District 12 victors.