want me to be here?" she asks slightly offended. "No," he counters, "you could have spend your night with someone else, someone better than me," She looks up at him suspicion suddenly taking over, "Well I wouldn't be here if I thought someone else could be better than you," "Even Eric Damon?" he asks, looking down at his shoelaces. She smiles knowingly as if finally figuring out a part of him and in answer she leans forward and whispers, "Eric Damon can never ever be anywhere near you," He looks at her lips and back to the certainty in her eyes as she leans in and covers his lips with hers. The moment does not take long for Finnick's heart to suddenly start beating fast as he moves in closer to her. For all the women whose lips he had kissed not one of them could ever compare to the softness and eagerness of Annie Cresta's lips. Her hands wrap behind his neck pulling him closer until she falls on the carpeted floor pulling him with her. He nearly crushes her with his weight as if Annie was not used to his body crushing hers (not that she didn't like it). The action was enough to dissolve them both to a moment of laughter before she captures him again with her lips. "I don't think I can let you spend Christmas Eve cold and alone in this house," she whispers, her fingers finding the buttons on his shirt. "If it helps, Johanna has lent me her cat for the holidays," he mutters, his voice dropping down to a nervous chuckle as her fingers carefully undo each button. "Did she now?" she asks, her hands drawing patterns on his exposed skin, "Mhmm," he agrees, "he's sleeping on my bed right now," "Pity," she answers, as she helps him remove his shirt. His lips find the familiar skin of her neck as does his hands find the buttons of her pants. "Guess we'll have to take the floor then," she mutters, "not that you won't mind," "Fine by me," he agrees, not letting the moment pass by. The burning wood in the fireplace could not compare to the heat burning in between the lovers' eyes and very soon Finnick Odair and Annie Cresta would find themselves intertwined not anytime soon. "You know, I was just thinking that I like this," he whispers as his fingers finding the smooth skin of her back under the blanket. "like what?" she asks, her warm breath tickling his skin. "I like being with you, and doing things with you. I like lying down here just thinking about nothing and everything all at the same time," he continues as he looks up at the dark ceiling. She looks up to where he is looking and tries to make out whatever it is he could see that she could not. Unable to find or make out anything she resolves to ask her own. "What about this?" she asks, propping herself up to reach his face and leaning in to kiss his lips. Her long dark hair tickles him as he breaks the moment, He replies, "Especially that. I like that a lot." They both disrupt into a fit of chuckles as Annie adjusts the huge blanket over, yearning to be as close as possible to him. She lays her head back down to his bare chest, hearing the familiar beating of his heart when the question she has been yearning to ask comes in. "Do you think this is okay?" she asks, "What do you mean?" "This," she motions to their position. "Well I could kick the cat off the bed if you'd like," he suggests, "No!," she counters, rolling her eyes at his statement as he laughs, "I meant this. Us just doing this," "Sleeping over?" he comments. Annie squints her eyes at him. "Finnick," "I'm okay with us just being us. And nothing else." He says, his voice finally taking on a serious note. "And what is us?" she asks. The thought hits Finnick Odair for the first time. He had never once taken relationships in any serious matter as he did so with Annie Cresta and he feared over the consequences that could possibly happen if he continued letting her in his life. But as he stared down at her curious green eyes wide with questions about the status of their "relationship" he could not guarantee a correct answer that could silence the question in their hearts. "I don't know," he answers quietly, "but if you'd stick around for a bit, maybe we could find out," The small smile on her lips was enough to make his heart flutter. "I'd like that very much," Hours later, in the dawn of Christmas morning, Finnick gently carries Annie to bed. Asleep in his arms, dreaming wonderful images in her mind, Finnick Odair thought that there could never be anyone else to him as Annie Cresta is. There was permanence etched in her that he was sure of. Though the permanence she has yet to show him was something he had yet to find out, he liked the idea of learning things with her. And as Finnick sat in front of the blank page with Pudge staring intently at him with his piercing cat eyes, he thought about Annie Cresta sleeping, he thought of all the feelings, all the questions burning in her mind and the answers he could possibly offer, he thought of the snowdrops Mags had always grown and how the pot Annie reminded him of Mags story. And as he found his fingers eagerly typing the story he had always wished to tell, it occurred to Finnick that some stories need not to be merely told but to be learned from and be made worthy of experience. The familiar hands and lips that would greet him from behind are enough of an experience. But not quite to finish a chapter of a book just yet.