to those bastards. Which scares the hell out of them. They know you are giving the rebels hope right now so they're doing anything then can to break you. It's all your fault that those sadistic fucks have been doing all this to us for seventy-five years and people are sick of it. .." I'm interrupted when I catch sight of her, she's pleading me to stop with her eyes. I may see all of this as a good thing, but she just sees people getting hurt. She's got more of her mother in her than she'd like to admit and I'd ever dare to tell her. I continue softer, grabbing her shoulders and making her look at me. "It's not your fault, you were thrown into this by them. When they tried to break you, it didn't work. So now, they want to punish you. That's all their doing. All you've done is fight to survive and protect those you care about, and then played along with their games to protect those you care for. If that's doing something wrong then being human is wrong. Which is probably why it's so offensive to the Capitol, they wouldn't know anything about being human. You didn't ask to be a symbol, they made you one. You didn't cause any of this. If we die it won't be your fault" "But I have no intention of dying for their little game, so either way you'll be innocent." I try to lighten this up with a joke but I look at Catnip and she is not laughing She's looking at me with her head slightly tilted and her eyes narrowed as if she's looking inside me to figure something out, (perhaps what my insides would look like on the floor) in her mind she probably is. Trying to see if I really believe it, and I do. She trusts my judgment most of the time, so if I really believe it... She nods her head after an intense few moments. "You're right..." She says it as if it's a foreign language. "You're right..." This time she's getting a grip on the words, I can see it starting to feel right in her head. "This is what they did because I wouldn't lay down and die. I don't want to be special; I just want to be left alone. So I can live my life and protect my family. I tried to play their game and they're still coming after us. Those..." She's building up steam and her voice is starting to rise a little. "Keep your voice down, I doubt the peacekeepers would enjoy your epiphany as much as I am." My cocky smile earns me a dirty look. Fortunately my comment comes just in time as a pair of peacekeepers appears in our formerly secluded hangout. I can tell I struck a nerve. As we walk back into the main part of town her head is up and her steps are fast. She had something on her mind, and it was making her angry. Is this how I look when I'm in the woods ranting about the Capitol? I doubt it; I couldn't possibly be this cute. She catches my look and shakes her head at me. She knows what I'm thinking but if I actually said the word adorable she might just kill me. She despises the word and I only use it when safely behind cover. Even if it's just for a second I'm glad we can get back to normal. Unfortunately, I don't get to enjoy it long. I walk her back to the gates of the Victor's Village. We nod an unsaid goodbye. I watch as she leaves and see it's not her house she's going to but Haymitch's. I only contemplate that mystery briefly, they've gotten close and since he brought her home, I've taken back almost every nasty thing I ever said about the lush. (I know, baby steps.) (Katniss) I don't bother knocking on Haymitch's door anymore. It's not like he'd get up to answer it. So when I swing it open and see him standing in the kitchen I'm almost shocked by how straight he's standing." It's already past 6, and you can still stand?" Sarcasm with a smile. "Haha, good one sweetheart. But of course I had to make sure I didn't have blurred vision when I saw you in all your lovely dresses." He knows I like to wear dresses as much as he does. "You were checking me out? I never knew you had those tastes." His laugh is even more forced now, "Only for you." Both our smiles drop as all our kidding around can't hide what we're both thinking, "You saw it?" he grumbles. I nod, "You caught what he said right?" He nods, "He's not done with you yet. The wedding isn't enough, that's the side show, his misdirection. It's got something to do with the Quell and the new rule. You watch out, he's gonna hit you where you least expect it." "I know, that's why I'm here. You're going to help me." I look him dead in the eyes with the same determination that used to get me good trading deals. He rolls his eyes and grabs a bottle off the counter. Without bothering with a glass, he gulps down as much as he can before coming up for air. He wipes his mouth with his sleeves and as his eyes lower from the drink he says, "Why do I know I'm not gonna like this?" With a smirk I answer, "Cause you're a lot smarter than you look?" END CHAPTER A/n: That's all for now but I have most of two already done and the whole story outlined so as long as I stay motivated the updates should come fast. And do you know what helps with motivation? Reviews... (he said in a sagely voice) Seriously tho, I would love to know what you think