understand it if it happened once, when she was upset because of her loss. But since then it never stopped. She was beating him all the time. As his best friend, I always knew about it. During our free afternoons, I always found out about his bruises or cuts or burns. And he let me. But only after I promised him, that I will not tell anyone. It made me furious, but what other option did I have? I knew he needed someone whom he can tell about everything and so I became that person. Sometimes our time by the lake becomes something like a psychologist session when he talks out his sadness caused by his mother. Telling me how he would love to make her proud and happy. But she will never like whatever he does. Her favorite is Dean. Rye and Peeta are just not lucky. They could do everything and she will never be pleased. I have seen him cry many times, but it doesn't make him weak in my eyes. In my eyes it makes him stronger. I know it very well, that tears make you stronger. I myself often cry with him, when he talks about his mother. Because I can't understand how she can treat her son like this. A son who is amazing and loving and kind like no one I have ever met. I would never tell anyone about his crying or about his mother because I promised I would not. He can always rely on me. When he needs to cry, I let him. I hug him and hold him in my arms. Sometimes I sing him a lullaby to calm him down. Because since his own mother doesn't love him, I want to show him, that there are other people who love him. Every time his mother tells him that he's worthless, he's nothing or a mistake, I always tell him otherwise. I always tell him, that for me, he is priceless and best friend forever. I always tell him, that without him, I may starve to death, because there would be no one who would share his lunch we me. This always makes him laugh. I try to always be there for him when he needs me. Whenever he needs me, any time of day or night. It often happened, that he called me or texted me late in the evening or at night, saying just 'I need you' . That is something like his SOS calling. We always meet by the lake or on the playground, by the swings, we swing next to each other and he tells me what happened (by the way yes, he overcame his fear of swings, however he still doesn't like to swing too high and he still hates when I jump off the swings). Sometimes, when his mother beats him badly, he would come and knock on my window softly and I would treat his wounds. I had to do it secretly so my parents would not know. But I always did my best and since I am a daughter of a nurse, I know a lot about healing wounds. There's a very well stocked first aid kid hidden under one of the floor boards in my bedroom. I'm surprised my parents don't know about anything yet. With the amount of time I spent outside of the house on some of his bad nights, when I climbed out of my window and we went to the swings or lake. I guess it's because my bedroom is the only one in the ground floor. My parents' and Prim's bedroom are in the first floor. Well right now, we are sixteen and my little sister Prim is twelve already. I can't believe how quickly our childhood ran away. We are at high school and our close friendship is still the same. We still go to school together, we still sit next to each other, he still draws pictures for me, I still sing for him and we often play tic-tac-toe or write messages in boring classes. We still spend our free time mostly together (even though there is less amount of free time because he works in the bakery now) and we still visit our lake or swings in the playground. Aaaaannd... He still shares his lunches with me. Even though our finance situation is better now and I do have proper lunches from my home, he still gives me a cupcake or muffin every day. And that's where our story begins. On our third year of high school, when I finally start to date. Believe it or not, I have never dated before. I have never been very interested in chasing boys, I'm just not that kind of girl. I always believed that the right one should like me just as I am and I won't need to chase him. But during this year, I will find out, what a true love is. Because there comes a new boy into our class this year. He's from California and his name is Gale Hawthorn. He's tall, his muscled body is tanned, his dark black hair falls into his face perfectly and his deep dark brown eyes are really stunning. I don't say that I have a crush on him or something. I'm not like that, because I know he couldn't actually like me, because I'm not very pretty. I'm just saying that he's a nice looking guy. But if he would ask me on a date, I'm not sure that I would resist saying yes. If you reached the end, thanks for reading! I know the story has not begun much, but this was an introdution chapter so please be patient with me. Feel free to favorite and follow and please leave me a review so I would know if you liked it or not. I really appreciate your opinions even when they are negative. Thanks again and see you in the next chapter!