my eyes. "I can't let the Mockingjay die, can I?" I'd tried not to sound bitter and spiteful, but it still ended up coming out that way. Portia was silent for a long moment, concentrating a little too hard as she painted my fingernails black. "She really loves you, you know," she said quietly. "The rumors that it was all an act ended real fast when you hit that force field in the arena in the Quarter Quell. Everyone saw what she felt for you. It's why Snow tried to use you to leverage her into submission. I guess that's where she really messed up. She gave him a weapon that day, with her reaction." I was stricken by her words, conflicted into speechlessness by disbelief and doubtful revelation. I remembered the moment she spoke about, of excruciating pain and the smell of burning flesh and plastic, then waking up to an extremely aching chest and Katniss' hysterical wet kisses, the way her arms were a vise around me as she clung to me and lamented that my heart had stopped. The memory was hazy though, another foggy window image, and I was about to dismiss Portia's comment when I thought about the videos that were used to hijack my memories. That one wasn't among them. I couldn't help but wonder why. It was a particularly pivotal moment for audiences. Everyone saw it. I had to push the thought out of my mind, because the harder I thought about it, the more the Enobaria-Katniss fanged hybrid lurked in the shadows of my memories, just waiting for the perfect time to trigger a violent episode. Do you think we would have ended up like this if only one of us had won? Just another part of the freak show? Sure. Especially you. Oh. And why especially me? Because you have a weakness for beautiful things and I don't. They would lure you into their Capitol ways and you'd be lost entirely. Having an eye for beauty isn't the same thing as a weakness. ...Except possibly when it comes to you. It seemed as though Katniss Everdeen would forever be in my head. Always morphing from mutt to muse. And what would she think of me agreeing to Snow selling my body? I couldn't much say no. The Capitol needed me. Losing a valuable asset like Finnick Odair, only to be replaced by the innocent, romantic boy from District Twelve. Only I wasn't that guy anymore. How would I ever be able to fake it. I couldn't preen the way Finnick did, I couldn't seduce audiences the way he did. I'd seduced Katniss, and by proxy, the audience as well. But Finnick reminded me of those vapid fools from the romance novels my mother used to read, and I had no intention or ability to become like that. I couldn't even fake that shit if I tried. I hoped no one expected me to be another version of him. "What am I supposed to do, Portia?" I said softly as she slid a signet ring on my right ring finger, then another silver band onto my thumb, then began fussing with my cufflinks. "How am I supposed to fuck a bunch of strangers when I know I won't fancy any of them?" A dreadful thought lingered in the back of my mind as I deduced that some of those strangers might possibly be men. A little crease formed in the center of her brow as if she were stifling a sob, but her face immediately went smooth as she held herself together for me. "There will be pills. Lots of pills. ...Just think of her ." I huffed out a half-hearted laugh and merely nodded. Clearly Portia hadn't been in on recent developments, as she surely would have been privy to the fact that thinking of Katniss most assuredly might make things worse. I'd merely stroked her hair and given her some trite statement of gratitude for her advice, my voice so hollow that even I didn't convince myself. Portia looked up at me with big, innocent dark eyes then, and I felt a pang of something in my chest that I hadn't felt for a very long time. I wasn't sure what it was. I think it might have been sympathy. Or gratitude at how devastated and defeated she seemed then, that someone I'd always considered to be a shallow Capitol puppet and something of a creep had been harboring such care and empathy for me this whole time. It was mildly comforting, and I think I was just grateful to be in the company of someone familiar from before that I didn't see as a threat. She'd looked so pretty and vulnerable as she looked up at me, the tears welling in her eyes as she bit her lower lip to keep it from quivering, and I think old me would have kissed her. Mutt me merely stared down at her with a tense smile, my heavy, jeweled hand absently stroking the side of her face in a feeble attempt at providing comfort. Hard to believe that was only weeks ago. It seems like it's been years. Taking clients almost seems routine now, and I know it's with the help of the diluted tracker jacker venom that Snow's doctors subject me to on a regular basis. It's nothing like when I was being tortured. It's not being used for the purpose of hijacking now. It's administered in its mildest forms, its composition slightly altered so that it doesn't target the part of the brain that controls fear, merely alters one's perception just enough to make the world shiny and bearable, so that I can escape inside my head if a client is particularly undesirable, but still be aware enough of my surroundings that I can at least marginally fake it. There's only one caveat: it's highly addictive, like morphling. But I'll worry about that when and if the time comes.