jaw flexed over clenched teeth. He could almost be in pain. He falls panting against my back, and I feel his undulating spasms inside me, and my heart skips as I suddenly realize the risk we just took, frantically calculating in my head where I am in my monthly courses. I wince and bury my face back in the furs, cursing myself for my carelessness. I feel like this is something Gale would have thought about and taken extra precaution to prevent, but then I remember our conversation that day of the reaping, about how he wants kids eventually, and I can't help but feel he did it on purpose. I don't say anything to him about it. He stays inside me for a long moment, letting us both come down, and his fingers lazily stroke my skin as his lips brush against the back of my neck and my shoulders while my breathing slows back to normal. "I'm sorry I hurt you," he whispers, and I immediately shake my head, brushing off his concern. "It's supposed to be like that," I answer lethargically. I suddenly have the strong urge to sleep, and I feel like we could do just that, tangled right here in the furs. I think he senses what I'm thinking, because he gently braces his hands on my shoulders and extricates himself from me, causing me to wince a little at the way the new movement aggravated the pain that had numbed into a dull ache. He lays beside me and wraps the fur blanket around us, stroking my back until I'm lulled into a light sleep. I awake a couple of hours later, pleasantly enveloped in his warmth, having shifted in my sleep so that my body is practically draped over him with my cheek resting on his collarbone. His arm is around me and his hand is still affectionately rubbing my back, even though he's partially asleep. I lay there with my face in his neck for a while, hypnotized by the slow, rhythmic throb of the pulse in his throat, and without thinking, I lean in and rest my lips there. He stirs and turns his head toward me, his arm tightening around me as his other hand comes to cradle the back of my head. "You okay?" he asks, his voice still heavy with lethargy. "A little sore," I mumble against his neck. His arms tighten around me sympathetically. "You will be for a little while." He's silent for a long time, and for a moment I think he's fallen back asleep. "I'm glad you chose me," he says finally, his voice hushed and tinged with affection. I don't say anything. I don't want to admit it to him, but there was no question about it, there was no more obvious of a choice. I want this moment to last forever. There's a sinking feeling in my stomach when my mind wanders to Peeta. It only just occurs to me, all those indiscretions on the tour, all the times he pleasured me, I never once reciprocated. And here's my first real romantic moment with Gale and I give him all of my body. I hate my selfishness. I swiftly get up, pulling my clothes on in silence as Gale watches me with mild concern. He doesn't say anything though, and moves to get dressed as well. His eyes fall to the blood staining the white fur blanket, and he gives a slight grimace that's lit by a smile. "I suppose it's unfortunate that my mother does all the district's laundry," he says, stooping down to roll them up after he's dressed. "Just throw them away," I say hastily, wanting to hide all evidence of this liaison. He looks up at me as though I'm mad. "These are from the Capitol," he says emphatically. "They must have cost a fortune." I shrug, not wanting to look at them. "I can afford it now." I hate myself as I say it. He takes them anyway, but never makes it back. I'm unsure what happens to them when the new Head Peacekeeper strings him up for public torture. I understand that simply running away will never work, because it's all gotten so much bigger than that. If I marry Peeta, I'm in some way complying with the Capitol's demands. If I join Gale in the rebellion, I'm selfishly hurting Peeta. I curse the situation again, the cruelty of having to choose. Why can't I just have them both? It becomes a daunting question in the weeks to follow. An impossible question when the Quarter Quell is announced and we realize we're going back in the arena. I take pleasure in the small victory of the appearance of my monthly bleeding, a mild reprieve that my emotional carelessness didn't result in a disaster, for once. Haymitch's counsel in my frenzied panic following the announcement is succinct enough. You could live a hundred lifetimes and not deserve him, you know . In truth, that could apply to Gale and Peeta alike. Why can't I have them both . I surprise myself with my own resolute sense of calm. Snow can't kill either of us, even in the arena now. It will mean making at least one of us a martyr. The nation has fallen hopelessly in love with us. And The Capitol is built on a weak foundation, thanks to the lack of foresight on the part of its pioneers. So dependent on the districts for all of its resources, it would collapse when the districts rebel - which has already begun. I'm calmly convinced that Peeta and I are going to make it out of this alive. I'm going to make sure of it. And to hell with custom. After all of this is done, I'll be entitled to my selfishness - and I damn well will have them both. A/N: I've written a companion piece/sequel to this one from Peeta's POV entitled Always . Enjoy.