I want to say disappears from my mind like confetti in a high wind. Cato snakes his way up my body, eyes on mine. He holds himself above me for an excruciating minute before slowly, slowly lowering himself down. His tip penetrates my opening, and a soft moan escapes my lips. A smile flickers at the corners of Cato's mouth. He pushes his way in, all the way in, and already, embarrassingly, I'm gasping. Still staring into my eyes, he slides with excruciating slowness in and out…in and out…in and out, and twice more until I physically can't take it for a single second more. My legs wrap around his waist and tighten, keeping him immobile and inside me. My arms, unfairly restrained, come up and surround his neck. I pull him to me, mashing our lips together with indelicate grace. I sweep the inside of his mouth with my tongue and suck his bottom lip with increasing fervor. Although I momentarily stalled him, Cato picks up his rhythm again, moving quicker this time. I moan his name, over and over, and Cato presses hot, open-mouthed kisses down my neck in response. He thrusts into me, faster, faster, faster. Gasping, I open my eyes (initially unaware that I have them closed) and find him gazing at me. Here, in this moment, his emotions are laid bare. I see passion and love and heartbreaking tenderness in his brilliant blue eyes, and it's all I can do to keep my ridiculous tears at bay. Love! I can't believe it. I nip his chin and he moans, deep in his throat. My eyelids lower and flutter shut, but my lips part in ecstasy. Cato traces the outline of my lips with his tongue, his breath coming in shallow pants. He's thrusting and thrusting and thrusting, and a second orgasm tears through me. I groan into Cato's mouth, and he responds by licking the inside of mine. It goes on and on – the sweet, sweet pain, the insurmountable pleasure, our bucking hips. I rip my mouth away and clutch him for all I'm worth. His hands, spread across my sweaty back, hold me to him like letting me go again isn't even a possibility, in this world or any other. " Fuck ," he says hoarsely, and the sound of his voice pushes me over the edge. Biting his shoulder, I ride out a third orgasm. This is the last straw for Cato; a massive shudder rolls through him and he finally comes, his whole body coiling with the release. He brings me up with him, and I'm sobbing his name as he growls mine through tightly gritted teeth. Yes, yes, yes! I think, filled with a pure, frenzied delight. Finally! We collapse together, our bodies intertwined. He pillows his head on my breasts, his hands stroking my sides. I'm still, frustratingly, tied wrist-to-wrist, but I dance my fingers lightly over his back, gentle, soothing, reminding him I'm right here. Off in the distance, a loud noise rips though the air. A siren. Which means a hovercraft has exited the gates of the Capitol and is on its way. I groan. "No more of that," Cato chides, finally untying my restraints. "You turn me on again, we won't have enough time before the hovercraft gets here." He has a point. Cato climbs to his feet in one gloriously smooth motion, and he grabs my hands and yanks me up too. He smiles, kisses my nose, and goes to gather up our disposed clothing. I watch him pull on the black pants, marveling at his extraordinary physique. He is so fucking handsome , I think, and am surprised at the intensity of my emotions. Maybe I sorta, kinda like him too. Oh, who am I trying to fool? Of course I do. Cato turns and throws over my Training Center uniform, which I catch easily and without giving away the fact that I'm still recovering from my sex-induced stupor. I manage to pull the shirt and pants on and smooth out most of the wrinkles before I feel a hand on my waist. "Here, let me get those." Suppressing my astonishment, I allow Cato to kneel before me and slip on my combat boots one at a time. I grip his shoulder tightly, thankful he's there to keep me balanced. The hovercraft approaches rapidly, and I sigh, wishing with all my heart that the day could continue forever. Unfortunately, all good things must come to an end, and today is no exception. Hmm. Sex has made me strangely poetic. Weird. "He's here for me," Cato says, one arm still wrapped around my waist. I only now realize that he's been gazing at me for some time. My cheeks heat. "We arrived separately, and that's how we'll be expected to return." "Of course," I agree, staring back at him. God, what I wouldn't do to feel him on top of me again. To feel him inside me. The hovercraft lands several dozen feet away, and Cato begins to unwrap his arm from around me. But I don't want him to go just yet, not after what we've shared, so I grip his shirt in one fist and raise my free hand to his lightly stubbled cheek. I give him a slow, tantalizing kiss. "I'll miss you," I say, then immediately feel stupid and embarrassed. But the heat in his gaze is enough to dispel any insecurities. Tilting his head, Cato lets his eyes slowly rake up and down my body, and before he leaves me as he found me – alone, in the meadow – he fixes a possessive kiss to my throat and promises in a silky purr, "Next time I'll go slow." As always, feedback is appreciated. I hope you liked it! Also, if anyone is interested I do have a very long Catoniss fanfic titled Allurement that's still in progress (which can be found on my page, of course). Thanks for reading!