ear and its great to hear a semi-friendly voice. "I'll make sure she is at the dock waiting with me. I'll make up some excuse" A smile eases my features as I think about meeting her since she left for her District before the quell. Katniss notices my smile and slowly makes her way over to me and sits in the seat next to mine and slowly examines the weapon on my lap. "What's got you so happy?" "Message from Haymitch" I tell her "What did it say?" "Just what's going to happen when I get to 13. Meetings, Hot food and a bed are worth smiling over" I lie to her She just nods and stares at her feet and the silence is back. I almost zone out when she speaks up again "What is she like?" "Who? My wife?" I ask She just nods and looks at me again "Funny, loyal and smart. So incredibly smart it puts most to shame. Sometimes when she sleeps she talks. Once she wondered what clouds tasted like" I break into a huge smile "And once she nearly burnt down my victors home with her cooking" "And the look she gives me" Her brow furrows "You know what I'm talking about. Your boy looks at you the same. It's how I knew what you two had wasn't a strategy at the end. She looks at me like I'm more important than life itself and you know exactly how it feels" She just nods and a faint smile graces her face " And she calls me out on all my shit. But what is the best is fiercely she cares for others, its what drew me to her" For the rest of the trip back I tell her stories about her without giving anything away. She laughs at the story of how she nearly killed me with scissors, and how she ate raw chicken thinking it was cooked. It feels good to talk about her with somebody who will just listen and not pry when it isn't needed. It's what sets District born from Capitolites, that sense of keeping what's yours private unless you're willing to share. As we approach District 13 we start to gather what we took with us and prep for landing. As I buckle myself in I take the chain off my neck and hold the two rings on it. I stare at them and count down the minuets until I can hold her again. Katniss looks at them, then to me with her unanswered question. "If she wore the ring it would of gave it away. Jewelry is common in District 1" I explain I feel the weight shift and with a thump we land of solid ground after a couple of excruciating minuets waiting to land. The ramp lowers and men in grey uniforms rush in and take out all the big pieces of equipment in front of the doors. After they are done we unbuckle and pick up our bags. I grab Katniss by the wrist and stop her before she departs. She looks up at me with wide eyes "I know what you're thinking. Here is my free piece of advice from a married man. Whatever it is you're meant to do now, don't. Go find your boy and hold him close and don't leave your room until it is absolutely necessary, after what you saw today you need some good and that boy you have is a whole lot of it" She smiles at me and nods. We begin to walk out of the hovercraft before she stops me and asks the same question again. "Who was she, your wife I mean" "Let's go meet her, shall we" Her brow furrows and confusion washes over her before she follows me out of the hovercraft. I see her before she sees me. Her short brown hair has grown since I last saw her. The grey uniform does nothing to hide who she is. Currently she has her back to me and is talking to Haymitch while he smiles down at her. His eyes meet mine and his smile grows as he continues to look over her head at me. She notices and turns to see what he is staring at. Her eyes meet mine. Brown and Green staring at each over. Her face breaks off into a giant smile before she starts running at me with everything she has. I drop my bags and catch her as she flings herself at me with more force than her small body should be able to produce sending both of us tumbling. I cradle her face and kiss her hard. We break apart and look at each over. "Where is my ring?" She deadpans I hand her the chain with her ring on it and smile at her. She takes the ring off the chain and puts the ring on her finger. She smiles at me and kisses me again before standing up, using me to push herself off the ground. She turns to look at me and catches Katniss's eyes. "Hey Brainless. Meet my husband. Now excuse us while find a empty room and ruin it, I haven't seen him in a long time and a woman has needs." she laughs at Katniss's expression and drags me behind her into the hallways of District 13. A.N: So what did you think? I know I changed some big things in this fic (Johanna and Peeta escaping the area with the others being one of them) but I felt like it made it a little happier. This is my first use of an OC as well, I just wanted Johanna to have somebody for herself, she gets sidelined by the couples in the books and I felt like she should have someone too. Gale is a hard character to write, so I apologize if you hated the way I wrote him. If you enjoyed this than I thank you.