was food. But now he can't bear to even think of eating it. 018. He's prowling around the shiny house, eating the last scraps of food in the pantry, when he hears a door, the front door, creak open. It's Katniss. At first he can't believe his eyes. Then he's overjoyed, because she smells natural. The only people he's seen in the last few months are fake people, people that smell overly sweet and artificial, like those roses. In fact, the shiny house still reeks of those horrible roses. He watches Katniss from afar for a while. Then he hisses. Because now he's angry. Where is Prim? Why is Katniss here and not Prim? Why hasn't she come back for him? Katniss spins around and looks at him with a mixture of disbelief and confusion on her face. Then she crouches down and holds out her hand, as if asking him to approach her. "Come here, boy." He blinks. Why would he approach her? She is not offering food. And he's still angry that he's been left here with no information about Prim, with nothing to eat but mice and old scraps. "Want to see Prim?" she asks. Prim! Katniss knows where she is? Maybe Prim sent Katniss here to pick him up! Of course! Prim would never abandon him. He tries to meow and purr, but he hasn't done so in a long time and it sounds rusty. He pads over to Katniss, eager but wary. The next thing he knows, he's being stuffed into a bag. It's definitely not comfortable in there, but if this will take him back to Prim, he's willing to stay in there. At least for a while. Anyway, he's not worried about Katniss harming him. Katniss would never harm him if this was what Prim wanted. He growls as he feels himself being thrown onto something. Katniss seems to have forgotten that she's hauling live cargo in that bag of hers. She really should be more careful. Then again, since when has Katniss cared for his well-being? He reminds himself that he's tolerating this for Prim. But he still growls. 019. The flap of the bag opens, and he's wary as he comes out. He's never trusted Katniss, and he trusts her even less after being bounced and thrown around in her uncomfortable bag. But immediately he hears a high-pitched squeal that is unmistakably Prim's, and he pads out of the bag eagerly. Prim looks older, more worn down, less soft and innocent and dependent, and he wonders if this cat-eat-cat world has had its toll on her. This upsets him, because it occurs to him that Prim, after surviving the bombings, may no longer be her same loving self. But when Prim gently takes him into her lap, weeping and rocking him back and forth, he realizes that Prim hasn't changed where it really matters. Yes, this world has had its toll on her. But she's still got truckloads and truckloads of love to deliver. 020. Bombs are raining from the sky, again. Not exactly from the sky. There is not a sky where he lives, in this new odd place, which is so secluded. It's underground, and the only way to go aboveground is through a small window. It took a while to get used to, but Prim is there, and there is always food. And as long as he can eat, and as long as he has Prim, everything is okay. But not right now. Right now, bombs are raining once again. Except this time, animal instinct is not helping him. He cannot find a way out. Everything is collapsing, everything is getting destroyed. Bits and pieces of the ceiling and walls are falling in. He has survived a bombing once. He has an awful, awful feeling that he will not survive it twice. Death by bombing is suddenly very real to him. He meows and cries and yelps. He is completely helpless, and he hates the feeling of it. It's almost like he is drowning again. Except this time, there is no Prim to rescue him. But there she is! She rushes towards him, grabbing him as the ceiling caves in. And she runs, as fast as she can, into the deeper parts of this underground town. The deeper they go, he realizes, the safer they are. But as another bomb penetrates the surface, he's frightened. Prim might not make it in time. And then they'll both die. Not just him, but Prim also. Then there's another boy, and he grabs Prim's hand, and all three of them rush down. And finally, they make it to a place that is deep and safe. They have survived. Katniss yells at them, but Prim and the other boy do not seem to mind. And for the rest of the evening, as they hear bombs exploding above them, Prim strokes and cuddles him, giving the attention his shaken self needs. She whispers in his ear, "I couldn't forget about you again. The last time there was a bombing, I forgot about you. I almost let you die. Not this time. I couldn't risk you again. I could never let you die, Buttercup. You're family." It isn't until much later into the night, when Buttercup's head is much clearer, that he realizes the full extent of what Prim has done. Prim has saved his life, again. But this time, she's risked her life for him. She was willing to die for him, today. It seems he will never be able to repay his debt. All he can do for now is watch over her bed and make sure that no one ever harms his Prim. Never. Ever. Prequel to my other fic "Buttercup." I was really surprised (but grateful!) at the response I received for it. I had thought no one would want to read about an ugly cat! Since I can't really write a sequel, I wrote a prequel instead. R&R, please?