where I'm going, and it can't be practical to lead me while you've got your fingers over my eyes the entire time." "When did you become so practical? What happened to easygoing dreamy little Annie?" he teases. It slips out of his mouth before he realizes what he's just said. Annie simply says: "I grew up." A moment later they've laughed it off. Finnick produces a blindfold and wraps it around her head, fingers brushing her skin and honey-scented hair. He takes her hand and walks her to the ocean. They make small talk as they walk over. He asks her about school, how is she adjusting after a, um, break? Annie assures him that she's doing fine. She's always been a stellar student, after all. He offers to tutor her if she ever needs it. They've almost reached their destination when Annie suddenly laughs. "Oh, I know where we are. Gulls, salt, sand. Nice attempt at trying to surprise me though. We're at the beach, aren't—" She suddenly breaks off as Finnick unties the blindfold. "White Whale Beach, Annie," he says softly. The girl stares at the faded sign, at the white block letters and the cheesy cartoon whale. She doesn't look at him but instead stares out at the ocean, at people surfing and laughing, girls sunbathing and sleeping, kids making sandcastles. Her eyes then turn to the parking lot, cars of different colors glimmering in the sun, the empty spaces of hot black pavement noted by clear white lines. "Oh." Finnick chews his lip nervously, wonders if maybe it's too early. He can't see her face, can't read her expressions, and it kills him not to know what she's thinking. "Annie, if you don't want to…" She finally turns to him, and he sees that there's a strange steely quality to her eyes. "No, Finnick. I want to." Her face breaks into a huge grin. "Besides, I packed you a surprise too." She takes out of her little red purse a Tupperware full of her famous pasta. When he still looks worried, she reassures him with, "It's just a beach, Finnick. I can do this." He takes her hand. Mags was right. Annie really is the strongest girl he knows. .::. They stay at the beach all day, surfing and swimming and laughing. Annie had brought more things in her purse—like small towels and sandwiches and sunscreen. "It's almost like you knew I was going to take you to the beach," he comments. "Correction, I did know you were going to take me to the beach. Really, Finnick, you asked me to bring my swimsuit. Like, subtle much?" "I could have been taking you to the waterpark or pool," he points out. She laughs. "That's true." They stay until the sun begins to set and all the food in Annie's purse is gone. He decides that there's been enough water play for a day and leaves Annie for a moment to return the surfboard. He finds Annie waiting for him on a beach towel on the sand, her brown hair sandy and tangled, all wrapped up in a flowy flower-patterned maxi dress. They sit peacefully for a while, watching the sunset, when he turns his face to sneak a glance at Annie and realizes that she's looking at him too. Annie stares at him, her cryptic gaze slightly unsettling, and cocks her head. "I keep thinking about that balloon… and that chair. You-you really meant it when you said you thought it was still flying?" He nods. "But why? You always… you never… why?" He's not sure what Annie wants him to say. She'd seemed so much like her old self again for the entire day, almost as if the accident had never happened. But of course it had, and it was a part of Annie now. And he accepts that, he loves her either way, it's just… "Well," he says hesitantly. "You taught me how to dream, Annie." "You kept me grounded, Finnick." "I guess we… balance each other out." Somehow they've gotten closer amidst all of this. His heart is drumming so fast that he wonders if it'll pound out of his chest. She's so close that he can see the flecks of hazel and gold in her eyes, the pale brown freckles on her nose, hear her breath catch and feel the short puffs of her breath against his lips… She pulls back. "But Finnick, you don't need me to dream anymore." And the moment ends. He turns away from her face, watching the waves crash. "And you don't need me to keep you grounded anymore. So, I guess, it's still a balance in a weird flip-flop way..." There's a sinking feeling in his stomach, and he bites his tongue so that he doesn't say anything else. The sunset seems sour, she is changed and different, and they are changed and different. "I bet that chair is flying." He turns when he hears her voice in his ear, turns to face her again. "But… I think that chair is flying." "Maybe we don't need to balance each other out, not in that way," she says, speaking quickly and quietly. He leans in so that he can catch her next words. And that's when he decides to take that leap of faith to kiss her and finds that she's met him halfway. "Maybe we can dream together," he murmurs when they've broken apart. She leans in again and smiles against his lips. That ending was cheesy as heck. I was trying to end this happily to break my angst streak but it just came out super corny. Sorry! To Ella and Lovisa, I hope you liked the fic. I'm very, very sorry that I couldn't write you two individual fics, but I didn't have time within the deadline, and this oneshot came out way longer than I intended. Also, roughly edited because I was rushing to get it finish. Concrit will be happily taken. c: