the serious stuff." He could see Gale wasn't convinced. He glanced back toward the campfire. "Hey Rose!" he called, jerking his head before turning back to Gale. "Look, we're not perfect. But we try. Why don't you hang around? " Carlos introduced Rose, the woman who'd been loading the cars back at the meeting spot. The firelight highlighted her striking features and reflected in her eyes. "Rose, this is Vick's brother Gale. Gale, Rose. The program is her brainchild, really." "General," she nodded. "Just Gale," he answered with a frown. He thought he recognized her, but since he couldn't place from where he worried that he might be thinking of some other district 11 woman. "Do we know each other?" he asked. Rose smiled. "I'm surprised you remember. We met in 2, right after the war. I was in Templemore's group." Templemore's group. They'd been one of the better squads he worked with. She'd seen a lot of action. He still wasn't convinced her little wilderness program was any good, but he had to at least give her some benefit of the doubt. Both Rose and Carlos seemed eager to have him stay, and he really did want to spend more time with Vick, so he agreed to hang around, see how they ran things. Gale wasn't fond of fire. More bad memories. But he had learned to deal with it. There were plenty of things from his past he didn't want to face. But fire was a necessity in the woods, so his survival instinct had forced him to adjust. He followed Rose over to the group. She grabbed two cokes, handing one to Gale. "Sorry, no beer. We don't allow it." Gale shrugged. Sitting by the fire, Rose chatted easily about life in the Capitol and the wilderness group. When Gale asked how they'd set up camp in the dark, she laughed. "We didn't. Runa and Spinner set it up before Carlos and I brought the students out." She gestured to where the two were sitting across the circle. "Friends from the Capitol?" Gale asked. He'd noticed them before - no way NOT to notice the girl. His earlier glance had told him she was Capitol through and through, starting with her wavy hair dyed to look like flames, particularly effective in the firelight. He wondered if the effect lost its power in daylight. The guy - compact, muscular, brown hair and eyes - could probably blend in anywhere. He'd be great for special ops, Gale thought, looking more closely at the pair. Their clothing was styled for the Capitol, but that wasn't a surprise. Some tattooed design snaked up from under Runa's long sleeved shirt, weaving its way up her neck to the side of her face and along her hairline. It was her face that he found himself staring at. She looked familiar somehow, but he couldn't place her. Maybe she'd been with Rose in 2. Rose didn't seem to notice his staring. Maybe she was just used to it; that kind of appearance invited plenty of attention. She explained, "Spin's from four. We met Runa here. I know what you're thinking, but trust me. For being from the Capitol, she's got serious skills." Rose filled him in on how startled they were when the younger kids at the College seemed so carefree and clueless about the war. They'd learned about it in school, and even remembered it, but as the years passed, the younger the students got and the more sheltered they'd been. They didn't have the survivalist mindset. Rose explained how wrong it had seemed that such a change would happen so quickly. Gale was only half listening, his attention on the puzzling woman sitting across the fire. It wasn't until later, when she absently tucked a lock of hair behind her ear and smoothed her hands across her pants that it came to him. Madge Undersee. She was a dead ringer for her, minus a decade and all the Capitol decoration. If he didn't know better, he would swear he was sitting not four meters from Madge Undersee. Except that Madge Undersee had been dead for ten years. Vick helped himself to the food available at the camp. As Ma said, he was a growing boy. He was busy getting pointers from Andrea on how to roast a s'more when he saw Gale join the bonfire with Rose. He hoped it meant Gale was staying. Gale seemed friendly enough with Rose - Vick hoped she could convince him they knew what they were doing. Maybe then Gale would stop criticizing the wilderness group so much. Vick didn't understand why Gale couldn't just relax and have a little fun. It was cute how Andrea kept explaining how to slowly roast the marshmallows over the coals of the fire, but Vick liked burning them better. The taste of charred sugar wasn't so bad. He even forced one of his burnt up s'mores into Gale's hand, since Andrea and her friend didn't want to help eat them, though they were happy to watch his marshmallow roasting. The other girl - what was her name again? - shrieked every time one caught on fire. Vick was still half-expecting Gale to take off back into the Capitol, but Gale surprised him by agreeing to stay the night. Carlos offered Gale a space in one of the guy's tents, but was turned down. Instead Gale borrowed a bivy sack to sleep under the stars. Following his brother as he scoped possible places to lay his bag out, Vick was glad to hear about Rose's invitation and Gale's decision to stay for the weekend. Gale didn't explain all his reasons for staying to Vick. He didn't tell him about having met Rose before, or about his confused suspicion over Runa's past. Before heading back to his tent, Vick joked, "don't go sneaking over to the girls' tents. You might get me in trouble." "Wouldn't dream of it," Gale answered innocently.