us do another round of drills I wasn't expecting. I tried to be fast in the locker room, but, God, it was crowded—have you been waiting long?" He could barely focus on her words, he was so busy with taking her in. The rain had fused the polyester of her jersey to her body, and the edges of her sports bra were showing clearly through the fabric. Her arms were puckered with goosebumps and the short wisps of hair outside her braid clung to her face. Her colors had shifted: her hair and eyes looked darker and her skin and lips had paled. He grounded himself by looking at the dark stain her wet hair had left on her headrest, and suddenly realized he had left her sitting there, shivering, while he just stared at her. His hand jerked to start the car while the words stumbled out of his mouth in an embarrassed rush. "Jesus, don't worry about me, look at you! You must freezing, God, here," he reached into the backseat and shoved a thick, dark green blanket at her, which she quickly wrapped around herself. He left his hand on her shoulder, then, without really thinking, shifted his hand from the fleece of the blanket to her skin. He tucked his hand behind her neck and her eyes opened, her pouty mouth transforming into a soft smile. "Thank you, Peeta," She sat up, drawing herself away from him, and he pulled his hand away, like he had just touched fire. Which he kind of had. Only Katniss was a thousand times more dangerous than fire. "Can you turn up the heat a little more?" she asked. "Sure," he leaned forward and turned the dial, "Do you want something hot to drink? Coffee or something?" "No, it's okay. I don't have any cash with me anyways," "You ran around in the mud for an hour and a half, I think I can justify buying you two dollars' worth of coffee," "Okay, then coffee sounds kind of awesome," He nodded and put the car in reverse, guiding it out of the parking spot, and then put it in drive and stared straight ahead, not daring to look over. If he looked over, he would probably get caught up in something stupid, like a piece of hair stuck to her ear, and crash the damn car. He finally stopped at a gas station a few minutes away from the school and ran inside, picking up two large cups of cheap coffee for both of them. When he returned, Katniss had taken off the blanket and was dressed in new clothes: a pale gray hoodie, a pair of black yoga pants, some boots. "Costume change?" he asked, handing her the cup. She took it and rolled her eyes, "More like I actually remembered to throw in some extra sweats Monday night. Thank God this place is deserted, otherwise I probably would've flashed somebody," He laughed, although it sounded forced, which of course it was. Katniss had been naked, in his car. Katniss. Naked. Or practically naked. God. She sipped her coffee and closed her eyes, "Oh, man, this is perfect ," her eyes fluttered open lazily, and she looked over at him, "You're a really good friend, you know that?" "You, uh, tell me that a lot," "Well, you deserve to know. And you are. You really, really, are. So thank you," He smiled, which felt forced, just like his laugh. Friend. Right, of course. Reality was knocking at his door again. Despite his better instincts, despite the glaring "friend" label he clearly would never shake off, he reached over and rolled her free hand in his, rubbing warmth back into her pink fingers. He half-expected her to yank her hand away and give him a weird look, which, in all honesty, would probably tear him up inside, but she actually smiled. "Oh, that feels nice," "Yeah?" "Yeah. Keep going, I think they needed a defrost," He kept going. He rubbed each finger individually, tip first, then the first joint, then the rest. He focused on the feel of her slender fingers, the softness of her skin and the hardness of her bones. This should have been enough. Touching her like this…he had never held her hand before, not in these entire two and half years. It was incredible. He wanted it to be enough. But he kept wishing that she would look down at her fingers, at his hand, that her eyes would go up his arm and to his eyes, and for once she could see the way he looked at her, and she could understand everything, just from that one look. Because maybe if she did, she would lean across the armrest and kiss him, and he could finally figure out exactly how vanilla chapstick tasted on her lips, and if she kissed with her mouth open or not. And after he'd learned that, she would let him climb into the backseat with her, and he would peel off her sweats and press kisses to her clammy skin, all the way down her beautiful, lithe body, until they were one twisted, heated entity. Then, he could believe that love was real, not some unreachable, wild dream composed by screenwriters and poets, but real , and it was built on math tests and candy bars and movie theaters and it could come to fruition on a rainy Tuesday afternoon in a gas station parking lot. He knocked his head lightly against his headrest. Obviously he'd been making up too many movies lately and had forgotten he wasn't living in one of them. He noticed he had momentarily stopped rubbing her fingers. He went back to doing that and tried not to think about what would happen when she was finally warmed up and he had to stop. Katniss drank her coffee and looked out the window at the raindrops colliding with the black pavement. She didn't look at him.