it's our wedding night and she's my bride, still in her stockings and garters, flowing skirts hiked up as I take her, but the image becomes too painful so I abandon it and distract myself with her breast in my mouth again. Her hands are clutching my waist, smoothing up my back as I push into her, and I feel the beginnings of those undulating muscle spasms tighten around me, causing me to stop abruptly. "Not yet, Katniss," I whisper, giving the side of her breast another playful nip on the sore welt I left there. How ironic if she was a little premature. She responds with a whimpering moan that's tinged with pain, and it's clear she won't be able to hold it off for long. I keep her clutched firmly against my chest, my arms enveloping her as I work a gentle rhythm into her, pressing myself as deep inside her as I can go so that she clenches her teeth against the discomfort. "Come inside me, Peeta," she gasps, and as if on cue, I'm immediately sent over the edge by her breathless request. I can feel her insides tightening around me, milking me for all I'm worth, and I realize she did this on purpose, knowing she couldn't last much longer. She tightens around me so violently that it's almost uncomfortable, her muscles constricting me to the point where I nearly go numb, and my vision is clouded by the dizziness that comes with release. Hundreds of times, I've experienced this feeling, but not with this intensity. I feel like I might pass out. I kiss her deeply as I empty the last of myself inside her, her insides spasming sporadically around me. We lay tangled in each other's embrace for a moment, with me still rooted firmly inside her. Her breathing is shallow and slow, and I know she's on the verge of dropping off to sleep. She always passes out almost immediately after she climaxes. No stamina or discipline, that one. I kiss her face and smooth her hair back from her forehead, which is a little damp with exertion, then withdraw from her and roll onto my back, pulling her against my side and guiding her head to my shoulder. "Peeta, promise me something," she mumbles against my collarbone. "Anything." "Let's do that every night until they throw us in the arena." I laugh, not having expected this. "With pleasure." Of course, there's no telling how the reaping will go and whose name will be drawn, but I've already committed to the fact that it's going to be me. There's no way I'm letting Haymitch go in there with her. I'm actually surprisingly content for a moment until I feel the wetness of her tears on my shoulder, and I know she's thinking about the future, about what very well could happen. I can't handle this. I begin to stroke her hair, a gesture that's become something of an involuntary reflex for me, hoping it will calm her, but she only sobs against me, causing a lump to rise in my throat. Please don't do this now. I can't . Her arms tighten around me and she clutches at me with feeble fingers, and I do my best to comfort her, my palm rubbing circles into her back as my lips find her hair and face. "I can't lose you," she gasps, her voice breathless and almost incoherent as it's overwhelmed by a sob. I hate the pain in her voice, hate the way it cracks. "You won't," I say automatically, wincing as I know this is probably a promise I won't be able to keep. I clench my teeth as that lump in my throat threatens to choke me. "I can't lose the boy with the bread." She's barely audible, so choked by the urge to cry that her voice is nothing more than a breathless wheeze, but I hear her anyway. Tears sting my eyes. Is this how she's referred to me in her head all these years? That she had some endearing label for me, that she did think of me after all. The boy with the bread . I think I'm going to lose it. "Please," I choke out, my own voice wavering with sadness. "Don't do this now, Katniss." I tighten my arms around her, too afraid to let go. "On the train that brought us home from the Capitol after the Games, when you'd thought it was all an act...already I felt you slipping away from me. You felt so far away in that moment and it crushed me and...what if it wasn't all an act, Peeta? What if some of it was real?" She's borderline hysterical now, her speech stifled with grief. "I know," I reassure her, stroking her back and burying my nose in her hair, memorizing her scent. I'm afraid to say more because if I do, my voice will break and then I'll cry. And I can't do that right now. I need to keep it together for her. "And I missed it. I took you for granted and never allowed myself to enjoy your kindness, your love. You have to live, Peeta. It has to be you." Tears spill down my cheeks and I know I'm too far gone now. There's no holding it back. "Never. Then I'll have to live out the rest of my days alone and without you, and I don't have the strength to do that." My voice breaks and she hears it, which triggers her into uncontrollable sobbing. We lay there, sobbing together, clasped tightly in one another's arms as if letting go would mean slipping away from each other forever, and it's a bittersweet moment when I realize now why she asked me that day what it felt like to love someone the way I love her. It was because she was confirming what she already felt for me. "Just hold me, Peeta." " Always ."