him completely. Gale left her alone on the bed, dazed and confused. "Where are you going?" she called after him and stood to look out in the hallway. He came back in carrying a large first aid kit from the linen closet. He held it up and set it in front of her. "I have to wash my hands." He left and she could hear the water running from down the hall. "Remember when you got this out?" He smiled as he returned. She rolled her eyes. Madge remembered when she had dragged it out to clean off a cut he had gotten on the fence. Gale was teasing her as 'Nurse Madge' the whole time. She froze slightly and hid her finger from view. "Yeah I remember. Why are you getting that out…?" she whispered and looked up at him. "Don't you need stitches?" He smirked and brought the case over to the bed. He popped it open and rummaged through the materials inside. "I told you it can wait until morning." She huffed at her bangs. "Better to get it over with." He said and pulled out a container lid. He set down a small sewing needle in a white package, a bit of cotton, disinfectant, a bandage, surgical string, and further cleaning tools. She moved away from him. "Stop being a baby." He smiled and pushed against her shoulder lightly. Madge squared her shoulders. She'd have to give birth to his baby anyway, little did he know. She held out her gauze covered hand and looked away. He probed at the cut and she narrowed her eyes. He noticed as she bit her lip and squeezed her eyes shut. She knew because he was chuckling. "Don't laugh at me." She said teary-eyed. "It's not fair." "Sorry." He breathed. When Gale consternated it was as if he was detached from his body. His breathing slowed and his eyes glazed over. He was completely calm. Madge wasn't calm. She couldn't help but try to tear her hand from his strong grasp. She couldn't help but curse and growl at him from inches away. She couldn't help the fact that sometimes he would smile at her discomfort. She couldn't stop the needle from piercing and dragging along the skin. Finally he let go of her hand. It went limp in her lap. A bandage was covering the stitches and Gale got up to wash his hands again. She studied her hand then got up to retrieve her pajamas. They were resting on top her dresser. The pink plaid pants were dangling over the side and the short pink tank top was balled next to it. She drew her shirt over her head and let it fall to the floor. She unlatched her pink fabric bra and pulled it off her shoulders. The water turned off down the hall. She grabbed at the loose fitting tank top and hauled it over her curls. Her stomach mocked her at it poked out from under the end of tank top. She tugged at her jeans button and grabbed the zipper as it moved down. She shrugged off the pants just as Gale was returning. She was in an awkward position as she was leaning forward, her butt sticking up in the air. She was taking her foot out of the grasp of the leg hole of the jeans and her eyes were wide and amused. "Sorry." She laughed and hopped around half of the room. The article of clothing came to rest with her bra and shirt. She quickly tied her flannel pants around her middle and turned to look at Gale. He was leaning back against her headboard. An everlasting smirk and raised eyebrow plastered on his face. He lifted up the sheets and she shook her head, giggling. She sunk into his arms and he sighed. "I'm so sorry, Undersee." He said and rested his chin on her head. "I make bad decisions." She couldn't help but snort. "What?" he laughed and she shrugged. Gale wrapped her up in sheets and pulled at the springy curls. He talked to her until her eyes had drooped shut. She could hear him about her room, changing into pajamas he had left here a while back. Soon his warmth was enveloping her once more. That was all it took for her to be pushed off the edge and into sleep. When she woke, Madge wasn't comfortable. Something was poking her in the back. She rolled over and opened her eyes slightly. She pulled a stuffed toy rabbit out from under her back. It was soft to the touch. It's beady eyes had been pushing into her back. "Sorry, Mommy." Someone to the left of her said softly. Madge let out a scream and sprang from the bed. She was no longer in her room. She was in a seam bedroom and there was a little girl bouncing on her bed. Her hair was long and blonde and her eyes were a startling gray blue like an ocean after a storm. Madge pushed herself against the wall. She could feel another scream working up in her chest. The little girl looked extremely confused. "Daddy- I upset Mommy." The blonde said to the open doorway next to Madge. "You did?" Madge froze. Gale walked into the room with a bemused smile. He was dressed to go to the mines. A lunch pail in hand and helmet under his arm. Madge woke up in cold sweat. Gale's eyebrows were at the top of his forehead. He had his large hand on her shoulder."You okay…?" He asked. She moved away from him and wiped her forehead. "I'm sorry. I don't know what came over me. It was a… bad dream." Madge blinked down at her hands. "It was only a dream," but also near reality. Review! PLEASE :) I want lots of reviews! Don't be afraid to message me on here or Tumblr. Seriously- I don't bite! Erin