right now baby, Tell me right now baby, baby. Just say I do. Tell me right now baby, Tell me right now baby, baby. He twirls me again and somehow, my face ends up just inches from his as he looks down at me standing in front of him. His blue eyes dart into mine with an intent look and suddenly a pack of butterflies starts flattering around my stomach frantically. I have never felt like this before, my knees feel week and my heart is running like crazy. This all happens in just one second before he sings the chorus for one last time. He sang it joyfully and loudly before, but now it's different. His voice is more quiet, he's looking me in the eyes intently and he looks almost serious. Like if he really means it. It's a beautiful night We're looking for something dumb to do Hey baby I think I wanna marry you Is it the look in your eyes? Or is it this dancing juice? Who cares baby I think I wanna marry you As the last bells ring in the song, we're just standing there looking into each others eyes. And I feel something so intense in me, that it scares me. The butterflies in my stomach are still flying around and my heart is still pounding loudly. His eyes are locked on mine and I hold my breath in. I just can't breathe properly right now. Then I suddenly realize what has happened. I was dancing with him! He was holding my hand! He was standing so close to me and no flashbacks came to me. No bad memories. But as it hits my head I start to be anxious and I'm happy for Rosie who starts clapping and cheering happily, which interrupts this moment. I turn around and take a deep breath to calm down. God, he made me feel weird. For a moment he's quiet too and then she speaks up. "So..." he hesitates "you think I could join the music class?" he asks me. "I think we will be honored Mr. Mellark." says Mrs. Trinket who's standing in the doorway. I wonder how long was she looking at us. "You would be a great singer for our usual Christmas play. You and Katniss you will be a great main characters." she beams and goes away. Ohh, great, he'll be playing in the Christmas play. More time together with this jerk. "Show-off." I say annoyed when I sit down to the piano. He chuckles quietly. "Ohh you liked it." he says confidently and sits by the window so he could see my face. "I did not." I say stubbornly and look down at the keyboard to hide the blush which I feel coming. "You would not blush if you would not like it." he teases and I have an urge to throw something in his direction. "Shut up." I mutter and start playing something. For a while he just sits there and then he speaks up again. "Tell me Everdeen, why have we never been friends all this time? We're in the same grade since kindergarten." he says. I shrug. "I guess the main reason is that you're a jerk." I say with a smirk on my face. "Yes and you're damn stubborn, we can't be perfect, anything else?" he shots back which surprises me. "I don't like your friends." I say honestly. "I generally don't like people who call me a slut without any reason. And I don't like people who call her bastard." I say coldly. He's quiet for a while. "Sorry for that." he says quietly and I'm surprised because it seems that he honestly means it. We make some small talk and until the bell rings announcing the end of the class. I pack my stuff and pick up Rosie, who hands Peeta a paper with her drawing. "It's for you." she smiles shyly and he takes it. "Thanks, Rosie it's beautiful." and then he smiles so sweetly it warms my heart and I smile back. Sweetly?! Peeta Mellark?! What the hell happened to you Katniss?! Why are you smiling back?! "Well I guess I'll see you in September" I say and turn around. "Yeah, see you." he says and I can't help but feel some kind of sadness in his voice. Strange. "So how was music?" Johanna catches up with me in the hall. "Most weird class ever." I say truthfully. "We have a new friend." Rosie says proudly. "Peeta." she adds and I see Johanna's jaw drop. "Peeta?" she looks at me "Peeta Mellark?" "Yeah." I sigh. "What was he doing there?" "He said he wanted to see how it goes in music, he'll attend it next year." I say. "And?" Johanna asks. "What happened?" she asks when I remain silent. "He was funny." Rosie laughs "He sang and danced and made mama dance too." "You danced with him?" Johanna looks at me astonished. "I thought you hate him?!" "I do Johanna!" I shot back. "He was just showing off and... Well, he took my hand, pulled me up and he refused to let me go so I gave up." I say. Her jaw remains dropped. "You let him hold your hand?! Total stranger?!" she says in disbelief. "I don't know what happened." I admit. "I just wasn't thinking about it and when I realized it in the end I started to be anxious and I went away from him." "Hmm..." Johanna hums. "Weird." she adds. "Well I guess I'll see you tomorrow right?" she says. "Right. See you tomorrow." I say, get in my car, pick up Prim and we drive home. And that's it. That's my last day of school and the day when summer brake begins. And I have no idea, that this summer is gonna change my life. Entirely. So? What do you think? I would really appreciate all yuor opinions and critics :) Thanks for favorites, follows and reviews!