has barely ended, but even so, there are little clumps of red scattered around. Madge feels her mouth curl up into a smile - a real one. Together, they gather up the little berries, and then they begin to head home. "I'm sorry," Gale says. They've been mostly silent all day, apart from their confessions, of course, and to say Madge is confused is an understatement. "About what?" "About kissing you earlier," he answers. "That was wrong." She shrugs. "It's fine." "No, seriously. It was messed up," he says. He kicks another rock. She drops the act. There's no need to hide her true feelings - not around Gale, anyway. "Yeah, it was. Don't go around doing stuff like that again." They've reached the fence now so Madge digs out the radio. It takes a while, longer than before, to get the fence to flicker off, but it thankfully works. Madge likes the woods, but not enough to hide in there forever. Gale swings the sack of game over his shoulder and heads off his own separate way, leaving her with the strawberries and the radio and her thoughts. \ The moon is unusually bright tonight, and Madge moves to close the curtains, as she knows that light will likely bother her mother. She pauses for just a second before pulling the curtains together, staring at the bright glowing orb and the few twinkling stars. She remembers a something Trina told her once - that everyone always saw the same moon - and wonders if Katniss is looking at the moon right now too. If Gale is. If her father, down at the office, is. Her mother coughs behind her, cocooned in the blankets of her bed, and Madge snaps out of her thoughts. She tears her eyes away from the moon and shuts the curtains. Her mother coughs again. Madge turns around. "Are you okay, Mother? Do you need warm water or something?" The woman in the bed doesn't respond, only pulls the covers around her tighter and shivers. "I'm going to get some warm milk for you, okay?" Madge says. That's when the room bursts into flames. \ At first, Madge tries to get out of the house. She isn't sure what's going on, but she knows she needs to get out. She pulls on her mom, trying to get her out of the bed. Coaxing, explaining at first, and then yelling and screaming. She manages to hoist the limp, heavy body of her mother onto her shoulders. Coughing and crying as the smoke fills up her lungs and eyes, she heads for the door. Everything is burning, and everything hurts. Madge sets her mother back down on the bed and lies down beside her. So this is how it ends , she thinks. She's so tired, so dejected. She closes her eyes. \ When Madge opens her eyes, she finds herself in an endless strawberry field. The sky is a dreamy shade of blue, punctuated with fluffy delicate clouds. The fields sway with the wind and brush against her calves. Madge herself is barefoot and wearing a white sundress. Where am I? Am I dead? she wonders. She looks around and blinks. Standing in front of her, several yards away, is Katniss Everdeen. Katniss is dressed simply, not in the flashy garb of the Capital, nor in a white dress like Madge. She wears an olive hunting jacket, black pants, and boots: the same outfit that Madge would see her wearing so many times, before the Games. But her hair is loose - swaying in the breeze, swaying with the rhythm of the strawberry fields. "Madge?" she asks, her eyes wide and familiar, her voice familiar. For a moment, Madge stands frozen, utterly stunned. And then she breaks into a run towards Katniss. And when she reaches out, she half believes that Katniss will dissipate at her touch. But she doesn't. Katniss is solid and real in her arms, and as Madge holds her, Katniss reaches out and pulls her close. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry," Katniss murmurs. "I'm sorry." "It's okay," Madge says. "It's okay." Madge breathes in the smell of the dirt and the dusty scent of Katniss' hair, feels the softness and warmth of the embrace and the rapid beating of her own heart. She doesn't know how long they stay like that. Maybe it's a minute, maybe it's hours. But it isn't long enough. Above, the sky rumbles. Madge pulls away and looks up. The sky is gray now, the once gentle breeze a cold wind. Tears prickle in her eyes, but the smile she musters is real. "I'm sorry," Katniss says, and Madge understands that it's for the last time. The tears slip openly down her face, but the smile she maintains is real. She reaches out and cups Katniss' cheek, surprised when she feels something wet: Katniss' tear. She wipes it away. Her hand is trembling, or maybe Katniss is trembling, or maybe the ground is trembling. The world is falling apart. She doesn't have much time left. She opens her mouth; there's so much she wants to say. It's okay. I love you. You don't have to be sorry. I love you. I don't regret a thing. I don't regret loving you. She swallows, and she struggles to focus on Katniss' face, despite her tears and the growing darkness. She suddenly knows what she needs to say most of all. "Katniss," she whispers, the name like a prayer, just before everything fades away. "Goodbye." / As District Twelve burns, Madge swears she hears Katniss whisper back to her. Goodbye . Wasn't planning on adding more fics onto this account, but I started writing this in JULY 2014 (2.5 years ago, y'all). It's so characteristic of my old writing (from the angst to the descriptions to the fandom) that I felt I had to add this here. So here's a gift from 17 year old me to my 14 year old self.