believed we could get right back into that groove so quickly. The hand holding was a big enough jump all on its own. I busy myself by going through my mothers drawers, her closet, which are all almost bare. She must've returned her after the war, before my arrival to grab some things. Besides a few shirts and night gowns, the place has been stripped. I make a mental note to myself that we will need to return to District 4 as soon as possible to retrieve some of Annie's things for her. That'll mean Haymitch will need to babysit for a couple of days, since even that short trip will most likely be too much for her. I return to my room. Though I don't have much, I still busy myself with moving all my clothes into one drawer, with making space in my closet. I'm sitting on my bed, eyes fixed on the closet, thinking about how I never used to have more than two outfits until I came here. Then with all the money I had, I'd managed to get us a few more. Peeta walks in then, a bag slung over his shoulder. For a while I don't notice him, then he throws the bag at me, and I'm quickly snapped from my daydream as I catch it. The look I shoot him is not friendly. "Welcome back." He says with a laugh, but for a brief second, I can see it. That Peeta that is not my own. It flickers there light a dying fire, and then its gone. "Thanks. I was lost for a while." I open the bag, stuffing my hand in it, like I'm expecting it to be for me, even though I know better. I fake an upset expression when I realize its all his things. "What? Were you expecting something?" His look of anxiety looks real. I can tell he's searching his thoughts for something I'd requested he bring over, but he wont find anything. "No. I was just looking for a reaction." I smile widely, pulling open an emptry drawer and dumping his things in it. "Though, one of those cheese buns would've been nice." I say, throwing the bag back at him. "Oh. Yeah I suppose I could've grabbed you one of those." The moment he says it, my face drops. He made some? Or was he simply pulling my leg. "Do you want one? I made them yesterday when I decided I needed to toughen up." "Yes!" I almost scream the word at him as I jump up from my bed. "How many did you make? How many can I have?" I question, rushing up to him. Its almost as if he knew I would want one, his motive to make them. "Lots. You can have them all if you want, just don't make yourself sick." He's giggling as he leads me down the stairs to the door so we can go over to his house. For all the baging and crashing I'd heard over the past month, the house looks cleaner than I'd imagined. Still, glass litters the place, chairs are toppled, debrit covers the floor. I can tell he righted the table, though its been pushed against a wall. He must've broken a leg or two off. On top is a pile of cheese buns, and I immediatly lunge at them. While I'm chewing, the question breaks free. "Did you try to clean the place up?" "A few times, yes. But then I'd just get angry again. I wonder if its better to just leave it a mess?" Peeta ponders. I ponder it a moment too, but decide he can't. "How about this; we try to clean it up once a week. If you feel the need to throw and break things, then it can be like therapy for you. Or we can clean it up, then when you get upset, you can come over and destroy it all over again. It can be the one place you can go to release energy, since you can't hunt." A small smile twitches on my lips. "Sounds better than simply leaving it alone." Peeta nods, righting a chair so he can sit down. "Though I really don't think the table can take much more." I look under it. Sure enough, one of the legs has been busted off. My eyes search the floor looking for it, but I can't find it. I find the tv, looking spotless and perfect amongst the mess. "Try the tv next. I'm surprised that survived the hurricane." "I left it alone incase something came on." I know what he means though. We're both so used to telivised propaganda coming from the screen, that its a little hard to forget about it. To get used to the fact that it will never come back. "Sometimes I sit infront of mine, expecting something to pop up." I admit. "Updates on how Panem is fairing. Maybe something from the Hospital. A glimpse of my mother." Since the rise of the new President of Panem, there has been nothing on that screen. No update. No news. Nothing. Surely, she's more focused on the rebuilding of the country, but sometimes we wonder if she's simply keeping us in the dark about what's going on. Sometimes I wonder if its easier that way. To keep us from seeing that Panem has really spiraled into Chaos. The thoughts always remind me that its better to have the news than none at all. "I'm not expecting any of that. I honestly don't know what I'm expecting on it. I just feel it needs to be left alone." Peeta tells me. He has no one he expects to pop up on the screen. If anything, I'm sure he's hoping no one he knows shows up. Not my mother. Not Gale. No one. The fewer deaths he see's, the better he feels. Deep down, I know that's the same way I feel.