the answer to at least the first question. "Grip a little harder," I get out, and she responds instantly. I groan. She watches my face and body to register whether that's good or not, then moves a little more confidently. She slides her hand up and down, adding a little twist at the crown before returning. I moan her name with abandon. I'm hers. I can't even imagine how we got here, but here I am, my beautiful love's hands on me. She moves a little faster, and the hand that's not working me, so lightly, moves to cup my balls, rolling them and weighing them as though trying to figure them out. The ache is both soothed and ignited again. "Katniss…" I plead, "I won't last…long…" She doesn't seem to take heed of this, and I realize she's concentrating on what she's doing, on giving me pleasure. I wonder about her own pleasure, want to give her something back, but it's clear she's most comfortable….unsurprisingly…being in charge of this foray. I'm not in a position to complain. She rubs her palm in small circles over the wetness at the tip. "How does it feel?" she asks me quietly. "Better than anything. Please, don't stop, please," I beg breathlessly. She nods and leans down to kiss my hipbone as she strokes. It's more than I can bear, that feathery touch of her soft lips as she works me, and I begin to gasp as I feel myself twitch in her hand. I'm too pent-up. A thick, hot jet flushes out of me and over my stomach before I can even warn her. I come for a long time, arched into the air, whispering her name. Small explosions happen in my stomach as the ache leaves me. She slows but doesn't stop touching me, and I realize in amazement that I don't think she wants to stop. But after a little while, she scootches up next to me and gazes up. "Okay?" she asks. I laugh a breathless laugh to her, my own semen still drying slowly on my belly, and immediately cup her cheek and lean over, kissing her, so tenderly. I feel the lithe relaxed state of her body, miraculously, the nightmares gone, the worries gone. Somehow, she's had a release too, of another kind. "Thank you, Katniss…." I can barely get the words out because they don't seem adequate. She mulls this over and then smiles with teeth, "It was kind of fun," she admits. I didn't expect this. "You didn't have to, it would have been fine," I make myself say. "I wanted to," she answers. "What about you?" I ask. She laughs and in response, takes my hand and again, to my shock, brings it down languidly and presses my fingers, before I can stop her, between her legs, against the thin cotton of her underwear. The flesh there is piping hot and the fabric is soaked. I don't know much about women, not in this way, but I know what I'm feeling, and I groan, already, after five minutes, wanting more, wanting to try out all we have yet to go, if she's willing. "Katniss!" I exclaim. "Well, I can't help it!" she laughs, and it sounds so free and unhindered I think, god, is this what happens afterwards? Is this what I can do? What we can do, together? "Do you ever think of me…like…like that, when you're alone?" I sound all of thirteen in my immaturity, but I can't bring myself to put too fine a point on it. She knows what I mean, anyways. "Sometimes," she admits, "More lately, now that we have privacy." My hand closes lightly around that hot wetness, my fingers itching to slip under the cotton, find what lies beneath, wrench sounds from her. She makes a soft, satisfied sound at my touch. "Katniss, can I…can I touch you like that?" I ask, sounding so uncertain and young to myself. "Let's rest a little right now, okay?" she replies, but for the first time, she does something new, and sits up, reaches down, gathers the ends of her own tunic, and pulls it over her head. Then there is nothing but her slim, bare body, the rounded breasts and hips that began to fill out again, making her look more like a woman, after the Games. She looks strong, her flat belly leading down to the hem of those sodden underwear. She keeps them on, though, I suspect because she doubts my—or her own—self-control. I respect her boundaries, though I whisper, "Oh, Katniss, you have no idea the effect…" as she lies down, her back against my chest. Already I feel the stirrings of another erection, a hazard of being 18 and lying in a quiet, warm room with a beautiful naked girl, I suppose. It can't be helped. I encircle her with my arms, letting the remnants of my sticky release stay where they fell. Apparently, she doesn't mind, and she presses firmly back into me, her entire body molding to mine. This is the first time we've slept together without clothing between us, and it's the most intimate feeling in the world. I gather the blanket protectively around her, careful where I place my hands. I don't want to offend her, though those small, round breasts with their pink tips entice me, make me feel hot all over. I feel her going, drifting off to sleep, a sleep that I know from experience will likely be far more restful than her last attempt. Before she goes over the edge into darkness, I can't help myself but whisper, "You love me. Real or not real?" This is only the second time I've ever asked. But I can almost feel her smile in the dark. She clasps my hand against her breastbone and whispers, "So real, Peeta," before she sleeps. I say a silent prayer of thanks for the luxury, the necessity, and the love, most of all.