he was getting set up to go to a new school in the fall, and how he couldn't text me yet because he was still working on getting a phone. He detailed the "really fucking annoying" kids in his neighborhood, his driver's ed classes starting in a few weeks, the new job at the bakery he'd gotten hooked up with, and how he missed me. He said the last part at least five times. From there, it was a constant stream of digital messages and updates. I told him about how things were back in the old neighborhood, and he kept me updated on both his struggles and triumphs at frosting cakes. Apparently he was a natural, because he ended up having far more of the latter. Bannock was true to his word about putting Snow away. It wasn't even too difficult. All it took was one phone call from a wealthy outside source, and for the first time in my memory, the police came to Twelfth to actually help. The loose baggies of drugs stuffed in the crevices of Snow's house were enough to safely arrest him with a sentence that will probably take up the duration of his life. After that, transferring Peeta's custody from the newly convicted criminal to Bannock was fairly straightforward. It was the night Peeta found out about Snow that it happened. I was lying on the couch in the living room at one in the morning, my phone nearly touching my face while texted him, asking what he thought about the arrest, if he was doing okay. Out of the blue, a message popped up on the screen that made my heart stop for a minute. This is the worst possible time to tell you this, but I think I'm in love with you. I stared at the message for a solid five minutes before I willed my fingers to move. Huh. I think I'm in love with you, too. And somehow, I was. Even if we were built on typed messages and exchanged secrets, it was enough. A few weeks ago, when he offered to get a ride down so we could see each other for a little while, I'd actually stood up from my computer when I read the offer. We could actually be with each other again, and this time, we could actually have fun together. Like a normal couple. The word felt weird, but I guess there wasn't another one to describe us. Since then, I'd been an idiot, sorting out my work hours and my study sessions and whittling down the time until the day he when would actually get to come down. And of course, now that the day's finally here, he has to show up an hour early. Prim won't stop giggling, so I tell her to shut up and stay in our room, which only makes her laugh harder. I roll my eyes and shut the door behind me as I leave her in the room and go the hall to the front door. I stare at it for a minute and wipe my sweaty hands on the back of my shorts, and then reach for the doorknob, giving it a twist. When I yank the door open, I immediately see Peeta standing there, one hand tucked into his pocket, the other raised in a loose fist, ready to knock. His eyes widen and then he smiles. "Hi," "Hey," I breathe, leaning against the doorframe. I can barely connect the picture I have in my head to the Peeta standing in front of me. He's actually dressed in color, in sand-colored cargo shorts and a bright blue, short-sleeved button down shirt. His arms and face are free of any cuts or bruises, and his eyes are far brighter and livelier than they were then I left him. "I can't believe you're here," I say, "Holy shit, you look like you belong at Coin," He groans, "That is the worst fucking thing you've ever said to me," "I wouldn't worry too much. You still curse too much to be a true prepster," I push myself away from the door and reach out my arms, "Do you want to hug or—" I can't even finish my sentence before he's touching my cheeks, pulling me close so he can kiss me. My eyes flutter closed and I wrap my arms around his neck. My tongue jumps at the taste of mint on his lips, but the rest of my body melts into him like this is the most natural thing in the world, even though this is only the third time we've actually done this. He pulls away and presses his lips to my forehead before smiling, "I went with 'or'. But a hug sounds good, too," "Unbelievable," I groan, squeezing my arms tighter around his neck as he wraps his arms around me and pats my back, "You're early, you know," "What? No, we agreed I'd come at two," "It was three , we said that ten times," I groan, "God, you're lucky I like you so much," "Yeah, I guess I am," he untangles his arms enough to just grip my elbows, pulling himself away from me, "So, what do you want to do today?" "Anything," I shrug, "I don't care," "Well…" he looks towards the curb and I follow his gaze to the gleaming car parked on the curb, and his brother sitting in the driver's seat, fiddling with a phone, "No offense, but this place has a lot of bad mojo, so I don't really want to hang around. And I don't know how badly you'll want to get carted around town with a chaperone," I groan, "Oh, God, please no. You know I love your brother, but…no," "Thought so," he leans in and kisses me below my ear, "Go grab your keys," "Hm, why?" He pulls away and shrugs, a small smile floating over his lips, "I think we should run away somewhere,"