her. "I volunteer! She gasps. "I volunteer as tribute!" I almost want to cry, because I may never be able to have my dream girl. But everyone is confused. District 12 never has volunteers. In other districts, volunteering is a huge honor. Here, it's considered suicide. "Lovely!" says Effie Trinket. "But I believe there's a small matter of introducing the reaping winner and then ask for volunteers, and if one does come forth we, um..." But she trails off. "What does it matter?" Says the mayor. He looks at Katniss. "What does it matter? Let her come forward." "No, Katniss! No! You can't go!" I see Prim scream, wrapping her skinny arms around Katniss. All I hear out of Katniss is "Let go!" I see Gale take Prim away, and Katniss walks up to the stage. Katniss has many emotions on her face. I can't tell if she's scared, angry, upset, I can't tell. "Well, bravo!" Gushes Effie Trinket. "That's the spirit of the games!" She sounds pleased with all this. She puts the microphone to Katniss's mouth. "What's your name?" "Katniss Everdeen." she says, with a hint of doubt in her voice. "I bet my buttons that was your sister. Don't want her to steal all the glory, do we? Come on, everybody! Let's give a big round of applause to our newest tribute!" Effie says that like she basically doesn't care that Katniss might be going to her death. What is wrong with this stupid capital? Of course no one claps, we're District 12. No one expects even Katniss to come back. She's too small, too fragile, and not strong enough. But that's their opinion. I'm sure she could win. But it breaks my heart that I couldn't even talk to her, couldn't even date her, before she goes. I saved my first kiss for her, and it's never going to happen. Now I think about it, this sounds like I'm doubting her ability to win. She's strong, she's smart and good with a bow. She would definitely be tough competition for the other tributes. As no one applauds, everyone sits in silence. It's a bold move. And I cannot believe what people do next. One by one, people touch their three middle fingers to their lips and raises them. I don't join in, because it's a sign of admiration and respect, and it means good bye, never to be seen again. And I know Katniss will make it back. She looks like she's going to cry, and Katniss doesn't cry, but before she can, Haymitch comes staggering across the stage. "Look at her. Look at this one!" he hollers, and throws an arm around her shoulders. "I like her!" Katniss makes a disgusted face as he yells out. "Lots of..." he pauses, probably trying to think of the right word. "Spunk! More than you!" he releases Katniss and heads to the front of the stage. "More than you!" he says directly to the camera. Whether he's addressing the people or the Capitol, it's hard to tell. But we'll never know, because then he plummets off the stage, and is knocked unconscious. Now all the cameras are on him, and everyone watching is probably laughing at us. Katniss looks somewhat relieved that the attention is taken away from her volunteering slightly. Haymitch is then whisked away on a stretcher, and Effie stands back up to the podium. "What an exciting day!" she exclaims, as if any one of us care. She straightens her wig, which is now very off center. "But more excitement to come! It's time to choose our boy tribute!" she places her hand on her head as she crosses to the ball that contains the boys' name. She grabs the first slip of paper she touches, and she quickly walks back to the podium, most likely just wanting to read the name. As she opens the slip of paper, I pray. Please don't be me, please don't be me. "Peeta Mellark!" I gasp, and my heart just fell. I'm entered into the games with Katniss. Riley looks back at me, and shrugs. What a jerk of a brother. James does the same, just looking at me like What can you do? Some friends I have. As I walk up to the stage, Katniss looks me right into the eye, purposely acknowledging my existence. She doesn't look to happy to see me. Well I wish I weren't coming up there too, Katniss, I think to myself. I want to cry as I walk up to the stage, and stand there next to Effie, looking at nowhere specific. Just angry that this is my fate. Effie asks for volunteers, and there are none of course. From the stage I shoot Riley a very dirty look, but he hates me and we both know it. That doesn't stop him from looking to the ground with shame. Mitchell looks me straight in the eye from all the way at the back. He looks sorry, and I'm sure he'd volunteer if he could. After this, the mayor reads the long dull Treaty of Treason. I'm not listening, I'm too busy thinking about the fact that I'm about to be a tribute in the Hunger Games. Katniss must be thinking the same thing, for she's staring at the ground. Once the mayor finishes, Katniss and I are asked to shake hands. I grab it, give it a reassuring squeeze, but she doesn't get it. We turn back, and face the crowd while the Anthem of Panem plays. I can't believe this is happening. I should have talked to Katniss before this, let her know how I feel. Maybe we could have been friends, maybe we could have more than friends. Katniss looks at her sister, and I look at her as the anthem plays. She needs to win. Her family will starve without her. At that moment I promised I would do everything in my power to make sure Katniss wins.