had time to draw breath. Well, that was easy enough. He then found himself ushered into another pen of sorts, where he recognised a number of the kids as being from his own class in school. But there were dozens more, who he had never seen before. The numbers were quickly filling up, and Jack felt a sense of relief; he hadn't realised just how many people actually lived in District Eleven. There was no way he'd get selected. He didn't dare move to go and speak to any of the other kids, or go and see where Luka was; there were a number of peacekeepers only a few feet away behind the rope cordoning everyone else off. The more people who arrived, the more relaxed Jack became. How stupid he'd been! Everything was going to be fine, and he'd be back reading his new book, sitting between his parents, getting ready for dinner in just a few short hours. Perhaps he'd even go and call on Luka, who was going to be alright once the day was over. Maybe it was a build up of repressed emotion, but Jack was beginning to feel quite giddy. He only realised he was actually humming to himself when another boy turned around in bewilderment, looking at Jack as though he were mad. Then reality hit home again, and Jack went back to being serious. After all, he might not be on his way to certain death, but somebody else certainly was. The crowds gradually fell silent. For the first time, Jack got a good look at all the technology that had been set up at the entrance to the courthouse. He had never seen anything quite like it. What on earth was it all for? Wires, everywhere! Then there was the stage itself. Of course, the banner featuring the Capitol's emblem had been draped across the roof flowing right down to the stage, which was at least six feet high. There were a number of well dressed government agents – probably the President's best friends – sitting on either side of the wide, oak panelled double doors out of which the real star of this very sorry show was set to emerge. The microphone was ready. The last peacekeeper descended the stage. No more whispers, no more whimpering. You could here a pin drop. The doors opened, and here he was. "Welcome, everyone!" With a theatrical twirl of the hands, Tymerius Till waltzed onto the stage, as though expecting everyone to be pleasantly surprised to see him. He was only in his mid-twenties, but he'd been working as District Eleven's escort for about five years. This year, he was clad entirely in purple. From the trousers all the way up to the hair – styled in very short spikes – let nobody say that Tymerius didn't make some kind of effort. From what little experience Jack had of Capitol fashion, he thought it was usually women who wore high-heeled boots, but he could be wrong. God knows what went through the minds of these people. He wondered if Tymerius was paid to look utterly stupid, or whether he genuinely liked the entire of District Eleven thinking of him as a laughing stock. Then again, Tymerius Till didn't spend each day eating stale bread and nuts, so he probably didn't care either way. "What an honour it is to be here today! Among such wonderful people! I wish so much that I could stay and chat about what I've been up to since we last met, but…" he sighed "we have business to attend to." He went through the usual spiel of talking about the Capitol, mentioning the Rebellion, all of that. Then the moment came. "And now," beamed Tymerius, "The selection! Which one of you girls will be representing your district this year? There's only one way to find out!" He tottered over to the huge glass sphere on his left. In there, were the slips. Each girl in the audience had her name in there somewhere. In theory. Given the sheer size of District Eleven, and the fact that there were theoretically thousands of girls participating in the draw, Jack had wondered for a long time whether there was an initial random set of names picked before the Reaping, behind the scenes, and that only these names actually made it into the bowl. It didn't seem possible that all the names, including the tesserae, were already in there. But he didn't think about that now. Tymerius plucked out the name, and sauntered back to the microphone, smiling at the crowd. He opened the slip slowly, and Jack's heart began to race. "Elana Hillbury!" Silence. Jack breathed a sigh of relief; he didn't recognise the name. He also didn't recognise the girl as she climbed the steps to greet Tymerius on the stage. The widescreen got a close-up of her face. She looked to be about sixteen. A tall, very dark-skinned girl with a long black ponytail, she looked wide-eyed and terrified, but she contained her emotions quite well. Tymerius seemed to whisper something in her ear, before giggling. She remained stone-faced; obviously she didn't find whatever he said to be quite so amusing. "Well then Elana, time to meet your fellow tribute. You never know, he could be a total cutie," he cackled, before moving to the bowl on this right. This was it. The knot tightened in Jack's chest. The boys around him seemed to be shuffling around nervously. This really was a horrible experience. It seemed so much different to watching it on screen. Thankfully, it would all be over soon. And it was. Tymerius opened the paper in the same precise way he had done just now. Fold here, fold there, smooth out… Just get on with it! "And the male tribute competing in this year's Games is…my, what an unusual name…Jack Williams! Is that right? How-old fashioned! Now, where are you? Time to meet your destiny, Jack!"