the way he looks at her the way he looked at her twin sister and how he calls her sweetheart in that voice he only ever used with her twin sister. "I don't care," he answers—in that voice, with that look. His eyes are dark and cloudy. "I never paid you back for the swing." He kisses her again. She kisses back. . The next day she wakes up in her own bed, and she's not quite sure if everything that happened the day before was a dream. On her bedside is a fresh package of morphling. Not a dream. Real. They'd really gone to the party. She blinks once. Something still feels surreal. Something's missing. Her headache's missing. She laughs. She feels happy. So happy. . She tries to pretend for a little while that they—she and Haymitch—have a normal relationship. She tries to pretend that he doesn't come into her sweetshop everyday drunk asking for a bag of dollar candy, and she gives him a bag of quarter candy. He's so… odd. Drunk and loud and crazy. But he loves her. And he makes her headaches go away. He fills the empty void that Maysilee had left in her heart and makes her feel whole again. She ditches more shifts than she should and has her parents man the counter. Haymitch takes her to his mansion at the Victor's Village. "You make it seem less big and empty," he tells her one day, kissing her. She tries to pretend. And after a while, she's pretended so much that she's made it real. . This goes on for maybe a week, although it feels like at least a month. They have a routine—Haymitch says he likes routines; he likes knowing what to expect. Every morning, he'll come and pick her up, offering her a five dollar bill and asking for a bag of gumballs. Even when she puts a sign on the gumballs labeling them as quarter candy, he shrugs and pays the same price. Routine. Then they'll make their way to the Victor's Village. Once, he'd taken her on a tour through the Seam—his old house, or at least the burnt remains of it. But he says he doesn't like it there. Too many memories. He doesn't really like it in his new house either—still too many memories—but he says that she really does help him form new ones. They kiss a lot. Haymitch isn't one to talk. She thinks she understands. They don't need to talk sometimes. There's a lot that's understood without talking. (Like the Hunger Games. Like whatever happened to Conner. Like Maysilee.) He tastes of alcohol and mint. She thinks she loves him. . "Why do you stay with me?" she asks one day, between kisses. It's been now ten days since they've been together—secretly, of course, although she's sure that her parents suspect. Haymitch says something about how the Capitol is always watching him, and they don't want him to be happy, so they keep it secret. "You make it hurt less," he answers, cutting off her other questions with another kiss. "I love you," she whispers. He kisses her harder. "I know. I loved you too." Pause. But something's wrong. Past tense. And then he murmurs under his breath, "Maysilee." It's as if her heart has stopped beating, and the headache and heartache and everythingache is back, with that one word. She pushes him away. "I'm not Maysilee." She's told him this before. She'd thought he'd really understood and not cared when she'd told him. "I'm not Maysilee," she repeats. "I know," he answers, trying to kiss her again. She pushes him away again. "No, really, you don't know; you don't understand. I'm not Maysilee." "What's the difference?" he asks with a shrug. Suddenly, everything feels wrong. She can't exactly put her finger on why she's so upset, but she is upset, and her head is hurting again. "I'm giving you quarter candy," she blurts out, because she is not good with words and never was and never will be. "So?" "You think it's dollar candy, but I've been giving you quarter candy all this time!" "What if I don't care?" he shoots back. "That's just the thing! You-you don't care!" "What are you trying to say?" he asks. "I don't know," she whispers. She's not sure of anything anymore, not sure of what she's trying to say or what she should be saying. She only knows that everything feels wrongwrongwrong and her head and heart and everything are throbbing again. You make it hurt less , he'd told her. I love you , she'd told him. It's all wrongwrongwrong . "So what if I don't care?" he repeats. "What if I don't know or care for the stupid differences that are always there? Do you think I'm stupid? I know you're not Maysilee, for God's sake; do you have to rub it in that she's dead, and I can't make you turn into her no matter how hard I try, and you're—" He breaks off, breathing hard and running a hand through his hair. "Maybe it's better that we end this—thing. We should—end it. You're lucky I don't love you. They'll kill you." "What if I don't care?" she asks, searching his eyes for something—anything. But she sees nothing. Her head and heart and everything are more than aching now—they're screaming—breaking—in agony. "It's not that easy, sweetheart." He walks away, and that's the end of it. . Like candy, some people are worth less than others. For Cee. Happy birthday! I'm sorry this is so bad. I felt like annoying you. No, I was lazy. c: Love for Estoma for beta'ing. (I noticed you beta'ed Rachel's too. You're just the go-to girl for everyone, hm? I thought I was special.) But yeah, I do apologise if it seems that I've disregarded so many of your comments! I don't really have an excuse, except for time constraints and laziness? But mostly laziness.