Delicious. At least something is good at this one way trip. In that time, Katniss shows up with sleepy eyes and sits down numbly. She explores her plate, scrunches her nose over the coffee and curiously smells the hot chocolate. "They call it hot chocolate." I say with a slight smile "It's good." "I have never had chocolate." she says quietly. It seems sad to me, that she has never tasted something as good as chocolate. "Then go on and taste it." I encourage her. She slowly takes a little sip. "Mmmmm" she hums and doesn't hesitate to drink half of the cup at once. When she finishes it, she digs through her breakfast and I must say that for such a tiny person she eats a lot and very quickly. I'm not surprised though, she isn't used to have so much food. I'm still dipping pieces of roll in my chocolate and eat them slowly, when she finally finishes her plate and leans back. She examines us for a while, staying at Haymitch's face in the end. "So you're supposed to give us advice." she says with a suspicion in her voice. I can't blame her. I can't imagine what kind of advice could he give us. "Here's some advice. Stay alive," says Haymitch, and then bursts out laughing. That comment makes me angry but I try to hide it. I look at Katniss exactly in time to see her looking at me. Her look seems angry too. "That's very funny." I say in my quiet anger and do a quick move to lash the liquor out of his hands. It falls on the ground. "Only not to us." I add piercing him with angry look. Katniss seems surprised with my reaction. Well I guess I have crossed some line because in the next second I feel a sharp pain in my jaw and I fall down from the chair. He punched me. From the ground I see how he extends his hand towards the liquor, but Katniss stops his movement by diving a knife right between his hand and the bottle. She's angry too. "Well, what's this?" says Haymitch looking at us. "Did I actually get a pair of fighters this year?" I want to put some ice on my jaw, but he stops me. "No," says Haymitch, stopping me. "Let the bruise show. The audience will think you've mixed it up with another tribute before you've even made it to the arena." "That's against the rules," I protest. "Only if they catch you. That bruise will say you fought, you weren't caught, even better," says Haymitch. Then he turns to Katniss. "Can you hit anything with that knife besides a table?" She throws the knife with all her force and it dives deeply into the wood. She is a lethal opponent, that's for sure. "Stand over here. Both of you," says Haymitch, nodding to the middle of the room. We obey and he circles us, prodding us, checking our muscles, examining our faces. "Well, you're not entirely hopeless. Seem fit. And once the stylists get hold of you, you'll be attractive enough." "All right, I'll make a deal with you. You don't interfere with my drinking, and I'll stay sober enough to help you," says Haymitch. "But you have to do exactly what I say." Well it's not some sort of amazing deal, but it's good enough for now. "Fine," I say, still a little irritated by him. "So help us," Katniss says. "When we get to the arena, what's the best strategy at the Cornucopia for someone…" "One thing at a time. In a few minutes, we'll be pulling into the station. You'll be put in the hands of your stylists. You're not going to like what they do to you. But no matter what it is, don't resist," says Haymitch. "But —" she begins to protest. "No buts. Don't resist," says Haymitch strictly. We slowly arrive to Capitol and both me and Katniss sit by the window and we look out to see it. It's magnificent. Seeing it alive is so much different than on TV. If I wouldn't be going to die, I guess I would draw this scene... Tall towers growing high towards the sky, shiny cars, colorful paths and absolutely crazy people. It is all so different from the grey routine of 12. There is a huge number of people and they eagerly start to cheer when they recognize we're tributes. I wave enthusiastically and give them my biggest smiles. If we're going to be in hunger games, we need to be popular and I know how to do that I guess. Then we ride through a tunnel. By the corner of my eyes I see that Katniss is not well, she is pale and it seems she can't breathe well, her eyes are scared too. What's wrong with her?! But as soon as we ride out of the tunnel, she breaths out and looks better again. But as she sees the crowds of people on the train station she takes a few steps back from the window. She looks disgusted. I wave and smile and when I turn to see her I see anger in her eyes, which are looking at me. "Who knows? One of them may be rich." I shrug. She studies me for a long time with a weird look on her face. Like if she was deciding something. In ten minutes we're out of the train, transported into the remake center, where we are handled into prep teams hands, who are gonna change us into new people. We're escorted to the remake center by cars and we are divided in there with Katniss. Before Haymitch goes away I catch his arm. „Could you come to see me before the opening ceremony starts?" I ask urgently. „I would like to discuss something with you. Without Katniss." I imply. He observes me carefully and he promises to stop by.