by side with his mother Nora. Her face is one of nervous excitement. Laz is the last of her boys, and this is to be his final reaping. I don't mean that she's happy or anything, but theres a hope glowing in her eyes that says she can almost see the light at the end of the tunnel. I walk toward them hesitantly, not wanting to interrupt them just in case they were sharing a special moment. When I think it is safe, I approach them. Noras face lights up when she sees me and she embrases me immediately. "I'm glad I got to see you Annie. I wanted to wish you luck" "Thank you Nora, I'll need it" I answer "But I was wondering if maybe I could steal Laz for a minute, I have something important I wanted to ask. " "Of course Dear!" Nora exclaims with a strange sort of enthusiasm and winks at Laz. He shoots his mother a sideways glance and hip bumps her. I slow my pace and Laz matches me. Now that I'm here I don't quite know how to ask what I want to ask, so I just get straight to it "I want you to do something for me" "Anythin'" is his earnest answer "'specially in that dress. Blue really does suit you girlie.'" "haha Laz, I'm being serious. " I pause again, not quite sure how to phrase it. Not sure if it's too much to ask. "okay" Laz scrunches his face and furrows his brow "lets be serious then" I chuckle and punch him in the arm "Listen if I end up being you know, reaped-" "No, that's what you want to talk to me about? No way." "Laz!-" "Annie, it isn't happening. It can't. You might've collected Tessera a dozen times but there are hundreds out there who have done it more. There's no way your name is coming out of that ball. Not if there's any justice in the world" I roll my eyes. I don't know how he can be so thick-headed "You know justice has nothing to do with the name that gets pulled out of that ball." "Still annie, the odds-" "I get it. But im not talking about the odds. This is a worst case scenario conversation I want to have, ok?" "So what is it you want?" He asks. His face is a mask now. He's upset "If my name comes out of the reaping ball I need you to restrain Nauplius. Distract him, Knock him out, I don't know, but do whatever you have to if it looks like he'll volunteer" "What?" Laz looked dumbstruck. "If I'm tribute, I need you to stop my brother if he tries to volunteer" "it's never gonna happen Annie." Laz assures me, but he won't meet me eye to eye. "then you can safely promise me without worrying about it. I need to know I can depend on you." Laz walks thoughtfully beside me but doesn't say another word until my brother comes into view in front of us looking for me. Quickly he turns towards me and plants a kiss on my cheek "It's a deal Miss Annie, but If I get beaten to death for it, it's on your head" "Remember you promised" I whisper at him ….. The reaping is held in central four where the square has been decorated with bright blue and green banners for the Capitol cameras. There are armed peacekeepers on every building observing the population to ensure all goes smoothly. Nauplius gives me a quick hug and whispers an 'I love you' in my ear before leaving me to get in line with the other boys. "I love you too miss Annie." Laz throws in teasingly behind him as we go our separate ways. Almost immediately after our identities are authenticated and everyone has been herded out into the square in lines, Pandora McCafferty the Capitol escort is at the podium with Mayor Epsom, Finnick Odair and Mags seated behind her. The square is so quiet you could hear only the heavy winds coming from off the water intermingled with the speculative whispers from the crowd gathered at the sidelines. The occasional cry of a child can be heard breaking through before being stifled. The capitol doesn't want to see crying children on their screens. Pandora McCafferty is dressed in a bright blue, shiny and angular dress that juts up and out around her. I think it's supposed to be inspired by a starfish, but when she walks her rear end sways from side to side and she looks more like a disproportioned capitol mutation. Her bright blue lips and sparkling eyelashes only add to the eerie effect. This year she's dyed her hair a soft baby blue to offset the color of her dress. For once I like the color, if not the outrageous manner in which it's been styled. "Greetings Everyone, and welcome to the opening of the 70th Annual Hunger Games!" Pandora welcomes, adding "isn't it exciting?" The usual pomp commences with the anthem and the melodramatic vintage video explaining the suffering of the capitol during the rebellion and the history and significance of the Games. The video plays every year, and every year it confuses me. I never could find the logical meaning in punishing the son for the fathers' fathers' rebellion, but then the Capitol never did seem to be a place governed by anything as thoughtful as logic, so much as vanity and bloodlust. By the time Pandora reaches into the bowl to collect the first tributes name I've nearly zoned out completely. I'm trying to find Nauplius and Laz in the crowd on the adjacent side of the square, wanting to see the relief on his face when someone else's name gets called. I don't hear it until she repeats the name a second time, and the girls behind me start pushing me forward. The name is "Anastasia Cresta ".