goes behind the counter and stares at the full rack of grape-cherry lollipops. She reaches to take one, vowing that she'll eat it even if it's just in her sister's honor, but she can't get through it. Not only is her stomach in ruins, the thing is disgusting. And her head still hurts. How is she going to get through this? How is she going to survive? \ The Games are over, and Haymitch Abernathy has been crowned Victor. Good for Conner, she supposes. Her head has been hurting even more often now. It's difficult to think. No one else understands. No. One. Else. Her sister is dead, her friends are gone, and her parents are aging fast. She goes directly home after school every day. She just barely manages to work at the counter, putting on a fake smile. She thinks that most people only buy sweets now out of pity. She keeps reminding herself that she'll get over it. But she doesn't believe it. One day she's working in the shop when Conner comes in. She hasn't spoken to the boy since she yelled at him to get out. "I'm sorry," they both blurt out at the same time. She shakes her head. "No, it's entirely my fault. You were just trying to be nice, and I shot you down. It's just…" She doesn't finish the sentence. She looks at the boy and feels as if, just like things are like with Annabel, things will never quite be the same with them either. But then Conner takes one of the purple-pink lollipops and heads for the back room. "What are you doing?" she asks. "I'm going to start my work for today," he answers with a toothy smile. His teeth are purple already. Maybe things will be okay. \ It's been two weeks since Haymitch has come home. The party where it seemed like everybody else was celebrating had been torture. She remembers it as a blur of colors and sweets and vomit. She had vomited on that day. She tries to forget that day though. The next day Conner had come in and the lollipops had been missing and she had smiled. And maybe life will go on. Except Conner isn't at the store today. Maybe he's running late, she frets. Or maybe he's just gone off with a special day with his brother. She supposes that must be it. Although from what she's seen and heard, Haymitch Abernathy has not been doing very well. She waits for the entire day for Conner to come, but he does not. And the rack is strangely full, and everything seems harder. But he'll be coming back. She reassures herself on that. The little boy always has. Instead, the next day, she's visited by Haymitch Abernathy. "Where's your younger brother?" she automatically asks. Haymitch stares at her blankly for a few seconds. His breath smells of alcohol. "So much. You look so much like her." Maysilee. He's talking about Maysilee. Her head hurts but she ignores it. "Where's your younger brother?" she repeats. "Dead," answers Haymitch. "All dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. You look so much like her." She can't breathe. "Your brother is dead?" Haymitch stumbles around the shop and stares at her. "You look so much like her, sweetheart." No. No. There's no way Conner is gone too. She rushes out from behind the counter and looks Haymitch in the eye. "Stop being drunk, and tell me what really happened to your brother." "He's dead! I told you he was dead!" Haymitch repeats. "The Capitol got to him! Oh, they told me it was an accident, sure! Yeah, Maysilee dying was an accident! Me winning was an accident! It was all a stupid, stupid accident! Maysilee, stupid Maysilee. You look so much like her." She can't move. She should be reacting more—she should be crying and yelling and stomping her feet. But it's too much energy, and her head and heart is racing. She can't move, or think, or anything. She looks at Haymitch. He doesn't have Conner's purple teeth, but he has the same gray eyes and floppy brown hair. "You look like him," she says quietly. She watches as the drunken older Abernathy leaves the shop and spends the next few hours in a haze. The words have not completely processed. She keeps waiting for Conner. But he does not come. Nobody comes except for customers with repeating questions and eyes full of pity. \ After that she really stops getting out of bed. Not even the sight of her constantly-worried parents can drive her out. Her sleep cycle is fitful. Sometimes she'll wake up in the middle of the night crying or yelling, and other times she'll just be staring at the ceiling for hours at a time while the sun shines outside. One day she gets a package sent up, addressed to the twin sister of Maysilee Donner,from Haymitch Abernathy. Her breath hitches, and she opens it up, wondering what could possibly be sent. Inside is the golden Mockingjay pin. She almost throws out the entire package in disgust, but that's not the only thing in it. There is also a grape-cherry lollipop and six bottles of liquid morphling. She stares at the package for a while. No. No way. She is not going to succumb to morphling. She hardly lasts two minutes before she's reaching the bottle. Is she really going to try it? Is she? She sits up in her bed and looks at the clear vial and then down at the lollipop. The lollipop she could never stand. She gently unwraps it and looks again at the golden Mockingjay pin. She should just throw it all out. Everything. Instead she dumps the liquid morphling onto the candy. And she picks it up and sucks. For once, it is sweet. Written for both Missing Mommy for April II, and also for Caesar Palace's April writing contest. Sorry I interpreted the prompt so abstractly.