makes her warm and fuzzy inside. Just looking at him brings a smile to her face because he is hers, no one else's. "Did you have fun at the game?" Peeta finally asks. He's almost surprised that he hasn't heard one complaint yet. "It was great, I think you played amazing." She looks up at him with the cutest look of adoration he has ever seen. It takes everything he has in him to keep his eyes on the road and not lean over and kiss her. "I'm sorry it was so cold." He looks down at her again apologetically as they pull into the movie theater. It's the beauty of a small town; nothing is over five minutes away. "It was fine, but I do wish you were there to warm me up." She looks up at him again, this time a soft smile and a blush graces her beautiful face. "I'll warm you up in the theater, how bout that?" he smiles, opening the door before running around to her side, opening it before she has a chance to open in herself. They walk hand in hand into the theater; neither of them truly understands the feeling in the pits of their stomachs. They have each other, nothing to fear. As it turns out, no normal person sees a little kid movie at eleven at night, and they are far from normal. It ends up being only them in the theater, but they both like it that way, even if they don't admit it to each other. He keeps up his promise, and warms her up throughout the movie. She cuddles up next to him gladly, indulging herself in his sweet warmth. The movie is awful, and Katniss swears the producers were high when they thought up the idea. Now she understands why the theater is empty, but she says nothing of it. Instead she focuses herself on Peeta. She breathes in his cinnamony aroma, curls herself into his warm side, and lays her head perfectly on his chest so that she can hear every time his heart beats. It's perfect in her mind. They leave the theater when the movie ends in fits of giggles. The theater employees give them speculating stares but stay where they are, playing babysitter to two teens probably isn't their idea of a fun night. When they reach the outdoors, Katniss gasps at how much snow has gathered on the ground. Almost two inches has stuck since they entered the theater a mere hour and a half ago. For Kansas, that's a lot. They both look at each other and Peeta wraps his arm around her, pulling her tiny body close to his chest in an attempt to keep her warm. "You are never picking the movie again." Peeta whispers huskily in her ear as they walk towards the car, huddled together. "It was a great movie Peeta." She giggles back, scooting closer to him as they make their way slowly towards the car. "It was horrible." He laughs, and she has to agree with him, but he'll never have to know. "I thought it was cute." Katniss sticks her nose in the air in an attempt to be snobby. It doesn't work. "It was the farthest thing from cute. That messed with my mind." He groans, faking a zombie like the ones in the movie. She giggles, burying her head in his chest as a big gust of wind blows stinging snow directly into their eyes. "Ok, you win. I don't get to pick the movies anymore." She laughs, giggling when he pulls her in for a kiss. "I would go to any movie if it meant being with you." Katniss pushes him away jokingly. "God that was cheesy Peet." she laughs, breaking away from him and barreling as fast as she can towards the car. As she reaches out to touch the cool metal, he swoops her into his arms, swirling her around in the icy snow. They fall against the car together, their faces mere millimeters apart. Neither of them has felt this way before. "Kiss me." He whispers, and she obliges, kissing him with as much passion as her tiny little body will allow. As they get in the car, neither of them wants the night to end. They're so wrapped in each other that they can't wait to get back to his house. All he wants to do is hold her in his arms. The roads are covered in a fine layer of ice, a slippery layer of ice, but she trusts him. He'll get them home safely, but life never does the expected thing, does it? She looks into his eyes as they pull onto the highway. He looks back at her, making the familiar curve in the road like he has a million times, only this time is different. She can feel the wheels beneath them spinning and swerving on the ice as the car jerks. Panic sweeps over them both. How can they die? They're so young. Then, as they brace for impact, and he grabs for her hand, everything goes bright for a second, and then with some heavenly hue, it disappears into the darkness that life becomes once again. For weeks the newspapers would run the same story; the story of the couple that flipped into the ditch. For her it was never about the car wreck, or the fact that she flew out the window. Every night, she could remember the sound of glass breaking, and then the hard thump of her hitting the snow feet from where the car lay in the ditch. The sound of the beeping heart monitor would become her worst enemy, and it would haunt her into eternity. For her, it wasn't just another car crash. For Katniss Everdeen, it was the day the sun stopped shining. It was the day Peeta Mellark breathed his last. Any feedback is welcome. As Always, Love to all, Dedicated