need Effie's help to guide me around the blasted city before we're found out and brought back to the mansion with no hope of finding her parents. "I guess about six blocks? I don't live very far from the Training Center." "Good, we're going there. Lead the way." "But my parents—" "Listen sweetheart…" I take Effie's shoulder and lean down until we're eye to eye. "I promised you we'd find them, and we will, but Coin and Plutarch are going to figure out we're gone soon—if they haven't already. I don't know about you, but I don't want to be put under lock and key while they scheme up the new nation. We'll go to your apartment and get some rest, I'll make some calls to see if I can get any leads, and then we'll go back out after dark to continue searching, okay?" Effie sighs but nods and turns us in the direction of her apartment. By the time the sun has started to rise, we're safely ensconced inside her posh high rise apartment that has been utterly untouched since she was last here. She looks as exhausted as I feel, but I know that neither of us will get much rest if I don't start making calls. I start out with the hospital and get transferred to Katniss' room first. Gale is the one who answers on the 3rd ring. "She still out?" "They sedated her again." Gale tells me. "She woke up, screaming for Prim, and asked me if the parachutes were my idea." "Were they?" "I don't know." Gale says guiltily. "I guess they were, but I didn't think they'd be used like that." "It's not your fault." "Yeah…right…" I tell Gale about our great escape from the mansion and our search for Effie's parents, giving him the phone number to her flat and telling him to have Katniss call me when she's awake. Gale wishes us luck, then hangs up. "Now what?" Effie asks, biting her nails anxiously. "Turn on the TV, there's bound to be some kind of emergency broadcast still playing. The broadcast I had seen earlier has been updated, now listing the sites of all the evac centers in the Capitol. Effie grabs a piece of paper and pen from her kitchen and I quickly jot the names and addresses of the centers so that we can look up the phone numbers later. A telephone number has been given for family members who fear their loved ones are deceased, and I write it down, just in case. She eyes the number on the list with growing despair. "Is there any point in calling the other shelters if they could be…" I hear the unspoken 'dead' as she's unable to speak it aloud. While I don't want to give Effie false hope by starting at the top of the list and working out way down, I also don't want to steal whatever hope she has left. "Do you want to call, or do you want me to?" "I can't." She whispers shakily, her eyes full of tears again. I nod and pick up the phone, dialing the number with a less than steady hand. "Names of presumed deceased?" A nasally sounding woman asks by way of greeting. "Doss, Kestia, and Deora Trinket." I tell her, reaching over to grasp Effie's hand. "One moment." I can feel my heart thudding in my chest as I wait to hear the fate of these people I've never met but have suddenly become very important to me. Effie is shaking next to me, tears at the ready in her eyes. The seconds tick by agonizingly slow and I realize I'm holding my breath as the woman comes back on the line. "Confirmed dead: Doss Trinket, Kestia Trinket, Deora Trinket. Anyone else, sir?" The words wash over me like a numbing agent and I feel the phone fall from my hand as I sit in shock. "No…" I hear Effie's weak protest to the news she can only assume to be true. "No! No! NO!" Effie shrieks at the top of her lungs, throwing herself back on the couch as she howls the most heart-wrenching cries I've ever heard. She's pounding her fists weakly against anything she can—the couch, the coffee table, herself—and I grab her wrists and pull her upright. She's as limp as a ragdoll as she sobs, completely devastated by the loss of her family and I wrap my arms around her tightly, for once knowing exactly how she feels. I know there's nothing I could possibly say to make her feel better, so I simply hold her and let her cry. Effie loses her voice long before the tears dry up, but after what feels like several hours, she's finally reduced to silent hiccups. She's curled up in my arms, her head against my chest, and I can feel how mentally, physically and emotionally drained she is. My lips brush the top of her head in a gentle kiss as I slide one arm behind her knees and the other behind her back, lifting her up from the couch. I carry Effie towards what I'm sure is the bedroom and gently lay her down on the bed. Her face is blotching from crying, nose wet and red to match her eyes. Even like this, I wouldn't call Effie hideous. There is a faraway look in her eyes; a vacant, unblinking stare that worries and wounds me. I feel completely helpless. As I pull back to leave her in peace, her fingers catch my sleeve, and a very hoarse whisper escapes her lips. "Stay." TBC Aven is of English origin, meaning "mountain avens." An aven is a plant with white, yellow, or reddish flowers. Since Mrs. Everdeen's parents ran the apothecary in the Merchant area of District 12, I figured they would have given her a name from nature—as she and Mr. Everdeen seem to have carried on the tradition with Katniss and Primrose.