body. One of Johanna's hands came up and held her own, entwining their fingers as the sucking inside her got more furious and faster. And then suddenly, release. Actual, physical, mind-blowing release. Her hips bucked against her own thoughts and Johanna's name breathed out from her lips as Johanna's tongue stroked her clit with care as she brought her down from orgasm. Her legs began to shake like she had been running too hard and Johanna kissed them too, her hand never leaving Katniss's. Her entire body felt warm and relaxed. All of her hairs were standing on end but she had never in her life felt so calm. She watched Johanna lift herself up and wipe her mouth on the inside of her shirt in a move that for a reason Katniss did not know, made her perversely turned on. Johanna settled next to her in the same way she always did when they slept together. But this time she traced Katniss's exposed skin with her fingertips and placed small kisses on her shoulder. Katniss could feel Johanna's muscles twitching like they were short-circuiting electrical pulses. It suddenly occurred to her that Johanna was probably needing release as well. Katniss rolled on to her side which forced Johanna on to her back and she looked down at her. As if she could read her mind, Johanna smirked. "You don't need to do anything. I told you. I thought I could help you relax. You don't owe me anything." Katniss smiled at her and this time it was she that moved hair from Johanna's face; a few curls that managed to grow long enough to fold over her forehead. "And if I want to?" Johanna raised an eyebrow. "I wouldn't stop you." Emboldened Katniss leaned down and kissed Johanna passionately. Her teeth scraped against her lips as she tasted herself on Johanna's tongue and felt a strange combination of turned on and grossed out. But her desire for the woman beneath her overcame that feeling and she moved her hand beneath the waist of Johanna's pants to find Johanna soaking wet at her touch. Katniss groaned into the kiss as her fingers slid against her slick folds. She didn't know what she was doing but by Johanna's tiny intakes of breath she knew she was doing something pleasurable. Johanna's hand came to rest on hers and she put her index finger and middle finger above Katniss's and pushed them inside her. Now it was Katniss's turn to gasp as she felt the warm of Johanna's walls clenching around her fingers. "Oh...wow," she breathed out as she moved her fingers in and out of Johanna's center, feeling the girl push her hips against her in perfect rhythm. Her lips moved to Johanna's neck as she kissed her softly and continued to push inside the other girl. This felt almost better than before. Johanna's worried expression was completely gone, replaced with an 'o' shaped mouth of perfectly pink lips and eyes fluttered in pleasure. God, she was so warm and tight against her fingers that Katniss closed her own eyes and focused entirely on the action of fucking Johanna. Not really fucking, though. This felt much deeper than two friends getting each other off. She wanted Johanna to release her worries, too. To show her that she cared about the other girl. That she was sorry for what happened to her. That for reasons outside of her grasp, she wanted her badly. She saw Johanna's fingers go to the top of her folds and rub her clit in slow movements as Katniss curled her fingers against her walls. Johanna's hand shot up from the side of the bed and wrapped in Katniss's hair, tugging on it rather painfully. Then she was treated to two sensations she would never forget: the feeling of Johanna's walls pulsing and clenching tightly in orgasm against her fingers, the wetness soaking her hand; and the sound of her name as Johanna's groaned it lowly almost directly into her ear. Johanna's head thumped against the mattress, missing the pillow, as she blinked rapidly. Katniss tried to, as unobtrusively as possible, wipe her hand on the bedsheet. She snuggled into Johanna's side and wrapped her arm around her waist. She thought she'd feel cold, still with no clothes on, but she was inescapably warm. If she was the girl on fire, Johanna was the spark. Johanna's breathing slowed down considerably as they moved back into their normal positions; Johanna behind Katniss, holding her around her middle with her lips pressed to her neck. She pulled the blankets up around them and they settled into each other and began to fall asleep. "Is this going to be weird now?" Johanna whispered, and Katniss could feel her eyelashes fluttering against her neck. "Between us?" Katniss questioned and she felt Johanna nod. "Why? Is it weird for you?" "No," she began, "but I'm not the one with the hometown honey and the boyfriend who thinks I'm a mutt." Katniss sighed. She must have tensed up without knowing because Johanna began to move away from her. Katniss grabbed Johanna by the wrist and wrapped her around her stomach tightly. "Where are you going?" "If you don't want me to stay, it's okay. I won't be offended. I'm a big girl." Katniss rolled her eyes and then rolled over her body so she was nose to nose with Johanna. She found that Johanna was much more honest when she was forced to make eye contact. "I want you to stay. Will you stay?" And then she said the one word that made Katniss's heart feel like it was being filled with helium but also completely shattered inside her chest. One word that would complicate the rest of her life. Though it didn't erase the deliriously warm and calm feeling inside her body, it certainly didn't help her sleep. But to hear it from Johanna's lips, sleepy and earnest, was completely surreal. " Always ."