her own gray eyes she saw Johanna. Johanna tossed the bow haphazardly on the floor and held out her forearm. "Yeah, brainless, I know. I can read." She rolled her eyes and brushed passed Katniss to make her way toward the meeting room. She had never been allowed to attend these meetings so on the inside, she was a little pumped. She realized quickly there was no reason to be pumped. These meetings were as dry as wallpaper paste and Johanna quickly fell asleep in her chair, her boots propped up on the meeting table. "Katniss!" she heard someone whisper and she groggily opened her eyes and looked around for the Mockingjay. Oh wait, that's me. Johanna looked over at Haymitch. "Hm?" He leaned forward, pale blue eyes wide. "President Coin asked you a question." His look screamed 'What the hell is wrong with you?' but Johanna ignored him and turned to Coin. "I'm sorry, what was the question?" Johanna's voice sounded low and weird. Katniss's voice, rather. She'd have to get used to that noise. And she felt taller, it was weird. President Coin raised her eyebrow and pursed her thin lips. "I asked, Miss Everdeen, if you had any questions regarding the plan for the newest set of propos. We think Finnick Odair and Annie Cresta's wedding is the perfect opportunity." Johanna smiled. The wedding! She had nearly forgotten in her recent quest to make Katniss miserable. How far she and Finnick had come to a point where he could safely marry Annie? It felt like only yesterday they were sharing one last glass of wine before going into the Quell, and toward their certain deaths. "I think that sounds perfect. Actually, have you guys thought about letting Brea-" Johanna cleared her throat. "Letting Peeta make the wedding cake?" Coin and Haymitch shared a surprised look and Johanna shrugged. "I mean, he's the baker, right? Maybe it would help him. Be therapeutic or some shit." Did Katniss say shit? Probably not, Johanna thought, but oh well. She said it now. Coin nodded, a look of ..was that impressed? on her face. "I think that's a great idea. I'll have Haymitch discuss it with his doctors. You're dismissed, Miss Everdeen." "Yeah? That was it? Wow." Haymitch shot Johanna a look but she chose to ignore him and left the room without saying goodbye to anyone. She wandered back to her compartment where Katniss was fast asleep. Or well, herself. She watched for a few moments as her own chest rose and fell and began to feel... weird. Emotions creeped inside her brain as she looked down at herself. Guilt. A surprising feeling of anticipation, like standing on a ledge. Those didn't feel like her own emotions, they felt alien. With a shrug she went into the bathroom, staring at herself in the mirror. Staring at Katniss. She stretched her face a few times; smiling, frowning, scowling. Katniss looked much prettier when she smiled. Though with what her life had been like the last two years, it's no wonder that she didn't. Without much thought she stripped off her shirt, looking down at the tanned skin. She had always been so pale it was unsettling to see her skin so darkened. She pulled off her pants and underwear, unclasped her bra and stood in front of the mirror, totally nude. Finally Johanna thought to herself. Katniss was such a prude. And why? Johanna moved her body to the side, looking at her stomach, her arms, her breasts. "Shit Twelve, you're kinda hot," Johanna muttered to herself approvingly. She had always found Katniss attractive but never like this. She took a look at her hair, slightly disheveled and frowned. She should probably bathe. She turned on the faucet of the tub and let the warm water fill the white bowl. Normally being this close to water would freak her out, but Katniss's body was so calm. Katniss hadn't gone through her torture. She wondered how much of that was inside her brain, and how much of that was just her entire body's knee-jerk reaction. Johanna settled into the tub, tensing her body as the water hit her every pore. It was a little nerve-wracking, but it wasn't as bad as it was when she was inside her own skin. That was something she wasn't looking forward to when Beetee solved this problem. For now though, as she scrubbed her skin with the soap they provided, she could enjoy a warm bath. When she stepped out of the bathroom with the towel wrapped around underneath her arms she was immediately slapped in the face. "What the fuck?" she said as she recoiled, about to strike back when she realized she was looking at herself. But the indignant anger in her eyes was all Katniss. "You ...you..." "I took a bath, Everdeen, calm down." Katniss widened her eyes at hearing her own voice call herself Everdeen. "You were kinda ripe." Johanna watched amusedly as Katniss made her face contort into offense. She wasn't sure the last time she had actually even been offended. "You..you had to do something weird! This is bizarre enough without you in there and me thinking about..." "About what?" Johanna challenged, raising an eyebrow. "About me seeing you naked?" Johanna asked in a scandalized voice. "It's not like you have anything I don't have. And besides," Johanna said, brushing passed her, "you're pretty hot." Katniss was momentarily stunned but then she growled in frustration and stormed out of the compartment, slamming the door behind her. Quickly Johanna changed into pajamas and sat on her bed, folding her arms under her head. So far, pretending to be the Mockingjay had been pretty easy. She didn't know what Katniss was always complaining about. Author's note: I hope this isn't too confusing. If Johanna is speaking, it's Johanna inside Katniss. If Katniss is speaking, it's Katniss inside Johanna. Clear? This is gonna be a fun one! Let me know what you think!