with the careers, the two from district one (a boy who likes to inflict as much pain upon any tribute he can find before leaving them to die alone and a girl who giggles as she slits the little boy form two's throat) and the tall girl from two. The careers hunt well, until they don't. And then there are nine tributes left, and they turn. The boy from one-Annie doesn't remember his name, and doesn't really want to-waits until two has stabbed his district partner before cutting her down. Then he turns around, and throws the axe he's used for every kill. It spins oh-so-prettily in the air, catching the sunlight beautifully, and she watches it hit its mark. Then something clicks, something is wrong, something snaps, and breaks inside her. And then a boy's head rolls to her feet. Dimly, she hears screaming, and it takes her a while to realize that she's the one making the noise. What happened to Nolan? She wonders, before giggling. How could she forget? Nolan lost his head. If she looks down she'll see that his pretty eyes are dim now. But she doesn't look down. She runs faster than she's ever run before, and when she can't runner any longer, she collapses on the cold ground and drags herself behind a rock. She stays there for one, two, three days before a parachute drifts down beside her, and still she doesn't notice the food right beside her hand or the gnawing hunger in her stomach. All she can feel is emptiness, a hole inside her, and she's not sure what it was caused by, but she knows it was bad. Another day passes, and that's when the water comes. It floods into the arena from the west side, opposite Annie, and with dull eyes she watches it come towards her in a huge waves. When it reaches her, she feels the air go out of her body and then she floats up to the surface. Boom! She splashes, and remembers playing in the water what seems like years ago. Boom! Hours pass, and she floats on her back, watching the sky. In the arena, the sky is always red no matter what time, and so she closes her eyes so she won't have to see it. The color reminds her too much of something- something bad, something red and hurting and it's on the tip of her tongue- Boom! "The Victor of the seventieth Hunger Games, Annette Cresta!" Annie opens her eyes and watches something descend form above her. "It's just Annie. Not Annette." Nolan's the only one allowed to call me that. 7. It takes her over a month to remember what happened on the day that the Nolan died, and it takes even longer for her to fathom that he's really gone. She doesn't get out of bed for weeks after she remembers, even though the only thing she ever dreams about is him-well, his head. 8. Annie's family move in with her. Her mom and dad and Ethan, all sharing her nice new house. Even her grandmother takes over the space in front of the fireplace because they want to be as close to her as possible. Maybe, they all hope, it will help her. Every day when they go out to fish, Ethan will take her hand and lead her down with them so that they can sit with their legs in the water and pick up the prettiest shells they can find. But then when her parents are out on The Marie, something happens. A freak fire on the little boat and it sinks. Her parents sink with the boat and after that, Annie doesn't go near the sea any more. 9. The 'madness', the as the people in town say, that has overcome her is like a wave that washed over her the minute Nolan stopped breathing. It's like the sea, filling up her lungs so that she can't breathe and all she can feel is pain and confusion, and it never goes away. As though she lay down on the beach and the tide came in right over her and it never went out. She dreams of Nolan still, and of the other dead children. She killed four, and she hears their screams in her head. They scream so loud that she can't hear herself think, so she covers her ears to block them out and when that doesn't work she screams loud enough that the voice she can hear is her own. When Annette hears her granddaughter screaming in the middle of the night, she gets up and walks to Annie's room. She holds the sobbing girl until she falls back asleep before going to make herself some tea. "That girl." She says to herself as she pours the hot water. "She's had enough woe for a life time, our Annie. Our sweet little Wednesday girl." 10. He knocks on the door the next day, the tall man with the bronze hair, and Annette thinks that he must have been born on a Monday, because no one has a fairer face than Finnick Odair. "Hello," he says. "I was Annie's mentor before the Games and I was wondering if I could see her. Just to, uh, see how she's doing." Annette smiles then because Wednesday's child may be full of woe like her poor granddaughter, but it's a Sunday, her favorite day of the week and the sky is blue and if Finnick Odair is someone who might help Annie, who's she to turn him away? "She's upstairs," Annette says, and in her bedroom Annie watches for the millionth time as her best friend dies. She stares up at the white ceiling and just for a moment, it looks red. Then Finnick Odair opens her door, and the tide comes out. (It will come back in eventually of course, but it always does. And just for now, maybe , she can feel okay).