a cliff, screaming. Then Corah's announced the winner, she's crowned the victor and the screen goes dark. Corah is sobbing quietly by the end of this. "You know what, I think that's enough for one day. This must be pretty overwhelming for you," blubbers Corah over Cassandra's objections. I get the feeling that that wasn't directed at me. "We wanted you to see how Corah outsmarted the Careers by being resourceful and waiting for them to destroy themselves so she only had to fight one at the end. If you can outlast the others, you'll stand a chance." I hadn't realized how much time has passed, but now that I look out the window, I see that night is approaching quickly. My stomach rumbles in annoyance, so I escape to the dining cart to find Florentina filing her strawberry-pink nails as she's watching some sort of Capitol game show. "Ah, Alyssa! I've been worried about you! Mentors working you hard, are they? I'm sorry, but you've missed dinner. You'll just have to share what's left with Kosynne. I would have called you but… Cassandra made it very clear that you're not to be disturbed." Florentina says this last sentence extra sourly. I take up a seat opposite Kosynne. We ignore each other and eat in silence. I'm afraid this will become a regular thing between us. Pretending we don't exist. Then again, that's already what we did to one another back in 5. All of the dishes have been uncovered and I'm overwhelmed once more by the sheer amount of food sitting on the table. The table seems to defy physics and remain standing despite the mountains of food – and this isn't even properly dinner. I help myself to several paper-thin slices of honey-roasted ham, cranberry jelly and a thick, creamy risotto with small flakes of sort of earthy, black fungus that I've never seen before. "They're truffles! Aren't they marvellous?" Florentina announces after I ask her what they are. There are several foods that I don't recognize and I get the feeling that Florentina is about to show off her knowledge about the good life in the Capitol. "And you see, those little black balls are called caviar! We import it from District 4. Oh, and Alyssa, this is called a mango, you'll fall in love with it, mark my words! It's simply divine with passionfruit as gelato or parfait. Look Alyssa, they've even set out some chocolate!" she says, pointing to a large bowl of muddy brown glop that I'm very distrusting of to start with. I sample it cautiously and decide that this is what liquid sunshine must taste like. However, I'm not sure how to eat it, so I just spoon it into a mug and end up drinking it. Florentina resumes her inane babble with words that I've never heard of before, like 'ganache', 'bechamel' and 'tortellini'. Later, Kosynne and I join Florentina on the soft, fuzzy sofa to watch the recap of the Reapings. My heart is thumping in anxiety. Both tributes from District 1 are volunteers, and I notice that the girl is unbelievably and almost impossibly beautiful, with long blonde hair and large, green eyes. The boy from 2 is also a volunteer and looks like he is made entirely of muscle. The girl from 3 has to be ripped from her mother's arms by Peacekeepers when she is reaped. Then there's me, looking stiff but… sly, cunning even. I wasn't even trying to do that. Then there's two almost identical-looking girls from 6 & 7 and a girl whose name is Demetria Roggen from District 9 who Kosynne jokingly points out looks very similar to me. I don't like it. Then there's a crippled boy from 10, a small, fairy-like, twelve-year-old girl from 11, and her huge, hulking, ox-like district partner who reminds me of Cassandra. Finally, there's another twelve-year old from District 12. No, wait. Someone's volunteered for her, her sister, I think. What did her escort call her? Catnip? Strange name. I can't help but feel a twinge of sadness towards Catnip. The girl who has to die to save her sister. If only I could have done that to save Volt. Finally, her partner is reaped and the recaps end. "Oh, how delightful! I always love the Reapings! You get to see all the tributes for the first time!" Florentina declares excitedly. She suddenly notices me clutching the half-empty mug of chocolate. "No! No! No!" she screams, causing me to retract in fright like when you sneak up on a cat. "You never drink chocolate sauce! That's what hot chocolate is for! Chocolate sauce is for strawberries or marshmallows or ice-cream." Florentina dunks a fluffy pink sponge into my mug and presses it between by lips. "Yes, that's right! Simply mouth-watering aren't they?" I force myself to nod and smile. I don't know what I've just eaten, but it reminds me of the frilly pink dress that the gorgeous girl from 1 wore for her Reaping outfit. Silly, bland and girly. Plus, they've ruined the flavour of the chocolate. "Would you like some hot chocolate, Kosynne? I was just about to get some for Alyssa," Florentina asks. She pours some hot chocolate for us. Volt's father says it's what the children in the Capitol and District 1 drink before they go to bed. Florentina serves us the warm, watery, pale brown liquid. I find it thin and bland. I'm not feeling so good after all that sumptuous food, so I retire to my room, ignoring Florentina's goodnight and marvelling at the softness of the bed and the sheer size. I strip off my reaping dress and throw on some pale, silk pyjamas that have been laid out for me. Then I snuggle up in the covers and a year's worth of tears comes spilling out of me. I cry because I know that no matter what Cassandra or Corah or Florentina say, I will never come home.