hook it up to the stereo. I turn it to DMB and hit shuffle. "It's weird being back in Maine," Katniss breaks the silence on the highway. "Yeah," I agree. "I haven't been back in almost three months." "It's been longer for me. Almost a year and a half," she reveals. "And last time I came I didn't even go back to Panem. I just stayed with Prim in Portland." "I went back up there but I didn't see my family," I tell her. "I just spent some time at our house on Flagstaff, decompressing." "They're going to be pretty surprised when you show up with a wife, huh?" She jokes. "That's putting it mildly. I know my brothers and my dad are going to be really happy. They were getting worried about me I think." I can see she wants to ask, but she struggles not to, so I help her out. "My mom won't be happy." "Why not?" She quietly asks. "Because she's never happy with me," I shrug. "Oh Peeta," she whispers. "Baby I'm sorry." She keeps one hand on the wheel and cradles my cheek with the other, comforting me instantly. "It's okay. I'm used to it." "You shouldn't have to be okay with a mother who treats you like this," she says firmly, with conviction. "I mean, I have mother issues too, but, but-" "Your mother never hit you," I finish. She nods sadly. "Katniss I don't want to sound mean, but your mother didn't treat you all that well either in the end. We both have issues, sure, but at least we'll face them head-on together, right?" "Right," she confirms. "And you're spot-on about my mom. Trust me, I know. But no matter how horrible the things my mother did are, I always knew she loved me." She looks like she regrets the words the second they leave her mouth, but she's really actually right. "I'm sorry Peeta," she quickly amends. "I didn't mean that." "No, it's okay," I reply. "I've told you about what she used to say to me, do to me. I've known for a long time that my mother never loved me. Maybe, once, but no longer. I've accepted it for what it is and what it isn't." "Baby I really want to talk about this more, but we're here." She points out the windshield and I notice we've arrived at Maine Medical. "Thanks. It's helping me talk about it." "It helps me too honey," she nods as she pulls into an empty spot. "Come on, let's go surprise Prim." I glance at the column nearby to memorize where we parked so we don't get lost leaving, then take Katniss' hand as we stroll happily to the entrance to the ER. "Welcome to Maine Medical. How may I assist you today?" The receptionist, an older, kind-looking woman, asks when we step up to the desk. "Hi, we're here to see my sister, Dr. Everdeen?" Katniss answers. "Sure. Please have a seat and I'll page the doctor." She motions to some chairs nearby. We sit and Katniss leans her head on my shoulder, sighing happily. She looks relaxed except for her leg, which is bouncing up and down frantically. I know it's her tell that she's nervous, anxious. "Nervous?" I tease quietly. "Shut up," she grins. "You know me too well sometimes." "Well I am your husband." "Oh, so that's why I continually find you on top of me?" "You've finally figured it out. Bravo, bravo." "Keep teasing and you'll find the other side of the bed cold tonight," she warns jokingly. "I thought we already established this back on Everest. You can't resist me, not even for ten minutes." "Oh, so we're just going to forget that it was actually me that seduced you that day?" She grins. "You're one devious woman, Katniss Mellark." "I got you to marry me, didn't I?" She smirks and gives me a kiss. "KATNISS!" I hear a loud female voice yell from across the waiting room. Both our heads snap towards the sound. I see a thin, blonde, good-looking young woman in a white doctor's coat striding purposefully towards us. It takes me a moment to realize that it's Prim. I haven't seen her since she was a kid. "Prim!" Katniss replies just as loud, hopping out of her seat and running to her sister, enveloping her in a hug. I just sit there and watch them reunite, happy to see Katniss so happy. "Prim, I want you to meet my husband. Well, re-meet him I guess," Katniss leads her to me. I stand up to greet her. I stick my hand out but she ignores it, instead plowing into me and almost knocking me over, wrapping her arms around me tightly. "Hi, Prim," I eke out, her arms sucking the breath out of my lungs. "Peeta! It's so good to see you!" She excitedly exclaims. "Come on, let's go get something to eat. I want to hear everything ." A/N: So there you have it. The first chapter of the sequel to 'Top Of The World'. I hope you enjoyed it. There's obviously much more to come. Look forward to, in no particular order, their wedding, meeting the families (including both mothers), reuniting with their friends, finding out what happened to Gale and what he's up to, meeting Jon Krakauer and the article about them, designing their dream home, their honeymoon, and much, much more. If you have any thoughts, ideas, or suggestions for this story please don't hesitate to let me know! I read every review and respond to every PM. Or try to, at least. In case you were wondering, the title of this story, 'Not All Who Wander Are Lost', is a quote from one of my favorite books, 'The Hobbit', by J.R.R. Tolkein. It's a pretty common saying among outdoors people as well. Thanks for reading and reviewing. I hope this story is as well received as it's prequel!