the knife and plunged it into Katniss's chest. Cutting open the already gaping wound Cato cut till it was big enough that he could fit his hand in. Finished cutting Cato reached into Katniss's now dead body and pulled her heart from her chest. "Do you think my prize will like his gift? Everyone knows he wanted her heart, now he can have it." Cato's prize didn't take his gift as well as he had hoped, screaming behind the gag and crying as he realized whose heart it was. Cato didn't dwell on it, tossing Katniss's heart into the fire. Now that the person he wanted dead the most was gone, Cato and the others spent their time going off, finding and killing the others that were there. Returning every few hours to make sure what was his was exactly where he had left it. Lucky for Cato they had some real competition, and everyone but him, the redhead, and the big dark guy were all that was left. BOOM. Scratch that just him and one of the others. And his prize of course. Go to them? Or let them come to me? Looking over at his sleeping companion Cato chose to go to them. Waiting till nightfall he wanted to see who was left, seeing that it was the big guy, Thresh, Cato looked over into the tall grass that Thresh had gone into at the beginning of the games and hadin't been seen since. Making sure the knots were tight Cato closed the tent and took off into the grass, sword in hand. Looking down at the cut that spanned the length of his arm Cato decided it wasn't that bad, and shook off the pain as he walked back to the tent, eager to take his prize and be out of this place. As they were pulled up into the hovercraft Peeta couldn't help but shiver in fear, the one hope he had was that he wouldn't make it out, that he died and wouldn't have to live with him winning. If he had died in the arena it would all be over, but now, it would never be over. They took off the ropes that had bound him for weeks, only to put these metal cuffs on his wrists, leaving his legs free so he could walk. They then separated them once they got back to the city, but only till they were cleaned up and ready to show off the winner and his prize. Not wanting to let his prize go Cato protested, but let Peeta go once they came to an understanding, that no one was to physically touch Peeta, at all. They gave Peeta a light blue suit to wear, it was so thin it was practically see through. Not that Peeta was allowed to complain, or refuse. Without touching him they got Peeta dressed and had walked him to the waiting area behind the stage till the signal for the crowing of the winner ceremony was to start. "Show begins in 5... 4... 3... 2... 1... go!" And with that Peeta was lead to the edge of the stage. "We have a very special show for you tonight. Now normally we just have the winner to crown at this point, but this year our winner made it very clear on the first night that he would be taking a prize home with him at the end, that he would win and take what he wanted. Now many of us had hoped Cato would get what he wanted, but many have tried to do this and few have succeeded. Yet against these odds Cato has won, and he gets to take his prize, Peeta, home. Give a round of applause for this year's winner Cato!... Have a seat. Now what everyone wants to know, why Peeta? What is it about him that has caught your eye?" "Well when I first saw Peeta in the recap, I couldn't take my eyes off him. It was like nothing I've ever felt, and I don't know how to describe it, but I knew then and there I had to have him. It wasn't till the night of the chariots when I saw Peeta in person that I knew it was more than I had thought, that I couldn't imagine winning without him by my side." "How fascinating. Now tell me how did it make you feel when Peeta said those things about her?" "It made me very angry, but I couldn't hold it against him, Peeta obviously didn't know what he was talking about. Either way it doesn't matter any more, she's gone, I've won, and he's all mine." "That's good, nice attitude about it. Well how would you like to see your prize?" "I think I could handle it." "Here he is, our winner's prize, Peeta!" Forced into the stage Peeta walked towards Cato each step more difficult than the last. Before Peeta could walk to Cato he rushed forward and pulled Peeta into a dominating kiss. Showing everyone who he belonged to. "Now come on, don't tease us like that. Showing off." Getting them to sit down Caesar continued talking. "Now that everyone is here give a big hand for the man in charge, the man who will crown our victor and give Cato a special something for his prize... President Snow!... The winner has now been crowned. On to the special surprise." Pulling out a box from behind him Caesar handed it over. Opening it Peeta's heart almost stopped as he looked down upon a collar. It was two inches tall and not very thick, but hard metal and strong looking. Peeta's hands could help but shake as Cato reached into the box and pulled it out, he wanted to step away, run away, but he knew it wouldn't help. It would just make it worse, so Peeta stood their as the cold metal was placed round his neck, and locked. THE END