He then gives equal attention to her left breast. He kisses his way back up her chest, clavicle, neck, and jaw before finding her mouth. He lays her across the mat before going to help her remove her tight yoga pants. As he eases them over her hips and down her legs he says, "You have no idea how much looking at you in these pants has completely tortured me." Katniss whispers, "I think I have some idea." He eases the pants off her body and begins kissing his way up the inside of her left leg. As he gets close to her juncture, he brushes his fingers through the short crop of trimmed curls and whispers, "Open your legs a little wider for me." Her knees fall further open. He carefully pulls apart her folds and looks at her as he drags his tongue through her slit. She arches her back. His tongue quickly finds her clit and circles it enticingly. He inserts first one then two fingers into her and begins to pump. She rocks her hips toward his mouth as he begins sucking on her bundle of nerves causing her to cry out. It's not long before spasms overtake her and she comes crashing down. She's catching her breath when she says, "Now your turn. I need you in me." He licks his lips before giving her a kiss. She can taste herself on him. "Just a moment. I need to go get something." He gets up and walks out of the room returning just moments later with a square packet in his hands. He removes his tank top and goes to start removing his pants. Katniss sits up and says, "Let me." She helps him step out of his pants as she kneels in front of him. She takes the condom from his hand and puts it aside as she turns back to gently grasp his firm cock. She gathers some of her own moisture on her hand and then begins gliding it up and down his length. She sees his eyes roll back as he groans. With her other hand, she gently massages his ball sack. Seeing that his eyes are closed she licks her lips before taking the head of his cock into her mouth. Peeta's eyes immediately fly open. She bobs her head a few times matching the rhythm of her hand before removing her mouth and lathing the tip with her tongue. She then licks the length again before bringing him back to her mouth. "Oh, Katniss. As much as I love this, it's going to be over pretty quick if we don't…" he ends with a groan. She pops him out of her mouth and grins, grasping the packet and tearing it open. She pinches the tip of the condom and gently rolls it down his length. He then sits down in front of her and she climbs onto his lap, easing herself over his erection. They start with a slow steady rhythm that quickly loses control. "I'm so close," he murmurs. She reaches between and rubs her clit, sending her over the edge. He immediately follows. Once she catches her breath, she carefully removes herself. He whispers that he'll be right back and heads for the bathroom. When he returns he pulls her into his arms and she rests her head over his heart. "Okay, my friend Jo was definitely right. She said taking yoga would be the best thing that happened to me." Katniss feels the hand stroking her arm stop and feels laughter rumbling in Peeta's chest. She looks at him. "What?" "Confession time?" She notices the gleam in his eyes, but squints as she says, "You are making me nervous." "I know Jo. She's a friend and has taken classes here. Several months ago, she kept trying to convince me to come out with her. She had this friend named Katniss she wanted me to meet. I hate set-ups so of course I always begged off. Knowing what I know about you, I assume you hate set-ups too?" "She knows better than to even try that with me," Katniss agrees. "Wait, so you think she convinced me to take yoga to meet you?" "To give her credit, she does love it, but you weren't initially the yoga type. She knows I like to convert people. Yeah, I think this was part of her evil plan." "That brat!" Katniss laughs. She then eases herself up and gives Peeta a slow kiss. "She's going to gloat about this forever." "Yep." She eases back down to rest against his chest once more. "Funny, she was so interested when I told her about my private sessions." She shakes her head. "Well no more private sessions for you, but I'd like to take you on a proper date tomorrow." She smiles, "I'll allow it." Katniss kisses his chest and looks up into his eyes as she blows across his nipple. She teases, "It would be a shame if the private sessions completely went away. Perhaps you could teach me about the art of tantra." "Come here," he growls as he pulls her up and rolls her on her back before meeting her lips in another kiss. A/N I hope you enjoyed this. Please let me know what you think. It was fun to write about YogaInstructor!Peeta. After I finish my current WIP A Dense Mask I plan on exploring him further by telling this story through a multi-chapter fic from his POV. I wrote this as part of the Write-Me-A-Story Hunger Games Challenge. Please check out the other works at .com. Thank you to Jeeno for betaing this story. If you'd like more information about my fanfiction please visit my tumblr: dispatchesfromdistrict7 The characters are the property of the amazing Suzanne Collins and do not belong to me. You probably also have noticed I'll occasionally weave in one of the famous lines from her novels. Those totally belong to Ms. Collins too.