mixing up with the myth that diamonds come from coal. However, it was the thought that counted and no one had the heart to correct Effie for her mistake. "Oh thank you my darling. I love you very much. Now Katniss, what do you have to say to me." Katniss paused. She was often uncomfortable expressing herself in words, as she'd rather show her love through action. She wanted to say something clever, something that expressed her deep devotion for her father. She looked around the table at the expectant faces, and then at the food in front of them, when an idea popped into her head. "Papa, I love you like venison loves salt." Katniss smiled at Theron, her love for her father shining through her eyes. Unfortunately, her words blinded Theron. His face darkened before turning red. He was silent for several moments before he finally said, "How could I have been so deceived? To have such an ungrateful daughter. You have insulted me." Katniss froze at the coldness in her father's voice. She did not understand how he could have misunderstood her. She tried to interrupt, "But Papa." "Enough out of you. I want you out of this house." "Papa, please listen to me." Katniss insisted. Theron stood up abruptly. "You have ten minutes to gather your things and leave. I have provided a roof over your head and this is the love you show me." Theron marched out of the room. Katniss sat at the table stunned. Effie was crying off to the side. Prim walked around the table to her sister to give her a hug. None at the table could understand what had just happened, as they all knew that Katniss loved her father deeply. Theron did occasionally exhibit a temper but never with his girls. With a shaky breath Effie advised, "You better go tonight. I'm sure your father will calm down tomorrow. He clearly did not understand what you meant. Honestly I'm not sure either, but I know you love your father." Suddenly the butler entered the dining room. "I'm sorry Miss Katniss, but your father said I was to escort you out of the house within the next ten minutes." "Katniss, we must hurry and get your things," Prim insisted as helped pull out the chair, assisting Katniss in standing. Prim grasped her hand and pulled her out of the dining room, down the hall and up the stairs. As they entered her suite, Katniss finally managed to unfreeze, looking around the room frantically. She had no idea what to take with her. Prim told her she would be right back and ran out of the room. Katniss walked over to her closet and grabbed her leather jacket putting it on. She then slung her quiver of arrows over her back and grabbed her bow. She hoped she would be returning on the morrow, but just in case, this was what she wanted to keep. She heard her door open and expected to see Prim's return, but it was the butler. "It is time." He walked over to her. He was going to take her arm to guide her gently out of her home but Katniss shook her head at him. She lifted her chin, looked straight ahead and walked out of her suite, down the spiral staircase into the main hall. She had just reached the door when Prim came barreling down the stairs. "Katniss. Wait." Prim ran into her arms, hugging her tight. Prim pushed a small coin purse into her hand. "No, Prim I can't." "Yes, you can. Besides you can give it back to me tomorrow." "I love you Prim, don't forget that." Suddenly Katniss, found herself being escorted out the front door and through the main gate. She did not know where she was going to go. The most important people to Katniss were her family. She did not make friends easily. Her station in the Capitol meant that she had many acquaintances but not true friends. Katniss walked to the part of town where it was common for people to be out all night partying. There was safety in numbers. She didn't converse with anyone. Occasionally people gave her strange looks, sometimes due to the fierce expression she held, other times due to her strange state of dress. It wasn't common for people to see a woman in an evening dress armed with a bow. She just walked and rehashed what had happened. She didn't understand how her father could have so grossly misunderstood. She felt betrayed. She also felt lonely. Life in the Capitol provided many material goods, but she missed the people she knew back in District 12. People like Madge, the mayor's daughter who sat with her at lunch and partnered with her in school. There was also a boy that she remembered. Peeta Mellark. They had become friends when he brought her bread after her mother died. He didn't offer her the false reassurances that so many others offered about things getting better. He just became a steady, warm presence in her life. She has missed him the most since they left six years ago. Katniss walked all night. Around four in the morning, while she strolling through a park, she saw a dandelion peeking through the a couple large stones next to the path. Somehow, the gardeners had missed it. Looking at that dandelion, she came to a decision. If the gates of her father's estate were closed to her in the morning, somehow she was going back to District 12. A/N: Thank you Victorianoir for being an awesome beta and to Pookieh and Baronesskika for pre-reading. If you'd like more information about my fanfiction please visit my tumblr: dispatchesfromdistrict7 The characters are the property of the amazing Suzanne Collins and do not belong to me. You probably also have noticed I'll occasionally weave in one of the famous lines from her novels. Those totally belong to Ms. Collins too.