mused on this. She hadn't really thought about winning. Volunteering was essentially a death sentence. Before she could respond, a Peacekeeper informed them that their time was up. Johanna sighed as she hugged them good-bye. She tried to remember their smells - Aurelia of baby powder, Celadine of the wildflower she was named for, and John of wood and smoke. "Try to win," Celadine said in the soft, timid way she said everything. "Please try, 'Hanna. Please." "I'll try. I promise." After the door closed behind them, Johanna sat back down on the weird fabric-covered chair and buried her face in her hands. How long had it been since she was bagging that wild turkey in the morning? Only a few hours. Only days since she and the others had celebrated Celadine's eighth birthday. The door opened again and Johanna was surprised to see the girl walk in. Katniss. Every girl looks pretty on the day of the reaping, but Katniss's beautiful brown hair spun into the braid, her gray eyes sparkling in the sun that was coming through the window, she looked like a vision. Her eyes were reddened and puffy, probably having just said good-bye to Gale. "They let you wear something into the arena. A token from the district." She unhooked the pin from her dress and handed it to Johanna. She stopped short of putting it in her palm, deciding instead to pin it to Johanna. They were unbearably close, as Johanna could hear Katniss's heart beat and smell her, a mix of lavender and the outdoors. "Thanks." Johanna looked up with a bemused smile. "I'm sure you're not going to wish me good luck. Not with Hawthorne a door away." Katniss looked painfully toward the door, then settled her gaze on Johanna again. "I don't like owing people. But thank you." Johanna almost chuckled. Katniss had said it so slowly, like she didn't understand how to give gratitude. Johanna knew she didn't know, not really. That's why people around the Hob tolerated her, but they genuinely enjoyed Prim. Katniss could be prickly. "We'll be even as long as you help out my kids." Katniss's eyes briefly registered confusion. "Not my actual kids, brainless. My brother and my sisters. Teach John how to use the bow. He's a fast learner." Johanna smiled mildly. "He's fond of your sister." Katniss smiled back, treating Johanna to her cute dimple for the second time that day. "I noticed." "My sister Celly can help your mom with the medicines. Learn from her. And Aurelia... she's...she's only six." Johanna swallowed the lump in her throat and leveled her gaze at the girl in front of her. "Don't let them do anything to her." Suddenly she was wrapped in a hug she never expected. Katniss's lips found her ear through her hair. "It has to be someone, let it be one of you. One of you has to come back to me." Johanna pulled away hoping Katniss didn't feel the shudder of her body as she whispered in her ear. Katniss's hand was on her cheek, a rare show of affection from the reserved girl. Johanna felt at once privileged and devastated to be on the end of that affection now. Within days she'd be dead. Hopefully Gale would come home, use his winnings to take care of all of them, just like they promised. In the few seconds they stared into each other's eyes, Johanna entertained the notion that she would win. Someone else would take out Gale, and maybe she could just wait around until the tributes took care of themselves. Worked for the morphlings in 6 every so often. When she'd come back, she'd make sure Hazelle and her family were taken care of even if she tried to refuse the help. Though she wouldn't refuse; it was proud Gale who refused assistance. And Katniss... well, it's not like two women together were frowned upon. Times being what they were, a relationship that produced two working members and no children was not going to be struck down. It wasn't common, but it happened. Maybe they had a shot. Katniss's eyes took on an intensity that Johanna had never seen. Her heart palpitated in her chest as she stupidly thought she was in for a kiss. Instead Katniss just ran her fingers through Johanna's hair. "Try to make a weapon. Don't go for the Cornucopia." Johanna knew of the bloodbaths that took place on the first day when they put a cornucopia in the center of the arena, filled with weapons and provisions. It became so wildly popular that the Capitol had done it for at least five years now. "Protect each other." That's what they always swore to do. Before Johanna was forced on the periphery of their friendship, before she had to watch Gale and Katniss get closer over the years as she receded back into her family. The swift knock on the door made Katniss's face fall and Johanna found it within her to smirk. "What, no big kiss good-bye?" she taunted. Katniss's eyes looked up at her with amusement, the faint scattering of a blush on her cheeks. That was always something Johanna loved about Katniss: the purity. When Johanna and Gale would strip down their clothes and jump into the lake, Katniss would keep on her skivvies. Johanna took great pleasure in teasing her and Gale would watch, both mildly entertained and disapproving. In spite of that purity, she was still capable of a few surprising moments. "How about when you get back?" she propositioned. Johanna snorted as the Peacekeeper came in with a gruff "Time's up!" and took Johanna by the arm. "Now I have something to live for! A kiss from Katniss Everdeen!" Johanna said dramatically as she was ushered out the door. But something in her eyes, something she knew Katniss had seen by the way her smile had fallen, conveyed her seriousness. I want to come back. I want that kiss.