I assure, taking both of our plates to the dishwasher. "Now come help me pick out an outfit before I shower." I'm drying my hair when, true to his word, Finnick texts me at five 'til nine saying he was leaving the hospital with Jo and suggests the one bar I do frequent when I go out, The Hob. Unfortunately I'll be driving back towards work, but the bar is only a couple blocks from Annie's apartment and I can always crash there. I tell Finn I'll be there soon and inform him I'm bringing a friend, then let Annie know which bar we're going to. Prim tries to put me in one of her ridiculous dresses and I readily decline. I much prefer to look like a badass bitch than frilly and feminine when I go out. I agree to dark wash skinnies, a somewhat flowy black, satin top with delicate spaghetti straps, and an admittedly comfortable pair of patent black stilettos with my hair down. I paint some black liner around my eyes, smudge it up a bit, pile on the mascara, and finish off with some tinted chapstick before deeming myself ready. I nearly run into Prim on my way out of my room, and she looks me up and down and whistles. "You look hot, big sis!" she says. Her eyes widen a little upon further inspection. "Did you skip on the bra, too? You're getting scandalous." My face heats up. "You know I hate strapless bras, and there's nothing tackier than bra straps, which would show with this top. I have pasties on, okay?" Prim laughs. "Relax, Kat, I was just messing with you. You definitely have the boobs to pull off the no bra thing. Though I'm glad you went for the pasties. Better safe than sorry." She winks and slaps my ass. "Now go get 'em, Kitty Kat!" I glare at her, but end up smiling as I make sure I have my ID, some cash, a credit card, and other girl essentials before spritzing some of my favorite perfume on my neck and wrists, then I'm out the door. When I get to the bar the parking lot is pretty crowded, but I find a space close to Annie's new little VW. I get out and knock on her window, and she looks up from her phone and smiles. "Hey you," I say, embracing her once she's out of the car. "Hey," Annie replies. "How do I look? You know I don't go out enough to really get a good sense if I'm doing this right," she chuckles nervously. "Oh, and I do?" I joke. Annie is very similar to me in that we are quiet and reserved, and more often than not serious homebodies. I scan her appearance and she's as beautiful as ever, though. Texas in the middle of July is relentless at all times of the day, but our summer has been relatively mild and I'm actually comfortable in the low-90 degree temperature out here with my jeans on. Annie has gone a similar route in lighter wash high-waisted jeans, a loose and light-knit white cropped sweater that goes beautifully with her light, freckled skin, and neutral brown platform sandals. Her brown hair is down but pulled out of her face in two delicate braids pinned to the back of her head. Annie has never given herself enough credit for how beautiful she is, but her natural elegance always blows me away. "You look amazing, Annie," I tell her honestly. "Finnick will definitely agree," I add, smiling gently and a little playfully. I was nervous to tell her I essentially took the opportunity to set them up, because we both have a mutual hatred for blind dates, but this hardly counts in my opinion. Her eyes widen a little. "Finnick? You mean your gorgeous doctor friend?" she asks, her voice going up an octave. "Shit, Kat, you know how I am about this stuff!" I grasp her shoulders. "Annie, relax. I didn't mention anything about you to him. I just want you to meet him, even if nothing happens. Y'all are both some of my best friends." Annie takes a deep breath and nods. She's been single for as long as I have, and from some of the conversations we've had recently I can tell she's ready to get back out there. What kind of friend would I be if I didn't present her with this opportunity? I've never played matchmaker before, but I just have a feeling. We enter the bar and I search the room full of patrons for Finn's bedhead curls. I finally spot him with Johanna and a stranger in a semi-circle booth. I can't see the stranger's face, but he has both of my friends enraptured in whatever he is animatedly telling them. I grab Annie's hand and lead her over to the booth. "Hey y'all," I greet, sliding in next to Finn. He looks away from the man sitting on the other side of Jo when I announce our presence and grins. "This is Annie, my roommate from college. Annie this is Finn, and Jo, and…" At that moment my eyes meet the stranger's and I can't look away. I can't do anything. His eyes are so blue, almost electric, unnaturally blue. But the beautiful color isn't the only thing that has me captured. I can't even pinpoint what it is myself. We both stare at each other for a long moment until the man clears his throat and shakes his head before offering his hand to me. "Peeta. I'm Peeta." A/N: I haven't posted anything on here in forever but I couldn't get this out of my brain for months now. I'm absolutely the worst at finishing my multi chapters but I have a good deal of this written out and in my brain, so hopefully I can update every week. Hope you like it so far and please leave a review!