know we had huge crushes on each other since forever but just never really went for the whole dating thing. I mean, yeah, we've kissed. And we have talked about a relationship. But we both knew it wouldn't last. I always wanted to go to New York. He wanted to stay here and be a baker. I guess we just didn't want to start something and not finish it. We both knew what we wanted to do and it obviously wasn't the same plan. "So are you guys just hanging out here?" I ask as I turn to everyone else. "Basically." Gale answers. "Aren't you guys suppose to be working?" Peeta asks his brothers. Bannock huffs, "Rye was stalking your girlfriends car then ran out calling after her so I told dad we would see him later and ran out." "What the hell, you guys just ran out?" Finnick asks. I start laughing. "I was at a stop sign when I saw two guys running up a hill, yelling." I laugh even harder. "Rye was waving his arms around like he was drowning." Everyone starts laughing. "Katniss I don't mean to be rude but why are you dressed like an expensive hooker? Even your makeups smudged." Finnick asks. "I completely forgot about my makeup! I had a hangover when Annie called this morning-" "It was four in the afternoon!" She interrupts. "So I had to change out of my party clothes and I guess I forgot my face." I explain. "But why are you dressed like that?" He asks again. "When I was looking for clothes I realized I hadn't done laundry so I had to wear my party clothes. This is the most decent party dress I own." For the next few hours we talk like the last five years didn't happen. I talk about the city life and what I've been doing. "I basically have different friends for different activities." I say. "What do you mean 'activities'?" Peeta asks. "Like for shopping, I have some friends for that. Or if I want to go to a bar or a club or find out if there's a party somewhere, there's another group of friends for that. I even have friends that I just eat with. Isn't that weird, we literally just call each other if we want to go out to eat or if there's a new restaurant or something." I explain. "That's sort of cool." Gale says. "You wont get bored of being with the same people." I shake my head. "Sometimes I just want to be with the same people instead of separating everyone. And their just friends. Sometimes I just want my best friends, you know? Best friends that I can do anything with." "Then why didn't you just come back?" Jo asks. I hesitate to answer. "I just wanted to explore other things I guess. I mean the city life isn't bad when you have money. Trust me its definitely shit when your broke, I struggled so much for about three years and I did want to come home. I even packed and was on my way over here one time. But then I realized that I was starting from nothing. I wasn't going to get what I wanted easy so I had to try harder. I didn't want to give up." "Are you happy?" Peeta asks. I already know the answer. I've always known. I just don't want to seem like a failure so I bend the truth. "Yea. But I do get homesick a lot." Everyone just stays silent. We continue talking or a while and I realized Peeta seemed to be a little annoyed or angry at times. I'll have to talk to him alone soon. It isn't until Annie says that her parents will be home soon that I decide I should go home. "No offense, Annie, but I don't want to see your parents right now. Especially dressed like this." I say goodbye to everyone and head next door where my parents are making dinner. As soon as my mom sees me her eyes get watery and rushes to hug me, as does my dad. We have dinner and talk about my life, how New York is. How home has been. Seems like nothings changed. I go up into my bedroom. The three teal and one chalkboard painted wall reminding me of back then. I go to my chalk wall and see its exactly the way I left it and I cant help but laugh. After graduation we were all so happy and just wrote a bunch of stupid things. 'We're done with school bitches!' Is written really big with drawings and things surrounding it like, Shrek called, he wants his face back On Wednesdays we wear pink! Doin Hoodrat thaaangs I can be your, FAN TA SEEEEE Bay bay I like it! Ale Alejandro oh :) My chick bad, my chick hood Tears start falling from my eyes as I remember how happy we all were that day. We graduated then got lunch at Greasy Saes. After, we came back to my room and just hung out while our parents were getting dinner ready in Peetas house. I hear my phone buzz so I go to my bed and unlock it. Peeta: Everything alright? I look out the window to see him looking out his. We used to do this just about every night. I smile and text him back. Just reminiscing, im fine You positive? I give him a thumbs up and he gives me one back. Goodnight Peeta Goodnight Katniss I still have my clothes in the car so I go to my drawer to see what pajamas I have. Barely anything. Great. I grab a pair of gray shorts that now fit like booty shorts and a plain red tank top that almost fits like a crop top then head to bed. Did you like it? don't be afraid to tell me what you think :)