stomach. Johanna must sense that I am quaking on the edge because she wrests control from me and begins lapping at my nub with much more force. She takes almost the entirety of my clit and my folds into her mouth and begins sucking hard. I'm going to scream. It's in my throat. I can't scream. My sister and mother are asleep across the hall. But I'm getting louder and louder as my orgasm nears. Johanna reaches up and shoves two fingers into my mouth, and I clamp down on them with force as she brings me over this incredible, leaping edge. It feels like taking flight. It feels like drowning. Her fingers stifle the strangled scream that falls out of my mouth. My hips shake as Johanna doesn't let up with her incredibly dextrous tongue. She takes her fingers out my mouth and raises both hands to massage my breasts. She hums in approval against me as she laps up the surge of my cum that surely must've dribbled out during that insanely powerful orgasm. I brace my weight on the sides of the bed and let her continue doing what she's doing because it's the most pleasure I've ever had in my life. She's being so gentle, and so tender, that I don't want her to stop anyway. She must be finished because she gives my clit a closed-mouth kiss, and I can't help but snicker as I shuffle backward on the bed. Now that I can see her whole face, her mouth and chin and parts of her neck have clear liquid all over them. That's me, I think. She licks her mouth in the most lecherous way possible and smacks her lips like she's just had a great meal. I flush in embarrassment although it's not distinguishable from how warm my cheeks are already. Dread begins to fill my stomach instead of pleasure because again, I don't know what to do. Do we cuddle together now? Johanna doesn't seem like a cuddler. But I also didn't think a few hours ago that she would be tongue-deep in my sex, so, things change. She's too goddamn intuitive. The wily victor laughs, swinging her legs around and jumping off the bed. "C'mon, let's wash up. I don't think anyone will approve if we show up to breakfast tomorrow reeking like sex." That's a good point. Not that I know what sex smells like, but I'll take her word for it. Johanna washes her hands with her damp towel, and brushes her teeth. I catch her eye in the mirror and she winks, then spits into the sink. "Not that I didn't enjoy the taste." I blush hard and use the sink after her, oddly not perturbed by my own nudeness. Seems a little ridiculous considering what we just did. Johanna eyes me up and down before leaving the bathroom. Bracing my hands on the edge of the sink, I look at my reflection in the mirror. I guess I should be ashamed of myself. Somewhere, Peeta is sleeping with restraints around his wrists, caged by his love and hatred for me. Gale is in his bed, dreaming of rebellion and freedom and hoping I'm at the end of that rainbow. But when I see myself, I grin. I'm happy. Happier than I've been in a long time. This choice I made, to "help" Johanna, yielded wonderful results. Beneath the hunger and arousal, there was a tenderness. Somewhere in there, she likes me. I like that she likes me. And I like her. I don't know what that means. Switching off the light, I exit the bathroom and pad into the center of the room. My clothes are neatly piled on the desk, and Johanna is back in her bed, facing the wall. Her clothes still strewn about her bed, so I guess she's sleeping nude. I put my sleeping shirt and pants back on and stand in the middle of the room. Where do I go? Back into my own bed, with my nightmares and my coldness? But then I won't have to stand the possible rejection of Johanna pushing me away. "Gonna stand there all night? I'm getting cold," Johanna complains without turning to me. I smile and say nothing. Without a word, I climb into her bed - where it still smells of our sex - and tuck myself underneath her blanket. My arms and legs wrap around her unclothed limbs and she sighs contentedly. I don't think we're ever going to talk about this. Johanna already claims, I think too much and neither of us like to hash out our feelings. I'm comforted by our lack of conversational skills. I fear, of course, that Johanna will push me away entirely but if she's inviting me in her bed like this, maybe she won't. Her barbs during the day will be easier to take if I know that this soft, sexual, wonderful Johanna awaits me at night. I like the thought of being the only one that she's this way with. "Go to sleep. I'm not dragging your ass out of bed in the morning," Johanna gruffly mumbles into her pillow, squeezing my hand that's around her middle. I settle in behind her and inhale the salty musk of her skin as I place my nose by her neck. I peck a soft kiss there, and though she tries to hide it, her cheeks move into a smile. "Good night, Johanna." We're not going to make any promises. Johanna isn't going to hold me to anything. She has no expectations for me because she's a victor. She lives for the now. We may never do this again. I'm not sure it's okay with me, but I'll figure it out. Right now, this is the happiest, most comfortable I've been in years. There's no edge to her tone when she reaches her hand back to scratch the side of my head affectionately and replies, "Good night, Katniss."