short older woman with long, gray hair is sitting down, fiddling with her fork. She's got eyes like Annie's, who sits down next to her. "Everdeen, this is Yoga Cohen. But you can call her Mags. She runs the yoga class here." I nod at the woman and she smiles kindly at me. She's missing a few teeth but the smile looks genuine. "How are you, Everdeen?" Her voice is old and hard to understand, not to mention a Creole accent that makes her even more undecipherable. "Katniss, please, and I... I don't know how to answer that question, to be honest." Mags nods her head. "You like jazz, Katniss?" My fingers reflexively grip around my fork. I never did like jazz until I met Johanna. Then everything she loved, I came to love through her. I nod my head, though. "Back in the ol' days, before recordin' an' all that, the jazz clubs would be hot. Not just with Ella and Louis, no, but greats you ain't never heard of. Know why? Because they didn't record nothin'. They made music for days, weeks, songs that were longer than any record could hold. And then at the end of the night, all that beautiful music? It was gone. Pfft, never to be heard again. Beautiful melodies that would make any man or woman weep. Masterpieces." "This story got a point, Mags? Effie and I will be as old as you before it ends," Cressida interjects, nudging Trinket in the arm. So her name is Effie, I guess. The two of them are very close, almost intimate, as they sit together on the bench. Weird. Mags rolls her eyes at Cressida's impatience but her smile never wavers. "Think of your time here like those jazz songs. Beautiful, but temporary. Make something meaningful as you can and then pack it away." I nod my head in understanding. This is only temporary. This is not who I am. The thought almost relaxes me and I can nearly stomach the flavorless vegetables we're ingesting. The five of us begin to eat, with Effie and Cressida talking quietly to one another. Finally Cressida turns to me. "So, Everdeen, what's your story, huh?" "My story?" I ask, raising my eyebrow. This entire day has been exhausting and I'm about done answering all of these women's questions. I just want to go home to my own bed and snuggle in my blanket with my caring fiancé and sleep and hope this is all a bad dream. A tall, slim black woman with a long ponytail sits down next to Mags on her other side. "Yeah. Like uh, Sister Paylor right here. She chained herself to a flagpole near a nuclear testing site." The woman looks at me and while she doesn't say anything, I see the ghost of a smile on her lips. "I chained myself to a drug dealer." Both of the older women nod and Cressida rolls her eyes. "Typical. Well-bred white girl falls for the tragic backstory brunette. Am I close?" I nod. "Just about." She's almost right fucking on point but I don't want to give too much of myself away. And, of course, talking about Johanna is painful. Not just because she's the reason I'm here. It was always too painful. Cressida nods. "I figured. A good girl like you, she isn't here for drugs or murder. You don't have the look about you." She clears her throat and smiles smugly at me. She doesn't exactly look like a drug dealer or a murderer either, to be honest. None of these women do. But, I remind myself, a lot of them are in here for real crimes. Crimes they didn't commit just because they were in love. "Take the wisdom of a junkie philosopher," Paylor interjects, quirking her eyebrow. "I pray for you, Cress." "I lust after you, sister," Cressida replies, wiggling her eyebrows at the other woman. Paylor smirks. "You should watch me do yoga with Mags." "That whole common room smells like a fart, it kinda takes away the magic for me." Cressida turns her attention to me as Effie circles her arms around Cressida's right arm that she had on the table. "So Katniss. Kat. Kitty Kat. You like pussy, Kat, as your name would suggest?" I spit out my water and Cressida leans her head back in a laugh. "I'm getting some sapphic vibes off of you." "Leave her alone," Sister Paylor says, shaking her head. This just emboldens Cressida whose cheek dimples as she smirks. "Oh come on, sister. You know if you hadn't gotten hitched with Jesus, you would've gone my way." The table erupts in laughter and I can't help but chuckle as well. Maybe this won't be so bad. None of these women seem like the vicious killers you see on television. They all seem pleasant, even Cressida who is one of the more aggressive women I've seen here. A figure standing next to me breaks my attention from the group. Then I see her boots. I wouldn't recognize them by sight because they look like everyone else's. But as my eyes trail up her figure, it only takes me a few seconds to realize it's her. Her dazzling smile, though it's a bit uncertain. Her black hair, but there are no streaks in it now. Those brown eyes I adore. Adored . Past tense. There's still a line of eyeliner underneath both her eyes. She adjusts her glasses on her face. That voice. My heart stops. The world stops. "Hey brainless. This a bad time to say hi?" Author's Note: Welcome to Joniss OITNB! I can't promise any consistency in updates but I will try. The title comes from the O. Henry quote, "It ain't the roads we take; it's what's inside of us that makes us turn out the way we do." The song lyrics are Sam Cooke's "A Change Is Gonna Come." Thanks to johannas-motivational-insults for her superhuman beta reading abilities.