an appearance. Peeta decided not to wait and piled eggs, toast, sausage, and fresh melon onto his plate. Darius placed the orange juice and hot chocolate in front of him. Peeta was halfway through his meal when Haymitch stumbled in and sat down. Haymitch barked, "Coffee, Darius," followed by a mumbled, "Thanks," when the coffee arrived. Peeta guessed that Haymitch also saw no point in not acknowledging the obvious. Haymitch pulled out his flask, liberally doctored his coffee, before taking a long sip. He put the cup down and started fiddling with a gold bracelet around his wrist, patterned with flames. Effie probably gave that to him to show solidarity. Go District 12. After Haymitch took a second sip of coffee, Peeta asked, "Have you seen Katniss, yet?" "No. Her attendant just informed me she ordered breakfast in her room. If she's not down here soon I'll go get her. We have stuff to discuss." Haymitch reached for some toast and eggs. "Okay. Good. Because there is something I need to talk to you about first." "What is it, boy?" Haymitch asked before stuffing a bite of eggs and toast into his mouth. Looking at Haymitch directly, Peeta declared, "Katniss is going to win the Quell. I know she has probably tried to make some deal with you to make sure I come out, but you need to understand that is not what is going to happen. I need you to support me as I help her make it back out. She's too important to too many people." Haymitch looked directly back at Peeta, took another sip of coffee and sat back considering him. After a moment, Haymitch said a simple, "Okay." Peeta couldn't tell if that was just an acknowledgement of what he had said or if it was an agreement. No matter. Haymitch now knew exactly where he stood. Peeta fished his district token out of his pocket and placed it on the table. Effie did a fantastic job sourcing it. The mockingjay was beautifully etched on the front. "I know Katniss is going to want to try to save me. I needed to have a way to remind her of all of those who need her back home." He pushes the token in front of Haymitch, who picks it up and opens it to the smiling pictures of Gale, Prim and Mrs. Everdeen. "You play dirty." "No, I play to win and winning for me is her going home. Anything else would definitely be counted as a loss," answered Peeta. Haymitch passed the token back to Peeta. "I need to you make sure she gets this after. Can you do that?" Peeta requested his voice cracking a bit. Haymitch nodded. They both continued to eat their breakfast. "If you want me to help you help her win, I need you to get her to listen to me." Peeta looked up from his melon and chuckled, "She's stubborn." "Don't we know it," smirked Haymitch. "The first step, for you and Katniss today is to make friends with some of the other tributes," Haymitch drawled. Peeta protested, "But we thought we'd just stick together." "Boy, you and that girl are completely new. Everyone else has been around for years and they know each other. Some even consider each other friends. They've coached kids through multiple games, so they understand how one another thinks. You need to find a couple allies. You'll live longer." Peeta took a sip of his hot chocolate and considered Haymitch's advice. What Haymitch said made sense, but Katniss was not going to like it. "Where is that damn, fool girl," complained Haymitch, "I'll go get her so I don't have to explain myself twice." He rose from the chair and walked towards the back of the suite. Peeta entered the launch room where Portia was waiting for him. After showering, Portia assisted in dressing him, first in simple undergarments then into a fitted blue jumpsuit that zipped up the front. Portia wrapped a six-inch-wide padded purple belt around his waist and assisted him in putting on a pair of nylon shoes. This outfit definitely wasn't suited to protect him from the cold. "Peeta, here is your token." He ducked and she slipped the chain of the locket over his head. "Did you look at it?" Peeta inquired. "I didn't open it. I figured its contents were your business," she responded. "It's okay." He flipped open the locket and showed the pictures to Portia. "It's so I can remind her of what she has waiting at home." He smiled, but it didn't reach his eyes. Peeta closed the locket and held it close to his heart. Portia reached forward and clasped his hand giving it an assuring squeeze. She leaned in and kissed his cheek. "Don't forget how special you are Peeta. I have confidence in you." She walked him to the tube. "Thank you, Portia. For everything," he said giving her a grateful smile. She smiled back and whispered, "You're very welcome." Soon enough Peeta was ascending the tube into the arena. At first, the brightness of the setting was overwhelming. His eyes soon adjusted, seeing a pink sky and the water surrounding his platform. The cornucopia was on an island in front of him, whereas there appeared to be land behind him. He couldn't locate Katniss. Looking at the water, he took his token, tucked it inside his jump suit to protect it, and tried to figure out how he was going to cross a body of water when he didn't know how to swim. A/N: Thank you to my beta, Victorianoir, for fixing my silly mistakes and encouragement. If you follow my other stories, "For the Best" or "Unto Dust," I'm working on updates. Life through a few curve balls recently but I plan to have new chapters within the next week or so. I have a tumblr: dispatchesfromdistrict7. I post information about my stories, life, fandoms, and whatever else I find interesting.