she didn't see why not. "I-I think I could," came Katniss's late reply, sheepishly looking at the ground. When she caught Johanna's eyes, the girl was curling that grin at her again. "I can handle that," Johanna quipped with a nod. "And my second question, then, is would you like to do this again some time?" There was a hint of nervousness in Johanna's tone that Katniss hadn't heard all night. It was rather endearing. Summoning up her courage from the alcoholic depths of her stomach, Katniss nodded. "I would." "It doesn't have to be dinner," Johanna elaborated. "Maybe just some coffee, or a walk." Her eyes lit up. "Actually, there's a fabulous exhibit at the museum that opened a week ago," she gushed. "It's on Alexander the Great, I believe. I could take you." Katniss didn't have the heart to tell Johanna she had seen the exhibit several times already, and bobbed her head. She had never seen it with someone who cared; she either went alone, or dragged Madge with her. Going with Johanna seemed exponentially more interesting. Not only for Johanna's company, but it would be a chance for her to show off her knowledge. Maybe erase the 'poor girl who got stood up' image of her Johanna probably had. "Any of that sounds good," she agreed. "I have some tests coming up, but I'm free Friday." Johanna grinned. "Whatever I have planned, I'll move it around. So, Friday around seven sound okay?" Johanna reached her into her back pocket and pulled out her wallet, sliding a sleek forest green card from within it and handing it to Katniss. "If I give you my number, will you use it?" Katniss smirked. "Why? If I don't will your family have me taken out or something?" Katniss teased, poking Johanna in her stomach. Johanna pursed her lips in amusement. "Hey, you know what happened to Marilyn Monroe," Johanna joked, nudging Katniss with her elbow. Katniss chuckled and nodded. "Sure, but Marilyn Monroe was supposedly sleeping with the President. I'd only be sleeping with his granddaughter," Katniss said before she could stop herself. She could feel the tops of her ears and cheeks burning with embarrassment. Johanna gave her an impressed look. "Well, you sure are full of surprises tonight, aren't you, Katniss Everdeen?" Katniss ducked her head and ran her fingers through her hair. "You seem to bring that out in me." When she met Johanna's gaze again, the girl was biting her lip in an infuriatingly sexy manner. "Yes, I'll text you so you have my number." "Good. Okay. So, thank you for a wonderful dinner. It definitely beat sitting in my hotel poring over paperwork all night." Johanna stubbed the ground with her foot. "It beat most of my dates, too, actually." "It is missing something, though," Katniss started, taking a small step closer to Johanna. The girl's cedar brown eyes whipped up at her. For once, maybe in her entire life, someone was holding Johanna back against the ropes. Katniss was very glad it was her. She stepped forward, tilting her head down to capture Johanna's lips in a tender, but fervent kiss. Katniss was surprised at her own boldness, but greatly glad she had taken the chance. Johanna's kiss was so unlike Johanna. Her lips tasted like the spice of their dinner, but they were so soft and gentle. Shy, almost, Katniss thought as she grinned into their kiss. She was rewarded with a soft gasp when she ran her tongue along Johanna's bottom lip, and felt Johanna's hands curl around the edges of her jacket. It was nice, kissing someone with soft lips, someone she had to crane down a bit to reach her mouth. Maybe she should've been dating girls all along. The pulsing throb between her legs was also a good indicator that she may prefer the fairer sex. Or maybe it was just Johanna. Either way, the gentle probing of Johanna's tongue in her mouth was about to make her swoon. They broke apart, and Katniss looked down through hooded lids at Johanna, who for the first time that night, looked slightly off-balance. "Full of surprises," Johanna breathed. "Thank you," Katniss whispered against Johanna's breath, "for a wonderful date, Not-Finnick-Odair." Johanna's lips turned upward and she took Katniss's hand, placing a quick kiss on her knuckles. "Friday?" she asked, an adorable amount of hope in her tone. "Friday," Katniss confirmed. The brunette walked to her door, swiping her pass to let herself into the dorm. She turned around and waved to Johanna, who was watching her leave with her hands in the small pockets of her slacks, a crooked smile on her lips. She looked so darling that Katniss wanted to scoop her into her arms again and kiss her until they both saw stars, but she didn't. "Wait," Katniss called as she held the door open with her foot. "You never told me your dream." Johanna licked her lips slowly and raised her eyebrow. "Guess you'll have to sleep with me and maybe I'll share my dream with you in the morning," she quipped with a large grin on her face and an exaggerated wink. Katniss chewed on the inside of her cheek and rolled her eyes, walking into the building and resting against the closed door. Friday, she told herself. She could hold over until Friday. Now all she had to do was tolerate Madge's incessant "I told you so" when she relayed to her the unexpected success of the blind date she so begrudgingly agreed to. Small price to pay for perhaps another chance to kiss Johanna Mason. Author's Note: Thanks for JMI for her helpful beta read and her suggestion for the title of this piece. The inspiration for this is from the Game of Thrones Sansaery story "Sweetest Secret" by itsfaberrytaboo which you can read here, or on AO3. I'd link it but this website is REALLY FUN with its insistence that we not share links.