to yell out to her but then I thought " if she cuts it lose with her knife it would scare away the careers! So I went closer to her and motioned up with my hands. She looked surprised at first but then she looked up and saw the nest. Then I made a sawing motion and she got her knife out and said quietly " go." So I swung from tree to tree untill I was a safe distance away from the tracker jacker nest. I listened for the nest to drop and when it did I could hear the careers screaming "TO THE LAKE!" I started laughing. A few minutes later I saw katniss and she looked like she had been stung. She walked a few steps then fell down.I almost ran to help her but then peeta ran to her and yelled " WHAT ARE YOU DOING?! GO! RUN!" Then he pulled her up and told her to run again. Then I saw Cato and peeta saw him to and ran to stop him from killing katniss. Then I went out and draged katniss into a pit of leaves. I took care of her untill she woke up. She woke up about two or three days later. When she woke up the first thing she said was " is peeta ok?" "Yeah" I said then she started asking about if the careers where dead. I told her that two of them had died. I could tell she knew about one because she had the blonde girls bow and arrows. The next thing she said surprised me. She asked. " do you want to be Ally's? " I almost screamed yes! So we where Ally's. Of course it was only temporary but I didn't want to think of that. That night I climbed up a tree and got ready to sleep when she asked "do you want to sleep in my sleeping bag?" It was really cold out so i agreed. I curled up in the bottom of her sleeping bag for warmth. The next day katniss said " we need to do something about the careers food supply. If they didn't have food they would starve. " "but katniss, they have plenty of food they wont starve." "Well where going to have to do something about that." So we did. We made a plan to blow up the careers supplies. We gathered plants I would burn to distract the careers while katniss would blow up the food. We made three piles of grass and I thought of something. "We should have a signal to show that where ok." I said. Katniss agreed. I showed her a bird call that we used back home. "Its just a simple four note melody that the mockingjays will bounce back." I said. Then I showed her. The next night we split up. "Good luck!" I called to her. "You to" I heard. I made it to the first and second piles and was on my way to the third when I heard the boom. I swear you could hear it for miles. Then I heard footsteps and ran. I felt something on my head and I looked up. I stoped running. There was a net around me that I was getting tangled up in. I fell over. "KATNISS KATNISS KATNISS! " I yelled. I could hear her coming. I saw her just as someone threw a spear at me and I watch it enter me. I saw katniss shot who threw the spear. She ran over to me and started yelling "are there more!?" And I have to say it three times before she hears me. I roll over with the spear poking out of my side. There is a small pool of blood around the shaft of the spear. When I see how deep the spear went I know there's no way I'll stay alive long enough to win, but for some strange reason I'm calm.I rest my head against a nearby tree. I want my final moments to be peaceful so I ask katniss "will you sing?" And she does. "Deep in the meadow, under the willow A bed of grass, a soft green pillow Lay down your head, and close your sleepy eyes And when again they open, the sun will rise. Here it's safe, here it's warm Here the daisies guard you from every harm Here your dreams are sweet and tomorrow brings them true Here is the place where I love you. Deep in the meadow, hidden far away A cloak of leaves, a moonbeam ray Forget your woes and let your troubles lay And when again it's morning, they'll wash away. Here it's safe, here it's warm Here the daisies guard you from every harm Here your dreams are sweet and tomorrow brings them true Here is the place where I love you. Here is the place where I love you. Deep in the meadow, hidden far away A cloak of leaves, a moonbeam ray Forget your woes and let your troubles lay And when again it's morning, they'll wash away. Here it's safe, here it's warm Here the daisies guard you from every harm Here your dreams are sweet and tomorrow brings them true Here is the place where I love you." Then I start to close my eyes and I watch katniss start crying. As I close my eyes I can hear katniss telling me to hold on, to wait until she can find some medicine or something to heal me. I know its hopeless, there's no way I can last even five minutes. As my eyes struggle to stay open I watch her cover me with flowers and press three fingers to her lips and raise them in the air I manage to squeak out one last sentence "You have to win" I wisper. "I will" she says. "I don't doubt it" I think. Then my eyes close for the last time.