waiting clit. He tweaked and rubbed, causing her moans to become louder since she couldn't find any words for his masterful actions on her body. "Fuck, you're so wet Katniss. Give me more," he murmured as his tongue slid up her chest, finding a home in the crook of her neck and he was rewarded by her body totally opening up to him. Where did he get such a dirty mouth? But she was incapable of asking him because all she could do was writhe beneath his hand, seeking more, climbing higher, until he inserted his tongue in her mouth and two fingers deep in her at the same time, causing her to scream in pleasure as she shuddered and clenched with her orgasm. "Oh Peeta… that was…" she could only manage to say as she felt boneless, trying to catch her breath. "I know baby," he answered and she could hear the clink of his belt as he pulled it open. But she was the one who wanted to do that, so she opened her eyes and reached for him, pushing his hands away so she could push his pants and boxers down at the same time, revealing how ready he was to finish what he started. "Peeta, do you have a condom?" she asked as she held him in her hand, stroking him, making him feel what he had just done to her. "Yes," he answered shakily, before he pulled away to fish for his pants and pull out the foil square. He ripped it open and together they rolled it on, silly grins on both their faces. She couldn't believe she was here at this moment with Peeta. It was better than anything she ever imagined because the way he made her feel was more intense, more wonderful than she ever thought possible. Peeta hooked her left ankle over his shoulder and when he slid in they both simultaneously moaned at the feeling of his hardness being encased by her wet warmth. He looked down at her and an understanding passed through him that they both wished they could stay in this moment forever. He started rocking into her, gently at first, sliding back and forth slowly so that she could feel his entire length move in and out. But as the buzz increased in her body she needed more, she needed it harder so she asked for it. And soon he was pounding into her at a furious speed, causing her to scrape long scratches down his back as she climbed again to an orgasm she knew was going to be more intense than the first. The bed creaked and moaned with their efforts and she was grateful her sister was not in the house because there was no way she would not hear them, no matter what room they were in. "Katniss, I'm coming," Peeta moaned, licking his way into her mouth and she nodded, letting him know she was almost there too. It hit him first, causing him to arch up and cry out her name as he filled the condom. When he came down his hand went back to her clit, rubbing it furiously while he stayed in her until she was crying out his name and shaking with the fire coursing through her body. "Katniss, there are no words…" Peeta hoarse voice said next to her as she stared up at the ceiling, still seeing the stars that had come from the most intense sex she had ever experienced. "Mmm hmmm," was all she managed to say. She heard him rustle next to her and assumed he left to go to the bathroom and clean up, but she felt completely unable to move at the moment. She heard him shuffle back into the bedroom and felt the bed dip besides her but she was too relaxed to open her eyes. She suddenly felt the touch of a warm cloth as he lovingly cleaned her up before he pulled the blankets over them and wrapped her in his arms and she was blissfully happy that Peeta was such a conscientious lover. "You know it's only like, 8 o'clock?" she finally said as she nestled her head in the crook of his arm and wrapped her leg around his thigh. "Yeah, but I think we worked hard enough that we deserve to just stay here for awhile… or forever if we want to." She looked up at him and saw the humor and light in his eyes that was missing all week long. God, how she missed it. "I'll allow it," she said simply and he gave a dorky fist pump in reply. They were silent for awhile and she started to drift off when his voice rumbled to life again. "So does this mean that work lunch can involve some afternoon delight?" he asked. She slapped him on the chest in reply, but after considering for a moment she gave him a real answer. "If you think you can rock my world in that short of a time I know of a supply closet in the basement that is rarely visited." "Well I'm game if you are. Unless you are chicken Everdeen." "Oh I think we've established who the chicken is in this relationship Mellark." "Challenge on," he replied before kissing her deeply. They then settled back into the comfortable position they were before so they could finally get some sleep after being both physically and mentally exhausted. She was just dropping off once again when Peeta spoke up once again. "Where does 'being chicken' come from anyway? They are just a bird that clucks around. Don't you would think it would be more appropriate to be compared to an ostrich or a fainting goat?" "We'll talk about it tomorrow Peeta," Katniss mumbled into his chest. "Ok." he answered kissing her on the forehead. "I love you Katniss." "I love you too Peeta," And they both fell asleep with smiles on their faces.