want to let them go. Your eyes remind me of chocolate, which reminds me of sugar, which reminds me of sugar cubes; every time I think of you, I think of my favorite sweet, remember that. "You need to love yourself like I do, Annie. With us, it was meant to be, and I'm always going to keep you safe. And all of these little things that just slipped out, I love them and you endlessly. It's you they add up to, and that's the truth." Annie gives him a small smile and hugs him, not wanting to let go. If she lets go, it's one step closer to having him torn apart from her side forever. Of course, he can never know this, but right now, she wants to spill everything as she stares into his gorgeous eyes. "I have another problem." "What is it?" "I think…I think I'm falling in love with you," she stutters. He looks at her. "I have a bigger problem, then." She cringes, knowing he's going to insult her and kick her to the curb. "I've fallen harder a long time ago." Her world brightens and she looks at the coal at the bottom of the fireplace. If blood could be the new black, why couldn't black be the new blood? Finnick was the white and she the black in yin and yang, after all. He's that gleam of light that appeared in the dull sky the night in the bell tower, the place she always finds her way back to. "Well, you crept up on me." . The other half of her emotional outbursts pops up a month later. She never wanted it to show, never meant for it to leak out. But then again, this is her payback for getting all those glory filled days. It starts when she's packing up her things from Finnick's lodge. (She's already figured out her escape plan—she picked the nighttime when Finnick's asleep, knew which door to walk out of, and she even knew which district to flee to so Finnick didn't have to see her ever again. Now, it's all a matter in actually leaving . And she just can't bring herself to do it.) She closes up the black and white polka dot duffel and checks the time. She's done some sniffing around and found Finnick's District Seven pen pal he had talked about all those weeks ago—Johanna Mason. She agreed to keep her lips sealed and to wait for her tonight, so Annie guesses she should get going right now . She puts her right foot in front of her, then her left. Right, left, right left, right left, right— "Where are you going, Annie?" Finnick yawns from the doorframe. Fuck. She sighs and decides to face her shit like a man—she owes it to Finnick to leave him as best as she can. "I'm leaving, Finnick." "Excuse me?" "I don't want to hurt you," she whispers. "Oh really? You don't want to fucking hurt me? Then what the fuck is this? Because you seem to be hurting me right now!" he screeches. "Finnick, calm down." "I'm not going to fucking calm down . You probably find this really funny, don't you? You're probably laughing on the inside that you fooled me and sucked me into your stupid little game where you build and tear my heart out, huh Annie?" She doesn't know how to react to his outburst—Finnick was always better at handling hers than vice versa. "I'm still dangerous." He paces around the room before seemingly calming down. "How. The. Fuck. Are. You . Dangerous?" "Um—" "You know what Annie, screw your excuses." "I murdered someone, Finnick!" she screams, letting it all go. He stops pacing and stares at her. "What?" "Last month. I wasn't crying because of those 'little things', I was crying because I'm a stupid ass motherfucker who should rot in hell. That's where I'm going now, so just leave me alone! I ended somebody's life and didn't even know it." "Annie…Annie no, wait. Let me help you." "No," she spits out. "But Annie, we can do this. We will do this. I'm still rooting for us." "I want to keep you safe, Finnick. With me…you're not safe with me," she murmurs, no longer staring at him now that their screaming match has ended. "It's risky for me to stay here." "It's a risk I'm willing to take." He steps closer to her. "Well I'm not." She can feel his eyes beg hers to stare at him, even to give him a glance, so he could figure this out. But she wasn't going to give him it. "Look, Finnick, you've given me the best six months or so of my life. You saved me from myself and this world and that's a debt I can never repay, honest. But now I want to try to figure something out on my own. I'm not leaving you, I'm leaving this life, please understand that." "But I was a part of your life, so you're still leaving me," he chokes out. Annie bites her lip and swings her duffle onto her shoulder. "Finnick, I lo—" He holds the door open for her. . {Maybe they end up together, maybe they won't. She had to let him go in order to let it go, but wasn't it worth it in the end? Annie Cresta was truly, finally, happy—and after getting through the initial heartbreak, that's enough for Finnick Odair. And maybe, just maybe, their paths will cross again, if it was meant to be.} (They just have to find their better half on the end of the bumpy road.) . . . a/n: um i really don't know what i did with this /hides hopefully you liked it and sorry that it seemed odd at times. i'd love to edit this because this seemed to have actual potential, so maybe in the future i will. please leave a review, though? xoxo, abi