could here her screaming down the hall at someone." I looked back at her with shallow eyes and a huge childish, idiot grin and said back," Thank you!" and rushed off to grab a spear. I could barely hear her mutter under her breath "Nitwit" before leaving herself and me to my own amusements. I couldn't help but smile at this. For years I have been fooling everyone that I am a complete retard. I have failed every class I have ever taken at the academy expect gym and training. Of course, I knew what was going on the entire time and could easily pass, but I don't. When I was first admitted into the academy I was much more advanced at everything than everyone. I knew I wouldn't be able to learn anything about anyone from looking down from the top, after all that is never how things fall. I made sure I was looking up from the bottom and I have learned so much more about humans than I would from the other end of the spectrum. And I consciously made this decision at five years old, to be a retard until I decided it would be the right time to attack and reveal my true colors in the Games and allow me to leave as the sole Victor. Luckily for me, I have also been given an extremely athletic physique, one where I am the number one when it comes to fighting in all hand-to-hand combat weapons. That doesn't require much thinking, just a lot of instinct so no one has though twice about it. That is when the queen bitch walks in. Allow me to introduce the biggest thorn in my side, Polish Gint ladies and gentlemen. Polish is the most arrogant, self absorbed, obnoxious, person I have ever had the displeasure of meeting. She may be beautiful with perfect blonde hair, striking blue eyes, and the softest skin you will ever touch, but her heart is about as black as pitch at night without a moon. I truly detest her as much as I can without hating her, but I still trust her more than anyone else because I know who she is, what her motives are, and we are forced to trust each other. "Hi Polish!" I say a little too excitedly, much like a child when seeing a friend. She looks at me with a sneer, and continues walking over to then archery station. District 1 has a station for every weapon imaginable, along with survival stations mimicking the Capitol's setup for training, except ours is much more elaborate with more choices and better trainers and technology. Polish, at the archery station, grabs a bow and set of arrows and heads over to the laser simulation. She turns it on and raises the difficulty to the highest setting. This training device is a set of lasers that track your own personal movements as well as setting up enemies that fight back and can be killed. Their weapons will not harm you, but the simulation will end the second you are hit. Its confusing, but its effective. Polish and I have both mastered every setting on that course, even the hardest which we have both decided silently is predictable and unworthy of our own individual talents. Knowing she is doing fine, I put all my focus into my spear throwing. I keep hurling one after the other at targets scattered across the room, each one either hitting or inches away from the bull's-eye, until I hear something that truly surprises me. Polish lets out a scream of anger at the machine and I watch as she takes a mace, and begins to destroy the machine. One of two things just happened; 1- She just won easily, and became frustrated at it being so easy, or 2- She lost. Judging the way she is using all of her energy to obliterate the machine, I say the later. She is going to get herself hurt, and knowing that I do something I really don't want to do. I run over to her as fast as I can. Fragments are laying everywhere on the ground from Polish's smashing. She wields her mace back again, prepared to take another blow at the now crumpled piece of junk when I step in her way, hoping to stop the blow. Not one of my finest moments, as she still continues swinging her mace towards my head. I luckily get to duck down at the last second avoiding her blow, and then I spring into her chest tackling her and brining her down onto the floor. I managed to catch her off guard and take the wind out of her. I use these few seconds to pin her down and keep her from getting up. "Canvas!" She screams at me. "You better get your retarded ass off of me before I kill you when I do get up!" Her blue eyes have turned into ice as they try to burn through my head in an act of intimidation. "You won't kill me, Polish." I say rather stupidly and matter-of-factly. "You need me to volunteer with you for the Games this year, which you know is a Quarter Quell. And the announcement is next week, so you're not going to kill me." I look at her and then quickly add "Yet." She mumbles some insults and swears to herself before saying with venom in her voice, "Fine! Now let me up!" I climb off of her and let her stand up. When she is fully up, she slaps me hard across the face. I pretend I didn't see it coming or wasn't expecting it. "What was that for?" I ask trying to sound as genuinely hurt as I could muster. "If you pin me down again, I will cut your cock off and feed it to some goats!" I just look at her smug face and think, can kill you already, bitch?