into my socks. It's a kind motion, but I also think that he wants to be closer to fire. "I am ready when you are." He states. I nod. "What are you thinking about?" He asks. And what am I thinking about. That I am incapable of sharing what I feel with a person I admire. That I will not live up to his standards as a wife, disappointing him during our time together, even if it's only six months. I know that what I feel toward him is love, because I can't seem to match the emotional to anything else. However, it's different from the love I am familiar with. The only person that I am sure I love is Prim. This love drives me to protect her, to keep her well fed. But how do I switch so quickly from being the protector to the protected? To lose my complete independence in connection to Peeta? Peeta glances at me patiently, his hand resting on my knee. I feel stupid for not being able to form my thoughts into a lucid phrase, feeling foolish in my muteness. Instead, I express what I feel in silence, in a thousand unspoken words. I reach for him in the orange glow of the light, wrapping my arms around his shoulders and shoving my face into the crook of his neck. He smells of aftershave, similar to what I smelt on Haymitch only hours ago. Infusing the smell of pine and spices that transports me to my woods, mixing with Peeta's natural musk. It smells and feels better on him, his close shave giving way to a light scratch of stubble. My lips find the skin on his neck, little hills pressing against my pink skin. Goosebumps. "You must be cold." I say. "Quite the opposite actually. Whenever I'm around you I am always warm." There he goes, saying those phrases that would make a schoolgirl swoon. I scowl. I wish that was true when we were in the cave." I say with a smile. I pull the burgundy blanket off him to see if his theory of temperature is true. "Okay, maybe I'm a little cold." His eyes crinkle the way they always do when he jokes. I unravel all the blankets around me and push Peeta off the couch so I can further my idea. I pull the couch toward the fireplace, so that when we stick our feet out we can touch the mantle. Peeta finds the idea pleasant and he agrees. We wrap the blankets around us again, this time we only have one layer of fabric separating us, the blanket cocooning us as if we were one being. Our body heats serves as a great conductor. We sit for a few minutes, intently watching the fire lick up different pieces of wood, the flames changing from yellow to orange to red to blue. It's time. I shimmy my arms out of the swaddle and reach for the hearty loaf of bread sitting on the hearth. "Peeta." "Yes, my wife." "You know that I'm not good at that voicing my emotions. So instead, I'm going to say what comes to my mind, and hope that it makes sense." He urges me on. "Peeta, I promise to protect you. I promise to keep you happy. I promise that I will stay as your wife until the day I die, which will be much sooner than it would be later. Peeta, I never knew that I could care for you as much as I do Prim, maybe more... Probably more. But, I do know that you make me feel safe, and calm me. " He studies my face and a smile develops along with his glossy eyes. He is trying to be strong. His glance moves from my eyes to my lips and then to the bread. He's being patient. It is one of his best traits. I finish, "Even if we did have forever, I would still choose you." Then he loses it, shattering the dam to his tears. He works his emotions. "I have spent majority of my life waking up each morning thinking about you. Wishing you were lying next to me. Now you sit here teasing me late into the night about things only us two could understand. I love you. I love you with so much of my heart that it scares me." "What does it feel like?" I question. "Love?" "Yeah." He thinks for a moment and speaks slowly but deliberately. "It feels like waves are crashing upon my chest every time I'm with you, slowly depleting the oxygen to my lungs. It feels like I am on a tightrope over a bed of thick plush flowers, completely exhilarating but at the same time I feel safe. It feels like I need to protect the person I care for constantly, that all I want is make sure you stay happy whenever it is within my control, and I feel defenseless when it's not. It's when you would do anything for another person. Die for them. Not just die, but also do so without regret. It is the most tortuous of emotions, yet it feels good. Katniss, it feels really good." "Maybe I do love you then." I state plainly, rotating his ring around his finger. "Maybe you do." He repeats to himself. We toast the bread and make more promises to each other late into the night until words no longer can explain what we feel. We both know that this won't last forever and that in order to survive in these games; we need proper preparation- to bulk up and become aware of our opponents. Nevertheless, we push it aside. We push everything aside for tonight. In the shadows of the flames, we fall asleep and wake up tangled together that winter morning, with the initiative of training for the games as warriors, and enjoying every moment until the upcoming date of our deaths.