the back of my mind because I know that I should be preparing for The Games. This is not the time to whine about luxuries like music. I hear a hesitant knock on my door and my stylist walks in, carrying a dress with her. It's a plain linen shift which I slip on. Just as I am getting ready to leave, Thresh pokes a head into my room. "Hey," he says. "Hey," I reply, looking up at him. All traces of the crying yesterday are gone and his face is hard. "Hold out your hand," he says gruffly. I do, and feel something scratchy in my hand. It's a necklace, braided from the woven grass that grows around the fields. On it hangs a simple wooden charm, the perfect replication of some flower that I've seen before. I peer at it curiously until I realize what flower it is. "Rue..." I whisper, "This is rue, isn't it?" "I made it before I left District Eleven. For you," he says, almost shyly, "Will you use it as your token?" I respond with a huge hug. He has to kneel down because otherwise my head only goes up to his abdomen. We stay like this for a long time, until Angelica raps on my door and tells me that we have to go. He pulls away and looks at me intensely, "See you in the arena." "Bye," I say quietly. Angelica takes my hand and escorts me up the elevator, onto the roof, and into the waiting hovercraft. The sensation of flying is entirely new to me, and my stomach feels as if it's doing somersaults. A lady with black hair in a long, white coat approaches me, "This is your tracker," she says matter-of-factly and proceeds to stick a needle into my arm. I give a tiny yelp at the pain, but it quickly subsides and my skin turns from red, to white, to beige, and back to brown again. The lady gives a curt nod and disappears to inject another tribute. And I am alone. The trip can't have lasted more than a half hour, but I wouldn't know because I am not allowed to know the time. I know that we have arrived because all of the windows suddenly go dark. I suppose if we saw the arena that we are being dropped into, it would be unfair, but I still am kind of mad about it. It almost seems like a metaphor for all of the times that the Capitol has kept us in the dark. Uninformed, starving, wondering how many more days will go by until we can eat again while we are surrounded by fields and fields of good things to eat. My heart is beating with anger by the time the plane lands. My stylist and I walk back to the ladder where we first got on the hovercraft and hold on, as we are pulled through a dark tube and into the room where we will wait until it is time to go into the arena. The Stockyard, as we call it back in District 11. We will wait here until the time of the slaughter. I am shown to a tiny room where I shower. I climb out of the shower and pull on pants, a shirt, and a jacket with a little 11 on the sleeve. I find my stylist sitting on a chair in the corner of the room with her ankles crossed, her silly turquoise tutu puffed out around her in a perfect circle. Her lips, today a tangerine shade, purse when I hear a metallic, female voice say, "Prepare for launch." My stylist looks at me, her cat-eyes shiny with tears. She wraps me in a hug and whispers into my ear, "Good luck, Rue." I am about to go into the tube when I realize that I never even got her name. "What's your name?" I ask her, turning around. She looks surprised that I would care when she answers, "Petunia." I force myself to smile at her even though my hands are trembling "We both have flower names." "Yes, I suppose we do." I stand in the tube until it lifts. It seems like I stand in it forever, shaking and forcing myself to breathe normally. Then I realize that I never said goodbye to Chaff. I sigh and try to imagine what he would have said. I conjure up an image in my mind. "You can't fight, Rue," he would say bluntly, "Don't get driven into the bloodbath." When the tube lifts, I take in the arena. It's nothing memorable, just a huge forest, not unlike the one on the outskirts back in District 11. District 11. Home. Home, home, home. No, this isn't the time to be thinking about that. Focus. I only have one minute. The tributes seem to be in a line. The boy from District 1 is to my left, and seeing him up close makes the shivering start all over again. To my right is the girl from District 5, her red hair shining in the hot, unnatural sun. Thirty seconds. Focus. The cornucopia is gold this year, and there is a huge pile of weapons and food. I even see a little slingshot resting on a suitcase of food. I want that. What I need is a plan. Do I have a plan? I decide to risk the bloodbath. I am so fast that I could be in and out of there really fast. The slingshot is smack in the middle so I decide that it would be better to go for the backpack closest to me and get out of here. Then I notice Katniss a couple tubes down from me. She is staring intensely at a bow and arrow. 5... she looks at Peeta 4... he shakes his head 3... why did he shake his head? 2... focus on the backpack 1... The gong rings out. Go.