searching for the noise, when she came across blood splattered snow, the red liquid staining the beautiful white snow. She stood fascinated by the blood before heading off in the direction of the blood droplets, slowing her pace to a silent, cautious walk. She was moving around a tree when a ripping sound startled her, forcing her into a crouch as she pulled out her bow. She peered around the trees to find a person bent over a deer. The one she had been chasing. The figure wore a heavy grey parka with a strung bow and quiver on its back. A bloody arrow and a spear laid on the snow next to the figure as it took a knife and sliced off a chunk of meat from the back leg. Katniss watched for a moment as a plan began to formulate in her head. Obviously, a hundred pound deer would feed a single person for well over a month and, seeing as this person was in the middle of disputed territory, she took the chance in believing that the figure was a person of the forest. Plainspeople knew not to enter the forest for it was not their domain. Of course, that didn't apply to Katniss but she was desperate and, as she looked at all the meat, she planned on stealing a few pounds. Just enough to get home quickly and still have enough to smoke and store for a few days. "Get in and get out," she whispered to herself, her grey eyes observing the figure cut off piece after piece. Suddenly, she heard the sound of heavy panting behind her and then a rush of footfalls as something rushed towards her. Katniss turned around just in time to see a shadow leaping and then the jaws of a large, grey wolf as it snapped shut inches from her face. It gave a savage growl as they crashed to the ground and, before she had even reached for the knife at her belt, it was over. She heard a whistle followed by silence as the wolf backed up and sat down. Katniss looked towards the figure to find it standing a few feet from her and a spear point hovering between her eyes. The figure was of average height, around 5' 8" or so, not much taller than Katniss herself. It was stocky and wore a thin, white scarf over the bottom half of its face. Its eyes and hair, though, were covered by the parka's hood. It cocked its head to the side curiously as it studied her. Suddenly, the person's free hand lifted to its face and Katniss' heart skipped a beat. Her throat constricting in fear. The hood was lifted off . . . and grey eyes met blue. Yo! I've been gone a long time and for that I am sincerely sorry. I kind of fell out of love with the HG series over the summer to be honest. Then, I started college as a full-time student and also started a thirty-odd hour a week job. Any free time I had was spent playing League of Legends or playing games on my PlayStation. Then, for some reason this October I came back to fanfiction and started reading again. So with renewed passion I hope to continue this story. Once again thank you very much for sticking through this story with me. I can't promise a set time for updates at the moment but I hope to have a lot of free time this January while on break. I know what I want to do, it's just a matter of doing it. Hopefully, I'll be able to upload soon . Also, if you want to ever play League or Ps3 with me just pm me but be warned that I am terrible at League and I don't plan on getting a Ps4 until next Spring. So, I hope you enjoyed it and thanks for reading. If you liked it leave a review, it'd be appreciated. If you didn't like it leave a review and tell me how I can improve. All and any sensible criticism is appreciated. Okay, now bear with me and just read the next long paragraph because if you continue to follow this story it probably won't make sense without this information. But if you don't want to thanks again for reading. IMPORTANT INFORMATION: So, just to clear things up and give everyone a clearer picture of what's going on, I'm going to be delving into the setup of their society, culture, and stuff like that. I figured it would be easier to just explain it in an A/N than to do it in the story, so here we go. The People and their religion were inspired by many cultures that have existed. They all share a respect for nature and believe in spirits and demons and that was inspired by many shamanistic religions. The Forestpeople are very militaristic, very much like the Spartans from Ancient Greece, and believe in a strong sense of honor and duty, like the Samurai of Feudal Japan. The Waterpeople and Plainspeople are were inspired by the Native Americans of the Great Plains in North America and the Sandpeople were inspired by the Zulu of Africa. Each group is led by a Highchief, who in turn leads the chiefs of the towns and villages. Then, it is broken down into your typical men, women, and children. The shamans are a separate entity from the main People entirely. They act as healers with no ties to any group and wander between the different regions helping those in need. They are led by the High Shaman and act as ties between the spirit world and the living world. I picture the shamans as very Buddhist-like, always searching for balance, peace, and tranquility. Anyways, thanks one last time for reading and I hope you'll follow and join me in the next chapter of A Tale of Two Lovers .