) I walked slowly down to the square, getting sidetracked every few minutes by a rare flower, or a bug, or anything really. I just made it as the mayor was finishing the boring history lesson. Our escort slipped her dyed hand into the female bowl, and I pretend to care. Or, at least I pretend until her surprisingly low voice said, "Annabelle Kelly" Thomas Lieu- District 12 Not fitting in is no strange concept for me. Being the only Chinese person in District 12 got me used to that. I'm Thomas Lieu. I live by myself, in a house I bought with money I earned from running errands. I survive by hunting and tesserae. My family is scattered. I am alone. I went to school, until I was expelled for "picking fights." I didn't pick fights. It was self-defense. I woke up, and decided to go hunting this morning. I have nothing else to do, besides worry, since it's reaping day. No use running errands today. I grab my bow and arrows, put on my sneakers, and run to the woods. I climb up the tree, and leap over using an ancient technique that enables me to leap long distances. I do a lot of self-taught kung-fu. It protects me, helps me live. I jump down from the tree and prepare to find a spot to hunt. After a while, I find my friend Akira waiting for me. She is smiling, and holding a bow. She's my only friend. She understands me completely. Before long, we have a few rabbits and a squirrel. Good enough for today. We say our good-byes, and I run home to get ready. I slide on a white tee shirt, a black vest, and jeans. My beat-up boots, that I've had for years. It doesn't really matter what I end up looking like. I walk to the reaping, keeping an eye out for ambushes. That sounds paranoid, but I've honestly been ambushed. I'd rather be paranoid than be dead any day. As soon as I got to the district square, I heard a scuffle and a crash and the seat next to me was suddenly empty. I have a reputation as a good fighter. It's just kung-fu, really. Our mayor stands up, and she begins to tell the history of Panem. Again. I stare at a beetle crawling in he dirt, and wonder if he's as bored as I am. Oh, wait! They're calling out the girl's name! It's Bea Ivory. I remember her from school. It's a pity she has to go, she was nice enough. At least it's not Akira. Now the boy's name. I wonder who is being sentenced to death this year. "Thomas Lieu" Melissa Smudger- District 11 I woke up to Pepper, my cat, scratching at my bed, demanding to be picked up. I found her abandoned in a bin when I was 5. Now, 7 years later, he's a full-grown kitty. I still love him. I'm Melissa Smudger, but if I like you you can call me Mel. I think I like you. So, I can tell you a secret- I'm planning to volunteer. I haven't told anyone else, not even Ana, my best friend. I want to see life outside the districts. I know my dad and brother will be mad and very sad. It's not really fair to take anyone else from them, after the fire 2, almost 3 years ago. The fire that burnt our house down. The fire that my mother passed away in, trying to rescue me when I was trapped in a room. I made it out. She didn't. That was the most terrifying moment of my life. No matter what, I still need to go. I feel trapped inside the district, like I don't belong. I bent down and picked up Pepper, listening to his purring as I hugged and petted him. Together, we walked to the kitchen and I grabbed a banana for me and a bit of dried chicken for Pepper. In a district that's as poor as 11, that's an extremely indulgent breakfast. Oh, well. It's reaping day, and after I leave there will be more food for my father and older brother, who's 15. So I'm sure they can spare a little extra. I wander outside, and end up taking a nap. It is so warm outside, and the ground felt uncharacteristically soft. I wake up after a few hours, and head back inside. It is a bit of a shock to suddenly be in the dark, but once my eyes adjust, I'm in for a much bigger surprise. My brother's wearing a nice shirt! With a collar! And nice pants! When I open my mouth to tell him that, he scowls and says, "Don't. Say. A. Word. Dad made me." I grin in understanding, still trying to match the image with my brother, who usually wears ratty tee shirts and grimy jeans. Eventually, I wander to my room, and put on my only nice outfit, a sundress with a white top, green skirt and little daisies around the hemline. It's a little short, but it still fits. I even tie a blue bow around Pepper. Or try to. He seems to think it's some kind of cat toy. I quickly walked to the reaping square, determined to get a good spot to watch. Of course I'm nervous, but walking slow won't change that. I hear the soft crunching of leaves behind me, and know my family's following me. But I'm really not in the mood to talk. Somehow I end up near the front, and I watch the mayor lethargically rise to his feet and tell, in a low, plodding voice, the history of the districts. I spend the entire time imagining the capitol. I almost miss the drawing of the girl's name- someone named Wanda. I've never seen her before. She looks about 14. I grit my teeth. Now's the time. "I volunteer as tribute!"