did. When he came to the sitting room, he realized he still didn't feed the geese and he shook his head frustrated. Haymitch was not the kind of man that liked to do any kind of things, but he promised the kids he would do at least one thing in his boring life, that he would care at least about one thing, so he decided to buy those geese. He told Peeta and Katniss he would take care of two geese, and they looked at him, laughing surprised. "Haymitch Abernathy, when I told you to take care of something, I meant you would go into gardening or even start a job; you surprised me, I must admit!", said Peeta and Haymitch feeling offended left their house, back to his and he drank until he lost consciousness. The next day he was woken up with someone knocking at his door and when he went down, he found two geese in front of his door. This way started his feeding geese that in time became twenty, instead of two, as he once said: "They could be four in one day and the next day already eight and I would not be surprised." In time he admitted he liked feeding them because he could do something during the day, instead of only drinking; sometimes happened, of course, that he decided to drink and he almost forgot to feed them, but he quickly found out that if he didn't feed them, they still lived. Today was the exact day in which he didn't really want to feed them, but since he didn't do it the day before either, he thought it would be a shame if one them died because of hunger; and to be totally honest something like that happened in those three years. When he was already in the pen, Haymitch noticed there was no food to feed the with, so he came back towards his house and he almost clashed with Effie that was just going out of the house. "Watch where you step, sweetheart", said mockingly Haymitch, grinning. The woman looked at him disappointingly rolling her eyes, her hands on her hips, while her notebook fell to the ground. "Maybe you- oh, get over it! I was willing to go to see Peeta and Katniss properly and I don't want to argue, so can we just go on our roads, instead of this?" she asked, irritated. He shrugged and nodded, going past her to go into the house. She took her notebook from the ground and moved towards the kids' house. Haymitch closed the door after him, he went to the kitchen and he looked for some vegetables in the fridge. After years of feeding geese, he knew perfectly what was their favorite food and when he found the lettuce, he took it and he went back to the pen to feed them. It didn't take him a long time to finish all the feeding, and when he was already done, he went straight to his house, to the sitting room. He sat comfortably on the couch and he started drinking. It was a good feeling for him, the alcohol burning down his throat, the warm feeling of liquor in his body and he closed the eyes to enjoy the feeling better. He was a drunkard and he liked liquor, even if he knew that whiskey was stronger. But Haymitch didn't drink only for fun or for the burning feeling of the alcohol in his body; he drank because he needed to swallow and drown the ghosts of his past. He knew that when he would lose his senses, he would not dream, so he would not have nightmares either. Speaking of which, his nightmares were always different, but still similar. In them he always found himself back in the Arena, but instead of the Tributes, there was his family, killed by him. After years of being a drunk, he knew, also, that drinking would not wipe his pain away. Drinking helped him to forget it for a while, to burn it, but the day after drinking, he would wake up and feel it again. He would drink again; that's what he did during his years of mentoring tributes until Peeta and Katniss came. Now it consisted still in drinking, yes, but only after feeding geese. He didn't mind this life and he found it even amusing. It was an unusual way of living and if he told his twenty-old-self that besides drinking he would also feed geese, he would laugh and not believe until it would actually happen. Haymitch was not stupid either: he knew that drinking too much would kill him; of course that was his dream when he was younger, but after the end of the war, even if he didn't take full advantage of the end of it, he didn't want to die. He wanted to live, with his nightmares and geese. Stupid idea of life, but truth be told, Haymitch believed, deep down, the kids loved him and he didn't want to leave them alone. But he would never admit that, of course. He was a proud man and stubborn and drinking made him forget even that. So he drank. He took one sip, then another and another one again; he drank even after his sight became blurred; he drank until he lost his senses and his last thought, even if he didn't realize it was: A month... Hey everyone! This is my first story about Hayffie and just the second one in English, so I hope I didn't mess up anything. I wanted to explain a few things, before I leave you here, so please, pay a bit of attention at what I say: In the FF you will find lesbian sex, violence-mention, rape-kind stuff and death threatens. That's all! I hope you enjoyed the first chapter and you found the characters at least a bit IC! Love y'all, reviews are love! Agni x