to thirteen. Johanna struggling to keep from having a full blown panic attack. Johanna knew that Katniss was still unware of what she had gone through at the capitol. She knew that if she had another panic attack the doctors would confine her back to the hospital wing with a morphling drip into her arm. Johanna did not want that to happen again. The withdrawal from the morphling nearly killed her last time; she did not want to have to suffer the weeks of aches, shakes, and unsteadiness all over again. Johanna gritted her teeth and made a mad dash for the district thirteen compound. They arrived back at the compound drenched with rain water. Johanna was failing at keeping her breath calm and steady. She could feel the fear trying to set in. Luckily Katniss took notice of Johanna's impending meltdown. "Come on, Jo let's get back to the room and dry off then we will take the meat to the kitchen" Katniss told the shorter woman. Katniss may not have known what was causing Johanna to freak out, but she knew that Jo would hate for anyone to see. Taking Johanna's hand into her own Katniss lead the way to the small room they shared. Once the two women reached their room Katniss threw a towel to Johanna. "Here start drying yourself off, then explain." Johanna paused drying herself off to stare at Katniss. The look on the Mockingjay's face told Johanna that there would be no getting out of this one. A shiver ran over Johanna's skin reminding her just how wet she was. Johanna simply nodded "Okay, I will tell you once we are both dried off and in dry clothes." Katniss nodded back to Johanna before she grabbed some dry clothes from her dresser and disappeared into the bathroom to change. Once both women were once again dry and in fresh clothing they both sat down on Johanna's bed. "Okay Johanna you know what happened to me. It is only fair I know what happened to you." Katniss sternly told the older woman. Johanna sucked in a breath "When I was Snow's prisoner they tortured me for any information I could give them. When beating did not work they tried to get me to talk by pouring…" Johanna paused as a violent shiver coursed through her body. Katniss wrapped Johanna in her arms just as Johanna had done when Katniss had broken down crying about Gale raping her. The older woman took comfort in the soft warm arms wrapped around her. Johanna took another deep breath to calm herself before continuing "They would hook me up to electrodes, pour gallons of ice water on me until I was soaked to the bone and the they would shock me." Katniss felt her arms tighten around Johanna in anger. Here was another person whom had their life destroyed by Snow and his people. Katniss was pissed at what Johanna had been though. Katniss once again swore her silent vow to end Snow's chaos and to avenge people like herself, Johanna, and Annie. Katniss felt a new type of rage consuming her as she vowed to protect Johanna. The only other time Katniss had felt this level of rage and protectiveness before was when Prim had been reaped. It was weird for Katniss to feel this way about Jo the only people she had ever truly felt like this for was her family. Katniss felt her own heart constrict at Johanna's pain. Just like when she had found Peeta nearly dead in the first hunger games. Katniss was shocked to realize that she was starting to care for Johanna just like she had Peeta. When Peeta had died Katniss knew that she had been lost for five days afterwards. The only thing that brought her out of it was a message Haymitch had given her from Peeta. Haymitch had told her "Sweetheart, Peeta said to tell you 'that he knows you loved him and that was sorry for not being able to be strong enough for you.' He said 'to find someone stronger than him so you could help each other through the true tough times that lie ahead.' That boy really did love you, Sweetheart. Honor his wishes, Katniss. It would break his heart to know you are suffering like this." Haymitch had turned and walked away from Katniss after that not even giving her the chance to reply or thank him. With Peeta's final words in her heart she had done just that. Katniss had been fine for two weeks until the night with Gale. Katniss suppressed the shiver that wanted to travel her spine and skin and turned her focus to the smaller woman whom she held in her arms. Johanna shook in Katniss' arms. She took the comfort Katniss was offering her without a second thought. One of the few places Jo felt safe was in Katniss' arms. Not that the younger woman held her often, but when she did Jo took the time to enjoy it while the comfort lasted. Johanna had no idea what Katniss was thinking based on the pensive look on the taller brunette's face. Johanna heard take a breath before meeting her gaze. "Johanna remember when you said that I did not have to be strong around you?" Johanna nodded unsure of what Katniss was getting at. "Well how about from now on you don't have to be strong around me either. It is only fair that we lean on each other. Neither of us are going to judge each other." Johanna was stunned by Katniss' offer. Jo had never had anyone to lean on before; just herself. Johanna looked into Katniss' deep chocolate brown eyes and nodded her head "Okay, we can be weak together." Johanna said with a dry weak chuckle. A/N: Constructive reviews are welcome; but please no flames. This is my first fanfic like this. Sorry if anyone seems OOC. Thanks for reading ~ Katt.