jolts upwards and looks around. I'm not in the Hunger Games; I'm in my bedroom on the train. The train to the hunger games. Oh, yeah. I'm in the Hunger Games. Funny, the things that slip your mind. And I'm not covered in sweat, wait, I am, wait, I'm not. What the heck is going on? Am I going insane? If I am let's hope it will make me want to kill people. Wait, what? Yep, I'm going insane. I stand up and see my reflection in the mirror. I don't look bad, so I leave the room and enter a room with a table in it. The table is set with luxury food and cutlery. I sit down at the table across from Benedict. 'You missed dinner last night.' He says. I shrug. 'I wasn't hungry; I'd eaten a whole fish before the reaping.' He laughs. 'I heard that the tribute from district 11 had shoved all their food in with their hands.' He says, taking a sip from his glass. 'What is that?' I ask, gesturing to the liquor in the glass. 'Wine. It's very uncommon in district 4.' 'Must be, I've never heard of it in my life.' 'District 12 has alot of it. Well, may I correct myself; Haymitch Abernathy has alot of it.' 'Isn't he the mentor that's always drunk?' I ask. 'Yeah, that's him.' 'Well, that partially explains why 12 never win.' 'That's one explanation.' As Benedict says this Finnick walks in and falls onto the chair next to me. 'Hiya.' He says before leaning over the table and taking a sugar cube from a bowl and popping it into his mouth. Benedict sighs. 'They're supposed to go in the tea.' He says. Finnick shrugs. 'There's no rule against it, so you aren't stopping me.' I giggle. Matthew walks in. 'You took your time.' I say. I notice he is completely groomed. 'Well, some of us take more interest in our appearance than others.' He says before taking a seat across from Finnick, next to Benedict. I roll my eyes. 'Yeah, when I'm covered in blood about to kill you I don't think either of us will care about our appearance.' Finnick hits me lightly on the arm. 'Oi,' he says, 'how many times do I have to tell you to keep the threats for the arena?' I put on a mock-decisive face and say, 'Ummm, five.' He chuckles. 'Where is breakfast anyway?' he asks. 'We're waiting for Mags,' says Benedict. 'We have to at least have some manners.' 'Oh, please!' I say. 'I haven't eaten since yesterday!' Matthew snorts. 'What?' I snap '"I haven't eaten since yesterday" she says. Try living where I live.' He says. 'I live next door to you! The one difference is that I know how to actually get food!' I yell. Mags eventually arrives and the food is brought out. The food on my plate is foreign to me. I look up at Benedict. 'What is this?' I ask him. 'Bacon and Eggs,' he replies 'Not everyone takes a liking to it, but give it a try, you'll never know.' I shrugged and put some of what if thought was bacon on my fork and shoved it into my mouth. 'That's good!' I said before I'd even swallowed so it sounded more like 'thas goof!' Benedict grimaced. 'Manners, please?' he asked in an exasperated tone. I roll my eyes and swallow. 'Would you rather me spit it out all over you?' I say. Mags and Finnick chuckle. Matthew just glares at me. We eat the rest of our food in silence and when we finish Benedict stands up. 'Today we will be arriving in the capitol.' He announces, 'You will be taken to your stylists.' He turns to look at me. 'I've gotten word to keep you away from the crowd; they've already taken a liking to you due to your performance at the reaping.' 'Why do I need to be kept away?' I ask out of curiosity. 'I don't know, that's all I've been told.' He replies. 'Anyway, when you meet your stylists they're going to do the normal stuff, waxing your legs, plucking your eyebrows. Things like that. Once that is done you'll be handed to your main stylist, they'll put you in your outfits for the tributes parade.' The tributes parade. I'd almost forgotten about that. The first chance to get the capitol to like you. Let's hope my stylist is better than last years, they dressed them up as fish. Sexy. Benedict talks for a little while more before sitting down. Then Finnick starts talking about what to do in the arena. 'Going to the cornucopia is a risky decision but if you go to it, just get out of there quickly unless you feel like participating in the bloodbath. Veronica, please don't participate in that, I can see you turning it over in your head but don't, that's an almost guaranteed death sentence. It doesn't matter if you have to kill someone in the process of getting out, just get out.' After this, there silence and feeble small talk until Finnick just gives up and leaves. Benedict and Mags leave of their own accord so it's just me and Matthew alone. 'You know, I'm not sorry for what I said yesterday.' He says. I look up at him. 'Well, you better start feeling sorry because nobody talks about my family like that. Dead or alive.' 'Well, I have, and you can't do anything about it.' I feel the blood rushing to my cheeks. I pick up the butter knife next to my right hand and throw it at the wall behind him, it sticks and shakes from the impact. The expression on his face is one of shock before he makes it calmer. 'You missed.' He says menacingly. I narrow my eyes. 'I wasn't aiming for you.' I hiss before standing up and walking out. And that is how you make an exit.