you'd picked another name, we'd still have the games. Katniss wouldn't be the mockingjay and President Snow would still be alive. We'd still be training two kids to fight to the death, and then we'd watch them die. Nothing will have changed. I know we...lost people..." He needed a drink more and more by the second. "But it's better this way. No one else is going to die." "But what about Katniss...? She did everything for Prim...She'd have given her life for her." As far as Haymitch knew, Effie was an only child. He hadn't asked to be honest. That was her business. But she seemed to be making an effort to understand how Katniss must have been feeling. "Peeta will look after her. They'll look after eachother." He said, minimally. Effie's eyes filled with tears. "And what about us? Will we be alright?" There was a lengthy pause that followed. Would they be alright? Effie would, surely. She'd go back to the Capitol, and continue her life where she left off. As for him...well...he would just go back to District Twelve and drink. "We'll be fine." He nodded. "Especially you. You'll be about of here before you know it." -x-x-x- The next two weeks were pretty much uneventful. Haymitch would still visit every day, and he and Effie would just sit and talk for a while. Not about heavy stuff, though. Just small talk, about the weather and the brand of whiskey Haymitch was drinking. The doctors had told Haymitch that Effie would be released from hospital on Friday. Today, Thursday, Haymitch walked into Effie's room, and smirked when he saw her. She was sitting up in bed. She had no IV's in her now, so she looked vaguely normal again. Her wounds were healing and fading, too, thanks to the fancy medicine the Capitol hospitals always stocked. Haymitch's grin broadened when he saw that Effie was picking at her lunch – it looked revolting; just a bowl of green mush. "I thought you Capitol people ate better food than this, Trinket?" He guffawed, sitting on his usual chair beside the bed. "It's called hospital food, Haymitch." Effie grumbled, dejectedly. "We have a choice between cold mush or cold nothing." Haymitch laughed, and shook his head. "Well tomorrow, you'll be able to go out for some proper food. Get a bit more meat back on you." He was smiling, but he took the last part of that remark seriously. She'd lost so much weight in prison. The wind would threaten to sweep her away if she lost much more. She wasn't eating much of the food here, either, but now he could see why. Effie stiffened and pushed her bowl away, looking restless. "What's wrong, sweetheart?" "It's just...I don't know what I'm going to do...when I get out of here, I mean." "Well isn't it obvious?" Haymitch replied, with an eyebrow raised. "You'll go back to your apartment, and take a bubble bath like girls do, and then you'll probably go on a date with whatever guy you meet on the way home." "You make me sound like a hooker, Haymitch. How much have you had to drink today?" Haymitch grinned, slyly. "Not much." He took a small flask out of his pocket. "Half of this left. Once I've left you I'll probably drop by a liquor store or something." "You're not allowed that in here, Haymitch. They'll-" "Oh calm down, you nag. I've been bringing it for weeks. If they were going to notice, they would have by now." He laughed at the expression on Effie's face. Usually, her discontented look irritated him, but in this instance, it was comical. "I never saw you." "That's because I either took it out when you were asleep or not looking, Princess. I'm not dumb enough to wave this thing in front of your nose." "You just did..." She pointed out. "Well you asked. And anyway, I haven't been too drunk while I've been to see you, have I?" "Well two days ago, you could scarcely walk." Effie responded. By the look on her face, she was trying to decide whether to be disgusted or amused. "I'm surprised they didn't throw you out." Haymitch batted his hand, impatiently. "Well they didn't." Effie nodded. "When are you going back to Twelve?" "Trying to get rid of me, sweetheart?" He smirked. Effie shook her head, quickly. "No...I was merely being curious." "The day after tomorrow. I'll make sure you get home alright, maybe listen to you babble for a little while, and then spend one more night here. The train leaves at three on Saturday afternoon. Sorry, Princess, but I don't think I can be here much longer." What he really meant was 'I can't stand to be around these people any longer', but he wasn't going to tell her that. "Good...well not good...but you know what I mean." "Yeah, I know, Eff." He stood up. "So I'll come get you tomorrow, and we'll either go to your apartment first, or we can go out to eat." He was startling himself with his words. He never went anywhere in Twelve, except to buy liquor. He ventured out even less at the Capitol. But hey, he was trying to make his friend feel better. He didn't expect this to be easy for her, either. Effie seemed to notice the change in his demeanour too, because she looked puzzled. "Did you get a brain transplant?" "No..." Haymitch frowned. "I think your lectures on manners finally rubbed off on me. Don't worry though, I'll try and be my usual, obnoxious self tomorrow, especially for you." He beamed, his silvery grey eyes twinkling at her. She looked away, embarrassed. "Maybe you could save that for when you're back at Twelve?" "Whatever you want, sweetheart." Author's Note:- Well, I hope you liked it for a first chapter, people! Reviews would be very much appreciated! The more I get, the more motivated I'll be to write. :) Enjoy! x