to come to this, that's why I couldn't let anyone know you were mine, but now that it has, we'll get you through this, and then I'll answer any questions you like. All right?" Seph yanked his hands out of her grip. "Don't try that on me," he warned her. "I've spent the last three years resisting the power of suggestion, I'm not about to swallow it from you." Linda flinched. Seph ruthlessly pushed back any regret. If he was going to resist her, he had to be firm. Her subtle promise of a future family was far more tempting than Dr. Leicester's battering ram approach to convincing them that to die was glorious. "All right," she said quietly. "We don't have to talk about this now. Do you need anything?" He shrugged. "I - " He bit off the words, then finished them anyway. "I wouldn't mind some company." "Of course," she said immediately. "I'm sure I can convince them to let me stay the whole time since there aren't any other visitors waiting." Seph was sure she could too. People rarely refused Linda Downey anything. Then the rest of what she said hit him. "Hastings isn't coming?" Linda hunched a little. "He doesn't know." Didn't know? He'd been up on the stage with all the other victors, hadn't he? How could he not - Oh. Well. That made it a bit easier to forgive him for not paying attention, at least. (It's easy to say that being the child of a previous victor is bad luck, but there isn't anything you can do to change it, is there? No matter how hard your parents try to.) 12. Don't get too close to a victor. Or a victor's daughter. District One Bingley was a fool. Darcy had told him so, repeatedly, but Bingley had refused to listen. If it had been foolishness like Caroline's, it would have been one thing. No doubt the president had gotten a good laugh out of watching Darcy squirm as he beat a hasty retreat from her attentions. Bingley's foolishness was of another sort entirely, and it was of a far more dangerous kind. "Come now, Darcy, I'm only being neighborly," Bingley had always cried. 'Neighborly' seemed a bit of a stretch when it was a thirty minute walk between their properties, but Darcy had no objections to a truly neighborly acquaintance; his aunt had been inviting the Bingleys to her Christmas gala for years. No, to that even President Snow could have no objection. The problem came with Bingley's frequent visits and the invitations that for Georgiana's sake he could not in good conscience refuse. "If you dislike me that much, Darcy - " And there he had always cut his friend off. A mistake, he saw now, because it had never been a matter of liking but of safety. The president would not, could not, ignore or tolerate someone who transformed a suitably reclusive and self-destructive victor into someone that could reasonably be called philanthropic and charitably be called amiable, or at least not antisocial. He ought to have been more careful. He'd thought he'd learned his lesson when his parents were killed and had been sure of it when Fitzwilliam had been reaped. He'd only allowed himself Elizabeth's company when Kitty and Lydia were lost to the Games; that one victor's daughter might be reaped was only expected, two was at least possible at a stretch, but three strained credulity, and she was now safely in her twenties, besides. He'd badly needed her laughing eyes, so he'd allowed himself to answer her quick tongue. But perhaps that too had been a mistake. His halting attempts at courtship had required much help from Georgiana and Bingley and had thrown the latter into a closer acquaintance with Jane with all too predictable results. Bingley had, in short, strolled into Victor's Village with an amiable smile and the inevitability of a battering ram, and he had forced the victors out of isolation and into connection with the rest of the district. Connected victors were dangerous victors, but Darcy had allowed himself to forget. To hope. Now he stared helplessly as Bingley mounted the stage. Caroline had fainted. Jane and Georgiana were pale with horror; Elizabeth supported them both with strength like steel. Mr. Bennett sighed beside him. "If my wife were here, there'd be hysterics by now," he murmured. Mrs. Bennett had not been anywhere since her nervous collapse after Wickham had killed Lydia in the Games a year ago, and Darcy couldn't help but feel a reminder of their previous failures was not what was needed just now. Aunt de Burgh remained impassive, but Knightley was tense for another reason entirely. Their escort, Harriet Smith, made her way to the girl's bowl. Despite all her efforts, she was a bit plumper than last year, but, unfortunately, her mind had as little weight as ever. She smiled as she pulled out the name. Georgiana was still eligible. That was the only thing that pulled his eyes from Bingley's back. "Emma Woodhouse." Knightley's hands clenched. "Volunteers?" Harriet asked cheerfully. Three girls jumped forward to fight it out. The Peacekeepers tightened around the boys to keep them from doing so. Darcy paid no attention to the bids and counter-bids. He already knew how this would end. Sure enough, Emma was the one who ascended the stage with so much dignity he could almost believe she truly considered it an honor. He wasn't sure if it had been rigged, or if she was just too proud to be spared. It didn't matter. Knightley was whiter than a pearl from Four. You fool, Darcy thought. You should have waited. He wasn't sure who he was talking to, but whoever it was, it was far too late. (Being near victors is a dangerous thing. Of course, leaving them to self-destruct isn't any better, and this way, at least, the damage done is in the name of good, not apathy.)