boys, they all throw their heads back and make a sound with the back of their throats. Choke . She choked. She won all of the fake pageants and then the first year she's eligible to actually win it she blows it. All because she froze when she saw Peeta watching her. She misses him. Lux won their age group. She was taken. Katniss doesn't mind. She never liked her anyway. She doesn't like to cry, but when some of the older boys begin to pick on her she finds herself losing confidence. She always had such an effect on everyone, even the boys like Marvel who were a year ahead of her. But, with Marvel off to train, his group of cronies pull at her braids and one even tries to claim her as a plaything. She doesn't like it. She screams during upper school recess when a boy from her class, Fame, tells her that she's worth as much as dirt. She's just turned thirteen. Her body is changing in ways she doesn't quite understand. Peeta is gone. He spends his days on the other side of the yard from her. She misses him, his gentleness, his unwavering kindness so rare amongst the boys in her district. Fame kisses her on the lips, sticks his hands in her shirt, but then someone comes up behind him and chucks him across the yard. They get sent to the principal's office together. Peeta's knuckles are the color of rubies, the liquid from Fame's broken nose dripping to the floor. Katniss's braid is falling out from her attempts to make them stop. The principal sighs and shakes his head at them. "What am I going to do with you two?" he asks. Neither of them answers. Her parents have never been completely attentive. It's worse now. Her father doesn't come home for days in a row and her mother wanders around the district gossiping. Neither of them really knows what's going on with their daughters. If they did, they would have noticed Buttercup, the world's ugliest cat, has now taken up permanent residency in Primrose's room. And that Katniss, by the time she's fourteen, does not sleep by herself. No one in District One marries for love. There is no such thing. People are paired based on ranking systems arranged through the pageants. Top place go to the Games, and then after that everyone marries their equal. It makes things simpler. Love is a weakness, something still indulged in by those in the outlying districts, and they are better than that. Peeta's parents are just as inattentive as hers, so it's easy for him to sneak out in the night and climb up her window. Katniss likes the thrill of it. Something just sort of snapped in them after the incident with Fame. Peeta kissed her that day and it had been awkward and wet, but nice. So very nice. A fire in the pit of her stomach grew and grew and she knew she wanted another. She's from One. She's greedy. She took another. And another. And another. People in the schoolyard whisper about them, but they're always careful. They know not to hold hands in front of people or kiss in public. In some ways, she's glad that Peeta was angry with her that day when they were twelve. If he hadn't of been, she probably would have won and then she'd be gone. And she wouldn't be feeling like this. When she's sixteen, she asks, "When did you know?" "That I loved you?" he asks. She nods her head. He pretends to think for a moment and she hits his arm with her fist. "The second day of school. When you wore the red plaid dress and you didn't care what anyone else thought. It only grew from there." "Is that why you got mad at me when I kissed your head?" He nods. "I was upset that you didn't love me back." "I do now," she says. They stay quiet for a moment. "Peeta, what are we going to do?" Primrose Everdeen's name is called at the reaping of the Seventy-fourth Hunger Games. She doesn't go. A girl Katniss never really knew volunteers in her place. Glimmer. She's been training for years. For the boys, Marvel volunteers. He's so excited, he mistakenly does it before the reaped name is called, and the escort lets it slide. After the reaping, Katniss watches Prim walk back toward home with the group of giggly girls that follow her. ( She'll be fine , she tells herself. She's got Buttercup. ) Then she takes Peeta's hand. They walk toward the fence, which is really only there for show, and she looks up at him. He looks down at her, confused. "Peeta, if I asked you to run away from the district with me, would you?" she asks. He steps toward her and takes her face in his hands, kissing her for the last time within district boundaries. It's her answer. They know they'll be caught if they even make it in the woods for more than a day. The capitol will find them, cut out their tongues or worse, but if they stay that's the end. When they're eighteen they'll be separated, forced into marriages based on rankings to produce the best possible offspring. She can't survive without him, so she'd rather die with him. Peeta sneaks under first. The fence isn't on because no one from their district has ever even tried to escape. Katniss slides under and takes his hand. "Stay with me?" she asks. Until they catch us. Until we eat something we shouldn't. Until we die. He nods. "Always." And they go. The title comes from the song God Help The Outcasts sung by Heidi Mollenhauer for the Disney film The Hunchback of Notre Dame . Thanks for reading! I hope you all enjoyed it. Part II should be up soon. Let me know what you think!