on her chest like that. They just said she died." "I thought your dad said your mom was out of town." "Effie and Haymitch are my aunt and uncle, not my mom and dad. My mom died right in front of me and no one banged on her chest like that. Was I supposed to?" His classmates were down in the gallery of ORs watching surgery, reading through patient charts, and learning how to be a doctor. Finnick did not sign up for this. What was he supposed to say? He didn't even know how her mom died - a car accident, a heart attack, cancer? Endless possibilities presented in front of him, but what was he supposed to do with them? "Sometimes people just die, Katniss, and as much as we try to save them, we just can't." He looked up at her forehead. "Come on, kid, you're bleeding. Let's get you mended before Haymitch comes back and thinks I tried to do you in." He set the girls up in a vacant stall in the ER, one right next to the other. Prim got a mouthful of her medicine, a little overdue, and Katniss's forehead scrape happened to be just a tad too deep for a bandage. As he readied the supplies, he wondered if maybe he should get a real doctor in here to do the stitches so when his boss came to find them later in the day he could at least say he did that right. But, his vanity won out over that. If he was going to go down in history as the intern fired on the first day, at the very least he wanted to do the two sutures that were going to end his career. "You're a nice doctor, Finnick," Prim said, leaning back on her hands and swinging her feet off the edge of the exam table. "I'm not a doctor yet, Prim. Not really. Your uncle's going to teach me." "You're going to be a head doctor!" Prim squealed. Then she pointed to Katniss's forehead. "And you're fixing Katniss's head right now." He decided not to correct her, figuring she was too young to understand. Instead, he focused on making the two sutures the prettiest he'd ever done. "You shouldn't even have that big of a scar," he said. Katniss smiled. He stood from his stool. "Alrighty, girls, let's get out of here. I think I saw some board games hanging around the breakroom while Prim and I were on our manhunt. Why don't we find one?" Prim leaped into his arms and gave him a broad grin. "I want Candyland!" Finnick winced. "I don't think they had that one, but we might be able to find a chessboard or maybe if we're lucky some Chutes and Ladders." Prim wrinkled her nose at the suggestions, but didn't object. They entered the elevator and Katniss glanced at herself in the mirrored finish of the elevator doors, gingerly touching the bandage covering her stitches as she did so. "On a scale of you're fine to you're fired, how upset is your uncle going to be?" Katniss turned to him, her face showing her deeply in thought. "I think Haymitch is going to like you." She shrugged and turned away. "And if he's mad, I'll tell the truth and he'll be mad at me, not you." The elevator doors dinged and the three stepped off. Notes: Gloss, Brutus, Cato, Thresh, and Rue all have the last name of their actors. I chose to give Chaff and Seeder first names that I thought were a little more in-line with the given names of the characters than that of their actors – I just thought Roger and Maria sounded a tad too common amongst Haymitch and Finnick. Maren Hawes, the patient at the beginning, can be seen as the District 4 tribute in Katniss's games, or she can just be an extra. I am not a doctor and definitely not a surgeon. I've just watched a lot of Grey's Anatomy and ER. Thus, Katniss and Peeta's medical conditions are taken from Grey's so I could at least try to get it right. Peeta is a play on Clara Ferguson from season 6. Katniss is taken from Holly Anderson in season 5. When Finnick explains the reasons behind Katniss's death, that is almost verbatim from the speech Dr. Dixon gave during the Holly Anderson episode. I did not feel confident enough in my abilities to paraphrase too much without getting something wrong. Haymitch's speech to Plutarch about his "options" also stems from Grey's – this time from season 11, episode 21. Grey's fans will recognize this from Meredith. I suppose writing this was cathartic for me – I am still bitter about the way Shonda chose to kill off Derek. It's one of the very few mistakes I think she's made thus far...but I digress. An Easter Egg for Grey's fans: the doctor coming to get the lungs for Grey-Sloan's patient Cato is Dr. Alex Karev. He brought along intern Isaac Cross who I've thought looked like he could be a Mellark cousin of some sort since his first episode. Seneca Crane's speech to the interns during Finnick's first flashback is paraphrased from Grey's. It's the same speech Dr. Webber gives the interns every year. This is what originally fueled me into making a Grey's/THG crossover – "your arena", it was asking to be written. That being said, I changed it up to better portray Neuro versus General. After doing some research, I learned that neurosurgeons do not need to do a general surgery residency and thus this is a major change from Grey's Anatomy. The final scene with Haymitch is inspired by a scene in season 6, episode 9 "New History" which I thought was particularly powerful on the show. I think that's all. Hope you enjoyed it. Big thank you to Abbie for being my cheerleader with this. Now off to finish my WIPs.