The blue haired girl, May, asked seriously. "No… it's just…" "You're taking too long." The tattooed man snarled, gripping the buttoned up shirt and yanked it open. Buttons flew everywhere but the scary man didn't seem to care as he gripped my pants and yanked them off as well. I yelped as my naked flesh made contact with the cool air and my tail wrapped around my waist. The three stared at me with wide eyes before the tattooed man ripped my beanie off, revealing my blonde cat ears. "KAWAII~!" May and the rainbow haired man squealed. "How… did they…?" The tattooed man sounded furious. "Eric! Be nice! This boy was just shy about sharing these with us! Nothing to worry about young one! I assure you the ENTIRE capitol will think you're just DARLING!" Rainbow man cried. "Oh… right… I'm happy!" I said with a forced smile, giving Eric a subtle nod to confirm his thought. "Well let's get to work, Neko-Chan!" May cheered happily. "What? My name is Peeta not Neko-Chan or whatever you said." I said questioningly. "Okay! Let's get going!" Rainbow man said smiling. (Time skip) I lay naked on a table waiting for my main stylist to arrive. Apparently her name was Portia, I hope she's nice. The door opened and a light brown skinned woman with black curls walked into the room. Her only make up was gold eye liner framing her chocolate eyes. "Why, hello Peeta. The stylists have informed on your situation. Do you feel comfortable showing them to the world just yet? Or do you want to keep them a secret?" Portia asked. "Maybe I could have a hood on my costume so that if I feel really bold I can take the hood off?" I asked, brainstorming out loud. "Great idea, Peeta! If you do decide on revealing your ears and tail that will make the crowd remember you… hm… I'll discuss some idea's with Cinna since we have two hours before the parade… Are you scared of fire?" I shook my head and Portia smiled, "Good!" (Time skip) We went through some ideas with Cinna and Katniss and finally we decided on both me and Katniss wearing long cloaks, both with hoods, and when I was ready I would poke Katniss and we would each twirl around which would make the capes disappear in smoke and underneath we would each be wearing flame clothes. My outfit was a black button up shirt with flames coming off the back and matching black pants. Katniss was wearing a dress that would appear to be made entirely out of flames. I put the cloak on and raised the hood over my head and Katniss did the same and we got into our chariot. The district one tributes went in first in their ridicules pink fluff covered costumes and the crowd roared with cheers. District two went next and I caught a few glimpses of shinning gold but didn't see the whole outfit. The crowd's screams raised in pitch as one by one each chariot entered. Soon we were watching district 11 enter and I felt my heart shuddering and thumping. These were the people responsible for my cat accessories, could I really face them? What if they think I'm a freak? Yes! I can do this! They're gonna love us! I encouraged myself as the chariot started to move. The crowd went silent and stared at us each cloaked in our pitch black smoking outfits. I glanced around the crowd, hood still securely over my head, and noticed a lady near the front who had hair that was bright red and her skin was the same color as broccoli. Was I seriously worrying about these people thinking I'M the freak? My confidence was higher now that I saw that these people would indeed love me when they saw my cat ears. That didn't mean that I forgive the capitol for what it has done to me. I still hated it with my all my guts but if I wanted to live then I had to get on these peoples good sides. I let my finger softly nudge Katniss's hand and she looked surprised. We had to go though because the cheering had gone down considerably. Slowly we raised our hands into the air and whirled around. Screams sounded as our long cloaks disappeared in a large cloud of smoke. When the smoke cleared, the entire stadium was silent and then all at once the crowd roared and cheered. I watched as several people swooned and I grinned shyly. Finally we got to where the chariots were all positioned and listened to President Snow's speech. Then our chariots rode off stage. "You were FABULOUS! Everyone is going to be talking about district 12!" Cinna cheered hugging both me and Katniss. "Great Job, Peeta! You were so brave!" Portia congratulated, also hugging us. "You did alright, kid." Haymitch said in his gravelly voice, but I swear I saw a little pride shining in his eyes, "Sponsors are already lining up for-" he cut off and stared behind us. I turned and looked around as well and saw a huge boy wearing gold armor and a matching wreath balancing on his blonde locks. Even from the distance I could see his green eyes boring into mine. I tilted my head curiously and watched in shock as his eyes swept over me and he… he… OH MY FUCKING GOD! DID THAT BRUTE JUST FUCKING LICK HIS LIPS?! YAY! I'm sorry there is no delicious yaoi just yet but I snuck some in at the end just cause I couldn't help it! This was kind of a failed attempt at a cliffy but will you please tell me what you think of it? I really like comments! They're awesome! So pwetty pwease? For the cute little uke that is Peeta? Okay! Thanks for reading and just hang with me! Yaoi lovin in the next chapter I promise!