How often does that happen? Make Barley tell you why he's excited to be a doctor and joke with him that it's not really about you – it's about him. It'll make him laugh. Listen – that's life. When I wake up, Katniss is sitting beside my bed. I don't think she realizes that I'm awake. She has her head on her folded hands. I see a set of rosary beads. I close my eyes while she prays. She hasn't done it in front of me before – I don't want to make her uncomfortable. When my eyes open again, she's reading a book. My eyes find the clock. I took a three hour nap. I don't have time for that. "Morning, hot shot." "Afternoon," I correct her. She rolls her eyes and shuts the book, but I shake my head. "What are you reading?" "It's for school," she says, holding up the The Invisible Man . "Read it aloud," I say. She gives me a look. "I like hearing your voice." She does. It's boring, but her voice can make anything interesting. I could go out now, listening to her. Her voice would guide me to the gates. What a way to die – on the wings of angels. I keep thinking of the night I almost caused a fire in the bakery. I was using a match to light the candle on Rye's birthday cake that I was supposed to carry out to the front where a bunch of his friends were waiting for him. It was a surprise. I dropped the match on the ground and fire licked at the floor. I stomped it out with my foot but not before the fire alarm started to go off and the fancy sprinkler system Dad had just installed soaked everyone. Mom got so mad at me for ruining her new outfit. "He looks peaceful." "He looks like he's sleeping." "They better not make him look like a frog at the wake." Slap. In my head, I laugh. I smell like I'm dying. I can't smell it of course, but I can see it on Katniss's face when she comes. Her nose always wrinkles once when she walks in. She's good at hiding stuff from me though. "I'm a living carcass, real or not real?" She shakes her head. "Real or not real?" "You're not a carcass," she says. I'm decaying. The smell of freshly baked bread. The sound of rain pounding on the roof. Paging Dr. Barley Mellark: What happens to the dead bodies after you finish with them? I am standing of the top of a large cliff. Down below there are a few other kids, all carcasses, and a monster. The minotaur. Greek mythology. Finnick taught me that. Athens had to send seven boys and seven girls to Crete to be devoured by the minotaur. The cruelest thing to do to the people of Athens is not to kill them. It's to kill their children. I am the sacrifice. "Peeta, wake up. It's not real." I open my eyes. Dad stares at me. Mom wipes sweat off my forehead with a cloth. "Are we Athenian?" There are so many things that I want to say to my dad. To everyone. But I can't. I'm already off to the minotaur. I've been at the top of this cliff from the moment I was diagnosed. I am falling, sinking into the devil's mouth. Maybe I'll come back to Katniss as someone else. She'll meet me in her first college class. Sit next to me and think I'm the ultimate geek like in those rom coms Johanna hates to admit she likes. I'll be there for her. I have to. I think she's my soulmate. How else do you explain her coming into my life just as it's ending. There is no point to that but pain. Every Katniss will meet every Peeta. We'll have a longer love next time. I cannot tell what is real and what isn't. Every question I ask in my head goes unanswered by those around me. "We're right here, Peeta. We're right here." If the sun shines on the day you die but your eyes are closed, will it matter? Katniss and I go to parent teacher conferences. Our kids are beautiful like her and smart to boot. A boy and a girl – perfect mixtures of the both of us. "Are his lungs supposed to sound like that?" "Rye, go get Dad." The closest star to us is four light years away. If it were to pop out of existence at this very moment, we wouldn't know for another four years. So, in reality, we could be looking at a dead star for years and never know. Johanna kicks the curb and scowls. Finnick beats everyone on the swim team by an entire lap. Dad put too much sugar in the sweet tea again. There are so many things that we want. I want to see a rainbow. I want Katniss to love me. I want one more breath. I want one more thing on my never-ending bucket list. A moment. Katniss. "Peeta?" You love me, real or not real? The answer is obvious. A/N Songs featured: "Teenage Crime" performed by Adrian Lux "Alone Together" performed by Fall Out Boy Title taken from "Be Still" performed by The Fray The final part cannot be formatted quite right on FF, but if you go to AO3, you can see the format with large spaces between text. If you'd like to see it, my AO3 account is under the same name as my name here (Dracoisalooker76) and can be found by clicking the link in my profile. Again, this story is based off the novel "Before I Die" by Jenny Downham. If you've read it, you'll notice a similar format and pattern to this piece. Thank you to Prompts In Panem over on tumblr for the opportunity to write three new fics this week.