Gale and Finnick. As she was still young in the supernatural world, she realized there was a high chance that she would be unable to overpower the Devil. So here they were, on the beautiful St. Augustine beach in Florida. It was not hard to identify which body the Devil controlled. Despite owning a mortal body, a beautiful one at that, its taste, tact and language remained true to its despiccable self. Such a shame to the the male that he is defiled so carelessly. The Devil roamed the earth at night, where it was in its element, wreaking havoc and mayhem to all it passed. So they searched for him in the night. It did not take long to identify him. And once they found him, Katniss was initially disappointed. Despite its mortal shell, the Devil was amazingly strong. She quickly realized that she did not have enough powers to chain it to the mortal body. Worse, while the devil frequented the body, it refused to completely settle into it. There was no way she could perform the binding ritual to chain it to the body when it was so restless inside of it. The energy required was way beyond what she and her friends could conjure at their level. What they needed was for the devil to inhabit the body night and day, creating a greater bond to it. She was sure that she, Gale and Finnick would then have enough in them to complete their task. So there. How does one get the Devil to frequent the body more? How does she encourage it to linger? It did not take too long for her to recognize its weakness-lust. It oozed out of every word, every action, every pore in its claimed body. Why else would the leader of the Underworld choose such an attractive shell of a human to invade and command if not to take advantage of its beauty. Katniss could not deny that the Devil had a good eye for beauty. The blond male was a rare jewel, no doubt opening up quite a few sexual opportunities with just one glance. Everything about the body, from the deep earth-colored eyes to the golden hued hair to the trim and tone body, cried out seduction. This mortal was the perfect sexual trap for any living human being. "Peeta," the Devil had introduced itself the other night, the voice alluring despite the filthy words that spilled out of his mouth. It was quite obvious that Katniss had attracted the Devil's attention. Peeta followed her like a lapdog, tending to her every need, hands roaming wildly and without any invitation. Its eyes were feral and hungry, its gaze predatory and arrogant. But Katniss was not an amateur. She smiled back seductively, adding just the right amount of confidence and mystery. She teased Peeta with promises of sex and allure while not really yielding to his demands. She lured him into one of the nearby apartments, making him pant and moan in wanton desire, but refused to give him any physical satisfaction. She had unclothed him to the point that left nothing to the imagination, his body arched and tense from arousal. Instead of offering relief, she laughed, blew him a kiss, gave him a teasing stroke and ran out the door claiming she had a real party to go to. And he loved every moment of it. Every time she came back, his needs were greater, his desire more pronounced, his hardness more obvious. He more easily yielded, usually undressing himself quite eagerly, only to remain hard and unattended to. They had played this game for a whole week when she realized something. She didn't need to lure the devil into its mortal body during the nighttime. He was habitually inhabiting the mortal body during those hours. What she needed to do was lure the devil to stay in the body when the sun came out! It was a revelation that relieved a lot of her frustrations with the situation. So there she stood, gazing at the lovely but receding backside of the mortal named Peeta, dazed by the short interaction. The Devil kept the mortal's soul in the body! Why? Unlike the past week, the male that now stood before her wreaked of innocence and purity. Gone was the arrogant, whorish, overly confident bastard she had witnessed. She stood, mouth wide in awe. "This is a little more intricate than I was led to believe," she spoke when she finally recovered her wits. Gale and Finnick exchanged a funny look, and she would not have described those faces as benign. They were part of an elite group of supernatural warriors after all. Peeta. The name danced off her tongue. She had spoken it countless times before, but she did not think of him other than the body that harbored the Devil. This being that was quickly trying to escape her presence wreaked of humanity. She could taste his loneliness and feel his repressed longing for love. Perhaps, she can use this to her advantage. There was one problem, though. In the past week, every single thing that Peeta did disgusted her to no end. She had no qualms about destroying him or sentencing him to eternity in darkness and despair. Just now, he was a totally different creature. Even if few words spewed from his mouth, there was a subtle difference in his muscles, whether it was his facial expression or his gait. Gone was the aggression, replaced by a gentleness she had not expected. True, his facade moments ago was one of indifference, but it seemed that the attitude was one honed through nearly three hundred years of torture and sadness. She wondered if the Devil had not inhabited the body, what would the real Peeta be like? For the first time since meeting him, Katniss was curious as to what would happen to the human Peeta should she chain the Devil's essence to his body?