make cookies for a bake sale two years ago. The talk is quiet and almost inane but by February I feel like I really know her rather than the girl I thought she was when I first found out she was still alive. It does nothing to cure my feelings for her. If anything it only intensifies them. I'm tying my shoelaces one day after rehab when she points to them. "You always do that," she says. "What?" "Double knot your shoelaces," she tells me. I never really noticed. It was just the way I was taught. "Haymitch never double knots his and he always ends up tripping when they come undone." We both share a chuckle. I lead her to my truck, letting her get in before going around to my side. It's a Friday, so we won't see each other until Monday. And then Valentine's Day is on Tuesday, something I shouldn't even be thinking about. "What do you do on the weekends?" Katniss asks, going to fiddle with my radio. She skips through three country stations until she settles on a station playing the top forty and then changes her mind and sets it to oldies. I roll my eyes and she sticks her tongue out at me. "Nothing really," I say once she's stopped fiddling. I put the truck in drive and start toward her house, taking the long route Prim showed me last week. If Katniss notices my new route she doesn't say anything. "We used to play pick up soccer when the snow disappeared but…well, that's out now. I usually just hang around at the bakery, take a shift or two." She nods and turns toward me. My eyes are focused on the road, making sure I don't take a wrong turn and get us lost in the side streets, but I can see her in my periphery vision. "You know, I haven't been there since I got sick." My heart starts pounding in my chest. Is she asking me to take her there sometime? Our town – well, my town, her old town – is nothing special. It's getting smaller and smaller by the day with the mines closed down and, because of its size, it's full of gossip, my mother being the ringleader. There's really not much to show. My mind flickers to Prim. Whenever she talks about Miner Falls she calls it home, even though she left when she was one. She introduced me to Haymitch, and various friends she's brought home from school, as a 'boy from back home'. Maybe Katniss feels the same way. The state capitol is where they live because it's near the hospital, it's where Haymitch lives, it's not their home. "I can take you there." Katniss nods her head. "I just have to tell Haymitch where I'm going." Oh, she wants to go now. Okay. I try to think while she runs in the house to tell her uncle where she's going. My parents will just be leaving when we get there. They're heading out to some wedding banquet a few towns over to bring the cake and desserts. I could just drive around, show her the woods, get as close to where the old mine was before they collapsed it. I suppose I could introduce her to Delly and Hersh. I'll have the bakery to myself, maybe I could teach her how to bake and not catch things on fire. Katniss jumps back in and smiles. "He said have fun." "Great. Let's hit the road." In the forty-five minutes it takes to get there, she changes the radio station a hundred times. Once we get off the highway, her head is glued to the window. I realize this is probably a big step for her. She didn't casually leave. When she left home, she wasn't vacationing. She went off to fight for her life and, even as young as she was, she probably figured she might not come back. The town square is already festive for Valentine's Day, the shop windows filled with huge pink hearts and banners stretch from light pole to light pole. I drive around a bit, pointing out various places of interest. I show her the school, the road that leads to the old mine, the mayor's house. There are three churches on our route and the volunteer fire department. Finally, we stop in front of the bakery and I turn the truck off, smiling as she takes in the place she might still call home. I step out of my side and go to open her door. She's still looking around when I offer up my hand. After a small intake of breath, she hesitantly reaches forward and locks her fingers in mine. I try to ignore the balls of fire shooting up my arm. "Welcome home," I tell her. She opens her mouth, as if to correct me, but then shakes her head. We stand in front of my truck for a minute, hands still entwined, and I'm trying to figure out what this means when I hear my dad shout from inside the bakery for me to come help. Katniss squeezes my hand, holding on tightly, and I find myself dreading the moment when I finally have to let go. The title of this story is taken from the Welsh poet Dylan Thomas' villanelle Do not go gentle into that good night. The Christmas carol Peeta listens to in the truck is Happy Xmas (War is Over) by Celine Dion. Any and all lines that sound familiar to you, such as Katniss saying "You have a remarkable memory" come from Suzanne Collins and are not mine. Also, I've never had an ACL reconstructed, so all my information is coming from internet research. I'm sorry if it's not accurate. Let me know what you think! I'm halfway through Part II right now and hope to post it within the week. Let me know what you think so far!