any more of those?" She asks, huddling into me, spreading her long slender fingers across my chest. "For you, of course?" I say to her, ignoring any doubts. Soon we are lost in a bubble of happiness, kisses and hugs. "Yo lovebirds it's time for the reaping." Apollo calls. She reluctantly pulls away from me. "To be continued?" She grins. "Try and stop me." I stand up. "I have to go home first and walk with the irritant known as my brother, but I'll meet you here after?" I ask. "The thought of your lips will be what gets me through the reaping." She says. "I'll see you soon. " I walk out and go down the elevator. I hurry back home to pick Quint up. I'm just checking my outfit in the full length mirror we have in the hallway to make sure I didn't mess it up at the den. It's slightly crumpled but it'll have to do. "Finally." Quint grumbles, seeing me in the hallway. "I thought you'd gone without me." "Aww. Little Quint was scared to go to the reaping without his big brother." I traded him whilst opening the door to go out of the house again. Quint slams it shut behind him. "You might want to wipe that lipstick off your cheek." He grins at me cheekily. I haven't actually got lipstick there have I?I look at my reflection in a shop window. I do as well. I scrub at it quickly and it soon goes away, leaving my cheek slightly pink from rubbing. "Thanks." I mutter to Quint. "Was it anyone I know?" He asks. "She's called Feyre." I say as we enter the square for the sector of our part of the Capitol. Peacekeepers take a prick of our blood and lead us to separate pens to wait for the start. Everyone in my pen is standing nervously. We all know our chances are low, but it has to be somebody. I just hope it's not me. Or Quint. However much I seem to hate him, we do get on really. "Hello. Welcome to the reaping sector 1." Katniss Everdeen is up on the stage. The Capitol has been divided into 12 sectors, each one gets a remaining victor or one of the representatives that decided whether to have these games or not as their escort and mentor. Sector 1, where I live, gets Katniss. "We'll start with the girls." She walks to the reaping bowl on the left of the stage. I hope it's not Feyre, she seemed nice. "Raven Canihi." She reads off the card. I don't know her, that won't make it any easier watching her die though. These games are just stupid. "Now for the male tribute." She goes to the other bowl. It shouldn't be me or Quint. "Finnagen Gold." No. No, no, no. What on earth? How is it me? My feet are anchored to the ground. I can't move. I'm just standing in shock. These whole games are just dumb. The crowd in front of me swiftly parts and I finally manage to stumble up to the stage. "We are sorry for taking these two children away from you, but it is a necessary evil, after these games we can forget the past." Katniss says and we are led off to the rooms where we will say our goodbyes. Quint is my first visitor. "We'll sponsor you." He says coming in. "I'll start up a collection. You have to win this." He's trying to be optimistic, but we both know he's lying. "I'll miss you." I say. "Me too." He says and starts to break down. I can't deal with this now. "I think this is just upsetting you and you should go home." He nods and bumps my fist on the way out. We never hug. We always fist bump. "Honey, my little baby boy." My parents come in now. They hug me and try to give me advice but it's not long before they break down too. Apollo comes in next. "Mate, I'm sorry. I'll try to get a sponsor pool going." I nod. "Thanks." "Just don't do anything stupid. Think everything through before you do it. Make sure you pick up survival skills too, you won't have to worry about being killed by other tributes as much this year, it's the arena that'll be more likely to kill you." My final visitor is Feyre. She walks in and collapses in my arms. I sit and stroke her hair trying to comfort her. My heart is heavy in my chest, but at least if I die in the arena she'll never find out. I'll never have to tell her. "You have to win." She whispers and kisses me. "I'll try, the thought of you will keep me alive." I say, we spend the remainder of our time together hugging and kissing. She's crying too. "I love you." She says when she has to go. "I'll see you soon." I say. Now I'm alone, the horror of it all kicks in. I feel sick. Bile rises up in my mouth and I swallow the sour, bitter taste. I have to stay strong. If I want to get out of that arena alive, I can't afford to break down. SYOT form: Name: Family (include age and jobs and any background to them): Opinions on the games before the rebellion: Opinions on these games: Key moment in their childhood (doesn't have to be something really big like their brother died, it can just be their first fail grade): Physical appearance (including any alterations e.g. dyed skin): Reaped or volunteered (if reaped what was their reaction, if volunteered why): Training score: Would they ally or not: Do they normally sponsor in the games: Personality: Age: Additional information: Please include as much detail as possible because it makes it so much easier for me to write them. PM me your completed form. Max of 2 tributes per person.