red and blue and black like an oil spill, though, and Tanna can't hate them when they're so miserable. A fluorescent yellow knife sliding out of the ground catches her eye, and she stares in wonder as it unfurls into a leaf with blue veining and sharp-looking chrome all around the edges, and then climbs up on a stalk and more leaves pop out, and branches, and it's a tree of knife-bladed leaves almost too bright to look at, and she laughs in amazement as the leaves suddenly all blow off and swirl around her, cutting bright red into her, and it hurts but it's still so amazing that she spins and laughs, trying to follow them as they cut and cut and cut their way into her skin, not leaving any room to be mad at the people who voted for her or worried about Momma and Papa and Kev and Starling and Ella and Jaysie. She stops spinning and looks for her family, which is easy because Kev, who just turned nineteen a couple months ago, always glowed in the brightest, most amazing green that could ever exist, and anyone could spot him . She smiles at them, and waves. She doesn't want to die. She really, really doesn't want to die. But maybe she won't, after all, and even if she does, she thinks maybe death would be sort of amazing to watch. District 12 Little Kitty Pierst had a lot of votes. Everyone said it was a miracle she'd lived to thirteen, she couldn't possibly last much longer. She sat clenching her eyes and refusing to look at the screen, shuddering, with her best friend Tamma holding her in a tight hug, telling her she was going to live forever, she wasn't allowed to die. Jed Karnon was the early favorite for the boys, he was eighteen and mean , mean enough some of them thought maybe he could even win. But then he met Old Man Tosa's eyes, and Tosa, one of the richest men in District 12, went all white and then in that mysterious way information moves through crowds without anyone seeming to really say it, it got around to those who hadn't voted yet that anyone who voted for Jed was getting blacklisted from Tosa's three grocery stores, and his votes pretty much stopped. Kenny Tucker started getting more votes, then. He was a good boy, but a halfwit. Couldn't manage to learn reading or figuring to save his life—which maybe it would have, though nobody could have been able to guess that. He was strong and a willing enough worker, but he was about to start in the mines, and the men were afraid he'd do something witless and you couldn't afford major blunders down there. Maybe it would be better for him to just die young. Kitty's mother started screaming, trying to draw attention to other girls, to point out how they would be better choices, and the nearest father of one of them pushed through the crowd and punched her in the face, knocking her flat. But she got back up, blood streaming down her face, still raving, and then her eyes lit up, and she turned on Rav Kotter, and offered her fourteen-year-old, Posy, to him if he'd save her little miracle. He'd been trying to get the girl for months, and everyone knew she was terrified of him. He accepted though, and the votes on Kitty dried up, because Kotter would send his bully boys out to terrorize anyone who got between him and his new toy and nobody was willing to face that. Rebby Hawthorne was the girl whose picture started overtaking Kitty's, and she stood silent with her chin up and her arms folded, a little pale, but steady, and everyone knew she wasn't going to have a save because she didn't have any family to save her. Her whole family died of that plague two years back, and she'd never so much as sniffled. She was seventeen, now, and had survived alone by making clothes, and almost never talked to anyone except about work. Nobody ever even saw her cry about her family, she just changed the subject if anyone brought them up, and acted simply unnatural. And there wasn't anyone's picture close enough to as big as hers than anyone much thought there would likely be another upset. Kenny had pretty much firmed up, too, and the two of them just kept swelling till they took most of the screen, though Kenny's mother and older sister and brother sobbed. And then Torrie Caphan, their district escort, babbled about the exciting moment and announced Rebby. And Rebby started forward, pale and unsmiling but her stride firm, and then, suddenly, a voice behind her called out, "I volunteer." And everyone stopped dead and stared in shock as Posy Pierst walked forward, pale and terrified-looking but not hesitating. Kitty shrieked a horrified denial, Kotter shouted, enraged, and Rebby burst out, "What? I don't even know you!" "Nothin' to do with you," Posy muttered, walking past her and up onto the stage. And then she looked straight at Rov Kotter, and she smiled, hard and cool, and right there in front of all Panem, she said, "Told you I'd rather die than let you touch me." After that, Kenny was sort of anti-climactic, his family weeping but nobody doing anything else, and the reaping ceremony for the 25th hunger games was, at last, at an end. Author's Subnote: Only after I was totally caught up in my characters did I realize my District 12 naming SNAFU. Posy (a bundle of flowers) with a sister Kitty, for a fandom with main character 'Kat'niss with sister Primrose (a kind of flower)...? Ugh. It was, however, too late to do anything about it. I tried changing the names and lost connection to the characters. So they returned to their original form and I ask you to forgive the unintentional echo.