give the two the answer that they so lightly deserve, "Fine," "Told you. Wait, what?" asks Gale, his head doing a double take. He looks at Peeta as if he has lost his mind, and Peeta might agree with that sentiment, if only he's able to see his head without the usage of a mirror. "I said fine. I'll go," he replies. "Great! Now the gig starts at 8 in the evening," says Katniss exuberantly. "You're lucky it's a Friday today," mumbles Peeta grumpily. "Dear, their gigs are always on a Friday, so there isn't really much luck in this except maybe your surprising response," retorts Katniss. Peeta merely hums in reluctant agreement and as they went on with their conversation, their voices turn progressively silent as they see Cato heading towards their table with a menacing smirk. "Oh god, here we go," whispers Katniss as he stops by his table alone. "Well, well, well," sings Cato in a teasing tone, "If it isn't the faggot and the other pariahs," Gale scoffs, "Surprised to know that your head's not completely filled with sawdust that you have to use the word pariah for us. I won't be surprised if you knew the meaning for it," he retorts. Cato narrows his eyes at him, but he relaxes when his smirk returns, not really affected by Gale's jab. "Well," brushes Cato with a calm tone, "Nice to know that only a pariah will date someone like her," he points to Katniss, "and a faggot like that," he says without flinching, pointing his finger to Peeta squarely. Gale's fist clenches in anger. Peeta knows what that means. Usually, Gale's able to handle any jab people makes about others, be it a jocular one or just plain out truthful. But for derogatory, that is a low that he cannot stand to listen, let alone hear. He hates it when people make fun of the gay community, staunchly rooting that sexuality isn't a choice made from decision making. The only decision making that is inside the whole gamut of sexuality is the choice to reveal to others about the sexuality, and for that, Gale sticks to it loyally. He's about to land a blow onto Cato's jaw when Peeta grabs his arm tentatively. Gale looks at the grasped hand and then at Peeta, whose eyes tell him to not do anything irrational. Gale reluctantly lowers his tensed limb and scowls deeply at Cato. Katniss too, doesn't seem appreciative of Cato's presence. She's annoyed, both towards Cato's arrogance and Peeta' patience. Cato simply laughs at the three, and relaxes himself before saying, "He's a keeper, Hawthorne. Might wanna get rid of him. You're starting to turn soft," before leaving the three to the bathroom. Gale's hand tenses once more at the jab and only stares silently in anger as he could nothing at all to defend his friend. "I swear I'm going to kill him," says Gale murderously. Peeta releases his grip on his arm and folds his arms, a little annoyed not by Cato's insults, but the reaction towards it. "Leave him be, Gale. He's always like this and we always handled it well. What makes this so different from the others?" "He's gone too far, Peeta," replies Katniss, "You know how we want to keep you safe," "And I am," assures Peeta, "It's just words. It's not like he could punch me or anything," "After 4 years here? I'm surprised he done some beating on you," says Gale with a scoff. Peeta shakes his head at Gale, clearly not amused at the fact that Cato hasn't done anything drastic or low towards anyone. "You still coming for the gig, right?" Peeta nods. "We understand if you don't want to over… you know," Peeta scowls at Gale, "I'm not made of glass, Gale. I'm still going for this. Now can we just change the subject, please?" Gale and Katniss nods at him sympathetically and guiltily. Sure, Peeta has always been the peacemaker between the two of them or anybody for that matter, and he's so far never liked the idea of shedding blood or using violence as the answer. If anything, he'd be just as violent as the next person if he were to commit such act. Gale is strong, no doubt, but to defend him on his own account is something he's not willing to bargain for over his friendship. But if there's one thing that Peeta can't stand is the excessive protection that Gale is always offering. Peeta may not be well versed in martial arts, but he's not incapable of throwing a punch at people if the need arises. But Peeta won't lie that he sometimes wishes that the bullying would stop. It's crud annoying. … The trio return to campus, with Katniss splitting from the group and promising that they will meet at the party, with different clothes and definitely different expressions. Gale and Peeta share a dorm together, with Peeta being the neater one out of the two. He's not OCD or anything, but anytime Gale gets too far with his habitual dirty antics, Peeta cleans them, emphasizing how the mess distracts him even the smallest of activities. He won't mind if your bag is placed haphazardly, but if there's rotten food or leftover pizza boxes on the table, Peeta will not hesitate to clean it away, even if Gale has reasons behind the whole act. Gale goes off to shower first, and Peeta relaxes at the bed, with his shoes off and socks in the wastebasket. He curls his toe in relaxation, a little happy that his feet have some time off from the constricting nature of his shoes. He grabs his phone from the nightstand, and scrolls down the notification. His thumbs hover over one message and thumbs it, opening the message app where he then reads the short text. Meet me backstage if you're going to the gig tonight. Don't tell Hawthorne or Everdeen what you're up to.