to do. Everything I know is based on television and books, but my head just sort of floats away and my body instinctually takes over, as if it has any clue what to do. His hands are on my face and my hands are touching his and when he pulls away I whimper even though I'm out of breath. "We should do that again," I say. He laughs and gives me a quick kiss this time. "Oh, we will." I'm on cloud nine by the time I reenter the house, running my fingers over my lips. Prim seems to be upstairs, probably on her phone doing God only knows what, but both my parents are in the living room. They look up a little too quickly when I enter. "You were parked for quite a while," Dad says. Mom rolls her eyes. "Hunter," she says, turning to him and shaking her head before looking back at me. "Did you have fun at the park?" "Yeah." My mom is a master manipulator. One minute she's asking me questions about the weather at the park and in what seems like a minute she's gotten me to tell her about Peeta, who he is, how we met, that we're kind of dating now. Dad stays quiet through the whole thing and only speaks as I'm trying to leave the room. "Well, we want to meet him," he says. ... My family has a huge cookout every Fourth of July and this year is no different. It's at our grandparents' house and everyone comes. So, of course, my dad tells me to invite Peeta, as if all these people won't scare him away. Or maybe that's my dad's intention. I want to protect Peeta from all the stares, the crazy questions, everything. I even tell him that if he needs to leave we can fake food poisoning or something. He just laughs and tells me that my family can't be that bad. He clearly hasn't met my family. And, as if to prove our bizarreness right off the bat, Johanna intercepts us almost immediately. "So, this is the hunk we've all been hearing about from Auntie Clara," she says. She makes a big show of walking around him, even touching his biceps and asking, point blank, how many girls he's slept with. I shoot Blight the biggest death stare from across the yard but he's not paying attention or ignoring me – he needs to grab his future wife or I'm going to sink into the earth or kill her, one or the other. Once she's finished examining him, she smirks and pats my head like a dog. "You did good, Brainless." "I didn't ask for your opinion, Hannie." She smirks and saunters away. Peeta leans down and whispers in my ear. "Brainless?" I shake my head. "Don't ask." Peeta does surprisingly well with my family for someone who says his family is miniature. He plays corn hole with Gale and the boys, actually manages to get a decent conversation out of Uncle Haymitch after he's the first one drunk, and woos my grandmother completely. Mom and Dad are clearly impressed and but I knew his friendly demeanor would win everyone over – or at least I hoped it would. ... Summer is short. Too short. With all of my free time spent either with Peeta or thinking about him, the days go by even quicker. What did I even do during the summers before I met him? I don't know but I hope I never have to figure it out again. How do people manage or even enjoy summer flings, knowing that they're going to just be together for the summer? If I didn't think that Peeta and I were at least going to try the long distance thing once school started again, I'm pretty sure I'd end up spending the majority of my summer curled up in bed. But as August begins to wane, we start talking less about summer and more about logistics of fall and spring. It takes four hours to travel between our schools, but we can still manage to get a good amount of time in during a weekend if one of us makes the trip. Since Peeta has a car, he'll be coming to visit me first. School starts for Peeta later than it does for me, partially because of the schedules and mostly because as a freshman I have to go extra early, but I spend my last day with Peeta. We walk around the downtown hand in hand and take a break at the pier, sitting down and sliding out legs out of the railings to dangle over the water. Peeta plays his Pandora and we just sort of relax, taking in the crashing waves and the soft drawling lyrics coming from his speakers. ...And I don't know what road we're on Or where we've been from starring at you Girl, all I know is I don't want this night to end... I turn to him. "We're gonna make it right?" "You're not getting rid of me that easy." He smiles. "I don't know about you, but I'm in this for the long haul." A wave laps against the wooden supports of the pier and I feel myself smile. "Me too." Notes Songs used are "Roller Coaster" and "I Don't Want This Night To End" both sung by Luke Bryan. The title also comes from Luke Bryan's song of the same name. There really is a New England tuition break program, although the state in which Peeta and Katniss are living is left somewhat vague. If you're interested in looking at it more, you can find more info on the New England Board of Higher Education webpage. If you look on the page, Rehabilitation Services (offered at the University of Maine at Farmington) is part of this program for Connecticut students, although I am not basing "State" on any particular school. Thank you for reading!