did with his sister, we load him up and bring him to our hotel, where we have to wait for all the legal work to go through. Our hotel room becomes our little sanctuary as we get to know our son. We memorize his ten little toes and kiss every one of his tiny fingers. He loves being held and cries when we set him down. Whereas Lucy was born bald, this baby has a head of dark hair. While we're in Akron, we leave Lucy at home with Posy and Haymitch watching her. Posy comes by during the days since she doesn't go back to school until the end of the month and she watches our daughter until Haymitch comes at night after work. We call Lucy every day that we're gone, hoping that she won't resent us for leaving her for so long. I'm so proud of how strong she's being with all of this. We talk to Posy and Haymitch and they tell us that she cries, but she tells them that she knows we're getting her brother and that we need to show him that we love him too. And, while it's nice to have this time alone with our son, by day fifteen we're ready to go home and start getting everything back to normal. As we pull in the driveway, I can see Lucy with her face in the living room window, obviously staking out our arrival. As soon as we park, the little girl in the window is gone, nothing but the swish of the curtain left, and the front door is being thrown open. Our dog Hemy barrels right past her, knocking her off her feet, but my Lucy is one of the most determined little girls I know. She hops back up, even as Haymitch goes to pick her up, and runs toward us, pumping her arms to make her go faster. I intercept Hemy while Katniss takes the baby carrier out of the back. Lucy runs right to the door, sticking her head in under her mother's arm to get a peek at her new little brother. "Your kid's a hurricane, boy," Haymitch says as I pull Hemy toward the door. She doesn't want to go and she tries to stand her ground. She's waiting for me to lose my grip so she can go to Katniss. "I dunno how this house of yours is still standing." I smirk and hear Katniss walk up behind me, Lucy hopping up and down around her. "You better not have left any mess in my house, Haymitch," Katniss says. Haymitch laughs. "You said, and I quote, watch my kid. So that's what I did." Katniss gives him a look and he rolls his eyes. "Learn to take a joke, sweetheart." "I want to hold my baby!" Lucy squeals, clearly impatient as she tugs on Katniss's leg. Katniss pushes by Haymitch and Lucy follows after her. Haymitch goes back inside too, so it's just the dog and me left outside. "Everyone's going inside, Hem," I say and she stops resisting, so I let her trot into the house herself. There is a banner in our kitchen that looks like it's been a finger-painting project. It reads: WELCOME HOME MOMMY, DADDY, AND BABY ELI! I side eye Haymitch and wonder if he's getting sentimental in his old age, or if this was Posy's doing. I'm thinking it was probably Posy. "Go sit on the couch and you can hold Eli, okay?" Katniss says. Lucy nods and runs into the other room. I chuckle when I hear her shout that she's ready. I put Hemy's leash on her. She's five now and not quite as rowdy as she was when we brought Lucy home, but I'd still like to be in complete control when we introduce her to Eli, especially with Lucy's squeals feeding her excitement. We walk in just as Katniss is setting Eli into Lucy's lap. "Be gentle," Katniss says. "He's just little." "Hi, Eli, I'm Lucy. I'm your big sister," she whispers. I can't help the grin the spreads over my face as I watch Lucy talk to Eli with Katniss sitting beside her. This is my family. My daughter. My son. My wife. It's everything I ever dreamed of having, everything that Katniss and I thought had been taken away from us. Lucy leans down and gives Eli a quick kiss on his forehead. Katniss turns to look at me, her eyes sparkling, her mouth unable to fight the grin just like mine. There were times when I never thought we would get to this moment. But, now that we're here, it's like nothing I could have ever imagined. I'm sure that raising two little munchkins will be harder than just one, but we'll do it together because that's what Katniss and I do. The quote at the beginning, from Dylan Thomas to his (later) wife Caitlin, was chosen to keep with using Dylan Thomas poetry – the titles for Do Not Go Gentle and They Shall Not Break come from his poems. The first scene at the beach and the final scene at their home were inspired by photos I found on pinterest. You can find them on my tumblr (Dracoisalooker76). The name I chose, Eli, comes from the bible. The prophet Elijah ascends to Heaven in a whirlwind after God sends chariots and horses of fire, which has more to do with Canon Peeta and Katniss than in this universe, and Elijah preformed many miracles, which I think this Peeta and Katniss would definitely appreciate. It is also the name of a little boy in my hometown who lost his battle with cancer when I was younger. Another little girl who battled cancer inspired the name of Lucy. Eli's birthday is August fourth – it was chosen because eight and four equals twelve, just as eleven and one (Lucy's birthday November 1) equals twelve, for District Twelve. Thanks for reading!