Graduate Scholarship. But before we go to the main event, we would like to thank some very important people for their generosity to our prestigious university." Effie began to rattle off names of donors as the audience politely applauded. Katniss clapped along with the crowd although she had mentally zoned out, still holding Peeta's gaze. "And, last, but certainly not least, we would like to thank the Mellark family for their generous contributions to our school." Katniss snapped out of her dreamlike state when Effie uttered the name. "The Presidential Endowed Graduate Scholarship would not be possible without your family's donations. Here representing the Mellark family is Mr. Peeta Mellark, who is also an alumni of the University of Panem. Thank you!" The applause was the loudest for Peeta out of all of the donors that were announced. A spotlight found him in the audience and he smiled and raised his hand, acknowledging the applause. The flash of his smile caused squeals from some of the women in the crowd. Katniss, however, stood frozen in place. How could she be so stupid? No wonder the name had sounded so familiar. She silently berated herself for not realizing sooner. She must have made a complete fool of herself all night to one of the heirs of the most famous family fortunes this side of the coast. Katniss recalled her roommate Madge's excitement when they first stepped on campus at the University of Panem. "I heard that one of the Mellarks goes to school here! Maybe we'll meet him and he'll fall madly in love with one of us. Then he'll introduce the other one to his brothers and we can both become part of American royalty!" Katniss just rolled her eyes at her friend. She didn't have time to worry about romance. She was too busy trying to figure out how to feed her family, pay tuition and pass her classes. No time for romance with those kinds of priorities. The realization must have been playing on her face, because Peeta looked at her again and gave her a sheepish smile and shrugged his shoulders. Katniss forced herself to snap back to reality. After all, the announcement she had been waiting all night for was approaching. An announcement that could change her life, that could help her take care of her family, that could maybe restore the small amount of dignity she had left. "Now, for the moment we've all been waiting for! To all of our finalists, we are very proud of you! May the odds be ever in your favor!" Effie was handed a small envelope and began to speak. "Congratulations to..." Katniss held her breath as Effie opened the envelope and pulled out a small slip of paper. She desperately hoped that her name was on that slip. "...Benjamin Turner!" Before the announcement, Peeta watched with amusement as Katniss's face showed the realization of who he was, but his stomach dropped, later, when he realized that the name Effie had announced wasn't hers. Knowing how easily Katniss's emotions played on her face, Peeta tried to avoid looking at her. First he watched as Benjamin Turner, the engineering major, approached the microphone, thanked everybody for the honor, and announced that they could call him B.T. for short. He glanced over to the other finalists that weren't picked. They all clapped for B.T. but their faces were wrought with disappointment. As much as he didn't want to see that similar disappointment in Katniss's face, he couldn't help but look at her, too. He immediately regretted his decision. The expression on her face wasn't disappointment. It was panic. Katniss tried to be a good sport and listen to B.T. as he rattled off his acceptance speech, but her insides were crumbling. Again, she had allowed herself to hope, to dream, and she came away empty handed. She started to realize what it meant. She would have to go back to Cato, she would have to keep doing a job she hated. He would continue to control her. All she wanted to do was escape, but she was stuck on the stage having to listen to B.T. make his speech as all her dreams shattered around her. As soon as it was over and they were allowed to leave the stage, she bolted for the door. Professor Abernathy didn't make an attempt to stop her; he knew what the scholarship meant to her, even if he wasn't aware of all the gritty details. There was a bottle-neck at the stage steps as the banquet attendees approached to congratulate B.T. Katniss used this opportunity to slip through the crowd unnoticed. Peeta tried to intercept Katniss as the finalists left the stage, but it was so crowded that he couldn't get to her in time. He tried his best to keep track of the orange dress as he maneuvered through the crowd. He found his way through the door of the banquet hall only to catch a glimpse of a deep orange fabric as the elevator doors closed. Peeta tried to catch the elevator, smashing the down button only to realize he was too late. The sign for the stairwell caught his eye and he tackled the door and bounded down the stairs, but by the time he made his way from the lobby into the street, the orange dress was nowhere to be found. He sighed, ran his fingers through his hair and chuckled to himself. Never had he felt anything like this for a woman. He only hoped that he see would see her again someday. Author's Note : This is my first attempt at a HG fanfic; I hope you enjoyed it! I purposefully left some things pretty ambiguous, but things should be answered as the story goes on. As you can see, this will have alternating POVs (Katniss and Peeta, mostly, but some others along the way) in order to tell the story how I envisioned it. Thanks for reading!