trying to tell me to be a doctor? As much as I respect Dr. Heavensbee, I don't think I could watch kids go through what Katniss did day after day, knowing some of them will be lucky like her and some won't. Being a nurse, like Prim wants to do, seems even worse because they're the ones that have the most patient contact. I pull out my laptop and look at my degree audit. I've taken a few biology classes, a sociology class, a language. I finished my history core. I have my math credits out of the way and there is no way I'm being a math major. I look at the list of majors and then back at my audit and nod my head. It's beyond obvious that I've got an interest in biology, given the electives that I've taken. To keep myself sane, I email the biology department my major request form before I change my mind but I still don't know if it's what I want. It would have been much easier if I had just stayed in Miner Falls and taken over the bakery. The first days of December bring the last week of classes before study days and the ultimate loom of finals. Three of Katniss's classes have exams and she's basically locked herself in the library. She went home for the weekend with a backpack full of books. The fact that I haven't really seen her in a good week just makes me even more frustrated. I keep going back and forth about whether emailing the biology department my major request was the right decision or not. I can't decide what I want to do with my life. I can't even see my girlfriend and take all of these frustrations out on her beautiful mouth. So, instead, I make lists. Endless lists. Lists of possible careers and what I need to do to get there. Hersh is calling it obsessive and tells me at least once a day that I need to relax. Rue looks over at me from across the table and raises an eyebrow. I can't even draw. My lines aren't straight and everything just comes out wrong. I blow out a breath and try again. The kid next to me deserves a good picture. I draw a mockingbird and hand it over to him. He smiles and grabs a red crayon, beginning with the feathers on the head. "That's really good," I say. "Thanks!" he says, grinning with a missing tooth in front. He's a cute kid with blond hair and light eyes, kind of like a mix between me and Katniss – if I'll allow myself to think it. The poor kid's got some sort of braces on his legs. "You draw good." "Thanks," I say. He struggles toward a blue crayon across the table so I grab it for him. He thanks me and then colors more. I look up at Rue and she smiles. I lean back in my chair and fully appreciate what Rye and Professor Beetee were trying to tell me. There are a hundred and one things I can do with my life, but it is how I do them that is important. I don't want to sit behind a desk. I want to be engaged, get my hands dirty, and change something. When I first started volunteering at PCH, way before I met Katniss, I told Portia I wanted to make a difference in someone's life. I'd like to think that I'm still making a difference in her life every day by being a part of it. She makes me want to be a better person. She was the first thing that Rye said was in my heart and he's right. My heart, my passion, my drive to be the person that Professor Beetee values so much comes from being with her and striving to be the man she needs. That is what I need to apply to whatever major I have and whatever career I choose, that strive toward something better, not only for her but for everyone else like her. Now, I just need to figure out how to apply it. The title comes from the poem And Death Shall Have No Domination by Dylan Thomas. The song they sing in the truck from the wedding, and referenced later by Katniss, is Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen. Anyone familiar with the Roanoke area will recognize that the highway Peeta takes will bring them to WV. Although I will never say it, that's where I've always imagined Miner Falls to be located, so use that information as you wish. The book Prim wants Katniss to read is The Silver Linings Playbook by Matthew Quick – the film stars Jennifer Lawrence. (Sorry, I just couldn't resist.) The scene where Katniss is called to the front of the class on the first day of school is taken from my own college experiences, watching my psychology professor do an experiment using someone in the front row who looked scared to death the entire time. Professor Beetee's class is based off my own experiences taking an ethics discussion and seminar. The case he gives Peeta's class on the first day is a real case out of our textbook. Part I, as stated above, loosely parallels the milestone of completing school. I interpreted it as Peeta getting his shit together and picking a major/figuring out what he's doing. Public Service Announcement: I am not condoning underage drinking. It is illegal. However it does happen on college campuses and, as wholesome as Peeta Mellark is, I wanted him to be human. Since he is perfect in so many aspects already, I didn't want him to be some mega-God. Please, any underage readers, read these and any future sections with maturity. And, again, I don't use a beta so all mistakes are mine. Please, constructive criticisms are greatly appreciated and reviews are always welcome. Thanks for reading!