back, until you do. Good evening." The door squealed as it slammed shut. She got to her feet, grimacing as water soaked through her jeans from a dirty, puddle that welcomed her. Hoped was water, at least. Something sticky clung to her skin and her pants, her pock- "Shit," she hissed, hands patting her jeans. The bumps where her wallet, phone and keys should be were flat. Not satisfied, she dug into both front pockets, as if they might reappear if she reached deep enough. No luck. Her back pockets, where she kept her fourteen dollars and eight cents were empty too. Bastards. The 'Prince's' suit was worth a fortune; why'd they need her money? They hadn't even given her anything to drink. She strode to the door and grabbed the handle. The metal piece clicked. She yanked, and felt it shudder. Locked. She tried again with the same result, so she put a boot on the wall and pulled with both hands. The handle shrieked and she jerked back, nearly falling down the steps behind her. The handle dangled loosely from the door, kept in place only by the tips of several loose screws. Had it been like that be- she shook her head. It didn't matter. What did matter was that they had thrown her outside into this alley straight from a bad horror film, locked her out, and left her with no money or phone. That, that was her problem. A young woman alone in L.A.? Her mother had warned her about this sort of thing, back when she was still her mother. "Open up," she yelled. Her fist came down on the door once. When it came back, the door was dented. Not a small dent, like you could make on cheap metal. This was big enough to put her hand into. How had she done tha- "Well, sweetheart, looks like yer day just went to shit." How she hadn't seen him before, she didn't know. Two feet from the steps, a man leaned against the wall, covered in shadow except for his right arm clutching a bottle. The label read Jack Daniel's. A cigarette end glowed, casting a bit of light between the two fingers holding it. "What a scene though, man! Hoo-wee," he chuckled, the drawl telling her he came from the south too, maybe further south than her. He pushed off the wall and strode into the circle of light thrown by the lamp above the door. Blue eyes peered out from a weatherbeaten face, worn, the kind she saw those men whose lives were spent in the fields. The wind ruffled dirty blonde hair, and his lips quirked to the right as he smiled at her He took a swig from the bottle, tattoos coiling across his arm and bare chest, covered only by a faded jacket with a red A on it's breast. "They just plopped ya out here like a naked babe in the woods, but then Prince Snow was always a little shit. No help, no nada, just you in the middle of fuckin' L.A. Real nice." "I-uh,-" "Name's Haymitch, though everyone round here calls me Smilin' Jack on account of this," he wiggled the bottle, a thin layer of liquid sloshing around. "Here, try it." She started to reach for it, took her hand back. The amber colored liquid look so refreshing, cool, but she wouldn't give in. Not like others she'd known. Not even for a sip. "N-no thanks." "I'd say it takes the edge off but that'd be a lie. Worst part 'bout the change, nothing tastes like it used to. Still, ol' habits die hard." He downed the rest, then chucked the bottle overhead. It bounced off a dumpster and shattered on the pavement. "Now, I know this is probably a lot for ya to take in so why, uh, why dontcha let me show ya the ropes? Whaddya say?" She should have known. Another nutjob. Who else would hang around here? "Ropes? I just...do you have a cell phone? I just want to call my sister and let her know where I am and that…I'm okay," she said. Then, as an afterthought, "Do you have anything else to drink?" He shook his head. "That's a no go, for both. Ya try and run the gorilla in, the one with the sword, why he and his buddies will just hunt ya down and do to you what he did to yer Sire. Plus, it'll be sunrise in a few hours and if yer still outside, well, let's say that'll be a view y'ain't ever gonna forget." "I just need to call my sister," Katniss repeated. Trash blew past her boots as the wind whipped up. She crossed her arms across her chest, tried to cover the tears in her shirt, but didn't feel cold. The last time she'd checked, it was supposed to be chilly tonight. Above her clouds were driven by the wind like a shepherd and his flock fleeing wolves. Not winter-coat cold, but cold enough that anyone without a jacket ought to feel it. Yet she stood in the alley like it was the middle of July even though it was January. "Whoa, whoa, WHOA! Ya can't EVER talk to yer family, y'hear? As far as yer family's concerned, yer dead." Katniss took a step back but he didn't notice. "If ya try and go home, talk to them, hell email them, then that gorilla is going to go in there and kill ya, yer family, probably yer whole damn town. These people will do anythin' to keep the Kine in the dark, keep the Masquerade goin'." "Kine, Masquerade…what the hell is going on here?" "Ya telling me no one told ya? Shit," he snorted, crossed his arms mirroring her. "Fuckin' figures. Well, I got some good news and some bad news. The good news is y'ain't ever gonna need sunscreen again." "Bad news?" "Well, sweetheart, bad news is yer a Vampire."