and peeta holds her while rocking back and forth. I blush when I see Katniss isn't wearing shorts again, but neither of them seem to mind I hand Peeta the pills and water, he thanks me, and I watch as he gives them to Katniss with an expression of love. I feel jealous after a second of watching them, realizing that I wish it was me and Dile there. It was so selfish, but I do. I had talked to Dile, yesterday, and he said a few things to me, but I think I need to be more prepared... Hm...maybe I would ask for more advice... "Delly?" Peeta and Katniss are looking at me, their expressions are confused and concerned. "Oh! I'm fine. I was just thinking about how sweet you two look." I say with a smile. Katniss blushed, but made no effort to move. Peeta invited me to sit down with them, but somehow I felt like a third wheel. Peeta's POV Delly perched akwardly on the edge of our bed, and I think it had something to do with the way I was holding Katniss. "Is there anything I can help with?" Delly askes brightly. So she was uncomfortable. "actually," I say in my most-convincing voice "I made some cheese buns, and they have to be taken out of the oven, Can you do that for me?" Delly brightens up, eagerly hopping downstairs to get the pastries. I look down at Katniss, who is staring at the door where Delly left. I could tell her stomach still hurt by the look on her face. I slowly, tentivley, touched my hand to her aching stomach, and stoped, afraid she would push me away. When she didn't, a ran my hand in circles across her abdomen, trying to soothe the pain. She sighed in content, wich I took as a good sign, since her eyes were closed. After a few minutes, Delly came back up, carrying a plate full of the cheese buns. She smiled brightly as she set them down next to us. I thanked her, taking one of the warm pastries off the plate and feeding bits to Katniss, who now opened her eyes. I made small talk with Delly, still trying to coax bits of food into Katniss. After a while, the phone rang downstiars, so I left Katniss with Delly, after kissing her lightly on the forehead. (Katniss, not Delly) Katniss POV When peeta leaves, theres an empty spot next to me, where it suddenly felt very cold. The pain in my stomach is almost gone, thanks to Peeta. i touched the tip of my finger to my abdomen, remembering the feeling of Peeta's hand. After a moment, I looked back at Delly. She looks almost worried about something. I guess that it's Dile. I crawl over to her, sitting crossed-legged on the bedsheets. I was getting more and more restless, just being here in the room all day. It felt nice to talk to someone; to have comany. "So how'd it go with Dile?"I ask her, another sly smile on my face. She blushes, then looks down. "I talked to him yeasterday" she begins, a small smile on her face, "and we were talking..." I scooted towards her. Why was she taking so long? Spit it out! "Did he seem intrested?" I ask her "Actually, yes!" she said cheerfully. "I'm so happy! Dile is so handsome and smart, and he has such a great personality..." She was smiling broadly now, another dreamy, longing look on her face. I can see why Dile was interested, Delly had lost more weight, her hair was curly again, and she looked alot happier to be alive. I smiled. "Good. You deserve to be happy" She looked down again, smile fading a little. "Actually, I was looking for more advise" she says, playing with her hands, "I just get so nervous around him, I don't see how I cannot be flustered" she says after thinking for a few minutes, i finally have something to say "Try being his friend first" I tell her "Then, you can be comfortable around him..." I really didn't know where I was going with this, and Since when was I so helpful? Eh, Delly was one of my only friends, plus I owed her for talking and comforting Peeta in 13 when I couldn't. "You're right" I was? "I need to become friends before anyting!" She says triumphently. Peeta walks in, smiling slightly. He comes and sits on the bed with us, then presses his cool, cinamin-scented hand to my forehead. "Okay, now you can go into town" he says. I smile. "Nah, I don't want to anymore" He chuckles then lays down. Delly and I talk for a while more, then she leaves declaring that 'she won't give up Dile now'. She thanks us, then leaves. I hear the front door click behind her, then I lay down with Peeta. I rest my head on his chest, remembering the time that when I layed my head here, there was no steady heart beat, no life. This time, his arms encircle me, pulling me to him. I sigh in content. "Peeta?" I ask "Hm?" He replies "I feel better now, but can you still rub my stomach?" I hear him laugh as he strokes my abdomen, exactly the spot where earlier, there was a sharp pain. He gives me a soft kiss, once on my mouth and then on my cheek, then my collar bone. Then he lays back down. We fall asleep like that, even though it was only just after eight. the last thing I remember is one last exchange of words; "Love you" "Love you too" A/N: I hope you enjoyed it! It was really fun to write. I was planning on just keeping this one chapter, but since I left Delly's story unfinised, i dont know... Anyway, If I should continue, Plz Review with your opinions! Thank U for reading!