to the lake," Glimmer says as she leans against a tree. "Yep. I have a bottle of iodine in my pack to purify the water," Finn says sleepily from the ground. Now I'm yawning. "Someone take the first watch," I say before slumping to the ground, hiking my hood up to use as a so-called "pillow". It seems like I've just closed my eyes when Cato is shaking my arm. "Come on!" he hisses. "The girl's fallen asleep!" We quickly break our small camp, and we start running toward the girl, not caring if she wakes up. There's nowhere else for her to run, anyway. We're on her before she wakes up, and she shrieks in surprise when she see us standing over her, blocking all escape routes. "N-no, p-please—" the girl stutters, trying to find some way out, but she's completely surrounded. Cato steps forward and steps on her arm, causing her to whimper. "Nowhere for you to run," he says, confirming her thoughts. "Please… please s-spare me!" The girl yelps. Of all the things to request, she requests that . Cato puts more weight on his foot, and the girl screams. "Sorry, little girl, but that's something I can't do." "N-no—" Her plead turns into a scream when Cato thrusts his sword into her back, twisting it savagely. Blood bubbles out of the wound, staining both Cato's sword and her black jacket, which is of no use now. Blood leaks out of her mouth, making her gag on her scream, and she slumps to the ground, convulsing. Cato begins laughing, and we all join in without hesitating. "Yeah, Cato!" "You really showed her!" "Twelve down and eleven to go!" I chime in, and the others give a whoop. "Let's see what she has," Peeta suggests, reaching for the black backpack sitting nearby. He opens it and rummages through it. "Nothing special," he decrees, and holds it out toward us so we can survey it. Clove grabs it, and we all surround her as she rummages through the bag. A few matches — which she must've used for the fire — an empty water bottle, and a blunt knife. "Boring," Glimmer sighs, and we all murmur assent. We take the matches and water bottle though, just in case they turn up handy later on. We drop the backpack next to the girl's corpse. "Better clear out so they can get the body before it starts stinking," Cato suggests. We turn and start walking in a random direction, away from the girl and forward in our search for Katniss. We've walked quite a way from her before Finn stops. "Shouldn't we have heard a cannon by now?" "I'd say yes," Clove agrees, nodding. "Nothing to prevent them from going in immediately." "Unless she isn't dead," Glimmer pipes up. "She's dead. I stuck her myself," Cato says indignantly. "Then where's the cannon?" Finn asks. "Someone should go back. Make sure the job's done," Clove says, scanning us all. "Yeah," I agree, "we don't want to have to track her down twice." "I said she's dead!" Cato yells at us, pissed that we don't believe in his ability to kill. "Alright, maybe she is dead, but there hasn't been a cannon, Cato! Someone has to go back to check!" Clove yells back. "Yeah, it's not going to take that long! Go back, check, if she's not dead, then kill her!" Finn says, siding with Clove. The mention of the girl possibly not being dead makes Cato start. " She's dead! We don't need to check!" Suddenly, a new voice slices through the argument. "We're wasting time! I'll go finish her and let's move on!" We all look at Peeta, momentarily surprised since he hadn't spoken in a while. Cato sighs. "Go on, then, Lover Boy," Cato growls. "See for yourself." We watch silently as Lover Boy follows the path we had just taken back to the girl's camp. The instant we know he is out of earshot, Clove speaks up, but in a hushed voice, as if he was still in vicinity. "Why don't we just kill him now and get it over with?" "Let him tag along," Finn says. "What's the harm? And he's handy with that knife. I saw him occasionally during the Bloodbath, and he was pretty good. Besides, he's our best chance of finding her." We all know whom she is talking about. Katniss Everdeen. "Why?" Clove snaps back. "You think she bought into that sappy romance stuff?" "She might have." Glimmer suddenly pipes up before Finn can. "Seemed pretty simpleminded to me. Every time I think about her spinning around in that dress, I want to puke." Glimmer makes a face afterward. I remember Katniss's interview: when the crowd went crazy over Katniss's dress, Glimmer had been extremely annoyed, always wanting to have the spotlight on herself. She had been the same way back home, always clamoring for attention. And now that that Katniss girl had managed to outshine her… "Wish we knew how she got that eleven," I mutter, half to myself. "Bet you Lover Boy knows," Clove answers, a sneaky smile on her face. Suddenly, we hear the rustling sound of footsteps. We fall silent and wait for Peeta to come back in view. "Was she dead?" Cato says to the darkness. Peeta appears from behind a tree. "No. But she is now." A cannon fires right then, backing him up. "Ready to move on?" We all nod, and without hesitation, we all run into the darkness, at exactly the same pace. fin Note from the author: Wow, I actually wrote this story a long while ago, and I'm really surprised I didn't publish it yet because I really liked it back then and even now. So, another story featuring the Careers – I really should just combine all of these fics into one huge story. ;_; Anyway, I always like writing from the Careers' POV (especially from Marvel's, haha), so hope you enjoyed it!