who left her; in fact she won't remember anything about me, because I left her when she was three-months-old. She will never remember me, no matter how much I loved her. Ryez was watching me die right in front of her, her world getting torn to pieces. Sapphire wouldn't know I was dying. In fact, she wouldn't even remember me when she began to grow up. This broke my heart; hurt me even more than any knife could. Why can't they just stop controlling us?! I love you, Ryez. I love you, Sapphire. I love you, Father. And Mummy, I'm coming to join you. We can watch down on our family and protect them from here, be their guardian angels. Blackness began to flood my vision, the world spinning and the pain condemning me. My screams of agony could no longer be heard, and suddenly it was completely gone. I sighed in relief. I was submerged into darkness, it felt good. I was no longer a girl, no longer an unknown but loved citizen from District 9. I am just another one of those 2116 innocent children the Capitol have already murdered because of this 'pageant of honor'. No-one is, or has ever done anything to stop this from happening, and the sick thing is: no-one ever will. Because this is the world we live in, this is the world we fear, and this is the world that is never going to change. I woke up screaming, my face slick with a terrified sweat, my whole body pale and clammy. I sat up; staring anxiously around at the tree I was nestled in, high up above. The familiar scent of the desert beckoned me back to reality. The plants and trees of my lonely oasis I lived by, the animal scent and the smell of dryness. It was just a dream, shhh. Well, more like a nightmare. Except it wasn't either, that really did happen. Don't worry; I'm not in the after world, telling you some freakish story about how I got here. (Is that really how tacky you think FanFiction is these days?!) No, I haven't been murdered, yet. I'm Ryez Palor, I guess I live in District Nine, if you must know. My beloved big sister died last year, my mother 11 years ago, both in the Hunger Games. And this year, so will I. I thought of leaving if there, on a bit of a cliff-hanger, you guys wanting to know more about me. (Yes, I feel honored.) But you really should know more. Any other person would cry right now, being reminded of their sister's painful, horrifying death, or even thinking about their dead mother. Not me. I like to call myself strong, but the real reason I'm not breaking down into floods of tears is because I wake up to this every morning. I have the same nightmare every night, and have been for the last year. I have to stay strong for them anyway. Well, actually, I have a variety of beautiful dreams to pick from, please select your favorite. My mother's death, my sister Maizie's agonizing time in the Games, helpless little baby Sapphire when she was murdered right before my eyes, my father being executed, me being abused and hit by my father when I was younger, my time which I will spend in the Games, there's quite a lot more. Take your pick. The reaping is today, I know I'm going to be reaped, so there is no need for me to be scared or nervous or anything. I'm not the girl I used to be, trembling when that word was even uttered. A lot has changed, the past and the future. I can't afford to be the timid little girl I was. I've known I was going to be reaped for around nine months, long time to prepare, huh? I wish. Don't ask me how I know I'm going to be reaped, let's just say a certain man practically took out every other girls name out of that ball and left mine in there. I won't bore you with the details just yet. I will just save the surprise for later. At first I was angry that I was going in to the Arena, I would be entering the same place where my mother and sister died. Not anymore, I used to be a scared little girl, weak and helpless. Maizie's death and Sapphire's made me stronger, able to survive, not afraid. To be perfectly honest, it's not that bad going into the arena, being sent to the slaughter. There is no one left I love; no one left that cares about me. The Capitol took care of that, so no-one is going to miss me. I guess I can just die in there and no-one will care, no one will remember. Like no-one remembered my mother, sister or even little Sapphire after their deaths. Yeah, it sickens me. I would have included my father in my little 'no one remembers their deaths' speech, but then I would be lying. Every citizen in this freaking district will remember his death for the rest of their pitiful lives! I'm not going to do that, I'm not going to die so no one will remember any of the good people in my family. The Capitol will not get away with killing everyone I love one by one, even if not all of them were innocent. I will try to beat all odds and win, then I will come back and stop the Games, Even if I live the most unhappy life alone, I don't care. No-one else should die because those horrible, malevolent people think it's entertaining. I will stop them Hahaha, if only it was that easy. Loved it? Or hated it? Where do I need to improve? Please inform me by PM or review, make someone happy! Check out Music . And . Fanfiction . Rules story now! -ilovedoodle x