It is now 12:30pm. It is highly suggested that you start making your way to the Justice Building. Attendance is mandatory. All 12 to 18-year-old children must sign in. Failure to do so is punishable by arrest or death. Thank you. The anthem of Panem plays as the announcement ends. I roll my eyes to mock the announcement and Maggie giggles a little. She offers a hand to me and winks. "Be my escort to the square?" She says, trying her best Capitol impression. I snort loudly and chuckle "Well of course ma'am" I offer up my best Capitol impression in return but it's clear mine needs some work. This sends Maggie into a laughing fit. Soon we are at the square near the Justice Building and we are standing in our respective lines to sign in, which causes us to separate as the lines are by gender. Soon I reach the front of my line and a Peacekeeper pricks my finger and presses it to a book and records my name. I look over to the girls line to see Maggie doing the same and she gives me a thumbs up and a wink. It's not very long before I am in my spot with all the other 14-year-old District 12 boys, then, its time to wait. Kids in each age and gender stand in assigned areas. Boys on the left side and girls on the right. The 18-year-old kids stand in the front and the 12-year-old kids are in the back. I remember being in the 12-year-old section, scared for my life. As a matter of fact, I don't really think the being scared for your life thing gets easier the closer to the stage you are standing. It's not long before the District 12 escort shows up. It's painfully obvious she's new to being an escort. She's dressed in a bright green suit with what I hope is a bright yellow wig and golden accents around her eyes. She looks more like a doll than a human being. This girl has no idea where she's supposed to stand, and it takes every ounce of self-control that I can muster to not laugh at her. The Mayor, Mr. Hubbleston has to interfere to get her on course before the cameras start rolling. She begins to speak in her thick Capitol accent, as if she's trying to make as big of a scene as humanly possible. "Happy Hunger Games! May the odds be forever in your favor." She beams. "My name is Amelia Blackheart and I'm the new escort for District 12!" Amelia exclaims. She seems a bit too excited to be chosen as the escort for a District that has only had 5 victors in 120 Hunger Games. She frowns a little as if she was expecting a better reception. "Let's choose who will be the tributes for District 12, shall we?" Amelia gleams again and moves to her left to the large glass bowl for the girls. Amelia runs her hand throughout the bowl as the crowd falls silent. After what seems like a lifetime, she finally decides on a slip and retrieves it from the bowl. Amelia scurries back to the microphone at center stage and slowly opens the slip. "Whoever it is, don't let it be Maggie. Please not Maggie." I whisper to myself. Amelia looks at the name, confused how to pronounce whats written on the slip, then the sounds come to her. "Alicia Longhorn. Please come up to the stage Alicia." The 16-year-old girls section opens up to show one brown-haired girl; wide eyed with disbelief. She looks over in my direction and I try to remember why she looks so familiar. Then it hits me. She's Roy's younger sister. Whispers all around me only confirm my suspicions. All of the color has been drained from her face now, as cries of pure agony ring out from the back of the square. Amelia stares ahead of her, as if what is happening isn't registering into her head. I'm happy Maggie didn't get called, but it's no solace. Amelia gets a clear look at Alicia and smiles at her. "That's right sweetie, your name was called. Come up on the stage here." Amelia motions towards Alicia. 4 Peacekeepers start heading down the aisle to collect her. Alicia notices this and gets her feet working again. She knows she can't seem helpless by standing still long enough for the Peacekeepers to have to drag her to the stage. Amelia smiles at Alicia as she climbs up the steps. Last year she lost her brother to The Hunger Games and now she's going into the arena to most likely lose her life as well. Words wont come to me, as I stare into her eyes, now empty and hollow with worry. I find my thoughts wandering to my mom. How does she deal with such hopelessness from the tributes here year in and year out? By the time I snap back into reality, Amelia is back at the glass bowls, this time shuffling around the slips for the boys. I grit my teeth as she pulls a slip from out of the bowl. She approaches the microphone slowly and opens the slip. I then hear her speak the only two words that I had hoped she wouldn't say. Landon Ashcroft. I stood there. Stunned in silence. Did I hear Amelia right? There must be a mistake. Did she actually say my name? The silence of the crowd says it all. The other children begin to move away from me as I snap back to reality. Realizing fully that I was reaped. The loving kid from District 12 who never had to take out a tessera, who spent his free time helping the poorest families survive. The kid whose mother is the only District 12 victor since the games returned. I was going into the games. And there was not a thing anyone could do about it.