quite got easy to accept. When the moment was over I said 'how long do we have to train?' 'You have a week in the Capitol, in that time you will have the Opening Parade, the Interviews, training and of course the moment to show your skills to the Gamemakers and they will score you out of 12.' 'Do we train together or separately' asked Sinder. 'There are some activities that are mandatory for all of you and the rest is up to you. Normally your mentor would be explaining all this but as she awaits at the Capitol, I'm briefing you, she may no doubt brief you again though.' Just then a woman came in 'excuse me sir, you asked for the screen?' 'Ah yes, right, we shall now view the other Reapings, starting with District 1' said Felix, he activated the screen as the lights were dimmed in the room. Sinder and I watched the screen as District 1 came on, unlike the others District 1 is so glamorous, as close to the Capitol as you can get without being in the Capitol. The boy tribute was a Career (no surprise there) an 18 year old called Jett, he was very tall with dark hair and pale skin. The girl tribute, a girl called Amber, was also a Career and 17 years old. Her hair matched her name perfectly, a golden honey colour and was tied back in a ponytail. District 2 appeared next, I had always loathed District 2, at least from what I knew about them, that they took pride in competing and killing in the games, even killing their fellow district tribute on occasion…it was just wrong. The girl was called Adra, a 16 year old Career tribute with fair hair that reached her chin and a dark look in her eyes I didn't like at all. The boy was called Sloan, 18 years old and a Career tribute. He looked fairly tall and had sandy brown hair. District 3 was up next their tributes were both 14 with sandy hair, blue eyes and although the boy was a bit taller than the girl they could easily be related, I seriously hoped they weren't for their sake. Their names were Evan and Edna. 'Oh you've got to be joking' said Felix 'a brother and sister.' I wasn't sure whether he was showing excitement or sympathy but I really wanted to punch him at that moment. District 4 came up and their attention returned to the screen, the boy was a 15 year old called Finn, a Career tribute. Finn had brown hair flat to his head and looked a little taller than me. The girl called Brenna was also a Career, 16 years old, she had dark raven hair with a slight tan. District 5, the power and electricity district, was up next. The boy was a young 12 year old ginger kid with a round face called Rory. The 15 year old girl was dark haired with an average skin tone called Elysia. Now District 6, I'd heard a lot of things about them, most of them bad, drug addiction and the fact that one of their tributes once resorted to cannibalism. Cheryl was the girl, a 13 year old girl who looked petrified already, couldn't say I blamed her. Mason was the boy, a 16 year old who looked a little unstable, with dark eyes and wild hair. District 7…in the past they were often underestimated in the Hunger Games, sure they may not be from a Career district but they sure can handle axes with deadly precision. Keith, age 17, had dark hair and a deep tan. He also had a muscular build, the guy had probably been using axes from a young age. Sylvia, age 15, was the girl tribute, she didn't look too weak either, if she was handed an axe she could probably throw it a fair distance. District 8, fabric central, the boy was called Fuller a 14 year old with fair hair. The girl was Lacey a 13 year old, with a creamy brown hair colour not quite dark or light. As we moved on to District 10 I sighed 'this is going to be one dangerous group this year, it's not just the Careers that look dangerous.' Sinder nodded 'I think you're right, I just hope we don't get an environment too tricky, that will complicate things even further.' District 10's tributes were a girl and boy both with tanned skin and dark hair only the girl was tall and the boy was quite short and round but fit looking none the less. The boy was called Colby and was 14. The girl was called Laura and was 16. District 11, one of the poorest of all the districts and from what I hear by far the worst treated, the boy was a strong guy with dark skin, like most of District 11. His name was Tyrone, age 17. The girl was 14; dark skinned with long black hair, her name was Alana. And finally, last but not least (at least in my opinion) District 12, the poorest of all the districts, it was really shocking how small they were, how easily they fitted all their people into the area for the Reaping in comparison to the other districts. The boy was a young 13 year old called Arden, he looked terrified as most had. He was fair haired and light skinned. The girl was a tanned, dirty girl called Kimberly, her hair a darkish brown perhaps, beneath all the dirt it was hard to tell, 15 years old. After watching the last of them Felix turned off the screen and turned back to them 'well, there you go, feel free to watch it again before we arrive at the Capitol if you wish, look over things, if you think it'll help.' I doubted it would and seeing Sinder's face, I think he agreed with me.