is restless and tired. How many hours have gone by? Without having a point of reference then how can you know where you are, what time it is, or even what day it is? You can't know time, almost like you don't exist. I hear something, and turn my head to the source of the sound. I try to focus my eyes in the darkness but find that I see nothing, nothing at all. Is this what it feels like? I wonder to myself. Madness is a fine line and once you are over to it, you don't even realize it. The lights flood on like a shock to the system. In the room stand five doctors in white clothes. When did they come into the room? The door didn't open or if not I would have seen the light from the corridor. I didn't hear them walk in, when did they come in, or did they even leave. Am I imagining it, or am I dreaming this? It is hard to pin point what is real, and what is not. "Who are you?" I ask them. "Where am I?" "Peeta," one responds. "My name is Dr. Erik Vassar." I look at him. It seems that he is the head doctor out of the other four. The other just walks around touching walls and having them open to reveal equipment. "To answer your second question," he continues. "You are in a detention center." He walks over to me and picks up a syringe from the tray. It was empty the last time. Things are appearing and disappearing before my eyes. Are my senses off, was that blast that blinded me from the arena, did it alter something. It seems like I cannot focus, and things are all fuzzy. "You don't need that. I feel fine." I say. "This?" He says lifting the syringe. "This is just to calm you." "No, no, no, I am calm." I say. He walks over and I feel the sharp needle pierce my neck. The cold liquid is then pushed into my body. He turns and looks to the other Doctors. "Doctors, would you please release the restraints, I don't think that it would be necessary." He turns and looks at me, "Do you?" I nod no. "Release the restraints." One goes to a computer screen and begins to key in something. I feel the restraints loosen and finally retract. The tightness over my chest slowly dissipates. I stand up slowly. "Are you hungry?" He asks. "Not really," I say. Honestly I am starving. The seafood that I had in the arena has been long and in between. "Well if you are interested, dinner is being served on the first door to the left of the corridor." He points and a door suddenly materializes and he walks through the open corridor. I quickly assess the situation. Should I go? Should I try and make a run for it? I doubt this is the same corridor as the original one. If I do make it to the hovercraft, how would I fly it? If I go and have dinner, at least I can try to get something from him. He is trying to establish a connection, so that I lower my guard. If I go, I have to maintain my vigilance. I start to walk, and see that none of the other four doctors even pay attention to me. They continue on their work on computer screens. I walk through the door and see to my left a doorway. It isn't the same white corridor that I went originally walked through. This one had blue lights and blue floor. It is a soft sky blue, and the lights pulse at a certain intervals. I stop at the doorway and look in. There is a single table with a metal covering on two plates. Dr. Vassar had just gotten to the table and pulls out both chairs. "Come; join me," he says. "You must be hungry." I come in and sit in the table. I remove the metal cover. There on my plate is three slices of meatloaf and mash potatoes. "Someone told me that this was your favorite," he says. "How did you know, who told you?" I ask. He places one bite into his mouth and begins to chew. "Hmmm," he says. "How did I know? Well I didn't know, but your family told the Capitol after the last games." I stare at the food. It could be poisoned. That is how I would do it. Well that is how I wanted to do it in the arena, make something and poison it. I look up and see that he is staring at my hesitation. He reaches over with his fork and takes a piece of my meatloaf and a little mash potatoes and places it in his mouth. "See," he says. "No poison. Really Peeta, if we wanted to kill you, we would have done it the moment you were taken from the arena." "Then why didn't you?" I ask. It is the question that has been on my mind. "Well honestly, because her life is in danger and you are the only one that can save her." He says while placing another bite in his mouth. I take a bite of the meatloaf and find that the meat is very moist and delicious. I try to keep my expression still so that he doesn't know that I am starving. "What did you mean by her life is in danger?" I ask. I see he stops eating, and place the fork on the table. He looks up and motions something with his hand. I look around to see where the camera is, as we are in the room alone. "There will be more than enough time for your questions. But now we have to get you ready." He says. "For what?" I ask, The door opens and I see them step into the room.