the country that rose up from the ashes of a place called North America. He goes through the history of the disasters that affected Panem, ranging from droughts, storms, fires, land disappearing into the sea and the wars that threaten to destroy us all. Through it is all a new nation was born, Panem. The Capitol surrounded by thirteen districts, which brought stability and prosperity to the people of Panem. There was an uprising, which is called the Dark Days, where all the Districts came against the Capitol. All thirteen districts were defeated and District Thirteen was wiped off the map as a punishment for the uprising. There was a Treaty of Treason that was signed which gave us new laws to follow and as an anniversary that Dark Days should never occur again, they gave us the Hunger Games. The Hunger Games, where the Capitol takes one boy and one girl from each of the twelve remaining districts in public reaping. They are placed them in an arena to fight to the death, leaving only one survivor. The arena change every year, from a desert to forest it is never the same and it is always hard to see, all the death. Even now I cannot even remember what the arena was like last year. All I can remember is that it was horrible. I don't know, I think that is the Capitol's way of keeping us under control. So that we never make friends, because what is the point if you have a friend that one day can be called to the Hunger Games, to see them die a horrible death. Even if you were to win, which I haven't seen that for our District ever, I hear that you don't come back the same. I see the parents of the past tributes (that is what they call the ones who are selected) it is like they are suffering their own personal hell. It is like the very life is sucked out of them. A shell emptied from the inside. You would think that the Hunger Games would be seen as sort of a funeral time as a reminder of the uprisings defeat. Well you wouldn't be more wrong in that assumption. Can you believe that the Capitol calls it is celebration? The only positive thing that comes from the Hunger Games is the District of the winner is showered with gifts of grain, sugar and oil, among other things that we are always in lack here in District Twelve. At the end of this very long recount of how we should be grateful to the Capitol for all they do for us, the Mayor, reads the list of past District Twelve victors. This being the 74th Hunger Games, our District has only two victors. Out of the two, only one is still alive, Haymitch Abernathy. When he is called by the Mayor he comes out of the Justice Building. Haymitch is heavyset medium height middle-aged man. He appears to be yelling something that of course I cannot understand; he staggers almost falling into his seat. Although I cannot smell it from here, I can tell that Haymitch is drunk. He is sort of our mascot, and so we cheer for him whenever we see him make it without falling. The funniest thing is that he responds from the cheers by grabbing Effie Trinket who barely is able to escape his affectionate "embrace." Mayor Undersee helps to deflect the attention away from Haymitch by announcing Effie Trinket to the podium. Effie Trinket is a strange woman, with her pink hair which looks like it might be a wig. Her pale white skin makes her look very odd. I guess this is the style of the Capitol, pink hair with bright green suite. Her voice matches her oddness, with the typical Capitol accent. Still to this day I cannot understand the pitch at the end of the Capitol's accent, always seems like they are asking a question. "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in you favor!" She says. "It is such a pleasure to see all of you again for this the 74th annual Hunger Games! I am honor to be District Twelfth's escort, and I look forward to this day every year. It is an opportunity for District Twelve to show Panem what wonderful people we have here." Effie continues on about how wonderful we are and how she loves coming to our District every year. The sincerity of her makes for a wonderful show. She truly believes in what she is saying, while we all know that given the opportunity to switch district, she would do so in a heart beat. I can't help but to lose myself in the surrounding people, their expression and how horrified they were at all this. It is what happens every year I think there is nothing we can do to change it. With that I see that Effie begins to walk towards the girl's glass bowl. She reaches in and pulls out a slip of paper. Everything for the next couple of seconds goes deafly quiet. She walks back to the podium, opens the slip of paper, and reads out the name. "Primrose Everdeen" I can hear the crowd of adults around us begins to talk and murmur. It always happens when someone who is twelve is chosen. I can see the peacekeepers come and take this little twelve year old girl by the hand. Something bothers me about the name. Where have I heard that name before? Everdeen. Everdeen. It sounds so familiar. I can't seem to place it. That is when I hear it from the crowd. A familiar voice screams out the name "Prim!" My heart sinks, as I realize that it is the same girl from the Seam. She is the one with the braid that always stops by the bakery with her little sister to view the cakes. It is Katniss Everdeen.