her. The story of a forest being burned alive, with the screaming of the Mockingjays trapped there in the branches. All she could do is cover her ears as the screams of the birds become the screams of the children that perished that night. Most of the time it is in the winter when she starts to have these nightmares, the last memories of her sister being blown to bits in front of the President's Mansion. "I know," I say. "I miss her too." She lets out a deep sigh and there I can feel her eyes finally turn from the stars to me. I turn my head and when I see her eyes, they are saddened by the painful memories of Prim. It is the only thing that can penetrate deep into my soul, those deep grey eyes. My hand reaches up to her cheek, and she lets out a small smile. It is then that she leans up as I lean down and for a moment everything just disappears, and it is just us again. We are back on the roof top garden the day before the Games. Her lips are as delicate and smooth, but passionate. After a couple of minutes she lifts up a hand to my chest and then moves away. "Do you remember the first time we came here?" she says looking out into the frozen lake. I look at her, and smile. "Of course I do," I say trying to remember the first time we were here. Grabbing her hand, I look down and nothing comes. It is then that something happens that I didn't expect. The memories of that day don't seem to come. Memories were never the problem it was always trying to figure out if they were real or not which was. I look up at her and she can see that something is wrong. I look around to try and trigger the memory and it is as if there is nothing there. The beeping of my indicator begins to go off as I feel a slight tremble in my hands. She covers my hands with hers and then looks out to the lake. "I can still remember how the birds sung and I had to teach you how to swing. It is just too bad about the lake being frozen," she says with a smile. "I could use a fresher of how you look trying to swim." A smirk emerges from her face, and I know that she is just doing what she can to get my mind off of what is happening or not happening to me. "Hey… well you… forget," I say through the trembling that hasn't stopped. "There will… be time for… all that…in a couple of weeks." I try to stand but find that most of my strength is gone, and I feel Katniss's grip tighten as she helps me on my feet. It has been years but hunting has always kept us in good physical condition. Even so, whenever I have one of these episodes, this small, I have never been this weak afterwards. Something is not right. We walk inside and help me to the sofa. She walks back outside grabbing the two cups of coco. She places mines on the coffee table and I can see the shivering of her hands as she places it trembling. She lets the cup warm up her hands, and then lifts it to her lips blowing off the steam that is still coming off the coco. Taking a sip she closes her eyes and smiles. I open and close my hands trying to calm them, trying to get them back to the steadiness that I have grown accustomed to. She sits next to me, and then placing her cup on the coffee table she looks to me. My breathing hasn't gotten any better, and I am having a hard time concentrating on my thoughts. It is as if all of them are all jumbled in there. "You okay?" she says. "I…I don't know what is happening," I say. "It is as if…I cannot catch my breath." She holds my hand in hers and it is there I see how fragile she is, and how totally fragile I am. The Games broke us, and the War hardened us, we have finally found peace, but no one ever told us how to put ourselves back together. She moves her hand onto her lap and taps it as if to place my head there. I comply and move my head onto her lap. Her hand starts to caress my hair and my breathing loud and deep begin to calm. "Close your eyes," she says softly to me. The last thing I see is the fire dancing in the hearth. It is then that as I close my eyes I hear her voice start to sing. "Are you, are you Coming to the tree Where the dead man called out for his love to flee Strange things did happen here No stranger would it be If we met up at midnight in the hanging tree" It is the image of her on the television set singing this song. It was something that the doctors in District Thirteen showed me back when I was struggling to understand the memories that were altered. My heart struggling to calm down, until finally it starts to beat at its normal pace. It was the first time I heard her sing this song ever. It was the first time that thinking of her didn't cause me to have an episode. It was when I realized that her singing caused not only the birds to be at peace but that her singing caused the same peace in me. I don't remember the rest of the song. In fact I don't remember anything else but her hand on my hair, and the darkness that welcomed me, not in a nightmare, but finally into a much needed rest.