roam for several minutes before Katniss pulls away. "Upstairs, Peeta." He follows her command and she directs him to her room at the end of the hall between the kisses she places on his neck. When he sets her down she closes the door before walking across the room to plug in her twinkle lights. Turning to face him she runs her hand down her braid and pulls out the elastic at its end. She finger combs her dark brown locks until they are loose around her face. Peeta starts to walk toward her. "You're so damn beautiful, Katniss." She smiles impishly and reaches around her back to the zipper of her dress. Her dress is hanging slack on her shoulders when Peeta reaches her. She reaches up to loosen and pull off his tie before making quick work of his shirt's buttons. "You know," she breaths, "you've been driving crazy all night as well. That stunt you pulled when we were dancing..." Katniss shakes her head and pulls his shirt down his arms. "I didn't know if I wanted to hit you or jump you." He had been holding her from behind, his hands resting on her stomach. She had one hand on his and the other gripped his neck. Their hips were swaying together to the beat of the song and she could feel his hardness pressing into her behind. Then he started whispering to her, how he wished they were alone and what he'd do if they were. His hands moved too, skimming her thighs and brushing the sides of her breasts. He melted her down into a puddle of want and need. But when the song ended he had pulled away, taken her hand, his face completely innocent, and pulled her over to meet Delly's new boyfriend Thom. The rest of their time at the party was filled with not so innocent brushes and touches. It became a game, seeing who could affect the other more. Peeta smirks and pulls down on her dress until it falls to the floor. "That was the intention." Katniss's eyes darken and she scowls, an expression which serves to turn Peeta on more than he already is. She steps out of her heels and away from her dress and pushes on her boyfriend's bare chest until he lands on her bed. He kicks off his shoes and socks before scooting back so he is sitting against the headboard. Katniss crawls up beside him and nibbles on his ear. "Take off your pants, Peeta." When the garment is removed she settles on his lap and leans in to kiss him. She worries his bottom lip between her teeth and then runs her tongue over it. He meets it with his own and they end up fighting a battle for dominance. Peeta wins. He has maneuvered them around so Katniss is pinned beneath him. His tongue strokes languidly against hers in time with the slight thrusting of his hips. Katniss mewls and wraps her legs around him, encouraging him to move harder and faster against her. His mouth moves away from hers and he starts a trail of kisses down her throat, across her collarbone, and along the edge of her lacy black bra. She sticks her chest up and he moves his hands up her spine to undo the clasp of her bra. He pulls it away and then his mouth is covering her right nipple. She gasps and fists his hair, holding him against her. "Peeta." She grinds her hips into his, slowly, deliberately. He groans against her chest. He wanted to take his time, but apparently Katniss does not. He moves his head to place open mouthed kisses on her other breast, briefly flicking at her nipple with his tongue, before moving up to kiss her again. Their hips continue to roll together and soon Katniss breaks the kiss, throwing her head back with a moan, dragging her hands down his back to grab onto his ass. So damn beautiful. Peeta pushes up onto his knees so he can remove her underwear. He needs to be inside her. Now. As soon as he's settled back above her, Katniss starts to pull down his boxers but halts when his hand finds its way to her center, circling where she is throbbing for him most. "Peeta!" She moans, her back arching. He lets out a groan in response and places several kisses along her jaw, his hardness now moving against her thigh. When Katniss feels her orgasm start to build she reluctantly pushes his hand away. "Peeta, I want-" And she doesn't need to say anything else. "Me too." He tells her with a husky voice. His boxers are thrown to the floor with the rest of their clothing and he settles between her legs once again. He kisses her deeply, holding her face in his hands, and then sinks into her. Their moans of pleasure are swallowed in their kiss. They move together slowly at first, and Peeta can't tell where he ends and she begins. He is engulfed by Katniss, the only girl he has ever wanted, ever needed. He knew since that very first New Years that that she is where he belongs. Their kiss breaks when it all starts to be too much and yet not enough. He pushes himself into her faster, need and desire taking him over. Moans grow louder and more frequent. Then Katniss lifts and circles her hips in time with his thrusts until she is crying out his name, her walls fluttering around him. A few more thrusts and he is following her over the edge, groaning into the side of her neck. "Katniss, Katniss, Katniss ." When his breathing has evened out, Peeta pushes up onto his elbows and grins at her. She gives one right back and places a quick kiss on his nose. "Happy New Year, Peeta." He chuckles and touches his forehead to hers. "Happy New Year, Katniss."