stop the Capitol. Haymitch was furious that we didn't tell him about my condition. I was too tired and upset to care. Effie was devastated. She told us how proud of us she is and how we deserve so much better, then she hugged us before leaving in a flurry of tears. Peeta and I spent our last night of peace together. I don't think either of us slept very much. We had lain there quietly, my head on his chest and his hand on my stomach. The arena has been total hell. I didn't want allies but we got them, five of them in fact. Two are already dead. There are only eight of us left: Brutus, Enobaria, Chaff, Finnick, Johanna, Beetee, Peeta, and myself. We've decided to set up camp on the beach, presumably the safest place in the arena. The jungle is full of terrors. Blood rain, poison fog, monkey mutts, jabberjays, some beast, and beside where we have set up camp on the ten-to-eleven-o'clock wave section, comes an unpleasant chorus of clicking. This spot should provide about twelve hours of safety. While the others sleep, Peeta and I keep watch. We haven't had a moment alone in the arena, no chance for us to talk. I'm stressed to the max. Peeta's almost died at least four times, and I haven't kept count of how many times my life has been in danger. My mind is also still frazzled from spending an hour listening to the screams of those I love in the jabberjay section. We sit facing away from each other, my right shoulder and hip pressed against his, him watching the jungle and me watching the water. After a while I rest my head on his shoulder and he strokes my hair. "How are you feeling?" He asks me. "Shaken up," I say, "but I guess okay as I can be. You?" "All right." He says absently. It's quiet for a little while until he speaks again. "Katniss?" I raise my head to meet his eyes. He takes my hand. "You can't save me. You have to know that. I know that that's what you're trying to do and it needs to stop." Frowning, I look down. I do not want to talk about this. "It's not just you and me anymore Katniss." He reminds me. "You have to think of the baby." I don't respond, trying to hold back my tears. He's right, I know he is, but I wish so badly that he wasn't. "If you die, and I live, I won't have anything, Katniss. I'll be loosing both of you." I can hear the sadness in his voice, the strain of suppressed tears. "You can't do that to me." A tear drops from my face to make a wet mark on my undershirt. "You can't die, Peeta. You promised me that you'd keep yourself safe." My voice is shaky. Weak. "You promised." "I'm sorry." He says simply. "I shouldn't have." Then he takes my chin in his hand and pulls my face up to look at him. Tears roll down his cheeks, but he manages to give me a little smile. "At least you'll always have a part of me with you now." The hand holding my face moves down to rest on my stomach. "I won't really be gone." A sob racks through my body. "I hate this, Peeta." "I know." He brings his other hand up to stroke my hair. "I know, me too." I want to stop thinking. I have to. So I do the only thing I can think to do. Shakily, I maneuver myself so that I'm in Peeta's lap. Taking his face between my hands I bring my mouth down to mold with his. We comfort each other with our lips, holding one another close. It is passionate and it is tragic. It's probably the last kiss like this that either of us will ever have. The sound of lightening crashing and Finnick's following yelp is what finally breaks us apart. "I can't sleep anymore." He tells us. "One of you should rest." Then he notices the way that we are tangled together, notices how hopeless we must look. "Or both of you. I can watch alone." "No." Peeta says pulling me off of his lap. He clears his throat. "It's too dangerous. I'm not tired anyway." Then he turns to me and speaks softly in a tone that I cannot refuse. "You should get some rest, Katniss." His eyes flit down to my belly. "You need it." I let him lead me over to where the others are and lie down. Peeta kisses my forehead and his hand finds the spot where our baby is once more. "You're going to make a great mother, you know." xXx The Games ended in chaos. Everyone was split up. I should have died. Two people did die. I blew up the arena. A hovercraft belonging to District Thirteen got me out. It exists after all. They got Finnick and Beetee too. But not Johanna. Not Enobaria. And not Peeta. The Capitol got them. I screamed and clawed at Haymitch when he told me that. But there is a revolution. And I'm its face, the Mockingjay. There also is no District Twelve anymore. Fire bombed. But Gale got out in time, along with his family, Mom and Prim, and a few hundred others. They've put me in the hospital ward of Thirteen, labeled me as mentally disoriented. I wish that Peeta were dead so the Capitol couldn't hurt him. I wish that I was dead too. But that would kill the baby as well, which against all odds is still alive, and I can't do that. I could never harm something that was a part of Peeta. My nurse looks up from my stomach where she is rubbing some strange stick. An ultrasound she had called it. She smiles at me and tells me I'm having a baby girl.