stopped to listen…" he trails off, lost in the memory, "it was the most beautiful thing I'd ever heard. I've been a goner ever since." "Well that's a detailed memory," she eventually offers in reply. "It's a hard thing to forget," Peeta shrugs. "I know, Katniss, that you are strong and brave and that you don't let anyone walk on you or pity you. I've never come across anyone that I've wanted to know more than I want to know you." "You'd be the first to think that," Katniss lets one of her arms fall to the side, her other hand gripping its elbow. "Don't be too sure about that." Why can ' t she just understand? She shakes her head. "Whatever." Boldly, he takes her free hand. "So what do you say, Katniss, will you let me know you?" She stares at him like a startled animal. One moment passes, an another, and to him it feels like an eternity. Around them, the town starts to count down to midnight and Katniss yanks her hand from his. "I-I have to go find my sister." Never "Do you want one too?" he offers after a moment. "We close up pretty soon, just a little after midnight, and there are more than enough left." She's going to refuse , he thinks. Why did I even offer? But she surprises him and takes his offer, reaching in to take a green iced snowflake with a soft thank you after Anna takes a purple one. "What do you say?" She asks the little girl that looks so much like her. "Thank you, Mr. Mellark!" Anna grins up at him so brightly that he can't help but return it in kind. This is a truly happy moment. He doesn't get a lot of those these days. "It was my pleasure," he tells them both. "Have a wonderful New Year, girls." And then Katniss smiles at him. Soft and small but completely real. "You too, Peeta. Happy New Year." "Happy New Year!" Anna shouts excitedly with a jump. The smile then gets directed at the younger girl. "Why don't we go find Mommy and Daddy for midnight?" "Yes!" Anna takes a bite of her cookie and then grabs Katniss's hand and tugs. "Come on, Auntie Katniss, let's go." After sparing one last glance at him, Katniss let's her niece tug her away. Peeta likes to think that there is some other version of his life where things worked out with Katniss Everdeen. One where she didn't leave him standing alone at midnight. Sometimes he even likes to think that there's still a chance for them. Then Katniss finds Prim with none other than Rory Hawthorne. There are only thirty seconds left in the year. "What are you doing here?" the younger Everdeen yells over the countdown as her sister approaches. "Bringing in the New Year with my sister," her reply is matter of fact. Obviously, where else would I be? "Oh no you're not." Prim pushes her back in the direction she came from. "Go be with Peeta!" "Wha-" she tries to refuse, to stay in her place. "No! Don't throw away something good just because you're scared, Katniss. He obviously really likes you!" Wait, Prim knew? How? "Go! Go Katniss!" Ten seconds left. Faster than she's ever run inside the fence, Katniss bolts for where she left Peeta. He hasn't budged. But is his face is scrunched up, frustrated or sad or both she can't tell. She did that. "Peeta!" Katniss yells as everyone around her choruses, "Happy New Year!" "Peeta!" she shouts again as she finally reaches him, grabbing his shoulders as she nearly crashes into him. His hands grab her waist, steady her. "Katniss?" He thought he lost her. Thought he lost his chance to win her over. "I'll allow it," she says quickly, breathlessly. "What?" He's so confused. What is she doing? Why is she back? "You can know me," the words are insistent. You can know me . Their meaning has barely registered when she presses her lips to his. Katniss Everdeen is kissing me . It's everything that he's imagined and more. When she pulls away she smiles. "Happy New Year, Peeta." Now "I can't wait until next year," Peeta's hand slides over to her side, "when the baby will be here with us." "Me either," she replies putting the empty bag to the side and resting her head on his shoulder. "We might have to go home early, though. I don't know if a ten month old should stay out that late." "That'd be fine," her husband considers. Then, squeezing her side suggestively he whispers in ear, "We can just celebrate another way." "Mmm," Katniss laughs, "I'd be all for that." "Good," he sniffs her hair and then rests his head on hers, "then it's a plan." His words make Katniss laugh again and he cherishes the sound. The moment. He has the love of his life in his arms who's pregnant with his child and blissfully happy. It doesn't get much better than this. Every New Year they spend together is special in it's own way, but this one will definitely be up there as one of the best. "I love you, Katniss," he tells her. She looks up, cups his jaw. "And I love you." When midnight comes he tries to show her with his kiss how amazing the night has been, how happy and in love he is. Then, briefly, oddly, their first kiss flashes through his mind. But he realizes, though, that everything that they have is that kiss. There was no them before, and only them after. It decided everything. It's still happening, really, that kiss. Their world is wrapped up in it, every possibility of them. And he is so thankful, so so thankful, that he gets to live in its forever. Thank you all for reading and have a wonderful New Year! You can find me on tumblr as hanginghope :)