nice sum in the magical world. All your books and uniform will be covered no problem." Katniss didn't ask any more questions. Her head was already spinning with all the information it had to take in today. Her parents were wizards, that was shocking enough. Throw in the fact that they were killed by an evil wizard and that she was now being whisked away and taken to a magical school, the very last thing on this girl's mind was money. It was all just too much to take in. As she turned it seemed that Prim as well was trying to think through the mass of information she was thrown. Suddenly she found herself with more questions then answers. The train was clacking on the track, the view out the window as the most calming thing about this ride. The train ride was over a hour long, the evening sun began it's descend as the train stopped at the station. Students standing and gathering their things around them. "Whelp, that'll all I needed to do, you two are going to meet back up with Mason and Odair I believe and get some stuff sorted out." Haymitch stated as he made his way off the train, leaving Katniss and Prim to get their things and exit the station on their own. They found themselves in a small old village of some sort. The buildings looked old and were usually stone walled with large windows for shops and wooden doorways. "Where the hell did that drunk go?" Katniss knew the voice before she turned, Johanna was walking over to them with a tall man with a muscular build and blonde hair. "So this is the famous girl with the scar?" The blonde grinned. "Finnick Odair, your newest tour guide today." "If you were going to meet us at the station why didn't you just take the train with us?" Katniss asked directing her question at Johanna, a little more then confused as to why they were being jumped around between various people. "She had to cover after deciding to let you take your sister with you." The blonde smirked, "Headmaster wasn't mad but it wasn't the ideal." "Shove it, I took care of it alright." "Johanna has to take her to where she will be residing while you study at Tretton." The boy smiled charmingly, "It's not too far from the school, but you need to get your books before the first-year orientation dinner tonight." Before Katniss could respond with any retort about being separated from her sister, Prim had already stepped forward towards Johanna. "Ok." "Ok?" Johanna looked just as surprised as Katniss. The younger blonde Everdeen seemed perfectly fine going off with the older girl. "No argument?" "Katniss has separation anxiety, you might have trouble with her." Prim smiles and chuckles at her own remark as she noticed her sister's facial expression. "You OK with that?" Katniss asked as Prim nods. "Don't worry," Prim presses, "Just worry about your classes." On top of everything else, Katniss thinks to herself before nodding. Prim turned back to Johanna as the two walked off, Prim gripping the other girl's coat sleeve as they disappeared into the crowd, the taller girl only stiffening at the contact. "Kids are great," Finnick chuckled as Katniss turned to him, "They see through things better then older people do." Katniss was about to ask him what he meant when she was handed an envelope. "Professor Haymitch wanted me to give you this, he said he forgot to before he left. It's supposed to be a card linked to the bank account with the money your parents left and a bank statement." "Thank you." "Don't mention it, now come on lets get you your base uniform, books, and a wand." Finnick stated as he ushered the girl through the crowd. The steered to the nearest store before Finnick held the door open for her. The store was filled with boxes with wands displayed in various sections. "There are so many." "Yeah, each wand is made differently and reflects the user." Finnick stated, "they're made out of different woods and different cores." "You seem excited" "I am, I haven't taken anyone wand shopping since Johanna was a first year." Finnick smiled, "The store keeper here is really cool too, he knows just the right wand for everyone." "Interesting," Katniss stated as she looked around at the wood sticks, each one looked so different. "What's yours made of?" "Cedar with a unicorn hair core." Finnick stated as he pulled out the wand from his back pocket. "That doesn't sound manly," Katniss chuckled, "Funny Jo said the same thing." "Finnick Odair," A voice called as the two turned to the elderly storekeeper. "Hey Omar, I found another first year." Finnick greeted lightly as the store clerk looked over Katniss. "Well step up here little lady lets see what wand speaks to you." Omar stated as Katniss walked up to the counter, Omar examined her for a moment before pulling out a box from under the counter. "Try this." Katniss wasn't sure what to do, she picked up the dark wood only to have the wind pick up around her before the boxed started falling off the shelves. "Maybe that's not a match." Omar stated as he plunked the wand out of her hand before any damage could come to any of the other wands. "She's the girl headmaster wanted to tell you about. The one with the scar?" "You should have started with that boy." The elder man grumbled, as he walked back behind a door before reappearing with a different box. "Ash with a phenix feather core, I guarantee it will be a hit." When Katniss picked this one up, she could feel a warmth spread through her body, a welcome heat the captivated her as it drew her in. "It feels warm." "I think we found a match." The elder clerk smiled, "I've still got a knack for wand-matching."