don't plead weakness." Azula followed behind Katniss and said nothing. Katniss hit the bottom of the stairs and noticed Azula's pretty amber eyes had grown wide and a dim greenish gray glow shone out of them. She'd heard rumors of their keen senses at night: some thought they might have bat ultrasound. Some speculated on owl like night vision, while some thought they had a kind of radar. Azula and Karo weren't telling. "The cat is gone." Azula paced around the crawl space anxiously tapping her feet on the concrete in an effort to scare the cat out from behind a row of neatly stacked rubber tubs. "You have something to say?" "I don't think you realize how much danger you're facing." Azula pulled the green plastic lid off one of the clear tubs. "Will that information somehow prepare me to face it?" Azula rooted around and held up a small black stick like device as if she had found a treasure. "I place our odds at less than twenty five percent. Even if Karo and I come out of this alive; we won't be first rate. Humans are lucky. They can forget or get drunk. We can't do that." Azula held up the black stick. "Karo has been wondering where his music player had gotten to." Azula continued to root in the bin as she held the black music player in her hand. "I wish I had your calm attitude." Katniss sat on the bottom step. "President Snow wants to dissect you. Prim's grown rather fond of both of you and hates that thought." "I hate that idea." Azula walked toward Katniss. Azula paused for a moment as she processed the idea. Katniss and Azula had never really liked each other but if Katniss intended to make Azula think about her actions; that statement showed a full understanding of her nature – she couldn't harm or cause to harm another human being. Katniss had wanted Azula to realize the danger of her situation. Karo and Azula had proven harmless; quite charming little people that never fit in well with others. Katniss never quite worked out if Azula and Karo were designed to be appealing or if they simply had a kind outlook. Another black car drove along the wide drive of Victor's Village . The black car stood out against the white newly fallen snow because coal dust had not yet had time to turn the white snow into gray muck. Azula had gone out flying in the middle of a moderately severe snowstorm after informing Karo that 'white was a color that could be found in District 12 and she had decided to find it' . Karo disliked the idea and protested that conditions limited visibility but Azula ignored him. She descended in order to make yet another clumsy landing on the paved drive. Since no one sanded or salted the streets; Azula relied on them being unused to prevent colliding with anything solid or not cushioned with snow. She had icing problems and so she found herself falling and flapping and and hissing and screaming as she fell out of the sky. "Get the Hell out of my way!" She screamed as soon as she saw the car parked outside of the unused house beside the one her and Karo used. "Crap!" She narrowly missed clipping the overhead power lines. They never were live in the afternoon and she had hoped to use the heavy aluminum wires to stop herself. She went into a spinning turn, hissing all the way as she flew into the top of a pine tree Haymitch had never had properly trimmed back and hung there gripping the tree trunk. A slender man with a mustache and unkempt white hair walked toward her as she hissed and hung onto the tree. She had expected Haymitch to come stumbling out and complaining but he must have lapsed into a drunken stupor that made him deaf to the sound of her hissing and breaking a tree. "What in the phrase 'get the Hell out of my way' didn't you understand?'" Azula looked own at the man in his gray suit and gray wind breaker. "Why do you get a car and we don't is another question." Azula examined the ground and tried to work out how to fall with dignity as she saw Karo come rushing out. "Who the Hell are you anyway is a third question." I'm Doctor Therius. I work with President Snow as a cyberneticist." He explained. "Are you alright?" "I see – I thought Snow needed a puppet wrangler." Azula expected another lecture from Karo on taking care and from Thread on guarding her political opinions. Azula didn't weigh all that much so she jumped back and fell the three meters out of the tree into the snow and hoped for the best. In her mind, the best was that the neighbor cat hadn't left any surprises. A cloud of snow flew up and Azula emerged and brushed the snow off herself. I came to study you." Therius admitted as he walked toward Karo. "You two are the first time we've seen cyborgs from the outside world." The sound of Azula hissing had become part of the soundtrack of Victor's Village . Karo never hissed but he didn't take on as many risks on landing and proved rather timid. Azula had come in at high speed swearing and hissing all of the time and Katniss suspected this a kind of expression of anger or frustration at things. Most of the time, her demonic hiss came out when she argued with the cat. She appeared at their door shortly after the hissing died down. The sound of Azula's hiss had a distinct sound of fear and a loud crunch followed so Prim and Katniss decided to take a look. "Are you okay!?" Prim asked with concern as she rushed to an Azula who almost mouthed the words: 'you didn't see that' .