are no less than sins. He will find her voice in the middle of it all and draw it out like a secret.) X So when Haymitch and Plutarch and Cinna ask her to join the Rebellion, she takes her chance and plummets in with them. And though she won't be doing much, she will be shrouded with a veil at the end of the day and she will be able to die knowing she picked the right side to fight on. Deep down, she has always known that the Capitol really isn't as good as they claim, and that everyone is better off without Snow's regime. Effie has no doubt in her mind that she has made the right decision in joining the Rebels. (But then she remembers what happens to people like her. That alone is enough to make her shudder with regret.) X The announcement of the Third Quarter Quell shocks her right to her core, and she almost falls over if not for Portia and Cinna standing right next to her. And though she's been picking the names for death row for fifteen years now, she cannot bring herself to say that choosing two out of three people that she loves dearly is just like picking strangers out of a lottery. It shatters her, this announcement. And it is when she finds herself calling his house in the middle of the night that she realizes that she isn't cut out for this sort of stuff. (Haymitch will answer and she will start crying and the only thing he swears he understands is her sob-shaken "I love you." While he will not say it back, he will tell her to stay safe and goodnight, and hell, that's good enough for her.) X She finds herself trying to not cry at the Reaping, which is actually horrid and horrendous because all the cameras are trained on her. She guesses her face is all scrunched up like it usually does when she's about to cry, and her upper lip is quivering and she finds that it is hard to say "Katniss Everdeen" without having her words come out chopped and watery and broken. Reading Haymitch's name is worse. But then Peeta volunteers and she realizes that she isn't as nearly as sad as she should be, and it makes her feel soulless and heartless all over again. There's some truth in the notion that love can make you selfish, and this is a case in point. It almost disgusts her. (She does have horrible taste in men, after all.) X In a way, she is still a marionette, and that is a fact of life that she can never truly escape. The Capitol wants her prim and proper and keep a sickly smile plastered on her face through every single situation. If there's a funeral to attend, she damn well has to find a way to spin it in a positive way or die trying. In return for her morbid optimism, she is given wealth and status and the benefit of the doubt. The Rebels want her to keep the mask upon her face and continue to be hated by the people she will help free. If there's a situation to be taken seriously, she damn well has to say something incredibly shallow, incredibly vapid or risk her humanity shining through. In return for her pretend loyalism, she will be revelled as a two-faced woman who betrayed the city that loved her in favor of the people who scorned her for so long. Or, if everything goes wrong, die as a martyr for her cause. Sometimes, she can see why there are so many loyalists and Capitol sympathizers. But then she listens Katniss and Peeta scream and shout in their rooms at the most ungodly hours of the night. And no matter how long she will stand at their doors with a cup of water at the ready and her bathrobe tied tightly around her waist, nothing will draw those nightmares away. They are only seventeen , she thinks to herself. And the night terrors of these kids do not hold a candle to the thousands of parents that have suffered through the deaths of their children who never got chance to live, and if they are so unlucky to win, then they would spend a lifetime in the aftermath of a survivor's guilt. The lucky ones are the ones who maintain their humanity after so long. So maybe the stars do shine brighter in the districts, but that doesn't take away from the pain that they will feel for centuries until someone puts a stop to this atrocity. Perhaps, if she looks at it this way, then being a rebel isn't half bad. (Tonight, she will be forced away from her tributes and the bruises that will form on her arms from the Peacekeeper's hands will only be the beginning of her life as Effie Trinket, rebel. Tonight, her strings that chain her as the Capitol's marionette will be snipped by a man that finally loves her and a war that will pave the way for a better future. Tonight, she will sleep in Haymitch's bed, and tonight, she will dream of greener grass on this side of the fence.) X And when the war is over, she sees that the stars have gotten brighter, too. X "...then all around from away across the world he smelled good things to eat so he gave up being king of where the wild things are." A/N: This is the product of being up at 3 AM playing Pokemon. I decided to do something useful with myself since going to sleep was fruitless at that point. I could not help writing another Effie character study. I also could not help including quotes from my favorite children's book of all time. Italicized quotes are taken by Where the Wild Things Are by Maurice Sendak. I hope you guys enjoyed this! ^.^ Review~