Peeta or Haymitch's face on the screen, screaming, crying, cursing, dying because she was selfish all those weeks ago, because she was weak and couldn't keep a brave face on. "I'd like you to watch the show with me, Miss Trinket. I find it entertaining," Snow rambles on as he makes his way next to her. The drink sloshes in his hands and he offers it to her - and like the first woman with the apple and the snake, with the fall of Eden and the emergence of sin, she takes it. His hand rests on her quaking shoulders, and when she turns to face the television, she almost drops the glass. The President's hand steadies her before she falls over. Her brother. Elias. Her brother. Her fucking brother. "No," she whispers, her voice threatening to crack. She falls to her knees and sobs, her voice hysterical and desperate as she screams at the screen, "Eli! No!" "He will be found tomorrow in the middle of a street, seemingly mugged for his money," Snow tells her, his voice fluid like it's some fucking song, as if it's a story, a game. "The killer will never be found, and his family will revel in the gracious amount of money he left for them." " Fuck you !" she shouts, her eyes wet with tears and wild with fury. "He didn't do anything to you! It's me. I screwed up. It's me, I die." "Oh, I know. He's a good citizen. He does the Trinket name well, Miss Effie," he continues. "The perfect citizen. The perfect man." "Kill me then," she begs. "Kill me, not him." "Well, where's the lesson in that?" " Please! " On the screen, Elias is bound by his hands and feet and is on his knees, staring right at Effie. His eyes are crestfallen, like he's given up, like he's offering himself to them. But oh, oh he's crying, he's praying, and Effie cannot bear to watch her older brother be reduced to such a state. "He can see you. He sees you right now. He knows it's your fault that his daughter will be fatherless for the rest of her life. He knows it's all because of you," Snow taunts. He takes a seat in the chair she abandoned and continues, "Would you like me to turn up the volume?" Effie shakes her head. He does anyway. And the words that fall from Elias's lips are less than graceful, and it's so painful to watch him admit defeat. "Effs, don't cry. Don't cry, it's not your fault, I-" he hiccups, his sobs rolling out of him until he finally swallows his sorrow. "Take care of them, baby sis. They love you." "Eli, no," Effie cries, burying her face in her hands. "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry." "Don't be sorry, Effs, okay?" he continues as he shakes his head. "Be brave, Effie, I love you. I don't blame you. I don't - I don't blame you in any way." "Don't say goodbye," Effie whimpers as she watches a man step behind her brother. He pulls a gun out of his pocket and points it to the side of Elias's head. Effie has to bite her tongue to restrain herself from screaming, and taste of blood washes over her. Defeated, she recoils into herself and sobs out loud, not caring that the President is watching her with amusement. "It's just like when I left for college, yeah?" Elias says through a watery smile. He swallows a sob as he adds, "It's not goodbye. Not really." Then there's a loud crack and then there's blood splattered onto the screen and Effie was not able to close her eyes in time. And it kills her, if you'd excuse the term. So she starts screaming. And even when they sedate her, even when she sits in the penthouse alone hours later with her cigarettes and bottles of wine, she will never stop screaming. She will never stop crying and sobbing and pleading with God, any god, any form of higher power there is to bring him back . Because he shouldn't have died for her faults, for her sins. He shouldn't have been punished for what she has done. (But of course, she is not in God's favor. There is so, so much blood on her hands, and no matter how long she spends at the sink scrubbing her skin raw, she will never wash it out.) . . . Haymitch tells her everything when it's too late to do anything useful. He spills all the secrets he's been keeping from her, all the reasons why she was kept in the dark for so long, why she needs to stay safe and wait awhile in the Capitol and find somewhere to hide. She tells him that she's known all along, that the whispers in the dark aren't really whispers when the hallways echo, that she isn't stupid or blind or deaf and she's known of this Rebellion since its conception in the Everdeen house so long ago. He smiles; he isn't surprised. "Stay safe," he whispers into her ear when she pulls him into a tight hug. "Please, stay safe, Effie." "I will," she lies. (She knows that she'll be chained up in the wake of the Rebellion. She knows she'll be put through hell in back in hopes that she either stays there or coughs up information she doesn't have.) And then he leaves. And then she cries and inhales so much smoke, she thought she'd burst into flames. (She isn't a phoenix, though, or Katniss for that matter; if she burns, she won't rise up anew, but she supposes that's quite alright.) And when the lights flicker out above her, she thinks they have forgotten about her. (They don't.) fin. A/N: BECAUSE THE TRAILER CAME OUT TODAY AND DID YOU SEE EFFIES FACE JESUSMARYJOSEPH. Also, it's nice writing for THG again. Don't forget to leave a review! :D