times, that I know nothing about all that's happening. Why can't they understand that and let me go? Let me be reunited with the one I love?" "Mr Mellark, I can't answer that because I simply don't know. You'll be reunited with your love as soon as they've had their fore fil of your help." He smiles and then starts walking towards the door he entered through "I thought you said you had to put a film on? And you're leaving? I'm not sure they'd be happy if you didn't complete the tasks you've been given by your boss," I say coyly. "Oh yes, thank you, Mr Mellark. You may have just saved my job." Liar. You don't want to be in this job as much as you're made to think you do, you know that. You'd love to be reunited with your family, that's if they haven't killed them already. I don't say this, I wouldn't dare. Who knows what they'd do to me if I had a sudden outburst. They'd probably bring back that electric chair and shock me until I almost pass out, wouldn't surprise me. So I just smile and nod and watch him as he sets up the television screen and changing it to the right channel that it needs to be on. "Afternoon Mr Mellark, I'll see you tomorrow at the same time, I believe," he says politely. I smile in response so I don't say something that I regret. He probably wouldn't go back and tell the hospital and Snow what I'd have said because it would affect him and his so called 'job' here. The television starts showing a scene I'm very familiar of, from the first Games. Glimmer, Clove, Cato, Marvel and I are standing at the bottom of the tree Katniss is currently climbing up. The careers shout things at her but I just keep silent. Cato begins to climb the tree with his sword in his one hand. He continues to climb up the tree as they continue to scream things up at Katniss. Cato places his hand onto a weak branch and falls straight to the floor. Glimmer gets frustrated and shoots her arrows up at Katniss, missing by miles. No-one can shoot like Katniss can. The programme skips past what happens next and the next thing I see is Katniss cutting down a tracker jacker nest which lands upon our group. I watch myself as I scramble up straight away and run off into the forest away from the poisonous tracker jackers. So it's true? Katniss really did try to kill me? She really did try and get rid of me because I was with the Careers. The television screen flickers to another channel without me touching anything. I don't protest because I'd much rather see this than see Katniss trying to kill me. "I want the rebels to know that I'm alive." Her voice echoes through the room. Its Katniss, how is this being shown on the screen here? The Capitol isn't a part of the rebel team? Is this the rebel plan that Caesar was talking about in that interview we done yesterday? She continues speaking. "That I'm in district eight, where the capitol has just bombed a hospital, filled with unarmed men, women and children, and there will be no survivors." Is the Capitol really doing such things? Why would they bomb a hospital filled with unarmed men, women and children especially? It's a hospital. Those people are sick and dying and getting help but the Capitol had to go and bomb it and kill everyone. It's a wonder they haven't killed me yet, they seem to be killing everyone off these days. "If you think for one second that the capitol will ever treat us fairly, you are lying to yourselves. Because we know who they are and what they do. This is what they do, and we must fight back!" She points to behind her where there are flames lighting up in the background. I assume that that's the hospital the Capitol has just bombed? How sick can President Snow get? Killing innocent children. But that's what he's always done, kill innocent children. Putting children from the age of twelve into an arena to fight to the death for self-pleasure. He really is a sick, sick man. "I have a message for President Snow, you can torture us, bomb us and burn our districts to the ground. But do you see that? Fire is catching, and if we burn, you burn with us!" Her voice echoes through the room perfectly and I see the emotion on her face. This isn't just a set-up, this is really happening, the Capitol are really bombing places. She shoots an arrow into the air which catches and lights a Capitol hovercraft, yes Katniss, fight back, I think to myself. The words 'Join the Mockingjay' fill the screen and I blink furiously trying to piece this all together. I know I'm in a district, no way would I be in the Capitol, and they wouldn't even let that get past the barrier to be shown on Capitol TV. I must be in a district close to the Captiol and that district must not be a part of the rebellion because if they were I'm pretty sure they'd help me get out of here. Help me get away from him. President Snow. An army (literally an army) of doctors dressed in white uniforms barge into my room and stand in front of the television as one doctor furiously plays with the buttons trying to turn it off and disconnect it from the server. "How much did you see, Mr Mellark?" A female doctor asks. I plainly ignore her; I don't need to answer to these people. They're probably going to report everything I say to them back to President Snow who will then use this information to try and get information that I don't know out of me.