away from his face. "Yes. I am. I'm…so sorry Haymitch. It's me. It's really me….it's Effie." Xxx He'd walked out on her that night. He hadn't known what else to do. He needed time to come to terms with what happened, who she was, what he'd thought he'd lost. She'd told him everything. She told him about the explosion, about witnessing her people being slaughtered on sight. She'd told him how she had hid in fear and had called herself a coward. She'd told him how she'd woken up here, in 13, petrified that they were going to kill her, convinced that they knew who she was. But finally, when she knew she was un recognised, and because she was alone, out of pure fear, she went along with the pretence. Months, she had kept up her little act, happily. Until the day she saw him again, until she realised she was no longer alone. Xxxx After a sleepless night, after thinking back to the memories of them, after coming to terms with the fact that he hadn't been falling in love with someone else, but he had been falling back in love with her. He wondered why he was wasting anymore time away from her, and so he turned to the only other person he could trust to help him. Plutarch. Xxx "It's true!" Plutarch sang, as Effie opened the door to her bunker. Her eyes widened in terror, who else had Haymitch told. "H- Ha-aave you come to kill me?" She stuttered, but Plutarch merely laughed out loud and pulled her, unwillingly, into his arms. "God, no, Effie." He bellowed, holding her close, but she tensed and couldn't get Haymitch to meet her eyes. "It's so good to see you Effie. I thought, we thought you were…." "You were right to be causious Effie" Haymitch suddenly stated, dryly. "It won't be safe for you here, if more people found out. Your going to district 4" he stated, but he still wouldn't look at her. "What? 4? Why? When?" She asked, prying herself from Plutarch. "So you can start your life again Effie, you won't need to hide anymore, not there. There's a place for you with Annie Cresta" Plutarch beamed, like he was giving her news she really wanted to hear. "She's very excited to meet you, she told me that Finnick used to hold you in high regard. I asked if she knew of any lodgings for you, near by. But she insisted you stay with her" Effie smiled slightly, not wanting to seem rude, but there was only one thing that would ever stop her from accepting the offer to move to 4 and it was still avoiding her eyes and leaning against her door. "Ok" she said, saddened by Haymitchs ignorance. "I'll go. If that's what you both want…" "It's what's best, for now" Plutarch stated, darting his eyes between Haymitch and her and noticing the tension. "Haymitch just…wants you safe…" Haymitch shifted uncomfortably on his feet. "I'll ah…I'll leave you for a moment. There's a hover craft leaving at noon. I'll let you pack and meet you there?" Effie nodded weakly and Plutarch left. She waited for Haymitch to follow him out but, he just closed the door and flicked the lock shut. Effie barely had time to draw breath before he finally came back to life, pulling her into his arms and kissing her hard. He cupped her face and deepened the kiss, parting her lips with his tongue desperately, swallowing her breathless moans against his mouth. They kissed this way for what felt like an eternity, grasping at one another's clothes, trying their hardest to be closer to one another. It was only when she felt faint from the euphoria of it all, that she parted them slightly, keeping her nose pressed against the side of his, as they caught air. "Sorry" Haymitch sighed breathlessly "I couldn't do that in front of Plutarch…he's always had a thing for you, you know" "Plutarch?" Effie questioned, wrapping her little arms around Haymitchs neck "…just Plutarch?" Haymitch kissed her again "no, not just Plutarch" He rested his forehead against hers and wound her up in his embrace. "Sorry about how we left things… I was in shock, I had to…process" Effie nodded. "I can't believe you're here" he sighed "I'm so sorry Haymitch. I couldn't tell you, I was so scared" she replied quickly "Of me?" He quizzed "didn't you trust me?" "Yes! Always!" Effie said, looking into his eyes "I didn't trust myself, I have a habit of falling apart around you…I wanted so badly to tell you, to say your name. Haymitch. I thought if anyone found out I could talk, they'd make me tell them who I really was, and as we got closer, I risked you getting into trouble too" "Don't worry about me, sweetheart" he pressed a soft kiss to her nose "But I do" she replied "I always have done." "I know…" He agreed, chuckling lightly. "But, let me do the worrying from now on, ok?" A sad look fell upon Effie's face. "You're sending me away…" "To protect you" "But you're the only one I feel safe with" "I know, princess." Haymitch said and propped the crook of his index finger under her chin, tilting her head up so that he could look into her beautiful eyes. "That's why I'm coming with you" Her smile almost hurt his eyes, it shone so bright. He mirrored her grin and held her close as fresh, happy tears brimmed in her eyes. "We've both been given a second chance, Ef. You think I'd ever let you go again?" She shook her head contentedly "Good" he breathed "Let's start this new life, together. What do you say?" Effie took a deep breath in and pressed her lips against his, greatful that she was no longer mute, greatful that she could finally answer his question, without doubt and without fear. "I say…Yes." Xxx