me so proud and so lucky to have two beautiful, smart and talented children. The rest of our lives, leading up until now have been filled with never ending love. We crossed paths I never thought we'd cross. We spoke to people we never thought we'd speak to. We achieved things that were considered impossible. We found love within each other and that is the greatest gift of all. I lay beside my husband in the hospital bed, our hands entwined with each other's. We say our final goodbyes to the other. "My darling, darling, Katniss. Thank you for this beautiful life you have granted me and shared with me. I could go on about everything that I'm thankful for but that would take me forever and we don't have that long. Maybe we will when we're finally in peace and out of pain together in another world where everyone is safe and no-one can hurt us. Maybe when we're in that world with your Prim, and your father, my father and my two brothers. Maybe then I will tell you how much I am thankful for, but for now I must say, thank you for loving me. I will love you forever, always. I love you my darling, Katniss," he says, grasping my hand as he gasps for air to fill his lungs. I lift our entwined hands up to my face shakily and I press my lips against the skin of his hand. "I love you my dearest, Peeta. Thank you for making me see life from another pair of eyes, you really opened up my heart and let yourself in. I'm not good with words still, even though we've been married sixty years to this day exactly, that's something you never taught me. But I will say those words that you taught me to be real and to actually mean something- I love you, Peeta Mellark. And I will love you for all eternity." I look at him for the last time and press my lips gently against his. We whisper 'I love you' to each other for the last time and that's when everything goes silent. The beeping of the machines has stopped and the light as stopped seeking through my eyes. I am finally in peace; I am finally with my Prim and father. I am finally, truly, happy. Mum and Dad. What perfect parents I had. These past fifty years of my life have been the best I could've ever asked for and that is because of you mum and dad. You fought for what you believed in and you stopped the games for good. You sacrificed your lives so other people wouldn't have to go through the things the both of you went through together. I cannot thank you enough for the life you've given me, you welcomed me into this world with hope and love and that's how you left, with little hope and a lot of love. You've inspired millions and you will forever be missed. I won't ever get to kiss my daddy goodbye or hug my mother while she cries but at least I know they went together and without any pain. When I married the love of my life, Oliver, I refused to change my last name from Mellark. That is because when my parents were gone I wanted to keep hold of something I will have with me forever. And I want to make the Mellark name proud and keep it for the rest of my life. That's why my children and grandchildren also have the last name Mellark. The original Mellarks might not be here, but the name will go on forever, just like the remembrance of them. I hope you're keeping each other safe up there. Daddy, look after mum will you. I love you forever, rest in peace always. - Willow Mellark, 50 years of age. Katniss and Peeta Mellark, Victors of the 74th Hunger Games, and Tributes in the 75th Quarter Quell. The leaders of the rebellion and the reason we can now be free and not send our children off into the Capitol to fight to the death. They shall be remembered every day and they will sure go down in history. To the star-crossed lovers who showed us that the power of love can make you do anything. My Aunt and Uncle, who made this world a better place I am forever in your debt, even though I never met my father, I know he died to make this world a better place and that's exactly what you've done for us. And if Uncle Haymitch was alive he would say, 'Stay Alive, Sweetheart.' And that's what Katniss will always do. She will always stay alive in the hearts of many of us. And Peeta, he will always stay by Katniss' side, no matter what her decision is. They will both be remembered and forever in our hearts, rest in peace forever. – Finn Odair, 63 years of age. My grandmother and grandfather were the most wonderful people that have ever step foot on this earth. They're caring, loving, smart, inspiring and perfect. Their love is what got them to where they are today and we should all appreciate it. They've shown us all that as long as we have love, we can survive through the toughest times. And they always told me, 'Poppy, young, Poppy. Don't you ever face this world alone; you'll always have someone, who loves you, even if it isn't the man of your dreams? You still have your family, and family is everything. We love you little, Poppy.' They taught me all I have to know today. I cannot thank my grandparents any more than I already have. They will always be remembered in our hearts, forever and always. Rest in peace my angels. I love you forever. –Poppy Mellark 24 years of age. Katniss and Peeta Mellark, loved by many, forever in the hearts of everyone.