of your good qualitys. That's why I was always such an asswhole to you Ef! You confused the hell out of me. I think in the end I wished you had just been another Capitol fancy. I probably would have been able tolerate you better but because you were...are so different, I couldn't accept that there might be a decent and caring and brave woman under all that shit. And then I found out about you. The real you and it all made sense. Everything made sense. You've been one of us all along and I never saw it. I never gave you a chance. I was blinded by your role. Until now. It's me who should be sorry Effie. I'm sorry. I'm so so sorry and I'm proud. Infact, I don't think I've ever been as proud about anyone as much as I am about you right now' 'Haymitch...' He threw his hands up in defeat and wiped at his eyes 'Sorry, I need a minute' He was embarrassing himself. He wasn't teary at his speech just at the realisation of what a complete and utter fool he had been. The way he had treated her over the years disgusted him now and all because she was too ashamed to share her secret past with him. In fear he would ridicule her further. Now he was the one who was ashamed. 'So...what now?' Effie asked. After a moments silence she closed their gap once more and rested her forehead onto his chest. And again, like instinct, his arms wrapped around her and he held her close. 'Now? Well...I guess...this is goodbye is it not?' Effie shrugged. She kept her eyes off his. She didn't want him to see her cry. 'My brother...he...he hasn't long' 'Im so sorry Effie' 'Yeah me too...' Haymitch squeezed her tighter. 'Snow said the job is mine again whenever I want it' 'Do you want it?' 'I don't know. Not right now. Maybe not for along time but the money I can makes as an escort can pay for so many supplies here. I'd be selfish not to go back' Haymitch held her at arms length. 'Selflessness is never an excuse to turn back. What your doing here. Right now. Even just contemplating coming back is courageous. It's brave and I admire you for it' 'The new escorts a bitch, isn't she' He laughed and pulled her into another hug 'Ooh Effie! You have no idea!' 'I will miss you you know. If you decide not to come back. I'll never hold it against you. Ever. But the games...without you by my side. Well, they'll just never be as easy. You keep me sane woman' His words elated her. Effie looked into his eyes as his hands rubbed up and down her arms, keeping her warm. 'Your a very honest and decent man Haymitch' He realised that she was echoing her brothers words from earlier. There was also another secret laying behind those eyes of hers. 'Yes miss trinket. In deed I am' Suddenly a faint voice whispered from behind them 'Ef?' 'OMG! EDWARD! What are you doing! You'll catch your death' Effie ran to her brother and wrapped him in her blanket 'Good choice of words sis' he chuckled. 'Whos this? No...wait...I recognise you! Haymitch Abernathy. 12s first and I nly victor. God, me and Ef adored you growing up! It's an honour' Effie hid her blush 'No, the honour is all mine Edward. I know what you did, what you tried to do for our districts. It'll never be forgotten. Your are the true victor in my eyes. ' Edward sighed heartily 'I just wasn't fortunate enough to be AS victorious...' 'Well, don't you worry about that. I'll be telling your story to my children and my children's children...ha...if I ever get that far' 'You have children Haymitch?' 'No. But. Someday' Without thinking, Haymitchs eyes fell upon Effie. 'How many blue stars tonight sis?' 'Oh Ed, I didn't count them yet let's get you insi-' 'Can we count them together?' 'Edward you'll freeze out here!' 'Here' Haymitch said solemnly 'take my jacket' Edward beamed as Haymitch put it over his shoulders 'thank you Haymitch, now I feel like a victor. But, if you don't mind, I'd like to spend a moment with my sister?' Haymitch smiled 'sure, I'll be inside' Haymitch made his way back in slowly. He paused at the door before closing it and watched them sit near the edge of the roof together. 'You remember to keep that promise Effie' 'I will Edward' 'Honest and decent hmmm?' 'CAN IT EDWARD I said I'd keep my promise' Haymitch heard them chuckle together then headed in to wait for them. He made his own promise to Edward that night, in his prayers, that no matter what happened he would be the one to make Effie happy. It wasn't like he felt he had a duty or anything but something much purer. He just had a feeling. Cradled in Effie's arms, Edward counted over 40 blue stars that night. They laughed and joked and reminisced about the old days. She made him happy and he made her cry and then, as the moon rose higher and the blue stars died out, he too, died happily, in her arms that night. Peacefull and content. He'd heard Haymitchs silent promise, as he was slipping away. He knew that his sister was loved by another, he knew that she would be safe and happy. Edward believed that only those who needed help to be strong, who needed extra courage and hope, saw those blue stars of his. He made one final promised too, before taking his final sweet breath. He made a promise that he would be the last blue star in the sky that night. And a promise that it would be the last blue star that Effie ever had to see. The End. :) love the reviews thank you xx keep em coming xxx