was freaking out 'Haymitch! Haymitch! Calm down! I have plenty of spare diapers! Peeta can go chop some wood for you. If the fumes haven't left by this evening just put the cradle in your room for a few nights, I'm sure Effie would prefer that any ways...don't panic!' Katniss hugged him and he slowly started to calm himself 'Im so...I'm so so proud of you Haymitch. I'm so happy for you both. And little Primily gets a new best friend to grow up with. Things are really working out so perfect' She kissed his cheek. 'Come on, I'll make you some dinner and we'll save some for Effie and Ruphia when they get here. 'Ruphia! I forgot! Where will she stay!?' 'Dont worry!' Kat soothed 'we've already cleared out our study and put a bed in there, she'll stay with us for a few days' Haymitch breathed. 'Thank you Katniss, Peeta. Thank you. For everything' 'Thats what friend are for' Haymitch and Peeta had met the women at the station. Haymitch didn't let go of Effie the entire way back leaving poor Peeta and Ruphia to carry the bags, but they didn't mind. They watched as he held Effie close as they walked back. One arm around her shoulders the other helping her cradle their daughter. Effie had cried at the new nursery, she adored it but asked for the cradle to be moved into the master bedroom with them for a few nights. The 7 of them and Fox enjoyed dinner together and cooing over the two beautiful babies for the rest of the evening. 'So Effie, Haymitch. What are you going to call her?' But Effie an Haymitch were stumped. They hadn't had the chance to even think about that yet. The party pondered over a few names but the new parents wanted to sleep on it. On that note Katniss, Peeta and Ruphia said there goodnights and headed out leaving Effie, Haymitch and their baby in peace for the night. After a quick bath, Haymitch and wife tucked their child in her cradle besides their bed and settled down themselves. They wrapped there arms around each other so tightly and kissed each other deeply. 'Im so glad to be back in your arms Haymitch, I've missed you so much' 'Me too princess, me too' They rested in silence for a moment. Enjoying each other warm embrace. 'So...' Sighed Effie 'What do we name our precious little girl? Haymitch laughed 'I have no idea! I've been thinking about that since you told me we were having a girl' 'Im sure a name will come to us soon enough' Effie smiled and burried her face in the crook of Haymitchs neck. Suddenly they heard a whimper from behind the bedroom door. Haymitch went to open in and in bounded Fox. He jumped straight into effies arms and licked her chin 'Oh foxy, I've missed you too!' She hugged him tight and laughed at Haymitch who just rolled his eyes and led beside them. 'I guess this is how it's going to be then huh?' He patted Fox's head and fox gave a low affectionate whimper. They all settled down together. Warm and safe and loved. Sleep slowly creeping over them. 'Hey Effie?' 'Yes darling?' 'Do you remember the first day we ever met?' 'Do I!? I remember it like it was yesterday. I was so nervous about meeting you. The only ever victor of 12! You were quite the star back then!' 'Do you remember what happened?' 'What... You mean at the party? when I held out my hand to shake yours...' 'And I just grabbed it and kissed you instead!' 'I could have killed you! You were so drunk, you spilled your wine all over my new dress...' Haymitch laughed 'yes I remember! I said I was just trying to water the Daisy's!' He laughed again 'they were Daisy's weren't they?' 'Yes! It was from one of Cinnas original collections. The whole dress was made from silk and Daisy's! You completely obliterated it! I hated you that day and I hated you for a long time afterwards too' 'Until...?' Effie sighed 'until...until I pulled your name out of the bowl at the quarter quell reaping. I suddenly imagined my world without you in it. Without you by my side every year. You drove me crazy but...I loved you. If loved you for years and I only realised it when I was about to lose you. It broke my heart. But then Peeta volunteered. The games began and ended, then the rebellion...it all happened so quickly. It all ended so quickly. Then other things became more important than just my happiness...' 'Will you miss Panem? Will you miss the children?' 'Of course. But...I missed you more and I couldn't ever let you be in danger for me. The kids will grow and move on and be happy and I can teach here. Panem was an adventure but this. Here, with you. This is home.' They kissed again 'So...' Giggled Effie 'when did you start loving me?' Haymitch laughed 'honestly...I'd say it was the day I saw you dressed head to toe in those ridiculous Daisy's, topped off with my wine and that breath taking death glare you gave me. Man oh man, you floored me. In a great way. I didn't come back every year after, just for the free whiskey!' 'Well, I guess I owe Cinna and those Daisy's a very big thankyou!' 'You sure do! Hey...wait a minute...how about daisy?' He looked at Effie and smiled 'Daisy?' 'Yes, for our little girl. Baby Daisy! I love it! What do you think?' Effie sat up and looked into the cradle. 'Daisy...hmm...Daisy...I think I love it too!' They hugged one another in delight! Fox yelped happily 'I guess he likes it too!' Grinned Effie and they all lay back down together. 'Yes Haymitch. Our little Daisy' And sleep eventually found them all. One little happy family. The end.