wiser. I realised, you hated me. Or what I pretended to be. Effie trinket!' She struck a pose. 'Darling of the Capitol! Her magical laughter echoed through them until it turned into almost a whimper. 'I'd lost sight of who I was, and I lost the part of me that loved anything, or anyone. The money, the fame...it was quite delicious. For a long time.' Haymitch couldn't look at her. He sank slowly into a table chair. He never knew. She continued. 'Snow once asked for my hand in marriage' Haymitch shot her a look 'But I refused. Out of punishment he placed me on district 12. The poorest of districts, little did he know of my past feelings for you Haymitch. I fear, if he had, it could have ended a lot worse, for the both if us. He doesn't like to lose' Kat and Peeta looked to Haymitch, he looked saddened and defeated. 'I was merely living, whilst working for district 12. Watching my life go by, the paint, the glitz and glam of my wonderful wardrobe, a mask. To hide the real Effie from Snow or to hide the real Effie from myself, I don't know. I'd given up hope of the hunger games ever being destroyed, and then, you' she looked at Katniss 'You volunteered. The love you had for prim over came you and you volunteered to die. To sacrifice yourself to save another. I didn't even know you and I was so proud. So thankful that you had shown me, love still existed in this cruel world. That was the day I realised there was going to be an uprising. And I was going to help make it happen. So yes, your love story has been the perfect cover for my plans. And now it is my turn to volunteer.' 'NO!' Haymitch stood in protest 'YES HAYMITCH! All these years I have put up with your teasing and mockery, not because I am a weak, mindless, Capitol diva...But because, deep down. I'm still that young girl with a crush Haymitch. I still and always will care for you and knowing I can save the life's of the ones I care about, who care about me...well, I would die a happy woman today' It didn't take haymitch a second before she was in his arms again. His hands moved from her waist up into her hair again as he pulled her into a deep and hungry kiss. The old Effie in her wanted to push him away and slap him for the drama but she knew deep in her heart that this would be her final free day. The last kiss she would ever receive. Her arms wrapped around him so tight she wanted to crawl beneath his skin. She was running out of time. 'Haymitch!' She gasped between his kisses 'stop, there's no time! There lips parted and with bating breath she unveiled what she had done. Caressing his face as she spoke, her tears could no longer be hidden. Kat and Peeta held each other as they witnessed the parting hearts in front of them. 'Theres a 3 o'clock train. Be on it. Head to district four. Find Finnaeus and tell him the final hunger game is afoot, from then on you shall be safe, I promise you' Now it was Haymitch struggling to hide his tears. 'I won't leave you Effie, I won't!' 'You MUST!' She kissed his again Katniss pleaded. 'Please Ef, get your things and come with us!' 'She can't' peeta spoke up 'this is your plan, isn't it effie? The press, the people? It's an absolute circus out there and it's all aimed at you!' Kat and Haymitch stood in disbelief 'Its true, I made an anonymous tip to the most famous journalist in Panem, I knew it wouldn't take long for the media storm' She spoke so proudly it broke their hearts. 'The capitols princess, a traitor. It's perfect' peeta shook his head at her 'why?' 'Beacause you are my champions. And I... I am nothing but a player in a very glamorous and rich game. My game is over now' A door could be heard being broken down, footsteps and raised voices. Military. Haymitch grabbed a hold of Effie but she fought him off 'I won't let them take you Effie, I won't!' 'You must! Peeta, remember what I told you all, 3 o'clock...I would have been taken back to the heart of the city by then, no one will be bothered about anything else, they wouldn't even notice a giant pink elephant leaving the city, soon as I'm gone you all leave, understood.' Peeta nodded through teary eyes and held a sobbing Katniss close. 'We love you Effie. We will find a way to save you!' A hoard of nearly 20 guards burst through into the kitchen, Haymitch held onto Effie so tight! 'I won't, I won't!' 'Effie Trinket, you are under arrest under the suspicion of treason and conspiracy! You will return to the city with us immediately to hear your fate, anything to say before we take you?' Effie smiled, held up her 3 finger salute and whistled the four mocking jay notes. She knew her fate. She welcomed it. Katniss watched, almost in a slow motion trance as Haymitch tried to fight off every guard that got close to Effie, a couple fell but they were out numbered. She fought for peeta to let her go, to fetch her bow but he would not. A quick and heavy blow to the head knocked Haymitch out cold. Effie was taken, grappled and carried like a Criminal. But Effie was as ever the master of grace. Her chin held high, her smile unbroken and her 3 finger salute waving goodbye to them all. 'May the odds ever be in your favour' A parting scentence, a wink and a smile and a door. Closed forever on the wonder that was Effie Trinket. to be continued...perhaps ;)