a hand to Haymitchs lips and he kissed her fingertips gently "if we are going to win this war, you need to focus, you need to be there for Katniss, you need to keep Coin on the right path, you need to stay sober and use that brilliant mind, that I know that you have, to her advantage.." He leaned forward, wanting so badly to kiss her right now but she shook her head. "Can't…" She whispered, but her breaking voice gave her away slightly. "When this war is over, I'm going to-" "But it's not" she interjected, before he could say anymore, before he could place absent hopes into either of their heads. "We don't know what's going to happen in the future. Focus on what's here, right now" "Your here, right now" he said slyly, running his hands around her waist and pulling her closer to him. "Please, Haymitch" she pleaded again, shakily. It was taking all the strength she had left, not to push her lips against his. "I'm only just working out how to forgive you, don't make this even harder by making me fall in love with you" She closed her eyes at her own words, wishing herself to just shut up and let him kiss her but she was doing the right thing. Haymitch saw her pain. Not wanting to cause her any more, he took it as a sign to leave. "So, I am forgiven then?" He asked seriously. He didn't think he could go back to ignoring each other anymore "I'll sleep on it" she replied. A small smirk teasing her lips. It didn't meet her eyes but Haymitch would take what he could get, for now. Anything to keep her in his life. The next few months were going to be tough, they were going to be dangerous, and like a soldier leaving for war, having his love here, waiting for him to return home safe, was enough to see him through it. Even if it was to be the death of them. Xxxx Over the months, Effie had made herself useful in the medical bay. Assisting, came naturally to her and blood and guys didn't seem to make her uneasy anymore, the games had given her a tough skin for sights like that. But, she was as weak as she was tough sometimes and the bombs had been dropped over the Captiol, killing thousands of innocent children. Many of the wounded and dying, were flown straight to 13 to be treated. Many had died in her arms that night. The sight of that and the feeling of losing a precious life, as it lay struggling in her hands, gave her the penance she deserved after all of those years reaping. Tonight she was unsettled. She needed him. She didn't finish til the early hours next day. News of Prims death had swarmed the district and Snow had been captured. Tomorrow was going to be the day it all ended, or it all started again. She couldn't sleep, sleep was the last thing on her mind, she needed to be held, she needed reassurance that she wouldn't be alone tomorrow. She found herself at his bunker and knocked gently. When he finally answered, he was undressed from the waist up and rubbing the sleep from his eyes. "What's the matter sweetheart?" "I can't sleep" He nodded understandably, taking her hand and pulling her into his room. As They wandered over to his single bed, she noticed how he didn't turn the light on and asked what he was doing. "Sweetheart, I NEED to sleep tonight, we both do, but if you can't and you just need the company, lie down, I'll let you watch over me" It was dark and she couldn't see his face but she could tell he was smiling. "Ok…" She whispered, slipping into his bed and bunching over, as far as she could, to the wall. The bed was still warm and it was so comforting. It smelt of him too, and when he slipped in beside her, the feel of his naked skin against her hands, created a new sort of warmth within her. He got comfortable, sliding his hand over her hip and resting his nose and lips against her forehead. "Better?" He whispered, kissing her skin gently. "Yes…" Effie replied and ran her hands, slowly up his chest before settling closer. A good few minutes of silence passed between them as they lay, crushed together, but still, Effie couldn't sleep. She was held, yes, she was comforted, yes, but it wasn't enough. Feelings were stirring up inside her as she felt his hot breath at her skin. She wasn't sure if he was sleeping yet, but she knew she never would, not until she did what she was about to do, at least once, anyways. Tilting her head up slightly until she felt his breath at her lips, she leaned a little closer in the darkness and pressed her lips onto his for a lingering, soft kiss. He reacted immediately, obviously not asleep himself, by tightening his grip at her hip before running a hand down the length of her thigh and hooking it over him. She pulled away for a second, letting their noses touch. "Still need to sleep?"she asked. Her breath was unsteady as she finally knew what she wanted, what she needed. "I'll sleep when I'm dead" was his answer before he closed the gap between them again and pushed his lips against hers, hard and hungrily. They didn't have sex that night, it just didn't feel right to take it that far yet, not until it was all over tomorrow. Instead, they held each other close, explored each other with their hands and lips, fell so intimately in love that sex would be the icing on the cake, when the time was right, when they could wake up happy and satisfied and without a second care about any war. xxx