chance as we always get with a boy and a girl both under 13" he replied and Effie's shoulders dropped with a heavy sigh "Best not get too attached then like last year" she was almost talking to herself when Haymitch asked her to stop changing the subject "The subject is closed Haymitch. How many times. I'm fine. But please, remind me to ask Luca who the guards were, the ones who helped me that night, I'd like to thank them personally" she stated "Guards?" Haymitch asked, slightly confused "what guards?" Effie sighed again slightly more irritated but too tired to raise her voice "The guards that- the ones that Luca brought in when he heard- you know the guards that took care of- of that- that retched man" her hands came up to her mouth. "I'm sorry, I need a moment" the colour had drained from her face, she ran into her bathroom and locked the door, Haymitch heard her wretching. She was definitely NOT fine. He spotted her phone in the hall and grabbed it quickly, dialling the number for suite 11 at the hotel "Merida speaking" "It's Haymitch. What the hell is all this nonsense about Luca bringing guards with him when he found us in Effie's room?" Haymitch quizzed. He heard Merida sigh loudly "Luca didn't tell you the plan?" She asked "Plan? What plan?" He replied, Obviously he had not "We didn't want Effie to know that it was you who killed the Avox, especially in her bedroom. We told her that we brought guards up immediately and that they took him away for execution. We thought we'd spare the details, especially since Snow wants her back in that penthouse as soon as possible to train the new tributes" she said "Screw Snow!" He yelled, raising a shocked gasp from Merida. "She doesn't know it was me that killed him? She thinks I just stayed in bed whilst it all went on?" He was angry, very angry. No wonder Effie was looking at him so detached. In her eyes he'd failed her, in every way a person could be failed "We thought we were doing you a favour too Haymitch. It's was Luca's idea. He knows about your nightmares and he knows how much Effie cares about you. He didn't want her knowing what you'd done because...it's Effie! She'd be more concerned about your well being than her own! She doesn't need that stress right now! Don't you see!" She stated He did see and she was right but he didn't like liars. "Your at her apartment aren't you!?" Merida accused. "You shouldn't be there Haymitch, don't say anything you'll later regre-" but Haymitch hung up the phone and took a deep breath. He decided it best he left Effie alone for a little while longer but on turning to leave he found her stood silently behind him, wide eyed and teary and looking at him like a lost soul He sighed in defeat "what did you hear?" He asked "Everything..." She answered and dropped her hand from her mouth down to her side "is it true? Was it- did you- was it you?" She croaked. Her expression was unreadable but he couldn't lie, not after all he had said to her about liars in the past "Yeah...I killed him" he said She let out a heavy breath and lost all colour in her cheeks again "What happened?" She asked "I heard something break..." He started She remembered the lamp "Then I heard some thuds and I came to tell you to shut the hell up" he tried to laugh but it turned to pain "then I saw him" he swallowed hard and his hands curled into fists "I saw what he was doing to you..." Effie saw him breaking and came toward him wrapping her arms around his neck tightly. Haymitchs arms came around her waist. Not too hard, he knew she was still bruised. "I wanted to kill him Ef. I got out my knife and I made him suffer for you. I killed him, I got him away from you and I made him pay!" He hugged her a little tighter because he needed to and it hurt a little but she didn't care. She buried her face into his neck and kissed him there. He kissed her hair then he kissed her forehead. She found his jaw and kissed him there too then they found each other's lips and they crashed together hungrily, with a burning need. She let out a soft moan as the cut to her lip stung a little under the pressure but she just kissed him harder "Thank you" she cried between kisses "thank you Haymitch" kiss "you saved me" kiss "you saved my life" They parted momentarily and looked into each other's eyes "I was so scared of going back" she stated "Luca said the guards had taken him and executed him but I just didn't believe it. I don't know why but I just didn't. I thought he'd come back for me" she sobbed into his chest "No. Never. He's dead. He's gone and I'll never ever let anyone hurt you again" he promised and lifted her head to make her look at him "I know I didn't believe you and I'm so so sorry for that" he struggled and she assured him with another gentle kiss that he was forgiven "But believe me when I say this Effie. Please. You'll never be in danger again. Ever. Not whilst I'm around and I'll never leave you. I promise" his eyes were wet and honest "Were all in danger. Everyday Haymitch. But I believe you. I trust you. I lo-" she stopped but he kissed her again "Say it" he pleaded "I love you" she whimpered and their lips met again "I love you to" he breathed and he vowed to keep his promise for as long as he could. The End Hope you liked :)