still burning for me, wandering all over me. His torn shirt and soft lips, stained a slight shade of my colour. I was feeling like I wanted it to happen all over again. I was feeling awake and clear minded. I knew what I wanted. Right now. It was him. I was feeling very very- 'Sober...' He was on me in seconds. Pinning me up against the wall and reading my hungry eyes. 'How sober?' 'Very.' His lips crushed mine and he kissed me for just a second 'You sure?' 'Shut up Haymitch, I'm sure!' His hands were in my hair again and then stroking down my neck. Our kisses growing deeper at ever stroke of his thumb at my jaw. He tasted of whiskey and I wanted more. I let my tongue explore his and I got it. Pinned between him and this wall made me feel helpless. Completely at his mercy and I was. It was incredible. Butterflies were catching fire in my stomach and flying around my entire body. I wanted him inside me. I needed him to take control. He must have read my mind. I overpowered her completely, in size and strength, but something told me that she liked it. I took over. I was the vulnerable one now but I wouldn't let her down again. I slid my hand up under dress and stroked my hands up one of her legs before hooking it over my hip. The movement pulled a breathy moan from her throat and I melted. Keep control Haymitch. But I was so close already. She was driving me wild. I'd had no idea I could feel like this again. She'd awakened the young, fighting Haymitch and I was ready for the game. My hand slid between her legs and she moaned louder. She was close too. I stroked her there and with every movement she ground against me in rhythm. Her heart beat quickened and I stroked harder and faster. Maybe I wasn't the only one fighting to not tip over the edge just yet. I bit my bottom lip hard, the feel of his hand down there shook me to the core of pure ecstasy. I didn't think I could control myself for much longer. I was coming and he was teasing me expertly. I was almost a goner when he tore of my underwear with his hand and brought my other leg up to join the first. He pushed me harder against the wall as I straddled him and felt him enter me. Hot and throbbing. I almost screamed with pleasure. He thrusted into me with long, hard strokes. Each time bringing deeper and louder moans from us both. I tingled with the sensation of him buried deep inside me. He was big but the pain was worth it. He picked up speed. Every thrust bringing me closer and closer and closer and closer and- 'OH GOD! HAYMITCH! YES!' orgasms ripped through me like fireworks. My whole being shook with the threading waves as I rode them out on him. I felt him explode inside me and he moaned loudly as he rode out his own orgasm. Incredible. The man was incredible. I was hard again in seconds. I didn't want this to end. I saw her eyes light up as I filled her again and she kissed me hungrily. I carried her to her room with her legs still locked around my waist and fell onto her bed. We started all over again but this time harder. Faster. Rougher. She clawed at my back but I knew she liked the pain. She bucked hard against me as I pinned her hands above her head and thrust into her deep and fast. Her breasts began to spill out of the top of her dress and I ripped that off too, revealing her fully. Her face twisted in pleasure and pain I asked if i was hurting her, if I should stop? 'Dont you fucking dare!' I cried out, begging him to go faster. I was losing it all over again. I watched him watching my breasts bounce wildly. He was close I was closer. I held on, clenching my opening tight bringing him to a hefty releasing orgasm I came when I felt him do so, inside of me. The intensity the second time around blew my mind and I screamed in absolute pleasure. He fell on top of me, sweaty and breathless and kissed me until our hearts steadied. Maybe he had been saving up all of his energy all these years. I'd never known him to date anyone let alone bring anyone back to the apartment the entire time id known him, I don't know but, however he managed it I thanked my lucky stars as we carried on screwing each other senseless for the whole night. Then again in the morning. I lost count of my orgasms. I lost count of the incredible things he could do to my body with his. I was his complete slave and I loved it. We slept, side by side, for the entire day after. But as soon as one of us awoke we had to touch the other. We had to start all over again and wouldn't stop until sleep over came us. My phone had been going crazy. I'd missed meetings and lunches and...well, not that I'd have even gone or would go again but I missed my date. We made a joke of it and Haymitch teased me by trying to call him. Always the trouble maker. Sooner or later though, we would have to get out of this bed. We would have to eat and show our faces so that people wouldn't think that we had finally killed each other. But maybe, just for one more day and one more night, we could enjoy the beginning of something quite spectacular. And THAT, ladies and gentleman, is what Haymitch Abernathy is like in bed. The end.