he leaned forward, brushing his lips against mine. For a moment, he was himself again. I gave a half-hearted smile before the guard spoke up, "are you both done here?" he asked nervously. My eyes shifted once more to the mouth of the cave, the realization of that moment hovering in my mind. It would be the last time I would see that cave. Peeta and I would have our time together- without this cave. Our beginnings... would just be a memory now. I nodded and we made our way back to the cart… My heart was pounding hard against my chest, the first time it had since the end of the rebellion. "Where else would you like to go?" I paused and sat down in the cart. Peeta waited for my words. I sighed, the words feeling foreign on my lips. "Take me to Rue…" I mumbled. The ride didn't seem as long this time and when the small pasture came into sight, I had to contain my emotion. I pushed myself from the cart and as Peeta stepped to get out I shook my head. "I need- a moment. Head back to the Cornucopia.. I'll walk back," I told him. Although I could almost see the objection on his lips, he nodded. The guard looked over me for a moment before obeying my request. I waited for a moment to lose the sound of the cart before I turned back to the site. In the small clearing there were two limestone posts… one for Marvel and one for Rue. I walked past Marvel's stone, thinking of the arrow which I fired. I thought how his spear was thrown, taking the life of my small ally. I thought of my lovely little Rue- the one who reminded me of my beautiful Prim. The small place where she had laid was decorated with planted flowers- mimicking what I had done for her. I walked hesitantly towards the placement… I don't know what I was scared of. I was alone now- nothing to fear. I knelt down next to the small flower bed, brushing my hand over the grass where her body had once rested, I didn't attempt to hold in my tears now. They welded my eyes, poured from my face in waves. I heaved, crying heavily as I thought of the short time I had spent in her company. Of the regrets I had in my life, which were many, I considered Rue's death to be one of the most painful. If I hadn't left her side- if I had run faster… maybe it wouldn't of happened the way it did. I could have saved her- or at least… I don't know. I cried for what seemed like an hour. I sat up after my sobs seemed to subside. I breathed deeply, trying to compose myself, wiping my face of the tears. My cheeks were raw from my cry… but even still, a gentle chirping seemed to bring me back to life. Looking up at the trees, I could see the slight shine of the bright blue sky above. Puckering my lips, I gently whistled the four note tune- the one I had used with Rue. Several mockingjays returned the song. As I heard the gentle song reverted back to me, I couldn't help but believe, even in that moment, that Rue was there… I whistled the song again and once more heard it in reply. "Rue-" I whispered, looking down at the flowers. "I'm sorry- I couldn't do more for you… I couldn't be strong during our time together…" The breeze caught a bit of my hair, causing a small shiver to run up my spine. "I - I tried to be strong after you were gone… a lot of people were lost… friends and family, but we did it…. We won Rue… we won…" I breathed deeply, looking up at the sky. The mockingjays gentle sang the tune again without my initiation, causing me to smile. I reached within my pocket, pulling out the contents slowly. The mockingjay pin sat within my palm. "You know-" I whispered, "even though it's been through so much- seen so much, it still reminds me of you…" I brushed my thumb down the mockingjay which sat in the middle of the pin. I thought of Rue's smile, the way she eyed it and found trust through it. "We won Rue. I'm sorry you're not here to see it…" The breeze that had picked up was now a full wind and the mockingjays chimed off the tune above my head. I raised myself from the dirt, looking up, searching for the mockingjays which chirped so happily. Even though my eyes couldn't find them, my smile held strong for them all beneath my worn and wet cheeks. I brushed my fingers against my lips, holding my hand up as I had done those years ago. As I saluted the air, saluted Rue's presence… I felt- peaceful. It was not a salute of pain as it had been. It was a salute of goodbye. I can't say I was a very spiritual person… I can't say I believed in much at the beginning of my journey those years ago when I volunteered for Prim… but now as I walked back to Peeta and from the arena I did believe Rue was in a better place. I would see her, Prim, even Finnick, Cinna, Finch and all the others again… I hoped that until then- when I joined them… that the mockingjays would continue to sing that familiar tune. Until we meet again… [ a/n : It's my first Hunger Games one shot. I love this fandom. I hope you all enjoyed it. If you want more, review, favourite. Let me know what you think! Ps. One of the review mentions the arenas after demolition. A simple reminder that after the arenas were destroyed, monuments were put in their place. :3 The more you know.]