Peeta has outdone himself today. Best of all, there is a bottle of something red and delicious-looking on the sideboard. "Present from Effie," Peeta says when he sees Haymitch looking at it. "She brought it from the Capitol." "That wonderful woman," Haymitch grins, picking up the bottle. "This is—" "Cranberry juice," Effie's trilling tones come from the hallway. "Cranberry juice?" Haymitch repeats, making a face. "Why would anyone drink cranberry juice, and why would you get my hopes up like that?" "It is delicious," she says. "And not my fault that you immediately assume anything in a bottle is here to get you drunk." "Would it have killed you to bring wine?" "It might have killed you," she says. She gives him a stern, disapproving look, lips pursed, and it's almost as familiar to him as the look of fatigue that stares back at him daily from the mirror. For a moment in his mind they are back on the train, an escort and her victor, bickering yet again about his drunken escapades. In a strange way, it makes him feel nostalgic. "Come on, you two," says Peeta firmly. "Time for dinner." The roast venison is delicious, and Effie, holding her fork delicately in a gloved hand, declares it to be as good as any venison she's ever had at the Capitol. Peeta uses this as a segue to ask her about life in the Capitol these days. "Oh, it has changed a great deal," Effie says seriously. "Fewer people, of course, and those of us that are left had to relocate into parts of the town unaffected by fighting. And it took months to clean up all the defenses President Snow had around the city—there were all these . . . booby traps, apparently, that would go off if people came too close—" She cuts off as Peeta and Katniss both visibly tense; Haymitch supposes that they're remembering their terrifying incursion into the city. Perhaps Peeta is remembering when he had an episode and, in his out-of-control state, knocked Mitchell into one of the pods and killed him. But he supposes Effie doesn't know these things, as she was imprisoned at the time; at the very least, she clearly has no idea why Peeta and Katniss look so upset, and she looks pleadingly at Haymitch for help. So he supposes he can save the conversation, if he must. "Looks like clothes have changed too. You're not as colorful as you used to be." This is a sufficient distraction from the awkwardness. She glances down at her austere brown and gray dress and fawn gloves and smiles. "Yes, they're beautiful, don't you think? This is what everyone's wearing now. After . . . everything, everyone wants clothes that are less frivolous. More serious, out of respect for what has happened." Haymitch fights the urge to roll his eyes. Districts are struggling to rebuild, soldiers and victors are coping with bodies that may never fully heal and minds that may never fully be at peace again, and how is the Capitol dealing with it all? By wearing more serious clothing. Good thing they didn't experience as much actual fighting as the districts did, because they would genuinely not have been able to cope, not even with the help of all the serious dresses in the word. That's unfair of him, he knows. Many Capitol citizens suffered greatly, many died, many watched their own children get blown apart by Coin's bombs. But they didn't see nearly the same amount of destruction as the districts. And before the rebellion started, they never starved or feared the Peacekeepers; they never watched family and friends die in the Games. They never knew the horror of a reaping. Well, this conversation is getting them nowhere. "Where are you working at now?" he asks, although he already knows the answer from his frequent phone calls with Plutarch. Effie smiles. "I'm working for our old friend Plutarch. On one of his shows, Stories across Panem. Perhaps you've seen it?" She looks around hopefully, but Haymitch and Katniss just look at her blankly and Peeta shrugs apologetically. All three of them agree that they're happier staying out of touch with the rest of the world, and their televisions stay off. "That's all right," she says, sounding disappointed. "I'll have to show you an episode while I'm here; it's really wonderful. We travel around the Capitol and the districts and ask people to share stories about their lives—what their district is like, how they live now, how they lived before the rebellion. All done very tastefully, of course. We were all so isolated from each other under President Snow, and Plutarch saw this as a way to increase awareness and unity across the country." Sounds just like Plutarch, using entertainment to make a point. Knowing him, it probably works, too. Haymitch thinks the show sounds awfully dull, but Peeta looks interested. "I'd love to see that," he says sincerely. "And I'm not surprised you ended up on TV. You were always good at it." Unexpectedly, Effie freezes, and a look crosses her face that reminds Haymitch of the way Katniss looks when she remembers . . . anything, really. "Oh, I'm not in front of the camera," she says. "I . . . I had enough of that as an escort." There's a pause, and then she fakes a laugh and plows into a conversation with Peeta about how beautiful his house is with a great deal of forced cheerfulness that can't cover the tension in the room. And Haymitch sits back in his chair and listens with eyebrows raised. He's learned two things tonight: one, that this is going to be an incredibly awkward week, since Effie keeps accidentally stumbling into the conversation topics they'd rather ignore and they seem to be good at doing the same thing to her; and two, Effie Trinket is not as okay as she pretends to be. . . . . . .