their trash cans. The day he gave me bread. "Us acting like we're in love – yeah it might convince some people, but for the most part the damage has been done. Whether the berries were an act of love or an act of defiance – the relevant part was the effect, not motivation." "Meaning?" "Meaning you could have been a lovestruck girl or a defiant protester and it wouldn't have made a difference. What matters is that you got the better of the Capitol." "So we're screwed." Peeta exhales and rubs the back of his neck. "Not necessarily. People are crazy angry. They want vengeance. We can't turn back the tide." I can see Peeta thinking hard. "I think our best bet is to change its course." Peeta would make a good politician. If I wasn't leading him to an imminent death. "How?" I ask him. "I was talking to Haymitch. Most districts are mad, but the worst ones are 8, 4, and 3." "How does Haymitch know?" Peeta shook his head. "He told me the less I knew, the better. He wants us to keep our heads down and do what President Snow wants, the whole star crossed lovers act. I told him I wanted to try something different." "What do you have in mind?" "If we can't tell the districts to let go of their anger, maybe at least we can get them to hold on to it. I'm working on a speech with Haymitch, now. Something along the lines of be smart, don't do anything that'll get you killed. People will get what's coming to them." Steam is starting to get everywhere. I'm glad. If there are cameras, they'll get fogged up. Audio is definitely drowned out, but you couldn't take too many chances. "That'll get you killed, Peeta. It already sounds like you're planning some sort of rebellion-" "Maybe not. Not if I make it about love." I shake my head. "It's too dangerous-" "It can't be any more dangerous than what's happening now," he argues. "I can do this, Katniss. Trust me." Trust me. There aren't many people I'd trust my life with. I don't even trust my own mother. I trust her to love me of course, but not to take care of me. I trust Prim. I trust Haymitch. I know in this instant, I trust Peeta. "Okay." "I'll need your help though," he says. "Anything," I answer, looking up at him. "We need to keep up the star crossed lovers charade," Peeta says. "I know you don't want to-" "Don't worry about it." Peeta looks a little sad. "What about Gale?" Was he still fixated on that? Matters of life and death at stake. If I am totally honest with myself though, I am afraid of how Gale will react. But if I'm figuring my feelings about Gale, Peeta is the last person I'd want to talk to. "I'll handle it." "Okay. It's because it's not just the districts we need to appease – we need to keep the Capitol happy too. If the Capitol becomes unhappy with us – well, we lose value. It makes it easier for us to disappear. If we're always front and center with the Capitol citizens, it keeps us alive. Bread and circuses." "What?" "It was in an old book I read. You keep citizens happy by keeping them fed and entertained. As long as we entertain the Capitol, Snow can't touch us." "Whatever it takes to keep us all safe, I'll do it," I tell Peeta. But even as I say the words, I feel the Capitol closing in on me. I'll never be free again. Peeta tentatively brushes my hair back. "Thank you." I reach back and turn the shower off. We both step out, me into my robe. Peeta grabs a towel and wraps it around his waist. We both step out into my bedroom. "We should get to bed," I say, thinking of my prep team's earlier discussion. Peeta picks up his robe. "Yeah. I'm going to work on that thing we talked about." "You won't sleep on it?" "Trouble sleeping. Nightmares. If I'm tired enough, I don't dream. I'm hoping the nightmares go away on their own though." "I don't know if they ever will," I say, thinking of Haymitch. He never sleeps at night if he can help it. I make a mental note to find out what happened in his games to make him hate night time so much. As if on cue, we hear a crash and a string of creative expletives. Haymitch is still in the bar car. "Good night, Katniss." Peeta bends to give me a kiss on the cheek. I open the door. A startled looking attendant stands, poised to knock. "Effie Trinket sent a glass of water," she says. "For the pills she gave you." Peeta – who is still shirtless - takes it from her with a bit of a devilish grin on his face. "Thanks. Here you go sweetheart," he says handing it to me. He winks at the attendant and walks to his room. I follow the attendant's gaze into my bedroom – where my dress, nightgown and Peeta's shirt are strewn all over the floor and the bed sheets are rumpled. Under ordinary circumstances, I would have been mortified. All I can do is close the door and lean back on it – I cannot tell if I am laughing or sobbing. Maybe something in between. The next day is less tense as there is only travelling. I try to distract myself, but there aren't many things to do. I visit my prep team and they are more than willing to show me how to use make-up and beauty creams. I make up a game – figuring out how each instrument can be used as a weapon. As I step off the train at District 10, I grab Peeta's hand so hard my knuckles are white. It's show time.