to sort out the mess. A loud screeching noise pulled me out of my thoughts. I winced as Tropicana Weedle, our escort, noisily adjusted the microphone. Tropicana looked as ridiculous as always. Her skin was dyed a pale, unnatural white and her lips, eyes and afro hairdo were bright orange which clashed horribly with her hot pink outfit and shoes. She smiled brightly towards her unwilling audience her fake, white teeth blinding. It disgusted me that the citizens of the Capitol could afford to make themselves look like freaks, whilst people in my district died daily from starvation and curable infections. It was humiliating and repulsive that the Capitol treated the Hunger Games like a sporting event from the past; pitting each district against each other like their lives did not matter. One day, I thought darkly, I would like to see how the capitolites would feel if it were their children, capitol children, fighting to the death. I hoped that day would come soon. I watched scowling as District 3's Mayor made his way to the stage. He had never been the same after Anneliese's death. She had been his only child and his wife had soon gone mad with grief. He was much quieter nowadays going about his responsibilities swiftly and without much enthusiasm. He began his compulsorily speech. It was the same one every year accompanied with the same video of how Panem came to be. In History class at school we learned that Panem was once known as America. From the ashes of a war-torn America Panem rose. It was ruled by the tyrannous Capitol which took advantage of the surrounding thirteen districts. We were given the worst food, the shabbiest clothing and the poorest housing. He tells us about the rebellion, how we fell, how District 13 was destroyed, and how as punishment, the Hunger Games came to be. To make sure we understood who was in charge, every year two tributes one girl and one boy would be picked from each of the twelve remaining districts to participate in the barbarity of the Hunger Games. Where they would then proceed to fight to the death, the last one standing was the winner, and would become an instant celebrity in the Capitols eyes. He read out the list of past District 3 victors. In the last seventy years District 3 has only had three. Beetee who won the 48th Hunger Games, Wiress who won the 53rd and Tiffa Johnson who won the 15th and died of morphine overdose a few years back. She was an addict which I had never fully understood until we had been made to watch her games in school one day. It had been one of the most gruesome games I had ever seen, and I had always made sure to smile at her whenever I saw her after that. Tropicana takes over after that. She grins that fake cheshire smile again before broadcasting that she would pick the boy first this year as a change. I wanted to punch her. It didn't matter who got picked first the end result would be the same. They would both end up dying. I watch as she reaches into the giant reaping bowl and plucks out one of the folded names with her perfectly manicured and done up fingers. She opens the folded paper up and the tension in the air becomes thicker as she clears her throat and pronounces clearly, so that everyone can hear; 'Marius Blakely'. I could hear sobs of grief coming from the crowd of bystanders watching us indubitably a family member. The name is unfamiliar to me so my eyes follow those of the girl next to me, to see a tall boy slowly make his way up to the stage through the crowd of eighteen year olds. His last year, such a pity, he would have gotten by never having to worry about the games again if he hadn't been picked. The peacekeepers watched him warily as if he would try to make a run for it. It was ridiculous really; we were the smart district, we weren't stupid enough as to try to run when we knew the consequences. I had never met Marius Blakely, but he was clearly well off wearing a clean white shirt and dress pants that had yet to be stained grey by the permanent cloud of mist and soot that seemed to continuously surround our district. He had red hair, an oddity around here where the majority of the district was blonde with a few dark haired people now and then. He wasn't crying nor did he look confident. In fact he had a slightly lost look on his face, like he didn't know where he was as he stood there on the stage. We clapped in sync with each other like we always did though there was nothing happy to be clapping about, as one of our own had been most probably sentenced to his death, but Tropicana just laughed oblivious to our distaste for her and everything her surgically enhanced body stood for. After shaking Marius's hand Tropicana walks towards the other reaping bowl, the one full to the brim with the names of the hundreds of girls that inhabited District 3, the bowl that held six slips of paper with my name neatly printed on them. I watch as her hand digs deep into the bowl before she extracts one. I watch in slow motion as she opens that flimsy piece of paper and that's when it hits me, that feeling of dread and apprehension that washes over me every time something bad is about to happen. I shiver, my eyes set firmly on the stage as Tropicana announces the unlucky tribute, and the name coming out her mouth? It's mine. Sooooooo what did you think? Was it any good? The next chapter should be up soon but it may be a little delayed due to exams: D