with some wariness but if she wanted to argue that drinking and driving was dangerous, she was clever enough to hold her tongue. "The next town is probably full of flesh-eating monsters. Last one I saw was." She didn't answer. She looked through the window silently for a while and Haymitch started to relax. Maybe she wasn't as chatty as he had feared she would be. He could bear human company for a few hours. It wasn't worse than the dead animals on the side of the road anyway. "Are they really zombies?" she asked, after almost fifteen minutes of silence. It was soft and uncertain. "Where have you been those last few months?" he snorted. "They popped all over the country." Although to be fair, medias had made sure to rationalize the event and reassure the population that everything was under control. Except it really wasn't. "They said it was a virus." the woman – Effie – argued. "They said it was safely contained… They said it wouldn't spread." "It probably was a virus." Haymitch shrugged. "Or a bacterial attack. Maybe it was the rebels, maybe it was Snow's idea of a preventive strike and it got out of hands… Who knows and who cares? It's the apocalypse, sweetheart, store the booze, grab a gun and try to enjoy the ride because it's probably going to be short…" She nudged an empty bottle with her bare foot. "My friends… My stylist, the photographer… They're probably dead, aren't they?" He glanced at her. She looked miserable. "Sorry, sweetheart." he offered. "I should have stayed and helped…" she sighed, tugging on the sun visor in front of her to check her reflection in the small mirror. She wiped the smudged make-up under her eyes and wiped most of the powder covering her face away. "You would either be dead or flesh-hungry dead." He speeded up a bit which made her look at the empty bottles all around in obvious distress, she checked that her seatbelt was working. He speeded up a bit more and she glared at him. "Afraid of speed?" he mocked. "Let me guess… You're one of those girls who always drives ten miles under the limit." She rolled her eyes but began pulling pins out of the tangle of hair piled on her head and he slowed down because it was distracting to see strand after strand escaping the bun and falling on her shoulders. "You said you wanted to go to D.C.?" "Yes?" She didn't look like she knew what she wanted to do. It was sad, Haymitch thought, because that girl wouldn't last long out there. She obviously wasn't cut out for that kind of situation. "My parents live in D.C. I should try to find them." "Are they old?" He shouldn't ask and he shouldn't care… He cursed himself for stopping the car in the first place. He should have driven around her and continued on his merry way. "Your parents?" "In their late fifties, why?" she frowned. It probably was an odd question to ask someone you just met. He ignored her. "One of them is in the military? Working for the government, that sort of things?" "No." she replied and he carefully kept his eyes on the road. Her parents were dead, then. Too old and not well enough connected. "If this is about your rebelling tendencies again…" "Washington is a huge city, sweetheart." he interrupted her. "My name is Effie and thank you I am well-learned in geography." she huffed, tousling the curls that were now freely falling on her shoulders. He showed his irritation by speeding up again. Perhaps he should let her go and not tell her. That would teach her… "The virus spreads faster in big cities." he said anyway. "They evacuate a few people and place them in quarantine but at some point they block all the roads to the city. Nobody in or out. That's what they did on the west coast." "That's impossible." she gasped. "They would have talked about it on T.V. I saw the news only yesterday morning and…" "Did they talk about zombies at all in the news?" he snorted. "They're trying to keep a hold on the whole thing, Princess. And they're failing. The whole country is infected." He switched the radio on. There was a screeching noise, he played around with the buttons a bit and a guy started talking quickly about how Sacramento was almost destroyed. He switched it off. "You want news, independent radios are the way to go." "My parents aren't dead." she snapped coldly. "Don't think I don't know what you're implying. I am not as stupid as you think. They aren't dead." She turned her head away to stare stubbornly at the landscape flashing by. "Whatever, sweetheart." He rolled his eyes. That was what you got for trying to help. He drank some vodka and decided to ignore her until he could finally drop her somewhere without any guilty thought. It was hard to say who was ignoring who, though, because she seemed damn set on pretending he didn't exist. "Los Angeles?" she asked, after nearly a full hour of silence. He almost didn't answer her. "It's District One." Some people had organized themselves by radio, they tried to warn people about where to go and not to go, even though it seemed as if there was nowhere left . They had divided the country in zones or districts. "Done for." Her shoulders sagged and she completely turned her back on him then, curling on the seat. Her despair was so crushing he couldn't help but feel a tinge of compassion for her. He extinguished that quickly. Tough world, they were living in. She wouldn't make it. No sense in feeling bad for her. He was just getting soppy because she was pretty and difficult, two things he had a soft spot for. The sooner he got rid of her, the better. That road seemed endless.