alive. When the Peacekeepers took you, I—" He stopped short when he saw the look on her face. "Autumn. What's wrong?" Autumn looked away. Then back at him. At last, she put a hand to her mouth and shook her head silently. "I'm sorry, Eldred," Silas answered. "By the time I found her, it was too late. They'd already…" "Made her an Avox." He clenched his fists. It wasn't fair. Autumn hadn't done anything. None of it had been her fault. But, before he could say anything else, she was at his side, shaking her head, a small pad of paper in her hand. Quickly, she scrawled four words. You saved my life. Eldred shook his head, tears in his eyes. If not for him, her life would never have been in danger. He opened his mouth to say so, but those weren't the words that came out. "I'm sorry," he whispered, and Autumn wrapped her arms around him. When she finally pulled away, she nodded and held out her pad, which held two more words. I know . How was he supposed to tell her? Eldred turned his photograph over in his hands. It was torn and crumpled, stained with blood and barely recognizable. The Peacekeepers had managed to retrieve it from what had remained of his clothes. But the man in the photograph – the man smiling happily with his wife, his children – that man was gone. Eldred could only hope that a better man had taken his place. Finally, summoning his courage, he tucked the photo back inside his pocket and knocked on the door. He hadn't told Millicent that he was back. He'd wanted to surprise her. Now he was wondering if that had been a mistake. Would she be upset that she hadn't heard from him in so long? It had been longer, after all, than he'd ever intended. Longer than he thought when he'd woken up in the Capitol. It had been months since then. He'd meant to come home sooner, but there had always been something – some reason he could find to avoid going home just yet. He wasn't fully healed. He didn't quite feel strong enough. But, finally, Silas had insisted that hit was time for him to go home. And Eldred was grateful for that, at least. Whatever awaited him once that door opened, at least he would find out soon, rather than worrying about it for another month or so. Just as he was beginning to wonder whether he should have called ahead – at least to find out whether or not she would be home – the door swung open. Millicent practically screamed as she threw her arms around him, calling to their children to come quickly. Soon, Eldred found himself engulfed in a pile of hugs. For a moment, none of it mattered. What he had gone through in District Six. The pain. The fear. For a moment, it was all over. "You're back," Millicent cried, tears streaming down her cheeks. "You're really back. You're alive. The president kept assuring us that you were, but I was beginning to think … I didn't know what to think. You never said how long you were going to be gone, and I—" "I know." Eldred held her close. "I know. I didn't know, either. But I'm back now. I'm here and I promise…" He squeezed her tightly, then each of his children in turn. "I promise I will never leave you like that again." And that was a promise he meant to keep. Whatever his duties as Vice President, he would never have to be away from his family for so long again. He would be able to see them whenever he wanted. They would never have to fear for his safety again. Maybe. That last part was a bit tenuous, of course. President Snow, after all, had died in office without any sort of prior warning. But Snow was different. Snow had made enemies – too many enemies. So many enemies that the authorities had never been able to figure out who was behind his assassination – whether it was one of his political rivals, some rebel plot, or simply a dissatisfied underling. He wouldn't make the same mistakes. President Silas Grisom He wouldn't make the same mistakes. Silas shook Eldred's hand warmly as the crowd applauded their new Vice President, then turned to Millicent and each of Eldred's children in turn, shaking their hands. A gesture of welcome. Of trust. That had been Snow's biggest mistake, in the end. He hadn't trusted anyone. And because of his own paranoia, he had never appointed a successor, and his death had left a vacancy until Silas had been called upon to pick up the pieces. He didn't intend to make the same mistake. And as he watched Eldred and his family give the cameras a big wave and a long bow, he knew he had made the right choice. It wasn't a choice that would please everyone, but, in the end, trying to please everyone was as big of a mistake as not caring about pleasing anyone . Eldred wasn't a politician. He wasn't a businessman or a tactician or a strategist. He would have to rely on others for that. But maybe, in the end, that was a strength. A man who knew his own limits was a man who would ask for help before things blew up in his face, not after. He would ask for advice, and, just as importantly, he would listen to the answer. A man like that, he could trust with anything. Even the future of Panem. "Life doesn't discriminate between the sinners and the saints. It takes and it takes and it takes and we keep living anyway. We rise and we fall and we break and we make our mistakes. And if there's a reason I'm still alive when so many have died, then I'm willing to wait for it."