professor paused, waiting for Katniss's hand to shoot up as it usually did whenever Freud came up, but nothing happened. Even Peeta craned his neck trying to find her in the front. For a moment, he thought she had left early. "Miss Everdeen?" Professor Abernathy said. "You don't have anything to add?" Katniss shook her head without looking up. The professor sighed. "Well, this class just got infinitely more boring." Laughter broke out among the students, and Professor Abernathy continued his lecture. On Wednesday, Peeta once again stuck to his seat in the back. He didn't see Katniss at all. She reappeared on Friday, but as soon as the professor dismissed class, she bolted up the stairs and out the door. Peeta didn't think it was possible to feel worse than he already did. He knew Katniss was trying to avoid seeing him, but this was excessive. He wasn't going to try to intercept her and make her talk. At least Thanksgiving break was coming up the week after next, and only a couple of weeks of the semester remained after that. Then, he would never have to see her again. Instead of bringing relief, the thought made his heart hurt. Swinging his messenger bag over his shoulder, he exited the classroom. And ran directly into Katniss. "Hey," she said. "Uh, hey." He rubbed the back of his neck, wondering if she was going to somehow make this his fault. He had kept to his side of the classroom, damn it! "I was waiting for you." His eyebrows shot up. "Yeah? Because I just watched you sprint out of the room." A blush heated her cheeks. "I just wanted to get to this side before you left." "Oh. So what's up?" "I, uh, have another English paper to write," she told the floor. "I was hoping you could help." While he wasn't expecting her to confess her love for him or anything, her request was still a bit of a letdown. She may have no longer been avoiding him, but that probably had more to do with her GPA than her feelings for him. "I don't work again until Tuesday," he said. "I thought maybe you could help me outside of work?" She finally met his eyes, but all he could think about was the way she looked underneath him, so he had to look away. He tried to imagine sitting beside her in the library, not being able to touch her or joke with her. The image made his stomach hurt. It wasn't that he couldn't be normal around her. He had meant it when he had said he wanted to be friends. But her cold dismissal was still echoing inside his head. She didn't want anything from him. "I don't know if that's a good idea." "Right." She didn't look particularly surprised by this answer, but she did appear disappointed. "I know you're mad at me, but-" "I'm not mad at you," he said. "The way I feel about you isn't your problem." "But what if I felt the same way?" "You don't." The words came out much faster and harsher than he intended, but it was his automatic response whenever he got lost in thought about her. It happened most often when he tossed and turned in bed, struggling to fall asleep. He'd return to that night, or worse, allow himself to dream up another night, another fantasy. She looked around at the passing students and took a step closer to him. "Can I walk with you?" "I'm done with classes for the day. I was just going to go back to my room." "Maybe we could go back to mine?" Her gray eyes were brighter than he remembered. They shone with longing and something else he couldn't identify. His hesitation was short-lived. He couldn't say no to her. Outside was cold and windy. It was easy not to speak as they walked toward her dorm with their heads ducked, but all too soon, she was unlocking the door to her empty suite and showing him into her bedroom. "Do you want to sit?" she asked, dumping her books onto her desk. She slipped off her coat and draped it on top. "I'm fine standing," he said. "Let me take your backpack." His jaw tightened, but he handed it over. "Your coat? It gets really warm in here." "Katniss…" Instead of heeding his tone, she unzipped his coat. When she tried to pull it off his shoulders, he caught her wrists. "What do you want?" he asked. "To apologize. To fix this." His expression softened, but he said nothing. "I've never had a boyfriend before. And I'm kind of terrified." He gave her a small smile. "Do you need some liquid courage?" "Not to talk to you. You make everything feel easy. And I want to try," she said. "With you." Hope unfurled in his chest, warm and fluttering. He tried to ignore it. "Can you be more specific?" She rolled her eyes and tried to tug her hands away. "Not this again." "I just think-" She cut him off with a kiss. "I want to go out with you," she said when she pulled away. "I want to be your girlfriend." He wanted to ask her if she was sure, if she could promise not to shut him out again when things got too hard or intense. The questions never left his mouth though. Of course she wasn't sure. Of course she'd blow him off again. She wasn't going to change overnight. He knew that if they tried, it wouldn't be easy. There were a lot of factors working against them: her fear, her inexperience, her best friend. And Peeta knew he brought his own baggage to relationships, issues from childhood that continued to affect him in unexpected ways. But he wanted this. Wanted her. "What about tonight? Can I take you out tonight?" he asked. "Yes," she said before kissing him again. "It's a date."