suits yanked him into the back of a van. He fought until one of them slammed his head into the side of the door. Dazed, he slumped to the floor and watched the blur of buildings and lights outside the window. Peeta resisted when they dragged him out of the van and toward the most notorious club in the city. Dozens of people waited in line to get inside. They witnessed Peeta's struggle, but they did nothing to stop it. The two men shoved Peeta into a backroom. The lights were bright, but it did little to improve upon the room's dark interior. All of the furniture was either black or dark brown. Mounted animal heads lined the walls, their frozen snarls directed at Peeta. Weapons covered the furthermost wall: guns and knives of varying sizes. Peeta stared at the light glinting off the blades to avoid looking at the other person in the room. A tall, dark-haired man with a long scar across his right cheek sat on top of a massive oak desk. As soon as the door shut behind Peeta, the man jumped to his feet, hand outstretched as if to introduce himself. But Peeta already knew who he was. Sure enough, he shook Peeta's hand and clapped him on the back. "Wow, you are not that impressive," the man said, taking a step back. He walked around Peeta, studying him. Peeta remained silent and still. He had seen images of Gale Hawthorne, or Thorne as the majority of the criminal underworld called him, on television and in newspapers. Thorne basically ran the city. He had the drugs, the weapons, the money, the men. He started out as an assassin-for-hire before quickly climbing the ranks of the criminal elite. "I don't get it." Thorne shook his head. "You're not even that tall." He stopped in front of Peeta. "Sit down." "I don't-" The two men from earlier appeared at Peeta's side and shoved him into a surprisingly plush armchair. Thorne dropped into a seat across from him. Dissatisfied, Thorne dragged the chair closer until their knees were practically touching. "So," Thorne began, resting his chin in his hand. "You're Katniss Everdeen's first love." Peeta dug his fingernails into his palms as he tried to keep a pained reaction off his face. According to Thorne's smile, he had failed to appear nonchalant. "Look, you can lie if you want, but it'd be much easier if we just skip all that bullshit," Thorne said. "She-" Thorne held up a hand to silence him. "Do you remember Madge Undersee? Lovely girl, bit of a drug problem though." Thorne tapped his nose and wiggled his eyebrows. "She was all too happy to tell me about your days of puppy love with my Katniss." This time, Peeta didn't bother trying to speak. It was clear Thorne had a script and was sticking to it. While Peeta couldn't do much to help himself, he worried about Katniss. Everyone knew the stories of Thorne's violence and mental instability. Would jealousy drive Thorne to hurt her? Fear hit his chest like a bullet, ricocheting through the rest of his body before he remembered that Katniss had been arrested. He'd seen it on the news. "Now, you know Katniss. Nothing rattles her. I guess after you slaughter a family of four, nothing really gets to you anymore." Peeta flinched at the mention of the Crane murders. For years he had clung to the hope that it was a mistake, that the police had blamed the wrong person, but it was the only killing they could officially pin on Katniss. Still though, he couldn't believe that the woman he had known, that little girl in overalls, could be capable of such a heinous crime. "Holy shit though, when I mentioned your name, she lost her fucking mind!" Thorne clapped his hands. For whatever reason, this confrontation seemed to bring him a lot of joy. "She wouldn't say a word about you. Just warned me to stay the fuck away." Thorne leaned forward, grabbed Peeta's knees, and squeezed. "But she's in jail now. Doesn't really have a say anymore, does she?" Peeta forced himself to swallow despite the dryness of his throat. "What do you want?" "You work at a prison." "Not hers." "Not yet." Thorne offered up an ugly smile. "You want me to help her escape." "Yes and no. We both know Katniss doesn't need any help escaping." When Peeta stayed quiet, Thorne rolled his eyes. "Don't pretend she didn't tell you. I know she did. I bet you're the only person she told. Besides me." Peeta stared at the wall of weapons. His silence was answer enough. "Transfer to her prison. Convince her to start a riot and help as many prisoners as possible escape. Tell me the day, and I'll be waiting." Peeta scoffed. "A riot? No way." He knew what kind of people were locked up in Panem Penitentiary. They were dangerous, violent, unstable. They felt no remorse. He would never help set those psychos on the loose. "I pay extremely well." Peeta's eyes slid from the weapons to Thorne's eyes. With a lot more courage than he felt, he said two words: "I won't." "Okay." Thorne shrugged and stood. "I mean, I can't make you, right? It's a choice. Everyone gets a choice." He grabbed a manila folder off his desk and turned back to face Peeta. "Hey, do your parents still own that bakery?" Everything inside Peeta stilled. Even his heart skipped a beat. "Your brother Tyler, he lives near them and helps out, right?" Thorne dropped the folder in Peeta's lap. "And Rye...he's married. Beautiful wife, couple of kids. He lives right outside the city." With mounting dread, Peeta opened the folder. Photographs of every member of his family, including his niece and nephew, were inside. Such innocuous looking pictures. They could have been candids taken by a friend. "Now, Peeta," Thorne said. "I trust you'll make the right decision."