he figured he would have a bad influence on her language so she could have a bit of well-spoken influence. "A ridiculously long name for such a tiny thing." The nurse smiled politely and started scribbling on her notepad. "Abernathy, not Trinket." Effie said suddenly. The nurse stopped writing with a frown and the kids looked at each other. Haymitch just froze. "Now it's even longer." "And more ridiculous." he added, his mouth felt parched. "Well, her father is a ridiculous man after all." Effie teased with a smile. "Less than her mother." he snorted, looking back at the baby and trying to rock her to sleep awkwardly. He was still half-convinced he was going to drop her accidentally. "Daddy never looked like a clown, did he, baby girl?" Katniss' snort wasn't appreciated and he made sure to glare at her to make her aware of that but he couldn't really take his eyes away from the baby for very long. "So, will it be Trinket or Abernathy?" the nurse asked, confused. He glanced at Effie, her blue eyes were watching him without judgment or expectation. "Your choice." she said. "It's just a name, that doesn't change anything." But it did. It was a claim. And just to think he had been commitment-phobic up to that point. "Abernathy." he told the nurse and then he cleared his throat to get rid of the ridiculous lump in his throat. The nurse nodded and slipped out of the room quietly. "You do realize that it's weird for a kid not to have the same name as his mother, right?" "Well, then, run after the nurse and tell her you changed your mind." Effie shrugged, holding out her arms for her daughter. He delayed answering because he really didn't want to drop Oria and he wasn't sure he had the hang of handling her over yet. "That's not what I had in mind." He didn't look at her. He wished the kids would take a hint and get the bloody hell out but they seemed damn set on witnessing the whole thing. Peeta got it, he knew, the boy was grinning like a fool. Katniss' eyes were slowly getting as wide as saucers. "I don't understand, Haymitch." Effie said, distracted by the drooling baby on her chest. "Could you hand me a cloth over, please?" He rummaged around one of the two heavy bags they had brought with them when she had started having contractions. He didn't know why they needed so much stuff when they were in a hospital that probably had enough of the same things to spare but… as Effie had taken great pleasure in pointing out, he knew nothing about babies. Not entirely true. He knew his daughter was the cutest baby to ever live. "I'm saying you should have the same name as we do." he sighed, finally finding the soft clothes she had bought just to wipe out drool – because apparently it needed to be soft and a lot of other things. "I'm saying we should have a toasting, sweetheart." "So, so romantic." Katniss cackled, unable to hide her amusement any longer. She buried her face in Peeta's shoulder who put a arm around hers and patted her back to calm her laughter. Effie looked confused by Katniss' hilarity. "A toasting?" "Yeah." Haymitch shrugged, getting more and more sullen by the second. "We could. If you want to." She frowned and looked at Peeta, admittedly the only one in the room who wasn't either laughing or sulking. "I don't know what that means." "He's asking you to marry him." Peeta smiled. "And not doing a very good job of it." "Boy, when I need advice from…" he started. "Oh." Effie said and he turned around to face her, forgetting to be angry with Peeta. "Oh?" he repeated. "You just gave my name to your child, I ask you to marry me and all you have to say is oh ?" "Figure they would fight over this." Katniss snickered in Peeta's shoulder. They mutually decided to ignore the kids. "Actually, you haven't asked me anything." Effie pointed out, carefully placing a hand on the baby's stomach. Oria was clad in an awful pink romper suit. "She looks like a raw piece of salmon." he said out of the blue. "Where is the yellow one? I like the yellow one." He had made sure she'd put it in the bag when she was packing. The yellow one had birds on it and it was a lot less silly than that pink thing. "She does not look like a raw piece of salmon." Effie snapped. "Now if you're done insulting our daughter, are you going to ask me to marry you or not?" "Well, I don't know, sweetheart, are you going to let me talk?" he sneered right back. "I'm letting you talk right now and you're not saying anything worth my time." She rolled her eyes. "As usual." "Great." he snorted. "Good thing I haven't asked you to marry me yet, is it?" "Guys…" Peeta cut in. "Stay out of this, boy." Haymitch grunted. "This is between Effie Not -Abernathy and me." Effie's mouth twitched and Haymitch forgot why he was angry. "Effie Not-Abernathy would love to become Effie Abernathy if only Haymitch Abernathy would ask properly." "Are you going to marry me or not, sweetheart?" He lowered his voice a bit, but just because Oria was starting to stir and he didn't want her to wake up to loud shouts. "Why, despite the fact that this is probably the worst proposal I've ever heard, I believe I am." Effie grinned and pulled on his shirt so he would bent down and kiss her. "You're lucky I love you." she whispered low enough so the kid wouldn't hear. "Yeah." he breathed out, kissing her again and brushing a finger against Oria's tiny hand. "I really am." AN: You can find more Oria in the "Living the Odds" collection!