from outside and that was making my mouth water. "Thanks, I thought I would challenge myself tonight with something I have never tried before. Hopefully its taste lives up to the smell." He said before moving a large tray from the oven. He loaded up a serving plate with baked potatoes, pumpkin, carrot and onion and brought it over to sit on the table. He then went to serve a large quantity of lamb onto a second plate and brought it over to the table. "Well go ahead." He told me as he sat down across the table from me. "This looks amazing Peeta." I complemented him. "But how are we going to eat all this?" I asked, laughing incredulously. "I was planning on sending you home with leftovers and I was going to take some over to Haymitch." There he was again, the ever thoughtful Peeta. It made me blush thinking of my own immeasurable amount of selfishness, especially in comparison to Peeta. We ate the delicious meal in relative silence for a while before Peeta broke it. "So what brought you out today?" He asked, his blue orbs catching my eyes. "Oh … I …. Um." I stuttered. It wasn't as thought I could say 'Well I finally decided to stop being a baby and admit my feelings for you.' I looked away from him for a second before glancing back and blushing. "Well I figured it's time to stop hiding away. I suppose I spent months questioning the universe why it would take away so many great people and leave me behind. I guess I am just starting to realize I will never have the answers to that. The fact of the matter is, for what ever reason, I did survive all the crap that went on and it is pretty insulting to all of those who didn't for me to just waste away inside. I guess I need to begin living my life." I said feeling my cheeks burn crimson. I wasn't anticipating being so up front and honest. Peeta nodded at my words, staring into his food as though maybe it may have some answers for us both. "Do you still have nightmares?" I asked him, the question leaving my lips before I could think twice about it. Peeta seemed a little taken aback but composed himself quickly. "I don't sleep a lot. I mean it's as thought my body is on high alert so even when I do sleep it is that half sleeping half awake. Like my eyes are resting but my body is alert." He said. I felt like he was darting around the question, as though his pride was getting the best of him and refused to allow him to admit that in his hours of sleep the fear got the better of him. "So you haven't properly slept in months? What do you do instead?" I asked him, knowing I wasn't being subtle in the slightest with my obvious questioning. "Usually I will paint. I guess I think if I can get the images down on paper or canvas maybe it will release them somehow they won't come back to haunt me later." I realized with those words the images that he had been painting, images of the games and the war. I nodded slowly before whispering. "Does it work?" I watched as Peeta looked up at me sadly before shaking his head no. With his confession it dawned on me that while what Haymitch said may have been right, that we were all just searching for what got us through, it didn't necessarily mean it was working. I was proof in myself, my reclusive behavior hadn't erased the bad memories or the horrific nightmares it only left me to deal with it all alone. I decided now was time to change the subject. "I really appreciate the bread and things you left for me, especially the cheese buns." I said, smiling slightly. "Oh… Yeah, no problem." Peeta said, color rushing to his cheeks. "I just wanted to make sure you were getting some kind of food in there. Sae said you were eating." It was my turn to blush at the idea that Peeta had been that concerned with my well being, then the comprehension at my own selfishness in not having seen or spoken to him in months. "I am sorry that I hid away for so long." I told him, staring down at my hands. "I just didn't know how to face anyone, especially you." "I understand Katniss, I am the last person who needs or wants your apologies or your justifications." He said gently. "I am glad you have come out now though." "Yeah I guess the hermit lifestyle was getting a little old. I needed …" I trailed off suddenly realizing I was about to say 'I needed you'. My cheeks turned crimson for possibly the four hundredth time that night. "I needed to get a life. I was just getting to the point where I thought sitting here is killing me and I was trying so hard to just ignore the world, thinking if it disappeared then so would the memories and the nightmares and deep down I know this never works but I was just so caught up in … Well so caught up in myself, honestly. I just need to learn to live again. Then today I seen Haymitch and I walked into town and I seen everything rebuilding. I seen you and I just felt so selfish." I said, again revealing much more then I intended. Peeta reached over the table and took hold of my hand, thankful that he didn't have super human hearing or he would very well have heard my heart about to beat right out of my chest. "You're not selfish Katniss, you are grieving and we all grieve differently. Every one is repairing from this war in our own way. Can I show you something?" OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo