back into the arena is the nightmare of every victor but, deep down, it's also everything they crave. It changes you, the arena. You're a kid when you go in, and you're a monster when you come out; there's only two choices after that, either you reign in the beast and you become something wrecked and incomplete or you don't and you embrace the violence and the blood thirst. This is the difference between a winner and a survivor. The winner wants to go back to kill some more, the survivor doesn't want to go back because he's afraid this time he won't be able to do it. It's the ultimate redemption. "But I don't exactly have a life to lose, you see?" There's nothing in his future except alcohol poisoning and maybe, if he's lucky, a few possibilities to make Effie Trinket go mad. He does love it when she's too angry for words and hovers over him, speechless. Usually she gives as good as she gets, but in those too rare instances, she's all flushed and fiery and she looks so fierce he wants nothing more than to… Those are treacherous thoughts he doesn't like to dwell on. "It seems to me, your best bet would be to send me back with her and hope she makes it." "It would be, if I trusted you." he shots back. Haymitch is hurt but doesn't let it show, he snorts a little and finally reaches for the bottle. There's a tremor in his hand, they both pretend they don't notice it. "And here I thought we were all good friends." He tries not to sound too bitter because the boy is right of course. He's finally learning. "There are no friends in the Games, only allies, and those have a time stamp on them." He's not used to hear Peeta speak in that sarcastic tone and he's not sure he likes it. It doesn't suit the boy. "Katniss is a winner. Once she's in the arena she will fight to the death to come back to her family, that's why she has a chance. I knew that last year and you knew it too." Haymitch doesn't try to explain the difference between winners and survivors, Peeta wouldn't understand. He's something else entirely. Katniss dragged him back but without her… "You're like her." The boy says, then, and he's not sure if it's a compliment or an accusation. "You won't be able to stop when you're back in there. You will try to win and you will end up against her at some point. I won't." It was a sound point and once the idea is lodged in his brain he can't wipe it away. He imagine his hands around Katniss' throat and the pleas he doesn't want to hear. Her nails scratch his arms, his wrists, she opens her mouth, but he squeezes and he squeezes and her eyes go glassy and, just like that, she stops breathing. It's so vivid his hands begin to shake, the bottle rattles against the table and he brings it to his lips and swallows another mouthful to still his nerves. "Tell you what, boy." He hopes Peeta understands he doesn't want to talk anymore. He just wants to drink and drink and forget until Katniss finally comes out of her hiding place and begins the conversation all over again. "Let's see how the reaping goes." "I want your word. I want your word you won't volunteer for me." What a strange world they live in… Ask him for his word to not try and take his place in the arena… What is his word worth anyway? He just wants this conversation to be over. "Yes." he sighs. "Yes." It doesn't mean he won't though… He's not sure. Katniss will ask him, he knows that. He has always put Katniss first, Peeta's right. She's his favorite. It all depends on which name Effie draws out first… Oh, god, Effie . Effie will be the one to officially send them back. "Thank you." Peeta breathes out and, all of a sudden, he looks small and frightened once again. "I should try to call Effie, see if she can send us the recordings of the other Games… We should be prepared." The boy stands up and starts to walk away but he stops at the entrance to the kitchen and Haymitch wishes he was gone already. He wants to drink in peace. He wants to forget and it's harder and harder to get drunk, these days. "You're going to be alright, aren't you?" Peeta seems unsure. "I can leave you alone, you won't do… You won't do anything rash?" What does he think he will do? Off himself? He could. It would be the best way to tell the Capitol to go screw itself, but he won't. Of course, he won't. "Tell Effie…" he starts, but he can't finish. He doesn't know what he wants Peeta to say to her. He wants to hear her voice, maybe, to hear her say to stop being ridiculous. He could phone her himself, but he won't. They only fight and pretend to dislike each other, they don't do phone calls. They don't do comfort. Not in that way. She's not that kind of friend. "Nothing. Make sure she's alright." He knows her. She couldn't have taken the news better than he did. She loves them all in her Capitol way. The idea of the kids going back together in the arena will wound her. He wishes he could have prevented that. "I will." the boys swears and he's out. By the time Katniss finally shows her face, Haymitch is drunk as a skunk and he's trying very hard not to be jealous that they're so desperate to sacrifice themselves for the other. Nobody cares if he lives or dies. Nobody would ever volunteer to take his place because they love him. Nobody would do anything so rash for him.