to shake things up," he said. The first week of August, right after summer school finished, Peeta simultaneously received some of the worst news of his life and came down with the flu. (He blamed Glimmer—not for the news but for the flu—the girl who always sat in the front row, smiling at him, or leaning over his desk, giving him an ample view of her so-not-legal chest. She had been achy and tired the last couple of days. And she had hugged him goodbye.) It wiped him out. For two days, he remained in bed, getting up only to use the bathroom and heat up a bowl of soup. He subsisted on broth and crackers and was absolutely miserable. On the third day, as he began to feel somewhat better, a phone call woke him at six AM. He sat up in bed way too fast, the dizziness giving way to an awful pounding in his head. He fumbled for his cell phone, and answered without checking the number. "Hello?" "Peeta?" It took him a minute to place the voice. She sounded different on the phone. "Katniss?" He pushed himself out of bed, slowly this time. "Are you okay? Do you need a ride?" "No, I'm fine. I was just…worried." "Worried?" "You haven't been here in three days, and I was just…concerned." "I'm sorry. I'm sick. I've been in bed for the past few days." He sunk back into the mattress, curled up around his cell phone. "I didn't mean to make you worry." "It's okay. It's not like you have to come in or anything. I just…got used to it, I guess. Are you feeling better?" "I'm getting there. I'll probably be in this weekend." "Okay," she said. Was it his imagination or did she sound disappointed? "Take your time. You have school starting soon." Right. The school year. The school year during which he had no job lined up. He had been up against two other people for a permanent position as an English teacher, but he hadn't gotten it. That had been the great news he received the last day of summer school. He had applied for several other positions nearby just in case this happened, but so far he hadn't heard anything. If he didn't get something soon, he was afraid he'd have to move back to Connecticut and abandon his dream of being a teacher. He had no doubt his mother would force him into law school. And worse than returning to his childhood home, his mother's "I told you so's" following him like a shadow, was the idea of leaving Katniss behind. "Peeta?" "Sorry. Drugs are making me space out. I'll see you soon, okay?" "Sure. Feel better." Later that afternoon, his phone woke him again. This time, it was a text message from Katniss asking for his address. Without thinking much of it, he gave it to her before falling back asleep. He wasn't sure how much time passed between the text message and the knock on his door, but it felt like seconds. He dragged himself out of bed, his comforter wrapped around him, and opened the door. Katniss stood there, dressed in denim shorts and a green tank top. She carried a bag of groceries. "You look awful," she greeted him. "I'm not wearing a shirt," he said. "Or pants." "I can see that. You can get dressed if that'll make you more comfortable." He blinked. The drugs were making him groggy. Also, he was possibly hallucinating. "Can I come in?" she asked. "Sure." He stepped out of the way and shut the door behind her. She walked right into his kitchen as if she had been there a million times before. She set the groceries on the counter, checked the refrigerator, and clucked her tongue. "Just as I suspected. Not much food." She looked over at him where he still lingered near the closed door. "Peeta, sit down. You look ready to pass out." She put a hand on either side of him, her hands sinking into the comforter, and led him to the couch. She stood over him and smiled. "So what do you want? Omelets or pancakes?" "Uh…" "Say pancakes. I'm in the mood." "Pancakes," Peeta said immediately. "That sounds perfect." After lunch, she made him wait on the couch while she changed his sheets. She brought the linens and the comforter he wrapped himself in down to the basement to wash. When she came back up, she found him in bed wearing pajama pants, covered in a throw blanket. "Can I?" she asked, lifting the edge of the blanket. He nodded and she slipped underneath. "Feeling better?" "Yes and no," he answered. "I think…I think I'm going to be moving soon." "Bigger place?" she asked, looking hopeful. "Something like that." She sat up, letting the blanket slip down her body. "You didn't get the job." "No." "Have you tried anywhere else nearby?" "I've tried everywhere in a twenty mile radius," he said. "The odds just aren't in my favor." "So you're going back to Connecticut?" she asked. He groaned and pulled the covers over his head. "Yes," he said. Gently, she picked up the blanket, so she could see his face. She didn't ask, what happens now? She didn't ask, what does this mean for us? Because she already knew. He could tell from her expression. "Maybe you'll find something there. Something that'll make you happy." He reached up to touch her face, thinking of what awaited him: an overbearing mother, a parade of girls for him to choose from, law school. But those weren't the reasons his chest hurt. Those weren't why he said, "No, I don't think so." She lay back down beside him. Eventually, they fell asleep, Katniss's head resting against his chest, his arm curled protectively over her. As the hours passed, they parted in their sleep, as if the distance was already growing between them. As if he was already gone.