back to Victor's Village, kicking through the thin layer of coal dust that coast the District as I make my way from seam into town and before I notice my feet have led me to the one place I don't want to be. The bakery. It's already closed, locked up tight and empty my mind wanders to Peeta and I think this must be what his house looks like and not the above apartment that looks full of life. His family choose not to move in with him, so he like Haymitch was left alone to deal with the horrors. Though Haymitch is slightly better off with his way of cooping. Peeta has no one, nothing to help him and I know then and there that Haymitch and Prim, in a way are both right. We can't continue on like this, ignore each other and pretending the other doesn't exist because only together will we be able to survive the Capitol. As I enter Victor's Village, the sunlight having dropped below the horizon, knowing Prim will be worried I push all the fear I have down deep and cross over the other side of the Village to Peeta's house. When looking at it it seems impossible more daunting than the rest, even Haymitch's house carrys more light than the small flicker that comes from the main room of Peeta's house. Raising up the marble steps, each one feeling colder than the last I stop in-front of the large blue door and before my mind can think of a thousand ways to stop me I knock. It only takes seconds for him to answer the door but it feels like hours when he finally does and I'm there shocked to the core at the sight in-front of me. Peeta stands there completely silhouetted against the pitch black backdrop of his dark house. Only his bright blue eye's shine in the darkness. "Katniss..." a statement and question rolled into one, his eye's shine the surprise he feels about me showing up. "Hi..." the lamest response to anyone ever but it's all I can come up with. Especially when it concerns the boy... the man whose heart I broke because calling Peeta anything but a man after everything we've gone through would be a slap to the face. "Umm... if you're looking for Haymitch he's in town, at some card game with the local friendly peacekeepers." of course he wouldn't think I came here to see him, he thinks that I'm only here to try to find Haymitch and me being me does the only thing I can think of... I lie. "I know, I passed him on the way in... he... em... he wanted me to check in on you." I lie straight to his face, knowing that there was no way I would be able to admit that it was me worrying about Peeta. "I'm fine." sort and quip he eye's disappear as he turns to leave. "Wait!... please... turn a light on so I can see... the steps might be slippery." he lets out a large sigh, both knowing that the steps are bone dry and that I'm making use of the worst excuses ever but never the less he turns the porch light on and I get my first real look at him since the day on the train platform when we left each other. His hair is messy and the large bags underneath his eye's tell me that just like me he sleeps very little if any. "There... I'm fine Katniss and you should be able to see know and tell Haymitch to stop acting like my father. He isn't... now if that's all I need to get back, it's late and I have work that needs doing before tomorrow. Goodnight Katniss." I hate hit, the cold, dryness of his voice devoid of all emotion. This is the first time Peeta has ever been callous to me and I hate it, I hate knowing that I'm the sole cause of this new attitude. "Peeta!" I cry before pushing against the hardwood door, forcing him to reopen it and look at me. As much as I want to run I need to sort this, to get us on speaking terms because we need to survive Snow and the Capitol. "i needed time... time to think..." "About?" "Us... the games... and what I want... about what it meant." this isn't a lie, there hasn't been a single day where those thoughts haven't crept into my mind and plagued me. I think about it all, from Cinna to rue settled in a bed of flowers, glimmer and the trackerjackers, Cato, the mutts chasing us and Peeta, always Peeta. They occupy my dreams, haunt my dreams and most if not every night I awake screaming and terrified that I'm still trapped in the arena. I think that Peeta does as well. "And..." "I miss you... I miss the friend I made... I want to try to be your friend..." I whisper looking at him, pleading with my eye's. It's strange knowing something but not believing it, a feeling I can't quite describe. I betrayed Peeta, the trust we built together through the Games was destroyed the moment I lied to him in the Games... it just took a while for it to catch up. That's why I know his answer before he says it but it doesn't hurt any less. "... No..." With one word Prim's premonition comes full circle and the tears fall as his door thuds shut and the light switches off leaving me alone, scared and in the dark. The flames that were created dying with Peeta's answer. A/N; I've had this idea for a while and wanted to see what people think about it. Any constructive criticism about how I could improve would be great and I really hope you like this. Chapter 2 is already under works and I'm hoping to post it Saturday... so see ya;-)