"They can't, sweetheart." he whispered. "I'm so sorry but they can't." Her legs wriggled harder, hitting him in the chest. He wrapped his hands around her calves to put an end to that. "It's going to be okay, Katniss. I know you don't believe me but I'll make it okay. I'll try." That wasn't a promise he had intended to make. He never made promises he wasn't sure he could fulfill. But what else could he say to the kid? That she would suffer forever and that even if he only had the best intentions he would inevitably fuck up? "But what happens if I get a boo boo and Mommy isn't here to fix it?" she muttered. "I will fix it." he shrugged. "And what happens if you leave too and never come back?" she insisted. "I won't leave." he replied. And he guessed that was it for his slow descent into alcoholism. No more booze. He would have to find other ways to cope. He kept expecting her to burst into tears but she was made of stronger stuff than that. She nodded, not quite believing him he suspected, and hopped down from the table before declaring she would wait with him on the couch and fall asleep there while he watched TV and he could carry her to bed afterwards like her Daddy did. Haymitch wasn't really a great TV watcher but the compromise seemed a good one so he followed her plan, still waiting for the other shoe to drop. The other shoe dropped the next morning. It didn't start in the best way. She stumbled in the kitchen, rubbing her eyes, clutching her Mockingjay in one hand and her hairbrush in the other, while he was trying to cook eggs for breakfast. There was a fine line between crisped and burnt and he was on the charred side of it. She made a face when he dropped the eggs on her plate and demanded her cereals. He didn't have any cereals in the house. He added grocery shopping to the list of things to do. She was grumpy after that and waved the hairbrush at him, clearly expecting him to do something about her tangled hair. Maybe they should have untied the ponytail before she went to bed because it had come half undone and it was a mess of strands coiled around the hair tie. He did his best but her repeated affirmations that "Mommy never does it like that" weren't helping. By the time he managed to get the hair tie out of her hair, she wasn't just grumpy, she was sulking. It only grew worse when he tried to actually brush her hair. She didn't say anything but he knew he must have been hurting her. "Braid." she requested. "Do I look like I know how to braid hair?" he scowled. She gave him a glance over her shoulder that told him she thought he didn't look like he could do anything – and certainly not braids or eggs. And the fucking cat kept mewling despite the fact that Haymitch had already given him some scraps of bacon and a bowl of water. "Are you ever going to shut up ?" he snapped at the animal who hissed back at him. "What kind of food did you give him before?" Adopting a cat had been even lower on his list of things to do than adopting a niece. It wasn't that he didn't like cats but that one ? That one was the devil in disguise. He had tried to claw him twice already. "He doesn't want food he wants Prim!" Katniss shouted back. The cat had jumped on the table, trying to investigate what was in the plates and she pushed him away with all her strength only managing to get her hand scratched in the process. "She's dead, you stupid cat!" For a second, time seemed to freeze. But that word, out of her own mouth, so big for someone so small, seemed to be her undoing. The tears he had dreaded all afternoon the previous day were there now. She was sobbing and screaming and she struggled when he picked her up – what else could he do but pick her up? – but then she wrapped her arms around his neck and she cried and cried ... He tried to rock her, to walk around and make soothing sounds but he knew, deep down, there was nothing he could do to assuage her grief. He was painfully acquainted with that particular sorrow. She made herself sick and it only made her cry harder. Haymitch was completely at a loss but he did what he could until she eventually fell asleep out of sheer exhaustion. She didn't mention anything when she woke up but she became clingy, following him everywhere around the house. The geese seemed to take her mind away from everything for a while. She said they were ugly but she liked birds, she was delighted to learn those ones had teeth and she even played at hunting them for a while, hiding behind rocks and piles of wood to jump on an unsuspecting bird. He hovered a little at first, worried she would get herself bitten, but she was swift on her feet and very good at running away from the geese before they became aggressive. The gaggle accepted that new game with the stoicism of a flock of birds used to being hunted by foxes and the occasional wild cat. In comparison, the little human was certainly not as bad. Watching her play in the yard gave Haymitch hope. It was bad for now but maybe... Katniss was strong . She would make it through this and, hopefully, things would get better. The both of them had a whole life ahead to learn how to get better. Did you like it? Next week familiar faces will pop up ;) Let me know what you think!