piece of shit. I didn´t argue, because in general he was right. I saw the smoke from a camfire at first. We argue a bit if the Three boy goes with us or not, but then we all went there. I thought nobody who made it so far would ever make such a huge campfire, but I ignore it. It couldn´t be a trap, because there was four from nine of us going to check it and we were the careers. I knew, I was a broken, useless career, Three wasn´t even a career – he wasn´t able to use any weapon – and Clove had got some really bad tracker jacker stings and they must have hurt so much, I didn´t have so many of them and I still didn´t feel good. She would never admit it hurt her or made her any problems, but sometimes I caught a glimpse of her warping face in pain. I thought Cato knew it too, but he didn´t talk about it, she would never admit it and it would only anger her. But he seemed worried. I realized it really was a trap when I saw the little girl from Eleven almost fly in the branches near the fire. I didn´ know what was actually going on but I didn´t suppose we were gonna to find anybody by the flame. It showed that I was right, it was just a big fire made of green branches. The district three boy actually wasn´t smart enough to be silent – I think he spent too much time with electronics instead of people that he didn´t have any social intelligence. „But… the flames… somebody had to start this fire…" He said in disbelief as if he wasn´t able to understand why somebody would have done this. He was so stupid. „You´re so clever boy," Clove hissed at him. „Yeah, absolutely genius," Cato add and frowned, „So as Cleverboy – I just named you like that, I don´t remember your name anyway – said, somebody had to start this fire. And that somebody is not here. So it can mean two things. First: Somebody who was so stupid to make a fire just started this huge bonfire and went away, probably to pee or something like that. Or second, somebody wanted us to go there and this is the real reason why is this stuff so fucking smoky. Can anybody tell me what is more probable?" He frowned badly at me and Three, as if it was me who said that stupid thing too. Not at Clove, of course. She´s the Miss Flawless. „Can I, can I, please?" Clove´s voice was sweet, but I know it was a mask. She was as angry as him, maybe even more. „Sure, Clove, don´t be affraid." He smiled as convincingly as her. I saw the three boy staring at them with such a confused face that it almost made me laugh. Almost. If there weren´t Cato´s and Clove´s. „Well I think we should return to the lake immediately, ´cause someone is playing some stupid game with us." Clove gave up all the pretending and said it so agresively I was really afraid. „I´m afraid it´s too late," Cato didn´t wait for us to follow him and just went back to the lake. We were almost there when a huge explosion echoed and overwhelmed me for some time. I fell on the ground and felt I was deaf for a while. We came to the place where our camp had been. But it wasn´t anymore. It was all gone, everything burnt. Every bit of it had been blown up. I could hardly remember what happened afterwards, because it was so quick. Cato came to the Three and broke his neck in a while. Simply. Effectively. I remembered my eyes widened as I watched him, because I knew I was next if I didn´t run away really soon. Clove did a small move towards Cato as if to calm him down, but she stopped her hand few inches from his shoulder. She turned her head in my direction and smirked. I knew I had to run as fast as I could to save my life. I turned around and began to run. I didn´t glance back, I just ran into the forest, as deep as it was possible. I could hear Clove´s laugh. Her real laugh. I´ve heard her laughing few times, but it had never been her. Now all the insanity could be heard in her voice, she laughed as a completely crazy person, as somebody mentally ill. It frightened me more than anything. I didn´t want to see her anymore, I didn´t want to meet them. They were so vicious, so lethal and so mad. I found some net. I didn´t know what it was doing here, I just setted it as a trap and waited. It didn´t take much time and that little girl – Rue – caught to it. I couldn´t believe it. Her, so smart, already not hurt and even seen, didn´t see my stupid trap. I erased everything that happened then from my mind. I didn´t know what I was doing and I don´t have any excuse for what came out in my mind. I was just so scared of Clove´s laugh, that I tried to kill everything what was moving. I knew that if I saw some Clove´s move, I would be most probably dead before I could even think about it, but I didn´t care. I just threw the spear. I saw the arrow approaching me and I knew this was it. The moment I die. It scared me how little interested I was. I just think at least it´s not Clove or Cato. It won´t hurt much. It will hurt just a little. Just for little while. When I saw Firegirl with that bow I knew she was able to use it. I knew she shot straight. Good. It would be easy.