latest project." Katniss sighed. "And it's a pain . Noise day and night, better get used to it." "Sorry about the state of the house." Peeta apologized, pushing the front door open and carrying her case inside. "We did what we could but it was short-noticed. I made sure the guestroom was clean." On her way upstairs, Effie barely glimpsed more than the hall and the living-room and, yet, she wondered if it was a house or a dumpster. Bottles on every available surface, trash on the floor, a heavy coat of dust on every piece of furniture… Katniss looked unapologetic as she led her to the guestroom. It was slightly less dirty than the rest of the house, Effie admitted. Peeta left her suitcase next to the bed and wiped his hands on his pants. "Bathroom is on the other side of the corridor." he told her. "It shouldn't be too bad, Haymitch usually uses the one en-suited in the master bedroom. I can try to clean it a bit if you…" "No, no, don't trouble yourself on my account." she rushed to reassure him. "You did more than enough, I assure you." "You should rest." Katniss abruptly declared. "We will see you later." The young woman didn't leave Peeta much choice but to follow as she grabbed his arm and dragged him out of the room. "And don't worry! You're safe here!" the boy added before disappearing down the stairs. It was just as well, she thought, as she heard the turbulent young people slamming the door on their way out. She was… overwhelmed . Nothing was familiar in the room. The hazy idea that she had been in the Village before had completely disappeared before she could put her finger on the memory. She was in a strange place, alone, and she was a foreigner to her own self. She was allowed to be overwhelmed, she told herself, and yet dwelling on it wouldn't help. She took a deep breath before the tears could start falling freely down her cheeks, and explored her new surroundings. The bedroom was cleaner than the rest of the house but not by much. The dusting was very superficial and hasty. There was next to none decoration or personal touch : a double bed with a pale blue cover, two nightstands, a dark wood dresser facing the bed and a wardrobe against the wall, not far from the door. On the opposite wall there was a window. She caught her reflection in the golden-framed mirror hanging over the dresser and she sighed in dismay at her own appearance. She supposed she ought to change the dressing on her wound, the doctor had warned her about keeping the stitches clean. She wondered if it would leave a scar. It certainly wouldn't be the first, there were scars all over her body. She wasn't sure she minded terribly not remembering how she had gotten them in the first place. She made her way to the window and opened it with some difficulties. There were no blinds, she would need curtains… She passed her head through the open window, trying to get a sense of her surroundings. The geese were still honking on the other side of the house, out of sight, and the streets of the Village looked deserted. "Not sure leaning out of a window when you have a concussion is really safe, sweetheart." She knocked her head on the upper side of the window. " Ouch ." She rubbed her pounding head and glared at him. "You scared me." "Maybe being hit by a car did knock some sense into you then." Haymitch chuckled. There was no real amusement in his voice though and the way he was looking at her was more worried than mocking. It was such a discrepancy with the way he had treated her ever since she had gotten off that hovercraft… "We must be very close friends for you to host me at such a short notice and in such circumstances but your behavior…" she frowned. He remained silent for a while, staring at her with such intensity she was starting to feel ill-at-ease. "You weren't very impressed with me last time we talked." he said at last. "You kicked me out the door." "Why?" she asked. She certainly must have had a reason. She didn't feel like an irrational person, she thought she must be a very sensible one. "Long story, sweetheart." he smirked. There was an edge to it, something bitter in the corner of his mouth, that convinced her that particular explanation could wait. "Do I usually allow you to call me pet names?" She folded her arms over her chest, confident she didn't. He leaned against the doorframe, folding his arms too. "Yes." "Liar." she accused. "How would you know?" he challenged. "I do." she retorted. They stared at each other for a few seconds until Effie couldn't quite take it anymore and opened her suitcase, intending to put her things away. The project was short-lived, however – when she opened the drawers, dust rose in clouds, making her cough. She closed it again very quickly. "To the risk of being rude…" She cleared her throat, not without sarcasm. "Would you mind if I did some cleaning while I am here?" His laugh was rough. He looked surprised at himself, as if he had forgotten he could laugh. "Not here for five minutes, you already want to take over the house and boss me around." he scoffed. "You're sure you lost your memories?" "I lost my memories, not my personality." she snapped back. "And I will not live in a pigsty. I don't think you should either. I'm doing you a favor." "Whatever, Princess." he shrugged. "Just don't touch my booze." Booze . She wrinkled her nose in distaste. It didn't bear well. Loved it ? Hated it ? Please drop me a comment to let me know ! Feedbacks make my day.