thing, but not worrying about looking like a fool in front of another person was something else entirely. He was comfortable with her. He wanted to make her breakfast and serve it in bed. He wanted a quiet morning of her voice in his ear, her head on his chest. Peeta grabbed her hands. "Hey," he said. "I had fun last night." "Me too." But she still wouldn't meet his eyes. She sidestepped him, and he let her hands fall from his. "I really have to go though. Um, Merry Christmas." She scooped up her sweater and coat and was out the door before he could respond. He sighed. As predicted, today was well on its way to sucking, and tonight would only be worse. Because it was Christmas Eve. And that meant going home. () Peeta adjusted his tie even though it was mostly hidden underneath his sweater. It was way too hot in the house, especially with the fire going, but his mother had to have her picture perfect Christmas, and that included her three sons dressed to her exact specifications. After spending his entire childhood trying and failing to please his mother, Peeta no longer put in much effort, but wearing a tie on Christmas Eve was preferable to the fight not wearing one would start. And no matter how small the argument began, his mother always managed to blow it up until she had used every synonym imaginable for the words "disappointment" and "failure," which was why Peeta rarely visited despite living only twenty minutes away. His older brother Tyler was in the kitchen helping his mother prepare dinner. While Peeta couldn't make out what they were saying, he could hear the soft tone of his mother's voice. Tyler's wife Emily was upstairs breastfeeding their six-month-old daughter, Hannah, and when she eventually reappeared, Peeta's mother would transform into someone else. Someone maternal and warm. Someone Peeta didn't recognize. Peeta fiddled with his phone, ignoring the Hallmark Christmas movie on television. It had something to do with firemen and cats and would likely end with the two main characters making out and wishing each other a Merry Christmas. Picture perfect bullshit ending. Peeta's phone buzzed. Finnick (4:07pm): So…did u have a good night? Peeta (4:07pm): No. Katniss's silver chain was burning a hole in his pocket. He had been surprised she had left it behind considering how important it seemed to he. He didn't know why he brought it with him tonight. As soon as he had picked it up in the daylight, he realized it was a locket, but he hadn't looked inside. It felt too much like an invasion of privacy. Finnick (4:09pm): what happened? You scare her off with all your charm and goodlookingness? Peeta (4:11pm): That's not a word. Finnick (4:14pm): you've got quite a tab waiting for u next time you're in. you're lucky I'm currently dating the owner's daughter or you'd be in quite a bit of trouble The doorbell rang. "Must be Rye," Peeta said, referring to his younger brother. "I'll get it." Peeta texted a quick "gotta go" to Finnick and stood up to answer the door. His father nodded his thanks. Except it wasn't Rye. When Peeta swung open the door, the very last person he expected to find on the porch was Katniss. How did she know where he'd be? Had she contacted Finnick? Was she here to talk or just to get her necklace back? "Hi," Peeta said, confused but delighted at her presence. Katniss's eyes widened in surprise, and a moment later, her face transformed into a look of horror. "Oh," she said. "Oh, shit." Before Peeta could respond to this less than stellar greeting, Rye came running up the path with a six-pack in his hand. "Sorry! Forgot the alcohol in the car, and trust me, we're going to need it to get through tonight." He stopped beside Katniss and slipped an arm around her waist. "Peeta, I'd like for you to meet my girlfriend, Katniss. Katniss, this is my brother, Peeta." Oh. In that case, Katniss's reaction had been spot on. This wasn't good. This was, actually, awful and terrible and about a thousand other variations of fucked up. "Um, Peet, are you going to let us inside? It's pretty cold out here." "What? Yeah. Come in." He avoided looking at Katniss as they walked past, but he caught the scent of her perfume. Heat rushed through him as images from last night danced through his head. Her hasty exit this morning suddenly made a lot more sense. Guilt over cheating on Rye had sent her rushing out of Peeta's apartment. Poor Rye. Poor perpetually single Rye. He had finally found a steady girlfriend, and she wasn't faithful. Who knew if Peeta was even the first? He ignored the desire her presence had stirred up and glared at her. He was furious that just because she didn't know how to be faithful, he was now the bad guy too. Whether he had known who she was or not, he felt as if he had betrayed Rye. "You know, all this talk about her, and you never once mentioned her name," Peeta said. "It's such a unique name too. Not one you'd easily forget." "Uh, sorry," Rye said. "You know it now." "It's so nice to meet you, Katniss," Mr. Mellark said, shaking her hand. "We've heard wonderful things about you." "It's nice to meet you too," she mumbled, face red. At least she looked ashamed. "Rye!" Delly squeaked as she trotted down the stairs. She hugged him tightly before taking her place at Peeta's side. She reached out her hand toward Katniss. "It's so wonderful to finally meet you!" Delly exclaimed. "I'm Delly Cartwright, Peeta's fiancée." Now it was Peeta's turned to look horrified while Katniss glared. "It's nice to meet you," Katniss said with false cheer. Yeah, he had been absolutely right this morning. Tonight was going to suck so, so much.