confused and ready to high tail it out of there. I was guessing that she didn't know that I knew about the two of them. "Katniss, I sent you a letter-," "It's okay Peeta, I already know. I never got your letter, but I know. And I'm happy for you," I smiled to drive the point home and the girl standing slightly behind him, Arilyne, relaxed slightly and moved to stand beside him. "Well Katniss, this it the last place that I expected to see you," said Peeta in a slightly disapproving voice. I smiled guiltily but followed his movements nervously as he moved to lock the door to the room we were in. "A red alert means lock all the doors, basically, because there is a fugitive loose. Now I wonder who that could be…" "Peeta shouldn't we turn her in?" asked Arilyne, running her fingers through the ends of her hair nervously. "No… if Katniss is here, it means that she left District 13. And that means that she isn't dangerous to the capitol anymore. Why are you even here Katniss? The capitol isn't exactly your favorite place," I was irritated slightly that Peeta didn't even seemed fazed by her suggestion to turn me in, but I guess that he had different priorities now. "Well it's a long story, but basically Gale and I left District 13, we tried to save someone's life, Gale got mad at me and left, and then the person who's life we tried to save double crossed us. If you even mention the name Ash, I'll probably puke." I shook my head, trying to ignore the look of anger that broke out onto Arilyne's face. I waited, bracing myself for her to attack me for even thinking something like that about her brother. "That asshole did it again?" shouted Arilyne. Peeta moved to comfort her, but I just hung my mouth open in shock. "What are you talking about?" I asked, honestly surprised that she wasn't ripping my head off with her bare hands. The way he had talked about her sounded like they were very buddy-buddy and wanting to take down the world together, but she seemed very pissed off as I explained this to her. "I haven't talked to Ash in months. Ever since he turned my best friend and I in for trying to run away. She's an avox now. He said that I didn't know what I was doing," she laughed humorlessly at that, "None of my family talks to him anymore. I'm so sorry for what he has done to you." She sounded genuinely sorry and I was a bit taken aback. "Um… yeah… ok." Not my most articulate response, but she seemed appeased. "Well, moving on…" Peeta said, glancing between the two of us tentatively as if he was slightly concerned that we were getting along so well, "We've got to get Katniss to Gale." "Only problem; I haven't talked to Gale since I basically told him I was against him," I said, looking down at my feet in shame. I couldn't get over how wrong I was about Ash, and especially about how I'd acted toward Gale. I was usually dead on about people. "Oh, I forgot to tell you. He sent me a Mockingjay pin that said 'return to me if this ever gets lost'. I took the metaphorical meaning and assumed that he meant you. I'm supposed to return you to… he said in the forest right outside of the capitol. But I have a feeling he'll try to come get you himself," said Peeta, wrapping an arm around Arilyne who still seemed upset about her brother. KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK The banging on the door caused us all to jump, and Arilyne walked over to it while Peeta shoved me back into the air vent. I moved to obscure myself from view and tried to listen as the door opened, but I couldn't hear anything other than 'Katniss' and 'Escape'. Someone walked over to the bottom of the vent and peered up, and I braced my self for the worse. Every muscle in my body tensed as the vent was pulled easily off, stuck on haphazardly by Peeta in the first place. "Catnip what are you doing up there?" "Gale!" I cried in relief, dropping out of the vent to hug him, apologizing the entire time, "Gale I'm so sorry! I was wrong about Ash, and about you, and I should have-," "It's not your fault Katniss, I should have stayed with you," said Gale, looking me deeply in the eyes, "I'm so sorry that I left you. I'll never leave you again." He started to lean in, but Peeta cleared his throat loudly. "It might not have occurred to you guys, but we are still under a red alert. You might want to leave before anyone finds you," he was trying to sound serious but I could see the laughter in his eyes. "Thanks Peeta, for everything," I said to him, smiling gratefully. He smiled back and it just amazed me at how happy he looked. "I miss you Katniss. But I know we'll see each other again." He looked at Arilyne again, and I hugged him. "Goodbye Peeta, Arilyne. I'm sure we'll see each other again, but for now it's time to go," I grabbed Gale's arm as he waved back at the two and he rattled off how we were going to get out of the building and then the capitol. We ran down the halls, and then the streets, and then the forest. But it all didn't matter to me, because I was with Gale now. I had finally figured it all out. As we turned to each other, deep in the forest and completely alone, we both just smiled. "So what do we do now?" I asked, looking into Gale's deep grey eyes questioningly, but he just smiled. "It doesn't matter, as long as I'm with you." The End