would have kept under wraps—is a secret so as not to risk my chances of being chosen as tribute. Love is not in the career vocabulary. Me and Cato's comradery is common knowledge. I can tell from how Brutus and Enobaria look at us that they know as well as anyone it will complicate our path to victory and the Academy heads were fools to place us in the same Games. I shake hands with Cato and let our mentors guide us off the stage. [X] Only one person would have visited me if he were not sequestered to another room. I find myself wishing the Academy Heads made a different decision again as I sit alone. I remind myself that other people can matter when I come back as a celebrated victor. For now, I need to keep focused on the Games and nothing else. [X] The trip to the Capitol is relatively short according to Satin Athens, but we must sit around and wait for each Reaping to be televised. I study my fingernails and act disinterested in the conversation an enamored Satin Athens upholds with Cato. Hiding how funny I think his aggravation is proves difficult, but I have enough experience hiding my emotions to succeed. I stand up at the brief intermission between Six and Seven and find food. My mentor follows me and I turn to face her, wary of the two peacekeepers in diagonal corners and likely surveillance cameras above. "The Reapings are unimpressive. The tributes look as pathetic as usual," I comment, crossing my arms. "They never are very promising except for Two and occasionally One. I'm not overconfident when I say that I know you'll win," states Enobaria, her tone confident, not cavalier. "I trained you, didn't I? I've never failed to bring home a tribute." Everyone knows that. The reason is probably because she has only mentored for four Hunger Games, but I try not to think about that. "Did I express any doubt?" I coldly ask with a defiant twist of my lips. The fleeting flash of her amused smile is more gold than white. "No, no you didn't." She smirks at me and throws an apple from the table. My reflexes kick in and I catch it in one unwavering hand. I wonder if it is fake until I take a bite. [X] The tributes from Four are weak. The girl tribute from Eleven draws my attention. "She looks…?" I turn to Cato, not needing to finish my sentence. "Yeah. She's agile," he comments. "Not that it'll help something so scrawny get past the bloodbath." I narrow my eyes. "Do you remember your little spar with me? When we first met, I think you underestimated an agile little girl." I touch the scar on his neck from a small blade. "Don't make the same mistakes twice, like you always do with bows at target practice." He scowls at me, on the verge of releasing a growl. Cato glares until a girl on the screen screams, "I volunteer as tribute!" It only takes me one look at her to make my blood boil, and my instinctive hatred is never unfounded. [X] The dress being pinned to my body is grey with spackled décor that makes it look like stone. They paint my skin the same shade. My black hair is straightened but intertwined with silver ribbons. I consider it to be ugly, but I am not stupid enough to get on anyone's bad side here. I keep my expression as stoic as the stone they have garbed me in and wordlessly glare at the mirror. "You're one pretty girl," says my stylist, Gallus. "All eyes will be on you. Just remember to smile." I shift my glare from my reflection to him, and he flinches from the mere look. Good. [X] When I at last escape the clutches of my spacey stylist, I walk out to the chariots and see Cato talking to the girl from District One. Her partner glowers, leaning against his chariot, and my eyes lock on him. I do not even know him, and I already want to claim him as one of my kills. He has that look of ego and overconfidence that I have always despised. The girl flips her blonde hair and draws my attention. I purse my lips. She is very beautiful. I cannot help but stare and catch myself just in time to look away when she peels her emerald eyes from Cato and glances up at me. My district partner turns to face me and brusquely states, "This is Glimmer. Over there is Marvel." I can tell from the gravel in my best friend's voice that he disapproves of the boy as much as I do. It makes a wicked smirk flash across my face for a split second. My eyes wander as Cato makes connections with other careers. They land on a girl who flashes with bright lights, only making her red hair stick out further. It is not her appearance that makes me stare at an otherwise meaningless tribute. The way she studies me makes my blood run cold. Her gaze pierces my soul. I flash her a bitter glare but she does not look away. She locks eyes with me, like no one dares to do. My nostrils flare, and, wisely, she looks away first. I mentally put her on my kill list; she is pathetic and overbold. Before I can fantasize about stabbing the throat of the eerie tribute with fiery hair, Satin Athens ushers me and Cato towards the chariot. My best friend offers his hand to help me up and I brush it away, stepping up myself. His help is unnecessary and only would serve to make me look weak. I grip the edge of the chariot until my knuckles turn white and straighten my back. The other tributes will fear me and the Capitol will never forget me. Of that I am certain.