face transform into an expression of pity. It's a knee-jerk reaction. Everyone does it, and it always makes her feel worse. "I was meeting them at the mall for lunch." She tries to swallow, but her throat is too dry. "When I got there, they were shopping on the opposite side of the mall. I texted Prim, and she said they'd be there in five minutes." If she closes her eyes, she can picture it. She remembers the clothes she wore, the laughter of the teenagers clustered nearby, the advertisement she was staring at when the world exploded. "The mall was under construction. There were people working on the new addition. One of them hit a gas line." She hears Peeta's sharp intake of breath, but he doesn't say a word. "One second, everything is completely normal." She clasps her hands together in front of her before ripping them apart. "Then, chaos. My mom and sister were killed instantly. I was far enough away to be safe from the blast, but the roof caved in. I was trapped for two hours before rescue workers found me. I had a couple of broken bones, a minor head wound. And that's it." Every time she leaves the house, she finds herself holding her breath, waiting for the next disaster. Being outside is okay. She likes the fresh air, the wide-open spaces. The problem is any place else. The first time she visited a grocery store after losing her family, she stared at the wall next to the produce, waiting for it to explode. She felt it coming, the knowledge buzzing under skin. The certainty was paralyzing. It was her first panic attack. More followed. She had them everywhere. Sometimes they woke her up in the middle of the night. "I already knew the world wasn't fair. I lost my dad when I was only eleven years old. But I didn't realize how cruel it could be. How random." He touches her hand. His skin is cold, but the jolt it sends through her is an anchor. It keeps her from getting too lost. "It doesn't matter how much bad shit happens to you. There's no rule, no limit. It's why I prefer to be alone." "Being alone kind of sucks," he says. "Everything kind of sucks." "I promise you having someone next to you makes it a little easier." She shrugs. "I think I'm going to go lay down. Enjoy your sandwich." She's grateful that he doesn't try to stop her. Two nights later, when the power is restored and her groceries are delivered, Katniss makes meatloaf, mashed potatoes, and green beans. For once she doesn't have to worry about making too much. Peeta comes over at seven with a plate of peanut butter cookies and red velvet cupcakes. Katniss tells him she's tired of ordering all her books online. She tells him she misses browsing the shelves and finding titles she would have otherwise missed. He suggests they go to the bookstore tomorrow after he gets home from work. She spends the night on the bathroom floor, rocking back and forth. Her panic cuts through her, spoils all the good feelings she collected from the evening. She throws up twice. When she finally falls asleep, it is on the bathmat in front of the shower, Tucker curled up next to her. At some point she stumbles back to bed and sleeps for the entire day. When Peeta comes to her door that night, she is showered and dressed. Tucker already wears his vest and leash. "I'm scared," she says as they walk to the car. "Me too." Tucker lies down in the backseat, and Peeta drives them to the closest bookstore, his knuckles white against the steering wheel. He doesn't go over the speed limit once. "You did it," she says once he parks the car. "Yeah." His hands shake as he undoes his seatbelt. "I can drive home. You don't have to do everything in one day." "Thanks. I might take you up on that. And you know, if you get nervous, we can leave. We'll just keep trying until it's easier." As they cross the parking lot, she twists Tucker's leash around her palm and holds it tightly. When they enter, she freezes. If it's possible, she somehow feels worse than she did last year. She hasn't tried in so long, and she has built it up in her head. Moving feels impossible. Peeta slips his hand into hers. "Let's just take one step, okay?" She stares straight ahead. There aren't many customers, and the store isn't that big, but her gaze gets stuck on the wall behind the cash registers. Her heart rate speeds up. Her palms grow sweaty. "Katniss?" She focuses on Peeta's voice, on the pressure of Tucker's body against her legs. If there is no limit to a person's suffering, then the opposite should be true too. She should have enough room inside for a lifetime's worth of happiness, even if it has to co-exist with the pain. She wants to do this. She has to do this. "Okay," she says and lets him pull her forward. "One more?" he asks. She nods. They continue like that, one step at a time, Tucker following their pace until, finally, they reach the beginning of the fiction section. She knows she'll never step foot inside another mall. A big department store is out of the question. Even a restaurant seems impossible. But she misses going out to dinner, seeing a movie the weekend it comes out, trying on clothes before she buys them. Maybe she can do this. Maybe life doesn't have to be a series of panic attacks and lonely nights and paralyzing thoughts of regret. Maybe she can miss Prim, her mother and father, everything she left behind and still be happy. It feels possible, standing in the bookstore, Peeta and Tucker by her side. "Don't let go of my hand," she says. He doesn't.