"Lord Snow, you're asking me to—to—allow Cato to—" She couldn't say the word, couldn't fathom it. She was a virgin. She had never even kissed a boy. While she had no intention of marrying and no societal reason to keep her purity intact, she did have her dignity. She didn't want to be a rich man's plaything. She didn't know anything about seduction or lovemaking. And she didn't want to learn. "Miss Everdeen, may I remind you what a comfortable position you have in my home: a bed to yourself, plenty of food to eat. A monthly wage to share with your family." "Yes sir, I'm so grateful—" "I hear your mother's been ill." Katniss froze. She knew the conversation had taken a turn, knew Snow was circling her now, ready to swoop in as she revealed her weakness. Maybe he was right. Maybe she was smarter than most people gave her credit for, but she couldn't see a way out of this. "How do you know that?" "Very little goes on that I do not know about." Snow leaned forward in his chair and offered an awful smile. "A room has opened up in the servants' cottage out back. There's enough room for your mother and your sister. Prim, is it?" "Yes. It's Prim." "Perhaps some rest and a visit from a proper doctor will do your mother well." The deal was tempting. Snow knew exactly what to offer to lure her in, but she couldn't agree. Trade her body for improved living quarters and a visit from a doctor? Her mother would get better on her own. She was a healer, and she knew what needed to be done. Her mother may not be the vibrant, nurturing woman Katniss remembered from childhood, but she wouldn't want this for Katniss. No matter how desperate their situation was becoming. "Thank you for your kind offer, Lord Snow, but my mother and Prim have a home." "Are you aware, Miss Everdeen, what would happen if you were dismissed from my home under uncertain circumstances?" "I'm sorry?" "Neighbors would talk. Rumors would spread. It would be difficult to find another position." "I haven't done anything wrong." She tried to steel herself, kept her voice steady and strong, but it trembled on the last word. "Maybe you could return to the factory. Or perhaps the brothel? They don't discriminate there." Her throat burned with unshed tears, but she would not cry in front of this man. When she had lost her job at the factory, Aunt Violet had threatened to kick all of them out: Katniss, Prim, her mother. Violet was livid that Katniss would throw away what she deemed a "perfectly good job." Aunt Violet had accused her of being soft and spoiled, thinking herself superior to her cousins. Her complaints only stopped after Katniss had moved into Lord Snow's home as a maid. With a room to sleep in and food to eat, Katniss needed very little of her wages. She sent the majority to her mother to help pay for the basic necessities. Her mother still wasn't working. Prim helped look after Aunt Violet's children and complete the laundry Violet did for the families who had enough money to outsource the task but not enough to hire live-in help. Most nights Prim's hands were red and raw, but she never complained. "What if he doesn't ask me again?" Katniss finally said. "He will." As Katniss readied herself for bed, her thoughts returned to dinner and to Peeta. He had been correct: the roast duck was delicious. Unfortunately, he didn't get the opportunity to taste his as he excused himself after the first course. His brother had never shown up to dinner, and Peeta had been worried. Before leaving, Peeta had come around to her side of the table and taken her hand once more. "It was wonderful to meet you and your fiancé," he had said, eyes never leaving hers. "Have a good evening." He had held her hand for only the briefest of seconds, but she felt his touch long after. Her whole body had hummed from the pleasure of meeting him, from exchanging a few words, and even now, hours later, she felt an odd kind of excitement. It was an unfamiliar and strange feeling. She wasn't sure she liked it, but she hoped she saw him again all the same. Her bedroom door burst open. Cato filled her doorway, his mouth a thin, hard line. He was angry even though she had been on her best behavior all day. She had even braided her hair as requested. She wondered if this had something to do with Peeta. Back in London, she rarely left the house except to run an errand for Mrs. Sae or cross the backyard to visit her family. She was contained. But now Cato had thrust her out into the world not caring how she or anyone else felt about the matter. He had never anticipated that others would appreciate his effort. "Why did you say you were my fiancé at dinner?" Katniss asked. "I don't want to talk tonight," Cato said. He wrapped a hand around her braid and pulled her head toward him. Her neck ached from the angle and her lips felt bruised when the kiss ended. "Take off your nightgown," he said. Katniss did as she was told and laid down on the bed. Most nights with Cato, she tried to detach herself, float out of her body. Sometimes she made the journey to Ireland, to the farm she was born in, grew up in, lost everything in. Of course, then, she hadn't realized there was more to lose. But tonight, Cato would demand her attention and her vocal participation. She had to be the girl he wanted. As Cato lowered himself on top of her, she closed her eyes and pictured the boy from dinner with his bright blue eyes and kind smile. And then she kissed him back.