and a few of his suits reclaimed from Victors' Village on his last visit. Prim helps her dress and brushes her hair before twisting it into her familiar side braid. Plutarch insists Katniss wear the Mockingjay pin, and Katniss is so eager to be out of her hospital room that she doesn't argue. A guard trails her from the hospital to the ceremony. He stands behind her, but Katniss barely notices as familiar faces surround her. Greasy Sae greets her with a teary grin. Delly Cartwright tells her how gorgeous she looks. Even Gale cracks a smile when Katniss hugs him. Before the ceremony begins, Katniss approaches Annie. Peeta watches their reunion, shocked when the girls cling to each other and tears stream down Annie's face. Why hadn't anyone thought to allow Annie to visit Katniss? They both look so happy, so relieved to see one another. Later, when Annie and Finnick's union is official, and the dancing begins, Katniss sits alone, guard behind her, to watch the festivities. Peeta approaches her cautiously, but she doesn't frown or tense up at his presence, so he takes the empty seat beside her. "They look so happy," Katniss says softly. Peeta follows her gaze to the newlyweds, holding each other close in the center of the room, swaying slowly despite the upbeat tempo being played. "Annie was so sure she'd never see him again. They…" Katniss shifts in her seat and tugs at her dress. "They told her he was dead once. They threw a severed hand into her cell and told her it was his. Just to watch her cry." Peeta remains absolutely still, certain any movement will break the spell Katniss has fallen under. She has been so calm today and so happy to be around familiar people. He hopes that Coin will allow her out more often. Maybe even join her family's living compartment. "I told her they were lying. But I couldn't prove it. She screamed and sobbed all night. When they took me away the next morning, I was actually relieved." She turns her head and makes eye contact for the first time since saying goodbye before the Quarter Quell. "Was it real? Any of it?" she asks. "You and me, you mean?" She nods. "It was real for me," he says. "Snow may have bullied us into an engagement, but I loved you Katniss. I still do." She looks down at her trembling hands. He covers them with his own, and she doesn't pull away. "And Prim?" "That's your Prim," he says. "The same Prim you took care of after your father died. The same Prim you volunteered for at the reaping." He reaches out and touches the tip of her braid. "I'm sorry," he says. "For everything that has happened. I am so sorry." She looks up at him, eyes brimming with tears. "I don't believe you," she says. He doesn't ask her to clarify which part she doubts. He knows she doesn't believe anything he says. He's lost her. The moment the lie about the baby left his mouth, she was gone. He walks away without looking back. Later that night, after the rest of the district is asleep, a quiet knock on Peeta's door pulls him out of bed. Katniss waits for him outside. "What are you doing out here?" he asks. He grabs her wrist and pulls her inside, sliding the door shut behind him. "Wait," she says. "Don't lock it." "I'm not. See?" Peeta asks. "I'll even leave it a little bit open. I just don't want them to find you out of bed. They'll start handcuffing you again. How'd you get out of your room?" "I told Prim I needed to see you, so she let me out. She's keeping watch outside." Katniss stands in the middle of his compartment still wearing the blue dress from earlier. Her braid has unraveled, and her hair spills over her shoulders in dark waves. Her eye is completely healed, and all of the bruises are gone. The only remaining physical evidence of her torture is a scar across her cheek. She looks like Katniss. The way he remembers her. "What are you doing here?" he asks. "I've been thinking about something I remembered. I woke up in the middle of the night on a train and you were beside me. You held me until I calmed down and fell back asleep. Did that really happen?" "Yes. We slept in the same bed to help each other with our nightmares." He takes a step toward her, but she holds up her hand to stop him. "It's like there are two of you," she says. "I remember both versions, but I can't tell which is the real one and which is the lie." "I know." "But I think I might be able to. Someday." She drops her hand, and he takes that stubborn step forward. "Yeah?" "Prim says you would never hurt her. She says you kept her safe in the arena and here after you were rescued. She says she's real and you are too. I want it to be true. I want it so badly." Peeta closes the space between them. He grazes her arm first as a test, and when she remains still, he wraps his arms around her. She doesn't hug him back, but it's tremendous progress. Prim slips inside the compartment. "I need to get you back, Katniss. The shift change is in a few minutes. They'll check on you first." Reluctantly, Peeta lets go and watches Prim take her sister's hand. "Can I visit you tomorrow?" he calls out. "Would that be okay?" Katniss looks over her shoulder and gives him the smallest of smiles. The first smile he has seen her wear in months. It reminds him of so many lost moments, memories she may never recover or recall without fear. It's beautiful and painful, and it fills him with hope. "Yes," she says. "I'll see you tomorrow."