been outside or are you staying locked up inside your house?" "None of your fucking business, is it?" he snaps. "You should try." she advises. "Are you trying? 'Cause last I heard you were playing hide and seek in your apartment." he taunts. "I visit Peeta every day." she argues. "And run home and lock the three bolts on the door and cower under your blankets." he scoffs. "You've got no room lecturing me." "Perhaps not." she admits. "Peeta is doing tremendously better." "That's good news at least." he smirks. "Means you're both coming home soon." She lowers her eyes. When he reaches for her hand, the dream fades away. Peeta comes back with spring. When Haymitch picks him up at the train station, the boy is alone and looks sorry enough that he stops straining his neck to try and spot blond hair amidst the crowd on the platform. " I need to find myself ." she sighs on the phone. "And you can't do that here? " he scowls, kicking the foot of a chair that's on the way of his pacing. " Haymitch …" she begs. " I need to try. And it is not like we can't see each other. All you have to do is daydream and…" "Yeah. Key word? Daydream ." he cuts her off. "I want the real thing, Effie." "That is all I can give you for now." she retorts. "Take it or leave it." "Fine." he snarls. He hangs up only for the pleasure of having the last word. They both know he will take it anyway. He watches the kids heal each other and he starts to think the soulmate thing is bullshit . He doesn't know when he changed his mind about that anyway, when he started to care . Maybe when he first got fascinated by her colors. They fall into a routine. Katniss hunts, Peeta bakes and he drinks and waits for the next train. He tells the kids it's about liquor shipments but it's an obvious lie nobody but Katniss believes. One day he finds a gaggle of goslings and he brings them home. He lets them roam free in the backyard at first and then he builds them a pen. He pretends he's raising them for meat but he sulks so hard the one time Katniss suggests they eat one of the now grown geese that neither of the kids ever brings it up again. He's not always good at picking up the eggs before they hatch so the gaggle grows. He enjoys the noise. It disrupts the silence. "What is it like? The souldreams?" he asks Peeta one night, after one too many glasses. He's not wasted yet but he's on his way there. The boy's on the other armchair, reading some book he borrowed from his shelf. "When you're not bonded… What is it like?" Peeta closes the book and watches him with a frown. "Don't you remember?" Haymitch shakes his head. "It's been more than a decade." "It's… fuzzy." the kid shrugs. "Nothing special really. Mine aren't that clear anymore and I like it better like that." He snorts. "Wise." The boys hesitates for a second and then leans a little forward. "What are bonded dreams like?" He closes his eyes and he feels it creep in, at the very edge of his mind. It's always there nowadays. All he has to do is space out and he will be there and she will come because his soul is calling to hers. "Like a weird phone call." he explains awkwardly. "A buzz at the back of the head. All the time." "You can talk to her any time?" the boys exclaims, his eyebrows shooting up. "Like telepathy?" "Doesn't work quite like that." he mutters and then waves his hand, signaling that conversation is now over. It's not telepathy and it's not quite a phone call. They're better at controlling the dreams – she is a master at it now – but it's still dreaming. The sky could go down in the sea and he wouldn't even blink because the dream space has its own logic. "You miss her, don't you?" Peeta winces. He shrugs and, then, because he has never uttered those words aloud before and because he's drunk and feels daring, he says "She's my soulmate.". He says it as if it explains everything. Peeta nods as if it does. Capitol Park doesn't look at all like it used to. Rides aren't in the same place, the colors are a bit faded and there are no faceless crowd to populate the wide alleys. Yet the sky is a bright blue and the sun is shining which makes it a happy looking place. It's being rebuilt from scratch, he figures. Haymitch explores for a while, letting his feet guide him to her. She's wearing a neon pink dress, her low ponytail is tossed over one shoulder and she's smiling at him. The first thing he does is kiss her because he fucking misses her. The second thing he does is frown at her. "You've been a stranger." The third thing he does is kiss her again. He's not surprised when that kiss turns hungry and they end up stumbling against the cold metal of a rollercoaster, hands roaming and hearts beating fast. It's been a while since they had sex, souldream or otherwise, and he doesn't even try to restrain himself. She's responsive and eager and there is no hesitation in her. "I miss you…" she whispers in his ear. "Didn't go anywhere." he counters. "I'm right fucking here. You know where to find me." "Yes, I do." she grins. "And I am on my way." He wakes up with a start and rubs his eyes, wondering what she meant by that. He gets his answer two hours later when someone knocks on the door. T H E E N D Did you like it? What did you think? Let me know!