with her platinum blonde hair neatly pinned back in a bun. Her face was layered with pounds of makeup, complete with fake blue eyelashes and bright blue lipstick. Her name was Sheila Flickerman, and she was back for her second Hunger Games reaping as an escort. She started off small last year as the escort for the tributes from District 11, but after both tributes made it to the final eight, and one even to the final four, Sheila was rewarded for their success by being promoted to District 5, just short of the Career districts. Eager to get things started for the year, she tapped her foot impatiently as she waited for the anthem to start. She grinned with anticipation minutes later after the anthem had played and the tape about the Dark Days and the start of the Hunger Games was finished, and she gracefully stepped up in front of the two glass balls. "Alright, ladies first!" Sheila chimed, flashing another smile at the crowd as her hand, with perfectly painted blue nails, plunged into the first glass ball. The pink tint of the glass glistened in the sunlight as Sheila pulled out a slip of paper from the very top of the pile. The name of the female tribute. "Kelilyn Light!" Sheila's eyes followed those of the crowd's as a gap opened in the section of twelve-year-olds. One girl stepped forward, her face completely blank. Not from fear, just out of confusion. The girl casually ran a hand through her strawberry blonde hair as she left her section to make her way onto the stage. She was of average height, but she looked like a midget standing next to Sheila, who was nearing six feet tall in her super high heels. "Go Kelilyn!" a voice shouted from the crowd. Kelilyn gave an awkward smile and a quick wave in the direction the voice came from. Sheila chuckled before sinking her hand into the glass ball with blue tint. "Alright, now over to the boys!" Sheila announced while searching through the slips of paper, before extracting one from near the bottom. She paused to brush a loose strand of hair off her face before opening the slip of paper that would determine the fates of the young boys of District 5. "Ivan Nukes!" The designated spot for the fifteen-year-olds was towards the front of the crowd, so the crowd only had to wait a few seconds before the chosen tribute walked onto the stage. He was tall for his age, almost as taller than Sheila. He had ginger colored hair, which stood out from his light brown eyes and freckles. Ivan gave a quick nod to Sheila and Kelilyn as he took his place next to them. "Ladies and gentlemen, the tributes of District 5!" Sheila announced, still smiling. ~District 6~ "Hello, everyone! Welcome to the reaping for the 2nd Annual Hunger Games!" the escort, an average sized Capitol man announced. "May the odds be ever in your favor!" The escort watched as the last hundred children signed in and made their way to their respective age groups, with the national anthem booming throughout the town square. "My name is Marco Crane and I will be the escort for District 6 and your master of ceremonies this afternoon!" The escort continued to smile despite being met with silence. "Alright, let's get started!" he continued, starting to rummage through one glass ball. "Starting with the girls!" As he said this, he plucked a piece of paper out of the glass ball and opened it up to read it. "Lucille Bellevue!" There was more silent. The crowd didn't even bother to turn around and look for the female tribute. Instead the crowd either glanced up at the sky or stared straight ahead as they waited for the girl to appear onstage. There was some rustling as the girl gently nudged past people or others stepped aside, allowing the girl to get through the crowd until she met the escort onstage. The escort shook hands with Lucille as the crowd scrutinized her in the continuing silence. Lucille looked to be about fourteen judging from her average height. She was slightly pale, with light brown hair pulled back into a ponytail and blue-green eyes that complemented her light green blouse, blue pencil skirt, and blue and green sandals. "So, how do you feel about representing District 6 in the 2nd Hunger Games?" Marco asked, practically shoving the microphone in Lucille's face. Lucille slowly leaned in to speak into the microphone. "Good," she mumbled. "That's great, Lucille!" Marco exclaimed, pulling the microphone away and reaching into the second glass ball. "Now for the boys!" Lucille and the rest of the crowd watched as the escort swiftly pulled out another slip of paper. He opened the paper and studied it for a second, before revealing the name written on it. "James Rhodes!" The crowd did the same thing, doing nothing until they could see this year's male tribute standing onstage. Some could see him emerging from the pack of sixteen-year-olds and head to the stage from there. He looked like a fighter; he was tall and muscular, with green eyes that were lit up by fire. He ran a hand through his sandy blonde hair as he stood next to Lucille. Lucille glanced over at him for a look at his outfit: a cream colored blouse, blue corduroy jeans, and white dress shoes. "Now how do you feel about going into the Hunger Games?" the escort asked, turning his attention to James and poking the microphone at him. "Do you feel good?" "Yeah," James said with a nod. "Pretty good." The escort motioned for Lucille and James to shake hands before turning back towards the crowd. "Well, there we have it, District 6!" Marco announced. "Our new tributes!" The next chapter will be the reapings for Districts 7-12, and then on to the Capitol from there. That should be up hopefully by next week.