the back seat. No, not something… His son . He wondered if the nausea that was quickly starting to become associated with those two words would ever disappear. He didn't want a kid. He had never wanted a kid. Kids were breakable and demanding and if they were a victor's child, they would most certainly die a bloody death in an arena. Any child of his would die for sure. Haymitch had never wanted children, never . He looked over his shoulder anyway, fingers twitching for a bottle to hold. There was no alcohol though. His flask had been left behind. No liquor allowed in Thirteen, no point in bringing an empty flask. He had been slowing down his alcohol consumption for weeks because of that, so the withdrawal wouldn't be too awful. Oh, it would be unbearable, he had no doubts about that, but it wouldn't be as physically hard as it could have been. He realized to his disgust that he hadn't even thought about asking Effie for the child's name. He didn't even know his own child's name. The boy wasn't wailing yet but his grey eyes were full of tears and his lips were wobbling. He was staring at Haymitch expectantly and when he failed to say anything, the child rummaged into the purple bag and pulled out a battered stuffed sheep. He hugged the sheep for dear life and then finally acknowledged Plutarch's question. "Timotheo." Timotheo… How… Capitol-y . "A good name." Plutarch offered with fake enthusiasm. "And your last name?" Undisguised attempt at finding out who the mother was. Haymitch should be the one asking those questions. Effie shouldn't have left without giving answers. She shouldn't have left at all . It was all so… A surge of anger ran through his veins and turned around again to look at the road ahead before he could do something that would forever traumatize the child. He wanted to hit something, preferably Snow. He wanted to… "Mommy calls me Theo." the boy mumbled. Haymitch caught sight of him in the rear-view mirror. If he hugged that sheep any tighter, the stuffed head would pop. He was obviously frightened. And why shouldn't he be? He had been abandoned in the care of two perfect strangers… Not entirely true, though. From the start, the boy had acted as if he knew Haymitch and he wasn't surprised when Effie had referred to him as 'Daddy'… His mother must have told him about him. "And… How do people call Mommy?" Plutarch insisted. The boy had secured the seat belt on his own – clever, Haymitch couldn't help but think – but he still wriggled to the edge of the seat so he could get a hold on Haymitch's shirt. The sheep stayed firmly pressed against his chest by his other arm. He was eyeing Plutarch with obvious distrust. "It's okay, kid." Haymitch said, without even knowing why. "You don't have to answer." He glared at Plutarch who only shrugged. They didn't need to upset the boy. They didn't need a crying child on their hands, it was miraculous enough that he hadn't started weeping yet. What did either of them know about wailing children? The boy seemed to calm down though. He kept hold of Haymitch's shirt and on the sheep and he looked at the road ahead with wide eyes. They made it to the hovercraft without a single tear and Haymitch had never been more relieved in his life. All the more so when he saw Plutarch's assistant hurrying toward them. He lost no time in charging her of babysitting the kid. There were tears then. For whatever obscure reason since he had known him for a total of twenty minutes, the boy refused to be separated from Haymitch and started wailing and struggling in Fulvia's arms, calling out " Daddy " as if he was being murdered. Underneath the shock of being called "Daddy" for the first time, there was a somber pull Haymitch was surprised to feel : the primitive answering need to kill whoever was making his child cry that way. "I need you to focus , Haymitch." Plutarch snapped before grabbing his arm to get him away. "He's on board, Fulvia is with him, he will be alright. There are more urgent matters right now." More urgent than a newly-discovered son he had never wanted in the first place calling him for help when Haymitch was so scared of losing anyone he cared about? However, there were indeed more urgent matters. Out of sight, out of mind was, perhaps, a coward approach but it worked. Haymitch lost himself in the moment, helping Plutarch strategizing the rescue mission and making sure everything went as well as possible. It didn't. Katniss' arrow made the arena explode before they were ready to act. They managed to retrieve her, Finnick and Beetee but despite Haymitch's insistence and the rebels' best efforts, they couldn't get to Peeta. Johanna was lost too, so was Enobaria. And then, it all went to hell. The rebellion exploded in the Districts before they could even try to control it, everyone was screaming in the hovercraft. Finnick was begging Plutarch to get Annie out, all the time knowing it wouldn't be possible, when Katniss appeared armed with a syringe. It was so stupid it almost made Haymitch laugh – a hysterical, exhausted kind of laugh – then, of course, he had to tell her about Peeta and she tried to kill him but… That was to be expected, he supposed. Things finally calmed down a bit when they were about thirty minutes from Thirteen. Plutarch excused himself for a cup of coffee, Finnick left his bed to collapse on a chair waving away any medical aid, and Haymitch would have loved to lounge on one of the chairs with a glass of whiskey but that wasn't meant to be. First, there wasn't any whiskey in that place. Second, it was time to face reality.