The roar river next to us the horizon is brighter with the view of the bridge coming into view just above the next hillock but we stop short at the sight we come upon. A soldier, a normal expected sight at the checkpoint area but standing over the dead body of a small kid is what stops us. " Stop! stay right where you are!" instinctively I place myself in-front of Clove and Ellie, shielding them from the soldiers sight. He looks us over before taking a slight step towards us. " You infected?... Bitten!?" he raises his rifle higher, I raise my hand before calmly speaking. " We're fine, not infected or bitten... we're just trying to get to safety." taking a small step forward. " BACK UP!" his rifle pointed right between my eye's before radio in. " Sir I've got three survivors... yes sir... sir... they've got a child... yes sir... I understand... yes sir." he starts raising his rifle, shaking his head before muttering a sorry. " Wait... just wait a second... Clove RUN!" turning to shield her as the rifle roars to life behind me sending bullets flying towards us. " AHH!" as I feel one bullet tear through the side of my thigh, clove and Ellie's scream fill my ears as I fall taking them tumbling down the embankment towards the river line separating from Clove Ellie. Rolling over I only have time to notice the soldier appear over me, his rifle shoved in my face, closing my eye's I wait for the rifle to go off but then there's that familiar ringing of an old sound I remember. Opening my eye's Haymitch stands above me, the soldier I see is laying with large pool of blood collecting around his head. " Haymitch..." "Oh no..." my eye's go wide and the horror takes over at what I see he's looking at. Clove and Ellie. " CLOVE! ELLIE!" rushing over to them, Haymitch with me as I reach for them both. Clove still hugging Ellie I roll them over. " No... no... no, no, no, no, no, no!, no!, no!, no!" struggle against Haymitch as my hands clutch at them , stained with blood as he tries to pull me away. My screams of pain from my shattered heart echo into the night. 3 years later. "Daddy..." the quiet whispers of my daughter breaking me from the nightmare of my reality. That night always replays in my dreams at night, during this time now more than ever as we get closer to its anniversary. The anniversary of my wife's death, a day that I though I lost both of them but found I still had my little Ellie. She had survived, Clove taking the bullets while shielding Ellie though Ellie did suffer a small graze she had to suffer the same fate with me knowing that her mother was gone and it almost destroyed us both but we recovered, we survived. Now 3 years later, Ellie almost turning six she's more like a very young teenager in how fast she's had to grow up to survive in the world we remain in. She reminds me of Clove nearly every day that passes. "Dad... we need to get moving." I nod giving her a hug as we shoulder our packs and sling our coats on before quickly eating a tin of canned food each. We're living in the remains of Manhattan a safe zone created after the whole world lost its shit when the infection went global. Origin unknown, the government knew nothing and in its blunder it gave rise to GovCore. The newly installed dictatorship controlled by the shadow head only known as Snow, he rules with an iron fist crushing any rebellion, infection outbreak or anyone that doesn't follow his set ways. It's what makes our job, smugglers even more dangerous and harder but it gives us food on the table and money. "How did you sleep..." "Fine daddy, dreamed again. About... about mum... uncle Mitch... I miss them daddy." wrapping her in a hug I kiss her forehead, knowing just how she feels. Haymitch stayed with us for nearly a year but the ironclad rules GovCore installed made him move and at the time it was just to soon and Ellie was just getting over Clove's passing and beginning to learn survival skills. Haymitch moved out east somewhere, I've been meaning to pack up and Ellie and I will try to find him when the time is right. The buzzing sound of the GovCore alarms making everyone know quarantine is over, we're free to move around we get ready to leave. "Where we heading today?" "Cash wants to meet up with us today, something about Roberts." "Right... let's get moving. Stay close." "Always do dad." Smirking at me because she and I both know that between the pair of us we survive and Ellie has grown in the last two years to help and protect me as I do her. I promised Clove that I would always protect Ellie and I'll keep that, which brings me to may last thought I normally have before leaving to go out into the ruined world on a run. Anyone threatens the safety of my little Ellie... I'll kill them. A/N; so I thought of this while playing the last of us and somehow I came up with this concept for an Everlark mixed in. I hope that people enjoy this because the game was amazing and I want to write this story perfect, which means that updates will not be regular but they will come within (hopefully) about 2 weeks of each other. I just want to get them right before posting and hopefully with this one that slightly mirrors the prologue I've done that. Next chapter we'll meet some more members including the Mockingjay (Katniss) and we'll learn how the cure plays in between the three of them. Anyway I'll see you all next time.