and you shouldn't be either." I move to walk away, but he grabs my hand. "I'll see you soon," he says. "It'll be just a few minutes." I can't resist kissing him one more time. "I love you," I say again, and it's a promise. He doesn't say it back. He doesn't say anything at all. He just watches me go. I find a guard who finds Snow for me. Snow is all too willing to excuse himself from the party for a private meeting. We go to his office. Once more, one guard stands outside the door, another accompanies us inside. President Snow sits behind his desk, but I remain standing. "Here to make another deal?" Snow asks. "Because I'm sure I could arrange to give Peeta a break from your dinners if you agree to a few…solo performances." I shudder at the thought. So far, I haven't had sex with anyone but Peeta. The idea of being intimate with anyone else, let alone a Capitolite, fills me with nausea. I hug myself, shy, uncertain. I pretend to give his deal some thought. "This offer has an expiration date, Miss Everdeen." "Are you ever afraid at these parties?" I ask. "Excuse me?" "You throw parties for monsters and think you're safe. It just seems rather foolish." I think he understands my words, but it's a second too late. I reach beneath the sleeve of my blue black dress, yank out the knife, and bury it in Snow's hand, pinning it to the desk. I remove my second knife and throw it across the room where it impales the guard in the chest. He gasps and falls to the floor. Before Snow can call for his other guard, I rip the knife out of his hand and slash his throat. Sounds gurgle out of his mouth, but he cannot form words. I walk around the desk and watch him sink to the floor, his hands clutching at his throat. Part of me wanted to make his death slower, drag it out until he begged me to put him out of his misery. But in the end, I knew I wouldn't have the time to do it. Not without someone walking in or overhearing us. I cannot risk him being saved. Without Snow in charge, who will there be to punish my loved ones? I will be arrested, put to death, but will anyone else think to hurt Prim or Peeta or my mother? It will be too chaotic, an entire government in upheaval. I'll be lucky if I make it to the executioner's block. I may just languish in jail. My fate doesn't matter. As long as Snow is dead and Peeta and Prim and Gale are safe. It may be too much to hope for, but maybe the Games will be interrupted as well. Maybe that spark I lit last year with the berries can be reignited. I almost don't care. Let the country burn itself to the ground as long as my loved ones are safe. I watch Snow struggle through his last breath, and there is no satisfaction. There is only the regret that I didn't think to do this sooner. I walk out of his office, my bloodied hand and knife behind my back. Drops of red hit the pristine carpet, and I stab the guard waiting outside. I meet no one else on my way back to the party. I slowly descend the staircase leading to the ballroom. Peeta looks up, and his relief is palpable. I do not smile in return. Instead, my gaze alights on Ecken Elliott, enjoying a drink with the newest victor. My hand hidden behind my back, I walk straight over to him. My mind feels light, fuzzy. I am outside myself, watching this happen. I catch Peeta staring out of the corner of my eye. I ignore him. "You look well," I tell Ecken. I look at the newest victor and glare. "If you'll excuse us." The girl rushes off, relieved. Even she could sense what hides behind Ecken's dark eyes. "I see your husband has recovered quite well," Ecken says. "Perhaps we can set up another dinner soon." "Why wait?" I ask him. I curl an arm around his neck and lean close to his ear. "Why don't we begin now?" I don't want for a response. I plunge my knife into his chest. Someone screams. Everyone backs up, giving Ecken and I space. Everyone except for Peeta. I hear the frenzied shouts and the loud footsteps coming from the floor above us. I take a step back. Away from Ecken. Away from Peeta. Blood drips from my knife, my fingertips. The edges of my bird wings are drenched. I wish I felt happy. Or relieved. Or even remorse. But I don't feel anything at all. The guards reach the stairs. I kneel in the center of the ballroom floor and drop my knife. Peeta rushes over to me, tries to pull me to my feet. "What happened?" he asks. "Are you all right?" "Go," I tell him. "Don't let them think you were involved." "What happened?" he demands. "Let me stay with you." "I love you," I tell him. "And I won't let them hurt you again." I want to tell him more. I want to tell him I'm sorry I couldn't protect him before and that I won't be around to protect him now. I want to tell him I'd do it all over again if it meant saving his life. I want to tell him I love him over and over because the words are too precious to only be heard a handful of times. I want to tell him I was just playing the Game the best way I knew how. I didn't win. Haymitch was right. There are no winners. Only survivors. And Peeta will survive, even I don't. I hold my hands up, my wrists together, and I wait for my arrest.