a deep breath and let it out, ill-at-ease. "I loved her, yeah. That was a long time ago. She's not the girl I loved anymore. She changed. I'm not interested and she's not even free now, what's the point of being jealous of her? You're smarter than that, Effie." "How am I supposed to believe this when you want to have sex every time you speak to her." she scowled. "How am I supposed to believe this when you can't even look at me when we're having sex? You want me from behind so you can better think about her." The words were dripping resentment, anger and venom but now that she was spitting them out she couldn't stop. "So you can better imagine yourself with her . I dare you to say it isn't true! I dare you !" He looked utterly stunned. "Okay. How long have you been mulling that over, sweetheart?" "Long enough." she chuckled bitterly. "We slipped. Our arrangement was neater before and I think…" "'Cause we don't have an arrangement anymore." he interrupted. "This isn't just about sex." He was clearly annoyed at having to spell that out and he sat back against the wall. "You're going to catch a cold." he grumbled, tugging the sheets and blankets on her naked body. She accepted it because she was freezing but she couldn't help but stare at him even as she brought the sheets to her chin. He rubbed his face and drew out a long sigh. "I want to have sex with you when I speak with her because when she's not talking shit about you, she's trying to hook me up with one of her friends. She feels guilty about what happened to me, us . She wants me to find someone so we're sort of even and she hates the Capitol even more than Jo does, she doesn't get what I see in you. She has her reasons, I won't dispute her the right but it's my life and I do what I want with it." "But you don't want to look at me when…" she started to argue. "You come quicker from behind when we're really rough." he cut her off with a shrug. "And I'm not in the best mood which means we're rough every time and I wanted you to enjoy it anyway. I didn't know you minded." "I don't." she whispered. "I just… I thought you were…" "You should have said something." he accused. "I'm shit at this and you know it." This being feelings , she supposed, or relationship or whatever the term. It left her slightly dizzy. "I was scared if I said anything I would lose you for good." she confessed. "You have loved her for… I know what she means to you. I've known for years I would only ever be her replacement if even that and now…" "You're no one's replacement." he scoffed. "You're you . You're annoying and impossible and I am angry with you almost all the time but then what ? At the end of the day I trust you completely. I don't trust that many people and not to that extent. I want you. I…" He faltered but she didn't need him to finish. She surged forward, letting the sheets and blankets pool in her lap, coiled her hands around his neck and pulled him in a kiss that left her so out of breath she saw stars. Then she kissed him again and again. She was violent and relentless in her attacks. He chuckled in her mouth but lost his balance and they ended up in a heap on the bed. He slowed the kiss down until it morphed from messy to lazy. "We're not three in this thing." he insisted against her lips. "There's you and me only." "I like the sound of that." she grinned, pulling him closer, trapping him between her legs. " You and me. " He tossed the blankets over them both and she had no objections to that because Thirteen was always cold and those compartments felt like fridges. "Who would have thought…" he mocked. "Effie Trinket begging for missionary. You're the one who complained I wasn't creative enough." "Classics have their merits sometimes." she argued. "And I didn't say that, I said other positions than the missionary existed and it was ages ago." "Too bad I'm old, sweetheart." he snorted. "I wouldn't mind reviewing the classics." He dropped a trail of hot kisses down her throat. He peppered her chest with them and continued on his way down, diving under the covers. "What are you doing?" she panted. He was making hot and bothered and… He peered out of the covers long enough to flash her a smug smirk. "You didn't have much fun, that's not very well behaved of me. I'm told I should be more of a gentleman…" She had nothing against him being more of a gentleman. He worshipped her body that night, clearly making up for the weeks of anguish, and the afterglow lasted so long she didn't even mind Mable making a beeline for him at breakfast the next day, one of her friends in tow. The friend was blond, all blue eyes and thin and Mabel wasn't even trying to be subtle. Haymitch was polite – barely – and Effie flashed an apologetic smile when he dragged her away to get in line for their food. She looped her arm around his like she had done a thousand times before and discreetly leaned against him. He shot her a mildly annoyed look but tolerated it. "It is terribly shallow of me but I love that you are mine." she purred. His eyes softened. "Should never have doubted, sweetheart." If people were puzzled by the maniac grin she sported all day, well… She didn't think it was any of their business. There was too little happiness to be found in that place. She would cling to hers.