Sal's words come back to her and she pushes herself away from him, horrified that she gave them (who is them? What is them? She is so confused. She is so terrified) the leverage they needed over her. "You're okay." She murmurs. He nods. "I'm fine. Effie." He says her name as if it physically pains him and she closes her eyes and thinks back to the night before the reaping when everything was perfect. "Sal told me to stay away from you and I don't know who he thinks he is-" And just like that a coldness settles over her again. Dread seeps into her heart. In the distance she can hear a scream and she thinks it's her imagination. She thinks it's her nightmares coming back to haunt her in every aspect of her life, until she sees Haymitch and his mother startle. Her own mother rushes into the house, eyes full of tears. "Effie," she chokes out, "Effie, you need to come. It's…oh goodness, Effie, it's Sal." Effie follows in a hurry until they reach the outskirts of the Victor's Village. She can feel Haymitch follow her, asking her things she can't answer. She can see the crowd before her, she can hear the people coming behind her. She pushes her way past people and she sees her father, pale-faced and holding her sister to his chest, shielding her from the sight. Effie's gasp gets caught in her throat but she manages a strangled shriek as she falls in front of the large tree where Sal's body is swinging in the cold breeze. " No ." She mumbles, grasping at the ground, " No. No. No. Sal, please. No ." " Effie!" She hears Haymitch yell and then she feels his arms around her, pulling her to him as she struggles against him. "Effie. Stop. Stop ! Effie, I love you . Stop fighting me ." " Don't." She snarls, pushing him away hard enough that he stumbles and falls into the crowd of people. " Don't. " Don't love me , she thinks, I'll only get you killed. She trips over her laces and leans her head against the tree, letting the tears fall. "I should have died." She whispers into the bark as the breeze carries her confession. (Have you ever heard of the story of the mockingjay? The mockingjays were left for dead but they survived and evolved. One day, you'll find that you survived and you'll be exactly what these Games need.) That afternoon, she marches into town and finds Maysilee's sister with her friends. Her eyes are wide and she looks so much like Maysilee, it physically pains Effie to look at her. She sees Haymitch in her peripheral vision as she walks up to her. She stands, fists balled at her sides and Effie almost wishes she would hit her. " Your sister," Effie chokes out, "wanted me to give you this." She puts the pin in her hand and Effie doesn't wait for an answer. She doesn't look at everyone staring at them. She doesn't look at Haymitch who looks at her with grey eyes that tell her he won't give up and eyes that proclaim in unspoken words, I love you. I love you. IloveyouIloveyou. She turns away and walks towards the Victor's Village, head held as high as she can stand and eyes on the large tree on the outskirts of the Victor's Village. ("The Games are war, Effie." Sal tells her on the roof the night before the games. "Do you know how to win a war, Effie?" Effie shakes her head. " You fight with fire. You light this entire place aflame and you burn it down because fire catches." " You want me to set fire to the arena?" Effie asks him. He shakes his head and stares out at the view underneath him. "No." He says, "When the time comes and you have to be patient but it will come, I want you to set fire to the Capitol.") When she gets home, she ignores her parents and her sister and grabs the white rose on the kitchen table, a pack of matches and stalks outside, back to the tree and stands underneath it. Sal's body has long since taken down and taken away. She throws the rose on grass underneath the tree and lights a match, throwing it to the ground and watches as it burns the rose, the grass and as flames lick the tree. I'll bide my time, Sal , Effie thinks as she stares at the flames, and then I'll burn the Capitol and Snow just for you. On the train, Effie Trinket awakes with a strangled gasp and Sal's name on her lips. Then she remembers where she is, who she is. She is not a Victor. She was never a tribute. She was never in a relationship with Haymitch. She wants to laugh until she cries and then she wants to cry until she vomits. She stumbles into her bathroom, opening her cabinets and pushing her make-up to the side until her fingers grasp a pin and she holds it to her chest, a mockingjay staring back at her. (Have you ever heard of the story of the mockingjay? The mockingjays were left for dead but they survived and evolved. One day, you'll find that you survived and you'll be exactly what these Games need.) Are you, are you Coming to the tree? They strung up a man, They say who murdered three. Strange things did happen here, No stranger would it be If we met at midnight in the hanging tree I hope you all liked it! I've had this idea in my head. Every dream will be an AU. Again, there will be some mistakes and I've taken liberty to change some things and I really hope they don't offend anyone! Thank you so much for sticking with it so far! MAD LOVE AND RESPECT, BB