"Do I, at least, get a hint?" she asked, as Haymitch helped her out on a particularly slippery slope. "It's something you never did before." he taunted, snickering with the kids about it as if it was all a big joke. She was annoyed until they arrived at the frozen lake and she understood what they had in mind. "Ice skating?" "Don't worry, it's safe." Katniss immediately assured. "I tested it earlier." "I'll hold your hand." Haymitch teased in a low voice, once the kids had gone back to their chatting. "Keep you steady." He was so cocky, she humored him, putting on the skates with fake reluctance and letting him help her to the pond. "Go slow." he advised. "We don't want you breaking a leg now, Princess…" "Haymitch…" she hummed, clinging to his hand. "Yeah?" he mumbled, distracted by the kids who were gliding further away. Peeta was unsteady on his skates and Katniss was helping him, holding to his hands. "It is absolutely cute you think I don't know how to ice skate." she grinned. "What?" he frowned. She burst out laughing and then she was gone, dashing away on the ice, outstretching her arms wide to feel the wind just like when she was a child. She wasn't as steady as she used to be though and it wasn't long before she lost her balance and waved her arms like a bird trying to take flight. Her grandfather wasn't there to catch her but Haymitch did, grabbing her around the waist and trapping her against his chest. "You held out on me." he accused. "I used to love this." she confessed, using him as leverage to get her balance back. She skated around him a little more carefully. He watched her with a smirk on his lips and she grinned wider. The children were laughing in the distance, too focused on having their own fun to care about what they were doing. She stopped in front of him, searching his grey eyes. "What is your favorite thing, Haymitch? The one thing in the whole world you can't bear to lose?" She had waited to ask this question again. She had been scared of the answer maybe but right now felt like the perfect moment. "Liquor?" he deadpanned. Her smile froze on her lips and she turned away before he could see the pain on her face. She didn't go far before he grabbed her wrist and pulled her back to him, his eyes briefly glancing up to make sure Katniss and Peeta were still busy and weren't watching. He wrapped his arms around her and she locked hers around his torso without thinking twice about it. His stubble caught on the wool of her hat when he leaned to whisper in her ear. "This, right now. You and the kids. Safe. Happy." She framed his face and kissed him hard on the mouth. He blinked when she drew back, immediately checking the children weren't watching but they were doing their own share of kissing and very much not paying them any attention. His cheeks were a little flushed but she couldn't tell if it was the kiss or the cold. "Thank you." she giggled. "You just made me a real princess." He lifted his eyebrows, fondness and amusement fighting on his face. "Good time as any to break the hard truth to you, sweetheart. Fairytales aren't real." She pursed her lips at his gentle mocking but didn't let this dampen her spirits. "True love feels like a fairytale." she smiled. "It hurts sometimes. But that's how you know it's real." He tugged her woolen hat a little lower, making sure it was covering her ears. "I'm missing something, yeah?" "I will tell you one day." she promised. "But for now, let me gloat, because my twelve year old self is punching the air. Well… That would be very unladylike but… You did break my heart when you vowed you would never love a girl like me, and look at you now…" "Never said anything about love now, did I?" he grumbled but didn't dispute the point further, shaking his head at her. "You're not making any sense, Princess. Not sure why I'm surprised though, you're never making any sense." "This is the best Christmas ever." she laughed, pulling on his scarf to steal another kiss just because she could. "And you are my favorite thing. You and the children. My family ." A family who accepted her for who she was and never requested her to be perfect. Perfect didn't exist between them, they were all more or less suffering from PTSD. Perfect wasn't what it was about. They were and forever would be a team. This was unconditional and suffered no reservations. "And I thought your favorite things was this trick of mine with…" he taunted but she didn't let him finish. "Please, don't spoil this moment with your crude jokes." she cut him off. "I have been waiting for it since I was eight." He lifted his hands in a defensive gesture, still smirking. "It's been a while since I've seen you this happy." he commented. He tried to sound detached but she saw through it. "I am happy." she answered the unspoken question. "Or, at the very least, I think I can learn how to be happy again." "Does that mean you're staying then?" he asked uncertainly. She thought back to the suitcases she had yet to completely unpack but she didn't have to think about it for long. Not when they were standing on a frozen pond, with skates on their feet and he had just declared she was his favorite thing. "Yes." she smiled. "Yes, I am staying." His smirk was threatening to stretch into a full smile and his eyes were twinkling with contentment. "Maybe you've got a point then. I had worse Christmas." She wrapped her arms around his neck, chuckling in his ear. There were worse Christmases indeed.