not kind just to feel better about himself. Peeta is truly kind, he likes to do whatever he can to help people, it doesn't matter if he knows them or not... To me, his kindness is his most endearing quality." I lose myself talking about Peeta. I start remembering all the moments I had with him and what I've learned about him in those moments; I even forget that I'm impaired when it comes to words and say all this with a smile and with a sense of longing, like when I told Peeta the story about how I bought Prim's goat, Lady. "He is so honorable, so true to himself. He knows exactly who he is and he wants to preserve that. And even after everything we've been through, he still manages to be innocent. He reminds me of Prim, in that sense." Then I remember the time when I tried to take Prim hunting and she couldn't kill the animals, wanting to take them home and nurse their wounds, even if it meant being without food; I can't help but compare it to that night on the roof, when Peeta told me that his identity was more important to him than doing anything for survival. But I stop with that train of thought; I can't afford to think of Prim right now, it hurts too much. "Peeta is patient, especially when it comes to me, and we all know I have a horrible temper. He has the ability to keep his head during a difficult situation, always knowing the right thing to say. He can always make me laugh, no matter how hard things are. He has his own issues, but he can always put them aside when there's something more important at risk, which is more than I can say for myself." I say thinking of our first games, when I was making a point of keeping my distance from him and even losing my temper with him and how he never gave up on helping me in spite of that; thinking about all those nights in the train when I would wake up from a terrible nightmare and he'd patiently hold me and whisper soothing words in my ear until I stopped crying. I don't mention how safe he makes me feel or how I can only get an entire night's sleep when I'm in his arms. Those moments are mine and Peeta's, no one else's, it feels wrong to share them. "I'm not saying he's perfect, he's not, but Peeta is just… better. He just makes everything better. He makes me want to be better." I finish. I can't talk anymore, I'm surprised I was able to say that much. I'm glad I was too lost in memories of Peeta to mind too much that Finnick and all of Panem were listening to what I was saying. It occurs to me that I'll never make new memories with Peeta, these are the last ones I'll ever have… I finally look up at Finnick. He has a look of comprehension in his eyes, as if he's just understood something. Then he blinks, grins and says "Well, and you can't complain about that pretty little baby face, with those blue eyes and blond hair, can you? He's not as good looking as I am, but I'll give him a little bit of credit. I mean, we can't expect everyone to live up to my standard of beauty." Finnick says while running his fingers through his hair and giving me a wink, instantly making me roll my eyes and chuckle, lightening up the conversation after all this emotionally charged moment. I'm about to say something that'll shut him right up when we hear a noise and snap our heads in its direction, both of us reaching for our weapons. We sigh in relief when we realize it's just Peeta and Johanna waking up to relieve us from our watch. Peeta helps me to my feet. I hug him and, in a rare demonstration of affection brought by the feelings that surfaced during that conversation with Finnick, I give Peeta a light kiss on the lips. "What was that for?" He asks me with a grin. "That was for being you." I smile lightly at him and go lie down on the sand, leaving Peeta standing there a little confused, but smiling lightly. Finnick lies down next to me and when I turn to look at him, he says seriously "I'll help you keep him alive as best as I can, Katniss." "Why would you do that?" I ask warily. "Because I know what it's like. I have someone that I love back home too." He says and turns, closing his eyes; in a few minutes he is sleeping soundly. I stay there stunned by his words, wondering if he could be right, if I really do love Peeta. Then I shake my head and remember I'm supposed to be trying to sleep, we are still in the games after all and I need to stay alert tomorrow in order to protect Peeta. There's no point thinking about this anyway. I roll onto my back and stare at the sky, thinking about Finnick's promise, wondering if I can trust him to help me when I know there's something he's not telling me; wondering why he would even help me if he has someone he loves and wants to go back to. In spite of all my doubts, I decide to follow my instincts and trust him. If Haymitch arranged this alliance, he must've had a good reason to do so and that old drunk hasn't failed me yet. I hope you're right about this, sweetheart ; I think right before falling asleep. Author's Note: Reviews? Pretty please? I'll give you a cookie! And please have mercy on me! Oh, and please, forgive any grammar mistakes, english is not my first language. In fact, forgive all of my mistakes. :D