hovering over the trigger. "Which one of you hit the alarm? Huh?" He pointed the gun at Madge and Haymitch, but no one said a word. They had all taken the same training classes which emphasized waiting until the robbers had left and the door had been locked before alerting the police. Safety of their employees was a lot more important than stolen money. (Peeta's mother, CEO of Capitol Savings would claim otherwise, but luckily, she was in the minority.) Peeta thought of Delly hidden away in the staff kitchen or bathroom. She had access to her cell phone. She could have called them. Fuck. "Alright, looks like one of you is coming for a ride," Marv said. His head swiveled as he studied each person before his gaze settled on Katniss. "You. Little Miss Sunshine. Let's go." "Hey, wait," Peeta said. He threw his arm out, blocking Katniss from standing up. "You can take me." "Peeta," she whispered. "No." C stalked over, grabbed Katniss's arm, and yanked her to her feet. She winced from the pain. "No," Peeta said, standing up too. His voice sounded weak, so he repeated himself, stronger this time. "You can't take her." "I'm not sure if you've noticed," C said, "but I have the gun. So I get to do whatever the fuck I want." This time, instead of just pointing the gun at Peeta, he pressed it to Peeta's forehead. The metal was cold, but it felt like fire against his skin. He couldn't think, couldn't breathe. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Haymitch with an arm across Madge. Tears slipped down her cheeks. "You move again, and I will put a bullet in your head. Do you understand?" "Ye-yes," Peeta stuttered out. His eyes followed Katniss, who was already being swept away by Marv. It hit Peeta, then, that if he let her go, this would be it. He would never see her again. Even if she somehow survived the ordeal, she wouldn't be the same Katniss Everdeen he had been slowly getting to know over the past year. He couldn't let that happen. They couldn't have her. He wouldn't let them. And finally, he knew what he had to do. "My name is Peeta Mellark," he announced. C scoffed and muttered, "Who the fuck cares?" but the other one, the one who was clearly in charge, clearly the mastermind behind this robbery, froze. "Mellark," he said, sounding out the word. "Like, a relation of Deborah Mellark?" "Peeta, no," Madge whispered. He barely heard her over the pounding of his heart. "Like her son," Peeta said. "Take me instead. I'm a hell of a lot more valuable." "ID, now," the second man ordered as he shoved Katniss into C's arms. She tripped over her flip flops and would have hit the ground if C didn't catch her. "Quickly." Peeta yanked his wallet out of his pocket and held it up so his license was in clear view. The second man grinned. "Looks like we got two hostages now." "What? No!" Peeta said. "Leave her behind." The sirens grew louder as Marv dragged him out the door. Katniss and C were in front of him. A police car pulled up as Katniss was pushed into the backseat of a van. Marv slung an arm around Peeta's chest, spun them around, and fired several shots at the approaching police car. The car swerved sharply to the left, and Peeta knew the officer was hit. He thought he saw a passenger grab the wheel, but then he was in the van, and the door was shut, and his ears were ringing. The tires of the van squealed as it jerked into the midafternoon traffic. "Are there handcuffs?" C asked. Marv rolled his eyes. A new voice from the front seat yelled out, "Why the hell would we have handcuffs?" "For hostages?" "Why the fuck do we have two hostages?" the voice demanded. "That wasn't part of the plan." "Relax," Marv said. "There's a better plan now." He yanked on Peeta's tie. "Take it off." Peeta tried to undo his tie, but his hands were shaking. Too much was happening at once, and it was as if his brain was suffering from sensory overload. He couldn't concentrate on one other thing, no matter how simple it was. "Here," Katniss said softly. She inched closer to him. She smelled so good, so impossibly good, like the wind and grass. Like the outdoors. Like freedom. It made him want to scream. She wasn't supposed to be there. Neither of them was. "Good. Use it as a blindfold," Marv said. Katniss shot him a horrified look. "Not on you, Sunshine. On him." Marv jerked the gun in Peeta's direction as if to emphasize his point. "Sorry," Katniss whispered. She leaned closer and wrapped the tie around his eyes before knotting it at the back of his head. The world went black as her fingertips lingered in his hair, smoothing it down beneath the makeshift blindfold. "What about Katniss?" C asked. There was a long pause. Finally, Marv said, "She'll close her eyes like a good girl, or I'll shoot her in the fucking face. How's that?" Peeta's hand shot out in search of hers. He found it clenched around the seat. Gently, he pried it away and held it in his lap. He rubbed circles across her knuckles, which was as much a comfort to him as he hoped it was for her. Traffic quieted. The world was reduced to the sound of the men breathing, to the feeling of Katniss's trembling body. They switched vehicles, Peeta stumbling blindly. The sharp scent of gasoline filled his nostrils, and he had to hope it was for the van and not for him. They scrambled into a car, Peeta wedged between Katniss and one of the bank robbers. The car turned on, and Peeta heard the click of the locks. They drove. And drove. And finally, they stopped.