they finally had a yard big enough for one. He asks them to write back, and Ms. Greene gives them time during class to write their own letters to him. She's not sure what to write, because she's not sure he really wants a letter from her. They were friends, but only really in G&T, and he sounds like he has a new life that he's happy with. So she keeps her letter short and just says a few general things about what they're doing in G&T now. To her surprise, he writes her back a week later. And it's a long letter, with a story about how dumb but lovable their dog is, how his brothers already have new girlfriends, how he misses G&T. She writes back a couple of weeks later, with a little bit of a longer letter this time, and he writes back again. Again, she's surprised, but she knows it won't last. At the end of second grade, when her best friend Vicky had moved away, she'd written to her for about four months before one of them and then the other had stopped. And that was with her best friend, who was supposed to be her best friend forever. Peeta was just her G&T friend. It does last, though, all the way through the summer and into fifth grade and the summer after. She sometimes takes a couple of months to write back, but she always does, and he always responds. Sixth grade She starts middle school, and it's awful. All of her friends, and pretty much all of the girls in her grade, suddenly look all grown up. Her parents think that makeup is only for actual grownups and that clothing should be inexpensive and functional, so she knows she'll just continue looking like she's still in elementary school. Her friends don't reject her or anything; they're still her friends, but they don't compliment her hair and clothes like they do each other's, and she never gets asked what she thinks about someone's new shoes or what she's going to wear to so-and-so's birthday party. Some of her friends even start going out with boys. Billy Perkins, whom she's known since kindergarten, who never really bothered her, suddenly starts taunting her. "Oh, Katniss, will you please, please go out with me? You're so pretty, Katniss; I like you so much," he says every time he passes her. Every time, she rolls her eyes and tries to act like he's beneath her notice. Eventually, he gets bored and stops, but it takes a few weeks. She gets a letter from Peeta. He tells her about his new middle school, and how he has an amazing art teacher, and how he's having fun playing on the soccer team, and how he joined the drama club and it made him think of her. He asks her how she likes her new school. She doesn't know how to respond, so she doesn't write back. At Christmas, she gets a card from him. There's a photo of him next to the set he helped design for drama club. He has a cooler haircut now. "Wish you were here to help me with my lines again," the card says. "Hope you're having a great year. Write back soon!" She wants to write back, but she doesn't want to write back. She knows that if he hadn't moved away, they wouldn't be friends anymore anyway. In the spring, he sends her another letter. This one, if possible, is even more filled with all the cool things he's doing, as if he's trying to make her feel bad. At the end, he says, "You're probably really busy, so just write me when you have time!" She does have time, but she knows she can't write him. Seventh grade One day at the mall, she thinks she sees him – it's his floppy blond hair, his build, his untucked T-shirt and worn jeans. She freezes. But then he turns around, and it's not him. The week before Christmas she wonders if he'll send her a card this year. He doesn't. Eighth grade She can't keep from thinking of him when Prim starts G&T with Ms. Greene and starts doing the same kinds of things she used to do with Peeta and the others. Melissa, Lizzie, and Bobby are mere acquaintances now, and she thinks about how it's good that Peeta moved away when he did. It would be hard to have to see him hanging out with the jocks, not acknowledging her in the hallways, when she's being hit with memories of how they once were. Twelfth grade She goes on her first date, with a boy from her history class, and then a couple more with the same boy. On their fourth date, he finally kisses her, open-mouthed. She's shocked at how slimy it feels. College She starts her first year at the state university, and even though a lot of people from high school are there too, as well as a lot of people who are just like the people from high school, there are also a lot of people who are different. There's no dominant group or dominant way of being, she realizes. Instead, there are lots of subcultures that mostly ignore each other but sometimes intersect. She finally feels free. Then, one night she has a dream about Peeta. She can't remember what it was about, but they were in the library for G&T. Mostly she just remembers his hair in his eyes. He says something to her, but when she wakes up she can't remember what it was. A year and half later, she dreams about him again. This time she's in the middle of the Olympics of the Mind, with her blindfold on. He's sending her signals, but she keeps getting them wrong, and she walks into a pod. She wakes up. She sits down at her computer and types his name into the search bar.