might have been embarrassed by the loud moan that escaped her. " Fuck me." she begged, long past any sense of pride. "Thought you were all about manners, Princess…" he mocked, his fingers teasing her by slowly brushing against her clit, not putting on enough pressure for her to even hope getting off. "A bit rude, that…" Of all the men in the world, she had to end up having a one-night-stand with one who got his kicks out of torturing her with pleasure… That was her kind of luck. " Fuck me, please." she answered dutifully, and a bit desperately, trying and failing to rub herself on his hand. Anything at that point. "Please. Please. Please ." She heard him lick his lips and take a deep breath and it occurred to her it might ask a lot of restrain of him to not just simply take her then and there. The muscles of his shoulders were almost shaking with how tense he was. "How do you want it, sweetheart?" he asked. His voice was a bit different this time, less playful and more… Serious , maybe. As if he was really asking for directions, for boundaries not to cross. She wasn't in any state to understand or appreciate that though. " Now , you… You…" she stammered. "Asshole?" he suggested, chuckling a little. " Yes !" she snapped. "Oh, I hate you… I hate …" Two fingers were pushed into her and whatever she was going to say ended up in gibberish as he pumped them in and out. "More." she demanded. "Please. More ." "How do you want it?" he insisted, biting down on her collarbone and immediately licking the sting of it away. "Hard." she panted. " Hard ." "See? Wasn't so difficult to say, yeah?" he snorted, taking his fingers away and guiding himself to her opening. She closed her eyes, readying herself for what would come next… And let out a whine of frustration when she felt herself being abruptly placed down on her own two feet. " Shit ." he spat. Cold swooped down on her sweaty skin, leaving goose bumps on her arms and legs, and she wrapped her arms around herself, unsure what was going on. He was crouching over his clothes and she didn't understand what had gone wrong, why he would get dressed and leave before they even got to… It was only when he pulled his wallet out of his coat and a square silver package out of the wallet that she understood and relaxed, blaming herself for not thinking about it first. Sex with a stranger was crazy enough. Unprotected sex? What was going on with her tonight? He did a quick job of putting the condom on and then he was right back there. It could have been uncomfortable because the mood had shifted a little – and it was a bit – but when he lifted her right thigh up she didn't hesitate in pulling him closer. And when he hooked his elbow under her knee and finally entered her, she hissed in bliss. He was careful at first and for that she was glad, because he was big and she needed a few seconds to adjust. "Move." She wacked his ass as soon as she was ready, the sound of slapped flesh echoing hard in the silent house. He drew his head back from her neck long enough to lift a challenging eyebrow and she flashed him an innocent grin. "Two can play that game." He pulled himself back almost all the way before slamming home in one short thrust, making her clutch his shoulders for purchase. Her legs were already trembling and she wasn't sure she would manage to stay up for long. After a few erratic thrusts, they found a rhythm that worked for both of them. Fast and violent. And it wasn't long before she came, hard, muffling her scream in his shoulder. It didn't take much more to trigger his own release. They remained against the wall for a while, trying to catch their breath and huddling together for warmth because the air on their cooling skins was very uncomfortable. Eventually, he stepped back and that was when the awkwardness set in. He cleared his throat and rubbed his neck before pulling his pants and underwear up. "So… You're leaving tomorrow?" "Yes." she nodded, her eyes darting everywhere but to his face. That was how she spotted the long scar on his stomach, probably the reason why he had been reluctant to take off the undershirt. It was an angry white on his tanned skin and very swollen. It looked old but… "I wanted a quiet place for a few days but this town might be a little too quiet. I am a city girl, I am afraid." He was quick at getting dressed. He was back in his clothes and she was still standing there stark naked. She bent down to grab her nightgown but he was quicker, he snatched it from the floor and placed it in her hands, letting his fingers linger. "It's a boring place but there are good people." he said. "If you need quiet… It's a good place to be. Give it a shot." His grey eyes fell on her mouth and he didn't really hesitate before following that statement with a kiss. It was soft compared to everything that had happened between them. And it shook her to the core. "Bye, sweetheart." "My name is Effie ." she protested. "Not likely to forget." he snorted. "Or you ." She wasn't quite sure how to answer that. Not that she had to. With a last farewell peck, he was out the door. For the first time in months, she slept like a baby the whole night. The next morning, she looked up flights but didn't book any. Very long chapter haha! What did you think? Did you like it? Hate it? Let me know!