of sleep because of the horrible nightmares that tortured her. He would get into her room and hold her tight, comforting her, until the tears dried out and she was too tired to keep her eyes open. There was the water too. They lived in District Four and it was everywhere around them. But Annie didn't see it as the element she grew up in anymore; no, for her it was a fatal compound of hydrogen and oxygen which took the lives of so many people but for some reason spared hers. Finnick would take her to the beach and grab her delicate but strong hands, with scars from fishhook wounds on her knuckles and gently pull her towards him into the sea. He would usually keep it at knee level, but some days she was fine and they walked a bit further; others she would scream after a few steps, throw herself into his arms and cry for him to get her out. Snow destroyed his life once again. He heard his name being read from a little piece of paper at the Quarter Quell reaping and it was like living in his worst nightmare; though there was no waking up. Just when he thought things couldn't get worse, he heard Annie's name being called and she heard her scream. It was nothing compared to her scream in the Arena, but it still made his heart sink and had him want to run to her and hug her, or try to convince everyone it was a mistake. He quickly understood it was not a mistake, though, so he started making plans in his head, plans about how he would manage to get her out of the Games for the second time, even if it meant he would have to give his life in the process. Annie would live, end of story. But his planning was interrupted by an old grey-haired woman who walked in front of Annie, raising her hand and muttering something very few could hear. "It turns out we have a volunteer!" the escort announced and as soon as Annie was done hugging Mags, he approached the woman and hugged her gently. Mags, he's kind, lovely Mags. She was his family when he stopped having one, she made sure he didn't lose his life before and now she was making sure he wouldn't lose his whole world. Even if she had to sacrifice herself. Then there was his interview with Caesar, where he recited his poem and, despite the whole situation, had to suppress a smile as he saw all those women in the audience faint, thinking it was about them. They would never know, they could never understand, these shallow vain people, that there was such a thing as true love. That the Capitol sweetheart who had slept with half of the city's female population and flirted with the whole of it, wasn't as flirtatious and careless as he looked like. That Finnick Odair was in love with a mad girl from District Four instead of a famous rich lady from the Capitol. He liked to consider that as a small act of defiance. The real act of defiance came later though. Save the Mockingjay, that was the order. And so he did. He became her ally and she helped her survive in one of the most challenging arenas ever made. She heard her laugh when they finally managed to get some relax time on the beach and she heard her screams during the jabberjay attack. Oh, that attack. She ran towards Annie's screams on impulse and of course he understood it was just the birds after a while. But still, it was the most heart wrenching hour of his life, hearing her scream and not being able to react. After all, jabberjays just say exactly what they hear, and where did they hear Annie's screams? In the Capitol possibly, where she was held a prisoner while Finnick was in District Thirteen. He couldn't function without her. He couldn't think properly, having in mind that she was locked up in a cell somewhere, while he was so far away from her. He tied knots on a rope to keep himself sane and it sort of worked. But one day the others went on a mission. And all of them came back, but all he could focus on was the woman at the end of the corridor, shouting his name and running towards him. Annie crashed into him and they fell onto a wall and then they collapsed on the floor, neither willing to let go. There must have been other people there too, but he didn't care, he was so past the point of caring. Annie was there and he was there and they were both alive. So they got married. There was no formal proposal. They were just lying in bed one night, her head on his chest, hearing his steady heartbeat and he asked her, simple as that. They got married in borrowed clothes, with a foreign priest, in a District that supposedly didn't exist, but it still was the best day of his life. Annie's complete happiness afterwards made a constant smile appear on his face and he knew that their lives could be better, but at that moment he wouldn't change a thing. … But that one time, Finnick Odair, back then just an eleven-year-old who laughed too loudly, actually paid attention to his grandpa's words. Pulling the net tightly with his strong hands, he looked at the older man who was focused as always on his work, the one that brought up generation after generation, he calmly replied. "Then I will make it a life worth re-watching." Author's Note: This is my first Hunger Games fanfic ever. I just love Finnick and Annie as a couple and after watching Catching Fire my feels rose to the surface again. I hope you enjoyed this and as always, some reviews would be great!