of the color of my skin." "And also those blue eyes that make you look so innocent." He stares at her. Did she really just say something about his eyes? "Uh, yeah, I guess," he says. She looks down and bites her lip. "M-my sister has them too," she mumbles, still not looking at him. "Blue eyes, I mean. And the blond hair too, actually. And she never got in trouble for anything. I was the only one who knew how evil she was." He laughs. He can't believe she's said this many words to him. She actually smiles then, but then catches herself and stops. "So, what — you're slumming it through Europe on your parents' dime before you go back and face the real world?" "Actually, I only have a week to travel; I'm going home in four days. I was working near Madrid teaching English to businessmen—" ugh , he thinks, she's going to think he uses sexist language — "and women," he hastens to add. "I mean, there were women at the school too, but my students all happened to be men" he says, and she's looking at him like he has two heads again. "Anyway. The pay was pretty good, so I decided to use some of it to do a little traveling, but I have to get back to the States so I can work some more before school starts." He can't believe she's still listening to him, so he continues, "What about you? How long will you be here?" "About a week more. I, um, just graduated too, and my job starts in two weeks. In, um, in Boston." Did she just voluntarily tell him that she's soon going to be living an hour's train ride from him? he wonders. No, that must have just been conversational filler, he tells himself. Suddenly, Haymitch appears in front of them, smirking. "I see you two are getting along swimmingly," he says, in a perfect North American accent. He feels like he's back in that David Mamet movie. "Wait, you speak English?" he blurts out. Haymitch lets out another guffaw and claps him on the back. "Sorry, boy, it was just too much fun to watch you squirm." "Oh my god," he says with a half-laugh and shakes his head. Haymitch is still laughing. "That was the most fun I've had in a while. And I wasn't even drunk." He looks at Katniss, who's looking down at the table and appears to be fighting a smile. She's also made no move to get up from the table, even though he'd finished using her cellphone long ago. Granted, he notes, there aren't any other customers in the place anymore, but he's sure she would have found something else to do if she didn't want to be sitting here with him. It figures that she's finally warming up to him just when he needs to leave. Maybe he can ask for her e-mail address, on the pretext of getting some tips from her about places to go in Boston. "I — I guess I should go to the station and wait for that fax and see when the next train is," he says, reluctantly. "Oh, did Katniss here forget to tell you?" Haymitch asks. "'Course she did." He grins. "She's heading to Rome tomorrow; I'm sending her down there to pick up some stuff from a buddy of mine. So why don't you tell your buddies you'll meet them tomorrow, and you can crash on my couch and ride down with her in the morning." He sees that Katniss is looking at the ground again. She's probably not a fan of this plan. "Oh, thanks so much, but I wouldn't want to impose." Katniss is still looking at the ground, and he's about to add that his friends will want him to meet them as soon as possible anyway, but then she speaks up. "It's not an imposition. You can make sure my uncle here doesn't hurt himself when he comes home drunk," she says, looking pointedly at Haymitch, "since I'll be at my grandmother's and won't be able to do it myself. And you might as well see Monteriano while you're here." And then she looks back at him, and he loses any further inhibitions about saying yes. "I'd really like that. Thanks so much. To both of you." He still can't believe he's going to get to spend more time with her. "Don't mention it," Haymitch snorts. "Like I've never been so drunk I ended up on the wrong train." "I wasn't drunk. My friend was just snoring so much I couldn't sleep — and I knew I'd wake up way before the train was supposed to get to Rome—" "Yeah, whatever, boy. I'll see you back at the house. She'll show you where it is." He gets up to grab a beer from behind the bar and raises it in their direction before walking out. Katniss is looking down at her hands but hasn't made any move to get up. "I wasn't drunk," he says. "I just — I just — was an idiot," he finishes ruefully. "Yeah, you were." And then she smiles. "But I bet I would've done the same thing. My little sister snores like a freight train. I used to share a bed with her when we were younger, but no way would I do that now." He laughs. Maybe he can get her to keep talking, he thinks. Maybe he should ask her if she wants to take a walk, to show him around. He'll go barefoot or wear these slippers, whatever she tells him to do. And then his stomach growls. "Sorry," he says. "You're hungry," she says. And something in the way she looks at him changes. "Starving," he replies, grinning sheepishly. She goes into the back room and comes back with a long, thin loaf of bread. "Here," she says, and tosses it for him to catch.