the gun. I just stepped up and let the Games fire me." He waves his hand around the fire, glancing over at a pair of off-duty Peacekeepers talking to two flirty young women. "Look at me now. Better than living in the Quarter, heh? Sometimes it's good to be a gun." I see why many people don't like this victor. Austin's cold view sends goosebumps across my arms, even in the warmth of the fire. I wonder if he even knew the names of the two kids he mentored this year. "Does everyone in the Capitol think like that? Like they have no responsibility?" I say. Malice infects my words as I tighten my grip on my knees. "You're an idealistic little thing, huh?" Austin says. "I know a lotta people don't like the Games. I'm not saying they're nice or whatever the Capitol calls 'em. Oh, yeah, a 'pageant of honor.' Not quite. People die. Not a whole lot of people from districts like ours want to volunteer to be a part of that. I get it." I spit into the fire. "It's not like we really have great odds. How many times have the volunteer kids from the inner districts won in a row?" "Seven. Ever since Enobaria in '62 and now up to Persephone this year. It might not look like we're trying, Summer, but Cal and I do. Every victor does, even if they're as drunk as a toddler with a beer." "Do you give toddlers beer often?" "When I want them to shut up, sure." He laughs and throws another log into the fire. "That's a good metaphor for life after the Games. You get all the money and laurels for winning, new trinkets and attention and experiences. You get the best medical attention around courtesy of the Capitol and you'll never be hungry. You're safe from the things that'll kill ya here. But there's a dark side for those who didn't go in knowing what they wanted." "Are you saying people should volunteer every year, or something?" I ask. "Nah. But I am saying that people shouldn't think of the Games either as damning or 'honorable'. It's a mixed bag." I rest my chin on my knee and gaze into the fire. "I wouldn't volunteer. Sorry." "Well, you're what, fifteen?" he says with a shrug. "Sometimes the Games have a way of finding you. Maybe that's my way, where you've got nothing to lose. Or maybe it's because you're Reaped, and you've got no choice. It's a big district, and you don't need no tesserae, but I wouldn't start thinking too far ahead if I were you. Four more years of Reapings is a long time." Austin stands up and wipes dirt off his pants. He stuffs his harmonica in his pocket, tosses another log on the fire, and says, "I'm going to go get the Peacekeepers drunk. Have a little fun with my evening. Now I know you, Summer Glenn. That's all I wanted." He walks off without another word. I stare after him, wondering what to make of Austin Ortega. I don't understand his views. Volunteering for the Hunger Games is unthinkable in my eyes – not when I can work my father's ranch and live here without too many worries. Sure, Austin doesn't worry about anything anymore, besides what happens once a year in the arena. But why take that chance? Why risk everything on a slim chance of winning everything? Holly walks up with a smile plastered on her face. She sits down next to me and points towards Austin's retreating figure, saying, "Were you talking to him?" "Yeah," I say. "You know Austin?" "No. Well, I do now." "Isn't he interesting?" Holly says with a glimmer in her eye. "I wonder what it'd be like to be him, to be able to go to the Capitol or any of the districts whenever he wants. Just to have all that…stuff." Funny. I wonder what it'd be like to be my sister. She has her whole life planned out: No more Reapings, no more chances to become Austin Ortega – or the tributes he watches get killed every year. She's got the family ranch all laid out for her to take over when my parents grow old, and she's one of the more popular girls this side of the river. She really doesn't have any worries, just like Austin – except she's never killed a person. She's never been the gun. Like Austin said, that possibility's still in my future. I've never thought much about being picked for the Games besides the past three Reaping Days that I've been eligible for. I've never thought about what it would be to step in front of the nation, to put myself on display, to open up every nook and cranny in my guarded soul for the crowd to ooh and aah over before waging war against twenty-three other kids in the exact same situation. I shake away the thoughts. Better to stay here. Better to stay in front of the fire in this district. Maybe it's a slow life, maybe it's a tad too predictable, but that certainty has its benefits. It's not a bad life on this side of the river in District 10. It could be worse. As Austin said, taking the dive into the Games has a dark side to it. Author's note: Thanks for reading chapter 1! I'm always open to questions, comments, critiques, or whatnot, so feel free to open up about what you think any time while reading the story. I've taken some minor creative liberties with the Capitol and Panem for the story's effect, but nothing drastic. Just spicing up the Hunger Games with a little flair here and there. The Hunger Games, Panem, the Districts, the Capitol, President Snow, Finnick Odair, Enobaria, Gloss, Glimmer, and all proprietary characters belong to Suzanne Collins. Rated T for violence, suggestive and aggressive themes, and the occasional swear word.