one was that Haymitch had bargained hard with Coin to secure her immunity. "The doctors said… Well, they said her body was too damaged." "I see." Larcher nodded, keeping a blank face. "I will need to access her medical file, which means we need to take her to the clinic. The bleeding has stopped for now but I would like to run some tests and keep her under watch for a couple of hours." "But what is it?" Haymitch frowned. "You have an idea, right? Is she going to be alright or…" He didn't miss the look Effie and the doctor exchanged. It was brief but Effie turned her head away. "I can't say for sure until we have the tests results." Larcher said. "I don't want to go to the hospital." Effie protested. "I just… I can't…" "You do what you have to do to be okay." Haymitch growled, before glaring at the doctor. "You have an idea. What is it?" The doctor pursed his lips, tapping his fingers on his bag. "Could you be pregnant, Miss Trinket?" "No." Haymitch answered at once. "I told you. Her body…" "Are you sexually active?" Larcher interrupted. Haymitch flushed red, opening and closing his mouth. "It is possible." Effie whispered, shocking him into silence. "You think I had a miscarriage. It felt like a miscarriage." He may or may not have let out a strangled noise that sounded like a whine. "What are you talking about? You can't have a miscarriage, you're not pregnant." He was ignored both by Effie and by the doctor. "I don't think it was a miscarriage, I don't see a mass or any clotting." Larcher replied in a soothing voice. "I think a pregnancy is a possible explanation. We need to run some tests and I need you at the clinic to monitor you for a few hours." She shook her head but the doctor grew sterner. "Be sensible, Miss Trinket. If you are not pregnant then we need to determine what is happening with your body. It is perfectly possible you are resuming a normal menstruation schedule. I need to study your medical history. And I can only do that at the hospital so… " "But she's not pregnant." Haymitch insisted, completely stunned. Larcher turned an understanding but slightly amused gaze in his direction. "Mr Abernathy, it would help a lot if I didn't have to deal with two patients tonight so, please, do take a breath before you faint and help Miss Trinket into something warmer. We will take my car. How's the pain now?" "Bearable." she answered. "The cramps have stopped." "Good. That's good." Larcher nodded. "But you can't be pregnant." he said again, as soon as the doctor had left the room. "I don't know." Effie sighed, slipping her stained nightgown over her head. "It felt like a miscarriage." "How would you know how that feels like?" he snapped. There was a vacant look in her eyes when she met his gaze. "I am so tired, Haymitch…" He shut his mouth and helped her get dressed. He had to support her down the stairs and into the car. The trip to the clinic wasn't that long but it felt like an eternity to him. It was only the beginning. Once they got to the small hospital, Effie was ushered away by nurses and it was almost twenty minutes before he was allowed to her side. She was awake, hooked to a drip, and looked more lucid, even though she reached for his hand as soon as she saw him. They had both come to hate hospitals with a passion after the war. He had spent too long waiting for her and Katniss to wake up. "You should have gotten dressed, Haymitch." she commented, clicking her tongue. It occurred to him he was still in his pajamas: a pair of loose sweatpants and a long-sleeved undershirt. He had even forgotten to put shoes on. There had been room for only one thing in his mind and it had been her. "Whatever happens, whatever's wrong with you…" he said quietly. "I forbid you to die, sweetheart. I'm the one who dies first, okay?" From liver failure, no doubt. "So you can play the grief-stricken widow. Perfect role for you. I won't be so good at it." "Don't say things like that." she hissed. They stayed silent for a while, gripping each other's hand and staring at the wall. Waiting . Haymitch hated waiting. "I have been feeling nauseous in the morning for a week or so." she confessed. "It passed after I had breakfast so I dismissed it." "You're not pregnant." he countered. That was absolutely too terrifying to be conceived, even more so than waking up to sheets stained with her blood. "Even if I was… I probably just lost it." she shrugged, turning her head away from him. "He said it wasn't that." he scowled. "It's not that. You're not pregnant anyway. Maybe it's just your… thing ." "Period." she corrected with a sigh. "Really, Haymitch, you are a grown man…" "Yeah, and grown men want nothing to do with a woman's period." he retorted. The bickering brought them back on familiar ground and they kept it up, grateful for the distraction, until Doctor Larcher approached them, a clipboard in his hands and a nurse hot on his heels. "So?" Haymitch challenged when the man remained silent for a second too long. Brown eyes darted from the woman lying on the bed to the victor sitting at her side, finally stopping on their entwined fingers. "Congratulations." Larcher said – and Haymitch desperately wished he could have blocked out the rest but he heard anyway. "You're expecting a child." Tadaaaaa! Did you like it? I know this trope has been done to death but I hope I can bring my own version of it... I hope you don't hate it! What did you think so far? I want to hear everything! Let me know!