and Cato walk beside each other in the hallways. They whisper to each other so softly that I cannot hear. I clench my fists and fantasize about ripping his throat out. [X] One day, I kick Cato out of class for no good reason. Most think I am throwing a temper tantrum or am in a bad mood. Monsters lash out that way. Clove sees through it and comes up to me after training. "Enobaria," Clove says, "I love you and I only love you and I will only ever love you and once I'm a victor I'm going to marry you and I will stud my Victor's crown with diamonds instead of a ring. And I will wed you in a white gown after my Victory Tour. You are my monster, whether you want that or not. He is my best friend and will never be anything more." I see the truth on her face, the pained downward curve of her lips, the ferocious fire in her eyes. Sighing, I rub my temples. "That doesn't sound bad," I say, my lips twitching. I almost smile. "I want you, fangs and all," Clove insists with a burning fire in her voice. Slowly, knowing how I doom myself but how I love it all the same, I walk to her, grab her by the neck and press her lips against mine. Gently, I bite down on her lower lip. She clings to me all night. [X] The Heads of the Academy choose Clove for the Games a year early. They think she has the best skill and the best chance of winning the 74th Hunger Games. I strongly agree. When I watch her walk to the stage and say into the microphone, "I, Clove Conium, volunteer as tribute," pride swells in my chest. Her eyes fall on me as Satin Athens holds her hand up and shows her off to the cameras and crowd. Then Cato comes up beside her. Brutus and I both found it foolish for the Heads to choose them both together. Friends are few and far between at the Academy and they both cared for each other like no other students did. My mentor and I do not believe they can kill each other. All the same, we have no choice. [X] I train her privately after she surveys the other tributes for a few days. I kiss her often, even if I know President Snow watches. I forget about rules because I know in a very short time she will be mine. [X] On the night before the Hunger Games, we lie in bed together. Satin Athens would wail over it and Brutus glowered. He suspected, of course, but now I did not care about concealing it from him. "I want you to know something," I say. "You make me want to live, Clove. Not survive; not exist. Live. You better feel the same way about me, soldier." "I do," Clove says without hesitation. I lie down and gaze up at her. Soon, I will wake up to her face every day. It will be the face of a famed and glorious victor. "If you die in that Arena, at least we're going to Hell together," I joke. Severely, Clove says, "Enobaria, we're not going to Hell. But wherever we go, we'll be together." I fall asleep with a small smile on my lips. Tonight, I do not have a single nightmare. [X] I hear her cannon fire and stand up. No one bothers to try to stop me as I walk away from the control room, my fists clenched and my teeth digging into my lower lip until they draw blood. As I sit in the bathroom, I keep my eyes closed for as long as I can. Then I open them and see someone repainted the world again. Clove is nothing but another pained memory. She is nothing but another fleeting dream. But if she was a dream… She was my first and only good one. After the war ends and the rebels win, I cannot figure out why I lived and so many died. Maybe monsters simply cannot be killed by such mortal means. As Panem rebuilds, I deteriorate. The rebellion doctors who shrink the heads of the Victors give me sleeping pills, and anti-anxiety tablets to replace alcohol. I get my hands on some painkillers from one the rebel hospitals in my home district. When I return to District Two, I sit at my kitchen table where I once—in what feels like another life—held a gun to my temple and then embraced being a monster. The full bottle of sleeping pills sits on the table in front of me. Beside it, the bottle of anti-anxiety medication. And, lastly, in the center, rests the bottle of painkillers. I get up and grab one of the bottles of water from the rations. When I unscrew the cap, I breathe my first sigh of relief since the 74th Hunger Games. To savor the moment, I take the painkillers one by one. Slowly, over the course of time, to the tune of construction outside. "You make me want to live, Clove. Not survive; not exist. Live." Then I take the sleeping pills one at a time. "You and I are nothing more than wicked monsters wearing human skins." Lastly, I devour the anti-anxiety tablets. "If you die in that Arena, at least we're going to burn in Hell together." "Enobaria, we're not going to Hell. But, wherever we go, we'll be together." I lie down on the sofa and close my eyes. The cold flooding my veins must be what dying feels like. It is an oddly pleasant sensation. When I open my eyes again, I see her above me, holding out her hand. "I want you with me," whispers Clove in her white gown and diamond crown. "Fangs and all." Without hesitation, I grab her wrist and let her pull me into eternity. e nd