the meet and greet after the show." "Seriously?" Katniss asked. She was certainly getting her money's worth now. "Annie and Prim will be so excited." "Annie?" Peeta asked. "She's my best friend and another huge fan. She's with us tonight." "Let me go get another pass for you." "Oh no, that's not necessary," Katniss said, almost stuttering through her sentence. Even though she had successfully conjured up the correct lyrics, residual embarrassment still lingered. Meeting celebrities was weird, even though it had been brief and everyone had been nice. And they were already doing so much for her. It was getting overwhelming. Besides, she hardly knew a thing about the group. Let the real fans meet them. She could wait in the lobby. "No, I insist. You should come back too." Was it her imagination, or was he blushing? Did famous guys even blush unless it was on cue? "Sure. I mean, it'd be good to have a neutral party to be the picture taker," she said. Peeta nodded. "Exactly. I'll give Prim a pass after she comes on stage. Just come to the door after the concert." "Thank you. Really." "It's no problem." Katniss watched him return to the room, trying and failing not to check out his ass. Was it a requirement in the entertainment industry that all male vocalists wear such tight pants? Because it was a good rule. "Oh, and Katniss?" Peeta asked, lingering in front of the open door. She blushed again, hoping he hadn't caught her staring. "You have a really pretty voice." Before she could formulate a response, the door was closing behind him. Had Peeta Mellark, a performer so talented he was reportedly making girls swoon across the country, just complimented her singing? Nothing about the past twenty minutes seemed real. "Coming, sweetheart?" Haymitch asked. She jumped. She had forgotten he was there. "Is there a problem?" she asked. "No crying. No screaming. No marriage proposals or attempts to tackle any of the guys, and yet somehow, I just know, you're going to cause me the most trouble." Katniss brushed her braid off her shoulder and walked past him. "I don't know what you're talking about." $75 to join the fan club. $287 for two fifth-row seats. $10 to park. Numerous sleepless nights worrying over how she was going to afford all this. And it was all worth it as soon as District*4 took the stage and Prim let out her signature high-pitched shriek. As the music played and Prim sang along to every song, Katniss finally stopped measuring the night in dollars and started enjoying herself instead. The money was already spent. It was gone. But Prim and Annie were here, and they were having a blast. While she was reluctant to admit it, Katniss was having a lot more fun than she expected. While the music wasn't exactly her taste—some of the lyrics were way too cheesy for her liking—it wasn't nearly as bad she originally thought. It also helped that Peeta Mellark wasn't too far away, pulling off complicated dance moves as he sang into a headset. And as it turned out, she very much liked his singing voice. She half wished the other guys would shut up, so she could just hear him. Five songs in, a tall, muscular security guard appeared at Katniss's side. "I'm looking for Prim," the man yelled over the noise. Katniss nodded and turned to her sister, who was currently jumping up and down to the beat of the song. "Prim!" Katniss tugged on her sister's arm. "I've got one more surprise for you." Prim gave her a quizzical glance, but didn't question her sister. She trusted Katniss. Always. Even if it meant getting up in the middle of a concert featuring her favorite band to follow a security guard up the aisle. "Where's she going?" Annie yelled. "You'll see." Two songs later, Peeta led Prim onstage. She was already crying. Katniss assumed the sobbing had begun as soon as she realized what was going on, but she had composed herself before it was time to come out. There were just a few tears now and an insanely wide grin. Annie's shriek rivaled Prim's. "Oh my god! How did you pull this off?" Katniss shrugged as if it was no big deal. She'd explain later. For now, she needed to take as many pictures as possible. Annie pulled out her phone and pressed record. Peeta sat Prim down on a chair in the center of the stage. The familiar melody of "Fall" flooded the venue, and Finnick began to sing. Peeta joined in on the chorus. All four members took turns serenading Prim whose usual pale skin was as red as Darius's hair. She was a mess of tears and laughter, but she hadn't looked that happy in a long, long time. When the song was over, she pulled out her cell phone, and the group took a selfie with her. Then, Finnick grabbed the phone and took a picture of Prim and Peeta facing backstage, so the crowd was their backdrop. Before Prim returned to her seat, Peeta announced that it was her fifteenth birthday. The guys led the crowd in a very enthusiastic rendition of "Happy Birthday," and tears stung Katniss's eyes. She blinked them away quickly, embarrassed at her sudden sentimentality, but she couldn't take her eyes off her baby sister. Prim was glowing, practically radiating happiness. It was all Katniss had wanted. Her gaze drifted to the handsome blond next to Prim, his arm slung over her sister's slender shoulders. She pulled one of the passes from her back pocket and handed it to Annie without a word. Annie let out another squeal of happiness, but managed to keep her phone focused on the stage. Katniss hung the other pass over her neck. She fiddled with the lanyard, trying to ignore the strange rush of anticipation that swept through her. It seemed she had found a new favorite band.