She was trying desperately to stand up straight – or, at least, not tip over. She just wanted the ceremony to be over. She wanted to go home. She wanted to collapse on her couch again with a bottle of liquor in one hand and a picture of her son in the other. She wanted to forget. District One Fallen Tributes: Abstract Calls and Angus Spencer "Abstract was one of the strongest tributes in the arena – there's no doubt of that. She was confident. She was determined. She was prepared. She never hesitated – not once – never wavered from what she knew she would have to do in order to win. She was a model tribute – an example, I am sure, for many who are to come. Abstract is gone, but her legacy will continue. Her example will live on." Lisa looked up at the boy, her eyes hard. She didn't want that example to continue. What Abstract had done, she had done in the name of revenge – revenge against the Capitol. And it had cost her her life. It was bad enough that twenty-three children lost their lives every year. To have children growing up thinking of that as a good thing, growing up wanting to volunteer – that was the last thing she wanted. But it was something her daughter now had a hand in starting. "Angus and I never crossed paths in the arena, and, for that, I am grateful. I didn't realize until I saw the highlights just how deadly he was. He was young – younger than me – but he made his mark early, killing two older, stronger tributes on the first day. He was proud of that – proud of who he was, and what he had been chosen to do. District One should be very proud of its tributes." Bradley nodded a little. Angus had been proud. He had even meant to volunteer in a few years, if he hadn't been chosen. Maybe if fate had been kinder, if he had been given the opportunity to prepare for a few more years, maybe then he could have won. As it was, he'd killed three tributes – a total that matched Harakuise's own. If only he'd had a few more years, he could have been an even deadlier force in the arena. He could have won. He could have. If only. District Five Fallen Tribute: Brie Fallyn "If you've been watching this tour, you know that I've spoken a lot about courage. I've also said a lot about fearlessness. I've praised them both. But it was Brie who taught us – taught me – that they are not one and the same. Brie wasn't fearless. She was afraid of the Games, as many of us are. And she was afraid of death … but not her own. She was afraid that when she died, there would be no one left to save you, Jai. No one to prove your innocence. And so she fought – fought for the chance to return to you, to expose the truth and save your life. It was her love for you, and the courage that her love inspired, that brought her so far through the Games. " Brie was my district partner. She was an ally of sorts near the end. And, at the very last, she was my final opponent. And she died content, knowing that I would keep my promise, that I would do my best to save your life. She accomplished what she set out to do, and she did it bravely. Because courage – real courage – isn't just a matter of not being frightened. It's being afraid and doing what you have to do, anyway. Entering the Games was something she believed she had to do to save you, and she did it without hesitation, without a second thought. She gave her life to save yours, and, in the end, she was a better tribute than I. You – and all of District Five – should be proud, very proud, of your sister." Jai choked back a few tears. He knew Harakuise well enough now to know that he meant it. In the end, he had admired Brie. He had killed her, yes, and it had taken Jai a while to get past that, but now he couldn't find it in himself to blame Harakuise for wanting to live. Brie had died happy – or, if not happy, then at least content. And that was about as much as you could ask for in the Hunger Games. Without thinking, Jai made his way to Harakuise's side of the stage and held out his hand. Harakuise nodded a little, then shook it, and Jai felt in that grasp an almost comforting sense of finality. The Ninth Hunger Games were finally over. " All major changes are like death. You can't see to the other side until you are there." Tributes of the Tenth Hunger Games District One Female: Thea Cheviott (18) Cashmere67 Male: Alicante Morgan (17) DeuceExMachina District Two Female: Sura Petrovich (16) Phil Male: Matthias Hadrian (18) Chaos In Her Wake District Three Female: Astra Halley (14) IndigoStarling Male: Koray Chambers (16) Acereader55 District Four Female: Avalia De Montemercy (16) TheGlitchOnFire Male: Mathias Arnett (16) ImmyRose District Five Female: Theia Slate (15) Flyere Male: Cyne Whitten (18) Set Fire To The Ashes District Six Female: Marjani Esan (16) Choi Junhong Male: Roshan Varick (15) bobothebear District Seven Female: Rana Goodrich (18) QuietConspiracy Male: Kaji Ichihara (18) Aspect of One District Eight Female: Carolina Young (18) Aileen's Feather Male: Shaw Peters (17) torystory93 District Nine Female: Ardrey Keevan (18) Sunlight Comes Creeping In Male: Cormac Reilly (18) jakey121 District Ten Female: Maeren Kinsella (14) The Lunar Lioness Male: Lyre Fairfax (15) A Nihilistic Queen District Eleven Female: Binix Morraen (18) LokiThisIsMadness Male: Dallas Roy (18) BadJokesAreTheBest District Twelve Female: Arianna Cool (15) Starry-eyed dreamer86 Male: Hendrix Cohen (17) DomiHearts1497