runs her hands along the hard muscles of his back, spreading her fingers wide and sucking in a breath at the feel of his tongue just behind her ear. She can feel his hardness between her legs, and when she rocks her hips into him, she decides she needs more, immediately. "I need you to fuck me now," she says. "But we were just getting started," he says into the top of her shoulder. "I think we can save the rest for tomorrow." She rocks her hips into him again, and he groans. "Ok, then," he says, bringing his forehead to hers. "But I think you should fuck me ." And then he lets himself fall backwards onto the mattress, arms spread wide, one eyebrow raised, the corner of his mouth turned up. She makes quick work of their underwear and then slowly lowers herself down onto him. This , she thinks, yes, this is what she really missed. She leans forward and puts her hands on his chest, and as she rotates her hips, she starts to lose herself in the feel of him. He reaches under her shirt and holds his palms so that they just brush her nipples, and she moans, rocking her hips faster. "I missed seeing you like this," he whispers. "Your gorgeous face above me, your hair hanging down…And watching you use me for your own pleasure…" He grins, and she laughs and leans down to peck him on the lips before sitting up again and continuing the rhythm she'd started. He pushes himself up into a sitting position and leans forward to suck on her right nipple, and she cries out. The next rock of her hips takes her over the edge and she falls, shaking, onto his chest. "Oh," she breathes. "I just came." "I noticed," he chuckles, running his hands up and down her back. "Now let's work on you," she says, propping herself back up and swiveling her hips again. "I'd rather work on you some more," he says, pressing his thumb to her clit and sending a second, smaller wave crashing through her before she even realizes what's happening. "Oh my god," she pants, collapsing against his chest again. "Ok, now we definitely have to work on you." She starts rocking again, but slowly. He grins. "You just want to be done so you can go to sleep," he says. "And you don't? The kids are going to be up in less than six hours." She starts pumping herself up and down him and moving faster, hoping it will get him there before she needs to continue this conversation. She's surprised he's held out for this long already. "Wait…did you – did you, you know, take care of yourself in the shower or something?" she asks. "Um, yeah – I knew I wouldn't last otherwise," he replies, chuckling. "Ok, then you need to take over," she says, lifting herself off of him and collapsing at his side. He laughs. "Why don't you just get some sleep?" he says, smoothing her hair back and kissing her temple. "We can continue this tomorrow night." "No, no," she says, lifting up her head to look him in the eye. "I want you to come; I want to feel it. I've missed it." He smiles. "Then let's make this easy for you. How about on your side?" She nods and rolls onto her side, her back to him, and curls her knees in. He presses a soft kiss to the side of her neck and then shifts to line himself up behind her, and she raises her leg to let him in. As he pushes into her, she remembers how much she likes this angle. And as he thrusts harder and deeper, she finds herself hurtling toward the brink, yet again. "Oh god, I'm going to come again," she says. And she does. "Good," he says, and she thinks she can hear the smirk in his voice. "But you need to hurry up and come. I can't take any more orgasms." "Are you sure about that?" He's really panting now, and she hopes that he's close. "Yes. Don't you remember that story about the woman who had to go to the emergency room because she couldn't stop orgasming?" "Katniss, this really isn't helping me get to the goal here." "Sorry. I'll shut up now." She tries to clench more tightly around him to help him along. His thrusts get faster and more erratic, and she thinks, finally . "Ok, I'm going to come," he pants. "Good." And then he does, making a strangled noise into her hair. "Ok, I came," he says, burying his face in her shoulder. "Good." She reaches up and behind to stroke the back of his neck. "I'm so glad you're back," she says. "Me too," he sighs, kissing the top of her shoulder. "Now go to sleep." He rolls out of bed and heads to the bathroom. When he comes back, she's vaguely aware of him wrapping himself back around her, one hand covering her right breast and the other lightly rubbing her belly, and then she loses consciousness. When she starts to wake, she sees that it's barely light out and that he's staring at her. She realizes that it must be at least mid-afternoon in Athens and wonders how long he's been up. "God, you're gorgeous," he whispers. He reaches over and strokes her cheek with his thumb. "I love seeing you like this, from four inches away…right when you've just woken up… and before you start scowling and pulling the covers over your head." And then she scowls and he laughs. "You're still gorgeous when you scowl though," he says, bringing her left hand to his lips. She pulls it back to rub the blurriness from her eyes. Then she glares at him. "You need to grow your hair back out," she says. "Already noted." "Good," she says, pulling the covers back over her head.