bedroom? She is sullen, antisocial, angry. She scowls more than she smiles. How can he want to see her? How could he ever want… "Stop." It's the first word Peeta has ever spoken to her face. "What?" she asks. She looks at him, finally. No matter how many glimpses she gets of him, he always takes her breath away. Even now, with his red, blistered cheek, the bruising that nearly swallows one of his blue eyes, he is the most handsome boy she has ever seen. When he is just a voice, a feeling, she can pretend he is hers. But in person, she is reminded not only that he doesn't belong to her, but that she doesn't want him to. "I can feel that," he says. "You're feeling worthless. You can't really believe that." "Peeta, I think you should go." "I had to check on you. Make sure you're okay." "You could do that without coming all the way over here," she says. "I wanted to come all the way over here. I wanted to see you, not see through you." He approaches the bed, reaches for her. She slams her back into the wall in her haste to dodge him. Tears fill her eyes as pain scorches her back. "Don't," she says, holding up a hand. "Don't touch me." The only thing scarier than seeing him is the idea of being touched by him. She cannot take both in the same night. "I don't understand," he says. "I wasn't going to jump on you or anything. I'm just concerned." "I'm fine, Peeta. Really." A sudden thought occurs to her, and she frowns. "Are you trying to avoid your mother? Is that why you're here? Because I'm sure my mom will let you sleep on the couch." "No, it's not that." He sits on the edge of her bed, a good two feet from where she hovers in front of the wall. "I'm here to say I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry." "There's nothing to be sorry for," she mumbles. Her gut twists with nausea. She can't tell if it's the conversation, the pain, or merely Peeta's presence that makes her feel so ill. "You didn't do anything." "Exactly. I didn't do a god damn thing." "I know why. I understand. I think I understand more than anybody why you didn't." He looks up at her, and she forces herself to maintain eye contact. She grows warm under her gaze. A shudder passes through her, and she looks away. "Throwing the rock was my decision. Not yours," she says. "You shouldn't have done anything." "She could have killed you! She was going to slam that rolling pin into your head! She was so angry, so…hateful." Katniss doesn't bring up why Mrs. Mellark was so much angrier than usual. She doesn't want to consider that she forced Peeta's hand. He almost broke his mother's wrist, and it was probably her fault. Peeta stares down at his lap and rubs the back of his neck. "I'm still sorry. Knowing you were hurt because of me…I can't stand the idea of you hurt, Katniss. For any reason." "I'm fine though. Really." She forces a smile. "My mother is taking really good care of me." Peeta nods. "Good. There's just one more thing." He stands and pulls the back of his shirt up. There are faint red lines running up and down his back, almost like lashes from a whip. Her hand shoots forward, but she catches herself before she can touch his skin. "She whipped you? I'll kill her. I swear, Peeta…" "No, that's the thing. She hasn't touched me since Sunday. I think these are…I think they're from what happened to you." "But that's impossible! That's never happened before." Katniss had been a victim of Mrs. Mellark's attacks in the past. If Katniss wasn't completely focused, if she was taken by surprise, she often hit the ground when he did, felt the same pain he did. But it never left a mark. She thinks of the blood on her fingertips after Peeta fell, of the way she tightened her grip and suddenly he was doing the same to his mother's wrist. "But you weren't even there. I mean…" She touches her head. "You were gone." "I didn't even feel it. It wasn't until after Prim fixed me up and I got home that I realized there were marks." Katniss shakes her head. "That's impossible. You must have hit your back when you fell. Or maybe it's an old injury from wrestling." "Katniss…" "I think you should go now. I'm exhausted. I need to rest before tomorrow." "Right. Our last reaping." "Goodnight, Peeta. Thank you for coming by, but I would rather you didn't." "Alright. If that's what you really want." She doesn't say anything or look his way. He lets himself out. Long after Peeta leaves, he lingers in her mind: his words, his injuries, his scent. She knows he often smells of flour and cinnamon. She can detect it whenever they communicate, but it is so much more intoxicating in person. Later that night, after her mother and Prim are asleep, she hears him. Hey. Are you still awake? Despite the tension of their earlier conversation, she is thrilled to hear his voice. "Yes," she whispers. "I can't sleep." Me neither. Katniss slips out of bed, and wanders into their kitchen. A paper bag waits in the middle of the table. Look inside. She parts the top of the bag and finds a fresh loaf of bread. "Oh my god," she whispers. For breakfast tomorrow , he says. For good luck. She smiles so wide, she forgets the pain that still lingers, the concern over Peeta's injury. For a moment, she even forgets her fear of tomorrow. "It looks delicious," she says, except she really means something else, something she doesn't know how to say. "Thank you." You're welcome. He understands what she means, how she feels. He always does.