everything under the sky. But when it came to the Reaping, Nana was quite solemn, never smiling or enjoying any of it. The other Victor is a young man named Phineas Hale, who won about ten years ago. He is kind enough, but I think the Games really made him hate the world. He is tall and brooding, but for the Reaping has manicured his dark hair and put on a suit, which make him appear above us all. He and Nana make quite the pair. The Mayor stands up just as the clock-tower hits eleven and begins his uniform speech. I've heard it every year of my life. He goes on and on about how great Panem is and how, against all odds, it survived in a place once known as North America. After years of disaster and war, the old civilization collapsed and out of its ashes is us. Panem. A wondrous Capitol, surrounded by its thirteen districts—each with their own chief industry to create one large, functioning machine of a nation. Then he dives into the Dark Days. How there was a rebellion against the Capitol came about and how the Capitol, in all its greatness, squished the rebellion and blew District 13 sky high. But, to be certain there would never be another rebellion, the Capitol invented the Hunger Games. The Hunger Games have pretty simple rules. Twenty-four tributes (one boy and one girl from each district) fight to the death in an arena that changes every year. I remember a few years ago, it was a hot, barren desert with little water and even less food. Then, two years later, it was on the side of a freezing mountain. You just never know. Over a few weeks, everybody is dead except one Victor. He reads off Nana and Phineas' names and they stand and bow quietly. We all clap unenthusiastically and they sit down immediately. Then he introduces our manager, "Let's give a warm welcome to Karma Brookins!" The orange haired man stands and hurries over to podium, "Happy Hunger Games!" he says in a particularly girlish way. The Capitol accent does nothing to help him. "I have a feeling this will be a great year!" Suddenly my sister pops into my mind. Daisy could do the best Capitol impressions that would always leave me clutching my side in laughter. The thought of her almost brings me to my knees. Her flowing chestnut hair, her big, inquisitive eyes. And I suddenly remember how everything was taken from me and it's another punch in the chest to me. My fingers dig into the velvet rope in front of me, straining for stability. I look up and see Karma digging around in the bowl and I don't even have time to hope it's not me when he pulls the name out and reads it. It's not me. I can't even place the name, but I know her face when I see her walking stiffly up to the stage. She lives across the street from me—or did back before my whole family died. I never thought she was more than ten years old, considering how small she is. She has beautiful blonde hair and bright blue eyes. Her parents run the bakery across the street from our fabric shop and I used to watch her playing from our window. But what I remember the most is what an artist she is. She would make surreal pictures of birds or flowers sometimes people on the sidewalk with a piece of chalk or a rock. She would spend an hour or two on her corner, her little brow scrunched with concentration and her arms working to pour the image out onto the pavement. There is a murmur among the people—nobody really likes it when a twelve year old gets Reaped because it really isn't fair. The girl, Emmy, continues her way up the stage and Karma welcomes her as if she just won a prize. I get a feeling of unrest in my stomach because I don't want to watch this tiny artist die on screen. Next, the males are Reaped. The boy is a name I recognize, but only in passing. I know him from school, Nile Lumberage. He is from the poorer part of town, and he takes a long time to make it up to the stage. He seems to be taking deliberately slow steps at first, but then I see Nile's face. Karma tries to act like he's not annoyed, but Rafe is shaking so hard, he ignores it. Now my heart is hammering, because this is the moment where I need to make a decision I didn't even think about having. "Here we have our District 10 Tributes from the preliminary Reapings! Any volunteers?" Karma shouts. The wind whistles through the crowd and I need to makes a decision immediately. And I suddenly think of my dad and sister and mom and how they probably knew Emmy's family and how they would hate to see her go and so I thrust the velvet rope over my head and shout, "I volunteer!" There is a stunned silence. Nobody every volunteers. Emmy's face twists with pain and relief and sadness. Does she know me? Does she remember who I am? Most people know who I am. Know how tragedy has struck my family. Know how completely alone I am. There is more silence. And in that moment of deafening silence, I wonder if I have made a terrible mistake. "Well come on up!" Karma continues enthusiastically, though I can see this has taken him aback. When I reach the stage, he asks, "What's your name, sweetie?" "Lily Masontee," I choke out. "My name is Lily Masontee." Thanks for reading! Please, please review! Tell me what you liked and what you didn't! Also, did you catch how Emmy was a (blatantly obvious) reference to my favorite HG character? Oops. Thank you so much again, lovely readers. Read on!