a smile playing at her lips. She held out her hand. "Give me your phone." He whipped it out of his back pocket. She pressed a few buttons on the screen before handing it back to him. "My number," she said. "Just in case you need help in any more competitions." He couldn't help the goofy grin that appeared on his face. "Perfect. Have you heard of the Wife Carrying Championship?" She rolled her eyes. "Bye, Peeta. Thanks again for the doll." She kissed his cheek before getting into her car. He watched her drive away. It wasn't even Christmas yet, but he was certain he hadn't had a more perfect holiday in a long time. The next morning, Peeta sent Katniss a quick text message wishing her a Merry Christmas. He didn't hear back until late afternoon, shortly after he arrived at his mother's house. Katniss: I have a major surprise for you that can't wait until tomorrow. Can you meet me somewhere? Excitement pulsed through him. He was fully prepared to ditch his family dinner, but he knew he didn't have a good enough excuse. Peeta: I just got to my mom's house Katniss: I can come to you? Are you still in Panem? Peeta texted her the address. Thirty minutes later, he answered the knock on the door. Katniss stood on the porch, her dark hair free from its braid, falling in waves down her back. She wore the same green scarf from yesterday. She even held the same shopping bag. He shut the door behind him and joined her on the porch. "What are you doing here? Is that…" He pointed at the bag. "Ready to be Uncle of the Year?" He glanced inside the bag and found a wrapped box peeking out. "But Primrose?" "Oh, yeah, um." She sighed. "We had Christmas morning at my grandparents' house. Every year before this one, all they ever got us was a phone call. But this year, they went all out. Made us a fancy breakfast, bought us a ton of gifts, including…" "The Princess Gwendolyn doll," Peeta finished for her. "Yeah. Prim opened their gifts first. I didn't realize they knew she wanted it. They probably just bought it because everyone else was buying it. I know it doesn't matter who gave it to her as long as she got it, but it still kind of sucks that it wasn't me." "But Prim's happy?" Katniss smiled. "Very. So...ready to show up your brother?" He took the bag from her and considered it for a moment. He still felt like a tool when he compared his reasons for wanting the doll to Katniss's, but what did it matter now? Her sister had received one, and he was about to make his niece, Hailey, very happy. Poor Hailey had ripped through the toys Peeta's mother had bought her in record time. As soon as she reached the last one, she had burst into tears. All afternoon, she had stared longingly at the Christmas tree as if looking for a lost gift hidden beneath it. "Can you wait just one second?" he asked. "I'll be right back." She nodded. He rushed inside and handed the shopping bag to Rye. "For Hailey," Peeta said. "What is this?" Rye asked. "The doll." " The doll? You're serious?" Rye said. "She's going to be over the moon." "You give it to her." "Really? Are you sure? How did you even get this?" "It's a long story. But go ahead. Make your daughter happy." Rye stared down at the shopping bag before looking up at Peeta. "Thanks, Peet. I mean it. Really. Thank you." Peeta clapped his brother on the shoulder before grabbing his coat and racing back outside to where Katniss waited. "Do you have to get back right away?" Peeta asked her. "I have a little time." "Go for a walk?" "Sure." She followed him down the front path and into the street. "Thanks for bringing that all the way over. You saved my niece's Christmas," he said. "You let your brother give it to her, didn't you?" "How'd you know?" "You seem like a good person. I had a feeling." His arm brushed against hers. When it happened a second time, he grabbed her hand and squeezed. "Merry Christmas, Katniss. Did you get what you wanted this year?" She gave him a sidelong glance before replying, "I didn't ask for anything this year." "Well, it's not too late. There's still a few hours of Christmas left." She stopped and turned toward him. "What about you?" she asked. "Did you get what you wanted?" The Christmas lights that decorated the house behind him danced across her face. For the first time, he noticed her earrings. They were shaped like gift boxes. "I can't answer that without coming off as incredibly cheesy." "Then, don't say anything," she whispered, leaning forward. He closed the gap between them. Her hands slipped inside his coat, coming to rest against his back. Her cheek was frozen beneath his palm, but he kissed her until every bit of her felt warm against him. Later, he walked her back to her car with the promise that they'd see each other tomorrow. "No shopping malls though, right?" she asked. "No malls," he agreed. "I thought maybe you could come to my apartment. And we could stay in." "Throw in some hot chocolate, and you've got yourself a date." He watched her car until the taillights disappeared around the corner. Then, slowly, begrudgingly he headed inside, where he watched the clock for the rest of the night. As a kid, he used to hate the day after Christmas. It signified the end of the holiday season. No more presents, no more surprises, no more excitement or anticipation. For the first time ever, he was eager for the day to end. For the first time ever, he was certain December 26th would beat out Christmas for the best day of the year.