her and for me, as I settle in between her legs which she promptly, tightly wraps around my waist my hands resting on her thigh's. As great as this and how my body, my heart are telling me to keep going my mind speaks up, telling, compelling me to stop this because it can only lead to heart-break and to drive its point home last nights nightmare runs through and I break the kiss off. Backing away from her. "why did you come here Katniss? Why request me?" my voice going back to indifference and I hide the guilt I feel when pain flashes across her face. "Be... because of you I came for you." "That still doesn't answer my question, why Katniss? Last time I checked everything was made very clear that I had no place among you victors." there it is, the guilt written all over her face. "just your guilt driving you to say sorry. Huh should have known." she looks like she about to speak but I cut her off. "Don't Katniss, just don't because I don't want anymore lies, I've made a good thing here for myself, you've got yours back in thirteen with Gale. Just go and forget about me." "NO! I don't have Gale!, I don't want Gale and I never will. It's you Peeta, only you... I've missed you so much, tried to find you and failed until now. I haven't been like that with Gale... please Peeta. I know I did so many things wrong and I'm so... so sorry but please don't ask me to leave you again. I can't... I can't let you go again." "it's not your choice Katniss." "Where are you, where the boy who fell in love with me, that's been in love with me since he was five, that promised me forever and always. Where is he? Because I want him back." I look up at her watery eye's and I break, ready to tell her everything, that I'm standing right her and will stay with her but then I stop. My face growing hard and if I was paying attention to Katniss I would have seen the terror across her face, she probably thinks I'm going to reject her but the bright red light that flashed across my eye set all alarms off because I know exactly what it was. "DOWN!" I shout, right in her face as I grab her shoulders and shove her downwards and to my left as the first bullet enters the house hitting my shoulder instead of the back of her head. Then all hell breaks loose as a storm of bullets are fired. Ignoring the burning pain in my shoulder, shielding Katniss body with my own as the house is turned into burnt wood-chip I drag her across the floor. "Move Katniss, MOVE!" I yell to her, getting her through the door and into the back of the house. "MARCUS!" his voice booming through my radio as I can here the same gunfire on his side. "Ghost where under attack pinned down outside, two doors from your location! Film crew is capitol, I repeat film crew is capitol!" just coming in as the back door burst opening. I stand, hoisting my rifle up only for it to be kicked down, letting it go freely I draw my side arm as the other grabs my arm and pulls it to the side, the bullets missing both but my knife. Unsheathing it and spinning I slam it into the jugular of the first one but am left open and defenceless to the other. He doesn't get a chance before his head is impaled with an arrow, right through the eye. Turning I see Katniss, bow drawn and shaking violently. I kneel down, pushing her bow down to before softly but quickly calling her. "Katniss... Katniss!... Katniss!" my voice rising in the end to break through to her and it does, her head whipping around to face mine, grey eye's boring into my blue one's "Peeta..." "We need to go! Know!" I don't wait for an answer but grab her hand and my rifle before running out the back door, knowing that the only safe place is the command centre. "Ghost!, capitol has disengaged us and are on your tail, heading to intercept." "Copy, I have the Mockingjay and are on route to nest, need reinforcements." "Already en-route 3 minutes out." Cedar's voice breaking through to us and we run and run. Not to long, though feeling longer we are met with our group reinforcements, surrounding us, barking order before they quickly realise it's us and begin to help. We set up a defence before the pursuers get to us, only it's not who we where expecting because it Marcus and the other victors slightly bruised and bloodied but them none the less. "MARCUS? what the hell!?" They broke off, disappeared..." wheezing out breathes he straightens himself up before his eye's go wide. "PEETA!" it's only then do I feel it, something cold, a very specific spot and ghosting my fingers over it, bring them to eye line they're covered it warm, sticky blood. My blood. "Shit..." as I look to Marcus and drop to the ground. "PEETA!" Katniss's screams ring through my ears as everything gets colder and darker. "No... no... no.. please Peeta. Please don't go... stay with me..." she begs me and how I want to cradle her face in my hands whip away her tears and just feel her lips against mine I don't think I will but that doesn't stop my answer before complete darkness. "Always" Looks like my luck finally ran out. A/N; so that's the prologue, hope you enjoyed and any feed back is great. I gave a brief glimpse as to what drove Peeta and the victors apart but I'll explain that in more detail, as well as Marcus and his relation with Peeta. Though till next see you all later :-) Elsa15