is the same as it used to be. I conclude quietly to myself. Could it ever really be? I look up at Peeta's face for an answer and begin to cry from what I see. "Katniss, what is wrong," Peeta pleas as he bends down to look at me. Just as I feared, Peeta is not stable either. His hands are clenched into fists and his knuckles are white from how tight his grip is. My anxiety is triggering some sort of twisted flash back behind his eyes, and he's trying not to let himself lose control. Even more, though, he's trying not to let me see how vulnerable he is to violently unraveling before my eyes. I squeak out of fear as I try to reply to his question. Everything, I think, but I reply with nothinginstead. Peeta gives me one last concerned look before pulling up a chair next to my own. Without further inquisition, he slowly, almost unwillingly unclenches his fists and begins to run his shaking fingers over the back of my cotton shirt. He doesn't pry…doesn't persist. He just lets me be while he sits in the chair next to me. Without concern for my well-being or that of Peeta's, I continue to cry for attention. I can't help but to hope that his fingertips will cease to tremble...that his touch will again be filled with tenderness. However, I soon realize my irrationality and the danger within my ambition…if anything, the quivering in his hands has gotten worse. I can only imagine how difficult it must be for Peeta to continue to comfort me. I can only imagine the thoughts traveling throughout his mind. He could hurt me…he could kill me…I immediately make myself stop crying at the thought. Sensing this, Peeta rests his hand on the side of my face to rouse me. "Let's go for a walk, Katniss" he gently says. "You can take me home." We walk together through the grass, adorning our bare-feet with the dew from dusk. The water is cold, but the moonlight reflecting off of the droplets makes the discomfort well worth it. Above our heads, the full moon materializes, casting long shadows across the houses of the Victor's Village. Crickets chirp loudly; and fireflies flash iridescent messages to their unmet mates. Everything is temporarily disguised in an eerie display, and somehow I feel as if I am in a dream that I once dreamt. As Peeta and I continue to walk, our shadows cross and meet, becoming one. I suddenly feel fevered by what is being depicted. "Becoming one" has crossed my mind more than once, but tonight, the surge of the moonlight has deepened my desire. All I want is to be close to Peeta- to feel his warm body near to my own... I focus on the present instead. The reality of the moment before me. The weather has grown cooler, and it feels nicely on my stinging eyes. After crying for such a long period of time, they have grown red with irritation. I lovingly look over at Peeta and unpredictably meet his gaze. Out of shame, I feel as if I must apologize for my earlier illogicality. I stop walking and begin to say I'm sorry. However before I can make my uncouth tongue form the words, Peeta raises his hand to my cheek and begins tracing the outlines of my features. I stop blinking…maybe even breathing. "Peeta…" I whisper, attempting to deter the dream I must be having. "I remember, Katniss…" Peeta speaks as he delicately redeems a dandelion from my braid. "Remember what, Peeta?" I ask sardonically. "I remember watching you from across the schoolyard. It was after our encounter at the bakery, and you had not acknowledged me since. You must have noticed me staring at you because you looked up at me that day. Something in your eyes had changed, something that had not been there before. There was hope, love, maybe even happiness? You looked away quickly and rested your sights on what I think was a patch of dandelions." Peeta begins to roll the golden flower between his fingers, almost knowingly. "I remember the way you looked at me that day, Katniss…it was just how you looked at me a few moments ago." I feel my palms begin to sweat and my heart begin to race…how could it be possible that Peeta could remember that day? It was so forgettable… so perfectly plain… Maybe there was something special to me, but for Peeta to have noticed. For Peeta to have remembered such a trivial moment in time…I can only sigh and look up. "Real or not real, Katniss?" Peeta asks as he walks closer to me. "Real or not real…" he asks again breathlessly. I bite my lip to keep it from quivering. "Real..." I state surely as I stare at him. He exhales slowly, and I can't help but to watch his lips loosen and let free their anxieties. More than anything, though, I can't help but to admire the shape of his lips and the fullness formed around their middle. So purely plump… Peeta's fingertips reach out for my face again, making their way from my forehead to my bottom lip. There they unsteadily linger. I feel my breathing quicken as his breath grows closer to my cheeks. I close my eyes and wait. Only death or life awaits me now. Peeta's lips cautiously meet and melt into mine. I gently press my body into his, and we lose ourselves within the light of the fireflies around us. I'm not sure if what we are experiencing is love or the repressed desperation that we've felt for the other; but our tongues pull apart and fuse together as if a frenzy. No longer are we the innocent children who once kissed delicately during the Hunger Games. These kisses are full of passion and persistence…admiration and warmth. This…this moment is not a dream. This moment is real.