clear bowl on her right side. I zoned out then, staring into the crowd but seeing nothing. I was feeling nothing at the moment except the sharp twists in my lower stomach and the tingling that was coursing throughout my entire body. I so badly wanted to close my eyes and pretend like I was still sitting in my classroom and that I had just fallen asleep. This was all a bad dream and that I would wake up any moment and I would see Annie and everything would be okay and we would live our lives as normally as we could. But, that wasn't going to happen. I was going to be in the 70th Hunger Games. The next thing I knew, I felt my right hand being pulled from behind my back and being lifted into the air. I jumped, startled. "District 4, your tributes!" Velvet announced in her thick Capitol accent. There was no applause, just stares. I stole a glance at the figure on the other side of Velvet. He was taller than me, much taller, and was tan with the build of a fisherman. The twist in my stomach tightened. I turned away, before I could let any of the negative thoughts that would undoubtedly emerge surface. It wasn't long before my hand was dropped and I was escorted into Town Hall by the Peacekeepers standing around me. I followed them down a twist and turn of hallways, not really paying attention to where we were going, before we reached a door at the end of a hallway. They opened the door, and guided me inside. The door was closed without a word from anyone and I was alone. I was only alone long enough to take a few steps and settled myself into the floral printed arm chair in the middle of the room. I felt the emotions that I had been trying to repress start to surface. My whole body felt hot and I could feel the tears start to pull into my eyes. I could let loose. No one was going to come see me. My parents were dead. There was no one. I took a deep breath, ready to let it all out when the doors opened. I sucked in my breath again and hastily wiped the tears that were pooling in my eyes away. I gathered myself and looked up. Annie was standing in front of the closed doors, body shaking and teary eyed. "Cory," She whimpered before bolting to me and gathering my in her small arms. "Thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you. I'm so sorry. Cory, you shouldn't have done that." She sobbed into my shoulder, her whole body convulsing. It was a bit funny, shouldn't the roles be reversed? I gave a short laugh, wrapping my own arms around her. "I had to." I said. Annie lifted her head, tears still pouring down her face. "You're all I have left. I had to protect you." I said softly, wiping a tear off her face. Her face crumpled again and I saw the guilt in her eyes. "Besides," I said quickly, giving her a small smile. "We both know I'm the stronger of the two of us." I winked. Annie's own small smile crept onto her face. It was short lived. Her face quickly crumpled when her eyes met mine. She was always so perceptive when it came to knowing what I was thinking. She was so smart. "You are not going to die." She said harshly, suddenly more determined than she was just moments ago. "Annie…" I started, but was quickly cut off. "No!" She yelled. "You will come back to me Cory. You have to." She said desperately clutching onto my shoulders as if her life and whole happiness depended on it. I swallowed, but gave a short nod. I couldn't tell her that she was wrong when she was so desperately clinging onto me. I couldn't crush her like that. Her eyes darted back and forth, trying to find something in my expression. I will never know if she found it or not. "You have to do everything you can to get home." She said, shaking my slightly. "Promise me you will do everything you can." She said, her green eyes that were usually so full of life stared straight into mine. "I promise." I whispered. She opened her mouth to say more, but was cut off by the door opening. "Time is up." Came the monotone voice of a faceless Peacekeeper. Annie nodded, not taking her eyes off me. She pulled me into a crushing hug. "I love you. You're my sister. Come back." She muttered into my hair. I gave another stiff nod. She pulled away. And turned to walk out of the room. I watched her go, trying to memorize everything about her. I feared that it would be the last time I ever saw her. AN: Just so everyone knows Annie and Cordelia are NOT in love. I feel like that's how it came off. They just have a super close relationship. Which is why Annie was so upset and why Cory felt the need to volunteer for her. They're like sisters! Very, very close sisters. Their relationship is based off the relationship I have with my own sister. ANYWAYS, first chapter is done and I'm already working on the next one! I'm so excited about this. Updates will probably be posted every two weeks because I have another story that I REALLY need to update and get going and I thought I would alternate weeks. There might be more or less time between updates depending on how much free time I have. Keep in mind - I am a full time student in Uni. But, I will try. I don't like disappointing people. LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK. I LOVE REVIEWS. THEY MAKE MY HEART SING. You're all beautiful and I can't wait hearing from you allllllll!~