sitting on the couch with an untouched mug placed on the table in front of him. Katniss immediately turned to leave, but his voice stopped her. "Katniss, wait. I want to talk to you." It took everything in her to not bolt straight out of the room. She didn't want to talk to him. She didn't want to talk to anybody. The forced dinner talk was all she could handle at the moment. But she owed him that much. Actually, she owed him much, much more, so she turned and took the seat next to him anyways. He ran a hand through his messy, sleepy hair and sighed. "Look, Katniss, I've been wanting to talk to you about the way I acted on the train. I mean, the last train. The one that brought us home. I knew you had something with Gale. I was jealous of him before I even officially met you. It wasn't fair to hold you to anything that happened in the Games. I'm sorry." Katniss blinked at him in surprise. He was apologizing to her? For something they had ignored since they stepped off that train? "I'm sorry, too," she answered quickly, though she wasn't quite sure what for. For pretending to love him? For completely shutting him out after they started a sexual relationship? For not telling him about the baby inside of her? She didn't know. "There's nothing for you to be sorry about," he said, and she wanted to laugh. "You were keeping us alive. But I don't want to go on like this, ignoring each other sometimes and having sex other times. So I thought if I stopped being so, you know, wounded, we could take a shot at just beings friends." Katniss felt herself flushing at the mention of sex, but the word didn't even seem to bother Peeta one bit. I'm having your baby , she wanted to say, but instead she just smiled and nodded. "Okay." Katniss decided to tell Haymitch a week after they arrived back to District 12. She didn't know why the thought came over her, or why she would tell him instead of her mother or Peeta, but it comforted her. Haymitch was smart, even if he was drunk and rude most of the time. He still had knowledge and he was more like her than she initially thought. Katniss walked into Haymitch's house, choosing to ignore the smell. Haymitch was passed out at his kitchen table, a bottle in one hand and his knife in another. Maybe she came at a bad time, but she wanted to tell him before she lost every ounce of courage she had left. "Haymitch," Katniss said, shaking his shoulder. He didn't move. "Get up!" she snapped. When he didn't move, she grabbed a pot from the stove, filled it up with water and poured it straight on him. Before he could even gasp, she had the window open and her leg sitting out in case he decided to take his anger out on her. Haymitch woke up sputtering and slashing his knife. Katniss was smart to plan her escape. "Hey!" she called, getting his attention. He stopped slashing and glared at her, reminding her of an angry Buttercup after his monthly bath. "What the hell was that for?" "I need to talk to you," Katniss said. Haymitch grumbled something she couldn't hear before he took his shirt off to reveal an equally dirty undershirt. He wiped himself down with the dry part and dropped heavily into his seat. "What?" he snapped angrily. Katniss opened her mouth, but before she could get anything out, his front door opened. "Oh," Peeta said as he stepped inside. Katniss and Peeta hadn't really spoken since they got back, even if they agreed to be friends. "You're both here. Good. I need to talk to the both of you." Katniss suddenly felt like she was going to throw up. He knows , she thought. But when Peeta opened his mouth, Katniss definitely wouldn't have ever imagined the words that came out of it. "I'm moving to the Capitol." " What? " Katniss and Haymitch asked in unison. "You're moving to the Capitol?" Katniss asked, her voice coming out weak and panicked. She bit her lip hard to stop the panic bubbling up in her chest. "Yes, but let me explain before you both freak out. I've been offered a job, and I honestly wouldn't have accepted it if the request didn't come from President Snow himself. There's a new bakery opening and he wants me to run it." There was something he wasn't telling them, but all three of them knew the house was completely bugged. "Peeta, you can't-" Katniss started, but he cut her off. "I already did. There's nothing really left for me here," he said. Tell him, Katniss thought. Tell him now and he'll stay. But she couldn't bring the words to her lips. She couldn't tell him. "When I move there, I will no longer have to mentor the Games." "You didn't even start," Katniss snapped, suddenly upset. He was supposed to be there with her when they had to mentor those kids. And he was leaving her for some stupid bakery in the Capitol. "There's even a studio above the bakery so if I want to paint I can. And I can live up there, too." "When are you leaving?" Haymitch asked. "Tomorrow." Katniss could barely contain her anger and annoyance. So he was leaving her in 12 by herself, and she had to mentor with Haymitch by herself. "That's bullshit ," Katniss spat angrily. Before Peeta or even Haymitch could say anything, she dropped out of the window and stomped across the lawn to her house. Prim greeted her as she entered, but she brushed it off and climbed the stairs to her room. She ignored any attempts of contact, and in the morning, when Peeta's train left, she only buried herself further into her covers.