don't know what I can do, Mr. Odair. There are other dresses, of course but I don't know if they will be any better. " Finnick? "Just choose something plain enough. It won't live up to your reputation and it can't stop it indefinitely, but it could help. We have to try. No one deserves this." "How about this?" There is a rustling and the sound of doors opening and closing, before Cinna continues. "I had planned to add to it, but it might work." "It's perfect. Thank you Cinna." "No, thank you Finnick. Thank you for trying to save her. She-" I stub my toe on the door and have to open it before they find out I was eavesdropping. I slip inside, trying to look surprised to see them there. I can only pray that my acting skills are improving. I have a feeling I failed, but it is too late now. Finnick looks panicky for a second, before his expression changes completely and I envy his acting skills. He offers me a friendly smile and squeezes my shoulder as he passes me in the doorway. "Good Luck, Katniss." I don't get time to thank him before my prep team has surrounded me, pushing me into a chair and beginning their work. They do my hair and makeup only as I had a full body polish done in the hospital. They comment on insignificant things as they work, what rewards they are gaining from knowing the latest Victor, friends, money, jewels, reputation and prestige. They inform me about all the latest scandals and it is then that I completely tune out. By the time I am done, I have actually relaxed a great deal, and gained some well needed rest. Laid out on the bed is a black garment bag, and on various dressers are sewing kits and hundreds of other items. It is clear that whatever Finnick wanted, Cinna has worked hard on it. He does not speak to me, but takes the bag and unzips it. Inside is a royal blue dress, that instantly reminds me of my mother's dress that I wore to the reaping. It is a heavier material and a darker colour, but the resemblance is clear. There is extra detail added to the skirt and sleeves in lace, just enough to make it simple and plain, yet stylish and fashionable. It is slightly loose on me, by design this time, unlike my mother's which was not made to fit me. Cinna dresses me carefully, adding a white wrap shawl with more blue lace embroidery and a pair of low white heels. He turns me towards the mirror and the sight is more than I could ever have hoped for.. The dress is perfect, simple enough to suit me but not too plain. My hair is mostly u in small twists, with a few curls hanging down. There are pearls, diamonds and sapphires woven through it, sparking as the light hits them. I look beautiful for the first time since I came to the Capitol. Not stunning or breathtaking, but beautiful. I look like myself. I turn back to Cinna to thank him, but I only get half of the words out before he is pressing a finger to my lips and telling me to thank Finnick later. There is a knowing look in his eyes and I realise I was caught eavesdropping. I have no time to reply before I am being pulled out the door and into the elevator. Caesar starts off his questioning slowly, general questions on how I have been and what I have been doing. I answer truthfully as possible, but I still feel awkward. We watch the recap, and I have to turn my head at parts. I see myself kill without a second thought, I see myself minutes from death and minutes from victory. I detach myself from the images, thinking of Prim and Gale and District Twelve and it works as well as I could hope. After the recap, Caesar continues with another few questions, mostly about home and my Victory tour. I don't even know how I answer most of them, but Haymitch gives me a thumbs up afterwards so I suppose I did alright. I stay in my dress for the rest of the evening, because it is comfortable and I feel amazing. We spend time with some of the other Victors once again and at the end of the night sat our goodbyes. I am given phone numbers by Seeder, Mags, Royla, Finnick and Chaff, with promises to call. I try to question Finnick all evening, but he simply hands me the slip of paper and shakes his head. "You'll know what I'm talking about when it happens and then, call that number." I am still confused when I fall into bed at four a.m. but drift off before I have time to ponder it. For the first time since the Games, I do not wake up screaming. I think I was probably too tired to, as there are tears streaming down my face and my pillow is soaked. Our train leaves at eight, so we don't have much time that morning. Cinna says goodbye that morning at breakfast and we leave soon after. Most of the others don't leave until much later, but District Twelve is too far away. Hopefully, we will be there by afternoon. I don't let out a sigh of relief until I see the boundaries of District Twelve up ahead and then I finally relax. I have missed it more than words can explain. The mere thought of seeing Prim, Gale, Madge, my mother and so many others in only minutes makes my heart race. We pull into the station and I step off the train behind Effie and in front of Haymitch. I see Prim sitting on Gale's shoulder's in the middle of the crowd and I smile, genuinely, for the first time in a month.