of the prep team for District 10." "I noticed," I say, pointing to his face which is painted with purple flowers. I start laughing and he joins me immediately. "I know, it's ridiculous. But I wanted to show you. How do I look ?" he says, quoting me from prior this day. I kick my foot in his face but he pulls his head back so I miss. "Jo, why did you dress up so nicely this afternoon?" he asks with a serious face, his hands firm around my feet. I cast my eyes down. "I wanted to look nice when I still could. That's the truth." "That's the truth?" "Would I lie to you?" I ask, my eyes piercing his. He shakes his head. I shift my whole body so my feet are at the other side of the bench and my head is resting on his shoulder. "Since we are being sentimental, can I ask you a question?" "Shoot." "What will you miss the most?" "You mean when we're in the arena and there's a very big chance we'll die in there?" I nod. He seems to think about it a very long time. Such a long time that I'm starting to think he has fallen asleep. When I lift up my head, I see his eyes are still open and he's trying to rub off the flowers on his face. I suppose he doesn't want to answer the question and start to lighten the mood again. "My complements to the prep-girl. She sure knows which make-up is the most resistant!" I say with a laugh and start rubbing his cheeks. He suddenly answers my question. "I'll miss the ocean, the freedom of water, the destructive force of it. I'll miss my family. I'll miss –" "Yeah, I get it. You'll miss a lot. But what will you miss the most ?" "I'll miss the girl I love the most." he answers while turning his head to face me. "Annie," I breathe with a hint of a smile on my lips. He looks at the sky for a moment or two before he says anything. "The weird thing is that I don't know who I'm referring to." I look at him, confusion very clearly on my face. "I don't know if I mean Annie or you, Jo." The confused look becomes even more apparent now and I have absolutely no idea what to say or what to think. "Listen. I love Annie. I do. But I love you too. As my best friend, yes, but also something more. I don't know how to explain this the right way but there's a very big difference between those two loves. I love Annie because she needs me, I'm like the only medicine that works for her…episodes. And I love her for her innocence, her fairness. And then there's you, who is supposed to be just my best friend. You and your arrogance, bluntness, dark humor, aggression. You're the complete opposite of Annie. And yet, you fit me too. It's like I'm made up of two parts: one part that matches Annie and one part that matches you." "Double personality? They call it schizophrenia." is the only thing I can come up with right now. He sighs. "Johanna, I don't understand it myself. Well, I do actually but I don't know how to explain it. Annie's just…gone. I mean, she comes back a lot of times and then she's my Annie again but most of the time, she's somewhere else where I can't reach her. And you are always within reach. Whenever I need you, you're there. Whether it's on the phone or in real life, you're always there. No one knows you this way. You're the same person with me as you are with other people but you're more open. I get to see underneath that cold, hard layer of cruelty. And guess what, you might not know it but you have a great personality. You're dark and twisted, yes, but you're a great girl and I love you for … all of that!" "Could you please stop with the corniness? You make me want to vomit. Prep-girl fed you a love potion?" I say with a smile on my face. I do hate his cheesy speech but I don't hate the meaning of it. Not at all. It had taken me a long time to realize that I felt more towards Finnick than just friendship but I never told him because a) it didn't seem fair to Annie because she wouldn't be here to defend what's hers and b) I wasn't sure how I would drop the bomb. But now, I didn't have to because he already blew up the whole village, (continuing my metaphor). "You really hate what I just said?" he says hesitantly. "Why do you think I put up with your boyish tantrums and stupid topics of conversation for so long? Do you really think I would have stuck around if I didn't love you? God, you can be so oblivious, Odair!" I say laughing. He smiles back at me and pushes my head back on his shoulder so he can rest his head on mine. I feel him smiling against the top of my head. I shift so I can face him and before I can register what I'm even doing, what we 're even doing, I'm pressing my lips against his, my hand resting on his cheek and his around my waist to hold me steady. I have been dreaming of this moment for a very long time but I always knew it would stay that, a dream. Yet here I am, kissing my best friend as if my life depended on it. It took our death sentence to realize what we felt for each other. I have to give thanks to Snow for this. I feel Finnick deepen our kiss and I feel nothing but happiness for the first time in six years.