price. "That helps," she said, the thought may not make the nightmares go away, but at least some stress was lifted off of her. "And," her mother continued, "I didn't let Prim watch hardly any of the Games, didn't want her seeing you… like…" "Yeah," Katniss interrupted before her mother could finish that awful thought, "Thanks." Her mother's hand found hers and she laced their fingers together. She started to take a few steps towards the house, but Katniss looked behind her and saw that Haymitch was watching the whole thing. She opened her mouth to say something, but Haymitch just smiled and turned around and walked towards the Victor's Village. -X- It was easy to tell that Prim was excited to see Katniss, but the topic of conversation was a tricky one. No one wanted to talk about what Katniss had just been through, and she didn't want to talk about it either. Listening to Prim talk about school and Lady was easier than talking about the Games. "Why don't you get some fresh air outside?" her mother suggested after about twenty minutes of Prim babbling on about school. Katniss nodded and pulled her cardigan tightly across her body. She took long but deliberate steps, already deep in thought, as she made her way out of the house. Once outside she didn't stop walking until she made it to the edge of the dying grass. Her house was a quarter of a mile away, and she liked the time to herself; time to think. The first thought that came to mind was Cato and the final battle at cornucopia. The memory crashed through her body like an electric current. As much as she tried to fight it, her veins were alive with the adrenaline it brought back. Katniss saw Cato's face as he ran towards her and held her down against the metal, willing to kill her. She remembered the feel of his bulging muscles in his forearm cutting off her air supply. The feeling of dying was coming back to her, the way her brain felt like it was turning off and the minimal fight she still had in her. Her vision just went black when she felt the flooding of air in her lungs, and she knew Peeta had saved her, once again. She threw her tired body onto her feet and pulled out her bow and arrow, but it was too late. Cato was about to kill Peeta, and there was nothing she could do. The devastation that she felt in that moment was pulling so deeply on her she fell to her knees in the grass. She raked her fingers through her hair, letting her nails break some of the skin on her scalp. The memory wouldn't leave her; none of them let her be. She let a soft whimper escape her lips as the image of Cato about to break Peeta's neck flashed across her eyes. She picked up a rock and threw it out into nowhere. She had no logical reason to do it, but the feeling of her arm stretching and her shoulder rotating was easier to handle than the ache in her heart for Peeta. She picked up another rock and threw it with all her might. She picked up a slightly bigger rock and threw it, letting a tiny sound of exertion leave her lips every time. As she picked up the third rock; tears began to slip down her face. Silent, furious, searing hot tears. Tears because of Rue, tears because of what she had to do, tears because she had to leave Prim in Gale's full arms and tears for Peeta. She knew she must look hysterical; throwing rocks and crying like a madwoman, but she didn't care. The physical feelings were easier to deal with than the emotional ones. "Catnip?" She heard a soft voice behind her and dropped her half pound rock and spun on her heels. Gale stood about three meters away from her with a raised brow. She tried to retract the tears but they wouldn't stop and she was full of shame. She was supposed to be strong, even in front of Gale. She wasn't weak and she didn't want him to look at her differently, she was counting on him being the only person to look at her as the same old girl she was before the reaping. "You okay?" he asked as he took one step closer to her. Her hair was now a mess. Her makeup was running and smudged and her dress was dirty and ripped. A dry swallow burned her throat as the memory kept flashing in the back of her mind. "They won't leave me," she whispered, unable to contain the thought. "Who?" Gale asked, taking another step forward. "The memories," she said in a shaky breath. Gale just arched his brow higher. "I see Rue dying every day. I see Glimmer being stung so much she was twice her size. I see Cato absolutely psychotic, and they won't leave me alone." Her eyes drifted up to his momentarily. "I have nightmares that Peeta dies and I couldn't save him." She falls to her knees again, and this time she buries her head in her hands because of the shame. As soon as her legs hit the ground she felt a warm hand on her back, slowly making circles. She leaned her body into his, letting her head fall awkwardly onto his thigh, but she didn't care. Tears continued to slip down her face as Gale sat with her. "You know, Catnip," he said in a gentle voice that was uncommon for him, "I have no idea what you're going through, but I'm here for you." She blindly reached for his other hand and gave it a squeeze. "That's exactly what I need." -TBC- THE MORE REVIEWS I RECEIVE THE FASTER THE NEXT CHAPTER WILL COME UP. DON'T REVIEW AT YOUR OWN RISK, YOU'RE ONLY DELAYING HAPPINESS.