to sleep. Lean my head on Cicer's shoulder. Calla curls up in my lap. Soon enough I'm drifting off. I wake when the truck stops. Sunlight is bright and harsh on my face, not filtering through the trees like I'm used to. Someone has pulled the tarp off the truck. Everyone else is waking up, bleary and unsettled, but soon enough we're awake, because there are three Peacekeepers coming our way, shouting for us to move on. We disembark in a flood, winding through the streets to the main square. The buildings are nice here, brick farmhouses and wooden cabins, neat shopfronts with bright awnings. The street is cobbled; our shoes scrape against as we pass. The main square is packed, despite us arriving early. Adults ring the edges. Children are shoved together in sections, neatly in rows like in the orchard. Cicer puts her hand on her sisters' shoulders to guide them towards the registration. "Calla's first year," she says. "I'm more worried than I should be." "Look around," I gesture to the crowd around us. "One in a million. You have nothing to worry about." Cicer smiles at me, a little softer, but I can still see tension in her neck. Everyone settles into their sections. I'm surrounded by people I don't know, hundreds of faces, dark-skinned like mine but with no other familiar features, eyes passing over me and Cicer like we pass over them. I bunch my hands in the fabric of my dress. There's a small fanfare, and then our escort strides onto stage. Saffron is viciously flamboyant. Bright red hair like a rooster plume above pale skin, golden lips, a bright orange skintight pantsuit and heels that must be taller than my head. "Welcome," she smiles, sickly-sweet, and I tune out. I'm staring at the glass Reaping ball on her left. Filled to the brim with tiny slips of paper. My name is there six times. Cicer's another six. Aster's thrice, Calla's once, Cassie's twice. Maybe another two hundred entries total from my town. That's not so small a number as I thought. The chance that someone I know is going into the Games this year becomes a nagging thought. The speakers burst into the informational video. I'd managed to tune out the Mayor Heathstone's speech – nothing new in that, anyhow. I clench my teeth until the video is over and the booming music dies out. The silence is far too loud now. I can hear the clacks of Saffron's heels as she stalks to the bowl I've been boring holes in with my gaze. "Our lovely ladies first!" Suddenly I want to throw up. "Calla Stace!" It's Calla. Of all the people in this District, it's Calla. Next to me Cicer is blinking, like she's waiting for another Calla Stace to trudge up the stairs. Then she sees Calla start to walk and it hits her. I see her mouth start to take the shape of the words that will send her instead. My arm moves of its own accord and I clamp my hand over her mouth. The words tumble out of me instead. "I volunteer!" I shout. I have to stretch to make myself heard across the full square. "I volunteer as tribute!" On stage, Saffron is squinting at me. Her face breaks into a grin and she beckons, and in front of me the crowd parts like a sea, the path ahead an eternity in length. I start the walk. It must take less than a minute, but to me it feels like hours. Every eye trained on me. Every breath waiting – who is this girl? Why did she do it? I ascend the steps to the stage. In the morning light, my dress looks so plain and old next to the escort's bright flamboyance. She holds the mic out to me. "Your name, darling?" "Avan," I manage to get out. "Avan Brunnel." And then it's over; I can't go back. Saffron takes my hand and raises it above my head. "Avan Brunnel! Your Tribute for the Ninety-First Hunger Games!" The crowd doesn't cheer. Some people applaud – the Peacekeepers, the Mayor, a few of the older adults. Other than that I'm met with silence. The rest of the Reaping passes in a blur. Saffron stalks over to the boy's bowl, draws the name. "Ree Grover." I don't know a Ree Grover, thank the gods, but he comes out of the stands and a pang of something hits me. He looks so young. Maybe Aster's age. I don't know him, but I do now. I will know him when we go into the Games. I will know him when he dies. He comes up on stage, sullen, but behind that I see the tightness in his cheeks. Likely holding back a flood of tears. At least he isn't throwing up. The girl tribute from Six did that last year, was dubbed the laughingstock of the Games. Not a path anyone wants to go down. No cheers for Ree, either. Somewhere I can hear loud sobbing – his mother, maybe. I almost want to cry too, but I feel like a corpse already. They grab us by the shoulder, usher us into the Justice Building. On the way I pass the three Victors of our district: Thresh, looking down at the floor, Chaff, passed out on a chair, Lark, looking as bored as she can to hide the fact that the vein in her jaw is pulsing. They say you don't really come back from the Games. That was what Chaff said in his Victory interview. I think he lost more than just his hand. I've heard he lost his family, too – back then, rebellion was in the air like smoke from bombs. Chaff turned to full-out drink ever since Thresh won and he didn't have to mentor anymore. I'd pity him, but pity gets you nowhere. I just hope I don't lose anything to the Games, either.