colors burst before them. I vaguely register the sound of my own panting, but that's nothing right now. I blink my eyes open and they immediately lock onto Peeta's. As soon as I see the lust and desire in his eyes I reach out to him. He comes forward and gives me a sloppy kiss, but it's not enough. "More," I gasp, using my feet to push his sleep pants down his hips. Peeta reaches down and helps me tug his pants down the rest of the way, both of us moaning simultaneously when his erection slides against my slickly coated folds. I grasp his length in my hand and guide him so that just the tip is inside of me. Peeta pants in my ear as I coat him with my slickness, and I keen loudly when I bring him up to graze against my clit. All I can hear are Peeta's moans as I bring him back to my center, and with one thrust of his hips, he's fully inside me. My back arches as I'm filled with him. Peeta holds me close, and when we lock eyes, he slowly begins to thrust in and out of me. My hands float up and down his back, lightly touching as I allow myself to just feel him. My body is tightly strung, ready for another orgasm, but I never want this moment to end. This moment, where it's just Peeta and me, where the only thing I can see is him, the only thing I feel is him moving inside me. "I'm close, Kat," he breathes out. His hand moves down from my breast, and when he begins making small circles on my clit, I lose it. As I reach my high, I hear Peeta shout my name as he releases inside of me. His weight collapses onto me and I wrap my legs and arms around his body, knowing that I probably look stupid clinging to him like this, but desperately craving to feel his body close to mine. Eventually our breaths will slow back to normal and we'll have to let go, but for now all I want to feel is his face buried in my neck as he mumbles, "I love you" in my ear. The next morning I wake up with my leg flung over Peeta's hips and my head resting on his shoulder. "Good morning," I hear him say. I squeeze my eyes shut, not ready to greet the day or to even leave the confines of the room. I'm too happy and content to do anything else. "Do you want to go for a run in a little bit?" he asks. I grimace and use the leg already flung over him as leverage to move myself on top of him, pinning him to the bed. His chest rumbles as I bury my face in his neck, my hair curtained around us. My movement made the sheets we were sleeping under slide almost all the way down my back, and I feel Peeta's arms wrap around me. "Maybe not, then?" he chuckles. "How about breakfast at that café you like down by Star Square? What's it called? Café 451?" As reluctant as I am to get up, I can't pretend that the thought of breakfast doesn't make me perk up. I nod my head and Peeta squeezes my waist before I lean back to prop my arms on his chest, allowing us to be face to face. After last night I feel the need to say something, to express how wonderful it is, how much I appreciate him for loving me despite how much my feeble plans strayed off course. "Peeta…I, um, last night…" Fuck. I give up. "I love you," I finish simply. Peeta's eyes soften and he presses his lips to mine. It's a promise. It's an "I love you, too." I pull back and smile as I get up to use the bathroom adjoining Peeta's bedroom. After I'm finished and go to his dresser to pull some underwear out of my drawer, I see that Peeta has made no movement to get out of bed. Instead, he's sitting up against the headboard, staring intently at his phone. It doesn't take Peeta long to get ready, so I'm not completely surprised to see him still in bed. "You know, I think I might want to try something different this time. I always get the French toast, but maybe I'll try the omelet," I muse as I hook my bra into place. "What are you going to get?" I ask as I pull a clean shirt out of the drawer. I look over at him when I don't get a response. "Peeta?" Hearing his name snaps him out of whatever trance he was in. When he finally looks at me, I see tears in his eyes. Immediately, I go over to the bed to sit next to him. "What's wrong?" I ask fearfully, thinking of his parents or brothers, imagining a million awful scenarios. Slowly, a smile crosses Peeta's face. "I just got an email from the University of Panem. Haymitch and one of my old professors helped put a good word in for me. I've been accepted to their Ph.D. program!" In a completely un-Katniss-like shriek, I pounce on him. "Peeta! That's fantastic!" I kiss a sloppy trail to his lips and he kisses me back hard, allowing me to feel his excitement. His arms wrap around me, and when he pulls his lips away I can see the utter joy and disbelief on his face. "I wasn't sure if they could do it…when I didn't hear anything back for so long I thought there was no chance…" he stutters out. "I'm so proud of you, Peeta." He gets a giddy smile on his face. "Peeta Mellark, Ph.D.," he says with almost child-like glee. His excitement is infectious. "Professor Mellark," I add happily. Professor Mellark. I might like the sound of that.