to turn an appliance off, all the while excited for the day ahead. 'Really? What time is it?' 'Just past midnight' 'Mommy says I wasn't born until this many,' she held up three little fingers in front of her grey eyes, 'in the morning.' 'Oh, okay. We've still got some time then. Maybe you should go back to bed.' He picked her up easily, no longer afraid, or needing to do so out of necessity to save her. She was light and warm in his arms, gentle and loved. He tucked her back into the bed, Effie still undisturbed as they straightened out the linen and tucked it under Etta's chin. A stray blanket was wrapped around her mother. Etta grabbed hold of his hand, as he tried to move away, making him sit in the chair, leaving his hand on the matrass while she played with his fingers. She was out in seconds, her little face relaxing in sleep. He watched her breathe, like he did with Peeta and Katniss, adding the girl to his list of people he would move the world for. Effie was already on there, had been for years without his realising, but her daughter, with gentle freckles and pure spirit was added to the very top. He didn't think he could lose his heart completely to someone ever again, not after his family was killed. But, he had, the beating organ sat in Etta's little, capable hands, entrusted and safe. He was playing with her hair, just how he had played with her mothers, smoothing it back on her scalp, breaking occasionally to wrap a strand around his finger, coiling it before he let it go. He didn't know how long he sat there doing that for, but eventually he lent in, pressed a kiss to her head and whispered in her ear; 'Etta,' he started, voice so quiet he strained to hear it. It was her judgement that would let him free, and finally, he let go of his heart, promising it to her, trusting it in her care. 'Sweetheart, I'm your daddy.' … One Year Later. 'Daddy!' she cried, his title dragged out and stuttered as she ran towards him with arms wide open. Her feet kicked up dirt as she ran along the road, face painted in a smile just for him, a look he never thought would be reserved by his daughter. He caught her as soon as she was close; throwing her up in the air he peppered kisses across her skin. 'I missed you so much.' It was almost a whine as she kissed her father's cheek. 'I'm going with next time.' Haymitch had gone to The Capitol for a week, to discuss District rehabilitation with Paylor. Etta, who had accompanied him once before, with Effie several months earlier had not joined him the second time because she had to go to school. A fact the girl despised. She loved school, thrived with the other children, albeit she was a little hesitant and awkward at first. Etta just happened to have a stellar personality and the good chance of having a mother who did not force Capitol life and style on her child from the second she was born. She only hated school when it got in the way of plans her parents kept. Like, visits to The Capitol, or spending the afternoon with Peeta, whom she adored. 'Have you been good?' Haymitch asked, knowing the girl was trouble. She liked to misbehave only because they let her get away with it, mostly. She was a free spirit in District 12, a child in love with flowers and the grass, she rather climb trees than listen to her mother talk about couture. When she reached a little higher on his hip, her hand cupping his ear he knew she was up to trouble. 'Mommy has a surprise.' She told him, giggling into his neck as he tickled her side for being a tattle tale. 'She says it's a work in prog-ress,' she broke the word down to pronounce it. 'That means it takes some time.' Haymitch chuckled, thanking her for the explanation, pretending as though he had no idea. He watched Effie as they approached, the dirt crunching under their feet. Paylor had promised asphalt for all Districts, transforming them into communities rather than forced living. People have moved now, deciding their new homes, but she still had hope to make it better. Effie was standing in the doorway to their home, large, impressive smile on her face. She already knew that Etta had told him, he did not doubt that it was part of her plan. He grinned back at her, genuinely happy to see the mother of his child and the woman who shared his bed. ' Surprise? ' he mouthed to her, far too impatient to wait until he reached her. Effie smoothed her hands down her clothes and shrugged. Etta was good at playing games, but Effie was better. The girl had to learn from someone. The last time Effie Trinket surprised him, it was with a daughter he didn't know existed. Once upon a time he thought something like that would ruin him, would be his point of breaking and that he would most certainly be broken. But now, he knew he was wrong. There was nothing better in his life than the woman who loved him and his little girl. No one was going to take them from him. He could tell from the smile on her face that she was taking him for a ride, whatever she had waiting or planned he knew it couldn't be too bad. There were worse games to play. There were worse ways for his life to turn out. There were alternatives where his daughter was dead and Effie had left him. But, they were there, happy and smiling, giggling and contriving of tricks and surprises he was all too eager to be lead blindly into.