turned slowly, opting to exit through the front door instead of the back. She thought it appropriate to walk out of his life properly through the front like anyone else would. Haymitch stopped her, a hand to her waist, holding her still. A shadow on the back of her ankle caught his eye. His hand ran steadily down the back of her leg until it stopped, cupping her calf, the fingers of his absent hand ran over the offending shadow causing Effie to tense. He was crouching, his hand gripping her leg while his eyes tried to focus on what he saw. Haymitch growled. The fingers of his left hand traced the neatly drawn image. A tattoo. He scoffed, not very Effie and yet there it was. Three long stemmed poppies traced up the back of her ankle. Her shoes didn't do much to hide them. 'Johanna talked me into it,' Effie whispered too scared to move as Haymitch's grip tightened on her calf. 'You don't get to remember her,' Haymitch hissed. His grip was biting hard on her leg, enough so she was worried it would leave a mark. Effie grew rigid, her muscles tensing under his hand. 'I think you're forgetting that she was my daughter too, Haymitch. You were not the only one left mourning her.' 'You didn't want her.' He cut her off with a stare so vicious when she looked down at him she had to bite her tongue. Never would Effie back down to this man, never. Something primal came out in him when Poppy was concerned and it terrified her. He would never actually hurt someone, but he had tried the day Poppy died. She hesitated for a moment, collecting herself, the anger, her desperation before she let it break. He wouldn't hurl insults at her anymore. 'That's bullshit and you know it!' Her language had been passed on from her time with Johanna. She heard the rustling of his clothes as he let go of his grip on her leg and stood straight behind her. 'She was my daughter. I may have been depressed but I did acknowledge that she was mine.' She spun around, her eyes level with his now that she was wearing heels again. 'Don't you dare take that away from me.' He opened his mouth, ready to retort like he always was. Effie held up a hand, stopping him. 'I'm sorry that I wasn't all there, I'm sorry I refused help. I'm sorry that I wasn't there to help you with our daughter in the little time we had her. I'm sorry that she's dead and that it happened on my watch. But, it wasn't my fault. Don't tell me sorry isn't enough, it's all I've got, for you, for her. It's all I can give you, Haymitch. I can't bring her back and I certainly can't make it hurt any less.' She was standing tall, holding onto the fight she had lost long ago. Tears burnt at her eyes, but she wouldn't let them fall. 'I'm not taking you back.' His face was indifferent, but his voice was soft. 'I'm not asking you to.' She shook her head, small laugh coming from her throat. 'I help Annie with Finn, I'm happy there with them. Johanna comes to visit, she spends some of her time trying to teach me the magic of freedom; although, I could do without the vivacious cussing.' 'That does explain the swearing. Hang on, what, you've been in Four the whole time?' He had taking the trip out to District 4 on several occasions specifically to visit Annie and little Finn. Never once had any of them mentioned Effie. She nodded, 'well, not the whole time. Peeta and Katniss sent me to a wellness centre. I wasn't allowed to leave until I was in better shape and promised to take my medication. I really wasn't well, Haymitch. I should have realised.' He shook his head, no, she had been through too much to notice she was slipping out of control. He should have noticed. 'You'll come visit?' He wondered if it was hard for her, living with Annie and her son, a boy who is nearly two years older than Poppy. Did she think about it? 'I will,' he promised. 'I'm sorry.' She whispered. The seventh time she had said it. He watched her crumble for a second, cracks appearing in her tough façade. 'I'm really sorry,' she whispered for the eighth time. Her voice cracked, a small sob breaking through. Haymitch hugged her instantly, letting her cry into his shirt. It was almost like they were beginning all over again, he rugged and smelling of liquor, she dressed like a silly clown from The Capitol, falling apart in his arms, apologising to him for her own torture. 'It wasn't your fault.' He said it, words he didn't think he would ever say. He was convinced, despite the facts, that he would blame her forever. 'I wish I could go back and change it all.' 'It wasn't your fault.' He managed to say it again, for himself, for the both of them. Reassurance. His hand stroked her hair as he listened to the quiet puffs of her breath below his ear. He couldn't be okay with what had happened, he would never be. His daughter died without proper reason or explanation. He had given her his whole heart. But, Effie still held a piece of it. He was mad, but he could learn to rebuild the bridge in maintaining their old and somewhat tattered friendship. He would see Poppy in her face, wondering if the girl would take his dark curls or her mother's blonde waves. He saw the little girl dance in Effie's blue eyes. Her laughter, a noise she couldn't even make, flew through the trees on lazy spring days. It wouldn't be alright that she was gone, but he could accept it. She was gone, but all was not lost, completely.