cannot achieve without maturity, and it's immensely comforting for someone else to be there to relieve her responsibilities, and to simply understand wordlessly. In the few months that come to pass, she learns plenty. She can hunt now, and her archery is gradually outshining Cato's own even if he'd been the one to teach her. She is undefeatable when armed with bow and arrow, and she finds solace in hunting game in the forest, more often than not alongside Cato. She's managed to persuade Cato to teach her to fight, and during the times they're alone in the woods he complies, and she's astounded by how much he knows. She picks up each skill every Career in training learns the moment they're old enough to be enrolled into the Academy. She learns hand-to-hand combat, throwing long wooden spikes reminiscent of spears, wielding makeshift wooden swords and a few hunting knives Cato had secretly smuggled from his old district. All in all she's the most contented after the mining accident that snatched Mr. Everdeen away from their home. Her favorite moments everyday are when Prim skips home from school and exclaims in wonder over the food she presents on the table, when she snuggles to sleep next to her, when Prim shows her a few sketches of her drawings in an adorable mixture of shyness and pride, when she skips and sings with a glowing joy of untarnished innocence. Her favorite moments are when Cato's teaching her things he's learnt from his Academy, when he quips a funny snarky retort with a level of sarcasm to match her own, when they're hunting together in the woods, reveling in the thrill of breaking the rules together, when he silently comprehends her unspoken pleas, even when he purposely tries to muss up her hair just to elicit a fiery response from her. Secretly her greatest fears are for them both, if Cato and Prim are torn from her life. Mrs. Everdeen remains an empty shell even if Prim manages to get her to eat sometimes. Katniss still hates her mother for breaking down selfishly, leaving her to fend for Prim, but at the same time she's all the more glad for Cato because she'd been a total loss before he caught her outside the Hob and gave her the berries. She doesn't forgive her mother, but slowly she's beginning to understand. Prim can coax her mother to talk on some days, and Prim tells her things even if Katniss doesn't care to hear. Her mother had given up everything from her social status to money for her husband because she loved him too much. She didn't care if people scorned or her parents' anger. She could bear poverty and hunger and endure still. She could not move on again after her husband left, and all of it fell to the simple reason: because she couldn't bear the thought of living without him in her life. It's the last line that strikes Katniss, with both fear and a rush of uncertainty when she's reminded of her own nightmares. It's Prim who reminds her, but she doesn't tell anyone, not even Cato. But it serves to make her strive harder, to work and provide, because she has a purpose and responsibility that Cato can only share and none other can shoulder. She wakes up each morning revels in each day they're together, because she can't tell how long it'll last. After all, she too knows that it's all ephemeral. . . . XI He leaves as silently as he comes. They say he's finally been caught by Peacekeepers, and that he's already trialed for treason and his tongue cut off. Despite his Career heritage he's little more than an Avox now. Some say he's killed on the spot by orders of President Snow. Stories spring up surrounding his departure, rumors of his father being a rebel under cover, and him being shipped off to District 12 when they were found out. A few sigh sentimentally over his fate as if they would have treated him any better had he were still around. Many are curious, but nobody dares to ask the young girl left in charge of the Everdeen household; they all notice the change in her following his departure. She becomes colder, quiet and withdrawn. Her eyes speak of an age far beyond her years, weary yet strong. Some say they're the eyes of a warrior. Frankly they are surprised that the flames in her burn still, trapped as she is by responsibilities weighing heavy as the world. She's always seen walking alone down the streets in the Seam now, and even though they know he's gone there's still something about her shadow that speaks of him. It's the way she walks, silent and swift, the way her eyes are always darting round the streets, observing, the way she's more often than not cold and aloof. The only other person she ever changes for is her little sister Prim. But there's a significant difference between Katniss Everdeen now and the lost, defeated girl hovering outside the Hob ready to kneel before Cray years ago - a steely determination in her eyes that blazes on undeterred, unextinguished. … XII They never cross paths again. Not until the 74th Hunger Games begins. . . . Title inspired by 'I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings' by Maya Angelou. The theme written behind this story speaks mainly of hope, family and friendship: and it's as such that I find the title fitting. Truth to be told I've never read the Hunger Games series neither have I watched the movies - I just jumped straight to fanfiction and learnt all I could from wikia. Perhaps it's due to that fact that Cato of all people became one of my favorite characters :p This is my first HG fic; I hope I've gotten most of the facts right, and even more I hope you enjoyed it. Please review! :)