Annie in the slightest. She squealed in shock, and though it was just a second of jerking her heart beat picked up to something frightening. Finnick pulled her back and she turned to push him hard on the chest with both her hands. Unsuspecting of this sudden outburst, he fell back onto the ground, the wind knocked out of him. "Don't ever do that again!" she cried, eyes a crazed mess. " Ever." Finnick looked surprised and struggled for a few seconds to get his breath back. He coughed, "Alright, alright, I wasn't gonna let you fall anyway." He looked at her and shook his head, "Besides, you would've been fine, even if I did." Annie's eyes narrowed, but she held out a hand to help him up. Stupid Odair boy . "I really don't think I would be, Odair." He gripped her hand and she pulled him up. "Don't be such a drama queen, 25 feet won't kill you," he said as he rolled his eyes. "It's not the height I'm worried about," she retorted. He looked at her with a confused expression. Annie sighed, "I can't swim, idiot." Finnick's eyebrows went up, "Seriously?" His disbelief was clear in his voice. "Cresta, you live in District 4, right next to the ocean, you're twelve years old, yet you can't swim?" Annie's eyes narrowed once more, "It's not that I can't swim, I don't want to." "So you can swim?" "Well no…" "Then why do you say that?" Annie sighed, "I could learn if I wanted to, but I don't, so therefore I see no reason for me to." This wasn't really true, but as if she was going to tell him why she really didn't want to. Finnick seemed to see right through it though. He scoffed, "Yeah, right. Come on, you seriously just don't want to swim for no reason ?" Annie hesitated, "It's not like I don't go into the water or anything." Her voice was getting defensive. Now who looks like an idiot? She thought. "I go deep enough. Just don't swim. I nearly drowned when I was little, you know? No, you can't control those waves, they've got a mind of their own. It seems silly to risk it." Finnick laughed, he couldn't help it. "No," he said quickly as Annie looked offended and began to turn away, "It's not that. It doesn't matter that you don't swim. It's just what you said about the waves. They're not like that, they're like a bed, you're not meant to fight them. You…you float with them." Annie nodded slowly, understanding. She looked down to her hands and thought back to the sea shanty she had been humming before. " It's meant to feel like the ocean ," her grandfather had told her. " You mean sound?" she had answered. Nonno had shaken his head and laughed. "No, the sea feels like that ." Finnick was looking at her, slightly puzzled. "You're a strange one, Cresta." She looked up from her hands, "Huh?" Then realised she had started to hum the song. She tried to retort with something smart, but her focus was lost. Annie Cresta, lost for words? Surely not. Finnick looked slightly amused. "Whatever Odair," she muttered, and picked up the basket holding her shoes and shells. "I'll see you later I guess." With that she turned and walked away. "Hey, Annie," Finnick called after her. She turned to look at him. "Sorry about the whole… cliff thing," he attempted a smile. Annie just nodded at him, but her lips tightened a bit into the beginnings of a smile, though she didn't feel like pulling a full one. The fact that he had used her name deserved at least some recognition. "Don't let it happen again Odair." She then turned and began to make her way down the rocky hill, down to the main bay, back home. Finnick watched her as she went, and decided that while Annie was slightly different, she wasn't so bad. Maybe they could even be friends. He didn't stay on the cliff for much longer, and soon began making his way back down to go swimming on his beach again. "Hey dad," Finnick peered into the main room of the beachside hut in which he and his father resided. The smell of fish cooking caused his mouth to water. "Hi son," his father did not look up from the stove, but was concentrating on the fish, making sure not to burn it. While Alec Odair worked very hard to catch fish, he had a certain talent for burning it, "Dinner's almost ready." The man was tall, and built to be lean. He and Finnick were obviously related, but you could see that there were missing pieces where his mother had left parts of herself on him. Yes they both had skin obviously browned by the sun, though Alec's was darker, and you could see that Finnick was going to be tall and similarly muscled, but that's where the similarities pretty much ended. Finnick's facial features were that of his mother: sea green eyes, angular features and brown hair that had quickly been turned bronze by the sun. Or so he'd been told. Photographs weren't a lot to go by, and when his father had caught him looking at them around a year ago he had snatched them away and stored them in a box. Although Finnick had searched, the box seemed to have disappeared. Basically just an intro chapter, I hope you liked it, review are revered and loved and appreciated and all constructive criticism is more than welcome, really. If there are any mistakes please feel free to point them out. I will most likely be updating weekly at least and have planned several chapters. I haven't exactly decided when this story will end, or if it's going to be broken up because it seems like there's so much to fill in, I'll just see where the story takes me.