and returns to the fight. Suddenly the sun is rising; it must be created by the Game Makers, because within a minute it appears to be nine o'clock. I realize that a group of four tributes has attacked us, two of which remain alive. One is battling Glow with a sword, but Glow is holding his own. I turn to see Flint fighting the girl from the bloodbath, the one I almost killed. My eyes narrow. She appeared so weak two days ago, yet now she's positively ripped. In slow motion it seems, I watch her lash out with her spear, aiming for Flint's head. She misses by inches thanks to his dodge, but follows up with a left handed stab with her knife. It hits his side, burying itself in him. She lets go and he doubles over in pain, allowing her to drive her spear directly up into his heart. The sound seems to echo in my head, rattling my brain. My own heart stops. I knew this would come, I knew only one of us could survive in the end, but I didn't think this would happen. We're the Careers, we're supposed to be the most feared tributes in the arena, and yet we're dying off one by one. I don't realize it's me for a good 30 seconds, buy I'm screaming. Not with grief, but with fury. This notch just killed my cousin, right in front of me. The girl turns to look at me, eyes defiant, but her gaze soon moves past me. Her ally must have fallen to Glow, because the defiance in her eyes has turned to fear. She turns on her heel and takes off toward the cliff again. This time, I will not lose her. My feet are flying over the ground and I don't even feel my body, it's so numb. Rage courses through my veins like no other emotion I have ever felt. I drop my swords, they're weighing me down. My hair, still loose from the day before, streams wildly behind me and I wish I'd tied it back up. It will just get in my way. I understand why Glow reacted the way he did when Shimmer died. I understand the lust for blood. I thought I got it yesterday, but I was so very wrong. The feeling is like a burning fire, it courses through my veins like poison. This girl will die. I hear Glow's feet pounding behind me but I know he's just coming to back me up if I need it. He knows this is my kill. I speed up, my mind shutting down until all I'm focused on is the here and now. We reach the cliff and the girl pauses before jumping down. She must have landed wrong and fallen, because suddenly I'm close on her heels. Without a second thought, my foot pushes off the edge of the cliff with as much force as I can muster and I'm literally flying throught the air like an arrow. She never sees me coming. I doubt she ever thought I'd pull such a ridiculously dangerous stunt. The drop was farther than I'd expected, maybe three to four meters, but I don't feel any pain of impact when my body slams into her shoulders. I swear I broke her spine, but she's still breathing. I knocked the wind out of both of us, but I can't stop now. Turning her over so I can see her expression, I plunge my knife into her chest. She gasps and lets out a wail of pain, but doesn't die. I rip my knife out of her and she gasps, beginning to struggle. I must have missed her heart by a lot if she has this much life in her. I don't know how I could possibly miss a heart, but I don't have time to think about it. Plunging my knife in again, I'm sure I didn't miss. I must be right, because she quits struggling and goes limp. I let go of my grip on the knife and sit panting over her. I've won. But I don't hear the canon, so she must not be dead yet. I lean closer to listen for breath, putting my ear a few inches from her mouth. An excruciating pain pierces my heart. I choak a bit, my throat filling with hot blood. It spills from my mouth and I sputter, rolling off the girl. Her final act was to stab me in the left lung. Her canon goes off. Glow is there, kneeling over me, screaming my name. Or at least I think he's screaming; my ears are suddenly not working properly. I want to tell him to win, that I'll tell Shimmer he loves her, but I can't make my mouth move. I try to tell him to calm down, not show so much weakness. He now only has one opponent left. At least I think it's one. I try to do some mental math really fast, but it seems a lot harder now that half my blood is on my shirt and the ground. I look into Glow's hazel eyes and I think he must get my message, because he suddenly stops moving his mouth and wipes his face blank. I get his distress, he feels at least a bit of loyalty toward his allies, and now he's lost them both in a span of half an hour. My mouth finally opens and I know I have just enough life left in me for one last word. "Win," I force out in a voice that can barely be called a whisper. I'm not sure he hears me at first, but then he grabs my hand and squeezes once before standing and turning his back on me. The slightest hint of a smile plays on my face and my last breath passes my lips. I have a very good feeling that this kid is going to win.