Managing one more grin that made it nowhere near his eyes, the Mellark teen got to his feet and made for the exit of the den. Not sure what propelled him- maybe he wanted to see that flicker of guilt in her eyes, maybe he was a glutton for inflicting damage on his own psyche, he wasn't certain. He stopped right in front of the steel-eyed girl that so haunted him, stating in as clipped and cold a tone as he could manage, "Have a nice afternoon, Katniss." And there it was. Her gaze shot up in alarm to lock with his, his words to her obviously unexpected and he saw that confused array of emotions splay through the infinity of tarnished silver that were her eyes. Such beautiful eyes. Such beautiful steel eyes, which he was entirely unaware, longingly followed every step of his hasty retreat out of her home, down her porch and out of her line of sight. He'd been accused of a lot of things in his life (mostly by his mother during her enraged rants), but he was hardly easily intimidated. And, in the case of a certain Seam huntress, it wasn't even fear that kept him at arm's length. Every fiber of his being yearned for more from her than she wanted him to reciprocate and he loathed himself for that dichotomy in their relationship- he resented her for it. The rational part of his mind tried many times to reason through the cacophony of hurt and dejection that blaming her for not returning his feelings was unfair, cruel even. He found his heart overrode his rational mind time and time again, however. He wanted to be angry with her. He wanted to blame her for his loneliness- his despair. He needed to paint her the villain in his mind's eye to excuse his squandered affections over the past decade, as pretext for the pathetic reality that he was still inexorably in love with her, even after being dealt the deathly blow of her rejection. However, in spite of his discomfort in his neighbor's presence, he often found himself in her home after that first awkward visit, usually in the mornings, often with her mother. The healer was a kind, tempered woman. And, she wasn't exaggerating about her love for his baking. She'd admitted she would've loved to have his father's again, but was simply too ashamed of their past to venture into the bakery herself. He wasn't sure how to respond to that beyond telling her that he and his brothers had taken over the lion's share of the baking years prior, so it wasn't really that much of an issue who made it. They were the Mellark recipes, regardless. A strange kind of fulfilled smile had lit up her expression when he'd told her that. "I'm very happy to know his love for what he does lives on through you, then." The blonde hadn't known how to respond to that… especially when that sad look had flitted though her eyes almost imperceptibly as she said it. The sixteen-year-old had found an unexpected but welcome fringe benefit to the time he was spending with the Everdeen matriarch was the people he met at her home- Seam people. Seam customers were rare at the bakery. Few could afford real bakery bread and those who did come in, rarely spoke more than a few words, the cast disparity making them feel out of sorts communing with Merchant ilk. The folks he met at the Everdeen home were her patients. They didn't look upon him as either Seam or Merchant. They gazed upon him with an awed reverence he could only guess was reserved for a Victor who hadn't taken any of their children off to the Capitol to be slaughtered… yet. He was fairly certain once he came back with a few coffins in tow, they'd look upon him differently. He wasn't going to be able to see himself in the mirror the same, that was for sure. What made these people any better than him? Therefore, he took what he knew would be a transient opportunity to get to know this previously elusive cast in his district. He learned family names; got to know better who did what in the Seam, spoke to them. He found they were a very different people than the merchant class. They weren't cold, per se. However, where he had been raised to consider every Merchant child a friend, Seam children only really seemed to consider family or very immediate neighbors intimate. He realized this was a necessity borne of watching generations of 'friends' being carted off to the slaughter in the Capitol. It likely hurt far less to keep a certain detachment. The Mellark's youngest couldn't help his sorrow at the knowledge of just how unjust the way these children grew up was. He found himself teaching card games to the little ones that came with their ailing mothers to seek out the healer, more often than not, paying Mrs. Everdeen for the services rendered when it was obvious one particular family simply could not afford it. "You can't keep doing this, Peeta," she finally huffed out one day in frustration as he handed her the coins for a patient who'd just left with a six-year-old suffering from measles. "They can't depend on you. You can't take care of them all. There's only one of you. How are you even getting them to accept you paying their consultations?" There was no mirth in the lop-sided grin he regarded her with as he shrugged, "I tell them to consider it a small reparation for the child I might not bring back to them next year." The healer found her mouth hanging open in response. What could anyone in all of Panem say to that ? FIN A/N: I know. Not my best work, but I've told you guys before, these are rushed. However, if you liked it… Please Review!