capable of not fighting for her… Pretty much the only thing you said that's true is that she shouldn't be confused. I'm not saying this because you're my brother. I tell Rye he's a moron all the time." "Hey! Leave me out of this!" Flax easily caught the pillow his younger brother swung at his head and continued. "You outclassed Gale miles ago, Peeta. If this girl can't see that, then she really doesn't deserve you." The baker's youngest son coiled both hands into tight fists, turning away from his older brothers to nearly snarl out in frustration. "But I still want her. I still love her. I hate myself for still wanting her when she doesn't only want me ." "Then, you'll have to be patient with her." When both his brothers snapped their heads to gape disbelievingly at him, Rye's hands flew up in exasperation. "Don't look at me like that! I told you jerks I'm good with girl problems and I'm not a moron, Flax! Short-fused and moronic are not synonyms!" He focused his liquid blue eyes on his baby brother. "She's already into you, Peeta. We all noticed that kiss in the cave was special. It was special enough to get her to notice you. It was special enough to get her to feel about you what she's never felt for anyone else before in her life, what she didn't even know existed. So, she thinks she might feel the same way about someone she's been friends with forever. She's already proven she's unbelievably slow on the uptake with anything that has to do with emotions. She's going to take a while to figure out that you're really what she wants." Peeta brought his arms up to cross over his chest, scrutinizing his brother and ruminating his shrift before retorting obstinately, "I'm not a doormat, Rye. I'm not going to beg her to choose me. I have my pride. I'm worth more than that." Rye let an easy smile grace his austere features as he responded flippantly. "Then, don't little brother. Don't give her anything else. Don't be rude, of course. You're still Peeta. You need to stay Peeta. You're kind and giving and all around good. But don't give her any more of that boy in the cave. Let her pine for that part of you the way you pined for her for eleven years. It's only fair." "We have the Victory Tour in five months. We will have to pretend we're still in love for that. It's sort of the bargain we made with the Capitol for staying alive…" Peeta wasn't sure if revealing this was such a great idea, but his brothers had been so helpful thus far. Flax eyed his baby brother with a wary smile, knowing there was more to that than what the boy was telling them but deciding not to pry. "If she hasn't made her decision by then, at least you will have had time to cool off. Maybe, you'll even be willing to accept a friendship and move on. It's better than nothing after waiting eleven years to so much as talk to her, right?" To be entirely honest, the prospect didn't sound particularly spectacular to the baker's youngest son. However, he had to admit that he was exceptionally angry with Katniss at the present and giving whatever they did or did not have time to evolve of its own accord did sound more logical than stubbornly denying himself any kind of future relationship with her. "Okay. I'll try it and see how it goes." He stated, turning to the half-filled box on his bed. "Are you guys sure you don't want to come live with me? The house is huge!" Rye wrinkled his nose in distaste at the idea. "Nah, little brother. I'm going to enjoy my own room here before I marry Lacy and take over her father's shop." Peeta shrugged and turned to Flax, who shook his head, as well. In the end, he just decided to make a different offer. "Okay. Then, we're going to the Carpenter's shop some time tomorrow and putting in an order for larger beds for both of you." He now sent a pointed look at his eldest brother. "And we're going to make sure yours has an especially thick mattress that won't squeak." Flax raised a questioning eyebrow at his baby brother. "I don't need a new bed… and how do you know my mattress squeaks?" He couldn't help his glacial eyes traveling anxiously to his second youngest brother, who was now inexplicably guffawing and holding his sides while rolling on his bed. Peeta snickered as he mock-whispered conspiratorially in his brother's ear. "You're a newlywed, we have very thin walls in this house and I saw the instructional tape in our human growth and development class at school." At this point, Rye had completely rolled off his bed and was laughing on the floor. Flax's face attained a shade of crimson his brothers had never seen before. He sputtered briefly at a complete loss before jerking the door to the room open and pointing a menacing finger at both the still-laughing occupants. His voice was deathly ice as he spoke. "Either of you breathes a word of this to Chrys and I swear I'll beat you to a bloody pulp!" Then he was gone… a chorus of unrestrained laughter following in his wake. FIN A/N: This was going to be more than a one-shot but I mistakenly erased the second part after I had finished it completely, which really makes me want to leave it a one-shot!XD The second installment involved Katniss facing off with Peeta's mother about what she said to him in the Justice Building when he was reaped. Since I am so swamped with work and it will take a lot of work to rewrite it. I will only write the second part if enough people review showing interest in it. Therefore… Please Review!