parents when she'd asked whether Dr. Mellark assisted in her conception somehow or not, but the families had remained close. Right until the fever swept. ~~~O~~~ Katniss huffed out a breath, hiking the large vinyl shopping bag further up her shoulder as she trailed her way home, cutting behind the line of quaint shops to avoid the main avenue. Not that she'd have to worry about encountering other commuters that afternoon. No one was insane enough to venture out in rain so intense, it stung like needles wherever it touched uncovered flesh. Each time her gait shifted her soaked through underwear with a disturbing slush, she'd yearn for the day she'd turn sixteen and get her license. She would never have heard the end of it if her mother learned she'd been out and about in the storm. She could envision the woman's voice hitting that ungodly pissed parent pitch as she harangued about how Katniss would one day catch her death of pneumonia through sheer disregard of the elements. Well, it wasn't as if she'd really had a choice. For the last few weeks, whenever her mom managed a few hours to come home, she was too exhausted to do little more than sleep. It'd been well over a month since their last proper grocery run. Their fridge was bare, excepting a questionably aged label-less bottle of mayonnaise and that jar of brine juice with the one last pickle neither of them was eager to have, but somehow perpetuated the existence of the container in the fridge. It was either chance-it through the rain to get some food, or gnaw at her cuticles while immersing herself in a paperback to ignore the hunger pangs. Katniss chose the rain. Besides, when she managed to ignore the abusive, pelting deluge—the storm had its allure. It had begun thundering a few minutes after she'd left Dalton's and lightning brightened the darkened late afternoon sky every few seconds. She'd slowed her pace through the sprawling meadow behind the shops to revel in it. Every current arcing down to impact the ground seemed to reverberate through her veins, temporarily rushing superheated blood to her core. A few yards past the hardware store—the last of the shops on that side of the main avenue—she stopped, palms lifting upward as if pleading with the storm. Pleading for what, she could not fathom. All the same, she felt the current in the air spike in response to her eagerness. The lightning that had previously split the sky randomly, interspersedly, began streaking with something akin to… uniformity. Katniss watched as swirls of brilliantly charged light kissed the ground, ranging from the copse of trees a few miles off on either side of the road to a few yards from where she stood. The strikes were steadying into a pattern—something familiar—that seemed to thrum from deep in her chest outward. Every bolt reaching land, splintered out immediately with an echoing burst. Then, a split moment after, within a few yards of her, the event would repeat. Zrr…thrap! Zrr…thrap! Zrr…thrap! The origin of the bone-rattling cacophony lost relevancy. Whether it was a product of the dangerously near surges or her skyrocketing pulse, Katniss was far too enraptured in the light suffusing her to care. Lost in the euphoria, she was only vaguely aware of the increasing tempo to the lightning strikes around her, how each clash made impact inexorably closer, inch-by-inch. Until her head swung back, glistening gray eyes riveted to the dazzlingly illuminated sky. The blinding, scorching white forced her lids to flicker, but they widened a fluttered heartbeat later... when the swell pierced her chest. It could have been a second or it could have been eternity. Time became immaterial as the supercharged particles surged through her, saturating every cell. There was no pain, no shock—only utter completion. And, then, everything went still. In the deafening silence, the surge ebbed, bleeding into the ground beneath her, leaving her at once relieved and bereft. Her lungs aching for oxygen, a gasped breath escaped lips she had not noticed hung agape. Awareness settled in far more slowly than reasonable, with a strumming of pins and needles across her still extended arms. When had she fallen to her knees? When had she closed her eyes? Those parted wide with her next intake of breath, only to narrow with a flinch at the unexpected sting of heat and smoke. It took another moment for the haze inhibiting both her mind and vision to clear enough to realize she was staring at something a few yards off, in the alley behind the last shop. No. Not something, her addled mind struggled to process. Someone. The body-shaped mass, silhouetted by the rain-haloed light from the street lamps of the square beyond, was growing. Another heartbeat lapsed before she could reconcile that meant it was coming closer. Fast. Whoever that was, they were sprinting toward her through the still-bruising storm. Some synapse far in the recess of Katniss's mind tried to spark, communicate that she should feel panicked at that. She should react. Her predicament was precarious. But movement was unfathomable to the rest of her mind and her barely there motor function. Therefore, there she knelt—staring lackadaisically; her splintered thoughts fading into an apothic void that encroached at the edges of her vision. Detached numbness bled through her, a welcome companion. One last cogent notion eked through as the shadowed form filled her quickly abridging visual spectrum. How odd those eyes, such opaque a hue of blue, could glint so bright through the darkness. Author's Note: Thank you to my wonderful beta Opacity for the feedback and editing. This will be the slowest story I have ever written. I usually post a whole fic within a month. The updates to this will come much slower because the story is coming to me in bits and pieces, and not in linear format. But I can promise the story will develop in a very interesting way.