I don't know what to do. I'm always in the dark. We're living in a powder keg that's giving off sparks… When she shook her pompoms and smiled exuberantly for the extended count, it didn't feel forced at all. She relished the waves of music swirling around her – through her – the crowd's frenzied adulation. Up there, secure in her boy's indelibly solid arms- she was not pretty. She was not beautiful. She was radiant as the sun. All the planets rotated around her. 1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8… I really need you tonight. Forever's gonna start tonight… forever's gonna start tonight. What she found swimming in Peeta's eyes when he lowered her and she secured her legs on either side of his waist as he supported her with a hand to the small of her back and rear respectively- would have stolen her breath had any been spared in her lungs after her exertions. The cerulean beamed with that same exhilaration and something else, something intangible she was certain her own eyes mirrored. It made her wish she didn't have to shove against his chest softly, reaching backwards as he gave her rump a little boost to help her momentum into the flip. Once she stepped out of the last back handspring, using the landing bounce to propel her body backward into the first of two back tucks, she saw Peeta completing the first of his own two flips, albeit from a very skewed angle. 1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8… 1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8… 1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8… Once upon a time I was falling in love, now I'm only falling apart. Nothing I can do, a total eclipse of the heart. Once upon a time I was falling in love, now I'm only falling apart. Nothing I can do, a total eclipse of the heart. She reached him a half count early, but she was too twerked on adrenaline to care and just released an exited squeal when his hands once more found her waist. In a blink of an eye, she was astride his massive shoulders, arms flailing in the air madly- imbibing on the uproarious mood. The cacophony of sound as the tune ended was so stark, Katniss was not sure who was louder: the quickly amassing squad or the people on their feet on the stands. Everyone was hugging and cheering and groping. The moment her feet hit the ground from off Peeta's shoulders, Rue all but pounced on her. Annie smothered her. Somehow, she wound up motorboating Delly when she found herself sandwiched between her and Madge. It was all sound, exhilaration, kisses, congratulations, hugs – yes, she was allowing for hugs, this – apparently – was some unbeknownst side effect of delirium. That'd probably be tangible enough excuse for finding herself wrapped in Peeta's arms, him smiling maniacally, heaving breaths against her own idiotic grin. Why they'd simultaneous choose to shorten the distance between those smiles to nothing, however, would become anyone's guess. "Christ, Katniss, I'm sorry that was…" Peeta gasped, his mouth breaking contact with hers abruptly when the reality of what he'd just done (albeit, what he'd wanted to do from the moment he'd laid eyes on her) registered. He tried to pull away, but found the act stifled by the way she suddenly pulled the skin of her bottom lip between her teeth. Even thought became laborious once his eyes fixated on that. "Um… yeah… sorry… heat of the moment… not… um." "Shut up, Peeta," she hissed, burying both hands in his sweaty curls to force his mouth back down to hers. Now that it wasn't completely haphazard, she took her time to savor the kiss, nipping lightly at his lower lip. He tasted of new perspiration, whatever it was he used to shave (perfume-y) and something sweet she could not decipher. Delicious. Peeta, for his part, slumped his shoulders, melting into her. Taking advantage of her obviously diverted thoughts, he bent slightly, braced both hands under her upper thighs and lifted her flush to him in a straddle, making her squeal in surprise against their joined mouths. "This is such a bad idea," he grazed his teeth against her upper lip. "Oh, the absolute worst," she concurred, roaming the tip of her tongue over the seam of his mouth to gain access, which, of course he supplied with fervor. The oral exploration continued, as they remained oblivious to the whoops and catcalls from their squad and football team reemerging on the field (and likely most of the people in the stands). Only when the need for non-reheated oxygen became too great, did their lips part, their foreheads remaining in contact. "I thought you had other priorities, Everdeen." She gave a one-sided shrug. "You wanna try to convince me you're worth the extra maintenance?" "What? Haven't I proven enough? Do I have to lose a limb or something?" "You'd make a very cute amputee." "You're really something, sweetheart." "Yeah, well. You may be stuck with me for a while…" Her smile suddenly grew anxious, her eyes distant. "Can you handle that, Peeta? All that's wrong with me? When I'm impossible, when things get hard, because I can promise they won't be easy with me. I have a lot to get done, Peeta. I've had people leave before- people I allowed myself to need. I have to know that if I let myself need you…" she let out a shuddering breath. "Will you stay?" The response was an emotion suppressed so long - too long – that when it left him, it was a steadfast hiss against her parted lips. "Always." A/N: My most heartfelt gratitude goes out to Everlark_Pearl(mellarksloaves), who is the only real gymnast I know and also happens to be a gifted writer. She did me the very great kindness of revising the technical stuff in the first scene of this and betaing the entire final scene routine so that it made sense. Thank you for your kindness and for your willingness to teach. For Anyone who enjoyed this... Please Review!