way to the kitchen, her movements mechanical and almost painful. The twelve-year-old wrested her eyes away from her, fighting the pang of remorse at her actions that tried to claw its way into her chest. Pity wasn't going to get any of them fed. Her eyes settled on what had landed on the floor when she had shaken the older woman out of her languor. A wave of rage, sadness and unfathomable longing threatened to suffocate her as her gaze traced the detail of the photograph of her parents' toasting. In that instant, fighting back the agonizing tears she was sure she'd let out later, in the privacy of her bed- she made a silent oath to herself she'd never feel that much for anyone in her lifetime. She was never getting married. She was never having children. She would not become her mother. "Well someone's completely zoned out and neglecting her training responsibilities. If she don't have to do anymore of this crap, I'm on strike too, warden." Katniss startled out of her reverie to find Haymitch sprawled on the grass a few feet before her, his head supported by a fist on one propped up elbow. His expression was an infuriating mix of superiority and amusement. A scathing retort was on the tip of her tongue when her eyes darted up to a heavily panting blonde who'd just jogged around the bend of the house into her periphery. He scowled down at her in disapproval, both hands going up in the air as he gasped out, "You can't just quit after a little strain, Katniss. Your body has to get used to the stress of the work outs." His blue eyes now shifted down to their mentor as he moved to stand right behind him. "And you're supposed to be jogging, no breaks for another hour. Now, get moving." He punctuated his command with a non-too-gentle shove to the older Victor's rear-end with his foot. Haymitch looked positively livid as he propelled himself to his feet, rearing to charge the much younger man. "Did you just kick me with that Capitol manufactured piece of crap, you self-righteous piece of-" "HAYMITCH!" A foot away from a completely sanguine Peeta, the recovering alcoholic turned his eyes back to the now standing Seam huntress with something akin to curiosity. "You're not going to beat this psychotic idea of training us half to death out of him. He's as stubborn as you are, two decades younger and, right now, a whole lot stronger. Just do what he says and we can all go home all the sooner." By statement's end, her voice had achieved a whining quality much like that of a petulant six-year-old, but she didn't care. Everything hurt. She wanted to finish with this nightmare and get into a scalding hot bathtub. The old mentor snorted unhappily, clearly unwilling to verbally, acquiesce to her argument. Still, he took off jogging in the direction of the unoccupied houses in the village. "Thanks for the back up." She wasn't sure if it was the fact that she was still shaken from the recent unsavory trip down memory lane or the fact that she was feeling particularly defensive at what she'd overheard, but the question found its way out through her lips as if of its own accord. "Are your little girlfriends still here to fawn over you?" The baker's youngest couldn't help the way both one end of his mouth and an eyebrow quirked up at the inquiry. It was just too unexpected. It was all he could do not to outright chuckle. "I haven't had an actual girlfriend in couple of years, Katniss. But, yes, they left a few minutes ago. The raven-haired girl ruminated this for a moment, keeping her eyes set on their mentor's retreating form, before asking the follow up question she knew she had no business asking, but still found herself in dire need to know the answer to in order to maintain composure for some yet unfathomable reason. "But they were your girlfriends at some point, right?" Peeta's smirk grew into a full-blown grin. Did she even realize she was blushing? "Not all of them." He purposely kept his response as ambiguous as possible. Katniss snapped her head around to level an icy glare at him, to which he only responded by shrugging innocently, the smile never leaving his face. This only caused the Seam teenager to narrow her eyes at him in frustration. "Why aren't you with one of those girls now? They seemed interested enough while they were here." The smile ever-present, Peeta shortened the distance between them inching his face so close to hers, she was certain he was going to kiss her. She found herself eagerly anticipating the kiss. However, at the last second he veered off just right, instead whispering in her ear, "You still owe me a lap around the district before you can go home, sweetheart." With an exaggerated roll of her eyes, she braced both palms squarely against his chest and shoved... hard. She took off running in the opposite direction as his laugh echoed behind her, causing her to snicker to herself as she ran. His laugh was infectious. As she traipsed through the district, her mind wandered back to the accusation Peeta's admirer had launched against her and her own dark recollection. It was true, in a sense. She had never told the boy with the bread what he meant to her. He'd saved her and she'd never told him what he meant to her. Well, that had to be resolved. Seam did not owe debts to anyone. She would make sure that Peeta Mellark knew exactly why he deserved to survive the seventy-fifth annual Quarter Quell. FIN A/N: Ugh! Yes. I was in one of those moods when I wrote this and, yes, if you've ever read any of my other work, you're well aware of the 'mommy issues'.XD If you liked this… Please Review!