you have any idea how dangerous it is for you to move in your condition?" His condition? He felt just fine now that he could breathe, with the notable exception that all he saw was white blinding fog and blurry shadow people, of course. He wasn't jumping to tell her that, though. "What is my condition?" He was shocked to note how raw and raspy his own voice sounded to his ears. What had he inhaled? His shadowy rescuer seemed to hesitate shortly before answering curtly, "Your condition, young man, is lying on your back in an upside-down bus that tumbled eighty-three feet off an embankment, landed very precariously on an outcropping of pines and caught fire. Now, I need you to stay in 'your condition' for the next few minutes so that I can get a neck brace on you, figure out what else might be broken, dislocated or bleeding on or in you before I can haul you out of here. Because I definitely don't want either of us in here if that fuel tank decides to explode instead of just sparking up a few more flames like before. You got me?" Peeta was about to nod his assent, but decided against it after thinking better of it. If she thought he had a broken neck, nodding wasn't exactly what she wanted him to do, was it? So he just settled for a subservient "Yes, ma'am" and allowed her to finish her assessment of his injuries. Once she was satisfied he was safe to move, she called two other figures, these decidedly male, to strap him to a board and carry him out of the bus through the back door. He could only stare up the entire time. His head immobilized by the neck brace. He looked on as they passed row after row of seats, most twisted and bent almost beyond recognition. He looked on as, interspersed throughout all those seats and what used to be the floor of the bus, he saw the unmistakable splatter of crimson. So much red. He shut his eyes to the unsettling sight just as they cleared the threshold. When he opened them again it was to the view of clear night sky, flanked by pine brush sweeping by. It was beautiful. It felt wrong. Where was everyone else? He could tell for the first time when they placed him on the crane to lift him up to the awaiting ambulance, just how far the bus had fallen. His stomach sunk further with this knowledge as he continued to wonder as to the whereabouts of his other debate teammates. He didn't bother asking the people who accompanied him on the ambulance on the trip to the hospital. Although he had a pretty good sense they knew, he doubted they had the pay grade to tell him anything. So, he waited patiently, more quietly than he could remember ever having been in his entire life. When the ambulance arrived at the hospital, it didn't pass his notice the commotion outside the emergency room as he was unloaded onto a gurney and wheeled inside. He couldn't see them, of course, but he could hear them. There were dozens of them, frantic. Screaming, asking, demanding to know who it was that had arrived. Who had been saved? His stomach sank further. By the time he'd been wheeled into the trauma room, he wasn't shocked at the discovery his sideburns were saturated in his own tears. "Oh, baby, you're crying. Are you in pain? Does something hurt?" It was the same woman who'd first found him. She was standing directly over him, and he could see her clearly for the first time. She was in her late fifties with rich dark skin and kind, dark almond eyes that showed such deep concern. His heart only broke further looking at her, but he found it impossible to respond. Maybe, that's why she continued in an encouraging tone, "My name is Doctor Seeder and I'm going to take such good care of you, baby, you hear?" He could feel her stroking his hair affectionately as she spoke. She cleared her throat and he noticed the moisture she blinked away, trying to sound stronger than she outwardly showed. "But, I need you to help me now, okay? I need you to tell me where it hurts so that I can make it better. And… and there are some folks here. Folks who would love to know you're doing better, too. So, if you could tell me your name, I'd sure appreciate that, honey." That did it. He couldn't keep flogging this poor woman, regardless of the fact she was a complete stranger. No one this kind deserved this. "Peeta," He moaned out hoarsely, pitifully, then cleared his throat and tried again more forcefully. However, the result wasn't very loud, either way. His throat was just too raw from smoke inhalation and the horrible foreboding feeling twisting his insides. "My name is Peeta Mellark, Doctor Seeder. And nothing hurts. The tears… I think it's just the shock of all this." The doctor nodded, a small smile inching up the side of her mouth before she sobered to spout instructions to the team surrounding her in the room. "Okay, people. This boy needs a full panel. I want a scan of his chest and neck stat, x-rays on all extremities. Just because he doesn't feel it, doesn't mean something's not fractured. The swelling could be blocking nerve impulse. I want him checked head to toe." Just as the orderlies wheeled him out to radiology, Peeta caught the last bit his doctor told the nurse, her voice sounding so different than it had inside the trauma room- haggard, impossibly defeated. "Tell those folks out there, the reporters and… the parents. Tell them there was only one survivor of that damned overturned District Twelve High bus tonight." "And his name's Peeta Mellark." A/N: If you like where this is going… Please Review!