unsolicited gasp escaping her when she saw the IV protruding from her inner left arm. Her eyes followed the translucent length of thin plastic tubing numbly to its base, where it connected to three plastic bags of clear fluids. Slowly, her eyes shifted away from the bag to scrutinize her surroundings, landing first on the heart monitor next to her IV, then the sterile metal table with medical accouterments and a kidney shaped plastic container, finally lifting to the white and blue striped curtains. Her eyes trailed its length, surrounding the obvious hospital bed she occupied, back to land on her boyfriend, whose neck was black with grime to the point the only place one could see his true flesh tone was those pulse lines below his jaw she just happened to know where a particular weakness. His sweater was just as dirty, torn and… scorched? "Peeta, what happened?" This time, her voice came stronger, courtesy of the escalating anxiety. Her answer came in the form of his lips assaulting hers, the motion too fast for her still-woozy mind to process and decidedly beyond the scope of her expectations. She was too stunned to respond at first, but at the sheer vehemence, the desperation of his lips' assail on hers, his teeth nipping the dip of her upper lip, she found herself melting into the onslaught, acquiescing to the wordless demands his probing tongue exacted. He tasted of salt and burned wood, of sweat. And, though she probably should care, once he ran that pattern along the roof of her mouth he knew so well, she could not for the life of her remember why it should matter. When the kiss broke, Peeta'd wound both hands into her hair and used them to hold her close, bracing their foreheads together as he stared into her eyes. She narrowed hers in response to the agony she saw darkening his irises to a near midnight blue and thinning them to near inexistence. "She knew, sweetheart", he snorted devoid of mirth, wincing as if the words caused physical anguis. "She knew exactly how to do it. She's admitted to everything. She even admitted she hoped I'd find you alive, that she wanted me to find you. She didn't want to hurt you. She didn't even want to hurt me. She just wanted me to know." Still confused, although she was slowly piecing together the physical evidence around her, the arms that had found their way around his neck tightened as she asked tentatively, afraid she already knew the answer, "She wanted you to know what, Peeta?" He took a shuddering breath and she watched a tear cleanse a path down the soot on his left cheek. "She wanted me to know I can lose what I love just like everyone else. That it doesn't matter how strong I am, or how fast I am, or what I can perceive about the world… all that makes me extraordinary. When it comes down to it, everyone's the same. We all break, just in different ways. She wanted me to know she could break me. And she did, Katniss. I'm not doing it anymore. I can't. I can't risk you again. I won't." She pressed her lips firmly to his, letting one hand become lost in the wayward curls at the nape of his neck, circling in soothing circles. When she pulled away, she waited for his eyes to open and pinned him with a defiant, unwavering gleam. "You can stop whenever you believe it's too much, Mellark. But, don't you dare use me as an excuse. There will always be sick people who hurt others just because. This could've happened to me, either way. The only reason I'm probably still here is because I know you. So, don't stop using your gift because of me. And, if someday I'm gone, don't let that become an excuse to stop. You have the power to help people where so many others are helpless. Don't let this change that. This changes nothing. So, you're vulnerable. Welcome to the club." He desperately wanted to fight the corner of his mouth edging upward. He wasn't sure if it was a nervous twitch or a response to the adoration, pride and vexation quarrelling for dominance within his overtaxed heart. Either way, the gesture seemed sacrilegious to the somber atmosphere and he tried to squelch it as he diverted his eyes to her lips, bringing one hand around to strum the pad of his thumb gingerly over her cheek. "I need you too much," he heaved, still unwilling to relent, beseeching her understanding with the plead in his tenor. "I need you, too, Peeta. So has every single person you've helped the last four years, the people whose lives you've changed… those who owe you the time they still have. I know you're scared. I'm scared, too. Don't think I'm not. I'm terrified every night you're not with me, every time you suddenly walk out of a theatre or a restaurant to follow lord-knows-who to lord-knows-where. We both know you're strong, not bullet-proof. It would only take one lucky shot, Peeta." She had to stop, drawing a stabilizing breath before continuing in a softer voice, "We agreed to this together. We're a team, along with your family. We all agreed it would be hard, very hard. But we also agreed we would stick together, help each other through the hard knocks, to be your support in this. We're here Peeta. I'm here. Don't let this take you from what makes you whole." He clasped her cheek, brushing his lips over hers again feverishly, then pulling back just far enough to whisper, "I don't want to." "Stay with me," she exhaled, sharing his panted breaths, her heart thrumming in heart chest, narrowly to the point of discomfort. His response was spontaneous and he no longer fought the content smile that accompanied it, pinning her with the irrefutably sincere cerulean of his eyes. "Always."