within work; Jay was admittedly frightened, as she shrunk backwards against the same wall she had been considering bland and dull only minutes before the aggressive assault on her tired face. "Are you stupid ?" Beth hissed bitterly at her, and Jay had a feeling that she wasn't supposed to answer; so she simply stared at Beth, confused by the sudden change in behaviour that she was experiencing from the redhead who had always been nice to her—albeit, a little cruel sometimes; but all best friends had their condescending moments. Beth had started to pace, "You ridiculed me out there, Jayden! This was my chance to prove myself, and you took that away from me; so I hope that you don't come out of that arena—and even if you do, though we both know that someone such as yourself won't manage it, I hope you become a hollow shell of yourself; and never leave your new home." Beth told her as she pointed fingers at the brunette, who still remained on the floor; but had since started to softly weep, as this was all coming to her far too quickly for her to do much else than to prove Beth right—Jay was nothing more than a crybaby beneath the kindness and intimidating act she liked to perform; and the other tributes knew it, too. Beth continued to rant for a minute longer; kicking her sharply within the shin to finish herself off, which drew a pained sob from the brunette. It was around that time that the Peacekeeper outside of the door must have started to feel something wasn't adding up, as the door flew open and the man was on Beth in a matter of seconds; shouting at the blonde to back off, and Beth seemed to go along willingly for the most part. Though, just as the Peacekeeper was pulling her from the room; Beth got in one final hit on Jayden—though this one was a verbal attack that left the brunette fuming, "And don't worry about Keith; I'll make sure to keep his bed warm, like I've been doing for the past month." Laughter shook the redhead as a malicious grin spread across her lips, and Jay was on her feet in a matter of minutes; limping ever so slightly due to the kick, but running towards the closing door with every intention of grabbing the red haired bitch and making her pay for what she had said—even though she knew her words were so very true. BANG! The door slammed shut, just as the brunette slammed into the door; banging her hands against the door and screaming for someone to let her out, so that she could have her way with the still laughing teen who she no longer considered her best friend; but rather her next victim, whether she murdered Beth before or after the games was unimportant—she just knew that now, as she banged her fists on the door and screamed that Beth better find a good hiding spot before she returned home, she was going into the arena as the same determined tributes who were entering from other districts. And that thought swelled inside of her; even as she was heading to the train station with Jamie, and ignoring the panicked fretting of their escort and the curious stares of many others—even as she was boarding the train and taking a seat next to Jamie on the luxurious sofa, which gave them both the perfect view of the landscape on the other side of the train; where she wouldn't have to look at the crocodile tears of Keith, and where he wouldn't have to see that the station was void of his family for the umpteenth time since a tribute had been chosen. Even as the train started to take off, apparently moving at inhuman speeds; according to their escort—not that any of them could feel it inside of their cart, she kept it buried deep within the front of her brain; determined to live up to it. Even as her body became tenser with each passing moment, and even as her glare remained solid as their escort excused herself to find both Gloss and Cashmere; and it became that much more prominent when the two siblings arrived, taking a seat on the sofa across from them with expressions that told Jay that they knew they were dealing with the runts of the litter—two tributes from a Careers district that didn't view the games as an honour, but rather a sentence. Gloss was the one to speak; deep voice soothing, "We're here to make sure you remain alive for longer than five minutes within the games; how about we get to know each other a little, before we arrive in the Capitol?" And no one seemed to protest—Jay seemed open for a little bit of discussion before they got into the more detailed stuff, Jamie seemed uncertain about everything that had escaped his mentor's lips, and Cashmere had merely smiled in her ever charming way; looking between the two tributes, as though they were children that she needed to raise and protect. The two of them felt a little more protected beneath the kind expression; but they both knew it wouldn't last for long—they were their mentors, not their babysitters; they would soon enough be making sure that the odds were indeed in their favour, as they intended to make a victor out of either one of them—no exceptions; no weaknesses; only victory. DISCLAIMER: The Hunger Games does not belong to myself; only the wonderful author who thought up of such a complex story, Suzanne Collins. Most of these original characters also do not belong to myself, but rather some very good friends of mine; and I thank them deeply for allowing me to place them into this story that I've thought up. OC OWNERSHIPS FOR CHAPTER ONE: Jamie Madrox belongs to Ryan 'Zod' Gosling , Jayden 'Jay' Parker belongs to OblivionIsOnlyInevitable .