never giggled, never tripped, or even acted a little ditzy. Then it popped into my head. Danielle was smart. I mean, really smart. It must have had something to do with strategy. I'd ask her on the train, but for now I'd go along with it. Then my family bursts into the room. My father is the glue holding everything together, my mom is in tears, my older sister, Sierra, is acting tough, while my younger sister, Chloe, is a complete wreck. We all hug and sob, getting it all out of our system. When they leave, I leave as well. I make it to the train and Danielle has that look again. That look that screams unfamiliarity. I knew then that Danielle had started playing the games, so I needed to too. District Six: Willisity's POV: I got up with a big sigh. The biggest day of the year, Reaping day. The day where I get to see two poor kids head off to their death. The day I see families broken and torn apart. The day of torture. I get up and rummage through my closet. I could dress nice for the Reapings, but where would the fun in that be? I put on my black shirt with a huge smiley face in the middle and some plain jeans. My friends are going to love this. I head downstairs and give every member in my family a hug. I had two older siblings and two younger siblings. This left me stuck in the middle. It was just fabulous…not really. I never could find my place in this family of brainiacs. I mean, I was smart, but not the smartest. I was strong, but not the strongest. I was just Willisity. My family all chuckled at my outfit. They said I brought humor to the family, but I didn't that counted. It didn't compare anything to my older brother's brains. I grabbed a quick breakfast and ran out the door. I'd see them later. I ran into my two best friends, Sage and Ebony. They were a set of fraternal twins. I had a lot of friends, but they were definitely the most trust worthy. We walked to the town square laughing. I was trying to ease the tension with some jokes. It seemed to be working to an extent. We then split up. I walked over to the fourteen year old age group, while Sage and Ebony walked over to the fifteen year old groups. I felt my sandy blonde hair blow in the wind. I should have worn it up today… I glared at the mayor with my intimidating blue eyes as he took the stage. Why couldn't she just disappear? I glance at the escort and mentor. Naomi Picou was sitting there with a sad look in her eyes. It makes sense, her brother died in the same Hunger Games as she won. Then of course, she was all alone now. The other victor, Mitch Showhet, died of a morphling overdose this year. Not that he was much help, but he probably gave her some comfort of home. The she had the worst two tributes last year. I shivered with the memory of watching them. There was Misty and Wesley. Misty seemed smart, but aloof at first, but when she poisoned Wesley we realized she was a snake. She almost won too, but was killed by another tribute in battle. Fighting wasn't exactly her strong suit. Then there was our escort, Singing Rain. Ugh she bugged me. She seemed less chipper this year though. Good, maybe someone gave her a reality check! I see Singing Rain dig around for the girls' name. It won't be me. It can't be me. Somehow, it is me. I freeze, but then put on my act. It's all good. I put a smile on my face. I got to make the best of this, for my family. I keep smiling, even when no one volunteers. I keep smiling even when my district partner heads up the stage. His name was Austin Olson. I had heard of him. He had a weird family, but seemed nice enough. Too bad nice people get killed first. I shook his hand. Maybe we could be allies, but I doubt it. We would probably just be polite, but nothing major would happen. I headed into the Justice Building. Let the Hunger Game's begin, whether I'm prepared or not. Austin's POV: My family barged in and we cried it out. I had two older siblings. One was my half brother, Derek. His dad died sometime when he was born. Then my dad came and out came Rose and I. We were really close, even though we had to go through hard times. Now being one of them. I had to sign up for food a few times, but not enough to tip the scales. I guess it was enough to get me picked. We continued to cry until the Peacekeepers forced them to leave. I then sat down and tried to gather my thoughts. The girl seemed nice…what was her name..? Will something. Maybe we could be allies…or not… I don't know how she feels about me. I would need allies to make it past the initial blood bath. I wasn't the fastest or the strongest. Maybe I could convince someone to be my ally. I was pretty likeable, I think… as I left for the train, all i could think of was one thing. I was so screwed. Hey! The first chapter finally! I am soooo excited to hear your guys responses! Sorry it took so long, I took a little break and was pretty busy :D So read and enjoy! Also, shout out to one of my beta's, 3rdbase101! Thanks for being awesome :DD Also, re uploading this story legally ;) I will be uploading one or two chapters a week, maybe even more. Hopefully I'll get some new readers who like this story!