mysterious forest or the urban paper mills. The citizens who work in the former are strong and able to survive, though the latter are often weaklings who fear the prospect of being reaped. District Eight – Responsible for textiles. Underfed, forced to work long hours for little pay, and expected to die in the Hunger Games. Due to this the District fails to hold the nationalism of Career Districts, and instead produces many rebels. A planned revolution led to President to punish them by placing them into lockdown, where they are forced into communities and have every move watched by cameras. District Nine – Works in food and meat processing. The handling of blood has often led to many mentally unstable citizens, and there is much blood thirst among citizens. This makes them the perfect contenders for Careers, making the Capitol surreptitiously fund Career training bases. Despite the immense poverty, there are Careers among the District Nine citizens. District Ten – Responsible for cattle and animal farming. Often face poverty, unless they own immensely successful ranches. The citizens of the Districts usually have the strength and knowledge of nature to make them efficient victors, though none have yet been produced. District Eleven – Responsible for agriculture. Though a majority of it displays beautiful fields and orchards, the living conditions and extreme weather patterns produce malnourished and poverty stricken tributes who are both terrified of the Hunger Games and the Capitol regime. Despite the lack of support from District Eleven tributes, it is governed by a strict Pro-Capitol regime who severely punish the citizens. District Twelve – The poorest District. It is responsible for coal. The citizens in it are almost soulless, forcing themselves to work in the dark, grim mines daily in order to scrape money to survive, though most can never garner a comfortable amount. The streets are grim and dust stricken, the only relief being the nearby forests. It is extremely common for citizens to perish here, through starvation, illness or mine accidents. District Thirteen – Responsible for the extraction of many raw materials – graphite, steel, iron and lead. It is a poor District, though its citizens live communally and support each other; ensuring no-one goes without. In such an environment, the prospect of rebellion is imminent, and many rebel groups are being formed. The President plans that if one more rebellious act is to be committed, then the District will be placed in lockdown. District Fourteen – This District is responsible for the production of synthetic goods, such as plastic. It was a District founded recently by the Capitol, and its citizens there were once happy and lived outside Panem's ravenous government, though now they endure poverty, starvation and illness. It originally had a small population, though it had turned into an open spaced jail where rebels are sent to in order to prevent rebellion brewing in other Districts. So it's me, ToxicatedRose. Some of you won't have heard of me, because my reader base is a pond to Europa's ocean, but I hope I entertain you as well as Europa does so spectacularly. This story has been planned for a while by Europa and I, so actually doing it is really thrilling, this is a whole new experience which I'm looking forward to, because so many great things are lined up and there's the chance to collaborate with a truly spectacular author, which is always great. Europa and I don't share countries, so there'll be a difference in our spellings. Please excuse them, read the information thoroughly and enjoy! Hey it is Europa :D I know most of you haven't heard from me in a while, but what better way to make a comeback then by starting a new story! Although I respectfully disagree with Toxic on the whole "pond/ocean" thing, I hope that we can make a killer story together with a ton of followers between the two of us! Now on to the tribute form! Now, I hope you read the District Info because the Districts are different! Or slightly so! And even though the Capitol is extremely different, the tributes still act the same. They don't talk weird or wear corsets xD Now, please be detailed! The more detailed the better shot you got at being accepted. Also, we do not want a ton of evil psychopaths or orphans, but what is a story without them so feel free to submit! And finally, if you even think of making a Mary-Sue or Gary-Stu, don't. They will not make it in even as a bloodbath. No one wants the perfect tribute. We want our tributes to be lifelike, which means flaws! Can they be pretty, smart, and strong? Yes, but they cannot be drop dead gorgeous, Einstein smart and amazing with every weapon known to man. So make some flaws! One more thing, tributes submitted via review will NOT be accepted. They must be submitted to either me or ToxicatedRose! Also, we will be waiting a little bit so don't rush yourselves. We will be taking our time deciding and waiting for as many submissions as possible! So go forth and create! Oh and one more thing! You may submit as many tributes as you like! I'm talking one hundred (i know you wont haha) but we are only accepting one per person for our story! Name: Age: Gender: District (1st, 2nd, and 3rd choice): Appearance (Hair, eye color, body type, etc.): Personality (Please tell me as much as possible! I need to know who they are): Quirks/Mannerisms: History/Background: Family (age, relationship with the tribute, etc.): Friends: Person Closest to them: Status in District (rich, poor, loved, hated, etc.): Chosen or volunteered: If volunteered, why: If chosen, reactions: Goodbyes: Strengths: Weaknesses: Hobbies/Talents: Fears: Weapon of Choice: Opinion on Hunger Games: Opinion on the Capitol: Open to Alliances: Open to Romance: If so with either or both, with what kind of person (most likely): How they act in public: Pre-game strategy: Bloodbath strategy: Token: