of their big brother and Katniss can see an invisible weight leave Rory's shoulders. She doesn't feel Prim's embrace until a second later while Gale and Madge are still kissing in the big screen. Katniss knows she should be happy, but she can't really feel a thing. For the next two weeks she feels like everything is just a dream. She can't let herself be happy because she feels something can go wrong. Gale seemed perfectly fine when the hovercraft took them out of that arena, but maybe... Maybe they did something to him. Katniss is well aware about the fact that he did some things that were unusual and she is so afraid... So afraid that, maybe, they will kill him in the Capitol, or change him. She already couldn't read him during the Games... She may be too afraid to admit that even alive she could have lost him. She has her chance to check on him 15 days later in the interview. Her heart beats fast in her chest like when it was him fighting for his life in that woods that looked so much like home. Katniss barely hears what Caesar is saying. She barely registers what happens until he and Madge hit the stage. She wants to see, she wants to drink on him until she can figure out how much of the old Gale she still has. But she has no chance because before Gale has time to do more than adjust his eyes to the light Madge jumps on his arms and kisses him with a force Katniss didn't know she posessed. Katniss closes her eyes until the point she can only hear the crowd's cheers and Caesar saying something like: -Guys we only have a 3 hours show! The interview isn't even that long because most part of the show is a big recap about everything that happened in the arena. Not like the districts aren't forced to watch the Games whether they like it or not. This time they tell them a story of an impossible love. The screen shows a few Capitolites shedding their tears in the key moments like it's the first time they see it. It isn't until the recap ends that the interview starts and Katniss is able to get a better look at Gale. His face looks a little more thinier, but as handsome as ever. His hair is styled in a way that pretends to look like he didn't spent any time doing his hair, but Katniss knows it never look like that. But that's not what worries her. What it does worry her is how tired his eyes look. There is still fire but underneath a veil of something Katniss can't place. And he talks a lot. He never was a man of words and the fact he is talking so much right now only makes her think that something is going on with him. He definetily changed and by the look of Hazelle's face she isn't the only one to notice it. He comes home today. Katniss can't wip the smile out of her face. Nothing matters, all the worries and problems and her rollercoaster of feelings; because he kept his promise. He is coming home. Katniss waits in the train station with her mother and sister and the Hawthornes. Posy giggles all the time, knowing his brother is just a few miles away from them. The whole station is filled with District 12's people and journalists. She spots Thom's black hair a couple of steps behind her. Soon the train comes into sight and Katniss' heart beats so loud that she thinks everybody can hear it. And then, the door opens, people start to cheer and there he is. Or, actually, there they are. Gale and Madge hold hands and smile at the crowd until Effie releases them and Gale runs to his family with the biggest grin Katniss ever saw in his face. -Gale! Posy is the first one to get into his arms, running at him in one of Prim's old dresses and with the pink ribbon Katniss bought her in her hair. Posy had asked Prim to braid her hair with it this morning to look like a real princess, making Katniss feel satisfied. Gale hugs Posy tightly, whispering things into her ear. A moment later Hazelle steps foward like she has doubts he is real and Vick and her join Posy. But Rory is freeze in his spot looking at his shoes like they are the most interesting thing in the world. Afraid. That's until Gale gets to his brother, with Posy still in his arms, and he pulls him into a long hug. -You must hate me -Rory's voice comes out muffled. -Rory I could never hate you for something it wasn't your fault. Hazelle then comes in to take Posy out of Gale and he finally looks at her. And suddenly, Katniss is the one who has a blank mind. Over the last two months she thought a lot about what she would say to him when he came back and now that he is there, a very real Gale, and she doesn't know what to say, so she does the only think her mind is screaming to her to do and lands herself in his arms at full force. -Hey. Katniss tighens her grasp, her arms pressed against his back, feeling the heat underneath the blue shirt he is wearing that makes him look more like her Gale. She doesn't answer afraid that her voice would waver. -Did you miss me, Catnip? -he says, hands caressing her hair. A strange sound between a sob and a laugh leaves her lips at the presence of that ridiculous nickname and she can hear Gale's chuckle. Her head is pressed against his chest and she can almost hear the steady rhytmh of his beating hear. And for a moment, a small moment, she is happy. Everything is alright.