weak from malnutrition. She died four weeks before my first reaping. Deciding I didn't have much to live for anymore, I applied for tesserae which got me ten slips of paper, with my name on them, in the big glass drawing ball at my first reaping. Terrified out of my wits at my first reaping, I cried of relief when they didn't pick me. But having no one to cradle you while you cry or not having anyone to tell you it's gonna be alright, hardens you up. I decided if I wanted to keep getting tesserae food, I'd have to keep entering my name. The odds were becoming less and less in my favor. Understanding I might get picked, I trained myself in the barn. With stolen daggers and swords I sliced up dozens of self made hay people and killed about a dozen cows, sheep, and pigs to practice on moving targets. I got very good with my sword. I felt safe knowing id prepared for the games. I liked the confidence, carrying around my sword, gave me. Ever since my gran passed I've moved from place to place stealing, playing my picker of the streets and doing small tasks for people every once and a while. Usually someone will come around and ask me to heard cattle or watch over grazing hours. I'm real good with the animals. The horses especially. Gran loved horses more than anything in the entire world. Except maybe me. When I was real young I would beg gran to let me help her treat her horses. The horses Gran worked with were always the best of the best. She worked for a rich horse breeder. My favorite horse to work with was CrestFallen. The horse never neighed, kicked, whined or got out of control. It was a very smart horse and did everything it was told. The show horse always stood, regal looking and lovely, with its shiny honey brown coat and long blond mane with a constant, serious looking, expression on its face. Gran used to kid that they named the horse CrestFallen because the horse always seemed to be depressed. But once I overheard a couple other workers that say the owner's wife died the day they acquired that horse. Watching gran work I learned a lot about caring for horses. The proper way to groom them, how to calm them, what snacks they like. But most importantly I was taught how to ride them. I was an excellent rider. People always asked me to ride around and herd cows and they would give me food. That's all I did. After an hour of playing myself a lullaby I sleep. I wake up to the blinding sun squeezing through a crack in the old barn door. I open my eyes to find two large brown eyes staring back at me. The creature sticks out its wet tongue and licks me from my chin stopping at my eyes. Ew. I jump up, still clutching the guitar. I remember what day it is and I look at my reflection in the shiny wood of the back of the guitar to see five red slashes on my cheek. I must've slept on the strings. I bury it in the hay and grab my pack. I kneel down and zip open the bag. I grab a stolen hair brush and use it to push down my curls at an attempt to control the madness. After my grandma died I cut my hair very short and tried to keep it that way but I haven't gotten the chance to get my hands on a pair of shears for a while and my hair is currently shoulder length. The district always makes a show of reaping. Always having everyone look especially nice for the occasion. But really, no one knows what to expect today, with the capital on its way. Once I brush out my curls I return the brush to the pack and pull out the dress I took from the clothing store, last week. I stole the dress for this occasion. The entire goal of this year's reaping is to not let your child stand out front he rest of the crowd. If you stand out, you will be noticed. And the last thing I needed was to stand out from the crowd because I'm not wearing a dress or because my hair is frizzy. I made sure to pick a nice dress too. The dress was an excruciatingly soft material which I am guessing is silk. My grandma had a silk scarf she kept tied around her waist. The color of the dress was a dark green color that i thought went nicely with my eyes. It had a not too low V neck and was fitted until it hit the waist and then flared out to a soft a line skirt that hit just above my knees. I slipped on my dress and admired how it hugged my curvy bust and gracefully outlined my waist. I haven't worn a dress like this since last year's reaping, and that dress was nothing compared to the quality of this one. I twirled enjoying my beauty and the soft fabric brushing my thighs and then I stopped. What if this dress is too pretty? What if they notice me? I'll be in the front after all because of tesserae. This year, since there was no drawing of names, they are doing the reaping formations differently. The children are out in sections with the oldest, and the children with the most tesserae, nearer the front, and the younger ones of rich children farther away from the front. The children are put far away because it's supposed to turn off the capital from choosing them. But really, no one knows what the capital is going to do when they arrive. I leave the barn and head to the main grazing field that is cleared out for reapings.