loyal people. However, other tributes tend to abuse this which leads to the untimely death of many. This District has banned together and started rebelling against the Capitol. They were the first and, because of this, are currently under a heavy lockdown. They are only allowed to go to work and if anyone is on the streets past a certain time they are shot on the spot. This, however, has only fed their fire and desire for freedom. District Nine: The Meat Packing District. District Nine is one of the roughest districts in Panem. It has the highest crime rate in the entire country. Everyone in this district is surrounded by hardships and most respond by turning to some sort of illegal activity; whether that means gangs, prostitution, drugs, thievery, or even secret Careers. However, because of what they have had to endure, this district currently has the most victors bar the Career Districts. The tributes from this district are always contenders and are never to be overlooked or scoffed at. District Ten: The Ranching District. District Ten is filled with grassy knolls and rolling plains. This is a very calm and isolated place to reside. For most people, this place is almost in a different universe than the hard life so many people know in Panem. Most citizens live on farms stretched far away from one another, but there is the main town where the Mayor, other officials, and the oldest, wealthiest families live. Everyone owns a car, carriage, or horse for travel and no one is dirt poor. Tributes from this district know a plethora of things about animals, nature, and hard work. This tends to give them an advantage in the Games that most tributes don't have. However, because of how isolated they are, these tributes tend to not be prepared for the true horror of the Hunger Games. District Eleven: The Agricultural District. District Eleven is split into three different parts. One part is where the farmers live. This is where they farm and harvest things that grow from the ground. The second part is where the orchards are. This is where many of the women work and gather the fruit. The third part is where the basic shops are open and where the Mayor lives. Most Peacekeepers are very harsh in this district. The citizens of this district are poor and packed tightly together. Although they have knowledge of nature, these tributes tend to be very frail like those of District Three. This has caused them to usually be labeled as Bloodbath tributes. District Twelve: The Mining District. District Twelve is considered the weakest district of all. No child is allowed to work in the mines until nineteen, which means they have no advantage from living in this district. The district itself is split into two parts. One is the lower-middle class, which is called the merchants. They sell goods and try to keep afloat what little economy they have. The other is the lowest class, which is referred to as the seam. Many families have no food and starvation is very common here. This district is currently rebelling against the Capitol. The citizens are split fifty-fifty. One half is hiding and hoping the Capitol won't do to them what they did to District Thirteen so many centuries ago. The other half was started by the Hunters. The Capitol is currently looking for these rebels and one of their leaders, Nelly Lions. District Thirteen: District Thirteen used to be the Nuclear District. Ever since the second rebellion, the Capital has assigned them to manufacture weapons and transportation, such as hovercrafts or trains. The people of this District knew the Capital was going to suck them back into the Hunger Games eventually, so for centuries they have trained their offspring. Most of the tributes from this district do not have the Career mentality. They trained to survive and that's what they plan to do. This is their second year participating in the Hunger Games and they are currently on the edge of rebellion. It is taking every threat and Peacekeeper to stop them from breaking out into a full blown war. Upper Capitol: The Upper Capitol is filled with old money. Wealthy estates and families have resided here for centuries. Most are politicians, socialites, and government workers. The children of this sector are the most privileged and have had the best education possible. They are seen as the brightest the Capitol has to offer and are the future of it, just like their ancestors that came before them. Center Capitol: The Central part of the Capitol is where the life truly is. The remaining wealthy citizens live here with their families, as well as new money. Everyone here lives in high-rise apartments and penthouse suites. Many people here work in entertainment or for the Hunger Games themselves. Many businesses line the streets and some are run by families. This part of the Capitol also houses all of its celebrities. The children here are still very privileged, but tend to get away with whatever they want. Their families are never around and no one enforces rules on them. Many children fall into the party scene and some are the next up incoming socialite or celebrity. Lower Capitol: If the Capitol had poverty, this is where they would live. The poorest of the Capitol (who would be considered the richest of District One) live in hive-like complexes. The citizens who live here are law enforcement, safety and wellness, and work for shipping. This part of the Capitol has all of storage and shipping yards. This is where all the goods they receive from the Districts are delivered. The pay is well simply because no one wants to do it and many can work their way up to more glamorous jobs. The children here tend to be more level-headed and grounded, but not by much. Many crave the nightlife and riches. They can't wait to work their way up.