honey brown eyes that melted Gale's panic expression) looks up from his dance partner and spots us. I look over at Katniss and I see the nervousness in her face and I grab her hand. She begins to smile while squeezing my hand and holding the wrapped present tightly as we walk towards Gale and his dance partner. "I'm so glad you could make it. Ooh what did you get me? By the way this is my fiancé Cataleya Cloverfield." He beams as he introduces us. "She is beautiful Gale, how did you manage to get a girl like this to fall for you." Katniss sarcastically chuckled out. "Ha-ha Catnip, well with my charming personality, good looks that you would know about since it 'runs in the family', my hunting skills, and of course, my ability to make her smile at any moment. In about three seconds she is going to blush.1…2…3. There it is." He smiled at her blushing "It is a pleasure to meet the both of you and thank you guys for showing up, but I have to go make my speech, if you don't mind I'll take that for you" she points to the present and smiles. Katniss hands it over with an anxious expression on her face. Cataleya sets the present with the others and quickly walks onto the stage to begin to making her speech. "Attention everyone, I would like to thank everyone for coming to my handsome fiancé's twenty first birthday party, it means so much to him. I have only known him for two years but it doesn't take long to fall in love with him. Gale, has been through pain it's written all in his majestic grey eyes, he faced things a normal twenty one year old should have faced: death from both his father and his best friend's sister, unnecessary anger well think that one is just his part of his personality, family supporter at the age of 14, depression, mild anxiety, and etc. Even though he faced tough memories he still manages to make anyone close to him smile. I know life has not treated you well sometime but sweetheart from here to eternity we will just try to make that 'the odds be ever in your favor'! Happy Twenty First Birthday Gale and many more to come!" she smiled and ran down to hug him. Gale was crying into her hair. "I'm glad he met someone special" I thought. After Cataleya's speech we sung happy birthday and Gale was about to open his presents until he screamed " Everybody shots, shot, shot, shots, shots, shots, everybody!" After opening all of his presents Gale pulled Katniss to the side to talk privately. "So how did you meet Cataleya? When did you fall in love her? When are you guys getting married?" Katniss curiously asks Gale. "Well, we are getting married June 5th you two are welcomed to come and I'll send the invitation in the mail. The story of how I met Cataleya goes like this... After the rebellion I decided to live in district two because I knew you were going to live in district twelve so living there would be painful/ awkward and district two is similar to district two with the woods and the mountains. When I arrived there, I was so depressed from what happened to Prim and everything that I stayed home a lot and occasionally go hunting or hiking in the Rocky Mountains. One day on the way home from hunting I decided to walk through town and I came across a huge gathering of people laughing, screaming, dancing, and crying. Then I heard a whipping noise and a loud scream of pain and I had a flashback when I was whipped and furiously pushed my way through the crowd. Only to find a group of dancers and the loud scream belonged to a beautiful woman Cataleya. Their dance told the story of the past, they acted like the miners going to work, the whipping event that scared me when someone in the district misbehaved, the reapings and the Hunger Games, oh did Cataleya impersonate you good, you and Peeta going to eat the berries at the end of the game, when they portrayed us in the rebellion I couldn't help but laugh, and the death of both Snow and Coin. I was so shocked by her performance that afterwards I asked her to dinner and that was when the romance began. She will never take away your place in my heart but I realize now why we would never work out because in love you need someone to balance you and I would only ignite the fire within you while Peeta calms it down." He states as he points to Peeta talking with Cataleya. "Cataleya gives me hope and she made me appreciate life again because I probably would have killed myself with my depression being so strong." He mumbles. Gale hugged Katniss and walked to the bar to get another glass of scotch. Katniss walked over quietly and remained that quiet for the rest of party, she won't look at me or touch me, it is beginning to scare me "What did Gale say to her!" I wonder. In the elevator of the hotel I decided that I could take the silence anymore and need to know what happened. "Sweetheart, what's wrong you are scaring me?" I beg her "Do you think she loves him, Peeta when you were talking to her did you feel it?" She asks while gazing into my eyes "I really think so, she reminds me of myself how calm and nurturing she is when he was depressed. She really loves him. We both like art too well she dances and sings while I decorate cakes and paint. She is a solid match for him" I chuckle "I think we should go to their wedding in June. I think it's the best thing to do." She mumbles