as she started to pack her things. "Is everything ok?" Peeta asked bewildered. "Uh, yes. that was the last question. Your mother insisted on it." She was in the process of putting away her glasses when Peeta's hand stopped her's. "Don't, they look beautiful on your face," he said leaning in close. He was but a breath away from her lips. Katniss took in a shaky breath. If only he knew what she was like most days or rather every day. She pushed her glasses up the bridge of her nose. He smiled and thanked her, although, she suspected it wasn't for the interview. She smiled and stood up and ran her hands down her dress in an effort to remove the wrinkles. When she was satisfied she extended her hand in farewell. Peeta took hers in his and shook it firmly. She responded in kind as both felt a jolt of electricity run down their spine making their toes curl. She hastily retrieved her purse and slung it over her shoulder. She looked back briefly as she rushed out of his office and got on the elevator. Peeta sat on the sofa, still mesmerized by the silver eyed beauty. "So…. what did you think?" Annie asked, breaking him out of his reverie. "Huh?" He answered as he stared off into the distance. Annie sighed, crossing her arms." I said, what did you think?" Peeta cleared his throat, "Um… she's pretty." Annie shook her head. "Peeta she's gorgeous. I may be straight but I know when to appreciate a woman's beauty." "Fine, she was gorgeous," he complied, "but definitely not my type." Annie raised an eyebrow "Uh huh. Listen you liar, you know damn well that's not true. She seemed smart and levelheaded. Not to mention you guys seemed to be getting along. Besides, you looked like a panting dog when she left." "No I didn't." Peeta couldn't look at her. He knew Annie was right, but admitting so would give her reason bug him endlessly about her being right. "Peeta, if this is about you worrying that I would hold it over your head and bug you endlessly, you have no choice. I'm going to do it anyway. That's why we're friends. I'm here to make your life just a little harder, so you can just stop worrying about it and go after her, you idiot. She obviously liked you too." "Annie, she left like a bat out of hell. I don't think she likes me." He gestured towards the door. "Peeta, you're one of the most handsome men in all Panem... well besides my Finnick, and rich, not to mention you're a pain in the ass. What's not to like?" Annie sat next to him. "I think she left because she was flustered, you dumbass. I know what a girl looks like when their interested. She looked back before she stepped into the elevator" Peeta straightened. "She did?" He asked. Hope was glowing deep withing him. Annie nodded. "Yes she did and when you were having your coughing fit she walked out to get your bottle of water instead of calling out. She went the extra mile. Not many girls do that. Besides, I like her." Now this was interesting Annie was usually very picky about who she liked. "You do?" Annie rolled her eyes, "Yes I do. She's really nice and not at all pretentious. She has been nothing if not respectful to us poor secretaries. Now go after her. Ask her out and if she says no then at least you know." Peeta rolled his eyes. Annie grabbed his hand and pulled him off the couch. He reluctantly got up and Annie pushed him out the office despite his protestations. Once he was out he straightened his clothes and ran his hand through his hair. Annie had issues, but he had to give her credit. She was right, if he didn't ask Katniss out he would forever wonder what if. He ran towards the back stairs and down he went. He looked around the lobby but she was nowhere to be seen. He was ready to give up when he saw her walking away slowly towards a bus stop just outside the building. He bolted out the door and called her name. "Katniss! Katniss, wait!" He called as he barely caught her. Katniss turned around and saw a very breathless and disheveled Peeta running towards her. If he looked good clean cut, a disheveled Peeta looked breathtaking. She wondered if this is what he looked like after sex. What the hell. Where the hell did that thought come from , she wondered. He stopped in front of her and thanked her for waiting. "Um, I was wondering if you'd like to get a cup of coffee with me sometime." Was he asking her out? "You know it's just that I think you're pretty amazing and I would like to get to know you better." Then he gave her a smile so genuinely sweet with just the right touch of shyness that an unexpected warmth rushed through her. Katniss smiled shyly when she saw a blush creep up his face. Katniss looked at him and returned the sweet smile."Sure, why not. How about this Saturday?" Peeta's eyes shined with satisfaction and they exchanged numbers. He said a hasty goodbye and wrapped his arms around her and although the wind was blowing, Katniss had never felt so warm. He quickly retreated back to his office and she continued on her way. Johanna had been right about everything. Peeta Mellark was most definitely a hunk-a-saurus rex. He was certainly handsome, and despite his pictures he was actually very nice and sweet. Not at all cold or aloof. Yes Peeta Mellark was most definitely fuckable and perhaps even dateable? She laughed at Johanna's absurd assessments and went home. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Well guys I hope you enjoyed this short little drabble. Don't forget to comment and review! Thank you all for reading.