that way and still be awarded with your love. I went to each person and apologized, I know it won't make up for what I did to them... But it's a start. I-" Then she's in my arms. I don't see her run to me while I'm talking, but she cuts me off my running into my arms and burying her head in my chest. My arms reflexively wrap around her and I hold her close, one arm around her waist and the other on her upper back. I bury my face in her neck, my tears no doubt wetting her skin. I feel her own tears wetting my shirt. "That's all I wanted," she whispers through her tears. Her voice is slightly muffled because her face is buried in my chest. I stay silent, reveling in the fact she's back in my arms where she belongs, where she should always be. "I just wanted you to realize what you've done is wrong and for you to apologize." She explains quietly. I nod against her neck, pulling her even closer to me. I take in her smell, she smells of pine, citrus and everything sweet. Part of the reason I'm not talking is because I'm so choked up I can't. "I missed you." I bury my face farther in her neck. "I've missed you too, it's been torture without you." My voice is muffled and it's scratchy from my tears. She starts to gently comb my short hair with her fingers, instantly calming me. My silent tears stop falling and so do hers, my shirt slowly drying. We stay in this position for who knows how long. I pull away first, keeping one arms firmly, yet gently, around her waist as the other pushes a stray strand of hair behind her ear. "I love you." I whisper. A smile comes across her tasteful lips as they say, "I love you too." I immediately attack her lips with my own in a soft and fervor kiss filled with longing, love, and bliss. "Don't leave me ever again." I request against her lips. "I don't plan on it, this past week has been pure agony for me too." We kiss for much, much longer. Completely disregarding our class that's going on just ahead of us. We pull apart because we each run out of oxygen. I rest my forehead against hers and rub our noses together. This is perfect, she's perfect, we're perfect. xxx (2 Months Later) "Hey Cato! That was a great game! When you gave up that catch for Marvel I was flabbergasted! Incredible play!" The voice of Beetee exclaims from somewhere behind me. "Thanks man, I heard the math-letes won the other day as well." Cato congratulates. I smile to myself as I open my locker. I hear the two girls next to me deep in conversation. "He's so nice! I don't know what happened, but whatever it was it worked!" "I know! Like OMG, he is so dreamy! That Katniss is a lucky girl." The second girl exclaims. I blush and nod, I really am. I feel the unforgettable arms of Cato engulf me from behind, causing a smile to form on my lips. "Good morning beautiful. How's my lovely girlfriend doing?" He asks, spinning me around so that I'm facing him. I kiss his cheek and he smiles like a dork. "She's great, how's her incredible boyfriend doing?" He chuckles and pecks my lips in a chaste kiss. "I'm terrific now that I'm with you." We resume our daily routine, he takes my books for me and we walk to class. As we pass Peeta and Clove, Cato smiles at them. "Hey guys," they greet. "Hey Peeta, Clove." I say. "Morning you two, ready for the calculus test?" Cato asks, stopping momentarily. Peeta shrugs, "As ready as I'll ever be." Clove shrugs as well, "I doubt it. Hey, are we all still on for tonight and the movies? 7:30 right?" I nod, "Yep, sounds about right." "Alright good, I gotta get to class so I'll see you all later." Clove says, Peeta walking off with her. Cato and I continue our walk to class, just like any other day. Only now when he walks through the halls people greet him instead of shying away. Girls are jealous of me being with him instead of resenting me for it. Cato is no longer hated, he is no longer a bully. He is now one of the most loved students here, by teachers and fellow classmates. "Heart Like Yours" (If I Stay soundtrack; Williamette Stone) "Breathe deep, breathe clear. Know that I'm here, know that I'm here waiting. Stay strong. Stay gold. You don't have to fear, you don't have to fear waiting. I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon. How could a heart like yours, ever love a heart like mine? How could I live before? How could I have been so blind? You opened up my eyes. You opened up my eyes. Sleep sound, sleep tight. Here in my mind, here in my mind; waiting. Come close my dear. You don't have to fear, you don't have fear; waiting. I'll see you soon, I'll see you soon. How could a heart like yours, ever love a heart like mine? How could I live before? How could I have been so blind? You opened up my eyes, you opened up my eyes. Hold fast hope all your love is all I've ever known. Hold fast hope, all your love is all I've ever known. How could a heart like yours, ever love a heart like mine? How could I live before? How could I have been so blind? You opened up my eyes, you opened up my eyes. You opened up my eyes, you opened up my eyes. What did you think? Shall I continue? If yes, the next chapter will be one of the other pairings! Don't forget to leave a review, they are highly appreciated.