chest, his tight stomach, the delicious V-shape of his torso. He returns the sentiments as she removes her own clothes. When she unsnaps her bra and lets it fall to the bed, he leans back on his heels and just stares. "You're incredible, Katniss," he whispers. "More beautiful than I ever imagined." He pushes her onto her back and kisses down her body. "And I've imagined it a lot," he adds along the way. "You don't have to say stuff like that." "I'm not saying it because I think I have to," he corrects her. "It's the truth." He tugs off her underwear and tosses them to the side, then moves between her legs. Are they really doing this? Less than a week ago, she never even kissed anyone before and now she's naked with a boy. With Peeta. Her legs fall open on their own accord. "I've thought about doing this about a million times," he says before the first touch of his mouth to her. She's tense at first, unsure of what he's really thinking and worried she won't be able to enjoy it, but she lets him take his time in familiarizing himself with her. She stares at the ceiling and gently threads her fingers through his hair as he explores. When curiosity gets the best of her, she looks down to see the top of his head between her splayed thighs, and that image alone does something to her. He pays close attention to the way she shifts closer when he hits a certain spot, and soon her back's bowing off the bed, her fingernails digging into his sheets. He crawls back up her body, his mouth wet with her. "I'll get better at it," he promises. "Just give me the chance." The actual act is just as she suspected- wonderful because it's Peeta and he's…wonderful. But still awkward. There's no getting around it. He's been fumbling with the condom wrapper for a good minute when he stops to smile down at her. "Ah, I'm just giving you the chance to change your mind, really. I could have had this open hours ago if I wanted." She beams in response. "I'm not going to change my mind." "Seriously, how is there not an easy open tab on this damn thing?" She takes it from his fingers and tries to open it herself with surprisingly steady hands, but it's a struggle for her as well. "Here I thought I could impress you with my finesse." "I am impressed with your finesse," he assures her with a loving, goofy grin. "I'm impressed with your everything." Suddenly the condom is out of the wrapper and on him and he's asking her one more time if it's okay. It still is. It hurts, but it's not the pain she expected. It's more uncomfortable than unbearable. Peeta moves slowly at first, but she presses her palms against the curve of his back and silently encourages him to go deeper and faster. When he does, and she realizes how much she likes to see him enjoying her body, she uses words. "Oh Peeta," she moans against the skin of his neck. "You feel so good." His mouth finds hers and then he's moving more urgently against her. It's like fireworks and the grand finale, the explosives erupting faster and louder and closer together as the end nears. He sags against her and she holds him to her as he catches his breath. She has absolutely no regrets. "And this is the gourmet kitchen," he says, aiming the web cam on the microwave sitting atop the mini-fridge. He's giving her an official tour of his new home by carrying his MacBook around the dorm while they Skype. "Very nice." "And…that's it. That's my crib. Thanks for stopping by, MTV." "It kind of looks like a prison cell." "I think prison cells are larger." She laughs. "So how are things going with the roomie?" "Really well, actually. He initiated the awkward conversation about alone time for video chats with long-distance girlfriends. I have to be at the library every Wednesday and Friday night from 6 to 10." "From 6 to 10?" she asks with a raised brow. "I'm almost positive they're playing World of Warcraft for at least three of those hours." She returns his smile, the one that's so happy and warm and always makes her heart flutter. "As soon as I get my schedule figured out, I'll let you know so you can tell him when to take a hike to the library, okay?" He nods, and then ducks his head and gingerly rubs at the back of his neck; she wishes she could reach through the computer screen to touch him. "I miss you so much already," he admits. "Me too." She smiles again even though it's harder to do it now. "Hey, only four months until Christmas, right?" "And only four years until graduation." "Nothing we can't handle," she vows. "We've got breaks and summers and lots of sexy Skyping sessions to look forward to." Now he grins. "Speaking of sexy Skyping, you'll be getting something in the mail soon to help out with it. So please don't let your mom or Prim open any packages addressed to you, okay?" "What is it?" she asks coyly, even though she has a pretty good idea already. "Nothing that will be able to compare to me, but it'll have to somehow make do on all those long and lonely nights." "I'm sure," she teases. The alarm on his phone goes off and he stares at it dejectedly. "I have class in 20 minutes." "Go on, then. Have fun. Call me when you get a chance." He leans closer, his chin now resting on his arms. "I love you." "I love you, too. So much. But I'm not kissing the computer screen." "Killjoy," he says happily before they disconnect. Yeah, she thinks before she runs to check the mail, definitely no regrets. -End