on Livia's shoulder. Then, the Inferno-Boy was in the arena. Author's Note: Oh man...and that concludes part one of this story. In the next chapter, Copper won't be safe any longer. -Nick Chapter 19 The Seasons Change, But People Don't "All through autumn we hear a double voice: one says everything is ripe; the other says everything is dying. The paradox is exquisite. We feel what the Japanese call "aware" — an almost untranslatable word meaning something like "beauty tinged with sadness." -Gretel Ehrlich, The Solace of Open Spaces Sixty seconds. Only one minute stood between the tributes and the beginning of the 42nd Hunger Games. Sixty, fifty-nine… Copper's eyes swept over the arena. He was shocked by how beautiful it was. A deciduous forest extended as far as the boy could see. The trees surrounding him were bursting with red, orange, and yellow leaves, and some even appeared to be purple . The Cornucopia glinted temptingly in the morning sun only a few hundred yards away. Fifty-eight, fifty-seven, fifty-six, fifty-five… The gaping mouth of the horn was filled with weapons, medicine, crates, and food. Strewn on the ground in front of it were items of lesser value. Copper noticed a small slice of bread wrapped in plastic. It was only feet from his pedestal. Fifty-four, fifty-three, fifty-two, fifty-one… He glanced to his left, only to see Selene smiling excitedly, her legs already positioned into a running stance. On his right, Pastern, the boy from District 10 stood, a look of determination on his face. Fifty, forty-nine, forty-eight, forty-seven, forty-six… And there was Lavender, barely visible next to the enormous Cornucopia. She scanned the area around her until at last she seemed to see him. Even though the girl was far away, Copper could see the fear on her face. Forty-five, forty-four, forty-three, forty-two, forty-one… He glanced behind him. The radiant trees leading away from the bloodbath looked like a safe haven. If he was smart, he would immediately go there when the gong rang. Forty, thirty-nine, thirty-eight, thirty-seven, thirty-six… But Lavender wasn't anywhere near him. He had to go to her, to ensure she wouldn't get hurt...or worse. Thirty-five, thirty-four, thirty-three, thirty-two, thirty-one… Copper strained to see who was on either side of Lavender. He noticed light reflecting off of the eyes on the person to her right. Fortran's glasses. And to her left, the dark skin of District 11's Mattock couldn't be mistaken. Thirty, twenty-nine, twenty-eight, twenty-seven, twenty-six… He tried to remember what Cerritulus said. Not about having faith in him, though that was still at the surface of Copper's thoughts. But that wasn't important right now. ...The man insisted that he flee. "When that gong sounds, run . Stay away from the others…" His pleading voice had been so insistent...that risking their lives for supplies wasn't worth it. But had he counted on Copper and Lavender being so far away from one another? Did he know that Lavender intended to participate in the initial skirmish? Clearly, the answer was no. Twenty-five, twenty-four, twenty-three, twenty-two, twenty-one… He was in a predicament. Well, obviously, the survivalist in his mind said. Cerritulus had urged him to run away from the bloodshed and hide somewhere far away. But Copper had promised himself that he would protect Lavender at all costs, even at the risk of his own life. They were allies, after all. Wouldn't running away from her clearly show that he didn't consider her on his side? Twenty, nineteen, eighteen, seventeen… Copper suddenly became aware of how badly he was shaking. He clamped his fists tightly at his sides in an effort to remain calm. If he fell of the pedestal now, he'd be blown to smithereens before the Games even began. Sixteen, fifteen, fourteen, thirteen, twelve… Something within him stirred. This time, it wasn't the self-preserving survivalist, but a different voice completely. It told him that he couldn't abandon Lavender. Not after that night on the train...and the chariot ride...and the rooftop. She was his sister . Even though they had only known one another for a few days, the girl felt like family to Copper. She was family. Would Steel abandon him just because he was scared? No, he wouldn't. So he wouldn't abandon Lavender. Eleven, ten, nine… His mother had always counted on him to do good. "Have courage and be kind," she always said. Her curly red hair and kind, blue-gray eyes were more prominent in Copper's mind than ever before. Eight, seven, six… But Mrs. Hurst had told him something else on that fateful day when he was reaped. "Stay the hell away from the others!" How far would that take him? He would lay somewhere until only a dozen or so people were left, then get brutally murdered or die of dehydration. Wouldn't dying in the place of someone he cared for be a better way to go? Five, four, three… Copper gripped the lump of coal from Steel tightly in his hand. He had reached the crucial decision. Whether he died in the bloodbath or later in the Games, being remembered as a coward or traitor was not on his agenda. He was tired of always seeming timid, weak, and unexceptional . Two… He would protect Lavender. Or at least do his best to shield her from danger. And if he died in the process, so be it. At least his death would mean something. One… Copper's heart thundered faster than it had before. And then came a booming voice from everywhere all at once. " Let the 42nd Hunger Games begin!" And he took off toward the Cornucopia. " Like the colors in autumn so bright, just before they lose it all -Taylor Swift, Red END OF PART 1 Author's Note: That concludes part one, " Abducted". Chapter twenty-one, the beginning of part 2, "Seasons", will be posted...eventually. Please review, it lets me know if I should continue writing this story. I suspect it will be around 100k words if completed. -Nick