"Can I hear them?" "It's dumb," she warned. "No it's not. I think it's sweet." She was quiet for a moment, and he thought maybe she was trying to kill time before the ceremony to get out of it. Then he heard the rustling of paper again. "I love how nice you are to the waitstaff when we go out to dinner." He laughed again, loving that that was the first thing she thought of when writing her list. It was so undeniably her. "I love how loud you are even when you're trying to be quiet," she continued. "You try so hard to let me sleep in and you always wake me up." "And you love that?" "Yes," she said resolutely. "And number three is that I love how you always roll up your shirt sleeves just past your elbows. You do that for me, don't you?" "Yeah," he admitted with a soft smile. "I do that for you." "Number four: I love watching you paint. I could do it forever. "And number five is that I love how good you are with Caz. You're going to make the best dad someday, Peeta. I'm so lucky I'll get to be the one to have children with you." "Katniss..." He could feel his throat tightening, and he wanted to slip through the open door and wrap his arms around her. "I love how much you love my family, and that they love you just as much. That's number six." Her voice was breaking, too. He rubbed his eyes, and he wanted to make a crack about her conspiring with Prim to win fifty bucks, but he was just trying to keep it together. "What's number seven?" he asked when he finally regained his composure. "Something I don't think I should say in a church." She was outright crying now, and it was only going to trigger more tears on his end if he didn't rein this in. The ceremony was going to start in less than five minutes and he should really be at the alter by now. "Did a lot of people show up?" she asked, sounding a little more put together. He imagined she was dabbing her eyes, careful to not mess up her makeup. "Yeah, I think everyone showed up. Two hundred of our closest family and friends." She emitted groan, and then her hand popped out between the door and frame, landing next to him. He realized she must have been sitting the same way he was on the other side of the wall. "Hey, what's this?" he asked, noticing the wristlet she wore. "You kept this all these years?" "It's my something old." "I thought I was your something old?" She laughed lightly now without any hint of tears. "No. You're my something else." He reached over to take her hand, turning it over to trace the lines on her palm. "I love you so much, Katniss. I can't wait to marry you." "I can't wait to marry you, either." It was almost time, so he said he'd see her soon, dropping a quick kiss on her hand. He went through the side door to get to the front of the church, and even he startled a bit at the sight of so many people in the pews. He took his place at the alter, eagerly waiting for the procession to begin. As the harpist and violinist began with Pachelbel's Canon in D, the doors opened. Everyone turned in their seat to watch Mrs. Everdeen walk down the aisle first, and she wiped at her eyes and smiled at him as she took her seat. His groomsmen were next, followed by Thom, his best man who squeezed his shoulders when he took his spot behind him. The bridesmaids walked next, and as he watched them, he was sure nothing would ever top this feeling of anticipation. Elation was the only word he could think of to describe it. Pure elation. Prim followed behind, beaming at him the whole time. Caz and the flower girl, Gale Hawthorne's three-year-old daughter, walked together next. Her little shoe got caught on the white aisle runner, and she stumbled forward, falling on her knees. There was a chorus of 'awws' as Caz helped her up, handing her back the basket of petals and holding her hand to finish it together. "You did great," Peeta whispered as he took his spot next to him, and he smiled back proudly. Then it was the moment they were all waiting for, Peeta especially. The music faded and there was a heart-stopping several seconds of silence before "Here Comes the Bride" began. Everyone stood up, craning their necks to catch the first glimpse as the big wooden doors opened again. The image of Katniss in her gown was something he would never forget. She smiled at him as she held on to her father's arm, and he smiled back, trying to soak in every detail of the moment. Her veil, her hair, her smile, the slight pink to her cheeks from the champagne. He couldn't believe how beautiful she looked, and he could only imagine how big his grin was as he took another deep breath to brace himself. Her father hugged her before taking his seat, and Katniss reached for Peeta's hand, squeezing it tight. "Hi," she whispered, reaching up to brush away one of his tears. He didn't even realize he was crying again until she did it. Tears of happiness, he realized. It was the best bet he ever lost. a/n: An update for Thicker Than Blood should be posted Thursday evening, and I hope to have chapter three of Blowout up by the second or third week of July, depending on how much writing time I get while on vacation. Thank you for your continued patience with my updates! I'm on tumblr as everlarkeologist. Please feel free to stop by and say hello. :) Thank you so much for reading!