to think about when I told myself that. But tonight, as I watch him come for the third night in a row, I know that isn't why I'm doing this. It's never been why I did it. And I know I can't possibly go another night without asking him to do the same for me, no matter what it forces me to think about later. I know he wants to, even if he's never pushed the idea. And with the way we've been sleeping lately, with one of his hands pushed just beyond the waistband of my underwear, he could easily let his hand slip lower, but he hasn't and I know he won't until I tell him I want him to. I just can't seem to find the words until I see Peeta move to get out of bed. "No," I whisper. My voice isn't as firm as I'd hoped, but it gets Peeta to stop. "I have to go clean myself up," Peeta reminds me. "I'll be right back." "No," I repeat, putting my hand to his chest and pushing him back down against the mattress. I wish I could say more to him. I wish I could tell him that I want him to touch me until I feel myself come undone, but I can't. Instead, I decide to show him. Sitting up, I grab my nightgown which has barely been on my body all night, and use it to clean Peeta up before tucking him back into his pants myself. It's not the soap and warm water he's used to rubbing himself down with each night, but it's enough. I'll need a fresh nightgown later, but that's the last thing on my mind right now. The next thing I have to do is something I've never done before. I take a deep breath and loop my fingers through the top of my underwear and start to pull, looking at Peeta's face as I slip them down my legs. He sits up, his eyes traveling up between my legs as realization washes over him, and he murmurs my name when I throw my leg over him and climb into his lap. Peeta's hand finds my breast immediately, squeezing the mound firmly. I long to feel his mouth on my breast. Wrapping one arm behind Peeta's head, I pull him to my chest and arch my back, willing him to take my nipple into his mouth. When I feel his mouth close around the nub, I press two of my own fingers between my folds in attempts to alleviate the persistent aching that I've been feeling for days. I know immediately that won't be enough anymore. I need to feel Peeta's hand between my legs. Now. My hands tangle in Peeta's hair, and I pull him away from my chest, forcing him to look at me. "Touch me," I murmur. It's all I can manage to tell him, but it's enough. He kisses me deeply, his tongue stroking mine languidly while his hand disappears between my thighs. His fingers slip between my slick folds and he groans into my mouth as he pushes a finger inside me. I shift my body and clench my walls around his finger, drawing it in further. The fit is snug, and while it doesn't hurt, it does little to relieve the throbbing that still continues. This feels different than when Peeta touched me through my underwear, like he's found a different spot to tease that isn't quite as easy to get to. It's not until he presses his entire hand against my middle and I feel his palm against me that he hits the spot I needed him to. "There," I gasp into his mouth. Peeta removes his hand and repositions it, slipping two fingers through the wetness between my folds but never pushing them back inside of me. As he brings them back forward, he stops and presses them gently to the nerve he hit earlier. "Here?" he asks, smiling as I lurch forward in response to his touch. I don't have to answer him to tell him he's found the right spot. Using my wetness, he slips his fingers back and forth across the swollen nerve, causing me to squirm. His swipes are gentle, but firm enough that I can feel the pressure build. I didn't think it could possibly get worse, but Peeta's fingers rubbing back and forth and his mouth wandering all over my body, I can see how wrong I was yet again. I cry out louder than I should when his teeth find my nipple. The pleasurable sensation radiates through my body, filling me with a need so great that I can't help but swirl my hips to aid Peeta's fingers. The added pressure is exactly what I needed and soon the pressure turns into a tingle that grows and spreads through my core and down my legs. "Tell me when you're going to come," Peeta says, kissing me and speeding up the pace in which his fingers slide over me. The faster pace is all that I need. I press my forehead to his and whimper. "Now," I tell him. His mouth closes around mine immediately, swallowing my gasps and moans as the tingling turns into a full fledged burn that sears through every part of me. My body doesn't feel like its my own anymore, and I can hardly breathe under the intensity in which it continues to seize and release. Finally, when I was just about to think the buzz that had been tearing through me would never end, it does. I'm left panting and limp, with Peeta's solid body being the only thing keeping me upright. When he falls back onto the mattress, I go with him, making no effort to move to my side of the bed. I lay on top of him, drifting in and out of a light sleep, and this is where I plan to stay until sunrise.