that right?" Caesar asked curiously as he crossed his legs in an elegant manner, trying his best to seem relaxed. "Yes, we spoke of many things. But more importantly you." Snow said as he eyed Caesar for a long moment before continuing. "He tells me he offered you a job as a Gamemaker, but you declined…twice. Why is that?" he asked curiously. "I…no reason. I am not looking for a job at the moment is all." Caesar lied as he gave the president a charming smile. "Is that so? A handsome young man like you, in his early twenties…passing up a fine job like that?" Snow asked curiously as he arched his eyebrow. "Though you know, I think we can make this so much simpler if…we agree not to lie to one another." Snow smiled softly. Caesar shifted awkwardly in his seat as he arched his pink eyebrow, trying to seem genuinely shocked by the presidents statement. "Lie? What do I have to like about, sir?" he asked. "You and I both know, your feelings on the games. You might have forgotten Mr. Flickerman, but I have eyes and ears everywhere." he said simply. Caesar was really sweating now, and he knew Snow could see it. "And I was thinking how would you like to become the new Master of Ceremonies?" Caesar blinked as he looked at the man in front of him, he was afraid this was some sort of trick, was this just a way to get him to be his little puppet on a string and then kill him off when the time was right? "What…do you mean?" he asked. "As you well know, we need a new Master of Ceremonies. I've been watching you, Mr. Flickerman. You're young, you have a fresh handsome face, you're flamboyant, boisterous and quite persuasive. The citizens will love you." Snow said as a small smile appeared upon his puffy lips. "What do you say? Will you take the job?" Caesar knew taking this job would be a wonderful opportunity, but he couldn't do it. He couldn't sit on that stage and send those kids to their death, to praise them for killing, that was sick. "No, I won't do it. That's a sick job, I will not praise those children for murdering each other! And I will not smile and egg on this sick façade!" he snapped. Caesar knew snapping and telling this to the president of all people was utterly stupid, but he couldn't help it. He would not be condemned to this horrible prison his whole life, he had to take a stand…somebody had too. Though to his surprise Snow merely chuckled. "I knew you would say something like that. So, how about we make a deal, hm?" he asked as he arched his eyebrow. "You take this job, you put on happy face as I previously asked. Or you can decline my offer, and your whole family will be punished for your stupid actions. The choice is yours, Mr. Flickerman." Caesar sat there, too shocked to form words, he never felt so conflicted in his whole life. Could he live out his life knowing he is doing wrong, for the sake of his family's lives? Or should he decline and kill them all? After a few moments of pondering, Caesar merely nodded. "Yes, I would….be honored to take the job. Thank you for this opportunity." he said in a voice thick with sorrow, instead of his usually peppy self. Snow smiled as he slowly stood from his chair, he was obviously pleased he got his way. "Splendid. I will have a work contract sent to you by tomorrow." he said as he turned on his heel, but he paused and turned towards the table. "Oh, I almost forgot. I can't have you on stage looking so dreary like this…perhaps this will help." he said as he placed a bottle on the table. Caesar slowly reached out and looked at the bottle, reading the small fine print which read "Thryziene" , they were some form of happy pill. Caesar slowly looked up at Snow curiously. "What are these for?" he asked curiously. Caesar had read about them, these pills could make you happy for hours upon end. " Thryziene. Or happy pills if you prefer, you'd be wise to take them everyday. I can't have you moping about." he said simply. "Now, you have a good day Mr. Flickerman." he said in a friendly tone, and with that he was gone. Leaving Caesar alone at the table with a bottle of damn happy pills in his hand. As years went on Caesar Flickerman became the most famous man on television. He was The Face of The Hunger Games, he was adored and loved by all citizens of Panem, and his family was so proud of him and his achievements. Though Caesar seemed like he had the perfect life, he did not. He took happy pills everyday for years, to maintain that charming smile and peppy nature he has on stage. He hated his job with a passion, it made him sick, but he tried his best to make all the tributes that were on his stage as comfortable and calm as possible, and he did his best to make them shine as bright as the stars, to hopefully get them more sponsors…they were going to need them if they were to appear on his stage again, as a victor. A/N: Hello! I came across this the other day and I decided to post it here. I simply adore Caesar Flickerman, he's honestly my favorite Hunger Games character. And I also roleplay as him on roleplay sight and when I set up his account, I decided I would give him a past since he didn't really have one. I always thought there was more to Caesar than what people originally thought, so here's my take on what lies behind the smile the Capitol adores. I hope everyone enjoys it!