I reply. She leaves and I doze back off. Peeta's POV Katniss is screaming and thrashing when I walk into her room. I turn the light up and shake her. "Leave... Him... Alone!" she yells "Peeta dosen't know anything! Put me in the tank instead!" "Katniss!" I say, shaking her harder as nurses flood the room "Katniss wake up, you're dreaming!" her eyes fly open and she's briefly terrified but she relaxes when she realizes its just me. "They" she pants, trying to catch her breath "They had you, they were gonna put you in the tank!" I'm about to ask her what "the tank" is, but she kisses me. And behind her kiss is so much pain, so much loss and so much longing that when we break away I whisper in her ear "It's going to be okay, we're both fine," she nods and I notice that all the nurses except Prim have left the room. Prim unhooks Katniss' IV and holds it while I move Katniss into her wheelchair. Prim clips the IV on and says to Katniss "I'll meet you in the cafeteria as soon as I change." Katniss nods and I push her out of her room. We talk about her mother and Haymitch and I tell her about how much time they've been spending together. Katniss says "They knew each other before Haymitch's games." "They did?" I ask, confused "Yes," she says "She, my father, Haymitch and Maysille used to go on double dates together." "Huh," I say as we enter the cafeteria. I push katniss up to the table and come back with our food. By the time I'm back, prim is walking through the door. I sit down as close as I physically can to Katniss and Ry teases "Gee, bro, clingy girlfriends are kinda cute, but you're being a clingy boyfriend and that's just wrong!" everyone laughs, especially Haymitch, and I blushingly scoot away from Katniss. Katniss' mother suddenly speaks. "Haymitch and I are getting married!" Katniss starts choking on her water and my spoon falls out of my hand. Johanna laughs and says "Ha ha that was a good one you almost had me there for a second!" then she realizes that they're serious and says incrudously"Oh, god, you're really serious?" Finnick ignores Johanna's comment and says "Congrats! Annie and I are getting married too!" "Congrats guys!" Katniss says, nodding her head to both of the happy couples. I smile and offer congratulations. Katniss seems tired so I finish my dinner quickly. I pick up our trays and push Katniss back to our room. I put her in her bed, pull the blanket over her and turn to leave but she grabs my hand. "Stay by me," she whispers. As I slide in next to her, I reply. "Always." Katniss POV I have seven nightmares that night. It took Peeta a lot longer than normal to calm me down too. I feel sorry for him, come morning we both have bags under our eyes. Peeta sets me in my wheelchair and pushes me into the cafeteria -agian-. Gale, the only one at our table asks "Long night?" I nod and say "nightmares." he nods and takes a bite of oatmeal. Peeta comes back and sets my now slightly larger tray in front of me and I dig in greedily. Gale and Peeta notice how fast I'm eating they both spoon some of their oatmeal into my bowl. "You know that's probably illegal," I say, taking a bite. "Like the law has ever meant anything to us," Gale snorts. I laugh, but stop with a wince. Gale finishes his oatmeal and Haymitch shows up with my mother. "Coin wants you three in her office NOW," he says. I eat the last bite of my oatmeal and Peeta takes all three of our trays. Gale pushes me but Peeta takes over halfway through. "You three and a few others are leaving for Nine to make a speech and visit the wounded at 6 o'clock sharp tonight. You are excused from all your assigned duties today to pack. That is all," Coin says, waving us out of her office "Oh, and Ms. Everdeen? You've been moved into your family's compartment." "Thank you," I say as Peeta pushes me out. Gale offers to push me back and I thank him. Peeta gives me a goodbye kiss and Gale pushes me to my family's compartment. "I am going to be the happiest person in the world when i can get out of this stupid chair," I grumble. Prim, who was walking out the door, says "I actually convinced the hospital to let you use a cane instead of the chair this morning." "Yes!" I exclaim in a show of uncharacteristic joy. Then something hits me. "Why do I need a cane?" "You lost two of your toes, that'll set your balance off quite a bit," Prim explains. Prim hands me the cane and I grab it eagerly. I stand up, take a step towards the door, and fall flat on my face. Prim giggles and Gale laughs. I scowl and Gale helps me up. I manage to walk into my compartment and open the dresser. I find my clothes and shove them in a plastic bag. After some debate I put the pearl Peeta gave me in too. "How'd that get here?" I ask myself. "I have no clue," Beetee says from the open doorway "Come on down to weapons with me, I have a surprise for you! Or at least, I hope. We picked up a man that we found in the woods, he says he knows you?" I frown. I don't know anybody who would be wandering the woods, well, not a man. A friend of Bonnie and Twill's maybe? It takes fifteen minutes to get to weapons because I have to stop and rest several times. When we finally get there I'm not prepared to face the man who stands before me.