you think My Prim is looking beautiful?" Katniss wanted so badly to disappear when her mother continued on, "She's really not just all beauty you know, she's very smart too. Reads a lot." Prim looked down and turned crimson at their mother's words, "It's so funny that Prim being only my second one had to be the beautiful one when My Finch who is one of my youngest is the more bookish one." "Mama!" Katniss interrupted. "What? It's true. I mean I love all my girls, of course, but I am not blind to their faults," replied Mrs. Abernathy. How Katniss wished her father hadn't gone out for a smoke break. The others looked utterly uncomfortable at the confession but her mother only continued on, "Although really it had been Prim who had caught the eye of many suitors. I thought one of them would propose at some point seeing as how enamored he was with her. He even wrote her poetry. Nothing beyond that happened, however he did write her some very pretty verses." It was all too much really to take in. Katniss had never been more thankful to Delly when she pulled her away for a private conversation. Both girls sat comfortably in the corner of a room when she heard Thresh speaking. "Prim is the most beautiful girl I've ever seen," Thresh said. "I think she's the only beautiful girl in this party," replied Peeta. "I think her sister Katniss is very pretty too," Thresh commented. "Yeah, she's pretty, but not enough to call my attention. She frowns too much," answered Peeta. Katniss felt the heat rise and her blood boil. Who did this man think she was, that he would judge her so harshly? How dared he? Delly covered her mouth in order to silence her surprised gasp and looked at a red shaking Katniss. Their conversation quickly turned to jokes. Katniss and Delly walked towards a quieter spot, "I cannot believe he said that!" Delly exclaimed. "It's alright. If he actually liked me I'd be forced to talk to him," Katniss replied and Delly laughed. Unfortunately Katniss quickly found out that she did in fact have to talk to Peeta, or rather listen to him. "I'm not a very good reader unfortunately," said Thresh. "I mean, I can read but I-I-I." "I just can't seem to find enough time to read. There's always so much to do," replied Prim. "Yes, that's what I mean," exhaled Thresh. "I love a good book too, but I don't like poetry too much. It's far too short and confusing. Kills all notion of romanticism," Katniss input. "I thought poetry was the food of love," Peeta remarked. "No, I think it's far too cheesy and most girls buy the romantic mumbo jumbo too much. It confuses our ideals. If a guy reads a poem to me all forms of inclination are killed on the spot," Katniss replied. "So what do you say would be the best thing to encourage affection?" asked Peeta. "I would say dancing is the best thing," Katniss replied looking deeply into his azure eyes, "Even if your partner frowns too much." Peeta's golden brows raised as his long lashed eyes widened. Thresh began to cough violently and even her sister covered her mouth with her hands in order to cover her smile. Katniss took a deep breath and walked away. A satisfied smile etched on her lips. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Later that evening, Prim brushed her hair slowly as she shared her thoughts about the evening, "Thresh is so kind and sweet. I like him a lot," she said as her eyes filled with hope. "I can't believe Peeta said those things about you, though." "It's ok, I really would've forgiven him for his vanity and pride had he not hurt mine," Katniss replied. Prim put her brush down and sat on the bed, " There's something I don't understand though, If Peeta was so bad, how could Thresh be his friend?" "Stranger things have happened before Prim," Katniss replied. "I don't know Kat, maybe you got him all wrong. Maybe you just need to get to know him better," Prim added. "I'm not interested in getting to know him better, besides, even if I did, maji burned that bridge with her conversation along with our sister's antics," Katniss said. "It's all for the best really, I mean I'd be pushed toward him and honestly I don't want to marry for the sake of it. If I do marry, I want it to be for love. If any guy were interested in me at all or in love, for that matter, he'd have to be pretty amazing for me to go with him and leave my family behind." She sat and pulled a pillow on her lap. "Even if I don't marry ever, I'll be happy, because then I'd feel alright for not caving to the usual pressures we're subjected to." "Oh shut up. One day a guy will catch your eye and you will have to watch your tongue," Prim replied as she threw a pillow at her sister. Katniss laughed and stuck her tongue out at her sister once she pulled the pillow off her face. "I could never relinquish my bow and arrow." "For the right guy you would." insisted Prim "The right guy wouldn't ask me to." replied Katniss. She pulled back the covers and snuggled inside,"Let's go to sleep. This day has been exhausting." Prim chuckled and turned her light off as she lied on the bed opposite Katniss' while Katniss turned the light off and nuzzled into her covers. No matter how many times she tossed and turned she could not forget the crystal blue eyes of Mr. Mellark and it unsettled her. She couldn't find him attractive. She shouldn't. That would be most inconvenient. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Well I hope you guys liked the story and if you could help out a poor writer with some reviews, it would be greatly appreciated!