she takes that same hand and clutches my wrist again, rubbing a faster pattern into my skin, along with the lube that remained on her hand. I match her movements and she begins to buck more dramatically against my hand, gripping my wrist to keep me in place, clutching hard so her wet hand doesn't slip. With each hard thrust she makes against my hand, my fingers slip further and further into her. They soaked now, and her breathing is getting heavier and heavier, I wonder if she is close. "I'm going to come, Peeta," she gasps, her breath hitching. I've been so busy watching my hand cover her, and the movement of her hips, the sound of her voice causes me to look up at her face. She's completely lost right now; eyes closed, jaw clenched, and hand gripping my wrist so hard that I'm beginning to lose feeling in my hand, but I don't stop her. I let her go, and I watch her. She doesn't look like the Katniss I know, but more like the Katniss I dream about - so lost in her ecstasy that she forgets for a minute that we're only friends. I keep swirling my fingers as she rides my hand. Her whole body tenses suddenly, and her mouth falls open, bringing with it a moan at least 3 octaves higher than her speaking voice, on the next exhale, my name falls from her lips expertly, like she's said it during moments like this before. She falls forward, only holding herself up by placing her hand on my shoulder. Before she pushes herself up, she buries her face in my hair and I hear the sound of a light kiss against the curls. I don't know what to do next. I wait as she hovers over me, cheek resting on the top of my head while her breathing begins to come back to normal. My hand is still between her legs, slick with her come. Finally, she moves away and I slip my hand out from between her thighs. "Sorry," she apologizes, looking down at my hand, her cheeks turning red. "Don't apologize. That was…" she looks at me, waiting for the rest of my sentence. "That was awesome." She begins to laugh, but still looks embarrassed, and I take my hand that is still slippery and wet and grab my dick, rubbing her all over me – she seems to notice, because I see her look up out of the corner of my eye. "Can I?" she asks. "You did for me." "With your help," I remind her, knowing damn well I never would have been able to do that without her guidance. "Help me," she says, suggestively. "Hold me again, like you did before, but closer to the top," I instruct, removing my hand and letting her smaller one replace it. "And this time, don't move, I'll do the rest." She nods and sits on her legs, settling in. I place my hands down on the floor at my side and use them to push myself up. I watch as my dick slides through her hand and back again. Between what this looks like, and how long I've been hard, I know I'm not going to last much longer. I concentrate on the view before me, and hear Katniss groan as she looks on at the sight as well – I join her with a few groans of my own. She takes the initiative and grabs the lube again, pouring some over the top of her fist, coating the head of my dick as it pushes through her hand again, and then there's that sound again, the rhythmic sloshing of the lube plus her hand on me. "Fuck, that's sexy," Katniss says, gasping after she says it. She looks at me, eyes wide like she can't believe she said that out loud, and then I'm done. "Gonna come," I manage to choke out as I raise my hips slamming them into her wrist. Suddenly she tears her hand away, and I drop onto my ass, using both hands now to grab for her arm, shaking my head. "No, no," I beg. She lets me guide her hand back to my dick and she grips me again. I keep both hands over hers and begin to move up and down again. "It's okay," I sooth, pumping our hand over me in unison a few more times before I feel my orgasm begin deep in my stomach. I cry out, keeping my hands over hers as I spasm and burst, the liquid running down my hand and between my fingers, catching Katniss' hand where one of mine doesn't cover. "I'm sorry," Katniss apologizes again. "I got nervous." "It's alright," I smile, letting go of her hand; I motion for her to grab the box of tissues on the table behind us with her clean hand. "Your hand just felt really good. And different." She wipes her hand off and pushes the box to me, abandoning it in favor of her pants which she silently puts back on before excusing herself to the bathroom to clean up better. I wipe my hands off and make sure nothing dripped onto my shirt, When I've inspected everything, I wash my hands in the kitchen and sit back down in the living room, unsure of where to go from here. Katniss comes out of the bathroom a few minutes later, smelling like the soap we keep on the sink. She sits down next to me once again and re-braids her hair before turning around and grabbing my Trig book. "So, I think you were right," she says, opening the book and finding the page we're supposed to be working on. "Next time, we do homework first, and then reward ourselves." Feel free to add this story to your alerts. There will be at least 2 more parts to this story, possibly 3. I haven't decided yet :)