could be. They fought, and the chasm she felt between them before breached out into an unfixable abyss. After he dropped her off at the end of her block, she turned around to walk the length of her street several times before finally heading back. Her parents and Prim were in bed by the time she returned, and she was grateful for that at least. She tossed and turned for most of the night until falling into a fitful sleep, and when she woke around noon, her mother was at the foot of her bed, her face etched with concern. "How are you feeling?" she asked, reaching to press her palm to Katniss's forehead. "I'm fine," she growled as she slipped out from under the covers and began padding to the bathroom. She somehow woke in a worse mood than when she went to bed, and she didn't want to keep taking it out on her mother, or anyone else. It wasn't their fault that Peeta messed with her head. No, it was his fault. And she wasn't going to take it anymore. There was a priceless look of surprise when he opened his door and found her on his front porch. She didn't return his confused hello as she brushed past him and into his house. All the bad feelings she'd been harboring since that night he turned her down came tumbling out. She wanted to know why he did it, why he led her on only to rebuff the advances. Why he looked at her the way he did and then refused to meet her eyes. She couldn't have been imagining it all this time. As fantastical as it sounded, she knew he felt it, too. He had to. "Nothing can happen between us, Katniss," he answered flatly, and her fists clenched in frustration. "Don't treat me like a child." "Then don't act like one!" he snapped back. She felt her throat tightening with the threat of tears, but she didn't want to cry in front of him and prove his point further. "I have five weeks left on the job," she said quietly after recollecting herself. "Then I'm done. That's it. We won't see each other anymore." His face was solemn as he nodded in agreement. "It's probably for the best." "I just want you to know that I don't appreciate the mixed signals," she said. "And you know you do it." He muttered an apology, but it fell on deaf ears as her eyes landed on the thin scarf draped over the back of his couch. She recognized it instantly, and she could still picture it wrapped stylishly around the blonde's long neck. "You brought her back here," she said absently as she tried to wrap her mind around it. It was exactly what she feared, and it hurt just as bad as she imagined it would. But the worst of it was the part of her still holding out that little bit of hope. Maybe she just stopped in for a few minutes, it said. Maybe it doesn't mean what you think it does. "Just tell me," she asked. "I can't keep doing this, so just tell me." "I slept with her," he admitted quietly. "Is that what you want to hear?" "All I want to hear is the truth." He scoffed before his mouth twisted in a sardonic smile. "Fine. I fucked her and thought about you the entire time. There's the truth. Feel better?" "How is that supposed to make me feel better?" she yelled once she shook herself out of her stunned silence. "It's like you're playing a game with me or something." He sighed in defeat. "I don't want to do this to you, Katniss. I'm sorry. You asked for an honest answer, and there it is. "And here's another confession- I asked your mother to set me up because I know I need to forget about you. Lee is someone I should want. Someone I'm allowed to have feelings for. You're not." "That's bullshit, too," she replied. "We're not Romeo and Juliet. I might still be figuring things out, but I am an adult." "You're fifteen years younger than I am. I'm your boss. I'm technically your father's boss. There's a pretty significant power imbalance here, Katniss. How do you think your parents would feel if we were together? What do you think everyone would assume?" "I don't understand why you care so much about what other people think." "I care because I don't want it to have any impact on you! And I don't understand why you don't assume the same things everyone else would." "Because I know you better than that, okay? And I feel the same way about you." "Please don't say that," he pleaded. "It's the truth. I care about you more every day I spend with you. The more I get to know you, the more I-"F She was cut short by his mouth on hers, and all the fight inside of her seeped out as she sagged against him, clutching at his strong shoulders while deepening the kiss. He wasn't pulling away this time, and as his lips moved confidently with her own, she knew they were both in too deep now for their own good. She could have taken the out he offered, could have left broken-hearted but angry. But that wasn't the path she wanted to take. This time, she stopped the kiss, gently pushing off his chest and stumbling back as he blinked in surprise. "I think you need to wash Lee's smell off of you before we talk about this," she told him firmly. "I'll see you at work tomorrow." The more Katniss learned about herself, the more she realized that power imbalance wouldn't be as significant as he thought. TBC There will be about 3 or 4 chapters to this one. My fic tumblr url is annieoakley1, so feel free to stop by and say hello. Thanks for reading!