for the night. She didn't want to feel obligated to entertain us all night. This way she can tell us to leave without actually saying it." "So you would've been alone tonight too, then." "I hadn't thought about it like that," Katniss said. "I guess I would have." "Then it's a good thing I was there," Peeta said. His hand found Katniss's easily and laced their fingers together as they walked. "Just because people are there doesn't mean you're not alone." Katniss understood. "I lost my mother years ago," she said "But Prim only started to slip away these last few years. Faster and faster since she met Rory. She was so young when dad died, I don't think she understood what was going on with mom until recently. Delayed resentment, or something." They continued to walk and look at the lights, speaking only to comment on the displays until near the end, when Peeta stopped walking. "I have a confession to make," he said, letting go of Katniss's hand shoving both of his into the deep pockets of his coat. Oh, no, Katniss thought. Confessions never ended well. What could he possibly have to tell her? "I've been here to see these lights at least a half dozen times since they were lit earlier in the month," Peeta confessed. Katniss couldn't stop the relieved laughter that sprang up from her chest. "That's all?" She asked. "You didn't have to agree to come here if you've already seen these lights, Peeta." "No, no, I wanted to," Peeta stammered. "I've kind of been wanting to come here with you. There's something I've been thinking about showing you." Peeta led Katniss to a white, brick arch that opened up to the rest of the park where, before Christmas, a trolley would take visitors to see even more lights that were on display in the back. Peeta stopped under the arch and pointed up. Katniss followed his finger only to see a mistletoe right underneath them. "I've been wondering if anyone else noticed that was there," Peeta began nervously. "I haven't seen anyone kiss under it yet." "Peeta—" "I should have just kissed you the other night before you left the bowling alley," Peeta blurted out quickly. "I just wasn't entirely sure if that's something you wanted. Did you know that you're really hard to read" he laughed. "I've been trying for weeks now and all it's done is confuse me to the point where I actually thought finding a mistletoe was the best way to do this." This time, Katniss was the one that started laughing. "I might have watched one too many Hallmark movies this holiday season. I couldn't help it though, they're on all the time." Katniss couldn't get passed the fact that Peeta said he'd been thinking the same things she was, possibly for even longer. No wonder Johanna kept questioning her. "You've been trying to read me for weeks?" she asked. "Yeah," Peeta nodded. "Since I heard you singing that Christmas song at work. No, that's a lie. It was before that, but when I heard you singing, that's when I knew." "Knew what?" "That I was a goner." Katniss grew silent. She never knew what to say in these situations, but Peeta was honest with her, so she may as well do the same. "I have a confession to make, too," she said. "What's that?" "I wish you had kissed me the other night," she said, stepping closer to Peeta. "Well," Peeta smiled. "Maybe we should kiss now, then. It's a little cliche, but weare under a mistletoe. I'm not entirely sure, but I do believe it's a Christmas law." "And we wouldn't want to break a Christmas law on Christmas Eve," Katniss added. Without another comment, Peeta leaned in and pressed his lips to Katniss's. They took their time, letting their lips linger, savoring the moment for a short time before deepening their kisses. Each flick of Peeta's tongue against Katniss's brought forth a moan that was stifled by his mouth. When her lip slid between Peeta's and he sucked on it gently, she allowed her hands to travel down his chest, lower and lower until she hit the buckle of his belt. That's when she knew she wanted more, and when Peeta pulled away she knew needed it soon. They stared at each other, relief and need apparent on both of their faces. "So, what is this?" Katniss finally managed to ask. "What are we doing?" It's the question she had been wanting to ask for days but never could. As soon as the question was asked, she was scared to learn the answer. "You mean we're not engaged?" Peeta asked, feigning shock. His face quickly broke into a smile as his gloved hands came up to cup Katniss's face. "Let's just see where this goes, ok? "Yeah," Katniss nodded. "But I won't be seeing you as much soon," Peeta added. "You know I was only hired for the holidays. They'll probably cut me loose in another week or two." "What are you going to do then?" Peeta shrugged. "Travel the world in a hot air balloon?" "I'm serious, Peeta," Katniss said. She didn't like thinking about Peeta not working with her anymore. "I can talk to Haymitch. I can see if he'll keep you. Your sales skills are.." "It's ok, Katniss," Peeta said. His hands moved to her shoulders and he began to rub up and down her arms. "I'll figure something out." He brought his forehead down to rest against hers. "I don't want to talk about it anymore, right now. Not when I have you here like this." This time, Katniss leaned in and pressed a kissed to Peeta's lips, deepening it quickly and pulling him closer by the collar of his coat. She broke away from Peeta's lips and kissed a line across his jaw until she reached his ear. "Let's get out of here," she whispered. End of part 1