watched as his father worked meticulously and quickly. To Peeta his father had always seemed strong, gentle and quite vibrant but on this day his ideals were reversed. Mr. Mellark looked weary, meek, and rather cowardly. It was a bizarre concept for a 14 year old Peeta to grasp. His azure eyes no longer had that shine of vitality that Peeta was used to seeing. His brown hair was graying at the sides. His frowns became even more pronounced. He looked old and tired. To Peeta it seemed as if he had given up. Perhaps it was his mother's incessant bullying. His father was kind and generous up to a point that his wife would allow it. Peeta shook his head. His father looked up as they heard Mrs. Mellark yelled his name from inside the bakery. "You're mother is calling you." He murmured as he continued on his task wearily. Peeta nodded and went back inside through the back door. "Where have you been?" Peeta shrugged. "Out back." His mother 'humphed' and turned around, ordering him to get to work without bothering to even look at her son. "Where are Rye and Bannock?" "If you must know, Rye is out picking up the bags of flour we ordered and Bannock is out." She answered lazily. She always expected her orders to be carried out. However, it was getting harder for her to impose herself on his older brothers and so Peeta was the one who was usually at the receiving end of her insults and slaps. He remembered a time when his mother was much kinder. She was always there with a ready smile and arms outstretched for a hug. It was when her parents died that she turned cold and aloof eventually becoming cruel. Her hugs became slaps and her kind words became insults and belittling comments. Peeta was used to it so he never really paid attention. He started on his task as his mother randomly stomped around the bakery murmuring about the Seam brat. At one point he heard her murmur the words "disgusting seam nigger." His eyes flashed with anger as he pounded the dough loudly against the floured table. "What? You're not going to tell me that you like that useless nigger." Peeta simply clenched his jaw in response. "Listen to me Peeta Mellark. That girl. That Seam nigger is not going to ever be a part of this family. Yah hear me? She is dirty and I will not be having some little colored grandchildren walking around my back yard. I won't allow it." Peeta slammed the dough on the table one last time. " She is not a nigger, mother. She's a good girl, and she works hard." His mother flashed her eyes at him in warning but Peeta refused to listen. He stood rigidly behind the metal table as his mother walked towards him, rolling pin in her hand. She stood in front of him, daring him to challenge her, a challenge he easily accepted. She brought up the rolling pin and was about to bring it down upon his back when his father walked in asking what was going on. "He plans to make us grandparents to some little niggers." His mother said disgustedly expecting her husband to agree or to go along. His father nodded. "Put the rolling pin down. If you hit him with it, he'll be too injured to work." His mother sucked her teeth and threw the pin on the table as she walked up the stairs, clearly annoyed. His father sighed heavily and walked towards Peeta. "Are you in love with that girl?" Peeta refused to answer. Mr. Mellark's cowardice was wearing thin on Peeta. He wished his father had been more strong-willed from the beginning, but his dreams were only just that, dreams. His father grabbed a stool and sat in front of his golden-haired son. Peeta refused to look at his father even when he had repeated his earlier question. "Yes, I love her." Peeta whispered as he felt the heat of embarrassment rise up his neck. His father sighed, "You know, I understand. I was in love with Katniss's mother long before she married the tractor driver." Peeta looked up at his father in surprise. "Why didn't she marry you then?" "When Mr. Everdeen would finish his work, he would either whistle or sing on his way home." Peeta was confused."What does that have to do with anything?" "Well son, whenever that man sang or whistled, even the birds would quiet down and listen. It was quite remarkable, really." Peeta finally understood why he had been in love with Katniss ever since she sang the Valley Song in class. When she sang, the birds stopped to listen. He was mesmerized with her voice at first, but as the years passed by, he couldn't help but add more attributes to her. "Listen Peeta, I know I'm not the bravest man in the world but I want you to know that I don't share your mother's thoughts. You can be as much in love with that girl as you would like. I completely understand why. She has the same gift her father had. I've heard her a couple times before her father died. Just, please be careful and know that if you were to be in a relationship with her things would be hard for both of you. This town is quite prejudiced and unaccepting of things they can't understand." Peeta nodded and his father got up and walked away. Peeta heard the lunch bell ring taking him out of his reminiscing thoughts. He picked up his books and was about to walk out when Thresh tapped him on the shoulder and asked him for the second time that day if he was ok. Peeta assured him with a smile and walked out. Well guys, I hope you enjoyed this first chapter. Please Rate and Review! I'll be updating my 2 second chapter soon!