the escort as for a volunteer, but I knew the question was posed as his eyes met mine. My breath hitched, and I felt my arm tense in preparation. Could I really do this? Did I really want to die for my brother? Tariq must have noticed my arm begin to raise. Abruptly, he stopped screaming, staring me in the eye and responding with one simple motion. He shook his head. Finally I understood. My brother did not want to die, but above that he did not want to lose me. He fought now because he didn't want to do this alone. He couldn't live without me, but I could live without him. I honored his wish, a flurry of remorse in my heavy heart. Yet I didn't lower my arm because of his desire; I lowered my arm because I was not willing to sacrifice myself for him. I stared at the trail of blood, watching as Tariq continued to flail like a desperate fish out of water. Peacekeepers continued to pin him to the ground. I would not save him, and yet I would be okay. Goodbye Elijah POV Tariq's age: 18 I didn't walk to the Justice Building, I ran there. By the time I got to the doors, I felt out of breath. They let me in, and a kinder Peacekeeper I recognized as Cassius led me towards Tariq's room. "You may want to wait a few minutes,'' Cassius suggested. I glanced at him confusion, and he continued, "Tariq has been noncompliant. I am concerned he may turn aggressive, so I suggest you wait for him to calm down.'' "Fat chance,'' I growled, turning my back to him. It was the second time I'd use the silly phrase in one day, and I couldn't help pondering the irony of it. The first time, I felt amused. Now I just felt broken. "I'm seeing my brother now.'' "Suit yourself,'' Cassius replied with a shrug, pulling his keys of his belt to open the door to Tariq's room. I tapped a foot in impatience as he fiddled with the keys, cursing as he tried to find the right one. "I wish I could give you two more than five minutes. Seems like you'd need it.'' The door creaked open, and I didn't bother replying to Cassius. I understood his desire to be kind, but I only wanted to see Tariq. Maybe we could find a way out of this. Maybe Cassius would help. I glanced at him briefly with a touch of hope, but a firm shake of his head told me otherwise. I lowered my head and entered the room, unsure of what state I would find Tariq in. Part of me expected to find him clawing at the door. Part of me expected him to be sobbing. Still another side feared he would hate me for not saving him. When I found him in the room, I stared at him in confusion. He had kicked off his shoes, revealing his mismatched star and striped socks as he lay sprawled out on a couch. Instead of the emotion I expected, I simply found him sleeping. "Tariq?'' I didn't know why I spoke in a whisper. Perhaps there was something dangerously tranquil about him, as if he were the calm before a storm. If I wasn't careful, I could set off a hurricane. "I'm here now. Are you okay? Tariq?'' "I'm sorry,'' he whispered, eyes opening and staring emptily at a nearby vase. I expected him to jump to his feet and hurl it at a wall, but he remained still. "I don't want to leave you.'' "You're coming home soon,'' I promised him, forcing a smile on my face. Physically, I knew he could survive. He was a good worker. Using a sickle to harvest wheat was different than using it to decapitate an angry Career, but I was sure that would come in time. I was more worried by the unresponsive look in his eyes. I feared he had given up. "Are you listening to me? Tariq?'' "I'm just t-tired,'' he murmured, his unfocused gaze finally transfixing on my face. With a sigh he sat up, and I occupied the free seat. He leaned against my shoulder, and I wrapped my arms around him tightly. It was like the day I found him in the alleyway, nearly dead. I brought him back then. I feared nothing could bring him back now. I used my handkerchief to wrap his bloody hands where the fingernails used to be. His eyes closed, and we didn't say another word. We stayed still, the only sound coming from our breathing. Eventually the door cracked up, and Cassius stood in the doorway. I could see my father and a group of Tariq's friends waiting outside, but my brother simply shook his head. "Alright, get back. All of you, get back. He wants to be alone right now,'' Cassius said to the others. Tariq gave him a quick, appreciative nod, and the Peacekeeper replied with, "You've had your five minutes, Elijah. You need to come out now.'' "I love you so much,'' I whispered, choking back tears as I sat up and gave him a hug. He reciprocated. "Please come back. Please.'' Tariq nodded, evidently too emotional to speak. He didn't need to say it. His eyes, alight with rekindled passion, told the whole story. My brother hadn't given up. Perhaps he was coming home. I didn't start to cry until I left the room. Cassius glanced at me before awkwardly kneeling down, taking my hand in his. I glanced at him with surprise as he used a rag to bandage my shredded hand. He never spoke, but the small gesture from usually such a bitter man made me cry harder at the small brightness of it. It would be okay. Even if it wasn't okay, I'd adapt. For that was the human condition. I would move along, just as I always had.