me go!" I protest, trying to break his hold on me. "Are you fucking him? You cheated on me with him, didn't you. You acted so hurt and depressed when I cheated, you hypocrite." Gale's seething now, pinning me against the car and talking at me. "I never cheated, Gale." I say, trying to hold my composure. Where the hell is Peeta? "Liar!" Gale pushes himself off me, angrily pacing in front of me. He begins yelling at me, but I can't hear what he's saying. I can't hear or breathe, I'm shaking and the feeling in my hands is gone. A panic attack is the last thing I need right now. I'm trying to control my breathing and tune Gale out, but he's just so loud and I can't take it. I feel the tears hit my cheeks before I even notice that I'm crying, and Gale's still asking me questions. "Are you even listening to me?" "I-" "Fuck, Katniss! What's the matter with you?" Gale's getting close again just as Peeta comes outside. "What's going on here?" That's when Gale hits me. It's a crisp slap in the face, similar to the one I gave him, but it knocks me to the ground. Gale stands above me as I grip my face, the pain spreading from my cheek. I look up just in time to see Peeta come over a punch Gale in the face, push him to the ground, and they begin pummeling each other as I lay there, paralyzed in fear and anxiety. Finnick, Annie and Cato come outside at hearing the ruckus and immediately get to work at separating the boys. Annie comes over and leans next to me. "Katniss? Are you okay?" "I- I can't-" I begin gagging so I stop talking. "Calm down. Take a deep breath and tell me what's wrong." I'm still gasping for air, but Annie needs to know what's happening. "Anxiety… attack." Gal e turns and sees me on the ground, gasping for air and holding my stomach while I try not to vomit. "Shit, Catnip!" He's mad at me and I'm not happy with him at all, but he knows what's happening. "She's having a panic attack. A bad one, too." He moves his hands to my shoulders and I jump away. "Don't-" I cough. No way am I letting me help me after what he just did to me. I turn around and begin gagging, pulling at my hair. "Katniss, Katniss hey. Look at me." Peeta's over here now, leaning down next to me. "Hey, it's okay." I shake my head because it's not. "Focus on the sound of my voice, okay?" I don't answer. He puts his hands on my arms and rubs them up and down. "When I was little, my mom used to hit me. She would use it as punishment for whenever I did something wrong. It used to give me panic attacks, too. And my older brother one time found me hiding in the closet during one. He sat with me and told me a story until I felt better, then we hijacked cookies from the bakery downstairs and binge-ate them until we couldn't move." I've calmed down a little, finding control of my breathing and looking at his eyes and hearing his voice. "You have them, too?" I ask, painfully vulnerable. He nods. "You're going to be okay, Katniss." I begin crying. No longer having a panic attack, just crying. Peeta wraps me up and holds me against his chest while I cry myself dry. Eventually, Peeta brings me into his room and lets me sleep there for the night so he can watch over me. "I didn't know you had anxiety." He says. "It never came up." I mutter. He nods, wrapping his arms around me from behind in bed. "I can help you." That's more than Gale ever did. "I know." I say. "Will you let me?" He asks, burying his face in my hair. "I'll allow it." I fall asleep with a sense of hope for once. You're going to be okay, Katniss. We talk to Gale the next day and profuse apologies are given, and eventual friendship is agreed upon. I just need time. Me and Peeta stay together, and it's like a fairy tale. He cuddles me, cooks me food, watches movies with me, holds me at night. He lets me take care of him, and I let him take care of me. I never take a blade to my wrist again. Peeta helps me through my decreased panic attacks when they come around, and I help him get through his. We heal together. I knew I loved for a long time, but don't say anything about it until the night we fully explore each other for real. As we come down from our high and settle into our afterglow, I tell him and he says it back. " I love you, too." A/N Hi all! As someone who suffers from anxiety, I have based some of her experiences off of my own and I fully understand that everyone's anxiety is different. Never feel like you're alone because you aren't. Here are some hotlines for self harm and other mental illness situations (taken from ): *1-800-DON'T-CUT – More info on self-injury * .com – Referrals for therapists and tips for how to stop. *1-800-273-TALK – A 24-hour crisis hotline if you're about to self-harm or are in an emergency situation. *To Write Love On Her Arms ( .com) - A non-profit movement dedicated to presenting hope and finding help for people struggling with depression, addiction, self-injury, and suicide. *1-800-SUICIDE – Hotline for people contemplating suicide. *1-800-334-HELP – Self Injury Foundation's 24-hour national crisis line. *1-800-799-SAFE – Domestic violence hotline. *1-877-332-7333 – Real Help For Teens' help line. Again, I hope you enjoyed this story and I have a new multi-chapter fic coming soon! love and kisses, everlarktoast. P.S. come say hi on tumblr! I'm ktanissevrdeen :)