that my lady parts where like a broken down car. I guess a girl can get hit down there only so often before she's unable to conceive." Johanna stated. She cleared her throat and looked up at Peeta. "I'm so sorr-" Peeta began "Oh stop it bread boy. What's done is done and there's no helping it. I don't need your sympathy. What I do need you to do is relax and give your damn wife a break and fix all this stupid bullshit by being honest with her." Johanna commented as she rose from the table and went in search of the bottle of wine to finish it. She took one good long swig and wiped her mouth with the sleeve of her sweater and smiled, "and if you tell anyone else about my sappiness I will personally make sure my punches hurt even more." Peeta smiled in return, "well in that case I'll do it but we better hurry up and finish this damn pie or we won't make it to dinner. It's already getting darker outside. By the way, I'm telling Katniss." Johanna gave him a side glance as a warning. "What I have to. She'll be wondering why I changed so suddenly and not to mention that she's my wife. I'm expected to tell her everything,but besides that I won't tell a soul, I'll leave the rest up to you." Johanna drooped her shoulders in defeat, "Fine, you can tell her." Peeta nodded and continued on his work. XXXXXXXXXXXXXX Once everything was all set and done Peeta wrapped the pie in a towel and gave it to Johanna to hold as they walked back to the festivities. Once they entered the house they looked at one another and grinned. Johanna walked towards the dinner table with pie in hand and Peeta went in search of his wife. Katniss had fallen asleep on the couch and Peeta smiled and ran a finger tenderly over her face pushing back a tendril out of it and bend down to give her a kiss on the forehead. Katniss stirred and looked around confused, "Oh my god, I fell asleep. How embarrassing, I must've dozed off when Annie went to put Fen down for his nap. Oh god, this is horrible." Peeta chuckled, "Katniss it's alright. I'm sure no one minded. It's warm in here and you're pregnant I'm sure Haymitch and the rest will forgive you. Although Effie might be hard to pacify, you know how she can be." he shrugged giving her a sheepish smile, "But I would like to say something." "What?" Katniss asked once she sat up. "Not here." Peeta replied as he helped his wife stand up and walked her towards the entrance of the living room, underneath the mistletoe. He looked up at it and back down to his wife who was more perplexed by the minute, "I'm sorry for arguing with you today. I've been a little on edge lately and it hasn't made things easy on either of us. I promise to be honest with you and to try to keep things in a relaxing atmosphere for our children's sake. I will do my best to be the best husband for the remainder of this pregnancy and beyond, but I also need you to do something for me." "What?" Katniss asked breathlessly. "I need you to be honest with me about what you're feeling and why. It doesn't help that we keep things from each other. We're not mind readers and it's not good for Willow to see or her us fighting. She needs to know that mommy and daddy are trying their best to be okay. We have to do it for her and for this baby." Katniss nodded wordlessly and after some time she looked back up at him, "I'm sorry too for being so bullheaded, and you're right of course. It's just that I'm worried that I'm doing something wrong and my hormones are going insane. I don't usually go nuts about small things but as the time gets closer to give birth I get more nervous and not to mention I'm afraid that I somehow will do something to hurt my kids or you, even if it is without meaning to." Peeta placed his hand underneath Katniss chin, "Well we can't worry about something that hasn't happened yet. If something does happen, which I doubt, we'll deal with it in it's own time," Katniss smiled up at him, "What made you change so suddenly?" "Someone gave me a good kick in the ass." Peeta answered. Katniss glanced towards the kitchen, "Johanna?" Peeta nodded as Katniss began to speak to him again but he interrupted her by placing a finger on her lips to silence her, "We'll talk more later but for now let me give you a proper kiss under this mistletoe." He reached for her beautiful face and framed his other hand onto her cheek as he drew closer and met her warm awaiting lips. He closed as much distance as her belly would allow and poured his search forgiveness into the kiss as he ran his tongue across her closed lips and relaxed into it once she opened up for him. He was well into kissing his wife senseless when he heard Johanna, "Get a room you two. It's indecent to show this much love in a room full of virgin eyes." Both Peeta and Katniss pulled apart and flipped her the bird as they smiled at eachother stupidly. "Awww how sweet, I knew you always loved me. I love you too weirdos but you better get to the dining table or Effie will have you both by the throats. It's time to eat." Katniss and Peeta beamed at each other and floated behind Johanna happily awaiting for what the rest of Christmas had prepared for them. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX All right guys, Hope you enjoyed this short story. Don't forget to leave a review. Reviews keep me going!