eye on her" she replied. "Sure, have a good night Effie" he nodded before going back inside. And so the night began. After multitudes of expensive fast cars had sped by every day, she had grown accustomed to seeing them. But never had she seen such a valuable car driven so badly , the one that was about to pass her screeched forward. Smoke plumed from the intermittent skidding wheels and the body lurched forward every time there was a gear change. She even heard some of the surrounding partygoers mumble the word "maniac", even the intoxicated noticing the poor driving quality. As it began to slow she knew it would end up in her territory, Kat would have killed her if she hadn't tried approaching, but none of what she had seen had boded well. "Evening sweetheart" a voice called. Plastering on the sweetest smile she could muster she made her way to the Lotus. "Looking for a date?" she asked, swaying her hips slowly as widely as she could. "None of that tonight, just trying to figure out how to get to Beverly Hills" "Well I could show you…" Effie mused "For 10 dollars" "Nice try princess, I'm not gonna pay for directions" "Good luck finding someone around here who would give you something for free" she sighed, mock walking away. She heard him tut behind her. "So you know how to get to the Regent?" "Oh darling, it's my favourite place" she smiled sweetly. His chin jutted slightly as he dropped the bill into her outstretched palm and motioned for her to get in. As soon as her door slammed shut he began again speeding and screeching with minimal consideration. "You drive rather fast for someone for doesn't who know where they're going" she muttered. "Aw but now I've got you," he replied with a smirk "What's your name?" "Whatever you want it to be" it rolled off her tongue in reply without a thought. "Don't play with me sweetheart" The car slowed slightly when he turned to her, her act dropped momentarily seeing his concern. Not seeing any real reason why not to, for once she decided to give the man her actual name, he seemed different. "It's Effie" When she answered he repeated her name a couple of times, as if he wanted to commit it to memory. She didn't understand why. "Good to meet you Effie, I'm Haymitch" he replied. In his mind she was a hot mess, a crooked wig and a fake sensuous accent. Still he felt like it would be premature to let her go, this wasn't how he planned the evening at all but surely it could do no harm. His glances at her became more frequent, more than would be needed to validate directions, until they finally pulled into the hotel parking lot. "So this is your place hm?" she asked, staring up through the windshield at the lit up grandeur that was the Regent. She had never been so close to a place so luxurious, she'd never needed to. He didn't reply, instead he just gave a half nod as his thoughts were somewhere else. Effie considered whether to get out, however nice a man he seemed to be it was never advisable to linger in a car like that. He started to wring his hands, debating internally. His decision was made as he looked up at her again. Her cheap jewels sparkled on her collar, the wig had not righted itself and she was wearing too much makeup for a Tuesday night. Still she had that look, there was more to her than her occupation. "Did you uh… want to come up and get drink?" he asked. "Well Haymitch " she sighed, drawing out his name "Honestly I've got so many clients lined up for me, I don't think I'd have the time" Saying this she got out of the car, her heels clicked as she walked over to the nearest bench. Unsure what else to do, Haymitch handed his keys to the porter and followed her. She didn't know why she had rejected him. They were both quiet as he sat down next to her. He was bemused as she slowly looked him up and down, unaware that his attire was anything out of sorts. She made a mental list as she did, gold cufflinks, monogrammed shirt, pressed suit, something wasn't right. "You could have anyone, you know?" she mumbled, the false lightheartedness dropping from her voice "I don't see why you'd want to pay" Why was she arguing? She herself didn't know. "I could," he smirked "but tonight I want you, a professional" The ice broke as she laughed - a real laugh. A professional? Never once had anyone described her in such a way, not even in joking. It was true what she had said, technically he could have anyone. But he was tired of ulterior motives, he needed someone who knew what they were doing, and would leave in the morning without demanding a share of the company or something along those lines. "I think that's the most romantic thing anyone has ever said to me" she joked, tugging on his arm. "Then sweetheart, what a sad life you've lived" Holding out his hand, he pulled her up from the bench. What a sad life you've lived. This she mused as they entered the building. He hadn't meant it seriously but it was truthful. Although as they walked through the revolving door into reception, his statement was soon forgotten, quickly replaced by a sinking feeling and awkward silence. The other patrons froze as they took in her appearance. Her heels for once attracted too much attention, as if the clicked signaled her lack of class, or worse her job. People muttered as she clung onto the man's arm. The stares that were directed at her pierced. Some were polite and averted their eyes but some were less polite. Their lips curled in disgust.