with me but I guess that is not good enough reason to dislike him now. He seems alright. Finally, I let my eyes go to Price Gale`s face. His eyes remind me of my own but his expression makes him look cavalier and curt. His brown hair is tied in a neat ponytail. The moment he sees me entering the Hall, he stands up. He is wearing an ivory silk waistcoat, embroidered with large aureoles with sequin centers and a pair of black silk breeches. He looks at me head to toe, reaches for my hand and kisses it. "Your Royal Highness," he says "what a pleasure to finally meet you." It takes a lot to stop myself from shuddering. My whole body becomes cold and I quickly withdraw my hand from his. "Price Gale, I have heard so much about you." I say although I didn't know about his existence until this morning. My mother is sure to be proud of me. Being a polite young lady with good manners seems to be the only thing that she finds important sometimes. Then he smiles at me but his smile seems forced and cruel. I nod and curtsy and start walking fast to my chair praying that he doesn't try to touch me again but he manages to catch up with me. He pulls my chair, puts his hand on my waist and gestures me to sit. I feel his ice-cold hand through my gown and wince. He notices and his grip around hardens. I don't dare look at his face. At last, I sit down and he retreats to his own seat. "My dear Princess Katniss, you have changed so much since our last meeting." says King Elyot. "For the better, I hope, Your Majesty." I say with a smile and flutter my eyelashes. "Of course!" he responds with a hearty laugh. "You have become an alluring young lady. It is a wonder you haven`t married some young gentleman yet." My smile fades away. My mother sees this and just as I am about to answer him she starts talking. "Well, Your Majesty, Katniss was waiting for the perfect one and she seems to have found him now, haven`t you, my dear?" she says. "The Queen is right." I reply with a tight-lipped smile. "Shall we eat? I am sure you are quite hungry after your travels." my mother says. "You couldn`t be more right, Your Majesty." the King answers. The lunch is pleasant enough. Luckily, Gale doesn`t seem very keen on talking and he stared at his plate most of time. I did feel his eyes on me a couple of times and when this happened, I felt unable to breathe or swallow the food that was in my mouth. It was truly terrifying. I absolutely have to find a way around marrying him. I will not handle kissing him or sleeping in the same bed as him and I definitely can`t let him become the King of Velaria. A few fat tears escape my eyes before I can stop them. I was looking at my plate so I hope that no one noticed. There is a kind of a tense silence in the Great Hall while the servants take away the main course and place the desert on the table. "The food was extremely delightful" King Elyot starts "and while we are here in order to get to know each other and for Gale and Katniss to get used to each other`s company, we also need to talk about something more important." "Whatever it is, please, do continue." my mother gestures delicately. "Upon leaving Astria, I was told that there was a problem that needed my immediate attention. I did what I could in the short time that I had before coming to your beautiful Velaria but things will not stay like that forever and I need to go home as soon as possible. Therefore, I spoke to the Valarian House of Lords and they agreed that the best thing that can be done is for the wedding to happen next week. I am sure that this decision is not a complication for you and for organizing the wedding." No, no, no. I start breathing short and quick breaths and it seems like no air is reaching my lungs. I feel as if I am choking. My hands start shaking. I cannot do anything for less than a week. I cannot prove that I`m a suitable ruler and I cannot get away from him. "No, of course not. We completely understand, Your Majesty. The wedding will be organized in no time." I can barely make out what my mother is saying. I feel crushed, defeated and hopeless. There is nothing I can do. I cannot save my country and I definitely cannot save myself. Suddenly the little self-control I had is gone. "No! Absolutely not! This wedding is not happening! Not in week, not in two, not ever!" I stand up and shout. Everybody is too stunned to actually say anything. No lady should act that way. Well, damn them and damn their bloody manners! I feel dizzy as I start walking towards the door and I can`t stop the tears flowing down my cheeks. I can`t see where I am going, I can`t hear anything and I can`t think. That is until I suddenly feel myself crashing into something, no, someone. "Your Highness, I apologize!" My blood warms up and I stop shaking. I lift my head and find myself looking at the most exquisite sapphire blue eyes I have ever seen. I can`t move for a few seconds. "Are you alright?" His voice brings me out of my trance and I remember everything bad that I seemed to have forgotten. "Yes, thank you." I say. I take his hand and get up. I feel my heart skip a beat. The farther I get from this stranger, the more helpless and sorrowful I start feeling again.