because I am about to fall asleep, and I fall straight onto the bed. Not bothering to go under the covers, I just lay down onto the bed and soon enough, I have fallen into a deep sleep. Peeta's POV "Goodnight Willow. Sleep tight my little princess. I'll see you in the morning." I say to my little girl. I walk to the door and turn off the lights, letting the little fairy lights that are spread around her room, light up to keep the room visible to Katniss and I when we come in, in the middle of the night. "Night, night princess." I whisper before walking out of the room. When I get into our room, I see Katniss fast asleep on the bed, just lying on the bed. I smile and then walk to the side of the bed. I take off my pants and shirt and walk to the side where Katniss is laying. I slowly move the covers and cover her with them. I kiss her fore head before walking back around. I get in and slide to where Katniss is. I wrap my arms around her and close my eyes, awaiting for sleep to take over. "I love you Peeta." She whispers. Maybe she was awake. I sit up a little and see Katniss with a smile on her face. I smile at her and then kiss her fore head again. "I love you too Katniss." I say. Then I fall asleep next to the woman I love, for the first time in over a month. Haymitch's POV "Thank you for such a good night, Haymitch." Sky tells me. "It was nothing Sky. Anything for the people I love." I answer. "Haymitch, that's why I am saying thank you. Thank you for finally taking me in. At first I thought you wouldn't ever accept and I would have to go back to the Capitol, but today you came around and you have no idea how happy that makes me feel. I didn't just expect to waltz into your lives and make myself fit in, I knew it would take time, but as soon as I got here, I was completely scared about having to go back to the Capitol. Haymitch, you will never know how ecstatic I am that you are excepting me as family. I'm happy that you are letting me become Sky Abernathy." She finishes. "Come here kiddo." I say, gesturing her towards me. She walks into my arms and keeps a tight grip on me. I place my cheek on her head and wrap my arms around her as well. "I am honoured for you to become Sky Abernathy." I tell her. "Thank you Dad." She says. "Oh wait. No that slipped out. I'm sorry." She starts to apologize. "Don't be. I don't care if you call me Haymitch or Dad or anything. I would actually prefer it if you called me Dad." I answer. She looks up to me and smiles. "Alright then, Dad." She answers with a sweet smile. I kiss her fore head and then bring her in for a hug. We stand like that for a while before Effie interrupts us with a knock at the door. "Sky, sweetie, you should go to bed. It's been a long day." Effie says. "Okay Mum." She answers. She walks over to Effie and they hug and say goodnight. I say I'll be back in a second and head downstairs for a little while. When I get back upstairs, all I can see is darkness. I walk into Sky's room and then see her lying in her bed, looking to the ceiling. I walk over to her bed and kneel by it. I lean over and kiss her fore head. "Night sweetheart." I say. She closes her eyes, smiles and the grabs my arm as I start to leave. "Haymitch… uh I mean Dad." She says. "Yes." "Do you know that this is the first time I have felt at home ever before? This is the first time in my life I have finally felt whole." She says. "Really?" "Yes. You made that possible." She concludes. I smile and then she takes my hand and kisses it. She then let's go and starts to shuffle around the bed, so I get up and walk towards the door. "Thank you." I hear her mumble as I reach the door. "No worries sweetheart." I answer. I then walk off down the hallway and into my room and I see Effie sitting up in the bed in a light pink nightgown. I get dressed into some slacks and a white shirt while Effie and I have a conversation. "She's a really good kid Effie." I tell her. "I know." She answers softly. "I didn't think I would ever grow to stand her in the start, but that changed. I like her Effie." "Obviously, you let her start calling you Dad." "Well yeah. I mean, I have just agreed to her becoming a formal part of this family, so I thought, what the hell. I was going to have to get used to it at some stage, you know?" I answer. "Yes, Haymitch. I do know. And I also know that I you already love her so much." Effie states. "I do, it's hard not to like her. She is just so loveable." I tell her. I see her smile and I slide into bed with her. "You and Matt have a great child." I say to her. "No Haymitch. You and I have a great child." Before I know it, her lips are on mine and my hands roam her body and I start to pull her closer to me. "Maybe, I could thank you for what you did today now." Her hand goes down to in between us and she starts to rub my growing hardness. "If that's what you want." She sighs softly. "Yeah. I think that could work." I answer.