the lights glistening in the room, dancing off your mommy's cheek," he gazed up at me, "she looks like an angel. I hope you look like your mommy. She won't say so but I'm sure she would be happy if you did too. I can't wait to see you. I love you. I love you. I love you." "I love you too," I whispered down to our little baby. Sure, I was terrified beyond my comprehension but I was also in a state of euphoria as I observed the glowing smile on Peeta's face. In that moment I knew that this baby might just be one of the best decisions I had ever made. Now "Daddy is this a good amount of frosting!" Pearl yells and then points are her sugar cookie which you wouldn't even know was a sugar cookie if you hadn't seem it before the tsunami of red and green frosting hit it. "That's plenty," Peeta says and then plucks the frosting spout from her small hands. She is almost five now, and she's got my hair but that's about it. The rest of her is purely Peeta. She loves to bake, and she is already good at drawing. For Christmas Peeta and I got Pearl her own easel and paint set. She's going to be so excited when she sees it. We open our gifts on Christmas Eve after our meal, so she will be getting her gift as soon at Peeta finishes cleaning up the mess in the kitchen. She hops down from the stool she had been using to reach the counter and runs over to the couch. "Mommy!" she shouts even though she is right next me. "Yes?" "Will the baby be here for Christmas?" she asks with smile on her face. "I can't wait to see her." "No the baby won't be here for Christmas, Pearl. And it might be a baby brother too," I say and tug on her braid playfully. My stomach is so big I can't even see my feet and Peeta has banished me to the sofa for the night because I can barely walk. "Gross!" She fakes vomiting. "Hey now," Peeta chimes in, "I'd love another boy in the house, I'm outnumbered here." "Tell Daddy that if Mommy has anything to do with it, it'll stay that way," I smirk at him. He shoots me a joking glare back. "You heard Mommy!" She wags her finger at Peeta. "No more boys in the house!" she chants. "You tell him Pearl!" I encourage. "Oh you are no good," he admonishes me. I roll my eyes, "If I could walk right now I would so slap you, but I can't so just know I'm backhanding you in my mind right now." He shakes his head. "So pleasant. So pleasant." "It's only up from here," I tell him with sarcasm dripping from each word. Then I calmly place a hand on my belly. "It's like I have a whale in here. Pearl never got this big." "That means it's a boy," Peeta winks. "Nice try, but no." He shrugs, "You just wait, Katniss. It's going to be a boy and we are going to name him Hunter." "That is SO cliché!" "No it is not!" he retorts. "I think that's a good name!" I shake my head. "Absolutely not. I will not allow it. If it's a boy we are naming him Pine." "And that's better than Hunter?" "I agree with Daddy. I like Hunter better," Pearl says. She always takes his side. "You're outnumbered! Hunter it is!" "I'm the one carrying the baby!" I call out. "Touché." He shoots me a deadly grin. I love him so much it hurts. I love our family too. I never thought I could be this happy, but I am. The only thing I wish is that Prim could see. I hope she's looking down on us from wherever she is and smiling. I look up and smile at her all the time. "Okay, Pearl," Peeta begins as he walks toward the sofa lit by the light of the Christmas tree. "Go sit with Mommy and make sure your eyes are closed, got it?" She buries her face in my hair. "My eyes are closed, Daddy!" Peeta then runs upstairs, sounding like an elephant the whole way, and comes back down in moments with the easel and the tin of paints. He mouths to me, 'Ready?' I nod. I've been waiting to see her smile all day. "Open your eyes pumpkin," I whisper and she flies up. When she sees the easel though she completely stops in her tracks. Her eyes widen, and her jaw falls slack. "Ta da!" Peeta exclaims. "No way! No way! No way!" She screams, jumps off the sofa, and literally starts hugging the oak easel. "I love you Mommy and Daddy!" she cheers over and over again. "Keep looking!" I tell her. "There is something else!" It takes her a minute but eventually she finds the tin. She rips the top off and actually starts crying when she sees the array of colors. "It's so pretty! So pretty…" So there we are. The three, well four, of us sitting by the tree. Peeta looks like he might faint from happiness. These last few months have been the best. Yes, I have been terrified by the idea of having another child, but I've also been delighted by it. When I feel him or her kicking in my stomach I get a rush, and I wonder if I can be as good a mom to him or her as I am to Pearl, but deep down I know I can. The love I feel for Pearl is almost otherworldly. Each day I love her more. There is nothing she can ever do that will make me love her less. So sitting here with my daughter, and the love of my life is all I need. All I need is family.