a moment and I stare at him in shock, "Just like one would put back together a broken mirror, I will put you back together. And I know some of the pieces will be sharp, and sever my skin, but I won't stop until I can see you in that mirror again. And your reflection will be picturesque." "No!" I scream. "You'll ruin your life trying to fix me!" "My life already has been ruined. So has yours," he pulls me back into his arms, "I lost you, and when I did all my nightmares became reality. They took you away from me, in the most personal way. My own ideal was that you were a murderer that you were out to have my head on a stake. And my mind was bound in chains. Only a small part, could remember how much I loved you," I go to rebut but he puts his thumb over my lips, "How much I still love you, and how much I always will." Suddenly he knots his hands with my hair, and presses his lips to mine. They are wet with his words, and warmed by his inner fire. The hunger flourishes inside of me once more, and spreads throughout my being. Warming every part of me, and driving my heart and mind to madness. I know I will not be the first to pull away, because it feels so good, so impossibly good. And I am not. Peeta pulls away first, trying to catch his breath even though our kiss only lasted for a few seconds. "Katniss," he whispers, "I'm sorry. I don't want to complicate things between us. I was fine where we were. I am sorry." "I'm not," I state boldly. His eyebrows furrow in confusion, "You're not what?" "Sorry." "You mean you liked what just happened? You-" "Yes," I cut in, "I liked it." "But where does that leave us? Still just friends who sleep together?" "I don't think we are destined to be just friends," is the answer I give him. I can tell he doesn't know what to say by the way he is biting his lips. He settles me down on the bed, and gets up. Leaving me alone. He paces around at the foot of the bed. Is he doing this to confuse me, because he surely has? "I shouldn't have kissed you just then, you were crying and vulnerable," he says barely above a whisper. I shake my head, "Then you should have kissed me those other two thousand times that you were about to today!" "It wasn't that many times Katniss. I don't know what to do about us. I don't want to hurt you. I'm a ticking time bomb for a flashback. I could kill you." "What are you saying?" I ask. "I'm just saying that I don't know what to do about us." I gnash my teeth together; "Well you should have figured that out before you kissed me, so why don't you let me know when you have got this figured out." I storm out of his room in a fit of anger. I can hear him screaming my name, but everything sounds muffled. And soon enough I am exposed to that bitter air again, and I'm running through it. I push the door open, and am greeted by darkness. The furniture is dusty, and the floors creak every time you take a step. It harvests bad memories, but it's my house, never my home. There is a pile of mail sitting my counter, and I decide to go through that since I know I will not sleep tonight. Most of them are from the capitol, checking on me. One is from my therapist; I chuck that into the garbage without a second thought. Most of them also find a home in the garbage, except for two. One is from my mother, and the other is from Peeta. Obviously Peeta's letter is older but still I will open it. I peel opens my mother's first. She asks me how I am, tells me about all of the healing she is doing. Asks if Peeta is well, and if things between us resemble some kind of normalcy. They were until tonight, I think. But then again things between Peeta and us will never be normal, but we've both accepted that. She demands I call her because she misses me terribly. Then she tells me that she loves me, and signs her name. Next I go to Peeta's letter. I have not a clue what it will be about. I rip it open, and find a parchment paper inside. It's a short letter, but by just looking at it I can sense that it holds his feelings. My dearest Katniss, I am coming home soon. Please do not lose faith me. The doctors say I can remember everything clearly again accept for one thing. That thing is you. My vision of you is still hazy, so they believe. But I know differently. My vision of you is crystal clear. I see you in the forest outside my window, and the painting of a lake that hangs above me. I see you in the messy sheets of my bed, and I see you in the primrose flowers that grow at the edge of windows. All I want is to see you for real, in front of me, with your stunning grey eyes burning into me, making my blood boil, and putting my stomach in ropes. I am coming home. I am coming home. I am coming home, and I hope that I can find my true home in you. Tears well up at the corner of my eyes, but I force them back. I snatch a frame from the corner of the coffee table and tear the picture of fake flowers from it. In its place I put Peeta's letter. Then I set back where it was, and eye it for a while.