was the only night she was available." "A blind date?" she repeated dubiously. "That…doesn't sound like fun at all." He laughed. "Yeah, well, what can I say? I'm a big hit with the ladies over 60 who want to set me up with their granddaughters." She wished him luck and then excused herself, citing a bunch of work she need to do in the back. She didn't call him the next day, and on that Thursday, she sat at her computer, trying to kill time with an underwhelming game of Bejeweled. At around 7 p.m., her phone buzzed with a text notification. She was surprised to see it was a new message from Peeta, since she was sure he was first course deep into that blind date by now. How long do you wait around before you declare yourself stood up? She didn't show? She messaged back. She didn't show! She had to bring her hand up to her mouth to muffle her laughter. Oh god, Peeta. Seriously? I've been sitting here since before six. I think the wait staff feels sorry for me. They gave me free mozzarella sticks. Silver lining, she responded. Where are you? Sae's. In town. She chewed on her bottom lip, contemplating the next move. Want some company? You just want my mozzarella sticks. I can be there in 20. Please. At the restaurant, he stood to greet her, and she noted how nice he looked in a dark blue dress shirt with a striped tie. "I can't believe she didn't show!" she said, taking her seat. "I just keep picturing a girl walking in, seeing me sitting here, and then running back outside, screaming." "I'm sure that's exactly what happened," she laughed. She grabbed the menu from her place setting and mulled over the selection. "It's her loss," she told him, perusing the entrees. "I'll say," he replied, browsing the menu too, though she was sure he had the entire thing memorized by now. "I was going to pay for dinner." "Is that your main selling point?" she asked teasingly. "It's all I got," he grinned. "Sucks that it didn't work out, though. Blind dates are great 'how we met' stories. Something cute to tell the kids." She shrugged. "I think they sound boring." "It's too bad I wasted my best one on you," he joked. "Fire. A damsel in distress. A dashing rescue. That's a telenovela right there." She lowered her menu, peering over the top to glare at him. "You did not rescue me." "You know, I still haven't heard a proper thank you." "Don't hold your breath." They both smiled again, their eyes meeting across the table and lingering for just a little too long. That Saturday, she was enjoying a lazy afternoon off, lounging around in her sweats, when there was a rapid knocking at her door. Both her mother and Prim were out, so she rushed to the entryway, curious at the urgency. "Gale?" she gasped in surprise, He looked terrible, like he hadn't slept all night, and his hair was in disarray, his flannel shirt wrinkled, his face unshaven. "What's wrong?" she asked. "Katniss," he said, rubbing at his bloodshot eyes. "I really messed up." It wasn't until after he confessed what he did that she realized how shocked she was by it. She was hurt, sure. But the shock is what really rattled her. Because she realized that no matter how she may have worried, she never really thought he would actually do anything. He was practically in tears as he paced her living room, and she sat emotionless on the couch, still trying to make sense of what he was saying. "I'd been drinking," he confessed. "I was upset about us." Gale stopped in front of her, stooping to his knees and taking her hands in his. "Sometimes she reminds me of you so damn much." Katniss yanked her hands back, then pushed him away as she stood abruptly from the sofa. "Well, I'm flattered," she said, struggling to hold in the tears. "It's so considerate of you to sleep with someone who reminds you of your girlfriend." "I hate myself for it," he admitted, his voice choked. "That makes two of us then." She was proud of how strong and steady she sounded there, because she refused to break down in front of him right now. She was too angry. "Things haven't been good between us in so long," he said, and her face contorted in disgust. "Are you trying to rationalize what you did?" "NO! But, Jesus, Katniss…do you think I haven't heard about you always running around with Peeta Mellark? You think that hasn't been in my head?" Her mouth twisted, a thousand hateful things on the very tip of her tongue, but he pressed the heels of his palms against his eyes, shaking his head in defeat. "I'm sorry. I'm so fucking sorry. Can we please fix this?" "How would you feel?" she asked. "If I slept with someone else and came to you, how would you feel? Would you want to fix it ?" " Yes ," he vowed, and she rolled her eyes. "I would. I think what we have is worth trying to save." "Easy to say when we're only speaking in hypotheticals." He was growing frustrated with her. "Would it help? To fuck someone else to settle the score? Then do it, Katniss!" "You don't think I would!" she said. "Oh, I think you would right now," he said. "Go right ahead. Go see for yourself how it's just sex and it doesn't have to mean anything when it's with someone else." "I can't talk to you anymore about this. I just…I can't deal with this right now." She went to the door and grabbed her coat from the hanger, turning back to glare at him again. "You have to go." Then she left without another word, heading to only place she could think of in that moment.