the thought of food long forgotten. As we make our way through the woods with nothing but the light from the flashlight Peeta holds guiding us, our free hands find each other in the dark. We walk the rest of the way hand in hand, but without a word. I drop my things as soon as we get back to the tent and plop down on the log in front of the fire. It has gone down considerably since we left, and Peeta is there quickly, picking up the stick he abandoned earlier and adding another log to the orange embers. I can't help but watch him intently as he works to bring the fire back to life. "Are you hungry?" He asks, his eyes focused on the fire in front of us. "Not really." Peeta shifts uncomfortably and turns to me, catching me off guard. His eyes search mine, but I keep glancing down at his lips that are slightly wet where his tongue just traced. "What are we doing, Katniss?" "Sitting in front of the fire," I shrug. I know that's not what he was asking, but how can I possibly give him an answer when I'm not sure myself? "I mean about what just happened. What was that?" "Can we not talk about what it means right now?" I sigh and pinch the bridge of my nose, wondering how our relaxing, private weekend turned into this . "Why not?" There's a slight edge of irritation in Peeta's voice. "Because all I want to do right now is kiss you. Can't we worry about what it means later?" The edge in my voice echoes off the trees and back to me. My own voice sounds different, too. Bolder, honest, with a trace of longing. How long have I wanted this but never allowed myself to think it? Peeta's eyes widen and he swallows hard. He looks like he's about to say something, but all he does is lick his lips and shudders out a nervous breath before he leans in and kisses me again. Warmth fills my body instantly, and for the first time I am able to concentrate on just him. His tongue is soft as it runs across the length of my own, and I question if I've ever felt something so good before. Its not something I gave too much thought, but right now, in this moment, it's all I can think about. He tastes sweet, but there's a hint of something else that I can't figure out, and I'd be lying to myself if I said I didn't want to spend the rest of the weekend trying to figure out what it is. Each pass of his tongue makes me weaker and weaker, and it's getting more and more difficult to fight wanting to touch him. I want to know what his skin feels like underneath his shirt. I want to see if our kisses are doing to him what they are to me. "Katniss," Peeta pants, nuzzling his nose against mine. He presses a light kiss to my lips. "You can touch me if you want." I want to. There's nothing more that I want right now than to touch him. I press my hand against his chest, feeling the hard, fast, beating of his heart against my hand, but I know that's not enough. Slowly, I move my hand down further, feeling his stomach contracting almost violently under my touch. Peeta grabs my hand, stopping me from going further. He looks me in the eye, studying my face. "Only if you're sure," he whispers. "I'm sure," I nod, trying to break free from the grip he has on my wrist. I want to touch him, need to touch him. I don't know where this urge came from, and the sheer power of my compulsion scares me a little. Peeta's lips haven't left mine once, and it's this that gives me the final burst of courage to drop my hand to the front of his jeans. My palm brushes against the unmistakable hardness there, and Peeta hisses when I begin to rub against it. I must have lost my mind. Instead of thinking about what a bad idea this is, the only thing I can think about is what he must feel like without these jeans in the way. I pull away from his mouth, and he groans in protest until my hand finds the button of his jeans. "Wait," Peeta says, placing his hand over mine, stopping me again. I knew this was a bad idea. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have done that," I stammer, the heat of embarrassment creeping up my neck. "No, no, it's fine, Katniss," Peeta stammers quickly, shaking his head wildly. "More than fine. I was just going to say that maybe we should go into the tent first." "Oh." I don't know what else to say. I know I should stop this right here. I should tell him it was a mistake to even go as far as we did, but I won't. That's the last thing I want to do after feeling his arousal and hearing his moans. I want more of that, and no excuse that I try to use to talk myself out of it will remedy that. I stand up, smoothing my hands down the front of my jeans quickly, wiping away dirt that doesn't exist and walk to the tent without a glance back at Peeta. The nervous energy filling the small area is palpable and seems to only get worse at the sound of Peeta zipping the tent closed after he enters. He's on me in a flash, capturing my mouth, his tongue roaming through the dips and curves of my mouth as he pushes me back onto the blanket. I don't know exactly how we got to this point in such a short amount of time, but I'll have to remember to thank Gale the next time I see him.