otherwise, they would have sent more mutts, something to take me out and leave Rue alive. The fact that they were leaving us alone and waiting meant that they expected me to shoot. No one watching Rue and I could delude themselves that Rue had a prayer of stabbing me before I shot her. As if to confirm her own helplessness, Rue dropped the knife suddenly. She said nothing, but the look on her face was clear: she could not do it. I reached over my shoulder, and Rue froze, eyes shut tight and fists clenched. I shut my own eyes for a minute, remembering Peeta, Prim, and the boy I had shot. I looked at Rue again, and slowly lifted the quiver off my shoulders. "Rue, look at me." She did so, slowly. I set the bow and arrow on the ground, and then the quiver. I felt almost as though I was floating, walking on air without anything to breathe. My heart was the only noise in my ears now, and as I raised my hand to snap some berries off the nightlock bush where the mutt lay dead, I took a moment to marvel at my hands. The veins were just visible, the bones fine and delicately attached, yet strong and able to climb a tree or break a branch. My lungs were a marvel too, filling with air, fueling my body, and releasing in a steady rhythm that kept my blood red and my muscles strong. I looked at the dark berries in my hand, and then turned back to Rue. "You're going to win," I said softly. "I know." Rue stared from the berries in my hand to my face, and I knew she understood. There was no fight in her face, and I knew she was leaping at survival. I could not blame her, though I wanted to resent her a little for not even protesting. But I couldn't find it in me to do that, not as I kept looking at her and seeing Prim in her slight form, her beautiful eyes, and her trembling mouth. "Why?" Rue asked at last. The sky had begun to light again, and I wondered bitterly how much they would edit out of our speeches, our last words. My last words. "I don't want to do what they expect," I said softly. "I want to live, yes. I want to live more than anything. But they expect me to kill you. They want me to look at you and kill you and go on to victory. They want to show that the only way that we can win is by destroying each other." My voice was steadier now, and suddenly I no longer felt constricted. I'd had unrest, unease at how I lived in the District, under the shadow of a place that killed children as entertainment and a sign of power. Now I wouldn't need to feel that anymore. "I don't believe that," I went on. "They want a Victor, so they'll get one. They'll get one because of one Tribute helping another. Not because of a Tribute killing another." I looked at the berries in my hand, and raised them slowly. My hands were trembling, and cowardly as it was after my brave words, I lowered them again. Words to delay my end came to me, but at least they were ones I wanted to say. "Rue, I went in here to keep my sister alive. I didn't want to see her here. Then I met you and it was like all that had been in vain. I don't want that to be the case." "I'm not your sister, though." Her voice was choked. I shook my head. "No. But you're still the reason I went into the arena. So I wouldn't see someone like you in this place. If Prim were here, I'd want her out no matter the cost. So I'm going to do the same for you." I felt light-headed now. The strange adrenaline-like rush was coming again. Death was so very close. "Rue? Tell her I'm sorry. And tell her that this is the best way." Before Rue could respond, I shoved the berries into my mouth and bit down hard. They were bitter, with a strangely sweet tang. I let out a breath, and then remembered my pin. "Take this," I hissed, and lifted the flap of my jacket to reveal the mockingjay token. I sank to my knees, and through a swirl of black and color, I saw Rue step towards me. My chest seized up and constricted. Had I made the right choice? I watched Rue take the pin off my coat, and clench her fist as the aircraft swooped down to carry her to her interview, her victory. I saw her clench the pin tight in her fist and saw her eyes harden, turning to brown flame. And in that last instant, I saw her catch my fire, the fire that people had said I burned with when I volunteered for my sister and stepped into the arena. As my eyes closed, I smiled. It was good to know that there would be another girl on fire. Perhaps when she went home, she could spread that flame to others. She would be living proof that the arena could be beaten. That was good to know. Darkness and light mingled, and Rue's face flickered and faded to be replaced by Prim's and my mother's. It was nice to know that the journey was quick. I was finally going home. So this is not quite as in-depth as I would have liked to go into this turn of events (if I had the time, I could re-write the whole series with Rue as the new "girl on fire"), and I know that Katniss using nightlock is not the most original idea in the world, but I felt like writing this after watching the movie again. Thank you for reading!