of her. 'Ah...yes, Katniss dear, here is the papers you will need, a map, and your timetable. Classes start in two weeks so be fully prepared. That means in your first class on time Miss. Everdeen' I nod as she goes on and on about campus rules and when she's finally done pile up all the papers and leave. I walk out the door and end up on the sunny campus grounds. I look around and see people are out with coffees and drinks and talking to one another. I look at my map and start walking. I'm so caught up in trying to find my way on the map that I bang into someone and drop all my things. 'I'm so sorry about that!' a soft voice tells me. I lean down about to get my stuff when the voice stops me. 'No let me.' I take this as a good offer and stand back up straight to see a boy with blonde shaggy hair lean down and collect up all my things, and my suitcase in his arms. He stands back up and I get the first glimpse of his face. I think I'm dreaming! This guy has a perfect nose that is small like a button; I can imagine what his Gran says. His smile is adorable and shows little dimples on the side of his mouth, and his white teeth are on full show. His body is covered by a black v-neck t-shirt that is overlayed by a black leather jacket. He is wearing denim skinny jeans that fit his bum...perfectly. Then there are his eyes... His eyes... They are like deep blue pools of beauty. They are bluer that the darkest ocean, yet lighter than a sunny day. They look so soft yet meaningful. They look like they can read right through you, and you can read them. I see apologetic and an emotion that is unreadable. 'Are you OK, did I hurt you?' he asks concern in his voice. I can't help but smile at his cuteness. 'Yeah...no damage done,' I say nervously. 'Good, do you need some help?' he offers. 'You got quite a lot of stuff here.' I nod. 'If that's OK?' 'Would be my pleasure, Peeta Mellark' he says which makes me blush. I don't blush, what is wrong with me? 'Katniss Everdeen,' I say holding out my hand for him to shake, then I notice that he can't shake my hand because he is carrying all my stuff. We both laugh as I take some of the things he is carrying. 'Thanks for this,' I say to him and he just shakes his head. 'No, it's no problem.' I smile and he smiles back. 'So what room are you?' he asks me. I look down to the map and sheet that informs me where I am staying. 'Block 2, Floor 5, Room 529.' I tell him. He smiles broadly, the dimples keep making reappearances. 'What?' I ask him. 'That's where I am, but I'm in Room 548,' he says. I smile too. We make our way across the campus making quiet conversation. I notice how husky his voice is and I want to get to know him more. I've never felt this way about anyone before. Fuck! I think I like him. I keep getting lost in his eyes when he's talking. 'Katniss?' Damn! There I go again. 'Yeah?' I say like nothing happened. 'You OK?' he asks a slight smile forming on those beautiful, soft lips of his. 'Yeah, why wouldn't I be?' I ask him nonchalantly. He shrugs his shoulders and carries on. He holds the door open for me. I turn and give him a smile and that unreadable emotion comes back in his eyes. 'Thanks,' I say. We get to the lift and I walk in, Peeta behind me, and press floor 5. The doors slide shut and I turn to look at Peeta. He is looking straight forward. I notice how his jaw is in line, and looks impressive. Also, how his skin is slightly tanned. His shoulders are broad and make his chest look even better than it probably is. 'Done checking me out?' he smirks. I look up and see he is staring at me. I look down and blush. 'I wasn't checking you out I was...analysing you?' I say in a high-pitched voice. 'You're lying,' he laughs. I scowl. 'And you know, how?' I ask him and he laughs harder. 'You're voice went high-pitched,' he says easily. I look back to him and see he is staring at me. 'So...doesn't mean anything.' I shrug. He just laughs and walks out the elevator doors that just opened onto the 5th floor. He walks slightly ahead, so that I am behind him. I am getting a great view. His skinny jeans are just the right tightness and they shape perfectly around his- 'Here you go!' he says brightly. I look up and see we have reached my room. He smiles at me and I smile back. 'Thanks again.' He shakes his head. 'My pleasure.' He says with a wink. I blush and take my stuff from his hands. 'I guess I'll see you around then Katniss Everdeen,' Peeta says with a smile. 'I guess you will, Peeta Mellark.' I say back. He smiles and turns and starts to walk down the hall. Then he suddenly turns and I blush when he notices I'm still watching him. 'And you were so checking me out!' he smirks then turns and walks round the corner. 'No I wasn't.' I call down the hall, catching a distant soft laugh from him. But I so was! AN: Hey guys, hope you liked this first chapter. Please red our other story on our other account 'cutiepie2121' the story is called 'letting loose' and we would love to get more reviews and likes on the story. Keep on reading. Hope to update soon, this is just the start. R&R ;) xxx