about anything but him and the way he moves, and the way his shoulders look as he hovers over me. Calm down, Katniss. You're at work. Text from: Peeta Sent: 08/18/2012 Message: I'd like to see you again. And now you're smiling like a child again, Katniss. But I can't help it. That's the one thing I was hoping to hear today and he's said it before noon. I don't need to tell him not to worry about being polite anymore. He knows now without me ever having to say it. We haven't talked about the differences in what we want from this relationship in weeks, and if he did ask what I wanted now, I wouldn't have an answer for him. I can barely focus on my job today. All I can think about is him and the way he makes me feel. I thought you didn't like feeling, Katniss? Text to: Peeta Sent: 08/18/2012 Message: I'd really like that. I hate feeling. This is what happens when I allow myself to feel something more than just what was needed to get me off. I swore I would never travel down this road again. Never let any man make me feel like I can't get through the day without him and here I am, doing it all over again. Text from: Peeta Sent: 08/18/2012 Message: Tonight? Yes. Please. Tonight. Wait… what am I saying? Pull yourself together, Katniss! What are you doing? You've met this guy once and have been talking to him over the internet for a month. How could you possibly know that you can't get through the day without him? Text to: Peeta Sent: 08/18/2012 Message: Yes. When you know, you just know. That's how. Text to: Peeta Sent: 12/20/2012 Message: Thank you for The Peeta Special last night. So The Peeta Special wasn't his dick at all, though he certainly has nothing to be ashamed of there. A stupid username that could be mistaken for something sexual is actually food. Cheese buns that he bakes for his customers. They're apparently his signature and they sell out within an hour every single time he makes them. He brought me a batch when he came over last night – we shared them in bed. Text from: Peeta Sent: 12/20/2012 Message: You're welcome. I'm glad you liked them. He better bring them over every single time he is here. Why did he leave anyway? He has a job, Katniss. What the fuck is wrong with you? I want to ask him if he'll come over again tonight. Curl up on the couch with me and watch Netflix until neither of us can stand it anymore and I finally get to feel him again. Feel him again? You've been watching too many Hallmark movies, Katniss. Text to: Peeta Sent: 12/20/2012 Message: Netflix and Chinese tonight? I shouldn't have asked that. I sound like I'm desperate for his company. I am, but he doesn't have to know that. Why not, though? You've been with him almost every single night for the last 4 months. I'm pretty sure you're in a relationship. It's about time you admit it, Katniss. Text from: Peeta Sent: 12/20/2012 Message: Nothing sounds better :) I wonder if he knows what he does to me. I wonder if he knows that he makes me feel more than one person should ever make me feel, even if I didn't swear off love years ago. Love. That's what this is now, and denying it would make me look like nothing more than a moron. I'm in love with him despite everything I ever said about committed relationships. Text from: Peeta Sent: 03/25/2012 Message: Could you pick up some wine on your way home? I'm making you dinner. Home. Our home. The days of us going back and forth from his apartment to mine ended 3 months ago. It was becoming pointless to pay rent on two places when only one was being occupied at any given time. My lease ran out first and I moved into his apartment. While we waited for his lease to expire we looked at houses. Houses. I bought a house with this man. Text from: Peeta Sent: 07/15/2013 Message: Happy anniversary, baby. Anniversary. Only he would acknowledge the anniversary of the day we started talking on the internet. You're smiling anyway though, aren't you? Like a big dumb kid in the middle of the gym. I better stop; people are going to think he sent me a naked picture. I wish he'd do that again. Text to: Peeta Sent: 07/15/2013 Message: Happy anniversary, cutie. There I go using cliché terms of endearment again. I should have been more creative. Taken a half hour to meticulously type out a message thanking him for succeeding in making me happier than I ever remember being in my adult life. Scolding him for making me look like a liar when I told him I didn't want a serious relationship, and telling him in no uncertain terms that I love him and he is it for me, but I can't. I've never been one for words. I wouldn't even know where to begin. Message from: ThePeetaSpecial Subject: Not Looking for Marriage? Sent: 07/26/2014 Message: We're getting married today. I'm sitting here in my tux, typing you this message before I head to the venue. I can't wait to see you. I know you'll be a beautiful bride. I just wanted to let you know that I meant what I said that night two years ago. I would have told my buddies that night that I was going to marry you. As soon as I saw you I knew you were the one. I'm glad you stuck around. It may have taken us longer than most people to find each other, but I'm glad we did and I don't regret waiting until my perfect match came along. It's you, me, and Bonsai for the long haul. I love you. -Peeta