into the woods. We walked for a long time, Genevieve. And when I got back to the house, Opal wasn't with me. She'd gotten bitten by a really poisonous snake, and died out there within the hour. It was too far to get help. I could've helped her, saved Opal. But I was too scared to go back alone. That won't happen with Castor, believe me. He's too amazing to go through that. And I can't go through that again. No, not happening. But please take care of Mom and Pollux. Pollux will try to tell you he's fine, we all know it. But please console him or be there for him? Please? And Mom, she'll be upset. That'll be three of her five children dead...so she thinks. Really only two, Castor will come back. But she won't know that, and don't tell her until I'm gone. Kaz said she'll try to help the best she can. She told me if I ever got picked, then you could take over my job at the apothecary for a bit more pay. Please just go and do that. It's simple, just going into the forest, not getting killed by animals(That's what the knife is for), and getting the herbs for the apothecary. Hey, someone needed to do it. Somehow I always end up taking care of Castor and Pollux, don't I? Like last week when Castor convinced Pollux to sneak into the Hob? Yeah, that wasn't the greatest idea because I had to go and help them. And man that place gives me the creeps. I don't know about the district I'll be representing, but hopefully something useful like District Seven. Anything but One, please! I may be representing another district, but I'll always remember District Twelve. It's still the best district to me. It's home. I'll never forget about anyone there, just...don't forget about me, okay? Don't forget I died with honor. The Careers think you give your family honor by killing kids and winning. But I see it as, I think you'll be more honored of me if I saved my younger brother. You wouldn't like it if I let all those kids die. Because I've lived eighteen years of my life, most of them haven't. ~Violet Marletta A door opening brings me out of my reverie, and causes me to jump from the chair. I drop the pen with surprise, not expecting to see someone in the room. That person closes the door with force, and steps over towards me. His dirty blond hair is up in a messy yet controlled way. His ice blue eyes study my face, trying to see if I'm weak or not. And then I realize who this is. I pinch the spot on the bridge of my nose, shaking my head. My hand drops as my face gets red. "You have got to be kidding me," I groan, rolling my eyes. That was Cato Hadley, the winner of the Seventy-Fourth Annual Hunger Games, and the killer of my hope. That means I'll be representing District Two?! "I'm not too excited myself, trust me," Cato snaps, rolling his eyes at my reaction. He probably thought I should be grateful, right? Well, it's not happening. I can't believe I'll have to spend a week in District Two, the place where they train teens to become ruthless killers. "I mean, that boy is bloodbath," He grumbles. My face flashes as I realize he's saying my brother will die the first day. He, however, stays a bit more calm and grabs my letter. I go to protest when he begins reading it. My face grows even more red-if possible-as he begins laughing. He's laughing at my goodbyes? Who could even find the sense in doing that?! What does he find so amusing in that letter? "Giving up already? I should've known, you're from District Twelve," He states, raising an eyebrow. "I am not giving up! District Twelve never gives up!" I yell, shaking my head. He seems to find this amusing as that arrogant smirk never leaves his face. "Then why do you say Castor will win? That you'll 'die with honor'?" He asks, smirk widening. "I can't be the one to kill my brother. I'll...save him. One of us will win," I snap, almost trying to reassure myself in the process. "You won't be thinking that in the arena. You'll just be thinking of how to save yourself. I've seen it happen many times," Cato replies calmly, stepping towards the door. And as he leaves, I scream a few words. "Oh yeah?! Well I'll prove you wrong! I will!" I scream tears in my eyes as he shuts the door with another bang. I slip against the wall in the corner and pull my knees to my chest. I wrap my arms around my knees and rest my head on them. The tears finally come as it all sinks in. I'm going to die within the next few weeks. I'll never see any of my siblings grow up. I'll never help them through another problem, and I'll die. I'll die in a brutal way, no doubt at the hands of a Career. And technically I'll be representing a Career District. I'll be forced to train like them for a week, get a feel for being a Career. Dying isn't what scares me anymore, as I thinking about everything. The tears come out with loud sobs as I think about what truly scares me more than anything else. I'm going to change soon, and I can do nothing to stop it. So, thank you so much for reading this! This chapter is much longer than the first chapter I had up here. I mean, a lot longer. Hopefully it turned out better and I'd love to hear if I did a good edit. I love reviews, they help me write much better and more frequently. So again, thanks for reading and I'd love to hear from you!