unborn child and walk out of the bathroom, feeling happier than I've ever felt being stuck in this underground hell-hole. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx When dinner rolls around. I am about to sit on one of the open benches next to Gale when suddenly, the Capitol Logo flashes on the television position in the middle of the lunch room for all to see. I look up at it intrigued and freeze in place when I see an intact Peeta sitting across Caesar Flickerman. My eyes widen and I move closer to the screen just to make sure that I'm not dreaming. Peeta speaks about what our experiences were like during the Quarter Quell and how we managed to survive. When Caesar tries to convince Peeta that I was the one who shot the arrow that ultimately destroyed the arena because I was rebelling Peeta loses the calmness in his voice and fervently defends me. There he was, being subjected to a stupid interview, most likely pressured by Snow and he was defending me. Just as he's always done. I place one hand on my flat stomach and the other on my lips, "You're alive." I whisper. My once dim glow of hope becomes a a fire of determination. He's alive and there's still a chance for me to get him back. I stand mesmerized as I listen to him until he urges the districts to lay their weapons down and the masses in the lunchroom jeer and boo him, calling him a traitor. I can't hear all the negativity because I know it's not something he is saying freely. This is Snow's agenda and he is using someone who was once the most beloved Victor to deliver his message and I'm disgusted. Xxxxxxxxxxxx It's night again and I'm sleeping when suddenly I wake up screaming and looking around wildly. The door open and in runs a worried Peeta. "I'm sorry, it's just a nightmare," I explain as I try to calm myself. "It's okay, I get em' too." Peeta replies, "Well, good night." He begins to walk away. "Peeta?" I call and he stops to look back at me. "Yeah?" he asks. "Will you stay with me?" I ask sounding like a frightened little girl. "Yeah," he complies climbing into my bed and wrapping his arms around me. His thumb runs up and down my shoulder, "Always." he whispers. I wake up from my dream and look around the room hoping not to have woken up my mother and sister. Prim looks back at me, "Hey, can't sleep?" I shake my head and she unwraps herself from the covers she shares with our mother only to climb into my bed and lie down facing me. "Tell me what's happening. I can keep secrets, even from mom." I smile, "No one hates the Capitol more than me. And I want to help. But I just keep thinking even if we win this war, what happens to Peeta? I know he's not safe there but he's definitely not safe here." "I don't think you know how important you are to them. If you want something, you just have to ask. You could demand almost anything, and they'd have to agree with it." whispers Prim. I hadn't thought of that, "I should wake you more often, little duck." I whisper back pushing Prim's hair behind her ear. "Now get some sleep." Prim encourages. I nod and doze off easily knowing what my next move will be. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Next morning, I wake up and write down all my demands on a piece of paper. I wrap it up in my pocket and walk purposefully to Coin's office. Coin and Plutarch look up at me expecting for me to say something. "I've decided I'll be your Mockingjay. But I have some conditions," I announce bringing my piece of paper out, uncrumpling it. "Peeta and the other Tributes, Johanna Mason and Annie Cresta, will be rescued at the earliest opportunity. If and when Peeta is liberated, he will be granted a full and unconditional pardon. No punishment will be inflicted. And the same goes for the other tributes." I look at Coin expectantly, "No," she says and goes back to reading her documents. "It's not their fault you abandoned them in the arena. They're doing and saying whatever they can to survive," I try to reason. "Individuals don't make demands in Thirteen. There will be a tribunal and a fair judgement. Thank you," Coin dismisses me. My nose flares and my eyes flash angrily at her. She can't dismiss me now. I won't allow it. My child needs its father and I will not give up until I can have him rescued. I leaned forward and put all my weight on my arms supporting me. "The Victors will be granted immunity. And you will announce that in front of the entire population of Thirteen. You will hold yourself and your government responsible or you will find another Mockingjay." Coin stares at somewhat startled when Plutarch decides to speak and points at me. "That's it, that's her. Right there. Isn't that who I promised you? She wears the costume, gunfire in the background, a hint of smoke. Our Mockingjay. Madame President we're losing ground because the people are losing heart. This is worth the risk. She's worth the risk. Pardons, tribunals. Power of the people. It can all be the new bedrock for the new Panem, but, in wartime I think even the noblest of causes can be bent a little bit, right?" I look at Coin my resolve unwavering. "Do you have any other conditions?" she asks. I look down at my piece of paper. "My sister gets to keep her cat." I answer. Coin nods approvingly and I walk out of the office feeling triumphant, "Don't worry Little Bean. I'm getting your father back. Just be patient with me," I whisper to my child as I run my hand against my stomach and walk back to my barracks.