out my hands, gesturing for her to do the same, she did and I clasped her hands in mine and lifted her to face me. I pushed her hair behind one of her ears, our gaze unbroken, I dipped my head down closely to her ear and gently spoke, "Dance with me, Katniss Everdeen," she opened her mouth to speak but I kept her silent by pressing my lips to hers and then carefully released, "Peeta…I-I," I stopped her once more "Okay." She had given in and I held my hands on her lower back as she held hers around my neck and tangled her fingers into the base of my hair, I felt myself being reeled into to her. Our lips were like opposite pols of a magnet, unable to separate. She pulled me to her harder, deepening our kiss. This is what it felt like to be wanted, Katniss Everdeen wanted me. She broke apart from me and I could sense my expression becoming puppy dog like. "Peeta...I think, I think I love you…" She said locking our sights together. I saw her eyes dim and she began to slump in my arms. I heard a loud chink, like metal hitting something, before I knew it Katniss's weight was held up by my arms, looking at me with tears streaming, she sunk to the floor still in my arms. "Katniss! Katniss! What…Katniss? I don't-" I lost speech ability and my eyes shot to her side where her hand was grasping something black. It was a knife handle sticking out from above her hip. My eyes shot upward, the tribute from 3 stood confidently smiling down at me. "Oh no, lover boy. Something happen to the girl on fire? You do know that this is a battle, right? Not a strip club." He sniggered to himself. Katniss's torso was now dripping with blood and she let out a heart wrenching cry. This made him cackle further, a he skimmed his knife across the floor behind him. "Let's do this the old fashion way, shall we?" he hissed and cracked his knuckles. He wanted to fight. Katniss whimpered in sheer agony and this made my blood boil and I hurtled towards him taking him off his feet onto a rock, his hands crushing my neck now, I pelted him with force driven punches and my palm was shoved in his face trying to push him off me. I was losing air fast and the pressure was making my eyes budge. I fumbled my hand across the floor, his knife had to be here somewhere, he kneed me in the chest and I felt my ribs concave slightly. Unexpectedly I felt something col, I grabbed it and a pain shot through my palm and fingers, I must have gripped the knife blade, I shuffle it in my hand until I clutch the handle. I lost control of my mind as Katniss let out another shriek and plunged the knife into his neck, the clamp of his hands around my throat loosened and his body flopped. Katniss. The canon roared signalling his death as I sprinted to Katniss, blood was everywhere, I couldn't tell how much was hers, his or mine. I tried to see my shirt to attempt to stop the bleeding but the odds were not in our favour. I used my hands and overlapped them around the knife. "Katniss stay with me. Katniss, come on, look at me!" I screech, her eyes slowly look in my direction as she blinked painfully and tears rolled down her cheeks. "Hey, Hey. It's okay, it's okay. Stay with me. You've got to stay awake! We're getting out of here, together remember? We've got our whole life ahead of us. Together," I panted struggling to be reassuring through my panic. Her mouth opened to speak, "Don't try to speak, just keep looking at me, okay, we're going to be fine." "I-I-I love you, Pee-Peeta." She choked, I couldn't hold back the tears pricking my eyes. "I love you too. More than anything, more than everything, so just stay with me, okay? Please." The howl of a beast made my neck snap around as screams engulfed the arena, the canon sounded. I jerked back down to Katniss, she was still blinking, it wasn't her canon. "We won. Katniss, we're going home! We're going home, together. We're going home now!" I could hear the buzz overhead of hovercraft; I had to get us out of the cave or it wouldn't be able to pick us up. "Katniss we have to get out of here," I put my arm under her knees and the other under her wilting arms, I lifted her as she whimpered in distress, this was the only way to save her. I had to keep going. "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I have to, I'm sorry." I wheezed. "I'm fi-ne," she strained, she wasn't. I got to the opening of the cave and stood on a rock and eased up the incline until we were exposed to the arena, the hovercraft was still above. Katniss still in my arms as the beam came down with the ladder. I supported her legs with my knee as I linked my arm with the ladder and then picked them back up and mounted my feet on the bottom bar. The beam froze us in place reliving our combined weight. "We're fine, Katniss, we're going home. Together. I love you, I love you so much. Don't you dare shut those beautiful eyes, don't leave me." I sternly whispered as tears flooded my eyes. "Katniss! Katniss!" my heart plunged as her eyes closed. "Katniss!" I cried as someone detached her from me. I fought as hard as I could to keep the people in white from preventing me from chasing whoever took Katniss out of my arms. I squirmed aggressively, "Katniss!" something pricked the skin in my arm. "Katni-" my vision clouded as my legs gave way.