me to see a line of my soldiers lined up in front of me on their knees. Some have fear in their eyes staring at me, hoping I can get them out of this. The others stare ahead, their eyes cold and dead, accepting what is coming to them. I know that I should try to think of a way out of this or at least give them some sort of hope. But I can't and I don't. I just stare back at them blankly, feeling hollow inside and out. The men previously staring at me look down, their hope dashed. Some start to cry. I don't feel bad or sad. I don't feel shit. "Okay get some gun men behind these men. I want Hawthorne to see their facial expressions as they die," he laughs evilly. I watch as some gunmen get behind each soldier and point their guns at their victim's head. I make sure to look at each and every one of them. I don't turn away, I don't look past them. I look at them. They deserve to have their faces remembered. I deserve to remember their faces. They will be there every night in my dreams, along with all of the others. "Ready Hawthorne?" The thin Reaper asks as he steps close enough to me that I can see most of his body. I try again to get out of my restrainer's grasp. I almost succeed, I get halfway off of my knees and I see my taunter jump back in fright when another body grabs me and brings me back down. His added weight will keep me on my knees for good, but the reaction from the thin Reaper is enough to make me satisfied. I give him a smirk and spit on his shoes. "You filthy little fuck," he hisses as he lifts his foot to kick me in the face. It doesn't quite make it because a sound from the other side of the cabin causes him to stop. I hear him release the safety on his gun as him and a few others run to see what the noise was. As much as I'm wishing it's the other unit, I know it's not. They would have been much louder. "Hey! It looks like we have more prisoners! Are these ones that escaped into the woods?" I hear the snake Reaper say. A new, deeper voice answers creepily. "Yes they are. We didn't get many, but you're going to love the one we caught. It's a rare bird indeed." "Oh, is it? I do love rare things, we already have one rare breed, but I wouldn't exactly call him a bird. More like a mangy mutt." I hear the sound of their boots as they approach. The snaky Reaper uses his boot to pull my head back and I finally see his face up close. Everything about this man is oily. His skin, his thin inky hair, and his voice. I want to clean myself just by looking at him. The man next to him is a monster of a man. His skin is dark as are his eyes and his muscles are huge. His deep voice matches his physique. "Well shit! Is that Gale Hawthorne?" "The one and only," I try to sneer, but end up rasping. The words were a struggle to get out of my throat with my head practically on top of my back. "You definitely won this round, Bo. But I think you'll still like what I brought as a topping," the darker Reaper gestures towards his new captors with an evil smirk on his face. I watch each man file by, finding no one of significance, but then I see what the Reaper was talking about. My eyes widen in shock and I feel my heart beat faster. Alarms in my head start to go off as I look to the two, who I assume are the head of the Reapers at this camp, to watch their reactions. The greasy one's eyes light up in delight and he licks his lips at the sight of his special gift. This makes the other one smile, pleased with himself. "Rare right?" Bo, I think I remember correctly, replies with a husky voice, "Oh yes. A rare bird indeed, a pretty rare bird." He finishes with a chuckle before slithering over to the object of his attention. I watch him approach the petite figure at the end of the line. It's a woman with her hands being held behind her back by another Reaper. She is short and thin with short blonde hair. I can't see her very well from my position, but I don't recognize this girl. Actually, I wouldn't recognize any girl that would appear in our midst. The thing was, in our unit, there were no females. Our unit was an all male unit. Author's Note : Gasp! Who can it be? I bet you know who it is, but maybe I am trying to trick you! Guess you'll have to wait until the next chapter. I also wanted to say that I would love a beta! I was looking for some betas through the beta link, but everyone I found didn't seem to fit the story. I need someone who is a grammar nazi (like myself), who knows the characters, likes Gadge, and doesn't mind reading some smut. If you aren't interested in beta-ing, but just want to chat about pairings (no yaoi or yuri, sorry!), books, story ideas, and such, then please still contact me. I'd love to talk to people who are part of the fanfiction community so we feed off of each other! Not literally feed off of each other though. We are not cannibals or zombies, that would be weird. But yes! Please leave a review! I take any criticism or feedback, good or bad. Believe me, with my acting experiences, I've learned to suck it up. Thanks! Read and review!