she could produce. Soon, she had control of storms right down to where each bolt of lightning would hit. She willed it to hit the ground, trees, and even the center of the lake. Fires could be started from the strikes and earthquakes, floods, and tornadoes came next. She washed out small areas and flattened others - the severity of each act all controlled by Katniss. This is why the Capitol wanted her dead. This is why Uprisers were taboo. They could alter the world as they knew it and show no mercy if that was their choice. They could send a flood to the Capitol, a tornado that'd flatten buildings for miles, or a ground swallowing earthquake right under President Snow's mansion. She worked for weeks to gain control of her powers, readying herself for the day she would have to leave the safety of the hidden grove and face her destiny. But nothing could have prepared her for the warm afternoon when the screams of Mockingjay Hunters boomed through the forest. Their knives and swords slashed through the overgrowth, tearing down every twig, vine, and leaf that protected the grove from harm. Katniss ran toward the cabin, screaming for Prim and her mother to stay inside, but it was too late. They'd already come running out and were hugging Katniss with unyielding strength and forcing her to turn around and face the mob. As she turned and saw the same dark, faceless masks closing in on them, she summoned a powerful gust of wind that knocked many of them off their feet and stopped the rest in their tracks, dividing the two groups on each side. "I have a message from the president," a familiar, guttural voice yelled. The same voice she heard all those years ago as she hid in the log. "Your days of hiding are over! The war has begun." Another laughed. "That's quite an army you have!" As the rest joined in laughing and began to move in closer, a bolt of lightning struck behind them, splitting a nearby tree in half and stopping them again. "You can come with us willingly or we can take you by force!" Another called. "If the war has just begun, why would I come with you?" Katniss shouted back. The ground began to shake underneath the hunters, knocking a few off balance once again. And just as the ground began to settle, Gale and Peeta ran into the grove, stopping right between the two groups facing one another. Gale joined Katniss, Prim, and their mother immediately. He had a bow in his hands and a quiver of arrows slung over his back - he was ready to fight. Peeta remained standing between the two groups, his back turned to the hunters and his eyes focused on Katniss. Anger flared inside her chest and without thinking, she sent another forceful gust of wind toward Peeta, knocking him down. He jumped to his feet quickly, smiling from ear to ear. "That's you," he said to her proudly. "You did that." As soon as the words were out of Peeta's mouth, Katniss remembered the first time he said it to her. She remembered everything. Their walks, their naps, teaching him to fish in the lake. Memories flooded her mind. Their first kiss, the first time she felt his fingers slip between her legs, the first time he was inside of her. As she stared at Peeta, suddenly noticing a large bruise under his eye and across his cheek, the strangest thing happened - she seemed to be seeing straight into Peeta's own memories. Things flashed by quickly. She could even hear people speaking. A woman, who Katniss could only assume was Peeta's mother, screamed at him over his refusal to support his family's agreement born from bribery to hunt and kill the Mockingjay. The pictures rushed forward and the same woman was slapping Peeta, beating him into a corner and telling him that he was getting what he deserved. And then Katniss is shown another flash of pictures. Peeta leaving his room in a hurry, leaving all of his drawings out on his bed. Beautiful and near exact replicas of the very space in the forest where they now all stood. Drawings of Katniss peeking out of the overgrowth. The final pictures darted through her mind. Peeta running through the district, running through the Seam and telling Gale that she'd been found. The two of them tearing off together toward the woods. And suddenly, as Katniss's vision focused back to the scene in front of her, the world turned blue. Peeta was telling the truth. He refused anything that had to do with hunting her. He took beatings for it, just to protect her. With a simple nod of her head, she conveyed to Peeta that it was ok, allowing him to step out of the middle of the face off and over to the side he'd chosen from the beginning. He joined the small line with Katniss, Prim, their mother, and Gale. She sucked in a deep breath, pulled up every ounce of anger she could muster and on the exhale, the ground beneath them began to shake again. Weakly on their side, but so violently on the other that the ground below the hunters began to crack, opening up a deep, wide crevice that swallowed the entire group before they could find the speed in their legs to flee. They all stood in line, staring at the deep rift in the ground that Katniss created. She knew their fight was just beginning, and it would not be easy, but she felt at ease as Peeta slipped his hand into Katniss's, lacing their fingers together. And somehow, despite what had just happened, Katniss managed to find it in herself to turn the world yellow again. With a deep, shaky breath, she stood tall, her eyes trained forward and forcing a strong tone as she spoke. "The war has begun."