I saw you and I just couldn't do it." Her voice hitched. "I'm sorry." He was caught off guard when Katniss jumped back on the bed and grabbed the sides of his face, pressing her lips to his tenderly. "I want us to get better," Katniss murmured against his lips. "Me too." "And you know we can't do that together." "I know." "So we agree that this has to happen?" Katniss asked. She pulled away and looked at Peeta in the eyes. The expression on her face didn't match what she was saying at all, and Peeta was afraid that if he let himself say any more than what he had to, she would notice the same about him. "This has to happen," Peeta agreed with a nod. With a heavy sigh, Katniss slid off the bed and slipped into her shoes. "I guess I'll see you around, then." "See you around," Peeta echoed, not moving. He knew this day would come eventually and it had to be quick. No tearful goodbyes, no hugs, and definitely not one last romp to say goodbye. Any of that would make it ten times harder to let her go. With one last wave as she turned to close the door behind her, Katniss left the room. XXXX The day after Katniss left, Peeta told Thom everything. To say Thom was disappointed that Peeta didn't tell him and carried on like everything was fine for so long was an understatement. Luckily for Peeta, Thom was a forgiving man and agreed to help Peeta work through everything that happened and continued to sponsor him. Once he made sure that Peeta realized that he would be starting from the bottom again, they were square and easily found their old camaraderie. But starting at the bottom again was harder than Peeta thought it would be. It took him two months to go a full week without sex, and another three to remember how to fight against thoughts of stopping into a bar to see who he could find, scouring the web for a quick hook up, or even driving around to find a prostitute. Every time he had trouble, he found himself hoping that Katniss was having better luck. Eventually, things began to get better and Peeta was on the path to recovery once more. It took another two years, but after many meetings, late night phone calls with Thom, and working through the steps, Peeta felt better than he had in years. He had even started dating. Many dates went horribly awry, but a few stuck around after his long confessions of being a recovering sex addict and he was able to enjoy the company of a woman without the overpowering compulsion taking over. Things were finally on the right track. As Peeta wiped down the counters in his brand new bakery, the sound of someone ringing the bell at the front register brought him out to check who was there. He was surprised to see who was standing in front of him. "Katniss," Peeta muttered. "What are you doing here?" "Hi, Peeta," Katniss said, smiling at him tenderly. "Do you have a few minutes to talk?" Peeta led her to an area at the side of the bakery full of tables. They sat across from each other, an uncomfortable silence filling the space instantly. "I see you got your bakery," Katniss started. "It looks great. And so do you." "Thank you," Peeta said. "You look great too. How have you been?" "Good," Katniss said. "The best I've been in years, actually. That's why I'm here. I had to see you." "Oh?" "I never quite got around to apologizing to you," Katniss explained. "You were doing so well with your recovery and I screwed it up for you, and I'm sorry for that." "It wasn't your fault, Katniss," Peeta assured her. "There was nothing that we did that I didn't want to do. I came to find out over the last few years that I may not have been as ready for recovery as I was telling myself then, and I should apologize to you for that. For letting you believe that I could actually be your sponsor, but really having no intentions to be one." "We both made a lot of mistakes." "We did." "I also wanted you to know that I was never with anyone else during that time I was with you," Katniss confessed. "I wasn't, either." Katniss smiled. "I spent so much time early in my recovery focusing on all of the bad things, that I didn't really take the time to appreciate those small victories," she said. "I was faithful for the first time in my life and didn't even realize it, and for that I wanted to thank you." "For what?" "I don't know. Unwittingly helping me see that I could do it? You're good at that." She smiled. "Every time I thought I couldn't do it, couldn't be faithful, I remembered that I had done it before and that it is possible." "I'm glad you found peace with that," Peeta said. "I've found peace with a lot of things over the last few years," Katniss said. "You were my final hurdle." As she stood up from her seat, she took Peeta's hand. "Thank you for letting me see you today. I won't waste any more of your time. Good luck with your bakery." "Thank you," Peeta murmured. "Goodbye, Peeta." "Goodbye, Katniss." Peeta watched her walk out the door and up the street, but seeing her figure get smaller and smaller until it eventually disappeared altogether did nothing to stop all of the questions in his mind. Was she still living in Virginia or had she come back? What was she up to? Was she seeing anyone? As he got up from his chair and resumed working, he had one final question cross his mind that would haunt him for months - Am I ever going to see her again?