his beautiful eyes gravitate towards mine and he awards me with one of those certain oh-so-charming grins he allows for me, and only me. It's always different from the others he gives to everyone else. This one is special, more meaningful, more…personal. Filled with an undying love and what seems to be relief, like he finally gets to see me, he finally gets to be with me as if it's been ages. I love it. Gracing him with one of my own rare smiles I stand rooted to the spot as he makes his way towards me, arms already open. "How are my two girls?" If possible my beam grows brighter. Sometimes I wish he didn't have this affect on me and others I can't help but bask in it because I know it's the same for him and we're both hopeless when it comes to us. "Good. You?" From the corner of my eye I catch Beetee shifting uncomfortably between his feet, before mumbling something about "giving us space" and scurrying out of the room. Gale pulls me against him the second I'm within reach, arms looping around my waist, hands going to rest dangerously close to my backside, not that I mind. "Better than ever," my boyfriend mumbles half-heartedly, capturing my lips with his. On instinct I wrap my arms around his neck, careful not to let the bow bump him as I tangle one hand through his unruly hair, tugging at the ends. Our kiss is slow but with all the more passion. Both of us wanting to savior the rare moment where we're alone. Gale's been working nonstop since we got here. We barely have any time for each other except when he gets back to our room at the end of the day and by then we're both exhausted. For completely different reasons of course, but we're tired nonetheless. I can't help but let out a small squeak in surprise when he suddenly grabs my ass, giving it a firm squeeze. The smirk forming on his face is undeniable. The kiss steadily comes to an end with Gale murmuring a soft 'I love you' and leaning his forehead on mine. "Now," he breathes after a second. "Tell me why you have a bow in your hand." Damn him. "I-" Attempting to come up with a plausible lie to no prevail I say, "Beetee made this for me and I wanted to try it out. You have no right to give me a lecture about the, and I quote, "risks"." Sighing, Gale sets the weapon down on the nearest table before tugging me close once more, his breath lightly tickling my skin as he plants a small kiss on the hallow part behind my ear. "You wouldn't listen anyway." "Damn straight." I lean in for another kiss but a small beeping sound forces Gale to look down at the communicuff on his wrist with a frown. "What?" He shakes his head in confusion. "I thought I had a break but they want me down in the war room." It beeps again. "With you?" "Me? Why would they want me?" He shrugs. "Dunno. Maybe just an update on the rebellion. Come on." Taking my hand I allow him to lead me away. The war room wasn't as large as I had imagined it but it wasn't small either. A long pitch-black table with papers and maps spread across the surface takes up a large portion while in the front there's a monitor about the size of the wall. Everything else is grey...of course. A few people file in after us, mostly guards, other than that Plutarch, President Coin, and Beetee occupy the remaining space. "Katniss." Coin gives a strained smile. "I'm so glad you could join us." "Right," I reply, my tone flat. While the woman has welcomed us in I still have my suspicions. There's just something about her that is…off. Needless to say I've been a little more hostile towards her than normal which I know for a fact she sees. Gale doesn't completely understand it but he doesn't fully trust anyone in here anyway so we haven't butt heads on the subject much. Personally, I think he finds it amusing watching my attitude of being particularly difficult towards her then Coin attempting to deal with it while being civil. Which the known fact remains-you can't. "General Hawthorne." He gives her a brief nod of acknowledgement. I still can't help but find the name weird. General . I'm not yet used to the fact that Gale was promoted to that high of a position. I'm not fully aware of what he does exactly and I don't think he is either. Most of the time he trains incoming soldiers but is still permitted to all the war meetings. I'm guessing his input during that time is valued (he's not one to keep silent when it comes to the rebellion) and that's why they keep him as close as they do. Which is no surprise. I have no doubt he could plan an attack within the hour, on short notice, and it would work out flawlessly. President Coin gestures towards the door and a second later its sealed shut. "Let's get down to business shall we?" "Yes." Beetee adjusts his glasses, shifting in his seat. "Lets. Why have you brought us here, Plutarch?" The former Gamemaker straightens up, clearing his throat. "Well, we have a bit of a…complication…concerning the, um-" "What he means to say," President Coin cuts in, obviously impatient. "Is that a new problem has arisen within the Districts. We didn't think this would happen but it did." In that moment she turns to me, looking me dead in the eye with all traces of anything but absolute business completely gone. She gives nothing away. Hiding everything so well even I'm impressed. That is, until she speaks. "To put it bluntly-the rebellion is dying." If there are any mistakes feel free to point them out!