round of applause to our newest tribute!" No one but the pink-haired broad claps. Everyone else stands silently; raising their three fingers to their lips, and holds it out to Katniss. I stand by frozen, unwilling to repeat the motion. It's a silent gesture for the dead, or in her case, someone who will be soon enough. It's something people do in honor of another, but I can only see how they have already written her off. "Look at her. Look at this one!" Haymitch bursts out, breaking the quiet reverence to remind us he's the reason she's doomed. He stumbles across the stage and nearly falls on top of her, as he throws his arm around Katniss' shoulders. She makes a disgusted face, but holds it together much better than Effie. "I like her! Lots of… Spunk!" I swear I can see the spit fly from his mouth. "More than you!" he shouts at us, and then to the cameras, "More than you!" The drunken ramblings are cut gratefully short as he tips forward, tumbling from the stage. Now really isn't the time, but a few people let at a laugh. We're already a joke of a district, what does it matter anymore? The peacekeepers on the other hand, are a little more shocked. They move quickly, scrapping an unconscious Haymitch from the ground, and plop him onto a stretcher. Within minutes he's taken away, and so is the only entertainment factor district 12 has. "What an exciting day!" Effie says, calling everyone's attention back to the fact we're only half done. "But more excitement to come! It's time to choose our boy tribute!" I catch myself wondering what it would be like; if by some sick joke Gale's name was drawn. The little charade of strength Katniss has going on would be completely shattered. I don't want that to happen though- I just want her to get out of there alive, even if it means killing some boy from our district. If Gale were in that position, would he give himself up for her? I doubt the Capitol would allow him to do that, or maybe they would for the viewers' enjoyment- but that would mean forfeiting your life. That doesn't seem likely- things change in the arena. Those two have families to take care of, so maybe he would fight her off. If it were me, I don't know what I would do. I couldn't kill her, but I'm not prepared to die yet. At least I could take comfort in the fact that I only have five slips with my name on them. I'm more nervous about if Alek, with his seven, or Eban, with twenty, were pitted in the ring against her. Those two would be toast right away. Alek can just beat me in wrestling, but that's because of his height. He doesn't know how to cook, or hunt, or do anything really besides wrestle. But if that happens how could I watch the people I know being involved in something like that? "Peeta Mellark." I look around, wondering if I did hear my name called. It couldn't be…It just can't… When I see their faces, it's hard to escape the truth. Horror. Pity. Sadness. That's when I feel that thing again. Yes, I'm scared out of my mind. I really don't want to die- but that wasn't what I meant. I feel like I'm floating as I climb the stairs, and take my place next to Katniss Everdeen. For so many years I wished I could say something to her, but what could I say now? " Hope you don't die?" I'm sure that would go over real well. She'd probably think I'm trying to provoke her. " Don't kill me?" Everyone's fighting for their own lives, so why would mine be spared? If she's going to get herself killed for Prim, what's stopping her from killing others for the girl as well? It's best if I just give up… So as I stand there, I try to remain as collected as much as I'm able. Though I'm sure I look positively frightened compared to the girl on my left. " Now ," Effie laughs to herself, "if any boy or girl would like to volunteer as tribute, please step forward." I think she half expects someone to step forward with the rate this year is going, but I know no one will. Most people have a hard enough time trying to stay alive here, where it's supposedly safe. What Katniss did for Primrose was incredible- most siblings bid each other farewell with tears, not resistance. I know that even if Joey were young enough, he wouldn't, and despite the fact Alek can, he won't. "Very well," she continues, sounding slightly disappointed. "Mayor Undersee, if you would…" The mayor takes his turn, and recites the Treaty of Treason- if I wasn't going to die, I'd probably be like Eban - standing in the audience, mouthing the words that we unconsciously memorize year after year. But when I find him in the crowd, his mouth is silent, eyes cast downwards. "Now will the tributes shake hands?" he says to us. The words have no life, no hope to them. Katniss turns to me holding her hand out. Without thinking I grab it. It may be a customary thing, but I'm holding her hand ! It's the most notable interaction I've had with her these last eleven years that I don't care that she's technically being forced into it. Her hand feels so small and cold and really kind of delicate. In mine, it almost feels like a child's… well, given that child had callused fingers… Fingers that have killed countless living things… Oh god… Let it be known to all of Panem- I'm a goner. (Thanks for reading! Anyway, I'm not sure if I should continue, so if you like it or think i should write the next chapter, please message me. Thanks again)