death sentence. "Coming!" I shout back, running down the stairs and again, everyone was waiting for me. They all looked good, all dolled up for a funeral. Let's face it, two tributes are taken from our District and we all know that only one is coming back. As we head out to the Justice Building where every Reaping takes place, we silently interlace our hands together. We're never going to be okay. As we reach the sign in desks, it was time for us to split. We didn't say our goodbyes because we were sure that we would see each other again, it was was tattooed into our heads. Finnick and Annie headed towards the stage as they were mentors this year. I might not see them in a while but at least I knew they were coming back this time. I wouldn't have to go through that again. The finger prick was nothing to me but I saw Zoë flinch as they drew blood. She hated blood and it was impossible for her to watch the Games each year but it was compulsary of every citizen. I gave her hand a quick squeeze indicating that I had to head to the seventeen year old section while she turned to the thirteen year olds. She was liked and had many friends while I only had a few but I managed to get by. A lady with platinum blonde curls and impossibly tanned skin, stumbled out on the stage, in eight inch heels a bright neon pink colour. Gosh, she was so pink, I was finding it hard to look at her, with eyelashes as long as my pinky finger. She is, what I would've called, Barbie. Her tin foil dress, in a matching pink, crinkled horribly and all eyes snapped to the front as she tottered forward. She was one of those people who caked on make-up, drawing attention to herself wherever she went. She could possibly be pretty under all that fakeness but being Capitol, she fit right into the loony bin. "Settle down, settle down. I am Ariella Pentstone, your escort this year!" Her voice was scratchy, one of those which got annoying after a while. As she yammered on, I focused on Annie and Finnick on the stage. Ariella was obviously swooning over Finnick but Annie was completely oblivious to this. Ariella was totally stealing Annie's man and if I was up there, I would've slapped her by now. A video was played, the same as every year, with President Snow speaking in his dull tone and repeating the same footage of District 13. Oh, how I wanted to strangle that man. "Wasn't that wonderful? Well, let's move on! Hmm, should we have a change this year? The men first!" She giggled,hoping to get a hot volunteer that sweeps her off her feet. She's greeted with silence and she stumbles forward to the large bowl that hold all the slips. "Winard Howlting!" Her voices shrieks and I crane my neck to see a large boy, probably 18, walking up to he stage. I recognise him from school and I remember that he trains at the academy. He wouldn't have volunteered but he's a good fighter and his specialty is a spear. He works on the boats and Finnick and I have spotted him many times using his prefered weapon. He is deadly. "Any volunteers?" Ariella's voice snaps me out of my evaluation of Winard. This year, there is no-one to volunteer and it's clear that Winard is going to the Games. I'm glad it's not a 12 year old, who has no chance of coming back. Instead, Winard has a massive chance and is trained. He is handsome as well, golden hair and tanned skin from working outside in the sun. He might get a lot of sponsors, he looks like a charmer. I bet he'll work the crowd, making every Capitol woman weak at the knees. But not me. "Right then, onto the ladies!" This is it. I roll my shoulders, loosening them and shut my eyes. My body relaxes and I know everything will be fine. I only have a few slips, there's no way it's going to be me. Someone will volunteer. "Zoë Cresta!" My eyes snap open and I see Zoë paralyzed from fear. I hear snickers around me and I know this is our punishment. Not just mine, but ours. Finnick's, for loving Annie. Mine, for having a 'perfect' life. Zoë's, for not having to take tessarae. Annie's, for being so oblivious to the darkness of the world and not having to experience it. No-one's going to save us, no-one's going to volunteer. That is our punishment. It's my own choice to push past the cruel girls and let the words flow from my mouth. I am completely aware of what I am doing but I am not selfish, I'm not doing it to save myself. "I volunteer!" I scream, running towards Zoë and embrace her fragile body. She is too young, too innocent. Her body is shaking and I can tell that she is sobbing. "I volunteer as a tribute." "Shush baby girl, everything will be okay," I whisper to her, "I'll save us." The words are for her ears only, hidden from the cameras. It's a promise. I give her a peck on the forehead before the peacekeepers drag me away. I throw a glare at them over my shoulder, pulling away from them. I think that was a mistake because I actually can't walk on my own. My legs are shaking and I don't think I can make it to the stage. My head is spinning and my vision is going blurry. I need someone to steady me as I stumble up the stairs. I think they are laughing at me. But I wouldn't know, because my world had fallen into darkness. This is it. I can't save you now. Because I am falling, falling down the rabbit hole.