what she's saying. "Deal. No more Haymitch and Effie; from now on it's just us." With a move learned from years of wrestling and sparring with his brothers, Peeta flips them so Katniss is on her back. She barely has a chance to take a breath before his lips find hers, stoking the fire between them with slow, deep kisses. Mewls of delight spring from Katniss throat, spurring Peeta on to further explore her exposed skin. This time, once he reaches her breasts he doesn't count, he simply lavishes attention on both until she is writhing beneath him, begging for more. Peeta weaves a slow path down her body, pausing to run his tongue around the indentation of her navel, which makes her giggle in a most un-Katniss-like manner. Deciding it's one of his new favorite sounds, Peeta tries to find other areas that elicit the same response, having success with the curve of her waist, and the soft valleys of her hips. Feeling brave, Peeta stops his ministrations. "Can I try something?" he asks. Katniss tilts her head so she can see him better. "Like what?" "Well, there's this thing that my brothers talk about all the time, and I kinda want to give it a try," he explains in a rush. She eyes him dubiously, aware of the elder Mellark brothers' slag heap reputations, and wonders what Peeta could possibly want to try with her. "What kind of thing?" Peeta looks away as a pink stain rises across his chest and neck. "Uh...it's...well…" he flounders, trying to find the words. "Do you trust me?" Seeing him at such a loss heightens Katniss' curiosity. It's obvious he's thought about this a lot, or he wouldn't be so nervous about asking her. She narrows her eyes, dragging out his discomfort just a bit longer before smiling. "Ok. I'll allow it." Her reward is a bright smile, one that she hasn't seen in months, not since well before the games or the reaping, and that alone is enough to make her relax. She trusts Peeta with her life, surely he wouldn't do anything to make her uncomfortable. "Just lay back, and relax," he tells her in a voice that holds just the tiniest hint of command. Katniss complies, now more curious than ever. Peeta takes her ankles, and pulls until she's just at the edge of the mattress then places a pillow beneath her head to make her more comfortable. Kneeling before her with a sensual smirk, he spreads her legs, and begins kissing her belly once more, slowly moving lower and lower towards the place between her thighs that has been screaming for attention all night. He traces the lace edge of her panties, his warm breath teasing the delicate skin beneath. Peeta cradles her hips in his large hands and tilts her towards his waiting mouth. Softly he plants hot, open mouth kisses over her most sensitive area, teasing with his tongue until she's squirming under him. His eyes look up to hers, bright blue finding silvery grey in the lamplight and he holds her gaze as he continues, growing bolder with each swipe. "Peeta, please!" she begs as the heat spreads throughout her body, even though she's not entirely sure what it is she wants. She tries to push herself closer, gripping the blanket for better leverage as she attempts to swirl her hips. Soaked panties are torn from her body, leaving her fully exposed, but Katniss is beyond caring. If that is what it takes to reach whatever pinnacle her body is racing towards, she'll take the loss. Driven by her sounds of pleasure, Peeta rears up onto his knees, changing the angle of attack, and the first swipe of his tongue with no barrier between them causes Katniss to arch off the bed, nearly snapping his neck. Peeta lays his arm across her hips, holding her firmly in place as he continues. In a burst of inspiration, his other hand reaches up, latches onto her nipple, and gives it a good squeeze. "Oh, Peeta!" Katniss screams in response, tugging on his golden curls. He groans at the sensation, and the vibration of his lips adds just enough for her to fall over the edge with a throaty cry and a sharp tug on his hair. The sound of Katniss' pleasure coupled with the sensation of her pulling his hair is more than Peeta can handle. Tantric breathing is beyond his ability as he loses control over his body's responses - his heart pounds in his chest as currents of electricity ricochet across his nerve endings, the tension builds to a fever pitch until it's too much and he comes hard, rocked by the intensity of his release. "That was…. amazing, " she purrs as she tries to catch her breath. "Who knew your idiot brothers could actually be useful for something?" Looking pleased with himself, Peeta stands up and wipes his mouth with the back of his hand. As he does, Katniss notices the large wet spot on the front of his undershorts. "Are you ok?" "What?" he looks down, and sees the spot. "OH! Yeah, I'm fine. I guess I just liked doing that to you a lot. A whole lot." She stands and takes his hands in hers. "Thank you, Peeta." "My pleasure." Quickly they clean up, and settle back into bed, both feeling exhausted and ready for sleep. As they arrange themselves under the blankets, Katniss accidentally hits the control panel built into the side table, turning on the TV. ' Ladies and gentlemen! Heeeeeeere's Caesar!' The opening music of Caesar Flickerman's nightly talk show fills the room. Shaking her head, Katniss sighs and shuts off the TV, only to hear soft snores coming from beside her. Chuckling at Haymitch's earlier prediction coming true, Katniss snuggles deeper under the covers, and wraps her arms around Peeta. "Goodnight, Peeta," she whispers, and kisses him on the temple, "I'm so glad we had this talk."