around the fact that he's here. Last she heard he'd gone across country for college and never came back. "I moved back a few weeks ago," he answers her garbled questions, "My dad decided to retire and I'm taking over the Bakery. Delly invited me to the party, and well….yeah." "Oh. That's….nice." Katniss does a mental face palm at her muddled brain's response to the information. She's not sure how to process the fact that he's here, and talking to her. She hasn't seen him since….well, since that awful party back in high school when they kissed. At this thought, something pokes at the back of her mind, like an annoying younger sibling. She tries to swat it away, but it persists, eventually finding a way past the lingering effects of all the beer she had to drink. Almost simultaneously two very important thoughts gel in her mind – Peeta is wearing a Darth Vader costume, and earlier tonight she kissed someone in a Darth Vader costume. No, not just kissed, shared a soul-searing intimate moment with someone in a Darth Vader costume. She thought she was kissing Gale, but as it replays in her mind, the facts stack up in another way that should have made it painfully obvious – the pale lashes, bleached white by the moon, silver eyes that could just have easily been blue, cinnamon and the musky scent she always associated with Peeta, the soft lips that were nothing like Gale's. "Fuck me," she breathes, "It was you. You were the one in the room, not Gale." Peeta's smile dims and concern clouds his features. "Yeah, it was me," he confirms, running a hand through his disheveled waves. Katniss stands silent in her mortification, heat blooming across her neck and face as she relives the moments with him. How shamelessly she reacted to his kiss, and how guilty she felt thinking about him when she thought she was kissing Gale . "Oh my God. Oh. My. GOD. OHMYGOD." Panic sets in and with it the flight instinct she wears like a favorite sweater. Katniss turns to flee, but before she can take a step Peeta's hand gently encircles her bicep, stopping her in her tracks. "Wait, please don't leave," he begs, "I just want to talk." Every fiber of her being screams for her to run, not walk, away from this situation and pretend it never happened, but her legs refuse to cooperate. Instead she nods, and Peeta lets go of her arm, stepping back as if he can sense she needs space, both literally and figuratively. Embarrassment keeps her from meeting his eyes, so instead she focuses her gaze on the bright red and green diodes blinking on the breastplate of his costume. On and off they wink in sequence, mimicking LEDs on an actual PC. They're almost hypnotic, and Katniss feels strangely comforted by their constant flashing. "So, as we've established," Peeta begins, "that was me you kissed, not Gale. Before you yell at me for not saying anything, I feel I must remind you that I did try, but you were a woman with a mission and wouldn't let me get a word in." Katniss recalls him trying to speak, and her not letting him finish. 'This is why it doesn't pay to be impulsive!" she mentally scolds herself. "I'm sorry, Peeta," she confesses, "I didn't mean…" "Well I'm not," he interrupts as he steps closer, "the truth is, Katniss, that I came tonight hoping I'd run into you. And if I did that I'd finally have the balls to say something to you instead of just staring like some creepy stalker." "What?" His admission stuns her, and she finally looks him in the eye. Peeta closes the gap between them, taking her hands in his. "Katniss, I have had a huge crush on you, pretty much since we were kids, but you intimidated me so much I could never work up the nerve to say anything. Then that bottle, which I kept by the way, landed on you and my heart stopped. Here was my chance to finally let you know how I felt, and I totally ruined it by having zero control over my prepubescent body. But tonight, when you walked into the room it was if I'd been given a second chance. Yeah, it sucked that you thought I was Gale, but I don't regret going along with your mistake for one second. That kiss was amazing, Katniss. And if you'll allow it, I'd like to take you out on a proper date, and hopefully work up to some more." Katniss blinks, unable to wrap her head around Peeta's confession. He's had a crush on her for years? He came to the party hoping to see her? He wants to date her? "Wait, what do you mean no control over your body?" She knew what the phrase usually referred to, but that couldn't possibly be what he meant. In the dim light she can see the tips of his ears glow pink. "Um, well, you don't realize the effect you can have, Katniss." Oh. OH! He did mean what she thought he meant. "So that's why you left the circle." "Yeah…." he lets the word trail off as he scrubs the back of his neck in a nervous gesture she's come to recognize. "And you want to….date me?" her voice sounds small, unsure, scared even. "If you'll allow it," he smiles at her, and she can feel any doubts and insecurities fly away on the night breeze. With a blinding smile of her own she takes his hand, lacing her fingers with his. "I'll allow it." A/N: I hope you enjoyed this little tale. I'm thinking of doing a part 2 from Peeta's POV that will take things further, if there's interest. Thank you to Sohypothetically for the inspiration, Revenge of the Nerds for the Darth Vader costume idea, Chele20035 for pre-reading & Titania522 for correcting my horrible mistakes.