sponsors. She's got some skills. And she's good with a knife. She's not afraid of blood, no one in Ten is. Not with the spring and autumn slaughters needing all hands to help process all of the meat. But killing a human, that's different. Humans talk back. And she remembers how much she cried after her first spring slaughter of the lambs. She hopes she can see the other tributes as just animals to be butchered. It's the only way she'll be able to kill them. oOo District Ten - Male - Clint Of course, his name gets called. It's just his luck. The year after he has his riding accident he gets called. Bastards. The bastards are going to feel sorry for him. Thinking that he's some cripple that will go down easily. What do they know? They won't know that he's one of the best riders in Ten. Or that he can hog tie a heifer in five seconds flat. They won't know that he's been riding range with his family and their shepherd dogs since he was eight. They won't know that last year he was able to run faster than the rest of the kids his age. No, all they're going to see is his damned twisted foot and they're going to write him off. Well, he'll show them. No one counts Clint out. No one. And he'll kill anyone who does. oOo District Eleven - Female - Rue Her mother lets out a long wail when her name is called. The sound is almost unearthly. But it's also the one thing that lets Rue know that this isn't a dream. She's had nightmares about being Reaped since her father's little sister was Reaped six years ago. But in her nightmares, her mother doesn't wail like someone's torn out her soul. She cries. She weeps. But she doesn't wail. She walks up the stairs slowly. She doesn't want to die. There's a hush in the square when the crowd sees her. They know she's only twelve. That she doesn't stand a chance. She knows it too. But she might have a chance, if she can find food. She's light and quick. The other tributes will have to catch her first. And Rue has no intention of getting caught. oOo District Eleven - Male - Thresh "Damn," Thresh says when they call his name. He'd considered volunteering until the little girl's name had been called. He doesn't want her death on his hands. He knows he's big and strong. He's also good with a knife. Eleven could use another victor. Why not him? But he doesn't want to kill kids. He's not a Career to whom a kill's a kill. Careers are one thing, they're asking for it. Little kids are another. So he doesn't volunteer. It's his last eligible year. Now he's going to be in the Games anyway. But he isn't going to kill the little girl and he'll kill anyone who does. He's just got to catch them. oOo District Twelve - Female - Primrose "Katniss Everdeen!" "No!" Prim calls out, unable to stop herself. This is wrong! Her sister is pregnant. If she goes into the Arena, the baby will die. That isn't fair. The baby didn't do anything wrong. It deserves to live. The choice is clear. No one else will do it. She sees Katniss up on the stage, her dress flattened against her swelling belly and Prim knows she's making the right choice. "I volunteer!" she says, softly. Then she repeats it a little louder to make sure she's heard. Now, even if she doesn't make it, the baby will live. What kind of aunt would she be if she just let the baby die? Katniss would have volunteered for her if her name had been called and she hadn't been pregnant. She's just doing what her big sister would have done. It's the only thing she can do. oOo District Twelve - Male - Peeta Twice in less than five minutes, Peeta's world is destroyed. The first is when Katniss's name is called. He would volunteer for her if he could. But he can't. So when her sister does, he's shocked but a little relieved. The girl he loves will live. It doesn't matter if she doesn't love him back, she's going to live. That's enough for him. Then his name is called and the world ends again. How can he even try to win the Games if it means that Katniss's little sister won't make it home? The answer is he can't. Losing Prim would destroy her, he knows, and as he's walking up onto the stage he makes a decision. He's going to make sure Prim comes home or at least die in the attempt. He stifles the laughter that threatens to spill out. He hadn't intended on getting Katniss's attention this way. He was originally hoping to talk to her at the eighteen year old celebration bonfire in two years. Then she got pregnant and he knew he'd waited too long and was too late. He still loves her. He'd always love her, like his father still loves her mother. At least now, he doesn't have to go through the agony his father did of watching the woman he loves marry and have children with another man. Maybe these Games are a blessing in disguise. He'll make sure Prim comes home and he'll die on his own terms. It's the best he can do. oOo AN: Written: 12/20/13 Revised: 12/21/13 Second Revision: 1/2/14 Beta Read by RoseFyre Just a little glimpse into my head canon for the tributes in Spectator . Some of them obviously got bigger sections than others. But there's only so many ways you can go "A scared kid's name is called out and they walk up on the stage." Every person has a story. And I wanted to give the tributes in the Seventy Fourth Hunger Games one. I hope you enjoyed!