digging into my scalp hard enough to leave half-moon shaped indentations. Slowly I begin my descent to her core; her pants coming louder and faster as I approach. I wrap my arm around her waist as my tongue laps along her slit, drinking in her essence. My nose bumps against her greedy bundle of nerves and she jerks as if she's been shocked by electricity. A long, guttural moan is all the encouragement I need to do it again, this time suckling it with my lips. Katniss' thighs tremble with the effort of staying upright as my lips continue their carnal assault. First one, then two fingers disappear inside of her, curling into her tight walls in search of the elusive sweet spot that will send her into oblivion. I sense she's near when her walls begin to contract around my fingers, and I pull away, earning a murderous look from Katniss. Wiping my mouth with the back of my hand, I stand and pull her against my body. I can feel her heart thrumming in time with mine. "I want us to finish together." Color blooms across her lovely body as she catches my meaning, and she nods her acquiescence, a needy gleam in her eyes. I pick her up and place her on the couch, kissing her deeply as I lay next to her, my hands mapping her silken folds and setting her on fire once again. My fingers and mouth help her climb to the apex until she's balancing on the precipice, trembling with need, but rather than letting go, Katniss sits up and leans forward on her knees to take my aching cock in her mouth. A groan escapes my throat at the feel of her soft tongue and lips wrapped around my throbbing length. Gently I tug on her hips, sliding my hand down one firm thigh, massaging gently as I go down to cradle her lower leg, and position her so that she's straddling my chest. I drink in the sight of her spread before me, moisture glistening in the soft lamplight. Her earthy scent stirs something deep inside, unleashing the primal instinct to pull her close to my waiting lips. She keens deep in her throat as I spread her folds run the flat of my tongue along them, before latching onto her clit, and I can feel the vibrations of her vocal cords against my cock, the sensation sending me rocketing towards my climax. I insert one finger into her opening, twisting slightly as she thrusts back against my hand. I add another finger, curling them to stroke her inner walls as I suckle on her needy bundle of nerves, and it only takes moments for her to begin cresting the wave of her orgasm. My cock falls from her lips as she throws her head back, mewls of delight pouring out of her as she gives over to me completely, her walls contracting madly around my fingers. "Oh, oh PEETA!" Just the sound of her husky voice moaning my name is enough for my balls to tighten and the tingling sensation begin at the base of my spine. Katniss must sense I'm close as she begins to slowly pump my swollen cock, squeezing with each pass as she envelopes me in the warmth of her mouth. I thrust into her hand, letting go of my restraint now that she's come. The warm suction of her mouth is what finally takes me to the promise-land and I come with a shout of her name, "Katniss!" The faint drone of my alarm breaks through my sleep drugged mind, pulling me from the last vestiges of sleep. Regretfully I open my eyes, slowly adjusting to the dim glow provided by the lamp next to me and momentarily disoriented at being on the couch instead of in my bedroom. In the blink of an eye the details from the night before come rushing back and I push myself up, looking for Katniss. The last thing I remember before sleep claimed my sated mind is cuddling her close to me after we'd come down from our orgasms, our cooling bodies wrapped around one another and her head upon my shoulder. A hot ball of disappointment lodges in my throat at the realization that I was alone. Our empty beer bottles and the plate from the cheese buns were gone from the coffee table as well, further testament that it was once again a dream. Disbelief flows through my veins. It had seemed so real, felt so real. Every detail stands out vividly in my mind; how she looked, how she smelled, the taste of her skin. I swear I can still taste her essence lingering on my tongue. In frustration I kick the table, sending a pile of magazines sliding to the floor where they land in a heap. Ignoring them, and my now throbbing foot, I go into the bedroom and shut off the alarm, debating whether or not to just crawl into bed and pull the covers over my head in an effort to bring back the beautiful dream. Running my hand through my sleep tousled curls I grab a towel and head into the bathroom in the hopes that a cold shower will help me shake the lingering disappointment. As I pass through the living room, out of the corner of my eye I see something white sticking out from underneath the pile of magazines that fell from the coffee table. I feel a prickle at the back of my neck as I walk over and slowly extract it from its hiding spot. With trembling hands I turn it over and suck in a disbelieving breath. Lying there in my hands is the envelope that Katniss brought over last night, the cartoon gecko insipidly smiling up at me. Confusion dances around me like a ribbon caught on a vanilla scented breeze, faster and faster until only one thought remains: 'Real or not real?'