out into the earth she thinks: If this Arena weren't a deathtrap, it would be beautiful. oOo District Eight - Female - Taylor - 15 Cecelia pulls Taylor aside on the train. "I know your ma," she says. "Good woman. I made her a promise that I'd try to get you home, and I will, but more than that, I promised your ma I'd keep you safe. And to do that, you're gonna have to listen to what I say." "So what do I need to do? How do I get sponsors?" "Short answer? You don't." "But-" "No buts. You don't want 'em. They come with strings and conditions that you ain't interested in payin'. And what's more, you don't need 'em. I made it through without sponsors. So'd Johanna Mason. So did lots of others. The tributes that get the most sponsors have the most debts to pay if they win. And trust me, little girl, you don't want to end up with a heap load of debts. You might turn into Finnick Odair, or worse, Haymitch Abernathy." Taylor nods her head. The Victor from Twelve's famous, or maybe infamous is a better word for it. District Twelve hasn't had a winner in almost twenty five years and he's a raging drunk that no one respects. "So my advice to you?" Cecelia says. "Make them forget you. Make them all forget you. Let the Careers fight it out, let the Gamemakers ignore you. Don't be abysmal, or you'll become a target, but don't be exceptional either. You want to be average. Average is what will keep you alive." Taylor doesn't know what to think of her mentor's advice, but Cecelia's here, and lots of other memorable tributes aren't. She decides maybe being unremarkable isn't the worst thing to do. But it's harder than she'd expected it to be. Caesar's so nice, and he tries really hard to make her feel comfortable. She can tell he wants each tribute to stand out and he's good at doing that. He asks her how she likes the Capitol. She tries to stick to simple unmemorable answers. "It's nice, I like the food." "Is there anyone back home for you?" She shrugs her shoulders. "My parents. That's about it." "Aw, come on, pretty girl like you's gotta have someone special!" She shakes her head, pretending to be a bit shy. Her friends have got to wonder where the vivacious leader of the pack that they know has gone. But she remembers Cecelia's advice and the subtle nods that the woman gives her from out in the audience encourage her to keep up the facade. She's got an alliance and she's got a plan. She doesn't need the Capitol to love her. She just needs to survive. The morning of the Games, Cecelia pulls her aside and gives her one final piece of advice. "The Gamemakers won't allow someone to win if they haven't killed someone." "You mean-" "I'm saying, if you want to make it through these Games, you're gonna have to become a killer. My advice to you: take out somebody easy. That boy from Six, for example. You'd be doing him a favor and keep him from suffering later on. Just be quick about it. It's best to do it early. That way no one will see and remember." "Did you kill someone?" Cecelia nods. "I killed two. It's not easy to live with, but at least you get to live." The boy from Six takes himself out of the running, leaping after that stuffed dog of his, so Taylor targets the girl standing next to her, the girl from Four. She's got a withered arm and no chance. A rock to the temple is quick and fairly painless. It's the best she can do. Then she grabs what she can before scampering off to meet her alliance. The second interview with Caesar is easier. She knows what to expect. She says all the right things and is unsurprised that the recap focuses more on the girl from Two than on her. That's fine. She's found out now what happens to popular Victors. She's met Finnick Odair, who under the guise of congratulations whispered in her ear about the Victor Circuit and forced prostitution. She's found out what actually happened to Haymitch Abernathy and his family. She's grateful Cecelia gave her the advice and even more grateful that she had the good sense to follow it. Taylor Paylor is unremarkable. And that's just the way she likes it. oOo AN: Written: 4/26/15 Revised: 6/14/15 The title of this fic comes from the Linkin Park song "In the End" which we're sorry we went for such an overused title/song inspiration (all we need now is some Evanescence, Nickelback, and Lady Antebellum and we'll be set for most hated bands). The words really did fit our tributes, specifically Cleo. The order of the character studies is technically chronological based on where the core part of their arc takes place. Taylor Paylor was going to be last… she survived… everyone else kind of hit a different part of the Games, not just the Reaping. Some of the names were taken from FanficAllergy's Spectator universe. The flu messed with who was Reaped and in other cases (Axel/Curie) we wanted the same tribute but a different backstory. And there will always be a Taylor in the Games. It is a moral imperative. We'd mentioned earlier that we'd killed four major Non-District Twelve canon characters from the flu. Brutus and Johanna were mentioned earlier in various interludes. The other two get revealed here. Clove died of the flu as did Foxface. Thresh got the flu but didn't die before the Games, which was why we decided to have him die of the flu during the Games. Things We Randomized: - Pretty much everything about the 74th Games, including which tributes died of the flu, who the Victor was, and the order of deaths We hope you enjoyed!