one fourth of the shepherds, ranchers, and poulterers would go and celebrate with their families and friends for a few days, making sure to be back before the second day of Chayulmas. And the process would repeat with the third and fourth days. It was a well oiled system, dating back to before the Dark Days. Everyone got a chance to go home and everyone had to work a little harder for about two weeks. It worked out in the end. Unfortunately it did mean that the people were a little short on sleep since winter + longer nights + hungry predators = flocks in danger. So as much as each hand looked forward to being able to see their loved ones, they all breathed a sigh of relief when Chayulmas was over and they could all go back to a normal sleep schedule. oOo District Eleven - Somewhere In My Memory The people in Eleven were not allowed time off for any of the holidays. Because of Eleven's climate, there was always some crop that was in need of tending, harvesting, or planting. So it was rare when a family was actually home and together and not out in the fields somewhere. Still, the people of District Eleven celebrated when they had the chance or, if that chance never happened, they celebrated in their dreams. oOo District Twelve - The Holly and the Ivy Twelve was known for three things: coal, poverty, and music. So it was unsurprising that all three played a part in their midwinter celebration. As in most districts, the major industry, coal mining, shut down for the day. Each miner was given a bucket of coal as a gift and then several smaller buckets were loaded onto a cart and carried up into town. These buckets of coal were given to the families of all those killed in the mines. It was one of the few times the people in the Seam accepted charity. Then, everyone gathered in the square to celebrate. A large bonfire was built and the crowd segregated into two groups: male and female. They stood on opposite ends of the bonfire and a small group of old musicians would settle down to play. First there'd be the singing contests, culminating with a sing off of who could make up the best songs about holly or ivy. The men would sing about the masculine qualities of holly while the women would sing about the feminine qualities of Ivy. Four judges consisting of Sae, the Mayor, Haymitch, and Rooba would decide which singer did the best. In case of a tie, the winner was decided by which tune the mockingjays in the square sang the loudest. Then came the dancing. The people of Twelve knew how to dance and they loved to show it off. Again there were contests using holly and Ivy. Dancers would have to weave in and out between holly bushes and ivy cords and not get tangled, trip, or lose their rhythm. The winners of both the singing and dancing contests were congratulated and awarded with bottles of white liquor and some meat. For years, it was the only reason why Katniss competed in the singing contest. It was also the reason why her father competed so many years ago. And it was on one of those midwinter nights that her mother fell in love with her father. Once the contests were over, the men would rejoin the women and the dancing would begin in earnest and last all through the night. Midwinter night was the one night of the year that it didn't matter if someone was Merchant or Seam. Everyone danced with everyone else. oOo District Thirteen - ' Twas in the Moon of Wintertime (Huron Carol) Holidays were not observed in Thirteen. Not officially, at least. Unofficially, the eldest citizens would take a group of children no older than eight up to the surface during reflection on the longest night of the year. There, they would sing the old songs that no one remembered the translations to and teach the children how to sing them phonetically. For most of the children, it would be their only time allowed outside of the stifling tunnels unless they joined the military or the infiltration corps. Many wondered what the lyrical language meant and who had spoken it. It didn't matter, the tradition did. They would spend that hour singing, learning, and marveling at the midwinter moon. oOo AN: Written: 12/17/13 Revised: 12/21/13 Beta read by RoseFyre. So this fic came into being after hearing "Baby it's cold outside" one too many times this holiday season. In an effort to ignore the lyrics of the song (which are really disturbing if you think about it), I started thinking of what holiday songs could work for the various districts. And this is what you get. Lots of garbled traditions. Be thankful I didn't have Nine nailing toast to their doors or the Capitol ordering Buckets of District Nine Chicken for their Christmas meals or Eight carving nativity scenes out of radishes. I thought about it. The one carol I wasn't familiar with before doing this fic was "'Twas in the Moon of Wintertime" which was originally written by a Jesuit Missionary to the Huron sometime in the early 1640s in Wyandot, the Huron Language. It didn't get an English translation until the early twentieth century. The song itself uses a lot of references to the Huron culture at the time. It's really quite fascinating. So rather than using the English lyrics, the people in Thirteen are singing in Wyandot or what's left of it. I also wanted to have songs that aren't associated with Christmas so there is at least one Hannukah, Yule, and New Year's Day song included in the group as well as a disputed carol or two. I did deliberately leave Kwanzaa out, mostly because I couldn't find a song for it. I hope you enjoyed! Happy Holidays!