Finnick pulled the two us aside and told us that I, too, was expected to develop a talent even though I wasn't a Victor. I don't have the same pressure that Peeta and Prim do, but I was still expected to show off my gratitude to the Capitol in some way. He helped Peeta and me come up with the idea of making children's storybooks. The first book, an illustrated version of various lullabies called 'Mockingjay Songs,' has apparently been a bestseller in the Capitol. Peeta and I worked on the book during my last month of pregnancy, and the doctors and other Capitol hangers-on took the final draft with them when they returned to the Capitol after Willow was born. Our next project is an old rags to riches story about a poor Seam girl who falls in love with the Head Peacekeeper's rich bastard son. It's based on a real story, and the real ending wasn't so happy. But it sounds enough like a fairytale that the Capitol should eat it up. "What part are you up to?" I ask. "Trying to decide if we want to include the hanging tree section or not." This story was the basis for the old song 'The Hanging Tree.' But I don't think the Capitol would appreciate hearing about how Aron was lynched to get back at his father and Tessa hung herself next to him in despair. Yeah. That'd go over well. I shake my head. "Yeah, um, as much as the Capitol likes star-crossed lovers," I say pointedly, "I think they'd rather have a happy ending." "Wouldn't we all?" Peeta replies. I look up at him. "I'm sorry." "Oh, Katniss, it's not your fault," he tells me, his voice stricken. "None of this is your fault." "Can't I still feel bad?" "I can't stop you." He takes a deep breath and stares off into the distance. "Part of me hates that there are these moments when I forget what happened. Like when I look at you and Willow I'm sometimes overwhelmed with happiness. And then I remember just how this happiness was earned and…" He trails off. I stop for a second, slipping my arms around him comfortingly like I used to do to Prim. Snow picked the perfect punishment for a good man like him, and I can't help but hate the president even more than I did before for putting him and us through this. "It's okay to be happy. You've earned it. If anyone's earned it, you've earned it," I tell him not for the first time, stroking his back lightly. "You're a good husband. You're a good father. I don't think Willow could ask for a better father." I'm not just saying that to make him feel better. He adores my little girl and prefers to take the late night feedings and diaper changes just so I can get as much of a full night's sleep as possible. I still have to feed Willow, and I don't trust the formula the Capitol provided. But Peeta tries to pretty much do everything else. "She smiled at me today," Peeta says, letting me know that the moment of weakness has passed. "Are you sure it wasn't gas?" Peeta chuckles, pulling back from me and taking my hand again so we can resume our walk back to the Victor's Village. "Nah, it was a smile. She liked the song I was singing to her." I make a face at the thought of Peeta's singing. "I'm glad someone did." "I can't wait until she's older and I can embarrass her by singing her the lambkin song in front of her boyfriend." "You're assuming she's gonna have a boyfriend." "Or girlfriend," Peeta says quickly. "Although she's not allowed to date until she's forty." "When did that decision get made?" He grins at me. "Just now." "And you think she's going to go along with it?" "I've always looked forward to being a 'do as I say and not as I do' parent." "Let me know how that works out." My mother and Prim's house is right across the street from ours. It's close, but not so close that we can hear each other's screams when Peeta sleeps with the window open, which he does every single night. It wasn't too bad during the summer and early fall. But lately I've had to start sleeping closer to my husband for warmth. I'm just grateful Willow is finally able to sleep in a room adjoining ours where I can keep the door and windows shut so it's warmer. I knock on the door to my mother's house and my sister opens it a moment or two later. Prim's eyes are wide and she looks like she's had a nightmare. I drop Peeta's hand. "What's wrong, Little Duck?" I say, taking a step forward to gather my sister into my arms. She shakes her head, pointing me toward the back of the house and the room that holds Willow's cradle. My eyes go wide and I feel Peeta stiffen beside me. Something's wrong with our daughter. We run to see what's wrong with our baby, and as soon as I enter the room, I see why Prim is so scared. Standing there in an impeccable white suit with a bright red flower boutonniere is President Coriolanus Snow. And he's holding our daughter. oOo AN: Written: 7/1/15 Revised: 8/2/15 Revised 2: 9/11/15 Revised 3: 9/16/15 Betaread by RoseFyre & AmelinaZenitram Hi! I'm back! I'm going to try to keep to my old update schedule of every other week on Sunday for Participant. This story wouldn't have been written if it weren't for the amazing RoseFyre. She actually took my dictation for the initial rough draft in addition to her betareading duties. So literally, this story wouldn't have been written without her. Also a lot of thanks to AmelinaZenitram who took over primary betaing duties. Please leave a review letting me know what you think!