because of the similar traits," Sae says, "I'm glad you've bonded, but you need to look at her differently." "That's not the only reason I love her," I say, "is it?" Greasy Sae shrugs her shoulders and gets up to leave. "I'm glad you're getting along Katniss," she says, "but you need to find other things that you like about her. Not just the Prim things." She's right. I don't want to admit it, but she is. I need to forget Prim. No. Not forget her, but not let my life be ruined because of her death. That's what Peeta always said, anyways. But I can't forget. It's not good to forget. If we forget, we let things happen again. So I won't forget. Simple. But I need to move on with my life. But I can't move on when I can't avenge her death. Someone killed Prim, and I never found out. But whoever killed her is probably someone who is killed now. If it was Coin, maybe I did already avenge her death. But the only way to know for sure is by figuring out who manned those helicopters. And to find out who was in the one that killed Prim. But I'm going to have to get up and do something if I need to find out. And that means I'm going to have to go to District 13, where the army base is located. But I can't, I can't leave home. No, I have to. And I can find out where Peeta is too, or what happened to him. Oh why didn't I do this a long time ago? I won't be able to take a car to District 13, they'll take it away to make sure I haven't brought any weapons in it, and by the time they give it back to me it'll be turned into a skateboard or something. I'll have to go on foot, through the woods, and sneak my way in there. Now after what happened with the Capitol, you're only allowed in District 13 if you're invited, or if you live there, or if you're the president. That's where all the security goes on, and where all the decisions are made for the government. They're so worried that someone is going to try to start a rebellion again, to get things back to the way they were. But who would do that? Some Capitol person? It doesn't matter if they tried, because no one would support them. Maybe they're worried they'll be too powerful on their own, and blow up District 13 or something and take over. Well whatever it is, at least they do their job right. So it's decided then, I'm going to District 13. I get up in search for Greasy Sae, ready to tell her the news. I search around for her, but fail to find her. "Sae," I holler, "Sae where are you?" I go upstairs and listen in to her bedroom. I hate being such a peep, but I need to talk to her about this. "Sae," I say as I knock on the door, "you in there?" "Yes Katniss, but I can't talk right now, I'm on the phone with an old friend. I'll talk to you later." I let out a sigh, and head on my way over to Haymitch's. Greasy Sae's P.O.V.: I hold the phone close to my side, making sure Katniss can't hear. I hear her sigh, and once I'm certain she's gone, I lift the phone back up to my ear. "Sorry Gale," I say, "so what can I do for you?" Katniss's P.O.V.: "Haymitch," I holler as I walk into his house, "let's talk again." "You were right," he says, "I'm not the only one who's survived a Hunger Games," he says as he motions his head towards the window. "Sorry," I say, "but it gets really annoying when no one pays attention to you when you're trying to do something." "Yeah," he says, "I've noticed sweetheart." "Are you better now?" I ask. "A bit," he says. "They've invented a new beer. You get over the hangover a lot faster. I'm still kind of dizzy though…." "So Haymitch," I get straight to it, "I need to move on." "Well I'm glad you've finally realized it sweetheart," he says rolling his head around. "No Haymitch," I say, "I can't move on." "Then why are you telling me this?" he asks. "Because I want to avenge Prim's death," I say. "We're not starting another rebellion," he says, "not in my lifetime." "And I'm the one who's selfish," I mutter under my breath. "I don't want to start a rebellion," I say. "Then what is it sweetheart?" he asks getting annoyed now. "Just get it over with." "I need to find out who was in that helicopter." "Well that's just unfortunate," he says while he stands up and walks over to the cabinet. He opens the door and pulls out a bottle of whine. He pops the cork off, and walks over to another cabinet to get a glass. "Because they're probably dead now," he says while pouring the dark red liquid into the glass. I stomp over there and knock the glass out of his hand. "You're right," he says, "you really don't like it when people don't pay attention to you." "Haymitch," I say, "I need to settle things. I need to figure this out. I can't go on not knowing who was in that helicopter." There's a long pause before I continue. "And plus," I start, "I need to know what's happened to Peeta." "Oh no Katniss," he says, "You aren't thinking…" "I am," I say. "Katniss," he says, "you'll never get in. There's no point! You think of the stupidest ideas, so just give up before you even start." "I may think of the stupidest ideas," I tell him, "but they always turn out right." "Katniss…"he starts, "no Haymitch," I say, "I'm going to District 13."