He suddenly pulls back and says "Good night Katniss" and walks out the door. I stand there staring at the door, trying to get my emotions in place. Joy. Fear. Hurt. And finally Anger. How dare he say that? I run towards his house, to find him walking up the steps on his porch. "Peeta!" I snarl from behind him and then walk ahead to block his way to the door. "Katniss?" he says, confused. "What happened? Is everything alright?" "No, nothing's alright and it's all because of you! How could you say that?" "What did I say Katniss? You were fine a minute ago, I don't understand what I did?" he says. "What you did? It's what you have been doing all this while!" I feel the rage pulsing through me and I burst out. "I get it, okay? You don't love me anymore. Fine. But how dare you say all those things. You know, I can't bear to think about my future and you wanna say things about kids and marriage and husbands? You say that, my husband would be happy to get to live his life with me? Like I even want to think about marriage now! And even if I do, you say it like he is some third person in this situation. You don't want me to be your wife? Okay, fine." I say throwing my hands in the air. "You don't even want to kiss me anymore? Fine. But you and I both know that the only person in this world who can be my husband is you! Only you..." Peeta's lips come crashing down on mine, stopping me mid sentence. He pushes me backwards- without breaking the kiss- so that my back is pressed against the door. He takes my face in his hand and pulls away only an inch giving us a second to catch our breath. "Pe..." I try to say his name at the same time he snarls "Katniss" and his lips descend on mine once again. I bring my hand to his chest trying to push him away-his intensity frightens me- but his hands move from my face and his long fingers circle my wrists and bring my hands to the side of my head. All this while his relentless lips stay on mine. He tugs on my lower lip with his teeth and it makes me shudder. He lets out a low growl which makes me cave in. He kisses me until we both become breathless, even then his lips do not leave my skin. He trails kisses along the side of my cheek and stops at my left ear. "You thought I don't love you anymore?" he says and then pulls back to look at my face. I see the storm brewing in his eyes and it leaves my mouth dry, so I just nod. "Katniss!" he growls throatily before kissing me again. His entire body is pressed against mine and I wrap my arms around his neck to bring him even closer. The only sound I can hear is of my heart trumping in my chest. His kisses turn from urgent and intense to soft and gentle. He places a hand under my chin and lifts my head up and places his forehead on mine. "Katniss you are the only one I have ever loved and you will be the only one I love for the rest of my life. I could never stop" he almost grins. "And I think I answered your question of me not wanting to kiss you." We both laugh still a little breathless. "Come on, I'll show you something." He pulls me inside his house and then upstairs to his studio. The first thing I see when I walk into Peeta's studio is; me. Painting's of me, everywhere; me sitting on the kitchen counter, me looking at the primrose bushes planted in front of my house, me just walking in the Victors Village. All this is a proof of how much he still loves me. The Capitol practically programmed him to hate me and yet here he was, still devoted to me. How could he love me so much? All this while I thought that he was over me, am I really that blind? My eyes fall on the painting that is right in front of me. I immediately know that it was painted today because it has all the colors in it that Peeta was covered in, this morning. It is different from the other paintings in this room as it is the only one that has someone other than me in it; Peeta. It is a painting of us, near the lake, with the sun setting in the background, making the droplets of water on our body-glisten; and Peeta is kissing me in it. A shiver runs down my spine when I see it. Even though it's a painting, I can feel that gentle kiss. Peeta comes up behind me, snakes his hands around my waist and presses his warm lips on my neck. I lean back into his arms. "Katniss, I wanted to kiss you since the time I found out what kissing meant" he breaths. His words make me shudder and he tightens his arms around me. "You're cold; I'll get you a blanket" he says and tries to back away but I wrap my hands over his and pull him closer. "No, don't go. Just stay with me" I say. "Always." AN: Am I in the clear or do I need to go hide from all the stones coming my way? Also, did you get what I took from chapter six of RtR? Let me know in the reviews! I really hope you liked this one-shot and if you did then you should really go over and read RtR because that is like 1000 times better than this! Review and let me know what you think about this and whether I should write more canon stuff.