that means you two had better run." He took a drink. "I'd hoped that you guys might be able to grab a thing or two near the Cornucopia before you had to split, but now that Merida Tell here had to go and shoot that damned arrow, you guys'll be lucky not to end up with a knife in your back courtesy of the girl from Two." Katniss gaped at him. "How did you know-" Haymitch cut her off. "I got my sources. This is gonna require some careful planning. How good are you at acting, sweetheart?" She made a face. "I'm not. Never saw the point." "Okay. How are you at lyin'?" She looked down. Peeta answered for her. "She's the most honest person I know." "Now, that's a problem." The man drained his glass. "Right. So this is how it's gonna go. Sweetheart, you're gonna spend tomorrow workin' with Effie. Listen to her. She might be a flighty busybody, but she knows the Capitol. She is the Capitol. If you can make Effie like you, you can make these morons like you." He poured himself another drink. "And you, boy, we've got some planning to do." "Shouldn't it be all three of us?" Katniss wanted to know. Haymitch shook his head. "You already know too much." "It'll be okay, Katniss," Peeta said. "We'll get through this. Together." oOo The backstage of Caesar's studio was a madhouse. All of the stylists and their prep teams were running willy nilly everywhere, adding last minute touches to each tribute's appearance. All of them except Portia and Cinna. Katniss and Peeta were dressed in complementary outfits: she as the flame, he as the coal that fueled it. They were stunning. The crowd would adore the costumes. Now they just needed to make the Capitol adore them. Right before they went up on stage, Haymitch gave Katniss one last bit of advice. "Follow Caesar's lead. He genuinely wants each tribute to do well. It reflects well on him. So let him guide you. Just answer his questions honestly, and for fuck's sake just try to smile every once in a while." "I'll try. I don't have much to smile about." Peeta took her face in his hands. "Makeup!" Effie shrieked. "I'll fix it later," Cinna said. "I think this is more important." Peeta smiled at the two before turning his attention back to his soulmate. "If you have trouble smiling, just think of that night on the train. And every night since. You and me together. That always makes me smile." He watched the blush rise up Katniss's neck and cheeks, but a small soft smile floated across her lips. He bent down to kiss her. "That's it. Just like that. I'll be right beside you the whole way. If you need anything, just look for me, and I'll be there." Katniss's interview went better than any of them expected. Caesar naturally focused in on Katniss's unprecedented volunteering for her sister before turning to her incredible training score. She managed to deflect the conversation, but charmingly, getting some applause for her deviousness. Unfortunately, she didn't come off as memorable. Not even Cinna's amazing dress could do that. So it was up to him. But that was okay. Peeta always knew it was always going to be up to him. He and Haymitch were ready, and Peeta easily steered Caesar in the direction he wanted the conversation to go. When Caesar finally asked the question he was waiting for, Peeta pounced. "Is there anyone special for you back home?" "Well, there is this girl who I've been in love with for what seems like forever. But I don't think she knew I existed until the Reaping." "But whyever not?" Caesar asked. "You're a handsome strong boy, with that training score of eight." Peeta shook his head, smiling ruefully. "That's partially my fault, Caesar. You see, I have a soulmate. And I've always known I'd meet my soulmate here in the Games." "Well well well, that is a twist! So," the blue-haired host leaned forward, "all of Panem is wondering. Have you met her?" Careful not to give too much away, Peeta replied, "Yes, Caesar, I have. Fate's sure got a sense of humor. The girl I've been in love with forever is also my soulmate. We finally talked the day of the Reaping." "And?" Peeta turned to look at Katniss. "She's the same girl who came here with me." Caesar gasped. "That is bad luck!" A man off-stage dressed all in black started pointing frantically at his wrist. "Well, unfortunately that's all the time we have!" Caesar said, his voice filled with regret. "I wish you the best of luck, Peeta Mellark, Katniss Everdeen," he said, looking at the two teens, his eyes sympathetic. "Happy Hunger Games, and may the odds be ever in your favor!" oOo AN: Written: 11/2/15 Revised: 11/3/15 This was written for our amazing beta-reader and friend, Amelinazenitram. Who is willing to be tough as nails with us even if we don't take all of her suggestions. LOL. So did you realize that Katniss and Peeta don't actually talk in canon until the scene we cited? Those words are literally the first words they say to each other in the books. You can argue that they talked in school or when they shook hands. But in canon the first words they say to each other are about how to deal with drunk-ass Haymitch. So we went with that. Then we messed with canon… because dude… finding your soulmate? That's gonna change things. Yes, Katniss and Peeta totally had sex. Lots and lots of sex. Because seriously… what do they have to lose? Yes, we like playing around with the whole soulmate concept… however did you guess? The whole your soulmate's first words being written on your skin was originated by Amusewithaview in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. If you like MCU fics, go read hers. They are awesome. Thanks for reading!