she said, "You need to understand that I'm not crazy. My daughter is proof that I'm not making any of this up. It sounds unreal, but I swear to you on my daughter's life that it is all true." The sharp intake of Prim's breath was enough to convince Katniss that her sister would hear her out. Oaths were a big deal for their people and were not undertaken lightly. And they rarely were made on the lives of their children unless there was absolutely no doubt that the truth was in play. After a moment of consideration, Katniss decided to give Prim the unvarnished truth. "I've never spoken to anyone about those three years I disappeared." "No," Prim said solemnly, the memory of those years etched in the lines of fear on her face. "We never pressed the issue because we were afraid...to make you remember…" "Well, I wasn't abducted," Katniss said firmly. "You weren't? But everyone was sure you'd been kidnapped and the trauma made you forget everything!" Prim stood up and paced the living room. "It was in all the newspapers, how you disappeared into the woods without a trace and then reappeared, with no memory of what had happened to you!" "You said you were going to listen without questioning me!" "Yes, but this?" Prim exclaimed, her eyes flashing in anger. "Do you know what we went through - your family, Gale...me? It was worse than you dying because there was always that hope you would come back. Or worse yet...the horror of wondering what you were going through!" "Please?" Katniss implored, holding out her hand to encourage her sister to sit down again. "You promised." Sighing heavily, Prim reluctantly sat down again. "I wasn't abducted, not the entire time. It's more than that. I spent most of that time with the 21st Regiment, the Royal Scots Fusiliers." "Royal Scots? I've never heard of a regiment like that!" exclaimed Prim. "That's because they fought alongside the British during the American Revolution." At this, Prim's face became pale with shock. "And Peeta…" Katniss' voice faltered as she finally said his name out loud, "I lived with Brigadier Captain Peeta Mellark for those two years, until I was forced to leave him in 1776." "1776!" she sputtered. "What do you mean, 1776?!" Prim exclaimed. "There's more. Gale...Gale isn't Sophia's father," Katniss stammered. Prim's mouth fell open in shock, closing and opening like a gaping fish gasping for oxygen. "Did Gale know this?" she asked after several stunned moments of silence. Katniss nodded. "He knew almost everything that I'm about to tell you now." "And he believed you?" Prim asked as she rose slowly out of her seat again, moving as if she were persuading each individual muscle to cooperate. Katniss made to stop her again but when Prim walked slowly over to the liquor cabinet and grabbed the unopened bottle of Jack Daniels and two shot glasses, Katniss settled back in her seat in approval. "Fuck, Katniss, if I didn't know you..." Prim fell heavily into her seat. "1776? A Brigadier Captain? I think I'm going to need the hard stuff because this sounds like it's going to be one hell of a story…" XXXXX Glossary of Gaelic terms - Serachtuague - Mohawk Indian name for the Saratoga region of New York State Mo dubh - my dark one Brèagh - beautiful Mo chride - my heart Tha gaol agam ort - I love you A/N - I feel the same way Prim does. From the moment I began reading Outlander, I knew I would not easily tear the idea of that story out of my head. It became obvious, by the end of the third novel, Voyager , that this story, as with all stories of frustrated love and overcoming almost impossible odds, had an Everlark fiction waiting to be written. So, FamousFremus - being as captivated by the idea of a Scot who would sacrifice everything for his Mo dubh as we were by a teenage boy handing over his life to save the girl he'd loved since he was five - decided to give this iteration a go. It will be a multi-chapter endeavor. Please note this is a primarily an Everlark fanfiction, inspired by Outlander . It is in no way intended to be a part of the Outlander Canon. Outlander (as well as The Hunger Games ) are not ours, nor do we have any legal rights over the original characters. We are simply paying homage to two great stories in the service of a worthwhile cause. Thank you for donating to make it happen. A special thanks to my amazing co-writer and friend, FamousFremus, for the research, knowledge of the Saratoga area and amazing support. I adore this lovely woman so much and have thoroughly enjoyed writing with her! Also thanks to our betas - solasvioletta, bubblegum1425, peetabreadgirl and fellow Outlander groupies, madambeth and court81981 for their hard work in cleaning up our writing. Also an extra special thanks to tigriss92 for her generosity in lending us her incredible manip. Her body of art is nothing short of breathtaking A final thanks to nighlockinthecave for taking that materia prima and making it into a gorgeous banner. She's made so many banners for me and is truly one of best banner-makers in the fandom and a dear, beautiful friend to me. A/N 2 - My ridiculously talented co-writer,titania522, has pretty much said it all, so I will just add that I am eternally grateful to her for letting me tag along on this adventure. Hopefully the finished product will be something that fans of both The Hunger Games and Outlander will enjoy. A huge thank you needs to go to Streetlightlove1 and Mr. Street for the tremendous amount of behind-the-scenes work that goes into S2SL, and an even bigger thank you needs to go to all of those who donated to this very worthy cause. Pediatric cancer doesn't stand a chance against us!