to keep from just grabbing his hand and putting it where she needed it to be. Haymitch lifted his head from the breast he'd be lavishing with attention and looked at her with molten eyes. "My pleasure, sweetheart." Keeping his eyes locked with hers, he let his fingers slide lower and lower until the tip of his middle finger grazed her core. The subtle touch made Effie cry out and the first waves of her orgasm began to rise within her. Haymitch repeated the action, this time letting his hand go lower until he was cupping her fully in his palm. Effie's hips strained upward, trying to increase the pressure on her sensitive nub and Haymitch responded by throwing his leg over her thighs, effectively trapping her against the couch. The idea that she couldn't move, couldn't control what was happening served to intensify the experience in Effie's mind. She was completely at his mercy but the thought didn't frighten her. If anything it turned her on more. Haymitch's fingers continued their delicious assault on her folds while his lips blazed a trail of fire from her neck to her breast and back again. It wasn't long before she was panting, her hips straining against his hand. Just as the waves began to crash over her, he slipped two fingers inside and pumped as her walls clenched around him. Effie climaxed with a high-pitched cry that ended in a low moan as Haymitch continued to stroke her sensitive flesh. Effie's thoughts were in a jumble as she came down from the high of her orgasm. Haymitch had removed his hand from her soaked panties and dragged a blanket off the back of the couch to cover them both. Between the warmth of their bodies under the blanket and her immensely relaxed state, Effie felt herself drifting off to sleep. Haymitch planted soft kisses along her temple as he stroked her jaw. "Now. That. Is. My. Idea. Of. Fun." He punctuated each word with a kiss. "Sweetheart, seeing you come apart like that…..it was the most beautiful thing I have ever seen in my sorry life." "Mmmhhhh," was all Effie could manage in response. Haymitch pulled Effie closer so she could burrow into his chest and neck. As he stroked her hair, he leaned close to her ear and whispered, "I suppose this is as good a time as any to tell you that I Fedex'd the manuscript yesterday. It's probably sitting on Seneca's desk as we speak." Effie sat up quickly, her euphoria and contentment disappearing with his words. "WHAT? You sent it yesterday? Why the hell didn't you tell Seneca or anyone at Snow? Or for that matter, why didn't you tell me when I got here?" The blanket had fallen when she sat up, revealing her breasts and the flush of anger that was coloring her entire body. Haymitch sat up next to her, his eyes never straying downward. "Well, sweetheart, you came marching in here laced up so tight that I thought your eyes would pop out and started going on about how you were here to help me get the book in on time. Not once did you actually ask me if it was done; you just assumed it wasn't and went on with your spiel." "At any point you could have told me it was done and that would have been the end. Instead, you decided to tease and embarrass me." Effie's bottom lip started to quiver as the full weight of what had just happened settled upon her. She could feel tears burning the backs of her eyes as she struggled to maintain her composure. "Now listen here," Haymitch said as he cupped her chin and turned her head back towards his. "I admit I thought it would be fun to shake you up a bit to see if you'd crack, but I never, ever intended to embarrass you, Princess. Make you take down that ridiculous uptight hairdo? Yes. Get you out of those tight clothes so you could actually breathe? Yes. Make you so hot and bothered that you beg for my touch? Ab solutely. Watch you come apart in my arms? Most definitely yes. Embarrass you? Never." Effie felt herself being pulled back under his spell but she refused to give in again. "Well," she said as she stood up and started putting her clothing back on. "Since the book has been delivered, there's no need for me to bother you any longer. I'll just gather my things and be on my way." "Whoa, hold on there," Haymitch said as he stood up from the couch. "What's the hurry? Your work may be done, but there's still plenty of time for play, sweetheart." He walked up behind her and started kissing the back of her neck as she zippered up her skirt. "I'm sorry, Haymitch, but my assignment ends with the submission of the manuscript. It was done yesterday therefore I am no longer under any obligation to remain." She buttoned her blouse as fast as she could and stuffed her belt into her leather messenger bag. She didn't bother trying to find the hairpins that she'd dropped earlier. "You can not be serious," Haymitch yelled in disbelief. "You're just going to leave? After what just happened?" Effie turned to face him pulling herself up straight and looked him in the eye. "Thank you for your hospitality. I'll be sure to let Seneca Crane know you were….more than accommodating." Having stunned Haymitch into silence, Effie turned and walked to the door. Before leaving, she turned and looked back at him. "Your feedback is greatly appreciated. All comments should be delivered….orally." Then with a smile, Effie walked out the door, knowing full well she'd see him again. Soon. A/N 2: I will be expanding it into a multi-chapter fic called "Moonshine & Mahogany" since it was such a fun prompt to write! Come follow me on Tumblr (famousfremus) for updates, sneak peeks, etc.