find that tick tick tick, time just slips away!" "I think it's time for Madge and me to cut the cake," Gale said, taking advantage of the reception schedule to make an escape. He stood up and took his new wife's hand. The cake cutting went according to plan, with Gale politely feeding his bride a few bites of cake. Madge was not nearly as delicate. She smashed the cake into Gale's mouth, smearing buttercream and fondant all over his face. After the cake came the bouquet toss. Peeta saw several women herding Katniss and Johanna toward the front while the two members of the wedding party struggled to stay out of the line of fire. Turning her back, Madge tossed the bouquet right at Katniss, who let out a little "Eep!" and scrambled backwards into several older ladies. The bouquet landed at her feet and she looked at it like it was about to bite her. Swooping in from the left, Posy grabbed the bouquet and shouted, "I got it! I'm next!" "Oh thank God," Johanna breathed. "Disaster averted for one more wedding. My official duty's done for the evening. Time to find my post wedding hookup and get this party started." The woman adjusted her boobs and made a beeline for the bar. Katniss wandered over to where Peeta was standing, asking, "How much longer do we have to stay?" Peeta looked at his watch. "It's 10:30. I think there's more dancing." "Fine." The two danced for a while, Katniss resting her head on Peeta's chest. Out of the corner of his eye, he noticed Johanna making out with the orange wigged officiant. Effie Trinket's wig was askew on the older woman's head and her lipstick was smeared all across Johanna's lips. Peeta noticed that Madge's widowed uncle, Haymitch, was watching the two women with interest. When they separated for air, the man piped up. "There room for one more?" Johanna and Effie exchanged a look. "Absolutely," Johanna smirked, holding out one hand. Haymitch took it, a wide smile crossing his weathered features. The three stumbled out of the ballroom, heading towards the elevators and who knows where. At least Peeta hoped they were heading for a room, and that they wouldn't get notification from angry hotel staff about three wedding guests having sex in the water fountain. The dancing ended and Katniss once again asked, "Is it time to go? Can we leave?" Peeta sighed and shook his head. "We've still got the afterparty to attend." Katniss swore under her breath. "Why did we sign up for this again?" "'Cause our friends hooked us up. We owe them." Katniss paused and then smiled over at Peeta. "They got off cheap." oOo Brunch the next morning was a complete one eighty from the previous two days. As if all of her nervousness and panic had melted away overnight, Madge was back to her normal sweet and bubbly personality, going around and offering thanks and apologies while giving out warm hugs to everyone present. A few people, namely Johanna and Rory, regarded Madge's sudden shift in behavior with some degree of wariness, although that could have just been the hangovers they both were sporting. Thwarted by the bartenders, Rory had still managed to get drunk by traveling from table to table, swiping unwatched drinks from people's places. Katniss was pretty sure he'd taken her champagne. When Madge reached Katniss, she wrapped her arms around the other woman and whispered in her ear, "Thank you." Katniss disengaged herself and gave Madge a look. "You're welcome?" "No, really, thank you." "Okay…" Madge patted Katniss's shoulder, then stood up straighter, clapping her hands to get everyone's attention. "Everyone! Everyone! I just want to say thank you from the bottom of my heart!" Her voice was filled with emotion and unshed tears. "If it weren't for all of you, yesterday wouldn't have been the wonderful day that it was!" Peeta leaned over and whispered into Katniss's ear, "Was she at the same wedding we were?" Katniss shushed him. Madge continued. "Gale and I were really moved by all the support we received, and we have the most wonderful news!" "It's noon and we can finally have mimosas?" Madge's Uncle Haymitch asked. Madge checked her watch and replied, "Well, yes, but that's not the news!" She paused for effect. "Gale and I are pregnant!" "So I guess this was a shotgun wedding? Awesome. I always wanted to attend a shotgun wedding. Though I always expected it would be me…" Johanna muttered. "We can still make that happen, sweetheart." "So long as I get to marry you!" Effie chirped. Everyone did a double take, not quite sure what the no longer wigged officiant meant. Everybody turned back to their meals and Katniss leaned over to Peeta. "When we get married, we're eloping." "Oh yeah!" "Do you think your parents will give us money to elope?" Katniss asked, thinking back to her conversation with Gale and remembering that Peeta's family was fairly well off. Peeta shrugged and murmured, "Don't know. We could ask them." Katniss grinned. "Great. I always wanted to be married by a real Elvis impersonator, not an orange wigged knockoff." Peeta returned her smile. "Skydiving or drive through?" Katniss reached out and planted a kiss onto his lips. "I love you, Peeta Mellark." oOo AN Written: 7/15/15 Revised: 7/30/15 Revised 2: 8/11/15 Betaread By: Dandelion Lass, JavisTG, Tanb & Amelinazenitram Cover By: Loving-Mellark Written for Fandom4LLS. This fic was based on real life events. No really. Everything that happened in the story pretty much happened to one or both of us. The details have been changed to protect the not so innocent. Considering that yes, there really was a Bridezilla raging at a tropical storm for having the temerity to ruin her wedding pictures and that there was someone who ripped their pants and had to be sewn up while still in them, let alone the other, less unusual, events. Thanks for reading!