mouse in a cat-vs-mouse game. "Do it!" he suddenly yells. "Kill me! Become the victor!" The voice is painfully familiar, and I realize that I know him. He's from District 2. We'd fought before; I was the one to give him the scar across his chest that could barely be seen through his shirt. He'd been a hero for the Capitol in the war, yet here he was, slated to die for the amusement of the masses like every other tribute. Their hero, sent to the slaughter. I'd played the Capitol's game. I'd followed their rules. I'd thrown away any pride or morals I'd managed to cling to during the war. I'd watched friends die in my arms. I'd killed children that had barely started to live. And in this moment, I know I can do it again. All it would take is a twitch of my fingers, and his life would end. I have the power over his life, and the rush is as intoxicating as it has always been. Instead, I ease the tension off the bowstring and lower the arrow till it points at the ground, slack in my grip. No more killing. No more playing. I will not dance to the Capitol's tune any longer. And just to make sure everything is perfectly clear, I finally speak, for the first time since my name had been drawn in that farce of a Reaping so long ago. "They can't have a victor from District 13." I hear the shot before the round tears through my chest. Guess the Capitol was tired of subtly trying to kill me off. There is a moment when I can see the shock on the District 2 guy's face, but then I'm falling. It feels like there is a large hole in my chest, and there probably is. Someone is yelling. The 2 guy? Shouldn't he be happy? We were the last, so this meant that he wins. He gets to go home and try to forget that the Capitol had thrown him into this butcher game to begin with. As I hit the ground, I think about my son. He'll be a year old in three days. Man, this sucks. I want to see him again; hold him one more time. I know my brother will take care of him, but still, it won't be the same. Hopefully they got to District 12 safely. It won't be the easiest life, but it will be better than living like a mouse in District 13. My child will know the sun and the forest. He'll know how to live, not just how to survive. He'll know how to hope, even if it hurts. Especially if it hurts. Above me, I see something moving in a forest that had been almost painfully still. A mockingjay. The Capitol's mistake. I hadn't seen any in the arena before, and feel a pang in my chest when I realize I can't sing to it. Or maybe I am just feeling the cavity in my chest. The bird looks down at me, standing out vividly with its black body and white markings against the deep green of the leaves. Considering their creation story, the unintentional breeding of the mockingbird and the jabberjay, it looks oddly natural. Like it had always been meant to exist, instead of being the mistake of some idiots in the Capitol and the fortune of chance. Strange, how something so beautiful can come out of something so ugly. Maybe the Games are the same way. Laying in a pool of my own blood, I can't help but feel that there is no redeemable quality in this torture that the Capitol has concocted for the District's to soothe an imagined wound. And the Games would repeat, year after year, never changing for the better. They would only get worse and worse as each Game would try to be even bigger and bloodier than the last. But maybe, just maybe, something good could come out of the Games. Maybe when the world has had time to recover and starts looking at the truth once more. Maybe when the Districts realize that they don't need to keep taking this sort of abuse. Maybe then, the Games could be the start of something good. I'm just sorry I won't live to see it. My vision is nearly gone but I can still hear the District 2 guy calling to me, though he sounds far away. At least, I think he's talking to me. He keeps saying Jay. Jay, Jay, Jay, Jay, Jay, enough already! That's not my name. Everyone thought it would be cool for the leader of the rebellion to be called the Mockingjay as a way of thumbing our nose at the Capitol, but I never agreed to that! I have a name, thank you very much. God help my brother if he gives the name Mockingjay to my son. I swear, I'll come back from the grave and kill him myself. If any name is going to be passed on, it will be my real name. Juniper Everdeen. Oh, the District 2 guy shut up. Did I say my name out loud? Oops. That wasn't supposed to happen. I take it back! The Capitol can't know my name; they'll go after my son! I take it back! "Take what back?" Startled, I open my eyes to see something I never thought I'd see again. Micheal. Isn't he supposed to be dead? Of course, he died in my arms in the arena! So why is he...? Oh, yeah. Guess I'm dead too. Micheal must have seen the moment I realized what had happened, because he smiles sadly at me. "Come on, June," he says, offering a hand to help me get up. "Let's get out of here." With a smile of my own, I take his hand and let him pull me away from everything that had happened. For me, at least, the Games are over.