Flints-a-Flaming, Five Mockingjay Pins, Four Coils of Wire, Three Switchblades, Two Pairs of Gloves, And a Partridge with Pear Jelly. Finnick checked the area one last time to make sure that the annoying tribute from Twelve wasn't standing around watching him before crossing his fingers and opening the sponsorship gift. What he saw shocked him. On top of the box were ten coils of various kinds of rope. Everything from thin hemp rope like the kind they used back home to make fishing nets to the hi-tech nylon rope that they had in the Training Center. He smiled. This gift he could use. Settling himself against a tree, he pulled out the hemp rope and started to weave, an idea forming in his mind. Even the mismatched children's shoes and sequined gloves couldn't dampen his spirit. Finnick was a tribute with a plan. oOo On the Eleventh Day of the Hunger Games, My Sponsors sent to me, Eleven Knives-a-Cutting, Ten Ropes for Leaping, Nine Shoes for Dancing, Eight Hooks for Fishing, Seven Floats for Swimming, Six Flints-a-Flaming, Five Mockingjay Pins, Four Coils of Wire, Three Switchblades, Two Pairs of Gloves, And a Partridge with Pear Jelly. For the first time in several days, Finnick didn't view the approaching sponsorship gift with dread. He needed and wanted more rope for the net traps he was constructing. Even the wire would be useful as trip wire to get the remaining tributes into his nets. His family was a fishing family, most were in Four. So he knew that sometimes the best way to catch a fish was to herd it into a trap where it couldn't escape. That was his plan now and even the pointless gifts had a use - distraction. He opened the package eagerly to get to the rope and gasped at what was inside. Eleven wickedly sharp knives gleamed up at him. Just like every other gift, they weren't matching. But in this case, it was a good thing. There were hunting knives, machetes, serrated knives, curved knives, even a boning knife, all of them sharp and deadly. Now he had weapons. Pulling a length of rope out to weave the next net, he smiled to himself. It wouldn't be long now. oOo On the Twelfth Day of the Hunger Games, My Sponsors sent to me, Twelve Arrows Shooting, Eleven Knives-a-Cutting, Ten Ropes for Leaping, Nine Shoes for Dancing, Eight Hooks for Fishing, Seven Floats for Swimming, Six Flints-a-Flaming, Five Mockingjay Pins, Four Coils of Wire, Three Switchblades, Two Pairs of Gloves, And a Partridge with Pear Jelly. His trap was ready. He'd spread several nets around the small clearing he'd staked out as his home base. There were drop nets suspended over the trails leading to his clearing in strategic spots and hidden nets tied to bent down saplings to catch anyone or anything that wandered into them. He had trip wires and choke wires set up and even a few false wires that if cut would trigger a log or other heavy object to land on whoever cut the wire. He used some of the shoes and floats as decoys to lure unsuspecting tributes into his nets. Now he just needed the tributes to come to him. He admitted it wasn't the best plan and if the remaining six tributes didn't come looking for him soon, the Gamemakers were probably going to force him to go on the move and give up his advantage. He wouldn't mind so much if he had a weapon he was proficient with, like a trident or a spear, instead of a knife. But this solution was the best he could come up with. He was a little surprised to see a sponsorship package floating his way. After the ropes and knives, he couldn't imagine what was left to send him. He opened the package and couldn't keep the confusion off of his face. Nestled on top of the knives and ropes were twelve arrows of varying lengths and composition. There were short crossbow bolts and longer arrows fletched with feathers. Twelve arrows. And no bow. He tilted his head back and yelled at the sky, "Why don't you send me a weapon I can actually use? You know, like a trident or a spear!" He didn't really expect anyone to respond. No one had the other times he'd yelled at the sponsors. But this time he heard the tell tale sound of an approaching sponsorship gift. He looked up and hanging from the parachute was a richly decorated and deadly looking trident. He grabbed it out of midair and removed the parachute. The weapon was perfectly weighted as if it had been made especially for him. He hoisted it and gave a few experimental thrusts and smiled. It wasn't a kind smile. After he ate the partridge, he was going to go hunting and no tribute was going to stand in his way. As he bit into the still warm bird, he couldn't help but feel that all of the annoying gifts and trials had been worth it. Because on the twelfth day of the Hunger Games he was going to go home. oOo AN: Written: December 7, 2013 Revised: December 25, 2013 Beta read by Rosefyre So that happened. It all started out innocently enough, while chatting with RoseFyre I hit on the idea of this fic and she, being the enabler that she is, said "DO IT!" So I did. Finnick got cast as the poor tribute who was going to get all of these gifts, mostly because he's the one who clearly got the most sponsors in canon. The items were all things that could be useful, except weren't in most cases. It's fun torturing the characters we love. The boy from Twelve wasn't planned on being a snark-monster but he just evolved. I needed someone to be the audience commentator and the Careers weren't going to do it for me. I hope you enjoyed! Happy Holidays!