a bottle of spirits. He waves and says, "Hey there Sweetheart. Teaching the boy to swim? Last I checked you didn't own a swimsuit." He laughs when I flip him off and pull Peeta into my house. I roll my eyes once the door is closed safely behind us. Peeta just laughs. "He's just joking, Katniss." I shrug. "I know, I know. He's just…too much sometimes. And by sometimes, I mean all the time." Peeta laughs again and shakes his head. Then he's staring at me, the smile gone. The next thing I know, his lips are on mine. When he pulls away, he says, "Thanks for the lessons." I stay close and speak in a low voice that matches his. "Anytime." THG I wake gasping for air. I'm already in Peeta's arms and he's rocking me back and forth, and I can't help the tears that fall from my eyes. "Shh, it's all right. I'm fine," he's whispering in my ear. I must have been screaming his name in my sleep, and I finally know how he felt whenever he would dream of me being hurt or dying. I'm shaken up and can't seem to cling to him any closer, afraid that he will vanish before my eyes. "Peeta, they were – you were –" I can't finish my sentence, and I don't want to. All I can remember is his screams, the blood. I hide my face in the crook of his neck and wrap my arms around his waist. He shushes me and lays back down, taking me with him. "Try and go back to sleep." I lift up and stare at him. His eyes are half-lidded from disrupted sleep and his lips are rosy pink. I lean in and kiss him softly, reveling in the feeling. "I'm so glad you're here," I whisper, before leaning down again. He smiles and pulls back. "I'm glad I'm here, too." He kisses me and pulls me back down to his chest, but I'm not done. I pull myself back up to face him again. "My dreams…it seems like most of my nightmares are about you. About losing you." I can feel the tears coming back, so I kiss him. He tilts his head to deepen the kiss, and I feel that thing again, the one from the beach. It's burning inside of me, and causes me to climb on top of him and press down. The moan that comes out of his mouth fuels me on. I can feel him try to pull away in embarrassment, but I simply shake my head. "No, don't stop." I can feel him pressing against me and it makes that fire burn brighter. "Oh…" He wraps an arm around my waist and switches us so that he's on top of me. He kisses down my neck and along the top line of my tank top, and all I want is for him to move down farther. He's too good, though; he will leave this up to me. I stop him and sit up, only glancing at him briefly to see his darkened eyes. With lust , I think. It's a foreign feeling to me, but not unwelcome. I pull the top off of me, and it's too late when I remember that I didn't wear a bra to bed. I push aside any insecurities and allow instinct to guide me, and I can't stop the loud gasp that comes from me when he takes one nipple in his mouth, sucking gently. He sleeps without a shirt, so I can feel his arm skin pressed against mine. "Katniss…you're beautiful." He kisses his way back up to my neck and grinds himself into me, making me groan and wrap my legs around his waist to pull him closer. I know where this is heading, and I've realized that I want it. I want him. I drop my legs and push him off gently. "Peeta, have you…have you ever done…" My words are failing me, but I was never the one with the silver tongue to begin with. He seems to understand me, though, because he shakes his head. "You're actually the first and only girl I've ever kissed. I've always been so taken with you." All I can do is nod. "Then we'll learn together." I pull him back down into a kiss, but he pulls away again. "So, you want to…" "Yes." I look him straight in the eyes, because I know he is worried that I will doubt this, doubt us , and I don't ever want him to have that worry again. I glance down and move my hands to carefully untie the drawstring on his pajama pants. This seems like all he needs, since he's taking over and taking off his pants. "That's better. Was getting a bit uncomfortable." He blushes once he realizes what he just said, but I just laugh. It helps to calm my nerves a bit, which are now running high. I let him pull down my shorts, and when his hands make their way up my thighs, I can't help but pull him back up to me into a searing kiss. Once we're ready, it takes a bit of maneuvering, and it doesn't help that we're both shaky with nerves and inexperience, but once we're together, nothing has felt as wonderful. It's something I've never experienced, something I can't compare to anything. He finishes earlier than I'm ready for him to, but I tell him it's okay. We have plenty of time to figure things out together. He lies down and brings an arm around me. I lay my head on his chest, content with breathing in his scent. "Katniss?" When I look up at him, he has a peculiar expression – it's mixed with hope and apprehension. "You love me. Real or not real?" It is this moment that I realize that there is no question of how I feel. "Real." So...yeah. Read and Review!