in a way that makes it impossible for me to untie. "Did you mean what you said before?" Suddenly all of his earlier bravado is gone. The look he gives me is cautiously hopeful, and there's a vulnerability in his voice that tugs at my heart. "About missing me?" I'm almost overwhelmed with the need to take him in my arms and show him just how much I've missed him these last five years. "God, yes." At my admission, Peeta's lips find mine again in a kiss full of longing and promises. His hands settle on my hips and he pulls me forward until our centers meet. I can feel the hard ridge of his cock pressing desperately into the wetness between my folds. I can't stop myself from rubbing against him, nearly frantic with the need to find my release yet again. My bound hands clutch his tank top, trying to pull him as close as possible. I feel him try to bat them aside and I pull away in frustration. "This no touching thing is really pissing me off. I want to feel you, Peeta. Please!" I know I sound like a petulant child but I just don't give a damn about the rules anymore. "You won't be able to come back here if I let you do that." His voice is serious but the teasing glint in his eyes lets me know he's playing with me now. "Odds are pretty good I wouldn't have come back anyway, so I don't give a fuck. Untie me. NOW." I demand, ready to gnaw the damn thing off with my teeth if I have to. "Yes, ma'am." He winks at me before untying the ribbon and unraveling it from around my wrists. There are red marks I'm going to have to explain when I go back to the table but I can't find it in me to care right now. As soon as my hands are free I plunge them into his curls and drag my nails along his scalp, earning me a grateful moan, as I pull him down for another passionate kiss. His hips begin thrusting slowly into mine, creating a delicious friction that spirals out from deep inside my body. Suddenly, it's not enough anymore. "Peeta, I want you inside me. Please!" My body is wound tighter than a spring and I am not above begging at this point. "As you wish," he whispers as he reaches behind me. I turn to see what he's doing and see him pulling a condom out of a dispenser on the side of the mirror. "Like I said, it's not discouraged," he says with a smirk. I watch in rapt fascination as he peels off his boxer briefs, freeing his straining erection, and rolls the thin latex down his shaft. He's bigger than I remember and my pulse quickens in anticipation at the sight. All concerns leave my mind as soon as he takes his cock in his hand and begins to rub the head between my folds, coating his length in my wetness. THIS is what I've been waiting for. THIS is what I need from him right now and I lean back against the mirror, opening myself up to him further. Peeta leans forward and captures my lips with his as he enters me with one hard thrust. We swallow each other's sighs as our bodies meet, and take a moment to revel in the feeling. "Katniss, I need to move." Peeta gasps, sounding as if he's in agony, which I imagine he probably is from trying to hold back. I kiss along his jaw to his ear and whisper, "go ahead," before grabbing the lobe between my teeth and tugging. Peeta moans as he grabs my ass and tilts my hips up before pulling back and thrusting again, this time hitting that spongy spot deep inside that I could never reach with my vibrator when I'd fantasize about him in my lonely bed. "Oh fuck, Peeta! Do that again!" I wail as I wrap my legs around his back and dig my nails into his shoulders. Peeta continues the slow torture, both of us trying to prolong the inevitable as long as we can. A light sheen of sweat has broken out on his body, making his golden skin shimmer in the soft light of the room. Our soft grunts and moans are the only sounds as we concentrate on the feelings we're evoking in one another. Peeta turns slightly and leans me farther back along the counter while pulling my right leg up higher against his side. This new angle allows him to free one hand to roam my body, taking his time to caress my breasts before trailing downward to rub lazy circles around my clit with his thumb. "Christ, Katniss. I've never forgotten how fucking amazing you feel." Peeta's words are all I need to push me over the edge yet again and I come with a hoarse shout. My walls contract tightly around Peeta's cock, driving him headlong into his own release with a loud moan. Peeta collapses onto his elbows, taking care to keep his weight from crushing me. We remain in this position, breathless and still connected, until he begins to soften inside me. I feel his hand reach between us to hold the condom as he pulls out and discards it in the trash. As we go about cleaning up, I can't help but wonder what will happen once we leave this room. Will he want to see me again? Do I want to see him again? And most of all, how am I going to explain my long absence from the table? The only thing I know for sure is that this small taste has whetted my appetite for more. I have a feeling this is only the beginning and that I'll never stop craving Peeta. Hopefully the feeling is mutual, but only time will tell. To be continued…