on that I end up in here, taking care of myself. Alone. " Peeta's eyes widen as he processes this new information. "Why did you invite me tonight, Katniss?" She sighs and wraps her arms around his middle, resting her head on his broad chest. "I like you Peeta, so much, and I didn't know how to tell you since I totally suck with words, and people. I had Gale get the tickets and figured this would be a good date or not really a date, depending on how things went." Peeta feels his heart, and cock, swell with her words. He gently grips her shoulders, pushing her away slightly, and sees the doubt written across her face. "Katniss," he says as he cradles her head in his large hands, "I've wanted you from the moment you walked into my Intro to Psychology class last fall. I just didn't know how to tell you, either." Katniss jumps into Peeta's arms at his confession, wrapping both legs around his waist and planting a searing kiss upon his waiting lips. He stumbles back against the door at her onslaught, happily holding her to him with an arm around her waist, and the other under her firm bottom. After what seems like an eternity of equal parts kissing, squeezing, and frantic rubbing of body parts, Katniss breaks away and lowers her wobbly legs to the ground. She slides her hands under Peeta's shirt and pushes upward, helping him remove the restricting garment. Her fingers dance over the soft fabric of his undershirt as she moves to tug it free from the waist of his jeans and remove it as well. Katniss takes her time admiring Peeta's strong shoulders and broad chest, running her finger down his breastbone and grinning at the pebbled skin left in her wake. He leans back against the cold metal door, causing his entire torso to break out in gooseflesh, including his now hardened nipples. She takes one turgid peak into her mouth, sucking it between her lips before running the tip of her tongue across his flesh. "Shit, Katniss..." Peeta sighs at the contact. His hand runs along her hair to the end of her braid, tugging off the elastic and unweaving the strands so he can bury his hands in her chocolate tresses. Katniss' hands trail down Peeta's chest, her fingertips tickling the sensitive skin of his ribs before dipping down to the buttons on the fly of his jeans. She unbuttons them, excruciatingly slow as far as Peeta's concerned, then reaches her hand inside to stroke the thick bulge visible though his dark green boxer briefs. Katniss looks up at Peeta with a wicked gleam in her eye, which he meets with a hopeful one of his own. "I've wanted to do this for so long." With that, Katniss drops to her knees and tugs on Peeta's jeans until they pool around his ankles. Peeta exhales in disbelief as she hooks her fingers around the waistband of his boxers and pulls them down as well, freeing his straining erection from its fabric prison. "Oh my God, you're huge!" She gasps in delight at the sight of his cock standing proudly before her. She takes him in her hands and leans in to take his head between her lips. "Fuck…" he breathes as she circles the tip of his cock with her tongue, paying special attention to the sensitive patch of skin just under the head. She takes him deeper into her warm, wet mouth, then sucking as hard as she can as she pulls her head back. Peeta groans at the sensation as Katniss speeds up her rhythm, alternating between taking him deep into her throat and running the flat of her tongue along the shaft. Katniss releases Peeta's cock with a 'pop' before standing up and quickly removing her own clothing. Peeta's mouth drools at the sight of her perfectly perky breasts, their dusky nipples just begging for his fingers and mouth, but she bats his hands away when he tries to reach for her. "No. Don't worry about me; this is all about you right now." She tells him as she resumes her prior position. This time though, her legs are spread, giving him a glimpse of the dark thatch of hair that hides his ultimate desire. Peeta's head lolls back against the door with a thud as Katniss takes his cock back into her mouth. He can feel a tingle at the base of his spine, signaling the end is near, and tries to think of something, anything to prolong this experience. His efforts prove to be in vain once he looks down and realizes that while Katniss' mouth has been occupied, her hands have been tending to other matters. She has a breast in one hand, the thumb and forefinger kneading her nipple, while the other hand is furiously sliding between her silky folds, centering all of the attention on the hidden jewel of nerves. "Oh holy fuck… I'm gonna come, Katniss." He warns her, giving her ample time to move away but instead she takes the hand from her breast and begins to pump his shaft in tandem with her mouth. Her eyes close in ecstasy as her orgasm rips through her body and her muffled moans vibrate along his cock, sending him speeding into the most intense orgasm he's ever had. Katniss accepts every drop of his release, before licking him clean. Peeta reaches down and grabs the hand she'd been using to pleasure herself, pulling her to a standing position before sucking her fingers into his mouth, reveling in the taste of her essence. "That was amazing, Katniss." He captures her mouth in a kiss; this one is softer and less hurried than the others they'd shared. Katniss smiles, desire still evident in her mercurial eyes. "If you thought that was something, wait til we get back to my place and I teach you what a hat trick is."