nice to us?" Bing demanded late that afternoon. Cashmere glanced over her shoulder at Bing. "Because I'm sick of being a piece in the Capitol's Games. I know who the real enemy is, and it's not you kids." The words were seditious, even treasonous, but Prim believed her. Cashmere's anger was genuine. They reached the sea on the morning of the second day. They could see other ruined cities across the way. "This doesn't look like the spot," Johanna muttered. "I think we need to head further south," Cashmere responded. "Where are we going?" Bing asked. "Someplace where we can't get snuck up on," Johanna replied. "Come on, let's move it." But Bing refused to move. "This doesn't make any sense." "You can go back if you want," Johanna said with a careless shrug. Prim shook her head. "No. You promised not to kill us. No one else promised that." "So long as you don't annoy me like your sister does." "Prim's nothing like her sister," Bing protested. Johanna rolled her eyes. "That's a good thing. I would've killed Katniss by now." Each night, they watched the sky. The soulmates seemed to die in pairs, probably protecting each other, although Prim wondered if one or two didn't kill themselves after their soulmate was taken out by another tribute. They didn't see much in the way of traps or tributes on their way south. When they reached the very tip of the land, Prim could just faintly make out a bluish-green figure in the distance. "Is that it?" Johanna asked, turning to Cashmere. "Looks about right." "Great. Let's find a place to hole up." "Is what it?" Bing demanded. "You'll find out, bread boy. You'll find out." Early in the morning on the fourth day of the Games, they did. The sound of an approaching hovercraft startled Prim and Bing awake. "Finally," Johanna snapped. "I was wondering if they'd forgotten about us." "If who had forgotten about us?" Bing demanded. "Damn it, stop keeping secrets! Just what the fuck's going on here?" Johanna smirked. "Why? Don't you know a rescue when you see one?" "A rescue? From who?" "District Thirteen," Cashmere supplied. "What? But Thirteen's destroyed." The blonde woman pointed at the hovercraft. "Tell that to them." "So, pipsqueak," Johanna snarked, "do you want to start a revolution?' oOo They play in the meadow, the dancing girl and the laughing boy. Happy. Safe. Secure. She fought hard and long so that they would have this privilege. The two children don't know they play on a graveyard. That underneath their feet lie the former inhabitants of District Twelve, including Prim's brother-in-law, Johnny, and Katniss's best friend, Gale. They died in the bombing of Twelve, retaliation by Snow for the rescue from the Quell. They were just the first. Thousands of people died, almost the entire population of Twelve. The only survivors were the two hundred people Rory and Thom managed to spirit away to the woods. The revolution was hard fought, and it left scars on all of them. Some more pronounced than others. She lost her arm during the war. Others lost so much more. After three years and many battles, Panem was free of the Capitol. A new era began, with Alma Coin as its leader. The five years Coin was at the reins could only be described as a terror. People who were seen as allies to the Capitol or disloyal to Thirteen were summarily publicly executed. Neighbors turned on each other, whispering behind their backs, "Is so and so a Capitol sympathizer?" The citizens of the Capitol, other than the avouched for rebels and spies, were executed. Children under the age of five were spared, split up to be raised in different districts, but everyone else faced the firing squad. The terror finally ended when Boggs, one of Coin's most trusted military leaders, had had enough. He managed to get close enough to her to empty his sidearm into her head. The relief that swept through Panem was palpable. And for the first time in eight years, Prim began to hope. She and Bing moved back to District Twelve along with anyone else looking for a fresh start. Katniss and Peeta were already there, with their eldest child, a boy named Gale after Katniss's lost friend. After the terror, it took a long time for Panem to heal. For Prim and Bing to heal. But together they did. When Prim announced her pregnancy, Katniss enveloped her sister in a hug and said, "That's one more thing we get to do together." Katniss's daughter and her son are as close as she and Katniss used to be. And they remind Prim of everything that they fought for, of everything that makes life worth living. They'll never have to know the terror of being Reaped or being persecuted for the words written on their skin. Prim and her family fought for these freedoms. Looking out at her family, it was worth the cost. And it all started because of five little words. oOo AN: Written: 1/27/16 Revised: 2/1/16 This is our entry for Love In Panem. We hope you liked! Much thanks to akai-echo for making the banner! After we finished Floriography, we missed Bing and Prim so much that we decided to write a soulmate fic featuring them. This is a slightly different world with different consequences. Coin got to be in power and it was reminiscent of the Terror post French Revolution. Gale did die trying to save Madge. They were soulmates in this universe and this can be seen as a sequel of sorts to "You Had Me At Hello." Albeit you may want to do what we do and state that all of these stand alone and separate… because we like Gadge. The whole your soulmate's first words being written on your skin was originated by Amusewithaview in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. If you like MCU fics, go read hers. They are awesome. Thanks for reading!