interest. "You looking to trade, girl?" I nod and pull out the squirrel. "I'll trade you this for two bottles of your white liquor." "Done," she says quickly, not even bothering to haggle. I realize I could have gotten more for the squirrel but make the trade anyway, tucking the bottles carefully into my bag. Since Sae is gone, I decide I should trade the spare rabbit to the butcher, Rooba. As I'm walking out of the Hob, one of the secondhand dealers, Jacob, waves at me to get my attention. "You got fresh meat?" he shouts across the Hob. I pause. "Maybe," I say warily. He motions for me to come over and when I do he whispers, "I'll give you coin for what you've got. Butcher's shipment hasn't come in yet and my little ones could really do with a spot of fresh meat." I consider it. It's not worth the walk back into town if he's willing to trade coin and he's given me valuable information. I pull out the smaller of the two rabbits and place it on the counter. He looks at it. "Three coin?" he asks. It's the start of a spirited bargaining session with me ending up with eight coin and a new winter coat for Prim. It's more than I could have gotten before the flu. My trading done, I head for home with the last rabbit, the herbs, the white liquor, the coat, and the money. When I get there, my mother takes the rabbit and white liquor from me gratefully, her eyes widening when she sees the coat. "You must've had a good day." "Not really. Everyone's so desperate for fresh meat." I pause. "Except for the bakery for some reason." My mother's eyes narrow but she doesn't say anything about the bakery. Instead she says, "I think Madge is going to recover." I allow the change of subject and say, "That's good. I'm surprised the Mayor didn't get Capitol medicine for her." "There's no medicine to get," my mother says absently. "The Capitol and other districts have been hit too so there's nothing coming out to Twelve." "Where'd you hear that?" "I overheard the Mayor and Cray talking. It sounds like there's an epidemic going on." That's bad , I think to myself, but I refrain from saying anything because Prim comes in, babbling about a mouse Buttercup caught. She's even more attached to that blasted cat now that Lady is dead. Right around the same time the flu started Lady got sick and she died a few days later. My mother refused to let us butcher her for meat, saying that we didn't know what killed her. I kind of miss the scarred goat. I stop Prim. "I've got something for you," I say and hand over the coat. Her eyes widen. "Thank you." She shrugs off my old winter coat that's threadbare at the elbows and slips the new one on. It's too big for her, but that gives her room to grow. I slip the coins and herbs to my mother and take the rabbit over to the counter to start butchering it for a stew. oOo The next two days I spend more and more time out in the woods hunting and gathering what I can. The pickings are still sparse but everyone in Twelve is so starved for fresh meat that I get good prices for everything I catch. The good deals from my trade are offset by the news that I hear from town. More and more people are dying, including Delly Cartwright, who was quite possibly the nicest person ever to exist. I hear rumblings that there's no way that the mines will be able to make their quota and that the Capitol is unwilling to accept the Mayor's excuses for the shortage. Things are getting even more dire. One bright point occurs when Madge comes by and gives my mother a gold pin in the shape of a mockingjay as a thank you for saving her life. My mother gives it to me, saying that every woman should have some jewelry and she already has some, motioning to her locket and wedding ring. It feels weird to take the brooch and I consider selling it, but I decide that I don't want to upset Madge. Besides, the second-hand traders aren't paying much for jewelry at this point. The first day of spring, I'm butchering a turkey when I hear a knock at the door. My mother answers it to reveal Gale on the other side. He looks haggard, with dark circles and bloodshot red eyes, like he hasn't slept in days. "Gale, what's wrong?" My mother asks. He leans heavily against the door frame. "Posy. My mom." He draws a ragged breath. "They're dead." oOo AN: Written: 1/20/15 Revised: 1/20/15 Hello! We're back. This time with a Hunger Games fic. As you can see, it's gonna be AU and you can see the point of divergence. The title of the fic comes from an old African American Spiritual while the title of the chapter is from a children's rhyme from 1918 that goes: I had a little bird, Its name was Enza, I opened the window In 'flu' Enza. It was a pretty broad hint of what was going to happen in this chapter. Although not as broad of a hint as the working title of "Rocks Fall Everyone Dies" which is seriously what we wrote this under. The illness itself is based on the Spanish Flu of 1918 with slightly different symptoms but a similar death rate and origin story. If you want scary, go look at the stats of that disease. It puts many other epidemics to shame. FanficAllergy wants to apologize that she doesn't mean to keep writing fics with serious world ending diseases. It's just a convenient plot device that works within the confines of the world. We look forward to hearing what you think of this!