continue to work her breasts, swirling the feathers around and around, back and forth. She starts to move her hips slightly, as if mimicking the movement of the feathers. I run them down her stomach and brush them lightly over her, which earns me a gasp and a shudder as Katniss works to keep the pennies between her fingers. I decide she's had enough of the feathers and pick up the vibrator, turning it on and running the tip across her lips. I can see her eyebrows shoot up over the blindfold as I run the cylindrical tube down her chin and throat. Her breath is starting to come faster and I know she's getting close to another orgasm so I run the vibrator over her breasts. " Ahhh!" she cries out from the sensations, "Peeta, I can't take much more. My arms are starting to hurt, please, don't make me wait much longer." She's practically begging for me to end the game and bring her to completion. Part of me wants to stop, to let her have her relief, but the slightly twisted part likes having this power over her and wants to draw it out as long as possible. I decide to give in to my twisted side and run the vibrator down her stomach, heading straight to core. She begins arching her hips up in anticipation and I pull back saying, "Oh no, you're too eager. Stand still like a good girl and I'll give you what you want. Try to come to fast and I'll take your toy away." Katniss actually growls at me in frustration, but listens and stays perfectly still. I can see a slight tremor starting in her arms and I know I can't draw this out much longer. " There's a good girl," I tell her and resume my downward journey with the vibrator. I rub the tip lightly over her and then slide it up and down. I continue this sweet torture for a moment, causing Katniss' breath to hitch. " Do you want me inside you, Katniss?" I ask her as I circle her sensitive nub once again with the vibrator. " Yes," she answers. " Yes, what, Katniss?" I reply. She grits her teeth in frustration and then says in a sugary-sweet voice, "Yes, Peeta, I want you inside me. NOW." " I thought you'd never ask," I reply, dropping the vibrator and ripping off her blindfold. She's so startled by this that she lets the pennies fall from her fingers to the rug below. I know this should be the end of the game, that she technically lost, but we're both so far gone that stopping now would cause serious bodily harm. I turn Katniss so she's facing the bed and then lift her by the waist, placing her on the edge of the bed on her hands and knees. Before she even has a chance to react I plunge my hard length into, right to the hilt. We groan at the sensation and I pause before moving, both to give her time to adjust and for me to just enjoy feeling her sweet warmth all around me. Slowly, I pull back, not quite all the way out and then slide back in, holding Katniss' hips in place. I do this again a few times and then reach around to circle my index finger around her most sensitive spot. Katniss begins to moan and press back against me as I thrust faster and harder, my index and middle finger working her nub to bring her to the edge. " Harder, Peeta, harder!" she yells, "That's it, right there…..oh my GOD! Yes! Yes! YES!" she screams as she comes, her walls clamping down repeatedly on me. She's still yelling, but it's just high-pitched sounds now, no words are coming out. I pull out and flip her over so that she's on her back and then pull her to the edge. I balance one knee on the bed, pushing her leg up and over my shoulder and then plunge back into her. She feels so tight this way; it never fails to get me off. In fact, it only takes a few thrusts before I'm shouting to the heavens as well. " Oh my God, Katniss. That was fantastic!" I pant as I collapse on top of her. " Mmmph," she replies, clearly beyond speech at this point. I know my weight on top of her can't be comfortable, so I pull out and roll of and lay on the bed beside her. My hand finds hers and I bring it up to my lips, kissing each finger before settling our hands on my stomach. " Remind me to send Johanna a thank you card," she says after a few moments and we both erupt into a fit of laughter. XXX A short time later, Katniss and I are sitting on the couch watching the countdown to midnight on the television. We're wrapped in fluffy robes having taken a leisurely shower together, which naturally led to round three. As a result, we're both feeling pretty boneless and exhausted lying on the couch, me behind and Katniss pressed up against my front. As the last few seconds of the year slip by, I think back to everything that's led to this moment and I know without a doubt, I wouldn't have changed a thing. I sit here now with the woman I love in my arms, thoroughly sated and happy. " Five…Four…Three…Two…One…HAPPY NEW YEAR!" we hear the announcer say on the television amid the shouts of the crowds. Katniss rolls over to face me and gives me a kiss, then says, "Happy New Year, Peeta." I kiss her back and say, "Happy New Year to you too, Katniss." As we gaze into each other's eyes, I feel the sudden urge to revive our old game and ask her, "You love me. Real or not real?" Without hesitation she answers, "Real". FIN