yeah?" Gale said, standing up so abruptly that he knocked the chair over. "Come at me, bro." Peeta did. Lunging at the bigger man, Madge's cousin wrapped his arms around Gale in a classic wrestling move. Gale kicked out with his feet and pushed himself away from the other man, swinging at him wildly with his fists. "Fight! Fight! Fight!" the twins chorused in unison. "I am not letting you expose my children to violence!" Effie exclaimed, grabbing one twin while Nick grabbed the other. They left the room. Delly turned to Madge. "Oh dear! What should we do?" She wrung her hands. "Someone'll get hurt!" "Yeah, hopefully that asshole fiance of yours," Katniss snapped at Madge. "Maybe he was a little out of line," Madge admitted. "He's normally such a gentleman!" "Maybe it's the liquor talking," her Uncle Haymitch suggested with a twist to his lips. "I'm sure that's it. I know you'd never pick a man who treated you poorly," Delly said. The two boys were still going at it, knocking over several more chairs. "Alright, why don't you two take it outside?" Uncle Haymitch suggested. "Before ya give my sister-in-law a heart attack." With Haymitch herding them, the two managed to battle their way through the front door and out into the autumn cold. There, Peeta was able to gain the upper hand, knocking Gale to the ground into a pile of leaves. Twisting Gale's arm behind his back, Peeta sat on him. "Apologize to my fiancee! Or I'll break your arm!" The dark-haired man struggled to get free to no avail. "I said apologize!" "I apologize," Gale gasped out. Peeta stood up, shoving Gale's face into the ground. "Now get outta here!" her cousin declared. "If I ever see your drunk ass face again, I'll kick your ass. And next time, I won't be nice." Madge hurried over to her fiance. "Oh! Darling! Are you okay?" She gently touched his arm and cheek. Gale sat up, brushing the leaves off. "Yeah. I'm fine. I guess I know when I've been beat. Come on, Madge. We're leaving." Shooting an apologetic glance at her parents, Madge darted back inside, grabbing her purse and Gale's leftovers, before rushing back out. Her parents stopped her at the door. "Madge, honey, you don't need to go with him," her father said. "If you want a ride back to the city, I'm sure one of your cousins would be happy to take you." "I can't, Daddy. I've gotta go! He'll leave me if I don't." "Would that really be so bad, sweetie?" her mother asked. Summoning up every ounce of acting she had in her, Madge batted her eyes at her parents. "I love him, Daddy! I can't live without him!" She ran across the street. "I'll send you an invitation to the wedding!" she called out, opening the door and getting in. Once she was inside the car, Gale grinned over at her. "So. Is that pretty much what you were hoping for?" Madge grinned back, giving him a quick hug. "Yeah. It was perfect. But I'm pretty sure you should at least let me drive to the end of the block. I don't want them to call the cops on you for drunk driving." "Right. Gotta keep up the image." They switched seats. Glancing back at the group assembled on the front lawn, Madge observed the disappointed expression on her father's face. Madge drove just far enough to make sure that their ruse wouldn't be discovered before letting Gale take over again. After all, she was the one who'd been drinking, not him. He drove them to the 24 hour diner that they'd seen on the way in, declaring that he wanted a real dessert with lots of whipped cream. Not really wanting the holiday to end, Madge quickly agreed. "Thanks for grabbing my leftovers. Dinner really was delicious," he said once they'd gotten their drinks. "You know," he said, smiling at her, "I actually had a good time." Madge felt a little flutter in her chest. "Yeah. Me too." "You know, your family's not as bad as I was expecting," he said, taking a sip of his coffee. "I like that cousin of yours. Peet's alright. And Delly's a real gem. Most of the rest of them are a little stuck up, but they're not so bad once you get to know them." It was as good of an opening as any and Madge decided to take it. "So," she said, glancing down at her hot chocolate, "what are you doing for Christmas?" Gale reached out and tilted her chin up to look her in the eye. "Baby, I thought you'd never ask," he said before capturing her lips in a kiss. oOo AN: Written: 11/11/15 Revised: 11/15/15 Revised 2: 11/20/15 Betaread by: DandelionLass and Amy This story was inspired by an article about a felon offering himself as a thanksgiving date. We were reading it last Thanksgiving and discussing, while cooking the turkey, whether it would work for the Hunger Games fandom. We immediately ruled out Everlark, but Gadge was an excellent choice. So the song Gale was quoting about killing a man down in Reno just to watch him die, is "Folsom Prison Blues" by Johnny Cash. It was featured very prominently in the movie "Walk the Line" and is one of Cash's best known songs (after "Ring of Fire" and "I've Been Everywhere"). So the rosemary/oregano thing? Yeah, that actually happened last year. FanficAllergy's mom went out and bought oregano specifically for the Thanksgiving turkey because she thought that was the herb FanficAllergy uses when she makes her turkey. And then she decided to be helpful and started cooking the gizzards and making the stock with it. Yeah. The fruit and cheese turkeys are also a thing. RoseFyre and FanficAllergy actually assembled them last year for Thanksgiving. There'll be pictures up on RoseFyre's tumblr (rosefyrefyre) - eventually. Thanks for reading! We hope you enjoyed! Happy Thanksgiving!