plan since the film rights were sold to Lionsgate two years ago; in fact, Haymitch demanded that it be written into the contract that the release of the book would coincide with the opening of the film. As of now we are less than 6 months from the movie's premiere and we haven't even seen an outline, let alone a rough draft of the book." He took another deep draught of coffee, and ran his hands through his hair again. Effie waited quietly for him to continue, certain that her part in this would be revealed in due time. "As you know, Cornelius Snow is not the most patient man. He is giving me 10 days to get the manuscript in this office before he cashes in on our agreement." He looked directly at Effie for the first time. "The deal we made stipulated that if there were any issues with the release of any of the books, I would repay all of the money Snow Publishing lost on the promotion, printing, royalties, everything. $4.45 million has been spent on publicity for the release of the final book in the series, both in print and on television. Not to mention at least another $1 Million from the advance purchases made online. If we don't go to print in the next 2 months, I will have to repay Snow Publishing all of that money and knowing Snow, he'll charge me back interest." The gravity of the situation was not lost on Effie. Seneca would be ruined financially, and professionally, if the manuscript was not submitted by the deadline. Snow would see to it that Seneca never found work in the publishing field again. "Has there been any reason given for the delay?" Effie asked him. "Of course not," Seneca replied with exasperation evident in his voice. "His attorneys just keep saying Mr. Abernathy is working and cannot be disturbed. We have no way of contacting him directly, and the way his contract is structured we have no leverage to use against him to force him to comply." Effie sat back in the plush leather chair, and considered the situation for a moment, rolling the facts over in her mind as she often did when trying to solve a particularly hard puzzle. "So, you want me to go to him in person and see what the problem is with the manuscript and then do what is needed to make sure it's turned in by the deadline." She stated this directly, no hint of a question in her voice. "Do you know where he is?" Seneca closed his eyes, and took a deep breath before answering. "As I said before, his attorney will not divulge his whereabouts, and we have no direct contact information." Effie wasn't concerned about the lack of an address. She'd once found an author who'd been missing for several months and had missed his deadline for submission. He'd been camped out in an RV parked in a remote area of Yellowstone National Park, working his ham radio to spread conspiracy theories about the impending end of the world. It only took her a few days to find him, and only several more to convince him to shave off his mountain-man beard and rejoin civilization. The subsequent book went to press a few weeks late, but the sales of the sensational apocalyptic novel more than made up for the overage costs. "Not a problem. I'll put out a few feelers and see what intel I can dig up and proceed accordingly. Don't worry Seneca, I will escort that manuscript here before the 10 days are up." Effie said this in her most confident tone, which did little to reassure Seneca. He chewed a couple more antacids then stood up, prompting Effie to do so as well. He came around the desk and took both of her hands in his. He looked at her with bloodshot eyes, from lack of sleep or the whiskey laced coffee she wasn't sure. "Effie, you are my last hope. Do this for me and I'll owe you for the rest of my life." She smirked and looked back at Seneca with her eyebrow raised. "Isn't that how you got into this mess in the first place?" Her remark caught him off-guard and he looked confused for a moment before her words trickled through his jumbled thoughts. Once he understood she was teasing him, he actually managed a weak smile. "Where were you 15 years ago when I could have used your sage advice?" She chuckled and squeezed his hands in a friendly gesture. "Don't worry, Seneca. I'll get this done for you." With that, he released her hands and she went back to her office to rearrange her schedule, finish off some last minute details and set her autoreply so any calls or emails would be redirected to her mobile phone. Effie began her search by digging around online some more and managed to find archives from the town in Kentucky where Haymitch was rumored to own land. Reviewing the local newspaper's online archive led her to the public notice of sale from when he'd purchased the land 20 years earlier from the Estate of A. Everdeen. The land was located in a small town called Gudgel in Anderson County, Kentucky. Gudgel was located east of Lawrenceburg, which just happened to be home to the Wild Turkey Bourbon distillery. "Not far from a distillery? Seems like the perfect place for someone rumored to be a moonshiner." she said to herself, "Well, that's as good a place to start as any." With a plan starting to form in her mind, Effie used a popular travel website to book a flight to Lawrenceburg. It would leave the city later that evening and would, after several connections, put her in the Blue Grass State by 9:00 the next morning. She printed her boarding pass, then closed up her office and headed home to pack for her next adventure.