chance at winning" She and her pack stormed the cornucopia later, killing the resident tributes and burying them in the snow. Three cannons. She barely registered the last one, something plunged into her neck. The last pack member must have just returned. He was mad. And she had let her guard down. They had thought they were safe for now. "LILY!" She heard Killa calling after her, stabbing her killer. It was so faint, though she knew they were screaming. 5. 5 cannons had gone off now. The last one took her with it. She felt light. She began falling. She saw her body being carried away above her. She hit the ground above the cornucopia hard. She stood up. But was plunged back into the darkness. She awoke later in the day, snow packed against her neck, feeling sore. Just a dream. I'm not really dead. "Killa!" she cried out, wondering where her friend was. There was no response. "Jared?" Still no response. "Shhh…" A warm body began rocking her back and forth. "Della?" She asked "They're gone, Lily. I'm so sorry." She could feel the warm tears falling down her face and into her hair. SHe could feel him choking back tears himself. "Mika…" "I'm here Lily. Jared asked me to save you. I just wish I could've saved him too." "You two were really close" "He...He was like a brother. We grew up together. His folks were abusive and I...I took him in" She could feel the sobs wracking his body, tears hitting her face. She knew he needed to tell someone that. And he had just told the whole nation. "I can't go back there without him, Lily. I...I don't know…." She reached up and touched his face. "I'm so sorry Mika" "He would've wanted you to win. He would've wanted you to win. I was never in it to win it. I was there to save him. And I guess I failed at that, huh?" He sniffed, "He told me to save you. I won't...I can't let him down on his final wish, I just can't." "But you should win. So his memory lives on!" "Oh, Lily. It's too late for that." That sentence was said with a little too much resignation, a little patronizing. Just like she couldn't possibly understand. "Mika, how many tributes are left?" "Two" "Oh." The gravity of the situation was setting in. Mika was setting her up to win. And that meant…She knew what he had meant earlier. "MIKA!" She could feel the tears brimming in her eyes. Had he been keeping them alive just to keep Jared's wish? Did he love Jared so much to keep all of them alive, just so Jared could have is way? He was their protector. And now she understood, that if even one of them one, Jared could rest happy. She gasped as she felt Mika's hand slip from under her. She slapped at it without thinking. She knew from the twist that she had knocked a knife out of his hands. She saw a glint of silver. Her face had a pained expression of understanding on it. "Don't. Please. He wouldn't have wanted it this way" He smiled, showing her his red and orange stained mouth. She looked at the hand she had slapped, then at hers. Blood...his blood. He had slashed his wrists to keep himself alive long enough to make sure she won, to make sure she would wake up. The knife had just been to make sure she knew he wasn't murdered. "Mika…." Tears streamed down her face. "Thank you" It didn't seem like enough, it would never, could never seem like enough. She wanted to have time to make a proper goodbye, tell him thanks for saving her multiple times. For his last sacrifice. "Thank you" She said again, as she felt his chest shudder, rise, and fall against hers. She slowly moved, as not to hurt herself again, reopen the wound. She lay him down in the snow, tried to make him look dignified. She shook her head. It was not befitting of him. She dragged to body inside the cornucopia cave, next to Jared. The two 'Brothers' would depart together. Crying, she made her way outside again. She lay in the snow, wondering just how easy it would be to scrape the fallen fallen knife out of the snow and use it on herself . She heard herself be called the winner. She felt herself being picked up from the snow. She stood in the claw, perching on the sides. She knew the metal frame was shaking under her. Or maybe it was her legs that were shaking. Well, at least if she fell, it would acomplish the same task she set out to do. Just….a little less dignified. "Thank you all. And goodbye" She smiled into the camera watching her ascent. And she jumped. The hovercraft lurched suddenly to try and catch her. A capitol paratrooper dropped out and caught her by the arm, slowing her fall drastically. She felt like it was ripping her apart. She gasped as it plunged a syringe into her neck. She awoke with a start in a hospital bed. She quickly learned they had cut the footage after she stood up and said thank you to the audience. They had known something was wrong. Months later, she was working with a psychiatrist. She lived in a safe room built for her in the capitol after she tried to kill herself multiple times. She hadn't seen her family yet. She was scared. She pet her dog, Mika, absentmindedly. She had gotten him to help with her panic attacks and PTSD. She was doing better. She would be going home soon. She wasn't sure she wanted to. She stood up, accidentally stepping on Mika's paw. "I'm sorry Mika" She mumbled, bending over to make sure her dog was alright. She could've sworn she heard a faint response of "I'm sorry too".