to have to do this again. Or else Prim's got to take out tesserae. I can't let her do that. I promised my father I wouldn't, and I need to keep that promise. I put all but one coin back in my pocket. I don't want to let anyone see how much money I have. I'm not afraid of being robbed, but I don't want to be taken advantage of just because I have coin instead of something to trade. Also, everyone knows what this much coin means, and I can't risk someone reporting me to the Capitol representative. She'd send someone out to investigate and they'd find my mother. We'd end up in the Community Home for sure. The back door to the bakery opens, distracting me from my thoughts. I see the baker's youngest son heading towards the pigs, an old flour sack filled with something in his hand and a few burnt loaves underneath his arm. I don't think I make any noise, but something makes him start. He whirls, his eyes meeting mine in shock. We stand like that for several moments. He's dressed in a tight white t-shirt and faded jeans, a dirty white apron wrapped around his waist. I never realized just how muscular he was. Yeah, I've seen him hoisting hundred pound bags of flour around like it was nothing, but now, with most of his arms bare, I can see the muscles straining under the thin fabric of his shirt. I don't know why I've only just noticed this. "Katniss?" he says, like he's not sure it's really me. I brush away my tears and lift my chin defiantly. "Yeah." "What are you doing here?" "What does it look like?" He takes a few hesitant steps forward. "Are you okay?" I refuse to answer that question. Instead I ask, "What time do you open?" He pulls out a pocket watch and checks. "Fifteen minutes." I shiver. The snow's starting to seep through the thin leather of my boots and my legs feel frozen underneath my dress. I wish I'd worn pants, but I wasn't sure what Cray would like. "Katniss…" He takes a few more steps. "You're crying." "It's none of your business." Why doesn't he go back inside? Why can't he leave me alone? I'm just here for some bread. I don't need pity or, worse, mockery. "Did somebody hurt you?" I see his eyes narrow as he takes in my appearance. My dress hangs loosely on my body and the thin fabric tore when Cray undressed me hurriedly. To his credit, the old Peacekeeper did his best not to hurt me, but my mother's dress was old and worn and unfortunately couldn't stand up to his attentions. I can tell the baker's son sees it, because his eyes widen. "No, please Katniss, no." "I said it's none of your business." "Why? Why did you go to him?" There's only one reason girls go to Cray. He should know that. I'm not going to say it out loud. I can't. Instead, the enormity of what's happened crashes down on me and I'm unable to stop the tears from overflowing. "I'm sorry, Katniss, I'm, I'm…" He thrusts the things in his arms at me. "You take this." "I've got money," I whisper brokenly. He shakes his head. "No, no these aren't good enough to sell. I mean, I was gonna give them to the pigs anyway. I can't take your money for pig slop." "I don't need charity." "Please, Katniss. Let me help you." "Why are you doing this, Peeta?" He freezes when I say his name. "I… I… I can't tell you." "Why not?" "I should think it's obvious!" "Well it's not!" I counter. "You don't even know me, why are you trying to help me?" "Because I want to. I need to. I need to do something. Please." He pushes the bread at me. "Please let me." I take it, trying to give him the coin in my hands. He pushes the money away. "I'm gonna fix this. You won't have to go to him again," he tells me earnestly, his eyes pleading with me. "I promise." "It's none of your concern." "It is my concern. I need to do this, Katniss. Please. I'll fix this. I'll make it better." I give him a look. "How?" "I don't know. I'll think of something. Just give me a little time. Please. Don't go to Cray again." I shrug noncommittally, I don't want to go to Cray again but I will if I have to. Peeta takes my silence for acceptance. "Trust me. I'll find something." He shakes his head and laughs bitterly. "At least one good thing came of this." I narrow my eyes. "What?" "I finally worked up the courage to talk to you." oOo AN: Written: 9/18/15 Revised: 9/24/15 Betaread by: amelinazenitram This was written for Prompts in Panem. So we're headcanoning that signing up for tesserae constitutes a legal and binding contract. In the U.S. you cannot enter into a contract if you are under the age of majority which is eighteen for most things. So in the Districts in Panem, twelve is the age of majority. Twelve year olds can get jobs, sell goods and services, enter into contracts, and get married. However, just like in the U.S. there are some exceptions that you have to be older than twelve to do: get government provided housing, work in the mines, or live by yourself without some kind of working age adult. Canon supports this in that Katniss signs up for tesserae without ever having a parent involved. Same with Rory later. No one bats an eye when Katniss and Peeta announce they've gotten married at seventeen. While being a Victor could be an exception to any of these (especially living alone - Haymitch, Johanna, and Peeta all do after their Games), we don't know. So we're going to play. ^_^ We hope you enjoyed! Thanks for reading!