where I want to be…" She leans in, but I close the gap between our lips. It's sweet at first, chaste and innocent. As she presses her body against mine and breaks the kiss, her shell suddenly cracks causing her chest to heave with a desperate sob. All I can do is hold her close as she cries over a break up for the first time since I met her. Yet I know these tears aren't for only Gale; they're for Neck Tattoo, How Does He Have Two Gauges in His Ear, Cato, Tribal Armband, Yankees Hat, and all the others she's tried to distract herself with. God, how have we been so stupid? "Shhh… Katniss, it's okay. Let it all out." The storm quits in the afternoon and by some miracle, PECO has the power on before the sun goes down. Two days later, everything Katniss owns shows up on the doorstep along with a letter from Gale wishing her well and threatening my life if I hurt her. He would be leaving for Denver after the New Year. New Year's Eve arrives and Finnick talks us all into going out to the bar. Katniss and I manage to hide away from the rest of the group until midnight. The whole bar counts down from thirty and when we reach the New Year, I kiss her as if no one's watching. "Come on, he's going to choke," Finnick taunts. As we snap apart, he hands us each a beer. "To new beginnings," he toasts. The four of us tap the bases of our bottles together. Katniss gives me a sheepish smile before taking a sip. Two Years Later I can't hear a thing, as my mind is too focused on the closed doors. Any second now, any second… My eyes go to my family. My mother is holding on to my father's hand for dear life, while my two brothers and Finnick are at my side. The first one to come through the door is Annie, followed by Katniss' younger sister, Prim. Finally I see her, dressed in the same white gown her mother wore when she married her father. Her uncle, Haymitch Abernathy, holds onto her like she's going to float away. When she finally reaches the altar, Katniss hands Prim her bouquet. "You kept your promise…" she tells me quietly. "To show up on time?" She shakes her head. "No. When we were kids, you told me you were going to marry me one day… and here we are…" We're talking through the opening prayer, not that either of us really mind. "Amen…" we say with the rest of our witnesses. I take her hand and wink before kissing her engagement ring. She blushes a little and smiles, "Ribbit." Her musical laughter echoes off the walls of the church, disrupting our wedding ceremony. It took us about five minutes to become friends, a handful of years to fall in love, though we were too young to know. Sixteen years to start sleeping together, the easiest and most logical alternative to telling someone how you feel. Almost six years for our agreement to fall apart, and only a few short weeks to put the puzzle that was our friendship back together. I finally had Katniss in my arms. Once we felt what it was like to be together without restraint, we knew there was no turning back. It took eight months for me to find the courage to propose to her. She needed a few days to think it over, having left someone practically at the altar less than a year earlier. She showed up at the radio station two days after my initial proposal, worming her way through security, still wearing her lab coat from work. When she told me 'yes', I almost interrupted 'Bulls On Parade' by Rage Against the Machine to tell all of Greater Philadelphia. It took a year and a half to get Katniss to walk down the aisle. I know there's been pain and confusion in our past. I know everything would have been much more simple if we had been brave enough to tell each other how we felt years ago. But truthfully, I wouldn't change a damn thing if it meant not ending up right here. Notes: Remember you can leave your complaints in your head or in my askbox or at Falafelwaffelfics SEPTA: South Eastern Pennsylvania Transport Authority. They're how we get from point A to point b in Philadelphia and the greater Philadelphia region. Taxi's exist but you can't really hail them too well. Reading Terminal Market: It's pronounced red-ing. I could write an entire essay on this. Reading Terminal Market is the greatest thing in Philadelphia. I mean the historical landmarks are nice, and the Mütter Museum, and the Franklin Institute but you can get any food you could ever want at Reading. Like any food. Ever. EVER! WMMR: 93.3. Amazing radio station. This is Peeta's work. MMRBQ: Gigantic kickass one day music fest. Last year I got amazing weed from a guy there, but that's not the story. Camden: Don't go there. Seriously, don't go there unless you're going to the Aquarium, the Susquehanna Bank Center, or the USS New Jersey. Jersey Driver: Fuck them. Sitar India: Amazing Indian restaurant right near the campus of U Penn. Best buffet I've ever been to, except the woman got angry at me once for drinking too much soup. Market-Frankford (MFL): Part of SEPTA, a little sketchy at times but then again most of SEPTA gets sketchy at times. Phillies: GODS Eagles: Who? Flyers: My personal Jesuses The 6ers: Don't exist Finnigan's Wake: Pretty good Irish Pub themed bar, gets a little loud and clubby though, good drink specials. Yuengling: We Pennsylvanians love this beer. Not sure why, it's just kind of beer. Wawa: It has everything, and it's amazing. Best hoagies ever. Cheep and delicious. PECO: Pa electric company. They will leave you in the dark for days.