at her belly and says, "Don't listen to Uncle Peeta. He's crazy.") Then I bundle up in my black alpaca overcoat and go out into the snow. My balance is off again, so I'm mostly looking at my feet when Claudia calls out, "There she is!" I look up and see Katniss coming out with Cinna, Effie, and her preps. She's wearing a white fur coat, and her hair seems dark against it. She suddenly breaks away from her group and runs toward us. I barely have time to brace myself before she runs into me, and bracing myself hasn't helped-her momentum carries us down into the snow, and she's kissing me. It's the same kind of empty kiss she gave me in the arena, but I still respond to it. She's still beautiful, still... Trembling. I put my hand on the back of her neck to steady us, and I can feel her buzzing like the fence around the district. I chance opening my eyes, and see that hers are also open, and they look as wide and terrified as they did that day in the rain, when she was starving to death. I pull her closer and kiss her again, and I feel her relax a little bit. She pulls away and brushes my hair out of my eyes, then stands up and offers her hand to help me. Once I'm up, she links her arm companionably through mine and leans on me, and I am confused again. Not about whether or not she's putting on an act for the cameras-she is-but about the trembling. I think about what Portia said, about trouble. But it's not really her fear that confuses me. It's the way she relaxed when I touched her. The way she is holding tightly to my arm, and looking up with what I'm sure she means to be adoration, but is coming off more as relief. Like it matters to her whether or not I kiss her. I keep her steady as we walk to the train. There isn't a chance to talk during a long, delicious meal (Katniss eats like she will never see another) with Haymitch, Effie, and the stylists, after which we're all whisked off to our sleeping cars. Portia doesn't bother trying to get me to sleep in anything other than workout pants and a tee shirt. I lie awake for a long time, finally going to sleep in the small hours. Kersey Green walks me through the arena in my dreams, trying to help me find Katniss, who is in a lot of trouble. I wake up when the train stops for refueling, but I don't think I'm really conscious. I look out the window and see Katniss talking to Haymitch, and both of them look very serious. I feel I should go out and ask what they're planning, but then Kersey is in my head again, and I am pulled back into the nightmare. We see Katniss, finally, trapped in the net that killed Rue, and Kersey tells her, "You could do worse, you know." She reaches over to me and rips my heart out of my chest, and says, "Really, it's perfectly good. Why not take it?" Katniss screams "No" and flails to cut herself free, and for some reason, I can't seem to help her. I wake up, biting my arm to keep from screaming, and roam the train until just before dawn, when I see Katniss's preps drag themselves out of their compartment and duck back into my own. I fall asleep, and this time, I'm alone, and I can't find Katniss anywhere. It's lunchtime when I get up, and I join the stylists, Effie, and Haymitch. My prep team isn't up yet, and Katniss's is apparently still involved in a major make-over. She finally makes her way in, looking worn down and sick, and I think about what Jonadab said, about her actually being my friend. And maybe about me actually being hers. I try to engage her in conversation, but for some reason, she won't even look at me. It's like school all over again, trying to catch her eye in the hall. She has a bowl of broth, but she's barely touching it, which isn't like her at all. I look at Haymitch, who looks back rather blankly. I know he knows something, which, as usual, he's not telling. Everyone goes on with the conversation as if nothing is wrong. I lie about how easy it is to sleep on the train. Everyone else seems to be telling the truth about it. Katniss stares at her soup. Suddenly, the train comes to a stop. A server comes in and tells us that we will be at least an hour fixing some kind of problem. Effie goes pale (which is hard to see under her make-up) and grabs the schedule, scrambling to figure out how we're going to get everything in. I feel like I should try to calm her down-she's been very good to me since the Games ended-but I can see Katniss getting more and more tense with every schedule adjustment. She looks like she's going to start screaming at any moment. Or crying. What she finally does is snap "No one cares, Effie!" She looks around defiantly. I don't think anyone quite knows what to say. "Well, no one does!" She looks around at us again, then storms out of the dining car. A moment later, an alarm goes off. "She's gone off the train," Cinna says, looking perplexed. Effie is staring at her schedule again, trying not to cry. Haymitch is watching after Katniss. "She's not going anywhere," he says. "Let her get the steam out of her head." Effie grimaces. "Haymitch, you know she's not allowed to wander out here alone. It's not permitted!" He sighs and rubs his head. "Fine. I'll get her." I stand up. "No," I say. "I will. I think we need to talk anyway."