He helps Haymitch undress, gets a cloth, cleans him up, and gets him to lie down in the bed to get some rest. "You can leave if you want," Haymitch slurs, barely intelligible due to tiredness and alcohol consumption. "I can't," Seneca says, sitting down on the empty side of the bed. "I never could." Haymitch reaches out to take his hand, and Seneca gently squeezes his fingers. "It's going to be okay," he says, but Haymitch's already fallen asleep. It's the first time in his life that Seneca wishes he was living in a District. That way, he could be with Haymitch all the time, and make sure he drinks less, and gets up in the morning, and has proper meals. He sighs. They are what they are and there's no changing it. These Games, the 74th, are different. It's a year before the Quarter Quell, which is going to be Seneca's biggest test so far, and nothing is working out the way it should. District 12's tributes are doing better than they have ever since the 50th Games, when Haymitch won. Seneca's impressed and relieved, because Haymitch is drinking less, and trying to secure sponsors for his tributes. They're talking quietly. Seneca keeps looking around to make sure no one is watching them, but they're all alone. Haymitch is trying to convince him to change the rules, and he's a clever bastard, leaning in, and lowering his voice, and smoothing the lapels of Seneca's suit. Seneca would do anything for him, anyway, and this isn't that bad an idea. It's a risk, though, and not a small one. "Sometimes you have to take risks," Haymitch says. "Sometimes they're worth it. You know that, don't you?" Of course he knows that. He sighs, watching Haymitch walk away, his head held high. Seneca thinks about all the things he said – about taking risks, and hope, and love. He shakes his head. He has to get back to the control room. Haymitch turns around at the end of the corridor and looks at him. "See you tonight?" he asks. "Yes, of course," Seneca says, smiling. He can't help it. He's scared. He knows he's failed, and without doubt he will be punished for it. He stares at the ceiling, not seeing anything. He needs sleep. There will be important people to speak to tomorrow. If he makes it to tomorrow. His doorbell rings. He flinches. Maybe it's someone who's been sent to fetch him for an interrogation or something even worse. Or better. Maybe an interrogation would be the worst thing. He doubts he'd be treated nicely during one. He's reminded of his teacher when he was little, and of the Roman Seneca. He squeezes his eyes shut. There's no use in trying to hide, or pretending he's not at home. He gets up and opens the door. Haymitch is standing outside. Seneca is so surprised that he lets him in without question, quickly closing the door behind him. It wouldn't be good for them to be seen together tonight, not with everything that has been happening. "Haymitch," Seneca says, but Haymitch is already kissing him. Seneca's swept with relief, clutching Haymitch and returning the kiss, getting as close as possible. He doesn't want anything else, how could he ever have thought his career could be the most important thing in his life? It's too late now, though, so he tries not to think about it. Haymitch pulls away after a while. "How are you?" he asks. If Seneca didn't know him, he'd think Haymitch was worried about him. Seneca shrugs. "Fine," he says, not even trying to make it sound like the truth. Haymitch takes his hand. "Bedroom?" he asks. Seneca points in the direction wordlessly, and Haymitch gently steers him into the bedroom and makes him get into bed. "You need some sleep," he says. "You look terrible." Seneca laughs. He's going to die, probably soon. Though he supposes there's worse things to die for than his own mistakes. "The President doesn't like me at the moment. How am I supposed to sleep?" Haymitch doesn't say anything, but looks around the room with keen eyes. Seneca sighs and rests his head against Haymitch's shoulder. Of course, all his rooms probably bugged and the President knows everything he does. Seneca isn't afraid for himself, it's not like his situation could get much worse, but he doesn't want to put Haymitch in danger. He should send Haymitch away, this is dangerous. If someone comes to get him, there might not be enough time for Haymitch to get away unnoticed. Seneca should tell him that, insists on Haymitch getting somewhere safer, but he can't. He needs this right now, and he wishes he didn't. Then again, he's never been strong. He finally manages to fall asleep in Haymitch's arms, dreaming of scary things that never quite show themselves. He wakes up feeling ill, and he gets ready quietly so as to not wake Haymitch, who's still asleep, looking almost peaceful. Seneca takes deep, slow breaths. He's not going to throw up. He has his pride. He leaves a note for Haymitch, it's nothing special, just telling him I've got to go to work and thank you and please help yourself to anything in the house. Be careful, he adds after a few seconds. He kisses Haymitch's temple carefully, gently brushes his hair out of his face and looks at him. It takes him longer than it should to be able to tear his eyes away. He's going to be late. He almost laughs. It's not like punctuality matters now. Seneca leaves his apartment and goes to work. He's fairly sure this is the last time. He's not a stupid man, after all, even if he's made some bad choices that are now going to cost him his life. He thinks of Haymitch, still asleep in his bed, and decides that, in the end, some of his decisions weren't all that bad.