talking. I'm beginning to like this alliance, Cato." She playfully brushes my arm and I casually rest my hand on her thigh. "Yeah? Me too. I think we can really help each other out." I give her leg a squeeze and leave her with that as our Mentors come and sit down. Later, after another day of training I am practically dying for a chance to talk to Katniss again. I don't get the chance all day because she is around her so called "Lover" 24/7. His name is Peeta I guess. I think he is telling the truth about loving her, but I don't buy her feelings. He just doesn't seem like her type. She is so angry, and shut off…nothing like his charismatic, pretty-boy charade. For a second, I picture us together. We would be like fire and ice. She is the bright, eternally lit flame with spark and raw emotion. I'm the cool, confident, stable guy she needs to keep her in line. I can almost see it. I get a vision of us arguing over some unimportant issue like we did in training the other day, getting heated and angry with each other, and then sort of wrestling and half-fighting until we have rough, make-up sex. The girl who is on fire, and me: the guy whose emotions were only cold like ice until I saw the girl capable of making my heart melt. This is it, the last night before the games officially begin and my last chance to really talk to Katniss until I am faced with the prospect of having to kill her or spare her. Tomorrow it will be me and my 5 allies hunting down the weak, and I will be forced to pretend I want her dead. I'm not sure if I do or don't at this point. I think if she died before I get to know her it would drive me crazy forever, never knowing what she is like. This is the thought that makes me finally decide to go try and find her. I casually wander around our building, taking the elevator up and down hoping to run into her. She should be coming through here any minute to go to her suite. I have taken notice of her behavior and how she likes to wander around the training room at night on the main floor and shoot her bow and arrow. I think she could get in trouble if I told on her…but if I told someone than I would miss my chance to meet her there when I got the courage. So, after a few more minutes of riding the elevators I get up the nerve to enter the room where I know she has to be. Its pitch black and I see a faint light at the back of the room near the targets. I quietly walk back there and notice her sitting against the wall reflecting her Mockingjay pin against something to form the hint of light I'm seeing. "Hey there." I step out of the shadows and let her see me. "Cato!" She jumps up in surprise and glances nervously around her. "Are you scared of me?" I question as I move closer. "No. Why would I be?" I sense a tremor in her voice and a quiver in her words. "Well, for one, why do you keep backing away from me?" "I'm not." She stops moving and crosses her arms in front of her chest defensively. "Good, cause I would not want you to be. I do not want you to be scared of me." "Why not, Cato? We're going to be trying to kill each other in a matter of hours. Or should we just start early? Is that why you are here?" She says the last part so convincingly that it takes me a few seconds to remember why I am here. Killing her would be too easy. It's not like I would not enjoy seeing her beg me not to kill her. I would get a thrill out of seeing her cower in fear below me as I debate how long she has to live. But, I would much rather her scream my name for a different reason. "Why would I kill you now with no one here to see it?" I whisper into her ear. I can hear her heart beating faster and faster. I take a second to breathe in her scent and brush the hair from her eyes. The movement catches her off guard and she looks up at me questionably. "Maybe it's better that there is no one here, huh? We can do whatever we want." She leans in closer to me and looks me straight in the eye. No way. I don't believe this . I interpret what she said as an invitation to lean in and brush my lips against hers. They meet hers briefly before she turns to the side and begins to walk away. "Katniss. Where are you going? What was that?" I'm angry now. I never get rejected. "You're so used to getting whatever you want, Cato. I'm not going to let you think you've won before the Games even begin. I'll see you tomorrow. Maybe the odds will be in your favor another time." She begins to walk away again, only looking back to smile and take in my dumbfounded expression. I slam my fist into the wall and sink down in frustration. Damn it, she's good . She knows how to keep herself alive, that's for sure. She is going to keep me waiting. Part of me is pissed, but then I remember what she said before leaving… Maybe the odds will be in your favor another time. She definitely knows what she is doing, and she is not ruling out the chances of us being together. The comment reassures my confidence and I realize that one day I will get a little bit of her fire.