little less shitty but boring, and still slightly awful with Coin as president, but Prim and Finnick are still alive, so Katniss deals with it, Coin let's Katniss return to district 12 with Peeta, they eventually have children, and her family turns out okay... Basically a fantasy, the books to sad to actually let this happen.. But it's the closest thing I could find to Katniss happy ending. Sorry that one may have been to out there.. Got a little carried away. But a girl can dream right?! If Madge didn't give Katniss the mockingjay pin: Katniss still would have went to the games along with Peeta, she still would have volunteered for her sister, and none of the basics would have changed. She would have still done all the rebellious things that make us respect Ms. Everdeen, but would she have been forced into the "mockingjay" title? Part of me says no, she would have still inspired everyone, but she wouldn't be everyone "symbol". Take the burning dress which lead to Cinnas death, she never could have done that, and brought that to the capitol people and viewing districts. Or how about the two women burrowing their way to 13? Showing Katniss for the first time how much the Mockingjay has really effected them. I don't think she'd be forced to be so involved in the war, although the rebellious acts she did period would still do to flame the fuel, but then they would have probably made more of an effort to get Peeta out of the 2nd arena over Katniss, because let's face it, he's the PERFECT voice for the rebellion. I imagine they get Peeta out right away and get Katniss as well, and Katniss would let Peeta know she realized it was always him she loved and they take down the capitol together, Coin would still be threatened by Katniss however, so Prim would probably still get killed and Katniss would still take down Coin, leading the Panem to its own freedoms, and Katniss and Peeta would slowly grow back together, happily ever after. BUT this is The Hunger Games after all, so let's backtrack. Katniss and Peeta get split up and they only have time to get Peeta! The capitol gets Katniss and she gets tortured as Peeta did, tracker Jackers and all. Now of course, Peeta wouldn't do anything for the rebellion without Katniss immediately, so they'd either be forced to get Katniss much sooner before she was to far gone, and Peeta would help her heal… or, Katniss would be completely messed up and hi-jacked like Peeta was by the time they rescued him, and Peeta, Gale, Prim, Ms. Everdeen, Haymitch, Johanna, and Finnick would have to help her heal again. Coin probably wouldn't feel threaned by a unstable insane girl, and Katniss would probably be left pretty much alone once the rebellion was over. Prim would probably still be living and Katniss probably move in with her once Coin took over, But would Katniss be with Gale or Peeta? She would have a love- hate Tracker Jacker thing with Peeta, so even if she remembered that she liked Peeta and that he is kind, she may realize she was never 100% in love with Peeta, so I don't think she'd be with him, although we all know Peeta and he never gives up on his girl! So Peeta could happen, depending on the author. And when it comes to Gale her memories of him would also be confusing but not all that disoriented so she could easily cling to him and they could be together. But we all know Katniss doesn't JUST CLING to any man, she's difficult. So she won't go the easy way with that one, even though she could. She'd probably end up alone and broken, relying on her sister while maintaining a friendship with Gale and Peeta. She could one day marry one or the other, but that would really have to depend on how healed she really was. What Katniss life would have been like if gale and her ran away into the woods together: we'll I'm adding this last minute, I feel it's an important plot to ponder. Let's say they do decide to go in the beginning, I imagine they'd go with their entire families, and let's face it that's 7-8 people they plan to run with, which is a bad idea from the get go. (the group of two couldn't even do it!) they have no guide and probably head for 13. I imagine they get so far, and the Capitol catches them, Gale dies in heroic attempt, the rest become avoxs to the capitol, the end. Or maybe they do get there, they then end up average citizens in underground 13, they live, and probably die in 13, since Katniss and Peetas games don't spark the rebellion. Peeta would die in the games and that would be that. These are just my own little funny opinions, feel free to disagree, I could be really wrong. These are just how I personally feel.. And I thought it'd be fun to write. Now I'm not a writer, more a person who talks a lot and nobody is as Hunger Games obsessed as me at home to tell these thoughts to! So here i am to share my thoughts with fellow fans. Review! Comment! Or if you like this... Give me more scenarios, and I'll tell you all the fun ways it could turn out.. Or if you'd like I'll even do another character, Peeta, Gale, ect. I could also do smaller examples, like instead of telling the whole story all the way through each example, I could simply say, what would happen if Katniss didn't alliance with rue, what if she was a merchant and went in the games, what if she didn't nurse peeta.. Ect ect. I don't write full stories.. More my own little rants and chants. Thank you for listening.. ;)