am thankful that she adds the humour as it makes me smile. We begin to walk at a slow pace and I begin to feel my legs buckle again but Katniss only hold onto me tighter never letting me go. We've been walking for a few minutes when some girls and boys from our school come up behind us and give us cringed looks, as if they are disgusted with what I am. Katniss just stares daggers at them, that's when they finally say "Katniss what are you doing with a cripple, look he can't even walk" one of the guys say as they all start to laugh hysterically, I am used to this but it stings every time. "Don't waste your time on this piece of shit. Is he even human?" another one says and they continue to laugh. I feel my body go rigid and Katniss stops our walking and just stares at them, I can see hate and disgust in her eyes and I am not sure if it directed at me or them. She then lets go of my arm and I steady myself, but I fear I have driven her away and she is leaving me. What she does next shocks me, Katniss walks up to one of the guys and says "Fuck you, why do you have to get so low as to say things like that" she yells this at him and continues "Go to HELL!" she screams then lefts her arm and slaps the boy across the face with a giant 'SMACK' sound. I stand there in shock as I have never witnessed such a reaction from anyone for me sake. The other boys look in horror as they see his friend with a red mark across his cheek. They scurry away like rats, running away from Katniss and they leave around the corner with them yelling something incoherent. Katniss turns and walks back to me with anger still in her eyes but walks triumphantly as she has a soft smile playing on her lips, she comes up to my face and take my face in her hands and says "Don't you dare for one second believe them" firmly holding my head making me look at her and I see the worry and sorry in her face, her words are forceful and strong. I envy her strength; I wish that one day I could stand up for myself without stuttering, walk without shaking or limping I envy her ability to be normal. I frown at the thought and look down at my moving hands and sigh sadly, tears stinging my eyes. Katniss notices my mood and takes my face in her hands again "You have to promise me Peeta that you will never let them bring you down, I will be here for you, don't let them ruin your life!" she says with more passion and desire and I know she is serious. I gather up my courage and reply "I-I-I-I p-promise" she looks at me smiling then brings her lips to my shaking hands and kisses my knuckles. I am speechless at her action and I just want to feel those lips on every part of my body. I am dizzy from happiness as Katniss continues to walk me home holding my arm to support me. The previous events still reeling in my mind it's almost too much to comprehend, what feels like forever we finally reach my house and I walk up the steps one at a time. Katniss watches me as I do this and she hovers at the bottom step then meets me at the top. "Can ask you something that could be potentially life changing?" she asks with seriousness in her voice. I nod and she continues. "I know I only met you this morning but it feels like I have known you my whole life, I feel some connection that I just can't shake and well... umm I was wondering if you.." she clenches her lip between her teeth "Maybe you want to become my best friend?" when she asks this she becomes shy and shifts from foot to foot. I stand their leaning on the front door and I nearly fall over by her words. I have never had a friend I my life, so having a best friend would mean heaven and earth to me. A big smile spreads across my face and she takes that as a yes. Katniss jumps up and down on the spot and squeals then says "Ok now you have to know that the job requires rules. One, NO secrets" as she holds up one finger "you have to be there for me even through PMS you can't let me become an emotional wreck" she smiles and adds a second finger "and finally, stay with me forever" she says this last part as a whisper and I slowly nod thinking about what my future is going to be like with my best friend. Before I register what's happened she has flung herself at me and pulled me into a hug, I stand there no sure where to put my hands and I feel her hands cover mine and bring them to the small of her back. We stand there for a while in each other's arms and I learn the scent of pine tree and vanilla that radiates off her, she finally pulls back and looks at me with a mischievous grin her face as she says "I have got to teach you how to hug" and with that she turns on her heal and walks away. I watch her until I can no longer see her and I feel my heart drum in my ears. I wish I could freeze this moment forever, I am happy for the first time in years, this has been the best day of my life and all I can think about is a future of happiness with that girl. My best friend.