what a surprise. Is there a reason for your visit?" she quietly asks him, getting straight to the point. "Just visiting." Her eyes look at him in amazement before a pleased light enters them, and she leads him around her new home for a tour. In return, he shows her how to make the lamb stew she so loves from the Capitol. Reconstruction and Working Through: She still gets chest pains when thinking about Peeta or sometimes of District 12, but the physical symptoms of her grief are lessening as time passes. The depression she's been stuck in are lifting a little and she's starting to smile, even if slightly, again now. Everything has calmed a little; she's no longer running and fighting for her life and she's not in extreme pain at the thought of her home or of Peeta anymore. She's trying to organize herself into her new life a little. She does little things to get herself settled in and adjust to the new structure of her home; she gets things in order so that she has the least difficulty of fitting in with this society (though she knows she'll never completely fit in or feel comfortable). Seneca Crane, a man she had never been close to prior to meeting him after winning or knew personally, was actually a big help. He helps her sort out things in her new home and helps her decorate it more to her taste and so she could feel more homely in it. He's the one who arranges things for her, gets the contacts she needs, put things together she never thought she would need, and talk to people she didn't know but needed to or at least needed their help. He's kind and sometimes even sweet as he works on categorizing and prioritizing her needs and wants from the most important to the least. He manages to settle her down and keep her from completely breaking apart, knowing she would without him there. In fact, it is his very presence that helps her the most. Acceptance and Hope: The first thing she does without his help, she actually finds a job on her own (though she doesn't need it with the money and spoils she gets from winning the games). Singing at a lounge room at night for four hours, while diners enjoyed their food and the music. He'll have to check it out one of these days and actually be able to hear her voice (he remembers her sweet, sweet lullaby to poor, little Rue, but her voice was so emotional and clogged with tears –even if it does still sounds so beautiful to his ears). He comes by, bringing a jabberjay in a cage to give her as a pet, proud of her first step on her own in the Capitol and so that her home is a little bit less lonely and that she has a companion. She stares at it before a bitter smile crosses her lips and he flinches back, not expecting and not wishing for that reaction. "I know why I'm here, Mr. Crane. I know I'm not here to be happy and be rewarded for being the victor. This is my punishment for being…defiant, or so President Snow sees me as." He couldn't refute that, though he hadn't expected her to understand already or speak about it so plainly and out in the open. "He sees you as dangerous," he quietly adds. She flinches this time. "Peeta is dead," she says calmly, though an undercurrent of grief is still there. It's normal, he knows. And even years later, he knows the grief will be there –though hopefully extremely lightened by then. "I am stuck here and I probably won't ever be able to leave." She understands now that Peeta is dead and not coming, and there isn't anything she can do about it. She knows her place in President Snow's mind, and knows exactly what her situation is. She accepts those to be truth and doesn't shy away from it. "I have lived in the poorest part of the poorest district," she murmurs. "I have lived through your games and have had yet another loved one taken from me, while I will be kept away from the others and my home. But I won't let this place win; I will force myself to move on. I refuse to let myself rot away here." He knows that accepting her new lot in life and these new truths are hard for her, and that she won't be instantly happy. But accepting them really will help her move on, this he knows for certain. To deny would prolong the pain and force her to be stagnant. But now she has a chance…now she can try to at least move forward or try to find a way to. He glimpses the mockingjay pin pinned firmly on her collar and smiles to himself. The symbol of rebellion is front and center at her throat, and signals that she's not ready to lie down and be quiet just yet. The Girl on Fire is still burning. Started 3/23/12 –Completed 3/24/12 A/n: So, I do actually really like Peeta, and even Gale, but I'm always the strange one to ship odd pairings and find it more interesting to write them, while enjoying (or dismissing, in some cases) canon pairings in the original sources. I'm trying to write in book-verse, as I always prefer to, but as I've yet to read the series (hopefully I can soon), all I have to go by is the movie and research. So I hope I'm not too off on anything –I tried to be okay with their characters, while fitting to the actual stages of grief, but you know… I hope everyone enjoyed, so please review if you do! The next chapter should be "Methods of Communication" and maybe "Phobias (PartI)". I might also make this into a separate full-length fic later on too.