up from the Seam, and I guess they've been interviewing Katniss's people. Mrs. Everdeen, Prim, and Gale are with them. I hope Gale didn't say anything foolish about who Katniss might really love. Madge says he's not Katniss's boyfriend, at least as far as she knows, but he sure acts like it. My tattooed friend directs the whole battalion into places around the square, and sets up family and friends to watch the games. I've seen this in past Games. They like to get shots of people reacting. Every year, they get one or two families watching their children die. Or maybe they get all of them, but only one or two made good television. "Now, just act natural!" the tattooed woman calls out, then the sound is turned back on. Katniss has apparently gotten her hearing back in one ear, because she keeps tipping it up. She eventually lands back in the camp she and Rue shared. At first, she doesn't seem especially concerned at Rue's absence. She cleans herself up and eats quite a lot, then climbs a tree to wait. On-the-street interviews in the Capitol joke about her appetite. She gets more agitated as the afternoon goes on, and finally gets down. The reporters are in the other districts now, and we see Finch's teacher, Clove's and Marvel's families, and even the orchard workers in District Eleven, who are singing to the mockingjays, just like Rue was last night. They cut to Rue. It's late afternoon now, and the sun is playing through the trees like knives. She's been trapped in the tree most of the day, too close to where Marvel has been patrolling. She doesn't know that there's a trap nearby, and the Gamemakers only point it out in passing, making me think that they don't know what it's going to do. She spots motion. It's hard to tell what it is, but whatever it is, she risks singing to the birds again. The camera cuts to Marvel, who is patrolling the edge of the circle the Careers have laid claim to. Clove and Cato are off on the far side of the circle hunting for Katniss in entirely the wrong place. Marvel abruptly raises his spear. I put my hand over my heart, and I see Mrs. Everdeen rush forward toward the screen, but when the camera pulls back, it shows not Katniss, but Rue. Katniss starts to sing back. Rue smiles and lets her guard down, the first and last mistake she'll make. She climbs down to a lower branch, then drops from the tree. She's looking up, walking backward and trying to follow the mockingjays to Katniss. She isn't looking. They cut to Katniss, who is running wildly toward, then back to Rue. Gale Hawthorne yells "Watch out!" but it does no good, of course. Gale has spotted it only a fraction of a second before everything happens anyway. Rue steps on an artfully hidden branch, curved into a spring trap. It drops a net on her from above, and she screams, her voice high and childish. Katniss hears her, screams her name, runs to her... but it's too late. The boy has speared her like a fish, like the handsome tribute, Finnick Odair, did to most of his competition nine years ago. Everyone has tried it since, but this is the first success. Marvel still looks surprised by it when Katniss puts an arrow through his neck. He is dead before he hits the ground, and the field is down to seven. Since he was from District One, which is closer to the Capitol, maybe they had time to talk to his people last night. The camera stays lovingly on Katniss as she tries not to lose her mind while Rue dies in her arms. It holds close to her while she sings the meadow song (several people here in Twelve sing quietly along, including Prim, Mrs. Everdeen, and the little Hawthorne girl). It even shows her kissing Rue's forehead as she lets go of her life. The cameras flash briefly on the crowd in District Eleven, then suddenly, the screen is inexplicably taken over by Finch from District Five, who is engaged in a none-too-fascinating foraging run. The commentators treat this as if it may change the course of the games. They point out some poison berries that she doesn't go anywhere near. Then they switch to Thresh, cooking a rabbit, and the District Two tributes looking up at the sound of the cannon, which interrupts a fight with a mutt bear. Then there is a shot of Peeta, who isn't even muttering now. There's a lot of puzzlement in the square, questions buzzing around about what Katniss is doing that they needed to cut away from. No one has an answer. When they cut back to her, she is still sitting beside Rue. The shot is tighter. There are some white flowers around Rue's head that I didn't notice before; they must have been under the net, which she's been freed from. Katniss stands up and walks away. The camera remains tight on her. She is crying. I doubt she realizes it. The media crews descend on Prim and Mrs. Everdeen as Katniss wanders off into the woods, looking dazed and confused. I go back to the bakery, where Mrs. Mellark is leaning against Mr. Mellark, and he seems to be holding her willingly enough, even stroking her hair and saying comforting things. Maybe the storm has passed again. Edder and Jonadab are sitting on the steps. I sit between them, and Jonadab puts his hand on my head and fusses at my hair, the way he used to do with Peeta when Peeta was very small. I hug him with one arm, and reach over with the other to squeeze Edder's hand. The camera crews are running around madly, grabbing everyone who appears to be from the Seam. Peeta's people are left alone. All he's doing is dying.