I call. "Come on, I'm sorry!" She doesn't come back. I stare pointlessly at the door for a long time, then try to get to sleep. No luck. I page for a nurse and ask for a book. "What kind of book?" "I honestly don't care," I tell him. "If it's got words on the page and I can read them, it's fine." He comes back a few minutes later with his gross anatomy textbook. "Finished my assignments anyway," he says. "Enjoy your light reading." I choose a chapter on the brain and read. I don't know all the words, and can't parse all of them out by their smaller bits. I wish for my dictionary. But I keep reading until they turn the lights out and I can't see the page anymore. I put it on my night stand and lean back onto the pillows. Sleep doesn't come for a long time, and when it does, it's haunted by images of Peeta in the Capitol. I don't wake up rested. Breakfast comes and goes. I find I can deal with District Thirteen food better if I don't pay attention to it. I read about the spinal cord and the respiratory system. Ruth Everdeen comes in to check my vitals just before noon. She seems to be clenching her teeth against saying something. I grab her wrist before she leaves, and we look at each other for a long time. Finally, she says, "Katniss is going to do what you people want. I hope you're happy." She pulls away and leaves. I am not surprised to get a visit from Command an hour later. I am surprised to see that it includes Alma Coin, the president of District Thirteen, and she does not look pleased. Not that I've ever actually seen her look pleased, but she looks more displeased than usual. "I heard Katniss agreed to be the Mockingjay," I say. One of her staff, a commander named Boggs, raises an eyebrow. "Word travels fast." Coin, her lips pressed together firmly and her arms crossed, steps forward, "The Mockingjay is meant to support the rebellion." "What does that mean?" I ask. "She's given... conditions. " "Seems fair," I say. " Does it." Coin sits down in the visitor's chair. "Tell me, Soldier Abernathy, after everything that's been done for her, how you consider it fair that she adds conditions for paying it back." "First, I'm no one's soldier," I tell her. "Second, Katniss never asked for any of the things that have been done for her. She doesn't even know most of them. You never did anything for her . You did it for the Rebellion. The Rebellion is grateful. Katniss doesn't have any reason to be." "She's demanding concessions be made publicly." "Makes sense." I can almost hear Coin's teeth grinding as she struggles not to say something that she'll regret. "Soldier Abernathy," she says, "we cannot afford a Mockingjay who thinks she's negotiating a job contract. If she isn't devoted to the cause - " "She's devoted to the cause," I say. "I doubt there's anyone in Panem who wants to overthrow the Capitol more than Katniss does." "There is more to winning a war than hating Coriolanus Snow." "Maybe so. But it helps." "We need her under control. That's why you'll be present when she starts filming the propaganda pieces. No one else has been able to control her." "I haven't controlled her, either." "You were her mentor in the arena. You got her to do what she needed to do to win. Plutarch Heavensbee is certainly under the impression that you were able to convey to her the need to drug the Mellark boy -" "She was looking for a way to save him, and I suggested one." I sit up and turn around so I'm sitting on the edge of my bed and facing her. "Katniss understands what I tell her. That's all there is to it. We speak the same language." "Then speak it, Soldier Abernathy." "She's not listening to me anymore." "Find a way to make her listen." Coin leans forward. "People are putting their lives on the line to get the districts of Panem out of the clutches of the Capitol. We can't afford for soldiers to put their personal interests ahead of the interests of the war effort. And it is not helpful to anyone for me to capitulate to the whims of a teenage girl." "Making an honest deal with someone who has something you want isn't capitulating," I tell her. "It's paying a fair price. What's she asking for, anyway?" "Among other things, she wants to control our law enforcement." "She wants amnesty for Peeta Mellark," Boggs explains. "He did a propo -" "I've heard about it. You know that was under duress." "It doesn't matter," Coin says. "The damage he could do is immeasurable. People will not be happy with a decision not to punish him. But she's holding the war effort hostage on his behalf." "And the others," Boggs says. "If they're forced to participate." "She shouldn't have had to force that issue," I say. "If we'd pulled Peeta out earlier - " A sharp look from Coin tells me that this will not be a useful approach. "Try telling people that you want to be fair to a kid who's being tortured by Snow." "I don't need your advice on dealing with my own people," Coin says, standing up. "Just get her to behave. I have a speech to prepare." She starts to leave, beckoning Boggs, but stops at the end of my bed. "I think I have these memorized. These are the great issues that your Mockingjay is holding over us." She throws a sheet of paper to me, on which someone has typed out Katniss's demands. Amnesty for the captured victors. Hunting time with Gale. And a home for her family's cat. "That's my girl," I say, folding the paper up. "Nice job, sweetheart."