be?" he asks Haymitch and me. On screen, Katniss is getting her breakfast, which she ignores. She's singing a good morning song. "I should send her dandelions with her lunch," Peeta says. "First of all," Plutarch says, "it's still winter; there aren't any around. Second, no. And third, it's Katniss we're trying to prove is crazy, not you. You're going to send the love of your life a bunch of weeds?" Peeta doesn't answer, but he does grab a piece of paper and start drawing dandelions all over it. Great. She's singing nonsense songs, he's drawing nonsense pictures. I look at Haymitch, who gives me an indifferent shrug. I go back to my apartment to get dressed, and by the time I get back to the booth, someone has brought Peeta a real sketchpad. He has lost the vague look he's had, and is studiously drawing Haymitch. I watch for a while. Annie arrives around noon, Beetee in tow, with one of her boys carrying a large picnic basket. She invites him to stay, but he says he has work to do, and promises her that it involves ladling soup. I wonder who has a soup kink. No one is particularly surprised when Enobaria shows up, though no one is particularly pleased, either. Plutarch is still finding the best crazy footage of Katniss to cut into his show for the jury, so we don't mention the fact that we're all early and in the wrong place for our meeting. Peeta has finished his drawing of Haymitch and moved on to an obviously more familiar subject-Katniss, singing in the window. Only instead of the window frame, he draws two dandelions arching toward each other, framing the view outside. I briefly consider asking, but decide not to. Instead, I watch Katniss wander through her room, looking weak and too thin, singing without any visible sign that she has the slightest idea what the song is (at the moment, it's a ballad about a man who lost his legs, which Peeta seems not to notice). I think about Gale and his piles of papers, and his bitterness about Coin, and how he'd followed her. I think about Annie, just trying to find some stable world for kids who'd never seen one. And I think about a white bandage, filled with pine needles, put into my hands so that I would have something to hold onto. I told Katniss once that she was no longer the girl who volunteered for her sister at the Reaping. She didn't argue. But I wonder now, I wonder if this singing girl is finding her way back to the real Katniss Everdeen, the one whose single act of courage changed so much. And I wonder if it's possible for me to remember for myself. It's probably better if I don't sing trying to do it, though. I'd scare off everyone in a ten mile radius. Plutarch finally leaves to go to afternoon testimony (the morning was tied up, he said, by closed-door motions that no one would care about), and Annie says, "We may as well talk now." I get up and lock the door so we won't be disturbed. Haymitch says, "If Plutarch doesn't get her out of there by this time next week, I'm breaking her out." "All in favor?" I ask, raising my hand. Everyone else's hand goes up. I doubt we will actually do anything, but at least we all agree on that much. No one brings up the question Haymitch raised. Peeta stops drawing for a minute, then says, "She needs to talk to someone." "When we get her out, she will," Haymitch says. "And last I knew, Dr. Aurelius still said you weren't allowed." Peeta makes a rude suggestion about Dr. Aurelius's private life, but says he's working on getting better, and can almost always tell the fake memories now. He thinks he can talk to Katniss without trying to kill her. "Well, that's always a good start," Enobaria says. "Anyway, I've been thinking. Everything's calmed down. Beetee was right. If we open this can of worms right now, the guns are coming out again. They're not put very far away. Mine's in my purse right now." Given that she's known for having ripped someone's throat out with her teeth, I am not unduly frightened by her having a gun. It's not like it makes her any more deadly than she already was. "What about the truth?" Haymitch asks. "We can let out the truth when people are ready to hear it," Beetee says. "I know Gale is anxious to tell everything, but I can keep him from doing it. Paylor understands. She wants to give Katniss a pardon, but she'd have another rebellion on her hands if she did." He talks longer. I don't really know what he says. More about the peace and welfare of Panem, I guess, on the altar of which Katniss Everdeen has already laid down everything. So have the rest of us. Personally, I don't think it's worth it. But Katniss is. Annie said I needed to care about something. It might as well be Katniss. When Haymitch looks to me for a vote, I say, "I don't give a damn about the truth, and I definitely don't give a damn about what's best for Panem. Panem can rot." "So what's your vote?" "Let Plutarch do it his way." They look at me, shocked. I am shocked at myself. I mutter, "So Katniss will get the help she needs." I sit down, expecting to be shot or knifed or strangled or bitten-all possibilities with this bunch-but mostly, there's silence, broken only by Katniss's singing. Peeta's hand goes up. "I vote to help her," he says. Annie's goes up. Beetee's goes up. Enobaria doesn't care, but she'll go with the majority. Haymitch is left standing alone, then he sighs, and his hand goes up as well. The question of justification is not raised at Katniss Everdeen's trial.