to call the baby's name. I don't have any control over what will come out of the reaping balls. But I do tell her that Madge is beautiful and sweet, and that's very true. Kay Undersee grabs my arm as I start to leave. "Please never say her name again. Please." I nod. When I get out to the platform, Merle Undersee is testing the sound system, and Haymitch is trying to get up the stairs, without any noticeable success. I go down and help him up to the stage. He's clean and dressed properly, at least. I'll have to get him de-toxed on the train. I spend most of the introduction wringing my hands. I'll be on national television, live, and I'm suddenly not even sure that my wig is on straight. If I start patting at it, it will be worse. Finally, the mayor says, "And now, may I introduce, with great pleasure, our new escort, Effie Trinket!" I stand up. It's too late to correct him now. Maybe next year. I pull out the card where my speech is written. Mr. Flickerman also says that I'll have this down pat soon, but I don't believe him. I feel like the air is being sucked out of my lungs. The town's children are gathered in their roped off areas by age, dressed up, but looking frightened and sullen. They all die, you know. The reaping balls seem very large beside me. They're filled with innocuous looking slips of paper. They don't come back. You're calling them to die. But if I stumble here, I'll be fired for sure, and what good would it do, anyway? At least it's only two, a lot fewer than would be dead in a war, and one of them has a chance to live in one of those big houses around the Victors' green. I smile. "Welcome," I say, looking down at my card. "Welcome to the Fifty-ninth annual Hunger Games! It's time to choose this year's representatives from District Twelve. May the odds be ever in your favor!" There is no applause at the Games motto. They always show applause on television. It must be edited in later. I smile as widely as I can and go to the girls' reaping ball. My hand is shaking, and I force it to stop. "Ladies first!" I draw out the first of the names I'll call - Babra Kennedy. A thin blond girl of fifteen comes up onto the stage. She has a spray of little freckles on her nose, and as I watch, I see a tear cling to her eyelashes. I put my card in my pocket and take her hand. I hold it while I reach for the boy's name. Trillium Morrison. He's about my age, a huge, broad-shouldered boy with black hair and striking gray eyes. His hand is covered with cold sweat when I take it, but I don't let go. "Your tributes from District Twelve!" I announce. "Babra Kennedy and Trillium Morrison!" There is dutiful applause now. We lead the children inside. Trillium manages a smile in my direction. Babra won't let go of my hand until I get her settled in the shabby little parlor where her family will visit her. I finally let go when she's on the couch, but she grabs at me again. "Please, stay!" "Your family will be here soon," I tell her. "You'll want to be strong for them." "Please don't leave me alone!" I'm not supposed to be here with the families. That's definitely not on my list of duties. I'm supposed to be by Haymitch's side, helping him get ready. I say, "Okay," and I stay until Babra's family comes. They hold her, and glare at me. I go downstairs to the main hall, where Haymitch is sitting in the shadows under the stairs. "I'm sorry," I say. "I know I should have been here right away, but the girl - " "That's where you belong," he says. He leans forward into the light, the line of the stair-shadow now cutting diagonally down over his ear. "They outrank me. You did what you were supposed to do." "Do you want me to go back, in case she needs me after her family leaves?" "Let it be for now. She seems willing to call if she needs you. I don't know how she ended up in there. She's town, and her parents haven't done anything. Why did you call her?" "Because her name was on the slip pulled." "Really?" "Yes. I promise, I wasn't even asked to do anything else." "No. No, I guess not. Nothing's happening this year." I sigh. The other escorts have told me what the district people believe, about punitive reapings. None of the ones I talked to have ever been asked to skew the drawing either, but, looking at Haymitch, I have a feeling nothing I say will change his mind, anyway. "Do you need anything?" I ask him. "Something to help you…" "…sober up?" He shakes his head. "No. That thing on the stairs was the last of it. Just head-spins. I didn't drink enough last night. It's already wearing off." "Maybe you should consider being sober for the reaping." "I consider it every year," he says. "Very briefly." "They'll need you in better shape - " "I always sober up in the Capitol, at least until" - he smiles bitterly - "until my duties have been discharged." The door opens. I expect it to be one of the families, looking for Haymitch. I imagine that they all want to talk to the mentor. But it's a Games Security officer. "Haymitch Abernathy," she says. He looks up dully. "Yeah?" "You'll accompany me to the train now, and report for questioning." "Not until I know the families don't need me." The officer drags him up rudely, ignoring my protest. "The order was to bring you immediately." "What for?" "For questioning in the murder of Ausonius Glass."