want anything to drink?" she asks as she helps herself to a glass of water. "No, thank you. Hang on, Katniss, won't your grandfather find out you bought me for three nights?" "Nope. He's the richest man in the country. He has so much money that he doesn't notice when a few thousands go missing. I guess that's a good thing for us right now, but really pathetic when you think about the people out in the districts." "Yeah, I suppose it is." "And I'm in charge of a lot of the bookkeeping anyways." "He lets you have that kind of responsibility?" "He has no reason not to trust me." "But doesn't he worry you'll hate him after what he's done to you? I'd have a hard time relying on someone I put through hell." "We all have parts we play. Finnick plays the sex symbol. Haymitch plays the bumbling alcoholic. You play the charming victor, and I play the loving granddaughter. He doesn't suspect me because I've spent years making him think that he's brainwashed me to believe that I deserve what he does to me. He thinks I'm grateful that he does it because I need to be punished." "What we would he have to punish you for?" Katniss leans back on the bed and crosses her arms over her chest. "Capitolites are ignorant," she says. "I know you know that, and I'm not saying it's an excuse, but they've been raised to believe everything we say about the districts. They believe that district people are savages and ungrateful and naturally rebellious. And they especially don't believe that Capitolites and district citizens should ever have children. "My mom broke that rule," she goes on to say. He rests his weight on his forearms and turns to face her. "So, wait, the reason no one knows your father's identity is because your father's from the districts?" he asks incredulously. "Want to know which one?" "Which one?" "12." His eyes widen. "Your father's from 12? How is that even possible? There aren't many opportunities for people from 12 to go to the Capitol." "Here's what makes it worse to my grandfather. My dad was an avox." "Seriously?" "Mmm-hmm. He waited on them in the mansion, and somehow he and my mom found a way to communicate ." Peeta's at a loss for words once again. This seems to be a pattern while in the company of Katniss Snow. "So when my mom died, Grandfather told me I had to be cleansed of my abominable heritage. He said that I needed to be purged of my dad's rebelliousness. He started setting me up with groups of men. I was four years old, so I didn't really think there was anything wrong. I never talked to other kids, so I had no way of knowing it wasn't normal. I felt uncomfortable when the sex actually started when I was eleven. "And then District 4's Annie Cresta won the 70th Hunger Games when I was twelve." Peeta briefly remembers the tribute who couldn't handle witnessing her district partner's decapitation. No one's heard much about her since. "She and Finnick and Mags were at the mansion for Annie's victory dinner, and I guess Finnick must have seen something there to tip him off because he cornered me that winter during Annie's victory tour. He told me how everything that was done to me was certainly not normal and how my grandfather forced him into prostitution, too. We've been looking out for each other like siblings ever since." "That's always nice to know there's someone looking out for you." "We could look after each other, too, now that you know," she proposes. "I can't promise anything, but I can try to buy at least one night every time you're here. And you'll be mentoring now, so I can see you every time you're in the Capitol for that." "Look after each other?" "Check in with each other, like for support?" Her face flushes under his gaze, and she is so obviously nervous that Peeta can't help but smile. "Yeah. That sounds like a good idea." She nods. "And, um, you know I don't have to be here if you don't want me to. You're free for the night, but you're not required to spend it with me." "Stay," he says softly, so softly she can't hear. "I beg your pardon." Peeta nearly laughs at the small reveal of her Capitol upbringing. At least she doesn't speak with a fake accent like a lot of the Capitolites do. "I said stay, Katniss." "Okay, then I will." When it comes to their sleeping arrangements, they both reason that the bed is big enough for two. They stick strictly to their individual sides when they first go to bed, but they seek each other out in their sleep. At some point, Peeta wakes in the middle of the night to find Katniss tucked completely against him, and it doesn't bother him at all. On the contrary, it comforts him. But when he wakes again, a little after the sun rises, the only evidence that she was here is the scent of her perfume on her side of the bed and a note on her pillow that reads: Peeta, I can't wait until next time. I'll see you soon. So this is different from anything I've ever written before, and this is also my first story for The Hunger Games. Please let me know what you think of it. If any of you are confused with Peeta's sweet mother, in this version, Katniss's father was caught hunting and sent to the Capitol before he ever pursued a romantic relationship with Mrs. Everdeen, so Katniss's mother ended up marrying Peeta's father. Right now, it looks like there will be a total of four parts to this story. I'll have them up when I can. Thank you so much for reading! Thank you so much to my wonderful beta reader, b-dauntless!