they wouldn't let me bury her with my family. There's no point in sharing this with Katniss. If Snow kills the Hawthornes, it will, without question, be poison. Possibly even nightlock, if he can find a way to do it. Just to keep the message clear. She searches my face for any sign that I'm just exaggerating, and must not find it, because she takes a deep, shaky breath. "I do love him, Haymitch. Maybe not that way, but I can't let anyone kill him. And it's not just that. It's everyone. People will die if I fail!" My last fantasy of introducing Katniss to Chaff and Finnick and the others - or letting Cinna start dressing her like a rebel - flies off into the snow. Oh, I could do it, and she'd probably go along with it. I think she's angry. But she's not ready, and I find that the only thing I want to do is keep her as safe as I possibly can. Maybe it's not the best thing for the rebellion. Okay, it's definitely not the best thing for the rebellion. They want to rally around her. But she rubs her head like I do, and she comes to me when she has a problem she can't handle alone. I am annoyed at myself that these things matter to me, but they do. Katniss Everdeen, who feels responsible for every human being in her vicinity, trusts me to take care of her. I don't think she's going to much like the way I have to do it. Neither will the rest of the underground team, but they'll understand. At least Finnick will. He can convince the others. With a trident, if necessary. Because if the uprisings can't find something to rally around, there will be no revolution, and if there's no revolution, then Katniss will have to have a defense against Snow's intentions for her. Peeta is that defense, just as she's his. "Then you can't fail," I say. "If you could just help me get through this trip -" I shake my head. This will keep her safe, but it will destroy her. "No, Katniss, it's not just this trip." "What do you mean?" I tell her. I hate the way she pales, and seems to shrink with every word. But she has to know. She has to understand that Snow will never let her out of his sight. He will never decide she can just choose her own life. If she's ever going to be safe, she needs to understand that she has to stay with Peeta. For good. We walk back to the train together. I can almost see the knowledge settling onto her like a physical weight, pushing her shoulders down, making her steps sink deeper into the snow. As we get to her compartment, I pat her shoulder, and, unable to think of anything else to say, tell her, "You could do a lot worse, you know." It's weak, and she doesn't bother to pretend otherwise. She knows Peeta is a good man, and if she's going to be trapped into a life with someone, at least it's someone she loves. As far as I'm concerned, the most damnable thing about it is that, left to her own devices, she'd have picked him anyway. But now he'll never be anything but a prison for her. She goes into her room, where I doubt she'll sleep. I go to mine. I grab my knife and go to bed. I realize that nothing I can kill with a knife is going to come after me these days, but it sometimes helps with the nightmares. This isn't one of those times. I find myself back by the mines, by the little shack (it was only very generously called a house by any standard) where I lived with my mother and brother. Dad died from miner's cough, and Mom was on her way to it when the house collapsed on her. In my dream, she is coughing blood into an old pillow. Her face is streaked with coal dust. My brother Lacklen is squinting at me from the shadows. He had bad eyes, and I almost tell him that, now that I'm rich, I can get him glasses, better ones than Caesar sent him during the Games. But of course, he's been dead for going on twenty-five years. I don't think he cares. The shack collapses around me, and Mom and Lacklen crumble to dust inside. The cloud of it rises around me, and swirls into Digger Hardy, who is dressed in Katniss's pajamas. Great. "I was just thinking about you," I say. "Been a while, hasn't it?" she asks acidly. It's a tone unlike any she ever used with me in life, where she was generally patient with me. Sometimes exasperated, I guess, but patient. Kind. Now, she seems to be insane. Maybe I would be insane, too, if my finger had come off of my hand like the wing from a well-cooked chicken. Maybe I am insane, having been the one to accidentally pull it off. I look down at my hand and see it there. "I don't like thinking about what happened," I say. "I've been right here. Waiting for you like always." "Digger-" "I'll always be right here." Her skin starts to blacken and melt, her hair to burn. When we took her off the fence, we had to cut the wires because she had melted around them. She reaches out with a smoking hand, missing its little finger. "I'm right here, Haymitch! You can't do anything about it. Right here! Right -" I wake up with a start, my knife clattering to the floor. There's a gray dawn outside the train window, and the snow has turned to a depressing rain. I can hear Katniss's prep team grumbling as Effie pulls them out of bed. I pull the shade and crawl back under the covers. I don't sleep again.