don't want to lie to you, and I don't expect anything from this. If you don't want to, we don't have to do anything." "I know, but I do want to." I answered. I was aching to have him in me once more. "Oh, good" he breathed and we both laughed. "Finnick gave me some condoms… just in case. They're retardant" he stated, referencing his little endurance last time we'd been together. "And I, uhm, have been practicing… you know, lasting a bit longer." I raised my eyebrows at his admission and he quickly caught my drift. "With myself! Thinking about you…" I released a throaty laugh. "I… I still have your panties from that night." Oh. My. Should I be mad? I felt so aroused, just thinking about him pleasuring himself, keeping my panties… "Oh, aren't you the bad boy" I cooed. He bit his lip and I got closer to his body, caressing my nose through his jaw. "I touched myself thinking about you too. It's never the same, though; I like it when you do it." That was it. We had gone back to kissing, less hungry, more sexily. I allowed myself to remove his t-shirt and just admire his toned physique. I wanted to his him, all of him. I grazed my fingers down his ribcage while my mouth was busy kissing him. He shuddered and brought me closer to the bed, lying me down before I could protest. He lay down next to me, making sure his leg wasn't making me uncomfortable. I kissed his neck and his shoulders. I kissed that line among his pectorals. I learned he had very tickly nipples at the same time I learned I loved his carefree laugh. "Who's the bad, bad girl now?" he laughed, pinning my hands off his torso. I protested but he deviated my attention by kissing my neck while gently massaging my nipples. I moaned at his ministrations, tugging at the hand that restrained me by my wrists. "Are you ready for me, Katniss?" he breathed. I opened my eyes to meet his hooded blue eyes. Was he talking dirty? "Look at me, baby, don't close your eyes. I want to do every little thing I fantasized on doing to you all year… I have a whole list prepared for you, baby" he licked his lips and I licked my own. "Do it, Peeta" I moaned. "Do what you want to do the most." "I want to taste that little pussy of yours" he said, letting go of my hands. He slid my nightgown up my legs and bundle it around my waist. With his skilled fingers he moved my panties aside and parted my folds. "So wet already, baby… so wet…" he licked his lips. I was mesmerized by the sight of his fingers sliding my panties down my legs. I blushed at the thought that, for an eighteen-year-old, I still wore plain cotton granny panties and was fairly natural down there. "Peeta…" I said, panicking. I closed my legs tightly, embarrassed at my own status. "No, Kat, don't, I want to see you" he parted my legs with his hands and caressed my thighs. He kissed me one last time before kissing my legs and then, finally, my sex. "Oh" I breathed. He hummed happily, darting his tongue around my folds. It was amazing, so new yet so raw. I forced my eyes to look at him, and he was looking me right in the eye. My insides were throbbing while his mouth found my clit, and I trembled from head to toe. I started mumbling his name and he started sucking and licking my sensitive bud. It was too much. I came hard, almost passing out. I was left a mess of limbs on the bed for a few minutes before I looked down at him, who had a smug smirk on his face. "Good for you?" he asked in an innocent tone. "Oh… not entirely good until you've fucked me" I answered. His eyes grew wide and he crawled back up my body, kissing me roughly and hungrily. I tasted myself on his tongue and he moaned at the idea. I pushed his pants down with the balls of my feet and my core grazed his erection. I rolled us both and tugged his pants down, finally meeting his entire naked form. His prosthetic leg was modelled after his real leg, and it was surgically attached to his knee. I grazed it with my fingertips, upward until I reached his fully erect penis, ready for me. Peeta held my gaze and I smiled "I think he's ready for you" he mumbled. "Oh, I am super ready for him." I stated, pulling my nightgown off me. Peeta took me and gently laid me down. "Wait! We need a condom" I said, He smiled at me and stretched to bring one out of his backpack. Carefully, he rolled it in. "Ready?" he asked. I nodded enthusiastically and kissed him one last time. He entered me carefully and I had to suck a breath. He kissed my cheeks and my neck, letting me adjust to him. "Are you OK?" "Yes… let's…" I moved my hips and he caught my drift, thrusting in and out of me, whispering my name. "You feel so tight, Kat, your tight, wet pussy just… oh, it feels so good" he kissed my shoulders. I was so close, so ready to burst. "Let me fuck you faster… harder…" and he did. His thrusts turned erratic and soon, I was yelling his name as he grabbed my waist and came in tandem with me. Collapsing next to me, breathing hard from our session, he closed his eyes and smiled. I put my head on his shoulder and prepared to sleep, feeling satiated and happy. "I love you, Katniss." He mumbled sleepily. "I love you, Peeta." I responded, kissing his skin and falling asleep. Hope you liked it! Hugs and kisses.