on the mattress after putting on the dress as mom dries and braids her hair. Her image in the cracked mirror is such a radical change from normal, every bit of my anticipation has been met. "You look beautiful," I say in a hushed voice and with only part of my breath. "And nothing like myself." She hugs me, putting her arms around me like a suit of armor, or a shield. A shield in front of me that leaves her exposed. There's a tension in her embrace, a rare sign of stress and fear that she displays just for a moment. She loosens her arms and says, "Tuck your tail in, little duck," smoothing out the ruffle of the blouse behind me. The part that just wouldn't tuck in no matter what mom or I did. "Quack," I say, giggling. Katniss answers me, "Quack yourself," with a light laugh. A sound that doesn't come out of her often. "Come on, let's eat," she says kissing my forehead. Mom has refilled the steel bucket with water for a fish and vegetable stew for supper and placed it over the fire pit. The bread and strawberries will be saved for the same time, leaving us to a lunch of things we're intimately familiar with: tesserae grain bread and goat milk. After lunch, at one o'clock, we head out to town square. It's one of the few nice places in the district, even having a festive feeling to it on the more festive of days. There are shops all around and when they're open and buzzing with bartering and conversation, it really feels different from the Seam. But today, in spite of all the decoration, with Capitol cameras settled like vultures, it is the worst place in the world. And as I take my place in the back, I find myself on the edge, dividing the circle of victims from the circle of grievance. But there are those who never grieve. Those whose minds and hearts are so long gong that all they care about now is money. Those that bet on what kind of children will get called up to be tributes. That's the worst of it, that there exist people who care so little about their own district and neighbors. To me, there's not a thing more despicable; not even the Hunger Games themselves can claim to be something so overwhelmingly present in such close proximity. I'm roped off at the back of town square where I can barely see the district's escort, Effie Trinket. She's dressed like castor bean poison, in bright pink hair, green suit and white smile. To her side was the mayor and an empty chair. The two are talking about something, possibly the absence of whoever is supposed to be in that chair, but when two o'clock comes, the mayor steps up to give a history speech. It's marginally interesting to hear where it diverges from the history we're taught in school, as all the cataclysms he lists off: the droughts, floods, storms and fires, contain no mention of that asteroid strike from nearly a century back. The result of disaster was war, and of subjugation, tyranny. There was a rebellion, in which the last of the thirteen districts was obliterated by the first use of nuclear weapons in Panem. The Dark Days, this rebellion was called, saw another cycle of war, subjugation and tyranny. This second era of tyranny was the Hunger Games. IS the Hunger Games. "It is both a time for repentance and a time for thanks," the mayor concludes. He then unwittingly reminds us of our eternally bleak chances of surviving the games by reading aloud the names of all the past victors. Both of them. "Juno Blackie and Haymith Abernathy." Haymitch stumbles onto the stage completely hammered with alcohol, and in the ensuing farce, he gives Effie Trinket a hug. Nobody can guess why. The mayor scrambles to keep control of the situation by calling Effie up to do the reapings. "Happy Hunger Games!" she cheerfully announces as though it were really nothing more than a game. Like it really was the annual sporting competition we all had to behave like it was. Her accent, distinctive of the Capitol, truly shines through, "And may the odds be ever in your favor!" There's something almost melodic to her voice in the way she builds up to the one word she wishes to accent most. When she takes over, there is a video displaying, further emphasizing the points the mayor already made. Just more Capitol propaganda about the horrors of war. But they're right. As the bullets zoom across the screen and the white flashes of bomb blasts wash away the images, and as the sounds of the myriad of explosions drown out any would-be noise within miles, it almost, almost feels like the violence comes out of the silver and into the weary gray of town square. This time, nobody collapses, and I can see Effie Trinket clearly enough to make note that she's reciting every word of the video, and even preempting some of it in excitement. It dawns on me immediately that the propaganda is not for the Districts, but for the Capitol itself. And finally, when the video is finished, she turns back to the crowd to make the reapings happen. "Ladies first!" as is her tradition. She reaches into the bowl of girls' names and takes her time to choose one slip of paper. The dynamics of the sound in town square are dramatic. Before, you couldn't hear yourself think. But now, after one final collective breath from the whole population of eight thousand, there was nothing to be heard except the wind. Until Effie Trinket reads out the name: "Saige Camphor!" AN: Well, now that that's out of the way, I hope you've enjoyed the first chapter of "The Winter Frost" and the very first part of what I hope will be the "Catching Cold" series.