don't see a jewelry box, and move on to another. "What is it you're looking for?" Delly asks. "It's a round pin," Madge says. "It has a mockingjay. It was supposed to be my aunt's district token, but they wouldn't let her have it. I saw a picture of it. Haymitch brought it back... after. They said it was because of the pin that she couldn't have it, but I've seen other pins. So I'm guessing they just didn't like it for some reason. If I get Reaped, I want to be wearing it on television. For Aunt Maysilee." I don't know why Madge is so devoted to her aunt, who she never met. But while most of us are taking tesserae to help hungry people, Madge is taking them because she wants to be like her aunt. She says she doesn't have any right to not have as much risk as anyone else. We had to stop her from taking more tesserae. I think she just came up with the idea of giving away food as a way to get other people to join her. She goes back to her search, not saying anything much for the next ten minutes other than "Try over in the corner" and "No one better have stolen it." This is the Madge Undersee most people know. We are about to give up-she's worried about her mother-when Delly stumbles on a box that was shoved under a radiator. Inside it are things from a ladies' dressing table-dried up perfume and make-up, hairbrushes and ribbons, and a little jewelry box. Madge opens it up, makes a bitterly triumphant sort of sound, then pockets something gold. She doesn't show it to us. We all leave together, and Madge locks up the store. My brother doesn't lean out his window as we go by the restaurant this time, and we hardly see anyone else, either. Everyone must be getting ready for the Reaping. We pass near the fence as we come into town, and I see Gale and Katniss coming back, looking quiet. They have fish. I hope they had a good morning. Katniss looks distracted. I realize I've stopped when Madge smacks my shoulder and says, "You should talk to her. Or try to. She might not talk back. I can sit with her for a week and neither of says anything. We're still friends." "Her boyfriend probably wouldn't like that," Delly says. "Her what?" Madge says, looking confused. There is no time to discuss this, because Mrs. Undersee has come outside, and is calling frantically across the square for Madge, who paints on a demure smile and runs back home, one hand in her pocket, securing the pin. "Do you want to have lunch before Reaping?" Delly asks me as we reach the shoe store. I shake my head. "I have to slop the pigs, then take a bath and change, or I won't have to worry about the arena, because my mother will kill me." "Well, I'll see you there, then. With the sixteens." "Yeah. See you there." I wave her back into the shoe store, then go to the pigsty and throw in some slops. I look over toward the trash bins, where Katniss Everdeen once sat in the rain, and I wonder what I would do if her name is called. She is needed here. She doesn't take tesserae just to bring in a little extra food for someone else, she takes them because her family needs them. She hunts. She sells things. I watch her, sometimes. The way she picked herself up from that muddy ground, the way she cleaned herself off and stood up tall and refused to back down... I don't know how she did it, but I admire it a lot. It makes me think it's possible to actually make a difference for people. I'm not the only one who feels that way, either. Madge is right. I should talk to her. She might rabbit away-she always seems ashamed that I saw her that way. I should tell her she doesn't have to feel like that. The girl she is now is strong. But knowing that the girl in the rain is underneath makes her strength amazing. After the Reaping. I'll worry about it then. I go back inside and clean up, getting into the decent clothes Mom has set out for me. Edder is doing the same. I'm glad for Mom's coldness right now, because the closer it gets to two o'clock, the more I feel the weight of those twenty slips of paper. Mom can keep things together, get Edder and me looking respectable. Dad tries, but I can see the fear in his eyes. He isn't talking. He seems to have lost his voice. Before we go outside, where the crowd is already getting too large for comfort, he grabs hold of us and hugs us tight. Edder rolls his eyes and goes off to sit with the eighteens (he avoids Gale Hawthorne by a large measure). I look at Dad. Dad says, "Peeta, I-" But he can't follow it up. Mom shoos me forward, and I go to sit with the sixteens, by Delly and our friend Sylvanus Holt. I can see Katniss Everdeen on the far side of the group. I resolve to find her after the Reaping and talk to her, but then again, I've been resolving that for four years, and I've never done it. I look over my shoulder and see Mom and Dad at the edge of the crowd. Jonadab has joined them. Dad is crying, and I wonder, for the first time in ten months, if I've done the right thing, if I'm hurting my father just to feel better about myself. It's too late to do anything about it. And it probably won't matter. My name is in the ball twenty times, but it's twenty out of thousands, and there are plenty here whose odds are worse.