and suddenly his brain started functioning again. He looked up at Madge, mouth open in shock and she had a huge smile on her face, tears cascading down her cheeks. She nodded letting out another happy sob and he grabbed her up off the floor and started spinning her around. Madge squealed in surprise at Gale's quick movements but she laughed happily along with him as they continued to spin around. He stopped and put her back on the ground only to attack her lips. She laughed when he started peppering kisses all over her face. "Gale!" She squealed again when he went down her neck then kissed her stomach and kissed her on the lips again before smiling at her. "We're gonna be parents." Gale Hawthorne the big excited puppy he was with this huge smile on his face. Madge laughed again and nodded. "Yep, better get ready Daddy." Gale let out a breathless laugh at the word Daddy, he always knew he wanted kids, wanted to ask Madge to start thinking about it soon but it looks like they were on the same page. He hugged Madge again and rubbed her back. He was going to be a dad, nine months seemed way to long a time to wait. Gale – age 29 Madge – age 27 When she woke up the bed was cold, Madge sighed and shook her head before turning to the baby monitor and listening. Sure enough a few seconds later she could hear Gale murmuring softly. Honestly she couldn't blame Gale because she had done the same thing a few times. Little Rose seemed almost to perfect sometimes with her dark curls and her blue eyes. Gale said she looked like and angel, Katniss laughed and said she had Madge's eyes and Gale's trouble twinkling in them. Madge had to agree as their little girl already had her father firmly wrapped around her little finger. Madge sighed again happily and settled down back in bed knowing Gale would return in a few minutes, for now she just listened to his murmurings. "Did you know that your mother threw a water balloon at me. A water balloon, that's how we met we were only kids but I took one look at your mom standing their and giggling away and I already liked her. Don't get any ideas though since your not allowed to go near boys until your at least 30." Gale could almost imagine Johanna, Madge and Katniss all rolling their eyes at that comment. Rose made a sleepy noise and Gale looked down at his daughter smiling slightly and kissing her head as he continued to sway in place. "Anyway I didn't really like your mom or realize it until way later thank god she liked me back otherwise I don't think she would have waited so long." Gale looked back down at his daughter and smiled again. "But I'm really glad she did wait." He nudged his little girl up and sighed then said a little louder knowing his wife was listening in. "Thank God for the Undersee family patience." He could hear Madge's laugh from down the hall and he smiled. Gale – 30 Madge – age 28 It was another party with little kids running around a park and an ice cream cake waiting for them. Madge smiled at the odd deja vu as she watched the kids of all her friends waddle around spraying each other with squirt guns only to have Peeta, Katniss, Cato, Clove, Finnick, Gale, Johanna and Thresh come in at odd times and throw water balloons at all of them. Madge burst out laughing when Peeta accidentally hit Clove with one, the deadly look she gave him caused him to run in the other direction. Rose cooed as she watched her party from Madge's lap. Madge grinned and drew her baby girl closer to her kissing her head. Rose was only one and would get to run around with the other kids soon but just for now she would get to enjoy her ice cream cake. "Hey Madge." Katniss called. Madge looked back up to see Katniss standing in front of her holding a water balloon and at first Madge flinched trying to block Rose. Katniss scoffed. "I'm not going to hit a baby I am a mother you know." Instead Katniss held out the water balloon and gestured over to where Gale was holding up Finn so his father Finnick could blast him with his water pistol. "You know for old time sake." Katniss said. Madge looked back and grinned, she handed Rose over to her Aunt Katniss and took the water balloon. She waited for the right time and then let the water balloon fly, soaring across the park and landing exactly on its target. Gale was lucky he had put down Finn otherwise he would have dropped the little boy in surprise. He was all wet; he spat out the water that was dripping down his face and looked up expecting Cato or Katniss but instead came upon a familiar sight. Their stood Madge her hands covering her mouth as she giggled away at him. A smile slowly spread over his face as he watched this beautiful girl shake with laughter then his smile grew into a conniving one. He turned to Finnick who was smirking at him. "Hand me that." He said gesturing to the water balloon Finnick had grabbed. Finnick handed it over and Gale turned back to Madge. Madge took one look at Gale and she squealed running in the opposite direction. Gale's smile grew and he chased after her. Twenty years ago a girl with blonde curls hit him with a water balloon and his life had never been the same. This took forever! I swear! But I had to write it since Gadge is one of my biggest OTP's anyway I hope you enjoyed this monster of a one-shot as much as I enjoyed writing it.