late," the Peacekeeper says. "Bad enough you look like a bum and smell like a day old turd. You can at least manage to move faster to the one job you have to do in a year for your salary." "What do you know about what I get paid for?" I yell. "I'm paid because I'm a victor. It's all back pay . I - " I am shoved out on to the stage, and very legitimately lose my balance. Effie looks up at me, dismayed. She always looks dismayed now. She didn't used to. She used to think I was wonderful. I remember that. She kissed me once. Maybe twice. I lean over and hug her. She pushes me away and gets me turned around and into my seat. Her wig is askew. Merle gives me an exasperated look, though he should at least know the score. He was the one who was supposed to be making sure no one knew I was gone, so at least he knows that much. And it's not like they don't know I'm a drunk. He calls Effie up front, to stand between the reaping bowls. She puts her hand on her wig to straighten it, then says, as always, "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor!" That's a laugh. I know it's a script, and all of the escorts need to follow it. I know that Effie is very good at her job, and whatever they did to her in the Capitol, it's made her insufferably bubbly about it, which the Capitol audience loves. But District Twelve is the smallest district. Everyone's odds are worse than anywhere else. I look out at the sea of thin, hopeless faces in front of me. Who am I going to kill this time? I see the eighteen year olds in front. Strong, skinny boys who are about to go to work in the mines. Willowy girls who will be working alongside them, even though they don't look like they could lift the pickaxes. I know from experience how wrong that is, but the sponsors don't. They think our girls look weak. Danny's middle boy, Edder, is in this group. He's a town kid. He'll be broad-shouldered and blond. I don't remember much about him. Since the boys stopped needing someone to watch them while Danny and Mir bake, I've lost track of them. I see one of the merchant boys who might be him. He doesn't seem to have much interest in the proceedings. Why would he? I doubt he's had to take any tesserae, while the boys beside him are most likely covering huge families. Beyond the eighteen year olds, I see the kids getting younger and younger as the crowd reaches to the back of the square. Sometimes, I've had kids called from the back. They come home in boxes the same size as anyone else's, but they're too small. Once, drunk on the train, I opened Treeza Murphy's casket. They put in a shelf under her feet so that she wouldn't slide down. "It's such an honor to be back in District Twelve," Effie says. "In fifteen years as your escort, I know how very strong and brave you are!" This isn't even met with dutiful applause. There's been another round of gossip about Effie's transfer application. She jokes about it with me sometimes, though she seems not to understand when it is and isn't okay to tell a joke. She manages not to make one this time. "I just know that we'll have wonderful tributes this year, who will bring honor to the District." Again, there's no response. She smiles woodenly, then says, as always, "Ladies first!" The name she pulls is Primrose Everdeen. I know the name. I knew Glen Everdeen. He gave me information on the mines for the war chest before the accident that took two dozen miners four years ago. Glen's daughter. Ruth's daughter. Is this the one that half the district (including Mir) thought was really Danny's? If so, I can understand it, as she walks forward from the back, where she's standing with the other small children. I think of a shelf in the casket and close my eyes. This doesn't make the image go away. She has lovely, golden blond hair that she's wearing in two braids. Large blue eyes. She's dainty and fragile-looking, like Ruth. It's hard to imagine big, tough Glen as her father. But I know he is. Both of the men involved fumed to me about the situation, and insisted that there is no other possibility. I force my eyes open. She is still coming forward. Against all logic, she seems to be getting smaller. I think about my half-baked plan to use the Games to create an image. As always, any plans about the Games shatter when I see the tributes. The kids . This poor girl will have no chance in the arena. She holds her head high as she passes the group of sixteens, where another girl is staring at her, dumbfounded. This is the usual way. It's always the same. I try to think of some way this tiny child is going to survive, and can't think of one. There's nothing anyone can do. "PRIM!" I look up. The girl I noticed earlier runs forward, surging toward the stage. "Prim!" she screams again. The Peacekeepers grab at her and try to hold her back, but she threads between them like a fish swimming with the current. She moves easily and quickly, and with a single, clear determination. She reaches Primrose at the bottom of the stairs and drags her backward, shielding her from all of us. I sit forward, the brandy-haze lifting a little bit. There is something that can be done for Primrose Everdeen. It's something that's never happened in Twelve, at least in my memory. Something that's utterly insane. "I volunteer!" the older girl gasps. "I volunteer as tribute!"