we will talk to Haymitch. He has been our friend ever since we met him, and if there is anything dangerous about his girl, he is obliged to tell us, all right?" "All right," Seeder all but whispered before her eyes filled with fresh tears. "I just want to protect Rue, Chaff. You've seen her—she's just a child! I wish there was a way to protect her from that arena... I wish there was some way to... to stop this. Is it wrong of me to feel this way?" "No, it is not wrong," Chaff assured, embracing her again. "Trust me, I understand." She knew he did, and she stayed in his arms. "It is going to be a rough year for all of us," Chaff's low voice went on somewhere above her ear, for she had her face hidden in his muscular chest. "We must stay strong." "What do you mean?" "I met Beetee earlier. His boy knows a lot about mines and explosives: he used to work at the factory and take engineering classes..." Seeder vaguely recalled the tributes from District Three. Two skinny kids. "Isn't he only twelve?" she asked, astonished. "Fourteen," Chaff specified. "He's just malnourished, which is why he looks so small. He learned about explosives in pretty much the same way as Rue learned about the night vision goggles." Seeder nodded. There was nothing to say to this. People from the districts were exploited in every possible way. In District Eleven, when it was time to collect the crops, people were forced to work even at night. Children were no exception. They were handed night vision goggles and sent out into the fields with armed Peacekeepers controlling their every move. In District Three, which was the district of technology, the kids were obviously forced to assemble various electronics. "Is Beetee's boy interested in alliances?" Seeder asked absently. "He wants to impress the Careers. He thinks they are going to keep him fed. Beetee is unhappy about it." "Well, I wouldn't be happy, either," Seeder declared vehemently. "What is he thinking? They are going to use him and then just stab him in the back!" "Yes, that's true, but the boy seems stubborn, difficult to convince. I only hope the Careers won't make him commit any atrocities before they kill him... Anyway, for now, I would only advise both our tributes to avoid Beetee's boy in case he allies himself with the Careers. And as to Haymitch's girl... well…" "I know," Seeder assured him. "I care about Haymitch, too. I wish I didn't have to have this conversation at all... It's the Games! They are designed to make us hate each other. I just…" "Just choose your words carefully, and Haymitch will understand. All right?" He kissed her lightly, and she let him. For a moment, they just stood there until it occurred to Seeder that they should remove the towel from the lens of the hidden camera before the people in charge of the surveillance got suspicious. "They'll now turn their cameras off anyhow," Chaff dismissed. "I bet they're grossed out at the sight of a crippled old drunk with the manners of a pigsty harassing a beautiful woman like you in her bathroom…" Seeder gave him a watery smile. "One day with Haymitch Abernathy, and you already sound as sarcastic as he does." "Oh, well, what can I say? District Twelve will corrupt us all—bad manners are catchy…" "Oh, shut up," she joked lightly. "Really? Does it mean I can't call you sweetheart ? Hmm... I'll let Haymitch know his tips aren't working." Seeder smiled in earnest at this before it dawned on her he was already leaving; his hand was resting on the doorknob. "Chaff…" she called after him, never bothering to finish her sentence, a hint of desperation in her voice. He understood. He stayed with her that night, caressing her, holding her as she let her tears flow. It had been a very exhausting day with the District Twelve tribute providing a rather flaming start, full of a strange hope. But Seeder's heart was only aching for the innocent and selfless child, who hadn't hesitated to share a piece of cheesecake with a total stranger, even though she had never had a proper meal in her whole life. Another innocent child who had been brought to the Capitol to die. An : If it was a comedy genre, this story would have ended with Thresh discovering the mentors in a rather awkward position in the shower. However, it's not the case. Instead, I would like to thank my dear friend Tilphousia , who is a co-author of this story. As to my general thoughts about "Hunger Games" saga, then I'll be frank with you. I think it's not well written and not well executed, but there are some very deep thoughts in it. Had the author bothered to tackle these aspects, it would have been a somewhat more thought provoking dystopian novel. I am chiefly speaking about means Capitol used to achieve complete control over the districts, so that they were so beaten down that they didn't rebel against the Hunger Games for almost a century. Besides systematic starvation of the population (and other kind of deprivation), there must have been layers and layers of complex strategies messing with the very way of thinking of people, making them accept such practices in a natural way (similarly to how we accept, let's say, single parenting). I wish there had been more discussions of such regard in the books; how exactly does a dystopian world-view form in the eyes of ordinary people. However, since it's not an option, Tilphousia and I decided to lightly touch upon these issues in our story through the eyes of the mentors. And, well, to those of you who are surprised at the Chaff/Seeder development in the end - they're two sexy people, come on? ;) All recognizable characters belong to Suzanne Collins. No copyright infringement intended.