paint. I am now the sole owner of this bakery, and the only remaining member of my family. I often think of my life back then, and while mine wasn't the perfect home life, I at least had people I could call my family. Many things have changed since then. My life now is uncomplicated. There aren't many things in it. Running the bakery takes up most of my time as I open it every day of the week. My mornings and evenings are spent with Katniss. We sit together and just do ordinary things like eat and watch TV, I tell her about my day at the bakery, let her know if anything eventful happened, or fill her in on any gossip I may have heard. She laughs when I tell her something funny and I am reassured that I make her happy for a few seconds in some small way. I love her laugh so much. As quickly as she starts laughing, she stops and I am again reminded how my affection has never really been enough for her. I spend my nights in my home alone and these are at times the worst moments for me. I am revisited by nightmares and have no one to hold me. I don't tell Katniss, she has enough going on in her own mind. Katniss and I have never spent a night together since we came back here. Sometimes I stay with her until she falls asleep but never until she wakes. We kiss sometimes too. Not as much as I would like to, but I don't complain. Still, she remains the dearest person in my life now, more precious to me than life itself. She is the girl I love. The girl I have always loved from the moment I saw her, and will always love until the day I die. I feel her sadness every time I am near her, but I also feel it ebb away slowly when I hold her. When I kiss her, I feel myself draining all that pain from her and absorbing it into me. As soon as my arms let her go, I watch as it all seeps back into her face. Those grey eyes which burned with passion start to lose their colour, as if a light inside her has gone out and she isn't really here at all. I try so hard to bring her back so I can keep her with me. I love her. I know she cares about me, deeply. She saved my life, and she stood by me. She loves me in her own way. Yet her love is such a complex one. We are bound together through our experience, and through a connection that no one can understand. When I kiss her, although her lips are on mine, I do not feel her return my kiss. The hands that tended to my wounds and protected me do not grip mine as tightly when I hold them in mine. Something holds her back and doesn't allow her to let herself go. She cannot dare to feel the pleasure that comes with sharing love. I know she feels she doesn't deserve it and I endeavour to make her see the good things about her which I love. She is fiercely loyal, brave, spirited, caring and loving. She would do anything to protect me, and she always has. She is amazing. This is why I love her, but I hardly ever get to see that girl anymore. She has locked herself away – not just from me but from everyone. She refuses to like anything about herself. I know the real her so well but sometimes, she could be someone I just don't know at all. She has played so many different roles in my life - my friend, my lover, my protector, my partner, my enemy and now my love. She makes me complete. We live next door to one another but her mind has put many oceans between us. Her heart is closed, hidden behind walls so tall and thick that even the force of my love which I tirelessly shower her in cannot break them down. I know it is because she has been hurt so many times, endured agonies too painful for someone so young and seen horrors far beyond anybody's worst nightmares. She blames herself for everything that happened, and most of all, she blames herself for what happened to me. I see it in her eyes. Her sister's death only compounded her self-loathing and lack of joy or interest in life. I don't know how to take that away so I just concentrate on giving her the small moments of joy that I can. I will never leave her. I can't. She has ingrained herself into my mind, my life, my heart and my soul. She did that the moment I first laid eyes on her. The president's speech which is taking place next week in the rebuilt Square will be tough for her, just as each and every reminder of the people we have known and lost is. Not that we need reminding, those faces will haunt us for the rest of our lives. Most people will attend, as she was the Mockingjay. Most people credit her with the fall of the Capitol and hold her in high regard – she is the reason we all enjoy the freedom we have now. She has been forgiven by everyone for the death of President Coin, her mental state deemed far too unstable and tortured to have been able to be thinking soundly when she fired that arrow. Katniss is guest of honour, and her attendance is obligatory. I am her rock and her light, and as always - my place at her side is also compulsory. I am the only person she trusts and I will never let her down. /To be continued... Thanks for reading. All comments and reviews welcome :)