woods, and fell into a deep sleep. Later I was in a robe on my bed. The problem? Well, I never woke up. I was naked under the robe and at the edge of the bed sat no other than Peeta Mellark. I sat up and stared at him in disbelief. He smiled meekly at me. "Hey." "What-did you? How? Why? What?" "Um," he reached at the back of his neck. "you were kinda asleep when I came into the bathroom. The water was cold already; I didn't want you to get sick. I'm not sure how long you were in there but I took you out and..." He doesn't seem able to continue. His face flushes a deeper shade of red and he looked down. "You took me out?" He nodded. "Naked?" He nodded again. I knew he had already answered these questions but I didn't know what to do. "Um...thanks, I guess." He looked up and tried a genuine smile. "You're not mad?" "What would it serve of? Plus, you're making it impossible for me to stay mad at you." He smiled. It was a beautiful smile, like the rest of him. "You're welcome then, I guess." I don't know what motivated me to do the following, maybe it was the realization of the fact that this beautiful man was all mine. I smiled. "But...it's not fair." He looks at me confused. "You've seen me but I haven't seen you." I made my way to him and straddled him. His eyes widened. "Kat, I don't-" I hushed him. "We don't have to do anything. I just want to see you, for you to see me, to hold me until i fall asleep." The last few words fell to a hushed whisper. I mustered my courage for I was about to do next. "I've barely had any time with you to myself." I said as I undid the string of my robe and slipped it off my shoulders. I shivered when my still wet hair touched my back. I was now bare to him. He seemed to be struggling not to touch me. "You can touch me, Peeta." I wanted him to touch me. No , I needed him to touch me. "Please touch me." I wanted to touch him-needed to, craved it. I pulled at hem his shirt while I admitted it, all of it, to myself. I, Katniss Everdeen, craved the feel of Peeta, craved his touch. Needed it. "I don't know if I'll be able to stop myself." "I trust you." I did, I always have. Since the moments with him in the damned, yet blessed cave in our first arena. Where we unknowingly vowed to protect each other, no matter what. Why I ever doubted it, seems so unclear now, so stupid. He didn't say anything or even nod, he just lifted his arms and allowed me to take off his shirt. I ran my fingers along the top of his shoulders, he shivered and his fingers gripped my hip. I took it as a good sign and ran my hand down his chest. When I reached the waistline of his pants, I stared at his excitement. It looked pretty big and for some reason it filled me fear and lust. "You don't have to do this." "I want to. If I shouldn't be embarrassed, neither should you." He looked like he wanted to say something and I had a feeling I knew what it was. I undid the zipper and the button of his jeans while he kicked off his shoes. I pulled the material of his pants and boxers down and when I could pull down no more, Peeta stood up and I locked my legs around his bare hip. I pulled down the rest of that I could of his pants and he sat back down before I could fully register how amazing it felt when his member was pressed up against me. He struggled off the rest of his pants. We laughed as he struggled with his socks, eventually giving up and lifting up his each leg and pulling then off. He made his way to the middle of the bed, carrying me along with him, making it difficult but not impossible. I pushed down on his chest and stared at him in awe. How could something that I was once too freaked out about make me feel the way I was feeling? I finally felt what a woman was supposed to feel when she looked at a man she truly wanted; with lust and love. Of course, his body was marked with scars, as was mine but each one of them was intriguing and beautiful. "Peeta," I breathed out. "you're-" "Horrible, I know." "Beautiful." I looked at him. "You're beautiful, Peeta Mellark." "Not nearly as much as you." I laughed. "Peeta, look at me, I'm covered in scars. This is not what a girl my age is supposed to look like, she's supposed to be smooth skinned with no major scars all over her body." "Katniss, we all have scars, it's part of what makes us who we are and you are mine, Katniss Everdeen." "And you are mine." I whisper. He pulls me down on top of him and gently rolls us over. "I love you. Don't ever forget that." "I never will. I love you." He smiled and then he chuckled. "What?" "You said it." "What? That I loved you? I've said it before." "I'll never get tired of hearing it" "Good because you'll be hearing it a lot more." And it was true. Since the moment I told him it was real, I knew it was. I knew there was no point in hiding it. That night was spent in strong embraces, caresses, and soft kisses. Not once did he hurt me or take anything too fast. That was the Peeta I knew and the one I would hold on to no matter what. Flaws and all.