room as quietly as I can, and I change into my swimming gear, before pulling a light dress over me. I slip on a pair of sandals and walk toward the door. When my hand grips the handle, however, I am suddenly reminded of what I am actually doing. I'm going out on the night where there are many Peacekeepers out and on the day of the reaping, since it is now the morning. I pull the door open, and force myself outside before I can say stop. The night is cool, but still humid enough that I'm not cold at all. There are a few lights on here and there, but there is mostly darkness. Some of the incredibally dark patches and shadows freak me out a little, but before long, my eyes adjust to the amount of light, and I can see almost perfectly. I take the short way to the beach this time, because I want to get there as fast as I can, but also taking the short way means I don't have to pass the Justice building, and there is no way I'm doing that at this time of night. I get to the beach in no time at all, and I don't regret going now. Being here at the beach means that I can indulge in the tranquil waters that let me escape everyday life. This simple matter creates a restful sensation that flows though my body, and I allow it to. Being here makes me realise how much I'll miss District 4 if I have to go tomorrow. How much, I don't want to go to the Capitol. I mean, I've never wanted to go, but being here extends that thought. I pull off the dress and lie it on a rock. The sea has come in a lot, but there's still a small strip of sand. I take a step onto the sand, soaking up the wetness of the grains that almost immediately stick to my toes. Then I take one step after another, until my feet are ankle deep in the water. I'm suddenly enclosed in my little world again, and I feel safe to be here. I stretch my arms out, like I did yesterday, but this time I soak in the moonlight. All is quiet, until I hear a splash to my left. My natural reaction is to look to see what it is, but I wish I didn't. He's waist deep in water, making random shapes with his finger in the sea, creating ripples that even extend to me. Why did he have to be here? Can't I ever escape him? At first, I try and ignore him. I'm not creating much water movement myself, so what are the chances that he's going to see me? After two minutes of so, however, I opt for plan B, because he suddenly starts walking towards where I am. He's walking towards the exit to the beach, but I'm in the path, just like he was in mine earlier. He's not looking at me, he's looking at his feet. Now he's the one not looking where he's going. Then again, since it's probably near three in the morning, then he's got more of a motive to not look where he's going, but he shouldn't bump into one. Well today is his lucky day, because I'm not letting him see me. I scramble upon one of the rocks, but there's a little patch of water that my foot catches, and I slip down behind them. I'm where I wanted to go, but it does hurt. That, and it created a rather loud noise which Finnick Odair obviously heard, because he looks up with a startled expression. "Who's there?" He calls, and I bite my lip in the hope that he doesn't hear me. At this moment, I'm trying to debate with myself as to whether this really was a good idea, because right now I'm trapped on a beach on the morning of the reaping with a certain Victor trying to find me. Not the best way to start a day. I crouch here for five minutes or so before he decides it was probably nothing. However, he doesn't leave the beach, but he goes back to the place he was before. I slowly get up, making sure that I can't be seen. My feet make a slight slapping noise on the hard rocks, but as soon as I reach the sand, I'm out of the danger zone. My dress it still lying on the rock, but I take it off and place it over my head. I realise that even if Finnick did leave, I was never going to get round to swimming. Instead, I lie on the beach. I don't know why, because I should be watching Finnick, but I have better things to do. So I lie on the beach, and close my eyes. I dream of better. With the sea in the background, I am no longer thinking of terrible nightmares, but of happy moments. Memories. The first one that comes to my head is the memory of when Ellery first asked me to play with her. I was four, and she was two. It was a Summer day, and she had been playing with her toys by herself for a while, but then she toddled over to me, and in her little voice requested something. "Play?" She asked. I was a little shocked at first, since she'd never said that word before, or at least not in front of me. Just to prove her point, she placed a toy fish in my lap, and looked at me with an expression that means you couldn't say no. My head keeps replaying memories, up until they start to merge into dreams rather than memories. I think that's when I completely fell asleep. Well it must be, since the next thing I know is when I wake up...in my bed.