go of his hold around neck. I wrap him in the jacket and rub small circles into his back to help him feel more secure. "I'm here Rye, you're safe now, I won't leave you, I promise," I tell him. And then I sing. I have not sung to anyone since Rue. I sing the Valley Song to Rye, the song that will always remind me of Peeta, the song that made him fall in love with me. I sing on as Gale's quiet steps enter the house and he makes his way in to us. Gale gasps as he enters the kitchen: I don't know if it's from seeing Barley's body or me on the floor singing to a very-much alive child. I stop singing as the two soldiers from 13 step into Peeta's kitchen with us. "I found a survivor," I growl at the two soldiers from 13, furious that they had not found Rye sooner. "I thought you said thirteen's best did a sweep the village before letting me come here." I glare at them. "Catni…" Gale starts to try and calm me, only for the solder on the right to cut him off. "Do you know the child, soldier Everdeen?" he asks almost coldly. "Yes," I say as I stand, Buttercup hissing as my bag swings and hits my leg. Rye whimpers and fists my shirt with all the strength in his small hands. I pull him even closer to me so he knows I won't let anyone take him from me and that he is safe. "His name is Rye Mellark." "Mellark?" the solder on the left asks me, his voice not holding the cold edge to it. "He is Peeta's nephew. He is family," I add just in case the soldier tries to say I can't bring him. But they don't and I feel bad for the hurt I see in Gale eyes as I claim Peeta's family as my own. I hate myself for putting it there but I will not let anyone take Rye from me. The look of hurt drains out of Gale's eyes as he discreetly assesses Rye's health. He locks eyes with me and I know he's saying ' You're calming him to protect him.' "We need to get him to thirteen. Get him feed and to a doctor." Gale says in a commending voice to the two solders. One of them adds how we need to go now because we are 48 minutes behind schedule. I have to keep from rolling my eyes at him. District 13 is all about their schedules. Gale leads Rye and me out of the house and through of ruins of District 12. I concentrate on the feel of Rye in my arms to keep from looking at the remains of the people who did not make it out alive, the people I killed with my impulsive act in the arena. At least I no longer have to put Rye on the list of people who are dead because of me. When we get to the Meadow, Gale helps me get Rye and myself up the ladder and into the hovercraft. He takes my hunting bag and gives me a look when he hears Buttercup hissing form inside. "So it was the cat you had to go back for." Gale smirks at me, knowing full well I hate the cat, but also how much Prim loves him. "No, I must have known deep down I would find Rye if I went back and that he needed me." Both Gale and I know I'm lying, but it seems to make Rye relax into my arms more, and he slowly falls asleep. No. the truth is, I came back because I had to see the remains of District 12 for myself. I had to see the dead. I just could not believe it was gone, that there was no more District 12. It's not that I didn't believe everyone, I knew they must be telling me the truth, but another part of me could not put to rest that 12 was gone with out seeing it myself. It's a good thing the authorities in 13 give in and let me come to District 12. Rye would have died too, most likely of starvation. The thought brings tears rolling down my face. I close my eyes as my thoughts start to jumble together images of Rye lying dead next to his father in Peeta's kitchen, the ash filled streets, the burnt-out houses of 12, Peeta jumping out of his sketchbook yelling at me about how I failed him and the people of 12. I have to block out my thoughts and try to remember again why I'm sitting in a hovercraft with Rye sleeping in my arms. I have to remind myself that my thoughts are jumbling because of the side effects of the medications the doctors are weaning me off of. So I use the technique one the doctors suggested. List off all the thing I know to be true, staring with the simplest and working up to the complicated. My name is Katniss Everdeen. I am seventeen yours old. My home is District 12. I was in the Hunger Games. I escaped. The Capital hates me. Peeta was taken prisoner. He is thought to be dead. I am living in District 13. Rye, Peeta's nephew, has been fond alive and I will do everything in my power to keep him that way. OOO Author's Note: This is the first chapter to a story idea that I had that I don't see myself continuing, so feel free to take the first chapter and whole story and make it your own. The underlying idea is 'How would having a member of Peeta's family alive and well effect the story of Mockingjay and Peeta's recovery?'. All I ask is that if you use the first chapter, to note that it was written by me. Thanks for reading!