interrupts the heat rays. The sky is blue and the birds are singing. It's the perfect day to volunteer as tribute. I swagger down the street, my head held high and my eyes looking forward. I pause in my tracks as I hear footsteps behind me. "Hey, Kelvin!" Kaitlyn calls out to me, her blonde hair flowing wildly as she runs. "Hi Kaitlyn" I say as she skids to a halt by my side. "Where are the others?" "Marvin and Leo were with me, but I'm faster than them, so they're lagging behind somewhere" She replies, looking behind us. I turn too and spot Marvin and Leo jogging down the road. "Hey, what took you guys so long?" Kaitlyn asks, glancing at her nails. Marvin stands, clutching his side, gasping for breath. "It's hot today; *breath* hard to run without *breath* sweating like a *breath* pig" Leo laughs. "You are a pig, man. Big, fat and pink" "I'm not fat, I'm just..." Marvin doesn't quite finish his sentence, due to his heavy huffing and puffing. "Of size?" Kaitlyn offers. We all crack up laughing, except Marvin, who stands glaring at us. "Oh lighten up, man" Leo says to him. "Have a sense of humour" "I have a sense of humour! I just don't find it particularly funny when you call me fat" "Oh sorry, what about 'teetering on the edge of self destruction due to high intake of food'? Is that any better?" "Fine, I may be a little larger than you, but at least I don't have a dodgy nose" "It's not dodgy!" "It's all crooked and bony" "Don't offend my nose, you fat ass" "Vulture nose" "Guys, enough already" I say, stepping between them. "Today is supposed to be about me" They give each other one last glare and then shake hands, apologising. God, they're such idiots sometimes. No, make that all the time. "Oh, so you're volunteering then?" Kaitlyn brings the conversation back. "Uh huh. I've been training for years, waiting for this day. This is my year, guys" I say, flexing my muscles. "Well then, Mr Muscle, future winner of the 500th Hunger Games, I think it's time to sign in" She says, gesturing to the desk. "You bet it is" I grin, walking over to the desk and signing my name in. Kaitlyn walks off to the other side of the stage, standing with the group of seventeen year old girls. While Marvin, Leo and I go and stand with the eighteen year old boys. Most people automatically make space for me to walk, but the occasional little dork stands in the way. I have no trouble pushing them out of the way though and they soon get the message. Everyone from school knows me as 'Guns of Steel', and the name is pretty self explanatory: I have arms so solid that I could knock down walls. It's true, and all the ladies love it as much as I do. A group of girls from across the way smile at me, a few of them even winking flirtatiously. I give them my famous grin and eyebrow raise and I swear one of them nearly faints on another. I sigh, life is so good. And it's about to get better. I stand impatiently through the annual speech, then yawn as the female tribute is chosen. I can't wait to volunteer and get on that stage. Can't wait to make my dad proud. Over ten years of training will pay off and I'll be able to carry on our tradition of sons becoming Victors. It's been running in his side of the family for a few generations now. First my great-great-great grandfather became a Victor, then it was passed on to his son and then his son and so on. Now it is my turn to continue the Galloway title. "And now for our male tribute!" The girl from the Capitol announces, holding up a slip of paper. This is it, my big moment... "Tobias Spine!" The moment I've been building up to my whole life has finally arrived... "I VOLUNTEER!" I yell, pushing my way through the crowd. I make no hesitations as I make my way to the stage. I can hear people muttering, some exchanging money. They must have bet on me. Well, I am a Galloway, it's in our blood to volunteer... and win. "Well then, you seem very eager" "Eager is my middle name" I grin. "As well as my last name being Galloway" "Ah, the famous Galloway tradition. I think we have our winner already, ladies and gentlemen; this is District Two's year!" A/N- There's 1 and 2 done. What do you think of Kelvin and Brooklyn? They're both pretty tough... But what about Bryn? Are you shocked that there were no volunteers for her? And Ren, do you feel sorry for him? Let me know all your thoughts and answers to these questions in a review! I'd love to know what you think of these characters so far! Also, thank you to all that submitted these tributes, I hope I've written them right! District 3 and 4 should already be up now! Thanks, FireflyLlama xxx And here is the full list of all the tributes! Thanks to all that submitted! District One: Male: Ren Elmwood, 18 Female: Brooklyn Virgona, 18 District Two: Male: Kelvin Galloway, 18 Female: Bryn Rosella, 14 District Three: Male: Fickle Fletch, 12 Female: Inva Reinhardt, 16 District Four: Male: Tal Fontaine, 16 Female: Layla Roberts, 13 District Five: Male: Raymond Periwinkle, 18 Female: Victoria Buchegger, 17 District Six: Male: Jacob Finney, 18 Female: Harper Sanders, 16 District Seven: Male: Phosphorus Vox, 14 Female: Arya Firestone, 16 District Eight: Male: Guthrie Zython, 17 Female: Annabeth Rylie, 15 District Nine: Male: Zephyr Torelli, 15 Female: Elodie Torelli, 15 District Ten: Male: Horacio Francis, 17 Female: Rhea Blakemore, 14 District Eleven: Male: Brandon Thiessen, 18 Female: Luna Damion, 16 District Twelve: Male: Kay Grinestone, 16 Female: Heidi Fitzherbit, 16