to make idle chat with Brad, until one of the employees shouts, "20 minutes till Reaping!" I'm about to respond to Brad's former question, when it strikes me that I have not told my friends I plan to volunteer, so I not-so-gracefully work it into the conversation, "So, what do you guys think about me volunteering?" Brad looks dismayed, he has always had an extreme dislike for the Games, but Ashen, surprisingly, looks absolutely radiant. She abandons her attempts to be angry with us and stands up, dancing in a circle squealing, "Oh this is so, so exciting!" She reaches over and starts shaking Brad, "Can you believe it? We'll be best friends with a victor! And one of the youngest in the history of District Two!" "But what if he doesn't..." Brad is interrupted by a slap to the face, and Ashen then turns to me and tells me, "Don't listen to him Cato you're a natural! You'll be victor for sure!" She sits on our table, only to leap of moments later, saying gleefully, "Ooh! I know what you should do to look more tough and such! Go to the Training Center! You always look angrier after a workout! Great idea, right! Yes? Yes!" Ashen claps her hands together out of pure delight. She snatches her purse, and hurries out of the store, calling over her shoulder, "See you at the Reaping!" "What are you going to do?" Brad asks. I look at him and shrug, walking out of the store, heading towards the destination suggested to me by Ashen. The Training Center is just up the street, and has a secluded entrance just like that of Victor's Village. Only this path is tread upon less frequentlly, and by people of lesser importance. It leads to a large, industrial like building, complete with a state of the art gym and mini hospital. I've spent sevral hours here, perfecting what I prefer to call a craft. In the time I spent at Victor's Village, I always heard from the mentors of that years games that other mentors complained about our training system. Apparently, Districts One and Four also trained, though our's was the most successful. The other mentors thought we were undeserving of this training, that it wasn't fair. But it is. The Hunger Games were created as punishment for being rebellious, but what District did not rebel? District Two. And since we were not excluded it is only fair that we had the best training for the Hunger Games. I throw open the heavy, metal doors and brush past the secratary. I do not need to perform the neccessary check-in process. The lady behind the desk knows me well enough to let me in without interfering. I walk down the corridor, my destination being the gymnasium, a place located only a hallway away. I burst through the doors, and immediately set myself up at the sword station. A fresh row of dummies is set up, and I grab a short, sturdy sword, and swing it to find its weight. I immediately lah out with my wepon, decapitating the head of the dummy in front of me, and then attack the vital organs of the next dummy. I continue down the row, cutting up the dummies in all different ways, but all just as deadly. When I have finished, I throw my sword back to the table of swords similar in its size. I pass the hand to hand combat arena, for I am lacking someone to spar with, and laugh mockingly at the dainty little knives, arranged from smallest to largest on a table, targets hanging on the wall waiting to be peirced by the blades. I do, however, stop at the spear station, and grasp one by the shaft and heave it at a target. Bullseye. I smirk, and throw another. And another. And another. Every spear I throw helps clear my mind, and when all but one spear remains, so does one thought: should I volunteer? I will gain nothing from going this year, except my mother's health. 'Or will I?' the ugly thought appears before I can stop it, and others follow, in a chain reaction, 'What would your family do if you lost?' 'What would happen if your mother can not be healed?' 'What happens if she is dead before you return?' Confusion rages inside me, and I decide that I must fight for my mother. And I am resolved, until one little, nagging voice in the back of my head whispers, 'I thought you weren't fighting for her anymore.' I angrily throw the spear, and it hits the back of another spear with a deafening crack. I realize that even though I am an amazing fighter, I will not go fight for my life unless I am the best that I can be. That some sick part of me will not let me risk my life for the life of someone who may never be healed anyway, not even if that person is my mother. And the sick part of me wins out. This is not my Reaping, but next. Next year I will slaughter every last tribute. Next year I will return as the Victor. "Attention to all employees," the loudspeaker crackles, "The Reaping begins in 5 minutes. All those interested in seeing the Reaping may go to the center of town now. Thank you." I walk out of the gym, and quickly exit the Training Center. I hurry down the hill, my feet smacking against the black pavement, rushing to the center of town for one of the biggest events of the year. Author's Note: Well, here it is. The first chapter. I apologize if I made Cato a little bit too badass or not manly enough, its my first fanficton from a male's POV. I hope you guys enjoy and please, please, please review! (\_/) (^.^) o See this bunny? He would love you it if you reviewed! o (")(")