I kicked them from behind and managed to wiggle my way out of their grasp. I picked up my bow just as they lunged for me again. They tried to pin me down, but I was stronger and in an instant, I was on top of my attacker, which turned out to be the girl from eight, my bow pointed over her skull," She gave a quick laugh. "The look on her face: priceless. I was just about to shoot her when another tribute grabbed my shoulder and jerked me backwards with a force, even I didn't expect. It was the boy from nine, and before I had time to react, he hit be on the head with a rock," I glanced up at her head, surprised to see it covered in slick, dry blood. How could I have not noticed this when she first came back? Ayanna shrugged. "Sure, It hurt for a few seconds, but after he hit me . . . he didn't hit me again. He saw the blood on my head and, I don't know, freaked. He just froze, and that was all I needed. I shot him in the neck and just as I turned to finish the girl from 8, she was gone. But," Ayanna pulled something out of the pocket in her jacket, "She dropped this." I reached for the little thing and realized it was a gold cross, attached to a golden chain. "It's her token." I said, passing it to Alto. Ayanna scoffed. "So what, she's some religious freak. She's gonna die anyway." I smiled at Ayanna just as the anthem started to play. We all stayed perfectly quiet and yes, there was Gladius. His smug expression was still plastered to his face and all I was thinking was, I warned you. I told you, you weren't going to win. That you were going to die. After Gladius, as promised, was the boy from 9. Wow, there was hardly any boys left in these games and it was only day 2. Sleep that night was just as agonizing as the night before. I was frozen to the core, but I did get my own sleeping bag. Reanalyzing, I asked myself if that was even a good thing. Sleeping back to back with Ayanna meant preserved body heat, but barely any room to move. Now I had room, but no body heat. Hmmm. I was also on watch for the first half of the night, so I sat outside the tent with a torch, my head pounding and frozen. The wind blew harshly at my cheeks and lips, breaking the skin. I touched my lips sheepishly, to find them chapped and dry. I blew out puffs of air to see my breath crisp and cold before me. Nothing interesting was happening and my eyes were starting to droop, so I turned off my torch and started heading back to the tent to switch with Alto. Then I stopped dead. Squinting, I crouched down to the ground and pulled out my knife. Yes, there was definitely a shadow moving through the snow. I crouched down even more so that I was lying flat in my stomach. The shadow moved closer and closer but from the way they were moving, it didn't look like they were worried about being seen. In fact, they might have even been trying to be seen. Not even daring to breathe, I crawled forward the tiniest inch and squinted at the shadow. It was heading for the tent I think, from where I could see. I wanted to do something, but . . . I didn't know what to do. Attack? Simply stay put and hope she didn't notice me? I shrugged off that idea immediately. I came here to kill and that's exactly what I'm going to do. Crawling a few metres forward I lunged for the shadow. I'd been counting on the element of surprise but this tribute was fast. I barely had time to react before her fist collided with my face. I flew backwards, my head hitting the snow hard and causing a few seconds of dizziness. But I shrugged that off, my adrenalin overpowering the sick pain in my nose and sprang out of the snow, my knife poised and ready to strike. But she was on me again (and I could tell it was a girl, because when she'd lunged for me, her hair had whipped me in the eyes, blinding me for the slightest moment, which was enough time for her to pin me to the ground and yank my hair backwards) She slammed me down hard and my eyes saw stars. I felt warm, wet blood seeping through my scalp. But before I had time to even comprehend the pain, I was greeted with a new sort of pain, but this time on my leg. I heard a huge riiiip and the fabric of my tights was torn away. I squirmed and kicked but she'd pinned me down to hard. She tore away the fabric of my other legs tights and I cried out in pain, but this was the situation I'd been taught to handle and my instincts were good. Wiggling my body as best as I could, I stretched out my hand for a knife sitting a few centimeters away from my fingertips. Riiiip more fabric is torn away, this time from my jacket. I'm so close. The snow is ice on my skin. Just reach a bit further. Riiip. The knife was in my hand before she had time to react and the next thing she knew, my knife was in her eye. She squealed, not exactly a warrior cry, and jumped off me, clutching her eye. I leapt up after her, getting a better look at her face. The girl from 6, Bloodwen. She screamed and screamed, tenderly touching around the area where the blade pierced her eye. I smirked, stepping forward and grabbing her neck.