hasn't said anything about last week. Which is worse than if she had said something because if she wasn't sure what was going she would question me, that's how she is. But her silence tells me more. It tells me she knows I thought I was drawing Gale. She knows I'm not sure what to make of it. Hell, she knows more about me than I do. I lean my head on the arm rest, hoping I might go to sleep. I doubt it, the sun's still up. Too late to hunt, too early to sleep. I take longer breaths, hoping I'll relax myself into unconsciousness. As I reposition my head I forget about the annoying plastic strip that seems to be attached to the sofa. A clear shiny strip, the length of a pencil runs parallel to the edge of the arm rest. It doesn't come off, like it's fused to the leather. I just don't see what use it may have. I go to the utility drawer in the kitchen. Amongst the tools it seems a screw driver is my best choice to pry the plastic off. I run my finger and thumb along both sides of the plastic rod at the same time, in a pinching motion, to see if there are any faults in the way it's fused to the sofa. As soon as I let go it begins to glow. I wait a second to see if it does anything else. Nothing. I swipe my hand along it again, still nothing. Maybe it's a night light. Just to be sure I swipe it again, in the opposite direction. The plastic rises up, out of the sofa. Then it stops and there's a glowing rectangle with rounded edges standing there. I pick it up and the light goes out, I see it was attached to the sofa by a power port of some kind. Suddenly it isn't see through, a screen appears. A home screen loads, one button says 'Cortex' the other says 'Files'. I press the Cortex button, but nothing happens. I press the Files button and a page with lots of different options loads. TV, Film, Books, Games, News and Weather are among them. I look through a few of them, finding I have a potential infinity of entertainment in my hands. The Books option, being my most anticipated interest, isn't as full as I had expected. A little under fifty stories. I notice that they are all children's stories. I play a few games. They keep my hooked for a few minutes, but I soon find them dull. I then look through the encyclopedia, researching different animals, the history of the games, the history of the world. I look outside my window and see it's night time. Wow, time moved quickly. After watching a tutorial on how to turn it off, I attach the tablet back to its port in the sofa, and go upstairs to bed feeling a sense of enlightenment. After reading that winter-time is mating season for the white-tailed deer, I've been more vigilant when on the hunt. In a nutshell they're so horny and focused on getting laid that I have a better chance at killing one. I walk further than I usually do, a buzz of excitement and eagerness running through me. I squat behind a tree, waiting. In the distance I hear a slight clacking noise. I hear another and another. I follow it. My feet glide across the frozen ground. I hear grunts along with hard smacks as I get closer. From behind a tree I see two bucks, their antlers locked in battle. I observe them ram into each other a few times, trying to push the other back. They continue this for a while, until it becomes noticeable that one of them seems to get pushed back more often than the other. The further the fight drags on the weaker it gets, and the further back it gets pushed. It's obvious who will win. I see the two of them before me and I feel an odd sense of power. I can choose which will live. By choosing which will live I will also choose which will mate and reproduce. My knife is in the weaker buck's neck before the other even notices. It seems more logical to let the stronger one live, seeing as it'd be more likely to produce strong offspring. A concept I later learn to be the premise of evolution. After the stronger buck sees me and sprints away, I go to collect my reward. It takes four hours to lug the 250lb carcass back to the fence. I'm sweating like a pig and my arms and legs are drained. I take a small break then continue dragging the corpse. With a final mental push I drag the buck to the back door in under ten minutes. I peer inside, there I see in the entrance hall a group of five men. At first I think they're Gale's co-workers, come to attack me. Then I see one holding a camera. The other holding a boom microphone. I step back, still looking in, making sure I'm out of their view. Suddenly, Effie Trinket walks into my kitchen and sees me looking through the glass. "Peeta, what are you doing out there?" she asks, walking to the back door. Shit. She's going to see the deer, she's going to see my hunting weapons. She's going to know what I've been doing. A/N: Well, it's taken some time but here it is. I was going to ditch this chapter and rewrite it but I chose not to in the end. Peeta may be a bit ooc I don't know. Anyway, it'd love to hear what you think about it. If any of you could think of a better name than 'Aftermath' that'd be sweet. Also I've started another story. It's a Sherlock AU, so it'd be cool if you checked it out. Thanks!