might've heard her. Luckily, the sound was drowned out by the chatter of the room, but of course Haymitch caught it. She met his eyes out of the corner of her own before quietly gasping as he applied significantly more pressure and quickening his pace slightly. Effie surprised herself as she widened her legs slightly, giving him more access. Haymitch raised his eyebrows, and she averted her eyes back to her food. Pushing aside her panties, he traced her already wet opening, feeling her jump slightly. "So, Effie, having a nice time?" She turned her head fully towards him, giving up on hiding it. "You are just the wor-" Haymitch slid one of his fingers into her, effectively cutting her off. "Am I?" He asked, as Effie bucked her hips slightly. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath, opening them again as she exhaled, nodding. Pushing another finger into her, Haymitch started to pump them, never drawing them completely out. His smirk grew as he watched her breathing hitch, and her eyes glaze over, heavy-lidded. His attention was drawn to his tightening pants, and he swore mentally. Effie was right; this wasn't the place for this to happen. He tried to ignore it and focus on the task at hand, but the quiet whine Effie let out when he slowed his pace to check himself didn't help his situation. His readjusted his free arm, and did his best to cover it up. "Haymitch," Effie whispered, watching him. He looked back up at her, resuming his actions. "Hm?" He asked as she abandoned her utensil and dropped her hand to clutch the side of her seat, matching what her other hand had been doing. "I didn't know...I had such an effect on you," She was smiling faintly, and Haymitch half-shrugged. "Neither did I." Effie glanced at his erection and wished she was more daring; she wouldn't mind giving him a taste of his own medicine. But she wasn't, and settled for biting her lip again - she knew most men liked that, and hoped Haymitch was one of them. She didn't have the courage to touch him, in their current setting, at least, but she could do something visually. Narrowing his eyes slightly, his smirk disappeared. "What do you think you're doing?" He slowed his fingers, making Effie buck her hips again and bite her lip harder. "What are you doing?" She countered. "Already told you. Entertaining myself." It was Effie's turn to smirk. "Then so am I." Haymitch groaned silently. Of course she was. He withdrew his fingers and rubbed her again, and her smirk left instantly, and she closed her eyes, fighting to keep her breathing under control. Squirming, she ducked her head and dug her nails into the seat cushion, feeling her climax coming. Recognizing her body language, Haymitch slipped his fingers back into her, smiling victoriously. Effie rocked her hips in time with his pumping, which he'd increased ten fold. She whined again, and he felt her tighten around his fingers. He watched her face with fascination as her body tensed and she bit her lip again to silence herself as she came, eyes shut tightly and panting heavily. Effie slowly relaxed her muscles and drooped her shoulders, as Haymitch slowly removed his fingers. She opened her eyes and lazily glanced over, watching him bring his hand back into his personal space, turning it over. "Huh," he looked up at her, eyebrow cocked. "I didn't think this would cause such a... mess ." Her eyes widened as Haymitch brought his fingers closer to his face, inspecting them momentarily before sticking them in his mouth and sucking. " Haymitch !" She whispered, mouth agape in disbelief. He took on an innocent face, removing his fingers. "Don't have a napkin," he said simply. "Had to clean them somehow." Effie regained her composure and turned her attention to her skirt, wiggling as she pulled it back down, crossing her legs. Haymitch readjusted his own position, and the fact that Effie's taste was lingering on his tongue was definitely not helping his situation. Smiling slightly, she gave him a slow once-over. "Now, how would you react if I were to do that to you? Although I actually have a napkin, and wouldn't need to use my mouth." Haymitch snapped his head over. "You wouldn't," he challenged quietly. Effie squared her shoulders, picking up her fork again and poking at her food. "Says you," she said, a smile still on her lips. Haymitch groaned quietly, leaning his head against the back of his chair. Feeling a presence behind him, he opened his eyes to see an Avox, holding a fresh glass of whiskey, looking at him wide-eyed. "Oh," he said, averting his eyes, a blush slowly creeping up his face. "Good thing you guys can't talk, huh?" He reluctantly raised his arm, offering up his empty glass. The Avox took it and placed a new one in his hand, trying to avoid looking at his lap. Her gaze flickered to it anyway, and she turned and hurried off. He swore under his breath, taking a quick drink before shifting, trying to hide himself again. Effie cleared her throat, and looked over and him, eyes mischievous. "I think I'm finished with my meal," she said. "And Octavia seems to be doing fine without me." Haymitch furrowed his brows. "So?" He asked, slightly confused. "So, it looks like you're finished, too. I'm thinking about excusing myself and retiring to my room...but not quite to bed yet," Realization dawned, and he nodded. "Yeah. Yeah, I'm finished. I could always keep you company, you know." Effie smiled innocently. "I know. And I'm hoping you will." Haymitch took another drink. "It'd be my pleasure, Miss Trinket." Welp. There it is. I'm sorry. * = lines taken from the book, even though I'm almost positive "This is golden" is from Catching Fire. I'm saying this to keep the credit to Suzanne, not take it for myself.