mind is so full with so many thoughts bouncing around I can't focus. I don't know how to voice what it is that is stirring somewhere inside of me. I'm staring right into his eyes, getting lost in them. They are like clear pools. I would love to just swim within their depths. What is this feeling? Then there's a light coming from the left side of me illuminating my arm. Slowly I tear my gaze away from Peeta and towards the light. Standing in the doorway to my house is my mother, Prim and Gale. My eyes grow wide taking him in. Gale is walking over to me, his hunting jacket flung open revealing a strong chest cloaked in soft gray fabric. His face says everything before he even opens his mouth. "I'll check on you tomorrow," Peeta says somewhere in the distance and then directs his next sentence to Gale, "She's been drinking." With that he walks off and I stare as the boy with the bread makes the trek back to his house. Gale grabs my hand and searches my face then he pulls me into a hug. "I should have listened to you," he whispers in my ear. Though my mind is cloudy I know immediately what he is referring to, the time when I took him into the woods and told him my plan to run away. To get as far away from District 12 as we could and find comfort and sustenance within the woods. Was that ever a reality? No, it could never have worked. There were too many people who I wanted to take with us that could never really understand the freedom behind the woods. "It's no use Gale," I whisper back. "It wouldn't have worked. I need to stay here." Then I find myself wrapping my arms around Gale and pulling him closer to me. I want to bury myself in the crook of his body, taking in his smell; the smell of long evenings in the woods and coal. Feeling the warmth radiating from Gale's body brings back fresh tears to my eyes. These hugs are numbered. Once I go back to the games, moments like this will never exist again. I pull away without another word and unsteadily head towards my home. Gale doesn't make an attempt to stop me; he knows that I will find him when I'm ready to talk about it further. The differences we may have had before the Quarter Quell announcement no longer matter within the least. My mother and Prim make an opening for me to pass through and I trudge my way up the stairs to my bedroom using both my legs and arms to propel me. I flop onto the cushioned bed still in the clothes that I ran around the Victors Village in. I can't be bothered to change. What does it matter? I don't sleep. My mind is buzzing and my body can't seem to stay still. I start rolling around on the sheets, back and forth, wrapping myself in the blankets like a caterpillar in a cocoon. I struggle against the fabric, wiggling like a bug trapped in the web of a prowling spider. And then I emerge, Katniss Everdeen, the seventy-fourth victor of The Hunger Games. The Girl on Fire ready to take on the world. I jump around on the bed examining my surroundings, committing everything to memory. You would never know that this is my bedroom. Nothing in this room reflects me. The walls are a powdery blue. The fireplace tile is a little too ornate for me. The bed is large enough to fit myself, Prim and my mother comfortably. There is no coal hiding in the cracks. I step down from the bed and peer through the window. It's positioned at the front of the house so I can see the entire Victor's Village and a little ways down to the square. The square that's changed so much since Romulus Thread and his group of Peacekeeper lackeys took over. I flop back on the soft cushioned surface, lying down on my back with half my body hanging off the end of my bed. Haymitch's words float back to me "You can stop hiding now." Stop hiding what? I don't think he was referring to all the illegal poaching I've done in the woods. No need for me to end up with red angry scars on my back like Gale. I know it has to do with something deeper than that. I'm known for being a very stoic person; hiding my emotions and dealing with them in private if I ever choose to deal with them. He must be talking about the way I feel about something. "Stop hiding," I whisper to myself, letting my feet play in the silky sheets. "Stop hiding your feelings Katniss." Stop pretending to be head-over-heels in love with Peeta Mellark because that didn't save you like you wanted it to. Stop keeping everything bottled up inside because you're afraid of telling the people you love just how much you care for them in case they are snatched from your grip. Stop acting like Gale is your cousin because he's not. Gale...my breath catches. What was it that I decided that night he lay on the kitchen table in a morphling induced state after his whipping? I said that, 'He is mine. And I am his.' During the next couple months I have to live, I owe it to him to see if there is anything there. Whatever that may be. Author Note ** Hello everyone! This is my first fanfic...ever, so I'm very excited and nervous about it. I'm really intrigued by The Hunger Games series which is why I chose to try my hand at writing my own interpretation of it. I welcome all comments and criticisms. I hope to make this story a lengthy one as long as people are showing interest in it :)**