was set a back again. If a girl by the age of six knew that, then surely everyone else did. "No, no, I didn't save your brother Sandy, Mark Reed did." Finnick hushed her, bending down. Sandy scowled, and stared at him in the eye for a long moment, and then smiled brightly, as if she had just been told a huge secret. "Sandy!" She heard a man call then, and both Finnick and the small child looked up. Russ's father, Mr. Darren, was running after his little girl, tugging Russ along with him. Sandy left Finnick to join the family, and hugged her father's leg. "There you are, you little chick!" The man said brightly. Russ cut away from his father's grasp, and ran over to Finnick. "Hey, thanks." He said when he got to him. Finnick watched his own father join Russ's father, and they shook hands. "What?" Finnick asked suddenly, as if he just knew Russ was there. "I said thanks, for nearly volunteering." Russ said, and gave Finnick a smile. "I did not do that." Finnick told him coldly. Russ's smile faded, but he laughed. "Finn, you basically followed me up there." "Mark saved your life, not me." Finn retorted, looking away. "No, Mark saved your life." Russ implied. "And thank you Finn." Russ said slowly. "Thank you." He repeated. Finnick looked back and nodded a little. "Do you think anyone else noticed?" He asked. "Oh, maybe. You did look pretty determined to join me up there." Russ said, and they both laughed. Then their father's joined them, and Sandy ran off to play with her friends. "What you laughing about boys?" Finnick's father asked them. Finnick and Russ looked up with faces of questioning. "We weren't laughing." Russ said; his face stony. Then their father's laughed as well, at how ridiculous his face was. Then the small Cresta girl hopped up to them, her features of disbelief. "Everyone was saying you were going to volunteer!" Annie whispered in shock. Finnick and Russ left their fathers laughing behind them; bringing Annie to the side of the square. "You were going to, weren't you?" She asked again. Finnick sighed and Russ crossed his arms over his chest. "Finn doesn't like the attention." Russ said matter-of-factly. Annie smiled and looked up at Finnick. "So that's your name!" She said, and held out her hand. "I'm Annie..." "I know who you are." Finnick cut her short, but shook her hand anyway. Then Annie looked at Russ, and held her hand out again. Russ shook it. "Glad to be acquainted with your presence Mr. Darren." She said politely, and Finnick and Russ burst out into laughter. "What?" She asked them, standing tall. Finnick looked up from his laughter. "You're so posh Annie, it's hard to believe." He said, and held his stomach while he laughed. "Yeah, it's like you're from the Capitol!" Russ exclaimed. Annie's face went bright red. "I am not from the Capitol!" She growled, her hands balling up into fists at her sides. Finnick then knew he was hurting her, so he stopped. "Sorry, Annie." He said quietly, and Annie smiled a little. At the feast that night Finnick was quite a hero. Many people had seen him walk up to volunteer before Mark, but he never got his chance. Finnick's father thanked Mark's father, a huge man with a stubby black beard and a bald head. Mark's father was extremely proud of his son, and was confident that he, or Lessa, was going to win. The bright blue sky gradually turned to black and the stars and moon appeared. His father's fish were the talk of the town too, Mrs. Cresta and Mrs. Odair and the other woman had been preparing the sea food since the reaping had finished. Men drank beer, laughing a little too much, and woman rolled their eyes at their husbands. People rejoiced all night long, saying that this year, like so many years before, they would win again. Also, on that night, Rhett and his two followers; Stan (A thin, barbarous, talkative boy) and Chas (A big, silent boy) approached Finnick, Rhett's misshapen smile piercing the boy. "Getting popular now Finny?" Rhett teased him, his hazel eyes as piercing as his horrid smile. Annie, who had hung around Finnick and Russ all night, stepped in front of Finnick. "Leave him alone ." She growled again like she did earlier. Rhett just laughed as he eyed the tiny Annie. "Got you a girlfriend Finnick, eh? Not much of a catch, is she?" Rhett said menacingly. Finnick stepped in front of Annie, right up to Rhett. "I would stop right there." He said, pointing at Rhett. Rhett smiled. "Oh? And what are you going to do about it?" Rhett asked, poking Finnick in the shoulder. "You're so thin I could break your arm just by looking at it!" Rhett said, and then Stan and Chas laughed behind him. "I mean seriously, you wouldn't be able to survive ten seconds the games, let alone win. What has your father been doing to you? Mine always said the Odair's were thin rakes who needed to be thrown out of the district." That hurt Finnick. He wanted so desperately to punch Rhett in the face. Maybe he could be more built up. He was strong, to a certain degree. All the years of swimming in the deep waters and hanging off the edge of a boat had built him up, in a way. But he knew he couldn't take up a fight with Rhett right now. He suddenly felt the heat of Rhett's breath, and he backed away, pulling Russ and Annie along with him. "Yeah! That's right! Not so tough now, are you Odair?" He heard Rhett shout behind him and the laughter of Rhett's 'friends', but Finnick just kept walking. He promised himself then, that if he ever had to be in that kind of situation again he would fight, and he would win.