out. I head back to my doorway to pick up my abandoned suitcase, leaving the door to my dorm slightly open. I remove the bedding jammed inside of it and toss it onto the bed I claimed, leaving the bunk-bed with a bed on top and a desk underneath for my roommate. I roll the suitcase to the closet, designate the left half of the space for me, and begin unpacking my clothes. Tanktops, t-shirts, a few long sleeve shirts and sweaters, two sweatshirts (one from my old school and one from Jayla's college), short-shorts, capris, leggings, jeans, athletic tops and shorts, two bathing suits, and the six pairs of shoes I brought to school manage to fit on the two hanging racks, three drawers, and the space underneath the drawers in my half of the closet. Hopefully my roommate isn't one of the preps that brings three suitcases for clothes alone. I fill the bookcase on the wall my bed is against with plenty of books: John Green, J.K. Rowling, Suzanne Collins, Veronica Roth, and several other authors' books make home on the shelves. I go and make my bed, place an ample amount of pillows, and fling myself onto it. I sigh in content, close my eyes, and, due to only sleeping 6 hours last night, fall asleep. A pounding sounds on my door, and my eyes flutter open to see Katniss standing in the doorway, one hand holding the door steady as the other hand knocks. "Kat," I greet her, jumping off my bed and landing on my feet. "What's up?" "It's quarter of 12, and I figured you'd want the grand tour of the place before all the douchedicks flood the place." she tells me. I let out a very loud laugh, and Katniss smirks at me, raising an eyebrow, "You think I'm kidding?" "No, I believe you. I mean, the combination of being spoiled, athletic, smart, preppy, and or attractive must really make the ultimate douchedick." I laugh, Katniss joining me with her much softer, less horse-like laugh. She steps out of the doorway, and I follow her to the elevator. After leaving the girls' dormitory, we walk a grand total of 25 yards to the boys' dormitory, labeled Maxwell. Katniss says something about how Maxwell and Blair were the names Principal Snow's grandson and granddaughter respectively, mumbling "I know too much about this school" at the end of her 'fun fact'. The two dorms are next to one another, a road in the middle of them. The office with the much-too-smiley lady is two buildings down, at the front gate. In between are the theatre and the library, and Katniss points out the gym behind the boys' dorms and the cafeteria a little bit up the hill. The academic buildings are up behind the caf. "It's too hot for the grand tour, so we can walk to the office and call it a day." Katniss laughs, and we head back towards the administration building. "I'll introduce you to my friends." As I'm about to respond, we turn the corner and I collide with something hard. I stumble back, and two arms wrap around me to keep me falling, and my hands go to the person's chest. "Sorry," I start, looking up and into two eyes that, I shit you not, were the same color as the water in the nearby ocean. I try to back up, but the boy keeps his grip. I see that his amazing eyes are on pale face with an angular jaw, and his blonde hair is spiked up to keep it from falling into his eyes. He flashes a smile, but, to put it bluntly, I'm too busy staring at his face. What was I gonna say? "My bad." He tells me, still smiling, as he slowly takes away his arms, still keeping the slightest bit of pressure that is able to send chills up my spine. Stop it, Clove. You don't even know him. Stop reacting this way to this guy who's probably the king of all the douchedicks. I mean, look at how he carries himself, and his clothes, and his eyes… The boy steps back, flashes a grin, and sends me a wink as he saunters off. Yeah, just like I thought. Katniss hooks her arm around mine and drags me around the corner, and then stops walking and whispers, "Congratulations, you just survived your first conversation with him. " I don't even bother asking why she said "him" like that, because I want to decide whether he is a good person or not for myself. Instead I ask, "Who was that?" "Think of him like this: he's the love child of God and Satan who was then put into human form because h-" "No," I say, shaking my head and smiling amusedly, "I meant what's his name?" "You just met Panem's own Cato King." A/N: hiiii :) I think it's time for the long first chapter author's note, hbu :) I know stopped writing a while ago, but I'm back I promise. so yaaaa I've been wanting to write a high school fanfic but I've just never really done it until now, so here it is and I hope you guys enjoy this This story will mostly, if not always, in Clove's POV. If you guys want a POV switch I'd be up for that, but the first 5 chapters or so will be Clove. (and if I change POV I stay that way for the entire chapter) T for a rating because of swearing and some alcohol and stuff and if I ever do like detailed smut I will make it 102% obvious that I am so you can skip over it if you feel uncomfortable reading that stuff, but I might not do scenes like that at all so don't worry. :) please please please review :) I want to know what you guys think and all of that jazz NU: Friday {3/28}