in the same hallway so you should be able to find it pretty easily. Do you want me to walk you there?" "Um, no I'm good." I say. I start to walk away before saying, "Thank you though. You know, for the ride." "No problem." he says. I turn and head down the hallway towards my first class. When I walk into the classroom, there are already a lot of people in there so I show my teacher my schedule then take a seat in the back of the room. A couple of minutes after I sit down, I hear a guy near me whistle, "Who's the new girl?" I hear him say. I look up and see a guy with bronze hair and green eyes. A girl with long dark hair smacks him and sits down in the empty seat next to me. "Hi, I'm Annie. Don't worry about him, he's like that with every girl. Are you new?" she says with a bright smile. "Yeah, I'm Katniss." I say, "I just moved here." She holds out her hand for my schedule and I hand it to her, "Oh good!" she says, "You're in my lunch so you can come sit with me and my friends." "Really?" I ask. "Yeah. I don't want you to sit by yourself." She says with a giggle. English goes by pretty quickly, as well as my next class. Annie is in my third class, American History, again and right after that is lunch. She takes me to her table where I see the guy who whistled at me in English and Peeta, as well as a few other people. "Guys, this is Katniss." she says brightly. "Hey Peeta," I say, sitting down across from him. "You know Peeta?" Annie asks me. "Um, sort of. He gave me a ride to school this morning." I say. "Oh ok." she says, "So let me introduce you to everyone." Finnick is the guy that whistled at me earlier, and the rest of the people at the table are Glimmer, Cato, Clove, Marvel, Thresh, Johanna, and Jackie. "So Katniss," Finnick says, leaning towards me, "When did you get in town." Annie smacks him again, "Stop it. You're going to scare her off." He laughs and I reply, "I actually just got here yesterday. I had been living with my dad in District 12." "Why did you move?" Clove asks me. Clove has dark, wavy hair. She is pretty small but seems kind of intimidating. "Um, my mom wanted me to come live with her. My parents are divorced and I hadn't seen her in a while." I say carefully. I don't want to tell them everything about my past. I mean, I did just meet them today. They ask me a couple more questions but then start talking. It's mostly gossip about people I don't know. But then the conversation comes back around to me. "So Katniss," Johanna asks slyly, "The winter dance is coming up. Think you might go?" I shrug, "Probably not. I don't think dances are really my thing" Glimmer groans, "Come one, you have to go. It's fun! We get all dressed up and we do each other's hair and makeup." She sounds really excited about that but honestly, that does not sound like something I want to do. "I think I'll pass. I mean I just got here. I barely know anyone." I say. "I bet someone will ask you to go." Thresh says. "Why?" I say curiously. "Because you're hot." Finnick says bluntly. I raise an eyebrow at him but Jackie jumps in, "He's right Katniss. If someone asks you, would you go." I shrug again, "I don't think anyone is going to ask me but maybe." I glance up and see that Peeta is staring at me. I look away quickly but the rest of lunch, whenever I meet his eyes, he glances away almost embarrassed. The rest of the afternoon goes by pretty quickly and after school I plan on walking home but Clove stops me. "Come on. I'll give you a ride home." she says. I accept and she leads me to her car along with Johanna and Annie. As soon as we pull out of the school Clove says, "So did you really not see it?" I look at her, confused, "See what?" "The way Peeta was looking at you during lunch!" Annie says with a huge grin on her face. "What do you mean?" I ask them. "Are you brainless?" Johanna asks, "He likes you." "What?" I stutter, "He just met me today. He doesn't like me." "Yes he does." Clove says. "I bet he asks you to the dance!" Annie says. "He's not going to ask me." I say quickly. He doesn't like me, I'm sure of it. "I bet you twenty bucks he'll ask you." Johanna says. I scoff, "You're on." I say shaking her hand. We pull into my driveway and I say goodbye to the girls and walk into the house. My mother is at work and Prim rides the bus home so she won't be here for a while either. I sit on the couch and think about what Clove said. He was looking at me a lot during lunch...but that doesn't mean he likes me. I've barely talked to him today. He doesn't know anything about me, he can't like me. I groan, why am I so caught up in this? This doesn't happen to me. What is this boy doing to me. Alright, so that's it for the first chapter. Hope you guys liked it! Also, I will be doing review responses at the end of every chapter so if you leave a review you will get a response. Any criticism is good and if you see any mistakes please point them out to me so I can fix them. Last, if you liked this please check out my other stories as well! Next chapter should be up soon