they all pressed a kiss to her hair and told her that they love her, to which she returned, "I love you too." When they were walking out the gate, Gale leant down to her and he said, "I will miss you Catnip, sweet dreams." She was left confused by his final words, where was she going? Katniss had no plan to leave her friends and family, but perhaps Gale would miss playing out side with her and Prim, maybe he was going away, Katniss always thought that Gale should join the army. The night after the Hawthorne's visit, Haymitch and Prim insisted to sleep in Katniss's room, so they did, they slept on the floor by her bed. They wanting to be in her room confused Katniss, but she allowed it, they seemed rather down lately. Katniss woke up that night, and found blue eyes staring down at her; Peeta's boyish grin appeared on his face when she saw him. Katniss sat up in her bed and whispered happily, "What are you doing here?" Peeta took both her hands in his, and he asked excitedly, "Would you like to come to Neverland with me?" Katniss cocked an eyebrow to his statement, and she questioned, "Now?" Peeta exclaimed, "Yes now Katniss! It's the perfect time, all my friends want to see you, and all the lost boys would love to meet you." A smile crept onto Katniss's face, and as she looked into Peeta's blue eyes, she knew that she couldn't decline. Katniss quietly replied, "I would love to join you in Neverland." "Katniss please don't go." Prim's small voice broke their little bubble, her eyes moved to her sister, to find tears staining the young girl's cheeks. Prim stood up and she asked, "Can't you stay?" Katniss looked back to Peeta, his expression was serene, it seemed his eyes glowed in the dim of the night. Peeta brought her hand to his lips and he said, "It is your decision Katniss." She looked back to her younger sister, and found Haymitch was now watching her, tears catch in his stubble as they roll down his cheeks. He said in a thick voice, "We love you, Sweetheart." "I love you too," Katniss responded, in a wistful tone, she smiled, and continued, "I will always love you." Prim let out a sob, and buried her face in her hands, Katniss turned back to Peeta and she nodded, he smiled at her, and she felt her body getting lighter and lighter. The wheezing stopped, and the sickness was gone, Katniss was finally floating like Peeta. Prim let out another loud sob, and Peeta said, "Don't worry Prim, I'll see you again soon." And just as Peeta and Katniss were about to leap off of the balcony, Haymitch said, "Take care of her." Peeta turned back around, and he said, "I kept Johanna safe, now I'll keep Katniss safe." And just like that they were gone, and as Katniss travelled through the stars, she felt herself let go completely, her body was lighter than ever and she closed her eyes. Peeta Pan never came back for Prim, since the day Katniss died, the young girl would wait for the time the blue eyed boy would soar through her window. As she grew older, and travelled the world, Prim heard stories of a blue-eyed boy, and a raven-haired girl that would dance from rooftop to rooftop, the sound of a flute and a melodic voice that trailed behind them. In some countries people would call them the 'star crossed lovers', other countries thought of them as fairies, nymphs that would bring fertility to those who needed it. But Prim knew what they were, she dreamt of her sister's gorgeous voice, and the sound of Peeta's pan-flute. A few weeks after Prim had her third baby, she woke to the sound of a beautiful voice, Prim dashed to the room, and found a girl with long flowing black hair, swirling grey eyes, she had a garment of green leaves hanging off her shoulders, and a golden crown of dandelions. On her left hand was a beautiful pattern, which wrapped around her ring finger, and then entwined up her arm. "Katniss." Prim breathed, in her sisters hands was her newborn baby, which was born too small and too early. Tears started streaming her face, and she let out a quiet sniffle. Behind Katniss stood Peeta, his eyes just as blue, and his smile just as big as they were the last time. Prim said, "Please don't take her." Katniss in a sweet voice replied, "Prim it's not our decision, it's the Lost Boys." Peeta looked down at the baby, and he asked, "What is her name?" "Belle." Prim answered. Katniss smiled, and held the small infant closer, she closed her eyes, and she whispered, "I'll keep her safe, Primrose. Don't worry." Prim nodded, she squeezed her eyes shut, and let her tears stream freely. It was years ago that Katniss left, and funnily enough, it happened in the exact same room as this one. Prim opened her eyes again to find them gone. She moved to the crib, and picked up the small bundle, and held it close. Prim murmured in a thick voice, "I know you will Katniss." So here is a little Disney/ Fantasy AU that I thought of, it might not be the first! I got inspiration for this fic from the gorgeous song, 'Lost Boys' by Ruth B, you should check it out. Growing up I knew Peter Pan as an angel, who took dying lonley children to Neverland, he would slowly ease their pain away and eventually they would escape to Neverland. Yeah I thought that this Fic would be a good idea, and I hope you liked it all! I love you all ~N (And to those who read Fidelity! Sorry! I came up with this and I couldn't stop writing it! The chapter will be up before next weekend!)