of him towards her room. The closer they got to her room, the louder the screams get. Peeta doesn't knock or even hesitate to barge into her room. When the doors are forced open, the screams get louder as they are no longer muffled by the wooden door. The sight before Gale saddens and terrifies him. He has never seen her like this. The covers are tangled around her, her forehead covered in a thin layer of sweat, cheeks covered in tears; eyes shut tightly and mouth agape in a loud scream. She flails and claws at the air for something that isn't there. He wants to go to her, to comfort her, but he is paralyzed, and he can only watch as Peeta goes to her side quickly, taking her in his arms and hugging her, rocking her back and forth as he whispers soothing words to her ear. Her screams die and is replaced by whimpers. "It's okay, Katniss. I'm right here. I'm not going to let them hurt you." He whispers in her ears as her screams fade into whimpers. She is shaking uncontrollably in his arms and he is certain it is not because of the harsh chill from the blizzard. He feels her pull back slightly as she wakes. She looks up at him with scared and tearful eyes. The image of her like this, scared and vulnerable, makes his heart break. He wipes away her tears with his thumbs and tells her it's going to be alright, even though they both know that isn't true. "Oh, Peeta" she whimpers as she reaches up to cup his face in her hands, testing whether or not he's really there. Tears silently slide down on her wet cheeks as she remembers her horrible dream. "They took you away from me." She whispered in a broken voice. "They dragged you away." "Shh, no they didn't Katniss. I'm right here. You're right here. We're safe." He tells her. She shakes her head "We're never safe." She chokes out. Peeta looks at the girl he loves and his heart is breaking at the sound of lost hope in her voice. He pulls her toward him and wraps his arms around her tightly. She does not protest and wraps her arms around his waist as she settles her head against his chest. "I'm going to keep you safe. I promise." He says to her as he kisses the top of her head "I'll protect you, and if not I'll die trying." She shakes her head "I don't want you to die. I don't want you to leave." "I'll never leave." He promises "Then stay with me tonight." Her tone is pleading, silently begging him to stay. "Okay." He answers as he slides into bed with her, not taking his arms off of her. She lays her head on his chest and lays her hand right under his neck, just above his heart as he wraps his arms around her shoulder and waist, saying soothing words into her ear. When she is at the edge of consciousness and sleep, she barely hears him say it, but she does, loud and clear. "I love you Katniss." "Hmm." She murmurs as she is finally pulled into a deep sleep. He closes his eyes, hoping that both of them will have a peaceful sleep tonight. But, just as he closes his eyes, he sees the figure of him, standing out the door, closing it. Gale sighs as he descends down the stairs. It had saddened him to see her like that, crying and weak and vulnerable because of the nightmares that haunt her at night. It had angered him that all of this is caused because of those wretched games and Snow. It had hurt him, that the only person that could calm her down was Peeta, that she had been looking for him, longing for him, thinking that the Capitol had taken him. She had cried for him and held him tightly as though she never wanted to let go for fear that he might disappear in thin air. He had been jealous, but he also knew that whatever she was going through, he was the only one who could comfort her, because he saw everything she saw, felt everything she felt and heard everything she heard. They share something that not even he or any other person can break. They share a bond so strong that they are inseparable. He knows, that she is probably denying it all of the time, trying to convince herself that they are only bound to each other due to the fact that they had survived those cruel games together, but he knows better. He means something to her, something great. But even though he knows this, he's not giving up. Not yet. He'll try and try until it is made clear by she herself. He'll try until she speaks those three words to Peeta and not to him. No, he won't give up. Not yet. Probably not my best work. I wrote this in just an hour and there is probably a lot of grammar or spelling mistakes since I was in a hurry to post this. I wanted to post this because it was my birthday yesterday and I just turned 14 so yay for me! Anyway, I wanted to post this as soon as possible since it was supposed to be posted on my birthday. The title is probably crappy too, but it was the only thing I could think of in like, 2 minutes, so forgive my lack of imagination. Anyway, they might have been a little OOC so if you have advice please, don't hesitate to review or message me! Thank you for reading this and please, favourite, review and add me as your favourite author! It'll be kind of like a birthday gift for me! XD Thanks guys! P.S. I wrote this in Chicago, so thank Chicago for giving me inspiration! -Kayla-thebored-