"Peeta," she starts uncertainly, and his eyes flutter shut, as if he's bracing himself for her onslaught. He's moving out. Might as well be honest with him, to at least keep him from thinking that she hates his guts. "I—I didn't mind," she says lightly, and he looks at her dumbly, mouth hanging slightly ajar. "I liked it," she blurts out, looking away. She cautions a look at him, out of the corner of her eye. He looks at her as if she's grown 3 heads. He clearly can't believe what she's said, and she squirms under his penetrative gaze. He doesn't say anything, but just looks at her, and she can't stand it. So she does something she'd been wanting to do forever, if only to stop him from gaping at her. His lips are slack under hers when she pushes herself forward to kiss him. She moves them against his with the slightest pressure, and when he doesn't react, she's mortified. She moves to pull away from him, when, as if he's been woken up from an embarrassment induced hypnosis, he responds enthusiastically. He kisses her hard, wrapping his arms around her body to pull her flush against him, so she can feel his strong, solid chest against her own. He runs his tongue along the seam of her lips, probing them until she opens her mouth to him, and he dives in, touching his tongue to hers, running it along every crevice inside her mouth, and squeezing her against him. His kiss is forceful and demanding, and she matches his enthusiasm, the both of them lost in the feel of each other as she lowers him to lay on the couch before straddling his hips and kissing him again. They stay like that what feels like an eternity, but simultaneously like no time at all, the room silent except for their gasps and quiet groans. They don't stop until she feels it, feels him hard, against the place she's wanted to feel him for so long. Peeta breaks of the kiss with a broken breath, his face flushed and eyes wild. "I'm sorry," he wheezes, and sits up, as if he's trying to put as much space between them as he can. "I don't want you to think I'm—" "Shut up," she says flatly, because honestly, she's really tired of hearing him apologize when he has nothing to apologize for. "I want this," she stresses, gesturing weakly between the two of them. "I want you, Peeta." He just looks at her, and she rolls her eyes in frustration. How could he not tell? She was always fidgety and blushy around him, two things she never, ever was, and would never admit it, but craved his presence, especially when he wasn't around. "I have for a while," she adds lightly, hazarding a look at him from her place against his lap. That's all it takes for him to violently sit up and gathering her in his arms, almost running down the hallway from the living room to her bedroom. He kicks the door open, almost sending them both tumbling against the ground when he trips up on her area rug. He lays her on the bed before pulling his shirt off, tossing it aside and scrambling back on top of her. His lips are against hers again in an instant, moving frantically, but almost slow at the same time, as if he can't contain himself but tries to savor her as well. She runs her hands down his chest, feeling every bit of him under her fingertips, before pulling her own top and bra off, pressing her breasts against his chest and moving to remove his belt. He pauses kissing his way down her throat at the feel of her hands on his waist, and looks her in the eye, his eyes cautious and almost nervous. "Are you sure?" he hedges, and she would smile at his gentlemanliness if she wasn't trying to get him naked. "Shut up," she says, pulling his jeans and boxer-briefs down in one fell swoop, before pulling her own pants off and kicking them aside. The feel of him against her is unreal, and she breaks herself away from his lips to dig in her bedside table for a condom. Even though it's been forever, she finds one tucked away in the corner, and rips it impatiently and rolls it against him, enjoying his pitched gasp in her ear as she does so. She flips them, positioning him at her center, and before he can say another word, sinks herself down. And she's in heaven. She works at him, reveling in the way his hands grip her hips as she rides him up and down, and she's quickly approaching, faster than she ever has before when she's had sex. The feel of him inside her, his left hand snaked between them, rubbing at her furiously coupled with the fact that finally, finally she has him like this is enough to set her off, and she collapses against him. He pounds into her a few more times as she kisses his neck, and he's there too, pulsing inside the condom as they clutch each other, breathless and sated. It's quiet for a moment, neither of them speaking, just enjoying the feel of one another as their heart rates slow and steady. "So," he starts, giving her a cheeky look. "You've wanted that forever?" Before she can roll her eyes at him or give him a sarcastic retort, she hears a key turning in the lock of the front door, before being swung open. "Katniss!" Madge's bubbly voice calls out throughout the small apartment. "My flight was rescheduled and I got back earlier than I thought I would. Surprise!" Madge. Back home. As she and Peeta lay naked in her bed, her bedroom door wide open, with a perfect view of the living room and the front door. Oh. Fuck. :) I hope you enjoyed!