See, that brings me to another story. When I was, like, 10, I went to a zoo with my camp and a bird shat on my head. I felt a drop, and I told my teacher and she started laughing, and then everyone else did. Damn. I swear you're ADHD. I see you typing this up, and it's like asdfghjkl. xD Okay… I AM ADHD, THAT'S NOT FUNNY! XD I used that as an excuse today in pottery class. Friggin' seniors love meh ;U Sadly, my life is not as crazy as Ansley's. I have zero stories. ._. What can you say? I just get hit with the epic shit. Jk, getting shit on by birds isn't epic, although I heard it brought a day of good luck, so that made everything better. So anyway, I was at lunch, right? Yeah, and then we- Um… I was talking to my friend about the black and white of life, and then she was all, "I SEE IT ALL GREY! THERE IS NO GOOD NOR BAD!" then I brang up satanism and she was like "omfg kill it with fire". See? People change very easily. ._. That was lame. XD Omg. One of my friends and I were at the beach and she convinced herself that she saw Africa from the shorelines. ''No, Ansley, it's Africa. I can even see the tribal people dancing!'' I stood there shocked… I legit just spit all over my screen. Wtf… That brings me to another story ;D So you know when you're the only black kid in your class, right? And then you guys start talking about BHM, and then the teacher asks questions about why they were enslaved and shit and everyone stares at you? Yeah, it's awkward ._. Ha ha, I just realized this has nothing to do with the story… So… we've spent a whole page on what happened this week and nothing to do with the actual story. Great. I feel so freaking prioritized. When I started this A/N, I was all like, "LET'S GET DUN TO BUSINESS *dramatic pause* TO DEFEAT DA HUNS" To defeat 'Da Huns…' I'm insulting Crystal. Quote from her, "I can never use the word 'da' without feeling immediately ashamed." Or something like that, I forgot. And I'm too lazy to check. Oh. Can you believe I was talking her today and she told me she would kill me if there was a real-life Hunger Games? Psh, I'd obviously place 3rd, and not by the hands of her ;I Crystal, I'ma slam an axe in your face. Then I'm gonna cry because I miss talking about Brooke secretly with someone else. 3rd? Why 3rd? Fine, 2nd. Ha ha, jk, I'd be first ;) I mean, come on, now… Me. 3rd? 2nd? Pshaw. 1st? Yass. ._. I think we're gonna have to end it here. Because there are questions. This is hilarious, though xD Ha ha, true. Well, that's all for today, I guess ;D Oh, and don't forget… Birds shitting on your head equals good luck… ...this A/N has been running for three pages. Stawp. Slob on my knob, like corn on a cob. Check in with me, and do your job. Lay on the bed, and give me- jk xD Omg, I was dying while typing that out. Ew. Ansley, that's a really bad song. No offense. I know, but it's hilarious :D First find a mate, second find a place. Third find a bag, to hide the hoe face. Real name ''Rover.'' I said bend over. I started to knock, then came the odor. Smelled like mush, shouldn't had a woosh. Told her to stop, and take a dush. Once she did that, I didn't want the cat. So I bounced out, and never came back. XD I'm Done, omg. Go finish the actual SYOT. Ugh, okay! Anyway, Ansley and I have made a new SYOT! YAY! Like we didn't have other main priorities. I mean, we obviously have a life ._. But I guess I just felt like making a collab, so that's what happened. Like word vomit. I guess. I don't know. And, uh, like I said, we'll both be working on it. I WANT to say it'll be updated regularly, but I can't promise anything. Because I'm absolute BS on routine, and I'm Procrastination King/Queen. HEY OMFG THAT RHYMES! I CAN BE A… *looks ahead, light shining in eyes* A WRAPPER! That was so lame, omfg. I'm dolphinitely never doing that again. Holy hell, I didn't even do that one on porpoise! Efffff. Since I have no clue what else to put in this, I'll just leave the rest to Ansley and get with the questions. Submit the best of the best tributes, give us creative ideas to work with! :D I promise we'll *most likely* MAKE THIS THE BEST SYOT EVAHHHH! (no promises) Gee, I wonder who Ansley and who Brooke are in this situation…? Did you like the Victors? Who is your favorite Victor introduced so far? (You see, there is competition. Choose wisely, because two of these guys are Ansley's and two of these guys are Brooke's... Least favorite? (Same thing as above) WILL YOU SUBMIT AN AWESOME TRIBUTE?! ;D Who do you like better: Ansley or Brooke? Answer carefully… I'll fucking cut you, fam. Fucker. ;P They're all gonna choose you Dx I mean, maybe. ._. XD Who cares? I lowkey honestly do... I'm afraid that this A/N is actually longer than the actual story… Yeah. Um. Submit or die. If you want the form, PM one of us and we'll send it over liek dat. *snaps* *disappears* Why are you still here? Gtfo off the story and go submit… Wait, leave a review. Share your opinions ^^ Alright, now get the fuck out. SUBMIT! :D We're done?! Are we really, really done?! O: BROOKE, BROOKE WE FUCKING DID IT. OMG WE ACTUALLY COMPLETED THE FIRST CHAPTER! You're not adding this to the chapter, right? Right?! Whoops...