he's talking about. It could only be the games, and how they lie uncertainly in the future. "I keep remembering that Dahlia only has two years of absolute safety left. Once her name is in that Reaping Bowl, I can't protect her anymore." He looks pained, as though just the thought of being unable to protect Lia is eating him inside out. Gale loves her, more than he's loved anyone. I place my hand on his arm and give it a gentle squeeze. "Gale… she won't have any tesserae. We'll make sure of it. The odds are slim. And, if by some chance, she does get chosen… Peeta and I will do everything in our power to make sure she comes out. We'll get her home." He looks from me, to Dahlia, to the twins, to Danny and Orion, then back to me. "Can you say the same for your own kids?" I know he already knows the answer. And looking at my two beautiful children, everything I've tried to ignore while raising them comes flooding back to the surface. Three years and my Danny will be taken from me. A few more and Orion goes as well. We'll be left with nothing. The First Reaping I knock gently on Danny's door, pushing it open slightly. She stands before the mirror Peeta nailed to her wall, absentmindedly running her hands over the smooth cotton fabric of her Reaping dress. It's a light blue material that looks striking against her skin tone. She looks up when I enter, and the light freckles that cover her face gleam in the sunlight. "Mom," She says softly, "Can you braid my hair? Like yours?" My heart nearly melts, and I move to her bed, gently patting the space on the quilt beside me. Her hair has grown long and thick, and she's inherited some of Peeta's curls, though they're more like waves. I run my fingers through them, memorizing every strand as though it will be the last time. This is foolish, because she'll be coming to the Capital with me no matter what. It's just how she'll be coming- as a Victor's daughter, or as a tribute. I hope desperately for the first one. It doesn't take long to shape her hair into a long thick braid down her back and tie it off at the end. "Thank you," She whispers, before turning around and wrapping her arms fiercely around my neck. I pull her small body close, willing myself not to cry. This could very well be the beginning of the end, though, and I'm determined not to let another second go by improperly. Too soon, she's pulling away and scrutinizing herself in the mirror once more. "Now I look like you," She whispers, fingering the braid, before turning and marching swiftly out the door. I glance distantly at myself, in a simple green dress and common side braid, before following her downstairs. Peeta and Orion are already waiting in the hallway, my son looking like the spitting image of his father. I pat his unruly curls lovingly and give Peeta a lingering kiss. There are no elongated sounds of dissent from the kids this time because they know as well as I do how precious the moments leading up to the Reaping are. I take Orion's hand safely in my own, and we make our way to the square. Behind me, I can hear Peeta murmuring comforting words to Danny. When we finally do part ways, I make sure she's safely with Dahlia, give her a linger hug, and drag the rest of my family to the stage. And for the next hour: I hold my breath. But, in the end, it is not Danny that will travel as tribute. It is someone I don't know. Which, as I exchange a confused but relieved glance with Peeta, makes me wonder: what is Snow thinking? Ages 14 and 16 We have been too lucky. Year after year our entire family, which has grown enormously in size thanks to Posy and Vick marrying and having children, slips by unscathed. Now, as I watch Effie slip her hand into the glass bowl, which holds the fate of so many young men, I can't help but wonder, as I do every year. Will this be the year? It isn't. Ages 16 and 18 Danny is so close to being safe. It almost seems to perfect. To have her make it through every time, only to be chosen when she is so close to freedom. Is that his angle? To give us just enough false hope, that we're caught off guard? Dahlia has made it through. That marks the first on a very long list of children. Next year, both Azalea and Heath will be eligible. Will they be okay? I watch my daughter in the crowd, so brave and strong. She glances at a boy, Aspen, and he blows her a kiss. So in love. Is Snow waiting for her to fall in love? Is he going to pick them both? What a twist that would be. The Star Crossed Lover's daughter going in with her own Star Crossed Lover. Right when they were eighteen. Peeta's hand finds mine, and gives it a gentle squeeze. By the time I've managed to refocus on the Reaping, Danny is safe: permanently. Once more squeeze and both Orion and Aspen are safe as well. What's going on? Ages 17 and 19 "Now, for the boys!" Effie, who still looks the same as she did all those years ago, when I was only sixteen cheers with the same exuberance as always. I glance at all the people we could lose this year: Orion, Azalea, and Heath. My breath catches in my throat. Three people is so much more than it seems, especially when you have everything to lose. Peeta interlocks our fingers as Effie reads the name aloud. "Orion Mellark!" And just like that: the world fades to black.