the house. For some reason, I can't forgive her for leaving us like that. We could have died. After my mom has finished, I look at my reflection in the glass. My hair is done up in some kind of intricate braided pattern, winding around my head. "Wow. You look beautiful," Prim gasps from the hall, her reflection poking its head through the door. I agree. Beautiful – but entirely unlike myself. "Thanks, mom," I mutter before pushing out of the room and out the door. Attendance for the Reaping is mandatory unless you are on your deathbed, which the Peacekeepers come to check. We all file out to the main square. On the stage, the Mayor, a couple of Capitol officials and the oh-so-lovely Effie Trinket, our District escort, sit in the chairs provided. She helps make the sales and, hence the word, escorts us to the Capitol. I laugh to myself as I see a visibly drunk Haymitch join the people onstage, late as per usual, knocking pieces of equipment over and stumbling into Effie, at which she lets out a squeal of disgust. I would too. Haymitch Abernathy is the only Hunger Games winner that we've had in a long time. He is meant to mentor the tributes and show them ways to stay alive, but I doubt he is of much use. It is rare that he is sober, and when he is, everyone tries to steer clear of him; he is even less pleasant then. The area below the stage is roped off into fifteen sections; one for each of the year groups, males and females separated, and large one for the families, of which are either too young for the Reaping or have made it through safe. I see families holding onto one another. Katniss and I take Prim to go sign up. Katniss has her finger stuck and is let through the queue. I hear a sniff. I nod to Katniss to go on and bend down in front of Prim. Her eyes are filled with tears and her bottom lip is quivering. "Oh, Prim. Don't worry. You're not gonna get picked, I promise." I hug her. It seems to work, because she steels herself and places her hand on the table. She winces as they jab her and smear her blood on a card marked with the name PRIMROSE EVERDEEN. I'm next. I always hate it when they stick you with a blunt needle and press it to the card. I'm pushed by Peacekeepers to the fifteen-year-old's section. I turn. "I'll see you later, Prim," I yell to her. I stand with the other girl fifteens, exchanging terse nods as the Mayor intones his dull speech about the importance and historical value of the day. No one likes Reaping day. I look behind me to Katniss, trying to catch her eye; she smiles and waggles her eyebrows in an attempt to get me to lighten up. I giggle to myself, attracting a couple of stares from people next to me. I turn to look back at Gale with the eighteen-year-old boys across the square. He's looking nervous, probably regretting putting his name in so many times. As I turn to face the stage, I see someone staring in my direction. I lock eyes with Peeta Mellark; he smiles in a friendly manner. I look away, feeling guilty all of a sudden. I never said thank you to him that day. An overexcited Effie, with bright white hair, garish green make-up and a powder-white face with an overly flamboyant pink dress comes up to the podium as the Mayor finishes to polite applause. We wait for her address. You could hear a pin drop now. Now comes the Reaping. Two families will go home tonight, lock their doors and mourn for their children. Once a District 12 tribute goes in, they don't come out. It's a death sentence. " Happy Hunger Games, and may the odds be ever in your favour!" she squeals enthusiastically into the microphone. One of the reasons I despise Effie Trinket so is that she treats the Hunger Games as nothing more than another Capitol event, not seeing it for what it truly is; a cruel, admittedly imaginative way to punish the country for something that wasn't even our fault. Still, her overly atrocious appearance and pronounced words adds the slightest hint of humour to the otherwise melancholy occasion. "Ladies first!" She reaches into the glass ball containing the girls' names for District 12. In that ball, twenty of Katniss's name slips are in there and only one is Prim's. She rummages around in the ball and yanks out a slip of paper. I relax. It's probably another Seam kid. I look around at the scared faces of the bedraggled girls that are so obviously of Seam origin. "Primrose Everdeen." My world shatters. I feel my heart drop, and I forget to breathe. She didn't. I'm imagining it. I search wildly for Prim's form ahead of me, and my breath catches in my throat as I see her little form being marched by four Peacekeepers to the stage. A scream comes from behind me. "Prim! NO!" Katniss rushes up the aisle, screaming and sobbing unintelligibly. She tries to get around the Peacekeepers to Prim and instantly I know what she is about to do. I feel myself pushing through the sea of girls out into the aisle on numb legs, growing increasingly hysterical. They let me through, startled by this turn of events. I can't lose either of them. I won't – whatever it takes. "I –" I hear Katniss start, and before she can throw her life away, I scream out the words and seal my fate. "I VOLUNTEER! I volunteer as tribute." DUN dun dun! Please remember to hit the blue button below and let me know how my very first story is! I'm new to all this, so any feedback would make my day. Thanks :-)