to herself. Slamming her bedroom door, she grabbed her car keys, locked the front door, and jogged down the steps to her car. She settled herself into the driver's seat, started the car, and backed out of the complex. She fiddled with the radio on the short drive to the supermarket, landing on NPR and unwound to the sound of Ira Glass debating the Secretary of Education on the pros and cons of the charter school system. She quickly reached the supermarket, thankful that it didn't seem to be too packed. The last thing she wanted to do was hear screaming children begging their frazzled mothers for sweets. She parked, hopped out of the car, and grabbed a shopping cart. She made her way to the produce section and loaded up on all the vegetables she would need for her salads for the upcoming week, throwing a couple mangos and plums into her cart too, since they were on sale. She hit the dairy and cereal aisles as well, and was picking up her required coffee creamer and beloved Honey Bunches of Oats when she felt her phone buzz in her pocket. Madge: do u remember Cashmere Carlson from high school? She's pregnant with her FIFTH KID WTF. Katniss' jaw dropped. Cashmere was in the same grade as Madge and Katniss growing up, and though she was a nice enough girl, they weren't friends. Katniss knew that Cashmere had gotten married right after graduation, and remembered her having twins around the time Katniss came home for summer vacation after her freshman year of college. She couldn't believe Cashmere was going to have five kids by the time she was thirty. Katniss: sounds like hell. is she still married to Seneca Crane? mb someone should give them a box of condoms at the baby shower. Katniss walked into the ice cream aisle; if she was going to take the day off tomorrow, she wanted to enjoy it with a tub of green tea ice cream. Maybe a bottle of wine, too. Might as well go all out, she mused. She was pushing her cart along to the wine racks when she felt her phone go off again. Madge: yeah that or a gift certificate for a vasectomy Katniss snorted, letting out a giggle at Madge's wittiness. She tried to maneuver her cart and text Madge back at the same when she felt her cart crash into someone else's. She jumped, mortified that she might have broken something in the other person's cart. The cart's owner, a blond man with his back turned to her, didn't seem to be too concerned, as he continued to peruse the cabernet sauvignons. "I'm sorry! I wasn't looking where I was going, I didn't mean to hit you. I hope nothing's broken," she fretted. "Hey, don't worry," the man said, his back still turned to her. He picked up a bottle of wine off the rack and turned around to face her. "I'm sure nothing's broken. Accidents happen," he said with a grin. When she locked eyes with him, she felt herself flush immediately. A wide and friendly grin stretched across his face, and he had the deepest blue eyes she had ever seen, twinkling with his smile. He looked a little bit younger than she was. Maybe he's a recent college grad, she contemplated. His t-shirt stretched over his muscular chest, his biceps straining against the thin sleeves. His blond hair was curly and fell in waves over his forehead; he was easily one of the most attractive men she had seen in quite some time. I wonder what that curly hair would feel like under my hands , she thought distractedly, and then froze in horror. Are you fantasizing over this stranger in the grocery store? I know you're lonely and needing to get laid, but get limits, she scolded herself. The grin gradually fell from the man's face and his mouth twisted into a frown. Oh no, she lamented. He knows that I want to jump him, he can tell, he can smell it on me, oh God, I'm a perv— "Do I know you?" he asked. "You look familiar." "Uh, I don't think so?" she replied, her face contorted in concentration. She looked him up and down again. He does look a little bit familiar, I guess… did I know him in college? But there's no way he went to school at the same time I did, he looks too young. Maybe I was a TA for him? She ransacked her brain trying to figure out where she knew him from when when he interrupted her thoughts with a loud "holy shit!" She looked at him curiously. The realization lit up his face, and he wore a smile so wide it looked as though his face was about to break in half. "Holy fucking shit! Oh my fucking God!" he cried. He looked so happy, practically bouncing on his toes in excitement. "Who are you?" she asked impatiently. "How do you know me?" "Katniss, don't you remember me?" he babbled, eyes shining with delight. "It's me, Peeta! Peeta Mellark!" She paused, regarding him with questioning eyes. As soon as he said his name, though, everything clicked into place. Her eyes widened almost comically and her jaw dropped wide open. " Peeta?! " she gasped. "Oh my God! I haven't seen you in—" "Like twelve years, right? Goddamn, this is crazy! I can't believe I ran into my old babysitter at the grocery store!" Babysitter , she thought, head spinning. I used to babysit for this boy—no, man . I used to babysit him when he was eleven and I was seventeen. I used to babysit for him and I was just lusting after him, fantasizing about doing dirty things to him less than five minutes ago. "Oh, fuck." ;) I hope this was enjoyable! This story should be around five or six chapters in total. I'm flythruflames on tumblr, come say hi.