eventually. However, this one might not be as trustworthy as I am. I may have stolen books, but others will steal money, and I'd rather not let that happen to the man who gave me so much. "So, Winch," I inquire. "You're the Mayor's new assistant?" "Yes, missy," she responds. "But I on'y worked fo' him fo' two months." "Do you have a family?" "Yes, missy. I gots a momma, and a daddy, and I gots Beetee and little Fillie." Winch giggles. "Fillie's jus' a baby. I be the oldest!" she states proudly. "That's cute. And does Beetee work?" "No missy, ev'n though he on'y two years younger," she replies. "I gots to work 'cause Momma can't." "Can't work? What's wrong with her?" I ask. "Nofin's wrong, missy," she answers sadly. "Jus' them factory people. She go back after Fillie gets borned and they don' let her in. Say she took too long. Now she can't gets a job." "Then I steps in," Winch says proudly. "An' I says, 'Daddy, if Momma can't work, then maybe I cans!' But Daddy didn't wants me working in a factory, 'cause he says little kids die all time in there. So I go 'round, askin' for a job, and the Mayor says that if I cans move things, and get things fo' him, and answer the door, then I cans work fo' him! And Daddy says, 'Don't you steal anyfin', Winch, or yous not goings to have a job!' And if I don't have a job, then we's goings to be hungry again." "I'm sorry to hear that, Winch." I reply. She turns around and peers at me quizzically, as if I was crazy. "Why you sorry, missy? You be helpin' us along if anyfin'!" I'm taken aback. "Helped you? When have I helped you?" Winch smiles; a bright, wide smile with a mismatch of pointy and crooked teeth. "I seened you, missy. I seened you on TV. You be fightin' other peoples with a big, long sword." She stretches her arms to make an emphasis. "And my daddy says, 'She be fightin' fo' all of us. She be fightin' to come home and bring us food.' And you did comes home! And now, we gets nice baskets fulla food. With apples and pears and bananas and chocolate and bread and…. Winch continues on with a long list of treats, but I'm no longer listening. She thinks I fought for her. This little, innocent girl thinks I'm a hero. This… this is even worse than what the capitol portrays me as. They make a celebrity out of a murderer, but she thinks that I was fighting for District 3. I have to set this straight. "Winch, how old are you?" She stops chattering and looks up at me. "I be 'leven, missy. I turn twelve next month." "So that doesn't leave you much time," I mutter. "Winch, come with me." She doesn't object, and together, we're racing down the hallways, on the way to the library. Upon reaching it, I throw open the doors and usher her inside. I sit her down on a plush armchair in front of a fire opposite to the one I myself sit in. A wall of books rises behind me as I look her dead in the eye and begin to speak. "Winch, listen to me. That thing I was fighting in, the Hunger Games? Well, they aren't fun. They're horrible. You have to starve, fight, and even kill people, and you don't even get a say in the matter. I'm not a hero, Winch. I'm a murderer. I've killed people." Her black eyes are as wide as dinner plates. "You kill people?" she repeats as a whisper. "Yes, I have." I swallow hard. "There was a girl, only a little older than yourself. Her name was Rhian. She attacked me. I didn't know what I was doing until it was too late, but I killed her. I killed her with a rock." I take a shaky breath. I've never talked about my time in the arena with anyone. "Maybe it wasn't my fault, maybe it was. But then there was Gabe. Gabriel Blackthorn. I stabbed him through the back. He wasn't even fighting me at the time, he was fighting Kailani. And then I killed Kailani, but not in self-defense. I thought I was dying, but I just had to stab her. And then Avalon's dead because Jackren could've killed me instead, but didn't. And I might as well have killed all the rest because if they hadn't died I wouldn't be- "Missy." I look up. Winch is staring intently at me, her hands on my shoulders. I didn't notice her move. "Missy, it's allrigh'. You don't need to cry. You's allrigh'." I hadn't realized I was crying either. My hand shoots up to my face, and sure enough, I can feel hot tears streaking down it. "Maybe you did hurts lotsa peoples. Maybe you wanna, maybe you hafta. But you's still alive. You's still breathing." She smiles again. "And it's not all bads. We's got food 'cause of you. We's not hungry anymore." Her words sink in. It seems to her that even though I'm responsible for the deaths of twenty-three children, because I'm still breathing, and able to help others, I'm still worthy of living. I don't know whether she's right or not. I don't know anything anymore. I want to say something to Winch, something meaningful, but all I could muster was a, "Thank you, Winch," before wiping my face on my sleeve and standing up. However, before I reach the door, a final thought occurs to me. "Winch, is your mother good at cleaning?" She blinks. "Yes, missy. She real good at it." I manage a smile. "I might have a job for her when I get back." AN: Okay, there's the first chapter! It got too long to be a one-shot. Remember to read "The 38th Annual Hunger Games" by braders101!