At her words, he suddenly turned around and swiped everything off the dining table, the mug shattering and water pouring everywhere. "Thats the fucking point!" He shouted. "It's half of you, and half of me. I can't do that to a child; let alone take care of one." He stormed around the room, picking up and throwing down anything he could get his hands on. "Peeta, you're scaring me. Calm down and we can talk," she whimpered, trying to meet his eyes. "Katniss! There is nothing to talk about. You can't bring a child into the world if you want to blow your fucking brains out every second of the fucking day ." Katniss stopped whimpering, the whole room becoming still. Peeta slid down against a wall, holding his head in his hands and muttering. She held a hand over her open mouth, the whole room spinning underneath her. " Peeta ," she said, any fear she had before gone as she walked towards him. He refused to lift his head up to respond or even look at her. "There, I said it. Every morning I wake up, I wish I hadn't. I use all my strength in the mornings to get out of bed. I'm barely hanging on," he admitted. "Oh my god," she whispered, the tears coming back at full force. "Peeta... Please don't say that. Please. Please. Please. Please," she begged, wrapping her arms around his large body. "Oh God, I'll do anything, just please, don't do anything to yourself. I can't lose you." "You can't lose me? I live in fear every day that you'll finally realize who I really am," He said, looking back up at her. Tears were running down his face too, dripping down onto his shirt. "A worthless, piece of shit." Katniss cried harder, listening to him call himself those names. "Please don't ever say that about yourself. You are the best thing that has ever happened in my life, I thought you knew that. I never told you this, but after I brought you home for Christmas my step-dad told me, 'You could live a hundred lifetimes and never deserve him.' He was obviously right - I didn't realize the love of my fucking life wanted to end his!" Her wails got louder, Peeta eventually pulling her into a tight embrace. "Every day, my mother reminded me of how I wasn't worth anything to her. She hit me." Katniss flinched at the words - while she knew he didn't have a good relationship with his mom, he always managed to redirect the conversation. "She hit me, and I never said a goddamned thing. I just took it like the fucking pussy I am. I can't do that to my child. I can't, I can't I just can't." "You won't have to, Peeta. Have you not realized you are nothing like her? You are kind, sweet, loving. You would never hurt anybody, I know that." "And I redirect all my anger into hating myself. Since when is that a desirable trait in a father?" He held out his arms and rolled up his sleeves, revealing his scarred arms. Some of them healed, some of them new. There were a plethora of burns from when he "accidentally" burned himself taking out baked goods from the oven. Katniss gasped again, burying her face into his chest. "Peeta, if it's me making you do this to yourself... I'm not worth it. I promise you, I am not worth it. Please Peeta, I will do anything if it means you will never hurt yourself ever again. I don't care if that means I can never see you ever again, or that I'll have this baby all by myself. Please ," she pleaded. "I want you to love yourself as much as I do." He clung onto her tighter. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry," she whispered repeatedly into his ear. "Please don't cry, babe, don't cry. It's not your fault. It's not your fault. It's ok, I'm fine, you're fine, we'll all be fine." He chanted, unsure if he was convincing her or himself. "Remember last Easter?" She choked out between soft cries. "When we decided we were in this for the long run? That was the best day of my life, only in contest with every other day I spend with you. When I took the pregnancy tests this morning and 3 out of 5 of them said pregnant, I was ecstatic. While it was obviously not planned, I thought that any creation that was part you, part Peeta Mellark, couldn't be a mistake. But now, I'm seeing how much I was just caught up in my own life, and I'm not too sure anymore. Seeing you hurt yourself like that, hurts me. It hurts me so much more than I could even describe. But if you could put on a brave face and fool everyone, I think that says something about you. Continuing your life when you want to end it is the strongest thing anyone could ever do, and I am so, so proud of you." "I don't want to feel this way anymore, Katniss." He said, shaking his head. "I've been putting off getting help because I thought if you found out, you'd leave me. But hearing you right now... I don't think anyone has ever loved me as much as you do. I want to see someone, I want to get better. For you, for this baby or the one we might have in 10 years." His hands caressed her stomach. "I love you so much Peeta, I can't even describe how much strength you have." Sitting on the floor crying with his girlfriend, Peeta had never felt stronger. For the first time in a long time, Peeta never realized how close the surface was. He wasn't out of the water - far from it - he knew that for sure. But at least he could tell the difference between swimming and drowning.