so no bugs or wild animals for me, thanks." "Wow, a whole week with your parents. Fun," Teak says mockingly. "Our tour at Virginia Tech is next week too, but my dad is only staying for the 2 hour parent orientation, and then I'm bunking with one of the other basketball players. I get to do a few practices with the team and sit in on some freshman classes. But I am really looking forward to the parties. It will be AAAAWWWESOMMMME!" She finished, singing the last word. "My brother and sister are out of school, and Mama and Daddy have to work. So I can't come," Hazelle finishes, looking bummed out, taking a bite of what looks like a peanut butter and Doritos sandwich. I feel bad that she is always stuck as the 'free babysitter,' so I tell her, "Miche asked me to set up the tents in my backyard to air them out, maybe you can bring the kids over on Monday, and we can roast marshmallows and I'll make a picnic. They can play in the tents and we can talk or whatever." "That would be great Jasmine; I can never think of enough stuff to keep them busy. They would really love that," Hazelle tells me gratefully. "I'm in for the camp out, what day is it?" Bristol asks, "And who will be there?" "We are going up Wednesday afternoon and coming back Thursday whenever. Pocahontas State Park is great. You can rent boats, swim, or just relax. I think there is a horse stable close by that does trail rides." I know this will get Maura's attention; she loves animals so much that she's starting school to become a veterinarian in the fall. "That sounds like a lot of fun, if you and Bristol are going too! Maybe I can even bring one of my dogs!" Maura says excitedly. "Except, don't we need tents and sleeping bags and other stuff too? I don't think my parents have any camping equipment." "It's okay Mo, my brothers have all that stuff, and I can barrow anything you need. We can bunk together," Bristle says, smiling at her shy friend before turning back to me. "And who else will be there?" "Don't you mean will HE be there?" Bristol Cartwright, you haven't made a move on that boy yet?" Ember asks with a laugh. "Ember, just because you make a move on everyone and their COUSIN, doesn't mean Bristol has to slut it up too," Teak sneers, obviously not over the whole Oak thing yet. "Who is she supposed to make a move on?" Virginia asks, frustrated that she has no clue what we are talking about. "Virginia, you never pay attention. Bristol has only had a crush on the same boy for like a year." Maura tells her. "Harvey Abernathy just doesn't seem to see that she likes him yet." "Well, have you even talked to him?" Virginia asks plainly. "Oh sure, he was at the shop getting new shoes last month and I asked him " what size do you need?" And on Monday I bumped into him in the hall on the way to English and said " sorry" to him," Bristol explains blushing slightly. "You said all that and he didn't just rip your clothes off on the spot?" Teak asks sarcastically. "He must be gay or something if he didn't pick up on those smooth lines." "Oh stop, Teak," I tell her, "what she means, Bristol, is maybe Harvey needs you to be a little more direct. Harvey is really sweet; he's a lot nicer than his twin sister, but I think she got all the brains in the womb. Maybe you have to do something big to show him you like him." "I know," Hazelle says brightly. "Skinny dipping!" We all look at her blankly. "What? Naked is the way to go, he will definitely notice that." "I completely agree," Ember says around a bite of chicken salad. "Count me in too." "Jasmine, is he going to be there or not!?" Bristol asks in exasperation. "Yes, Bristol, Miche said Harvey is definitely in," I tell her, "and we will find…some way to get his attention. Ember, do you need to borrow a sleeping bag? I'm sure I have an extra one at the house, it might get a little cold by the lake." "Don't worry about me, I'm sure I can find some place warm to sleep." She gives me a knowing smile, "your baker's not the only boy with hot buns." Thank you for getting this far, I am so excited to get this story out there. I feel like it is a new twist on the typical HG FF. I am a big fan of many different book series and over the summer I read tons of HG FF while reading 39 clues with my kids. The two ideas sort of merged in my mind and this story was born. This fic is rated M for sexual content later on. There will also be drugs, rape, trickery, murder, and accidental death. ~ Put it this way, I let my daughter read HG, but I am not letting her read this. But have no fear; there is a lot of good between all the naughty bits. Also plenty of K&P cuteness to come. This is my first fanfiction, so I am super excited/nervous to hear what you have to say. I have written quite a few chapters ahead, so I plan to post each Friday. The point of view will change between Miche and Jasmine mostly, and every few chapters I will throw in a "memory story" that will be from a variety of characters. Please Review, Favorite, and look for me on tumblr ~ (flip-fantasia) I will put up random pictures for the story and we can chat . Big thank you to ghtlovesthg for her editorial super powers ~ grammar is my kryptonite. Posted with her edits June2014