endless questions. The eggs and the mama duck don't look much different of course, so they quickly lose interest in the duck pen. There are many animals to see and Haymitch finds other ways to keep them busy when they visit. Once, he offers to pay them each a dollar if they can fill a five gallon bucket with rocks they find in the garden. Another time, he takes them for a ride on the tractor. They watch him care for the strawberry plants and get to eat some of the first berries of the year. Peeta becomes less afraid of his uncle. Even as a child he can see the way Haymitch is with Katniss, how he smiles at her when she is not looking or takes extra time to show her something new. He can see that Haymitch is drawn to her the same way he is, something about Katniss makes them feel a need to protect her, Always. One day while they are eating lunch with Miss Courtland and Mr Chaff, Finn asks Haymitch in a hushed tone, "What happened to Mr. Chaff's hand?" The man had lost his hand in a threshing machine as a teenager, but Haymitch leans over to Finn and tells him in a whisper, "He got too close to one of those hungry pigs." Finn's eyes get as big as saucers, but he doesn't say a word. Finally, after exactly four weeks, when the children arrive on the farm, Haymitch tells them it is time for the eggs to hatch. They scurry through the barn and out to the duck pen. They can hear the high pitched *peep peep* before they reach the cage and when they peek inside, they can see 4 brown ducklings poking out from under their mother. "Oh they're so tiny," Chiffon coos. "Uncle Haymitch, how do we know which one is our little duck?" Peeta asks. "Well, let me see here, wait just a minute," Haymitch tells them before going into the cage, "come here old girl," he says as he lifts a very fussy duck off the nest. He carries her out of the pen and shows her to her food, then quickly waves the spectators inside. The mama duck protests a little before wandering into the lake for a swim. Haymitch explains that she is an experienced mother that trusts him, or else she would not be so nice. Now it is much easier for everyone to see the eggs. Katniss points out the one with the K&P written on it. Haymitch reaches in to turn the egg, and finds a hole as he rolls it over. "Peety, look! It's our little duck in there!" she squeals. "Mr. Uncle Haymich, can we get it out? Is it stuck in there?" she asks with concern. "No sweetheart, it's fine, but we have to let it find its own way out. It makes them stronger," Haymitch tells the girl. "We are lucky it is a rainy day, great weather for ducks." Most days the children would be off finding more interesting things to do on the farm, but today every little crack of a shell is exciting, and there is nowhere else they would rather be. Half an hour goes by, and another duck pushes it's way out of the shell. All of the ducks hatch looking rather ugly, their pale skin covered in brown, stringy feathers. It doesn't take long for them to become adorable brown and tan-striped fuzz balls. "Guys look!" shouts Finnick, as a large chunk of shell breaks away from their egg. Inside, they can see the difference right away, all of the other ducklings had dark brown beaks peaking at their shells. The duckling from the park has a pale orange beak and what looks like stringy blond feathers. They watch as the duck fights its way into the world. When all the ducklings have hatched, it is easy to tell Katniss and Peeta's from the rest, fluffy and yellow, surrounded by eleven other brown fuzzy heads. Haymitch picks up the yellow duckling and hands it to Katniss. He gives the boys and Chiffon one of the baby mallards. The kids sit on the floor of the pen holding the babies, petting their soft fluff. Katniss and Peeta sit side by side leaning against the cage as they hold the ducks. "Look how pretty it is Peety. It's so soft and yellow," Katniss tells her friend. "I think the little brown ones are beautiful too," he tells her, smiling. "What are you going to name it, Kit Kat?" The girl thinks for a moment, then tells him, "Little Duck," with a big smile on her face. "Good, that will be easy to remember," Haymitch says with a chuckle. "Okay, one more minute then we have to put them back for their mama, alright." Katniss holds the duckling close to her body and it is so perfectly warm that the baby becomes sleepy. The girl brushes one finger between its eyes and they begin to drift closed with each stroke. She leans down to whisper, "Good night Little Duck, sleep tight, we will keep you safe." Thank you so much for Reading! and a very big thank you to ghtlovesthg my super helpful always encouraging beta. Also a big thank you to Prompts in Panem for giving so many authors inspiration. This story is set into the future of my The Soul Waits story, but it the past for us and THG (I can't tell you how confusing that was to wrap my head around while writing late at night :) But it does give you a few lovely character reveals ~ like Finnick will be Peeta's cousin in TSW AU, and Haymitch is Peeta's Uncle. Thank you so much to anyone that takes the time to review, I will always respond. I am flip-fantasia on Tumblr as well, come visit for more fun posts about HG and other things I find interesting.