place in her own heart for him too, her boy with the bread. When Peeta asked her to be his wife she knew that her life with this sweet man would be so much better then her life in the tower. She said yes and laid her hand in his. At dawn they both began to work on a plan to get down from the tower forever. "What if we cut your hair and weave it into a rope so that we could rappel down the wall?" Peeta asked. "I have only kept my hair so long for my mother, but she has never loved me like you do, Peeta. I will cut it and we can start a new life together." So the boy used his knife to cut 70 feet off her beautiful golden hair so that now it only reached the middle of her back. As he cut each strand, her hair turned the warm color of melted chocolate. She braided what was left of her hair out of habit and tucked it over her shoulder. Then she went to work braiding her severed locks into a strong rope. When she had finish the rope was a good length. The new couple rappelled down the wall easily. When they reached the bottom Katniss fell to the ground and ran her hands over the fresh grass again and again. Then she wrapped her husband in a hug thanking him for saving her from the tower. "I never would have had the courage to leave without you, I needed you more than you know," she confessed. "Let us leave this place and never speak of it again," Peeta said, but no sooner had the word come out of his mouth, then they saw Mother Coin coming towards them. The look on her face was pure contempt. Quickly Peeta leaned down and whispered into Katniss' ear, "I love you. Always. Remember who the real enemy is. Now kick me as hard as you can and climb that tree." Katniss looked at him bewildered, but only for a moment. Then she scratched her finger nails across his face and kicked her husband as hard as she could in the stomach. Peeta fell to the ground hard as he watched her scale the tree as quickly as a squirrel. "My precious flower what has happened? I thought I had spared you from the wickedness of this world, what has this despicable boy done to you?" Coin called up to Katniss. "Mother he has cut my hair," she cried truthfully, but her tears were not for the loss of her golden hair. Peeta stood off a distance, and taunted the witch mercilessly, "you would fetch your dearest, but your bird no longer sits singing in her nest. The girl is lost to you. King Snow seeks a lovely bride for Prince Cato and will pay me dearly for this Mockingjay." Peeta fibbed. He hoped that Katniss could hear his heart through the lies. "You devilish boy! You have no idea who you are playing with. I'll scratch your eyes out," Coin threatened. She moved for him, but her age was showing. Without Katniss' magic she was too weak to fight this boy and had no hope of reaching the girl. "Dear daughter," she begged, "climb down to me and we will teach this boy a lesson." "I'm afraid," Katniss called simply. "The two of you are no match for me," Peeta goaded. "I caught her easily, but now she has flown into that tree. I guess I will just have to wait her out. You are welcome to keep me company if you like." "Stupid boy, I will bide my time. Killing you will be well worth the wait," the old woman said as she settled herself on the ground. Soon she was asleep, but Katniss stayed in her tree, afraid that she would wake and capture her again if she came to close. Peeta had settled a distance away, but they couldn't speak, for if the witch discovered their lies she would surely find a way to kill them both. Though fabrications rolled off his tongue as easily as the truth, Katniss trusted more in this boy that she had spent little more than a day with than cruel Mother Coin. She felt that she would be trapped forever, until she heard the buzzing. Luck was on her side. The tracker jacker nest, full of the powerfully venomous insects, would give her a way out; a distraction and a chance to run. She hoped that Peeta was far enough away to be safe, but there was no time to warn him. Quickly she cut it free and watched it drop next to her sleeping mother. At once the scene exploded. Coin was overcome and only had time to scream for a moment before the bugs overwhelmed her and she was no more. Katniss clamored down and jumped to the ground away from the nest. She had been stung only twice, but the magic in her blood healed her quickly. When she reached Peeta he was barely able to stand from the stings he had received. She supported his weight as long as she could before they collapsed onto the bank of a stream. Katniss was filled with fear as she watched the stings swell to the size and color of radishes. "Oh Peeta no, please don't leave me," she wailed and her tears ran onto his face, seeping into his skin. She began to sing to her beloved trying anything to being him back to her. " Forget your woes and let your troubles lay, and when again it's morning, they'll wash away." With a great gasp his eyes flew open and blue looked upon gray once more. "You died, your heart stopped," she exclaimed. "Well it is working now, you have saved me my love and I will never leave you again." And he sealed his promise with a wet kiss.