a permanent scowl appearing on her face every-time a prince would showcase himself. For in princess Katniss eye's they where all the same, showing and offering her great riches, power and a small showcase of their own personal abilities but for all of it not one showed her the thing she wanted the most, the thing she promised her mother. Love. Most of the men, like Sir Seneca displaying to her at this moment where, to her arrogant, shallow bastards that wanted nothing more than her father's throne. Eventually after the days turning into weeks the celebrations were ended with a rather public display, namely Princess Katniss, in full view of the lords and ladies slapping Sir Gale Hawthorne's cheek hard leaving a bruise of her hand across his face. She may be young but she isn't naïve and knew fine well that he was trying to be forceful with her and take advantage. That night the princess sat in her father's study chambers waiting for him, she was ashamed that after all his hard work she hadn't accepted one single invitation to get to know any of the suitors better. When her father entered he smile sadly at her before the pair embraced and the young princess shed a tear not over the suitors but she believed that she had disappointed her father but he was quick to squash those feelings. "You listen to me, little songbird. You are young and beautiful and those men where pigs. I would have been disappointed should you have not seen that but you have your mother's mind child." the pair hugged tighter. "You are doing what is right for you and I know you tired but none of them could offer you what your mother asked of you and that songbird is more important than any riches or power." she nodded and sat with her father for a time in silence before speaking again. "Was the high councilman angry?" questioning her father, it had been one of the thoughts that dwelled heavily on the young princess. "He was a little snippy but a quick reminder of things and he backed down. I'm sure it was just soreness for his family after your actions, justifiably against Sir Hawthorne. Needless to say he will have a wounded pride and ego but none of that is your concern." her father chuckles. "If I was any madder or learn of anything he did inappropriate I would have the guards bring me his head, no one steals anything or tries anything with my daughter unless you choose it." she nods tiredly, she knows her father is speaking the truth, she wanted her first kiss to mean something, not have it stolen by someone acting out hence the princess's actions but her father also noted the tired state his daughter was in and she only confirmed it next. "Dad I'm tired... of all this searching... I wish, if only for a while I could escape the routine of the princess." the king looks at his daughter for a moment, deciding before giving her his answer. "Perhaps what you need is fresh air, a new surrounding... for a while." "Leave the capitol... the castle?" Katniss ask in wonderment, for it would be the first time. "Yes, your mother had a brother and certain circumstances forced him to leave. Your mother's death only insured he stayed away but I could arrange a visit. Perhaps this will do you good to see your uncle and life beyond the city castle." "What of the council?" "Leave them to me, they can't force you to stay. Now leave it in my hands and take yourself to your chambers and rest. You need it." with a final kiss to her father's cheek princess Katniss left him feeling joyous for the first time since the start of the celebrations. Little did she know that this journey would change her life forever. -A few weeks later- In the coming weeks the trip, messages where all planed, the queens brother would be waiting for the young Princess at the borderlands of the Twelfth Realm. They would journey back together and the princess would remain there for the following months, perhaps till years end. Though at the begin the decision was met with some opposition, mainly the high councilman Hawthorne though the princess believed that it was the younger lord whom she had slapped. His pleas for an audience gone unheard. The princess was forgiving when it came to matter that dealt in some way with her mothers final wish. With the high councilman dealt with the princess along with her guard Paylor, who'd accompany her as far as her uncle before heading home to her family, brothers and sisters in the Eighth Realm. At the castle gate the princess's father gave her one final hug, helping her onto her white horse though it was night fall and all four were dressed in plain clothing. Only the high council members and the four standing there, the king, princess, Paylor and kings royal guard would know of her departure to make it safer for her on the journey. "You be careful know songbird." the princess nodded before heading off, not wanting it to become any harder than it already was to leave her father but as they exited the castle gates, then the city gates out into the wide wild world the princess held her head high and breathed in the air knowing that this journey had just begun and what wonders it would hold only time would tell. A/N; this would be the prologue and its a fantasy/romance that hopefully will be about 10 – 12 chapters, including the epilogue. Though I am planning another two I'm just posting this to see how people would react to it. I'll post about two or three more chapters before I decide to continue or delete it. Anyway I hope you liked and any comments, as always are appreciated. Thanks FlourGirl21.