him in his tracks. A gun clicked, the nose pressed right against his chest. "Halt!" There, dressed in the all too familiar white trooper uniforms, stood at least six Capitol guard. Haymitch faltered, so many emotions flooding over him at once. He turned his head, briefly to look for Effie, but saw she too had been apprehended. Fear masked the escort's face as she looked to Haymitch. And once again, fright was soon replaced by the same vacant expression that was present when he'd first found Effie after her rescue. Hopelessness. "Well, well, well," one of the guards sneered, pacing around in front of Haymitch and Effie. "What have we here?" He leaned in close, his face inches away from the mentor's. After a moment, his thin lips slowly spread into a grin. "Well if it isn't old Haymitch Abernathy! Why, never knew we'd find you! They've had a bounty on your head for months! Almost thought you'd gone and died in a hole somewhere." "Glad to know I was missed," Haymitch replied, voice dripping with venomous sarcasm. "And you," the guard continued. "Who might you be?" "She's no one," Haymitch answered before the escort had a chance to open her mouth. "We met in the woods." "I highly doubt that," the guard replied, brushing back a lock of Effie's hair. "You've never seem to be the one to team up with random strangers, Abernathy. I know, I watched your Games too." His gaze swept over the silent woman. "Tell me, what is your name, Dollface?" When Effie refused to reply, the guardman straightened up. He moved back over to Haymitch, his eyes dark, rage evident in his features. Without warning, he took his foot and slammed it against Haymitch's bad leg. Effie cried out as Haymitch crumpled to the ground, receiving yet another swift quick to nose before he could regain his energy. "Stop!" Effie screamed, unable to allow Haymitch to take her punish. "Just stop! I'll tell you who I am!" "Don't," Haymitch gurgled, blood trickling down her nose. "It's...it's going to be okay." "No," Effie whispered, shaking her head. "It's my turn to make the decision." Slowly, she straightened up. For the first time, a look of confidence came across the escort's expression. Briefly, it reminded Haymitch of the Effie he once knew. The vivacious, strong escort of District Twelve. "My name is Effie Trinket." Haymitch bowed his head, a sinking feeling in his chest as the guardman whistled in surprise. "Didn't think I'd find both little birdies," he smiled, nodding to the other men. "Get Abernathy up, we need to start moving." They trudged as a group through the thinning woods. Haymitch licked his lips, tasting the dried blood that had formed over them. Anger. Disappointment. Despair. They had failed. After months of making it on their own, through foodless nights and sleepless days, they had not succeeded. Oh, how he had been so stupid, so careless in thinking they were almost free. Now their fates rested in the hands of their enemies. What would become of them? Prisoners? Avoxes? "I'm sorry," he muttered softly, hoping Effie would hear him. "I'm so sorry." They came to an opening in the woods, two guards stepping out first before the other four and prisoners followed. Like some sick, twisted joke, Haymitch's vision was met by the vast water source had had so long been seeking. Waves crumbled onto the shower, birds crying overhead as they dove into the foamy surf. The ocean. They had been so close. So damn close. Someone was laughing and for a moment, Haymitch was unaware that it was himself. "Shut up," a guard hissed, nudging Haymitch roughly. "You've lost your right to speak." The head guardsman held up his hand, stopping everyone in their tracks as he looked around. Then, with a nod of his head, Effie and Haymitch found themselves being forced forward. They walked to the edge of the water, standing but a few feet from the actual surface. What was going on? What were they doing? Haymitch looked to Effie briefly, who stared back in uncertainty, before he realized. His stomach sank, nausea rising up in thick bile. He knew their fate now. "Don't look back," he told Effie. "Watch the water. Just...just look out at the waves." Behind him, the noises of guns being cocked filled his ears. He could see Effie had visibly stiffened, her chest rising and falling rapidly. She knew now too. Haymitch ground his teeth together, feeling every muscle, every fiber in his body. It was electrifying. A feeling he had never experienced before. Adrenaline coursed through his veins, but he knew running would be pointless. He could feel Effie beside him, her breathing just audible enough for him to hear. As he peered over at her from the corner of his eye, he noticed how tall she stood. Almost proud. In the face of the end, Effie would not let them belittle her. She had become so strong, so brave. God was he proud of her. Tuning out the orders of the head guardsman, Haymitch exhaled as he looked into the ocean. It seemed so beautiful and yet, so ominous. He couldn't help but wonder what it might have been like. Effie by his side, the world they knew behind him. Without thinking, he slowly held out his hand towards the escort. "In the end," he heard her say. "I'm glad I was with you." Effie didn't even see Haymitch fall before her own bullet embedded itself in her brain. The waves crashed down, hiding the sounds of the popping guns. When they retreated, it was all over. Foam covered the shorelines, the gulls once again squawking as they flew. Life seemed to continue on as it normally did. Nature recovering within seconds after the break. The sun set off in the distance, falling over the horizon behind the sea. And for the first time in their lives, Effie and Haymitch were finally free.