"Ah, yeah," he replies easily. "I'm fine. Just tired. It's been a long week." She's silent for a moment. Katniss hates that he was so stressed, she hates that he can't just relax like he wants to. She nudges him in the side before beginning. "You wanna just order in tonight? That way I can help you pack up and we won't have to rush." He smiles in relief and kisses her temple. "Thank you. Sounds good." They're silent the rest of the way to his apartment. The apartment was almost totally packed up when they got there, with all of Peeta's things in two corresponding suitcases and Finnick's residual stuff piled into a couple of boxes. "He's coming by this weekend to get the rest of it," Peeta informs her, before pulling out his phone to open the GrubHub app. "What are you in the mood for?" She shakes her head head before pulling out her own phone. "I got it," she replies airily. "You just relax." Their food arrives in record time, and they eat in silence, sampling each other's plates and just enjoying each other's company. Peeta chews for a moment, before swallowing hard. "I had my final evaluation with Portia today," he says calmly, picking at his pad kee mao. Katniss looks up from her own curry, before looking back down again. "How did it go?" she asks, desperately trying to remain cool. But her voice shakes anyway. She doesn't want it to be over. She doesn't want this, them to be over. "They gave me a full-time offer," he says quietly, and she puts her food down before coming closer to him. "Peeta, that's incredible," she breathes, grasping both his hands in hers and squeezing lightly. He smiles for a moment, before looking at her more seriously. "Are you going to accept it?" she asks. He shrugs before leaning back into the couch. "I don't know yet," he replies. "It's a great opportunity, but I'm not sure. What about you?" he asks. "When's your evaluation?" "Next week," she replies, suddenly nervous. Katniss was banking on getting a full-time offer from Capitol. Cinna had raved to her during her midterm evaluation, and he regularly praised the work she was doing, but she still wasn't certain. "If," he begins, before stopping again. "If you get it, will you accept it?" She nods immediately. "I couldn't turn it down. It would be a fantastic opportunity." Peeta nods in understanding, before telling her. "If you get an offer, and accept it, I'll accept mine." Katniss's heart bursts while her stomach drops. How can he revolve such an important decision around her? She's flattered, really, but she can't help but feel like basing a huge decision around her could be potentially disastrous. "Peeta, I—" "Let me explain," he interrupts, placing his hand on her bare thigh. "Capitol has been amazing. I've learned so much, and this would absolutely be an incredible opportunity. But you've also been a dream. I never imagined I would meet someone like you here. And I'm more than willing to wait for you and give this a try. Even if it doesn't work, I'd still love to stay your friend." Katniss can feel the earnestness in every word he says, and he squeezes her knee at the end of his speech. "How about it, huh?" he asks, with a quirk of his lip. "That okay with you?" Her answer comes in the form of a kiss. They make love unhurriedly that night, first with their mouths, and then with their entire bodies, bringing each other to one shattering climax after another. They sleep for only a few hours before he has to go to the airport, showering together before his cab came. "You can stay here until you need to go in, okay?" he says to her at the front door, suitcases on each side of him. "Just give the doorman the key when you need to leave." She nods jerkily before surging forward to kiss him, pouring all her feelings for him into it, to show him how much she cared about him and how much she would miss him. Peeta kisses her with equal vigor, pulling her fully against her chest, as if he was trying to draw her into him fully. The ringtone of his cell phone breaks them apart, and Peeta answers it raggedly, thanking the cabbie and letting him know he would be right down. Katniss leans forward, resting her forehead against his. "I'm going to miss you so much," she mumbles, and he gives her a sad smile in return. "Hey," he replies, tilting her head up. "It's not forever, okay? Regardless of how your evaluation goes, we'll see each other again, okay?" She nods sadly, and kisses him one last time before ushering him towards the elevator. "Text me when you get to the airport?" she asks quietly, and he responds affirmatively, before pressing his lips to her forehead and making his way to the elevator. He waves to her from the end of the hall, and she doesn't go back inside until he disappeared into the elevator. She lets herself cry before she has to go into the office. One week later Katniss [sent 4:42 PM]: I had my final evaluation. Peeta [sent 4:42 PM]: AND? Katniss [sent 4:43 PM]: I got the offer. And I said yes. Katniss [sent 4:48 PM]: Hello? Peeta [sent 4:49 PM]: Sorry, I was sending Portia an email to accept my offer. Peeta [sent 4:50 PM]: I'm so happy for you. Also happy for me. Happy for us :D Katniss [sent 4:51 PM]: xxx Peeta [sent 4:52 PM]: When can I see you again? I need to see you soon. I miss you so much. Katniss [sent 4:54 PM]: Do you have Columbus Day off? Peeta [sent 4:55 PM]: Ya, I think so. Katniss [sent 4:57 PM]: I've never been to California before. Peeta [sent 4:58 PM]: ! ! ! ! !