lie to myself. It wasn't a wrong number. Gale had a woman in his house, in the middle of the night. A woman who felt at home enough to answer his phone. And why shouldn't he? I had no claim on him, never had… "He's asleep, who is this?" It might have been easier to hate her if she was rude. After all, I'd woke her up in the middle of the night and was now demanding to talk to Gale, and not very politely either. But she sounded kind, sweet even. Her voice held no malice at all. "Katniss." "Who?" It took a moment for me to find my voice after that. She didn't even know who I am? Maybe she had just entered Gale's life, maybe he hadn't talked about that part of his past yet… "Please, it's important." She made a compassionate sound, and I wondered if my voice had sounded pathetic enough to warrant it. Probably. The phone was silent for a couple of minutes, and I found myself biting my nails. That was something I hadn't done since the Revolution ended… "I've been waiting for a long time Catnip." I took a moment to let his voice wash over me, soak into me, to remind me of things that I had thought I had lost long ago. "I know." I didn't apologize. I had been protecting Peeta, he knew it as well as I did. There was a long pause, and then the words spilled from my mouth before I could stop them. "Who answered the phone?" "Anita." He wasn't going to make this easy. "She sounds nice. Pretty." "And just how does somebody sound pretty?" The teasing edge was back in his voice, the one I had missed so desperately. "I just meant…" He cut me off before I could say anything else though. "She's my fiancé." Was it possible to forget how to breath? Because I couldn't seem to make even my lungs work, much less anything else. I could suddenly feel very clearly the way my fingers were clenched around the phone, the way my arm was pressing it against my ear. For a moment I felt caught in one of Gale's snares, forced to sit and hear him say fiancé over and over again, with no way to escape… "Katniss-" His words break the spell I'm under and once again my mouth takes control rather than my brain. "She didn't even know who I was." It's not until the words are out that I can feel the pain that drove them. Had I become so unimportant to him, so much a part of his past, that he didn't even feel the need to tell her about me? I suddenly thought of the time when I had asked him who the other girls he had kissed were, and he shrugged them off as if they had never meant anything to him at all. Had I joined their ranks? "You aren't the only one who can cut somebody out of their life." To protect themselves. The unsaid words rang in my ears, and I wondered if they were as true for him as they were for me. This conversation had taken a painful turn I had never expected, and I wanted nothing more than to end it, or to go back in time and never make it at all. But I had a purpose, and the sooner it was done the sooner I could slink away and nurse my new wounds. "Peeta moved to the Capitol today. As I watched the train pull away, I realized that I had never stopped playing the games. Until now. I'm free Gale. I'm finally free." It ended in a whisper, as if I feared to scare the truth away if I proclaimed it too loudly. He seemed to take my cue about ignoring everything we had said before this, and I could hear his smile on the other end of the line. "It's about damn time. And what will you do, with your newfound freedom? Take up sewing?" How long had it been since I had been able to laugh with Gale like this? "I think I'll probably go hunting. I never was much good with a needle, your neck is proof of that." We both laughed at that, the scares he bore from my hasty attempt to stop his bleeding would never fade. "I still go to our place, every Sunday." That I hadn't intended to say. Maybe I should have waited a few days to have this conversation, I could have planned it better. Before he had a chance to respond I ploughed on, wanting to be done with this more desperately than before. "The Games broke something in me Gale, but I don't know what. I didn't even know it was broken until Peeta left, and I realized I didn't I have to keep playing." "I know they did." I had never heard such rage and sadness in his voice before, and I knew I had been right, that he was the only person who could help me understand. "What is it? What did they break?" "Don't make me say it Catniss." Ah. So it was going to be something terrible then. Something that I was probably better off not knowing. Wasn't there some saying, curiosity killed the cat? "Please." There was a long pause, and this time I recognized an emotion in his voice that I had never heard from him before. Not from Gale, who was a fighter, who never gave up. I heard despair as he uttered the two words that would shatter my walls of self delusion forever. "Your humanity." A/N: Almost a year ago I wrote this while I was volunteering in Costa Rica, with no internet access. Then I forgot about it until I stumbled across it earlier today :) I don't know where it's going, or if it's going anywhere, but it demanded to be written.