wasn't when I picked you out of the hallway. I've wanted to talk to you for quite some time now." "Really? When did you see me? I don't remember..." "I first saw you when you moved in, two years ago. I didn't approach you back then because I thought the guy that was helping you move, the dark-haired tall one-" "Gale," She acknowledged. "Gale, well I thought you were together, or married or something. But he never stayed the night, at least to my knowledge, and he sometimes came and went with another girl, a blonde." "Madge, he's not with her either, they're my two best friends." He nodded. "Anyways, I didn't want to seem like I was making a move on you since I didn't know you were single. But I found out you were, and I almost went up to talk to you, like 6 or 7 times, but I lost my nerve and chickened out." "Why were you so nervous to talk to me?" She frowned, she wasn't that cranky, was she? "I was intimidated by you because you're so strong and beautiful, I told myself that if you wanted more friends, you would have talked to your neighbors." "I met Mags when I helped her get her groceries up here, the elevator was out one day. But you're right, I don't talk to any of the others. The President could live across from me and I wouldn't know." "Yeah, I guess it was some weird stroke of luck that I was home when you were out in the hallway." "Yeah, if it wasn't for that, I still wouldn't know you were three doors away..." "But now you do." "Yeah, now I do, and I'm glad I do." She twisted to face him and dropped a kiss on his nose. He made a low playful growling noise and pressed his lips to hers, pushing her back down onto the bed again, resting one arm on either side of her shoulders. She giggled. "So what are you going to do with me now that you have me?" His voice was still playful, but rather husky. She didn't reply, but drew his mouth back down and kissed him again. The clock nudged them to get out of bed at 9, and Peeta assured her he wasn't busy that day, didn't have to work for a few hours. But she remembered Finch had a lesson at 10, and she needed to drop by the bank before that. "Will you at least stay for muffins?" Peeta asked as he fastened his artificial leg below his knee. "I wouldn't consider leaving without one." He grinned up at her, taking her extended hand. Peeta hadn't had an episode in several days, and although Katniss's dreams often went dark, she would find refuge in Peeta's welcoming arms each night. Her own flashbacks weren't frequent, and they rapidly grew accustomed to a routine. Breakfast of muffins. Part for work. Eat lunch texting each other. Back to work. Come home for dinner together. Climb into Peeta's bed to repeat it the next day. Nothing else happened in Peeta's bed, although when Madge found out she teased Katniss relentlessly and Delly wasn't much better with Peeta. Gale was still oblivious to the arrangement, which Katniss decided was a good thing, since his protective nature didn't kick in and he never threatened Peeta. One morning, Katniss woke up, hearing Peeta in the next room talking, she guessed, on the phone. "She's still asleep. No we haven't! We literally just sleep! Dell-Delly stop it, it's up to her. Yeah we've been together for like three weeks and already..." His voice dropped an octave and grew quieter. "Already I'm in love with her. I'm a goner, and I couldn't be happier. Thanks. You're still with Thresh? Yeah I like him, he's a good guy. Okay. Okay, yeah. Thanks, Delly. Talk to you later." Katniss smiled as she heard him walking back towards the bedroom, rolling over and pretending to be asleep as he checked on her, and dropped a kiss on her forehead. A couple weeks later, on the Saturday before Thanksgiving, Peeta and Katniss were in his kitchen, discussing if they should have traditional turkey dinner at her apartment or his. Peeta's voice grew tense as he gripped his can of soda, crushing it slowly. Katniss watched cautiously as he turned his head and glowered at her. "Peeta." She put down the knife she was spreading cream cheese on her bun with. He'd explained to her what to do in these times: get rid of anything resembling a weapon, extinguish any fire, be alert for any attack against her. "Peeta, come back to me. Peeta, you're safe. I won't let anyone hurt you." He didn't respond. It was like he didn't hear her. She gently took his crushed soda can out of his tight fist. "Peeta?" He launched at her, and Katniss reacted fast, deflecting his fist and stepping sideways to avoid his attack. He growled. "Peeta." Her voice was soft, barely a whisper. She showed him her palms. "I'm not going to hurt you. I promise I won't hurt you." Unfortunately, living in the woods, trained to deflect bear attacks at any cost including injuring the bear didn't prepare her to deal with someone she cared about attacking her, and she refused to hurt him. His hands wrapped around her wrists, and held them together. "You're safe now, it's okay." He didn't listen and twisted one arm behind her back, making her cry out. He didn't relent and held her there for a second before kicking her knees out and causing her to fall on the floor beneath him, hitting her head against the tile. "Peeta!" Her strangled shout finally reached his ears. "K-Katniss? Katniss? I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry..." Assured he was back in his own mind, Katniss drifted off, head throbbing, vaguely feeling him roll her over and pick her up gently.