how pathetic she must look, wearing a slouchy shirt and her jeans around her ankles. "I'm wearing a trench coat and I borrowed a fedora from Jo. I wanted to say, 'Here's looking at you, kid,' and I have to watch you get on the plane and fly into the fog." "They won't let you past the security checkpoint. And you're much prettier than Humphrey Bogart." "I can watch you leave from security," she said helplessly. "Katniss." The calm in his voice made her stop rambling, and at the same time saddened her at its resoluteness. "If you come with me, I won't get on that plane." "This wasn't how I expected to say good-bye to you," she wailed quietly. Her eyes and nose stung. "I know, sweetheart." He paused. "I'd rather not say good-bye at all." Though he didn't say it, they both knew he had to go. He cradled her head in his hands, and planted a soft kiss on her lips. She, in turn, grabbed his face, covering his ears, and deepened the kiss, not even worrying that her breath was still sour from sleep. She sniffled a little, muttering an apology for the wetness of the tears that have fallen from her face. His face was, not surprisingly, wet with his own tears. "See you soon," he said solemnly. "See you soon." He released her and picked up the duffel bag waiting for him by the door. He looked back at her one last time before opening the door and stepped through, leaving his heart behind. The last time she talked to him through FaceTime, they exchanged their excitement over Peeta's coming home. More importantly, they arranged his pickup from the airport, from which airline, and which flight number. Katniss confirmed the time with Peeta a couple of times, and she even had him send it to her via email and text message. "You really miss me, huh?" Even through the fiber optics and wireless waves, Katniss could see Peeta's face beamed with pride over the tiny iPhone screen. She shook her head in false indignation, though a smile peeked through. "I can't believe the next time I see you, it'll actually be the real you." His face broke into a sincere smile. "I know. I can't wait." Katniss stifled a yawn, and saw that time had slipped past without them noticing, as it usually happens whenever they chat like this. She began to feel the familiar heaviness of her eyelids, her eyes a little watery from finally giving in to a yawn. She lowered her head down to her pillow, setting the phone right in front of her face as she lay on her side. "Stay with me until I fall asleep?" she smiled sleepily. "Always." The stranger took out a portable piano keyboard and set on his lap. He turned it on, and positioned himself more comfortably. Then, his fingers began to dance across the black and white keys, playing a familiar tune Katniss had heard on occasion, but always associated with one night in particular. She sucked in a sharp breath in recognition of the song. "Can… anybody find me… somebody to… love?" The voice came distinctly from the arrivals tunnel. Katniss turned around and saw him, her mouth slightly open, trailed by a small entourage of people carrying various instruments: a portable electric guitar with amplifier, drums. Peeta's serenade was accompanied by their music. Following the musicians, Katniss was shocked to see the familiar faces of Prim, Johanna, Annie, Finnick, Delly, and even Rory Hawthorne. By the time the group walked across the terminal, Peeta had sung through the first verse. Though she loved him dearly, he should really stick to just singing in the shower. The entourage approached her together, with Peeta leading the charge, then suddenly, he walked ahead of them, and bridged the rest of the distance between him and Katniss. Even the young man with the keyboard had rejoined the rest of the others, she realized. Now it was just the two of them, standing among empty waiting room seats. Without missing another beat, they were wrapped in each other's arms, breathing in the other's scent. Katniss placed her cheek on the familiar place on his shoulder. "You're late," she accused, and they both laughed. When they released each other, Katniss shook her head in disbelief, but a smile remained on her lips as she looked into his eyes. "Is this real?" "Real. Very real." Peeta dipped his head closer to Katniss's face. His voice took on a confessional tone. "This wasn't how I pictured doing this, but you once told me that embarrassing yourself singing in public meant that you really loved someone." Katniss smiled at the memory of that night. "I wasn't sure if you were kidding, but it sounded like pretty good logic to me." He continued, "Katniss, the night I heard you sing changed my life. I found somebody to love, and I hope you did, too." She nodded her head in quiet agreement, "We found each other." Then, her eyes widened, as she watched Peeta descend onto one knee. Katniss asked, "Are you––we," she corrected, "really doing this?" Peeta nodded, who seemed for once, at a loss for words. "Then you don't have to ask," said Katniss, her eyes shining. "My answer is yes." Peeta reached inside his pocket and produced a ring, modest but beautiful, sparkling iridescently under the airport terminal's lights. There might have been a smattering of cheers and applause from the crowd that watched them, and the hugs and congratulations will come later. But Katniss wasn't thinking of that. She didn't even hear them because Peeta had just slipped the ring that fit perfectly on her finger. She draped her arms around his shoulders and nape, and brought his head closer to hers. When they kissed, Peeta encircled his arms around her waist and lifted her off the ground. Their hearts soared and they both truly felt found. end.