Finnick shoved his way through the crowd. I swirled my drink afraid to try liquor for the first time. "Sorry about my friend. He thinks he's the best thing to walk this Earth since Jesus Christ himself." I nodded, "So what branch of the military are you joining?" "Infantry. Hopefully I'll get into training by next year." "Next year?" "It takes a long time." He laughed. "Well... Just know, I think it's brave, to want that kind of life." I said this because of Gale. He'd wanted to be part of the military way back when, but he was denied for some stupid reason like hereditary illness. I told him the same thing that I told Peeta. Annie slid in beside me and started to conversation right off again, "So Katniss, tell us about yourself." "Like what?" "Family is always a good place to start." But with me that was the opposite. My family was full of crazies. Mostly unresolved emotions, and inner demons I didn't think I'd ever face. My family had a messy past, and asking about them was like a punch to the gut. I chuckled slightly taking my first sip of alcohol ever. It was sweet and not half bad. "I don't feel like frightening you good people just yet." I took another sip of the sweet red drink. "Secrets don't last long around here." Finnick smirked. I simply shrugged in response, "Too bad." Finnick acquired a glint in his eye that yearned for discovery. Yet the boy opposite me tried to read me. He looked into my face, searching for answers I'd planned on never giving. His curiosity would be my downfall. "Katniss." Finnick pointed behind me. Looking back I saw the faces of my coworkers. My new boss and some of my coworkers I mentioned earlier held out ten beers. Lord Jesus, was I fucked up the ass. "You ready sweetheart?" My new boss asked. "Sure," I responded, though I was anything but. All ten beers were placed in front of me. As everyone gathered around. After just one beer I felt like throwing up every organ in my whole body. It almost hurt to drink it, and it made my heart hurt. I wondered if my dad was watching me, and what he would think... But then I'd cry so I stopped thinking that. Once the fourth beer was down, I felt intoxication take over. I was loopy, and my blood was relaxing my muscles. After my eighth beer, I thought it wasn't so bad. I thought the taste was lost on my tongue. I then realized I must have been drunk because I thought beer turned off my taste buds. I had actually done it. I had successfully chugged ten beers. "Damn girl! That hasn't happened since I was new seven fucking years ago!" Johanna was laughing. Everyone congratulated me and welcomed me warmly. However, I was so fucking wasted when I tried to high-five someone I slapped myself. "Are you okay?" Annie asked me. "Did-... Did I... Did I ever tell you... That I've never drank alcohol until this moment?" I stuttered and watched in amusement as the room orbited me. "A first timer?" One of the men... Who I'll be honest I was too drunk to remember the name of asked. Annie put her hand on my fore arm, "Let's get you home yeah?" My phone rang again at that moment, "Yellow?" "Catnip, Madge told me you're at a bar." Gale and Madge were engaged at the time. He was taking care of my little sister, and planning a wedding. What a woman. "Hey man what's... What is happening dude?" "Catnip, give the phone to someone who is not alcoholically impaired." He sighed. I just laughed, "Yeah man, you should meet my new friends... They think I'm hilarious!... They had me drink ten bears... I mean beers... I'm funny..." Then thunder crashed outside. "I think cats are falling from the sky... Meow... Meow..." I then smacked Annie's ear with my phone. "Hello?... Yeah I'm going to take her home right now... Alright... Who?... She'll be fine... I'm Annie... I'll take care of her... Thanks Gale... Bye." Annie stood up and pulled me with her, "Peeta make sure Finnick keeps all his clothes on until I get back." Annie asked. "Got it." He said before Annie led me to the car Finnick had driven me in. "Katniss, who's Prim?" She asked softly. I answered with a spacey, "Flowers... Flowers..." "Um... Okay... Who's Gale then?" "Wind. Like. Like the wind." I then blew air out and Annie simply nodded. "Okay honey." "Keep a secret for me. I don't drink because no good comes from drinking." At that point words just fell out of my mouth. "Huh?" She asked. "Alcohol, broke my family." Then I laughed my ass off. Why? To hell if I know. "I'm so sorry." Annie said. "Beer tastes like shit anyway." "I'll talk to Finn later." "It's cool man, it's cool..." We pulled up to my apartment complex. "Will you be okay?" She asked me as I stumbled may way on to the side-walk. I'll be fine I thought of saying, I didn't say it though. I got into my apartment, miraculously locked it, and somehow showered completely. After that things kind of went down hill though. I picked up my phone to see Annie had put her number in. After that strenuous activity I climbed into the hole, still naked and soaking wet. That's how I learned about the absorbing power of the hole. As my body sunk deeper and deeper into the corpse of the mattress, I felt the water seep into it. At about two in the morning I'd pissed myself. I was too fatigued to move, my muscles hurt, my head throbbed, and finally I vomited in bed before falling asleep. When eight o'clock rolled around and my alarm went off my bed was both dry and showed no indication of the last nights occurrences.