moms." "Uh y-yeah." I stammered. "'Um... I have to go now." "See you." she answered walking up the steps to the house next door. I quickly scrambled up my stairs and into the bakery we lived above. "Peeta James Mellark where the hell have you been?" my mother shrieked. "It's your shift right now. It started at three and what time is it now boy?" "Th-three t-t-ten ma'm." "Care to explain?" "I-I w-was h-helping out a new n-neighbor." I stuttered. "Sh-she wanted directions." My mother rolled her eyes. "You're a screw up you know that right?" "Y-yes ma'm" "Get upstairs and washed up. I want you back down in two minutes and no dinner tonight." "Yes ma'm." I quickly rushed upstairs and dumped my stuff in the room I shared with Charlie. After washing my hands I ran dowstairs and began my shift. No food tonight either. I hadn't eaten properly for three days. In the morning I had chores before school so, there was no time to eat. My mother never packed me lunch and I didn't have the time to pack one. Besides, I might screw up and take the wrong bread. My mther usualy had to take away my dinner because I messed up so often. Sometimes I caught a snack or a piece of bread for breakfast but, I was starving. Still, I knew better than to complain. I should be grateful that my mother was still giving me a place to live and clothes. Besides, complaining warranted a beating and I did not want a beating. So, I kept my mouth shut as I kneeded the dough. "I'll take that." my eldest brother, Max, told me. "You get to decorating those cupcakes." I nodded and passed him the dough before pulling out tubes of icing and begining to decorate the cupcakes. This was my favorite job. I wondered if that was why Max too the kneeding from me and allowed me to decorate the cupcakes. Max confused me. At seventeen he was burly but tall. He looked exactly like my mother right down to the upturned the moussy brown hair, circular face, upturned nose and grey eyes. He was by far my mother's favorite and he enjoyed it very much. He wasn't a brat and never tried to get me in trouble...anymore but, he never talked to me much either. It seemed like Max was from a different family than Charlie and I. At least I knew he had excepted that he had a messed up boy for a brother instead of the beautiful sister he should have. "Hey little bro!" Charlie's voice shook me from my thoughts. "Hey Charlie." He turned to Max. "I'm here to relieve you Maxie." "Don't call me that." Max snapped taking off his apron as he left the house. Charlie let out a low whistle. "Someone's not in the best mood." I laughed. "Like mother like son." "Whay do you mean?" he asked sharply. "What did she do?" "She didn't do anything!" I protested. "It was my fault." He gave me a look. "I'm not lying! I was late because I stopped to give our new neighbor directions. I should have told her I didn't know the way and left." Charlie sighed. "I would tell you that's not true but, I doubt you'd believe me. She didn't hit you again did she?" "No." I sighed. "Just took away my dinner." "Peeta!" Charlie exclaimed. "That's the third night in a row that she's done that! You can't let her do this! You need to eat! You're all ready so thin!" "Charlie I'm fine." "You shouldn't be fine with this! I'll sneak you something." he promised. As much as I knew I should take my punishment instead of cheating, I couldn't bring myself to refuse the temptation of food. "I-thanks." "You're welcome." After my shift I headed up to my room and threw open the window. At the exact same moment, so did Katniss Everdeen. "Hi again Peeta!" she said. "Hi." I felt a hot blush creeping up my cheeks. Oh damn. She was right there. I could see a forest green wall behind her with a bow and quiver of arrows proudly hung on it. My own room was quite bare. Just my a desk and bed for me and Charlie. It was painted a light blue, Charlie's favorite color, and had a little window seat I liked to draw or read on. It wasn't much but, I loved it. "Thanks for those directions by the way." "What? Oh, those. Yeah, you're welcome." "You were a life saver." My eyes widened. Was she talking about what I think she was talking about? Was she underlayingly thanking me for that bread I had tossed her all those yeats ago. "I-it was the least I could do." I told her truthfuly. "It meant a lot." I heard a women's voice calling Katniss to dinner. "Whoops, got to go eat now. Bye Peeta." "Bye." I said blankly. Shaking my self I collapsed on the bed. I was so tired. "PEETA!" "Huh? What? Oh, hey Charlie." "Finaly." he snorted. "I've been trying to wake you up for the last five minutes." "Sorry. I was a sleep." "No!" he exclaimed sarcasticaly. "Really?" he smiled as I laughed. "I brought you some chicken and a biscuit." I accepted the provisions thankfuly and gobbled them down. I was ravenous. "Thanks Charlie. If you don't mind I'm going to sleep now." "Go ahead you can have the bathroom first." After getting in to my pajamas and brushing my teeth, I crawled under my sheets. "G'night." I called. "Night." Charlie answered as he walked into our bathroom. "Remeber to turn the alarm on." I nodded and double checked my phone. Then, I yawned and closed my eyes as Katniss Everdeen's image filled my brain. Author's Note: See? I told you it was the same plot just better! What do you think? Do you like it? Read and Review! ~4everbookworm