when he spends all his Sundays out hunting, keeps his family fed, when he teaches Katniss snares, when he cheers up a crying Prim, scowls at Capitol injustice, when she sees the look he and Katniss share when she stands on stage, the look that promises Gale Hawthorne will look after the Everdeens, keep them fed and safe) Either way, the Games change everything. The first time Gale Hawthorne looks at Madge Undersee and stops hating her, for good this time, it's only a few days later, but it almost feels like a lifetime. They watch the Games side by side but he wouldn't consider it together . They don't talk, barely interact but maybe there's something in just knowing you're not alone. (he doesn't like to think about it) Katniss gets an eleven in training and he's blown away, truly, because that's the best score he's ever seen. He feels confidence start to burn his veins but then it fades, replaced with a freezing chill. She'll be a target. Every career will be gunning for her now. "Bastards ," Madge hisses from beside him and he's baffled, completely caught off guard. There's a rage he recognizes form his mirror in her eyes and she clenches her hands. Gale has never seen her angry, doesn't know how to feel. "They did this on purpose," Madge whispers to him, voice laced with fury, "those assholes in the Capitol, but Katniss will show them. I know she will." Gale doesn't say anything, couldn't if he tried and when he looks at Madge Undersee, he realizes he's been seeing her all wrong for years. (and maybe, he realizes he owes Madge Undersee an apology, because he's been an ass and the girl beside him, she never deserved that) Maybe he's been seeing her wrong all along. Madge Undersee wonders if Gale even realizes how much he does for her, how much his silent companionship means. Madge is used to being lonely, is used to silence but with Gale, this silence isn't cold and the Games may be horrible, but there's a strength in numbers Madge is experiencing for the first time. (she wonders if he understands how much his sorry means, how much his sincerity strikes her. Madge has been hated all her life, but Gale Hawthorne's the first person to say sorry, the first person to tell her she deserves better) She still gets a little jealous sometimes, can't help the sparks of bitter ugliness, but every day that he stands beside her is a day it grows fainter, weaker. They aren't perfect, but then, whoever said they had to be? The first time Gale Hawthorne looks at Madge Undersee and thinks maybe, maybe , they could be friends, the Seventy-Fourth Hunger Games are drawing to a close. There's only a handful of tributes left, two of them Katniss and Peeta, District Twelve's star crossed lovers. (that feels wrong, feels like acid and bad dreams) He's watching with Madge in the square, just like always (and when did Madge and always become a part of his life?) and there's a tenseness in both of them, because the end is nearing, they can feel it. Katniss embraces Peeta on screen, hugs him so tight Gale doubts he can breathe. She's terrified, because he almost ate nightlock, almost died and Gale knows Katniss isn't acting, knows her sincerity well. He keeps telling himself it's an act, just a game but moments like these, they tell him that no, it isn't . He doesn't even realize he's started clenching his fists until Madge takes one of his hands, rubs soft fingers over his knuckles, relaxes his hand limp. Gale looks at her in surprise but she's focused on the screen, continues to trace soothing circles on his skin. Yellow light makes Madge look golden and she squeezes his hand, and there's something like comfort and a promise, I'm here, you're not alone. He doesn't pull away and realizes with a jolt in his gut that he doesn't mind . Doesn't mind Madge's warmth, her presence, doesn't mind that she's here, seeing the parts of him no one else is allowed to. (and if you dug deep enough, you'd realize that it isn't just that he doesn't mind, it's that he appreciates it, maybe even enjoys it) It's surreal, but he thinks that maybe, maybe maybe , he wouldn't mind being friends with Madge Undersee. He gives her a bit of a squeeze back. Maybe. Madge Undersee sometimes feels like she's drowning, because that's her best friend, her only friend and she's so close to death, always, always, always. But then Gale Hawthorne rests a hand on her shoulder and something like liquid strength flows from his fingers into her blood, makes her less afraid. They're both dipping below the waves but they're always there to pull each other up, to keep their heads above water. When Katniss cries, broken over Rue, Madge cries too, useless and unable to help. But Gale is there and he squeezes her arm, moves closer to her side. He'll probably never know, but it means everything to Madge. (but then Katniss comes home and he kisses her, tells her and him that it's just this once, that he had to do it just once but it reignites the embers inside him, gives him hope and a taste of possibility. Gale falls back into Katniss Everdeen, forgets about almost friends and Madge Undersee fades into the background of his life, lost in the edges of his vision) (he'll regret this later, but then, he'll regret a lot later) (but then Katniss is home and Madge has her best friend back and what does she need with Gale Hawthorne anymore? they move out of each other's orbits, fall back into who they were, except not, because he isn't cruel, she isn't bitter) (they're just two people, tied together with faint memories and could have beens) Except the story's not over, not quite.