seems like an eternity. The last time I laid eyes on her she was standing defiantly in front of her house, telling me to run without her and that she would catch up…asking me to wait for her. I promised I would. "Madge, it's me Gale. Gale Hawthorne." She doesn't respond. "Your name is Madge Undersee, you were the mayor's daughter in District 12." Her hands lower at the mention of the district. She eyes me warily. Then finally shakes her head tearfully. She stares at the floor, visibly shaking. My heart feels like it is wrenching from my chest. For some reason I drop to my knees in front of her, gripping the arms of her chair. She looks back at my face, her expression filled with apprehension. My eyes plead with her to recognize me. This woman, who was once Madge, who once loved me…doesn't even know my face. "I'm so sorry. I meant to protect you…If-If I knew you were alive…" My voice trails off. I rock back on my heels and sigh with frustration. I run the fingers of my right hand through my hair, tangling the thick locks. I feel like I might explode with all the thoughts running through my mind. A tight feeling in my chest is disgusted at what might have made her this way. "Damn it Madge, what happened to you? After the bombs fell I looked for you. I waited for as long as I could-I waited..." This girl, this non-Madge just stares at me sadly. I want her to know me, to hold me again. I want to go back to the bombing and find her waiting in her garden, saying that something had kept her there. I've dreamt it a thousand times, finding her next to the burning rubble, ash falling from the sky like snow. Her soft voice draws my eyes back to her face, "When you said that name earlier, something inside me flashed. I get these images sometimes of people and places. You caused a flash. I saw you standing in a field of grass…" I nod frantically at her words. "The meadow. Behind the Seam. We used to meet there." My own mind is dancing with images of the district. Of our time together during the 74th and 75th Hunger Games, it's been five years and it suddenly feels like yesterday. "We were friends?" She asks me softly. I think she can see the heartbreak on my face, because something in her features falters when I don't respond immediately. "Yes. We were more than that once," I suddenly feel self-conscious because nearly all of the women have gathered around us. Helena is still softly rubbing Madge's back. I fight the urge to yell in frustration. I'm torn between uncontrollable pain and a feeling of elation that she is real, alive and whole. The women seem uncomfortable, but intrigued. I can tell that several of them have realized who exactly I am now. One of them looks like she may ask for an autograph. If she does I will probably punch her in the face. I begin realizing that being here isn't going to do much good, considering Madge has no idea who I am. I stand on almost shaky legs, then fish in my pockets for a piece of paper. Only a few coins reach my fingers. The purple haired dancer from earlier provides a ripped shard of paper and a pen, when she sees me rummaging. I thank her with a nod and scribble the telephone number of the barracks. "This is a number where you can reach me. I would like to talk with you, when you're up to it." I press the paper into her palm and try to plaster a friendly look on my face. The mirror at her station reflects my pained expression though. Helena smiles at me meekly, which is an improvement from her earlier expressions of dislike. "Evening ladies," I say stiffly as I retreat toward the door. Several of them murmur goodbyes. As soon as the door closes softly behind me I hear the low babble of their voices. I press my palms into my eyes for a moment and inhale deeply. What the fuck kind of sick joke is this? I quickly exit the back door. Jackson is chatting with the bodyguard, who doesn't look entirely pleased with his conversation partner. They both sigh when I open the door, perhaps the bodyguard's was one of relief. "So, how did it go?" Jackson says as he claps a hand on my shoulder. Every muscle in my body feels tense, wired with frustration. I exhale and shake my head at him. "That bad, eh?" He says with a snort. "You have no idea. She has amnesia, doesn't know who she is…where she came from." Jackson just stares at me for a moment. He looks thoughtful, and then his features screw up in a maniacal laugh. "That has got to be the best excuse a woman has ever given to get rid of a man." He whistles lowly as we both start walking toward the street. "It's not like that. You should have seen her face. Frightened, crying…confused. She had no idea who I was." Jackson stops to stare at me with an, are you serious , face. I nod grimly and pinch my eyes tightly shut. I almost feel like crying…which is bizarre, because that never happens. Well at least, not since Prim . "Unbelievable," Jackson mutters as we continue walking. There is a large group of people leaving the front entrance. Their raucous voices bounce off neighboring buildings. Several of them are singing an old drinking tune. It reminds me of a lively jig that Madge used to play on the piano. "Sweet Sour" is a song by Band of Skulls. It was partially responsible for the creation of this. "Sour by the minute but you're sweeter by the hour" is a line from their song.