them; they're read out and answered with a mournful pause for the victors we've lost, including the two who lived in my house before I did. One of them is only third from last. I spend the moment of silence alone behind the curtain with Hendrick, the victor before me. The neighbors try to warn women away from him. When that doesn't work, they pay the woman to keep quiet, partly to keep up appearances and partly because it's much better for her that way than it would be if she said anything. He flicks his eyes over me disdainfully. Hendrick is called, and I'm left alone listening to the ovation for him until the mayor comes to the end of the list. "Finnick Odair." I go out with my heart pounding at the thought that maybe no one will clap, but they all do. They know to keep up appearances for the cameras — and so do I. I take a bow in my "positively ravishing" outfit and strike a pose in my chair with the wool coat cushioning against my back. I scan the crowd for my parents, but if they're here I can't find them. It's Tully's turn now, and he gets up and gives his speech about how much he loves our district. I like to think he means it, but he's too oblivious and he's trying too hard. Then he comes to the two Reaping Balls. The names inside them are practically meaningless here, as they will be every year unless the Peacekeepers decide to hang all the trainers. Or unless for the third Quarter Quell they decide to "remind the rebels that they left the Capitol no choice" and disallow volunteers, but why antagonize 1 and 2, the only districts that come close to liking them? The Outer districts might not even notice, and the Capitol is sure to come up with something that hurts everyone... Tully begins the way he always does — "Who wants to go first? Ladies? Gentlemen? Show of hands?" This is clever, whether he realizes it or not. It gives any nervous trainees a little practice raising their hands; I admit it helped me. I don't think he really counts, he just declares a winning side — usually the boys, but this year he decides to change it up. "Oh, the ladies! Not to be outdone, eh?" He reaches into the ball and pulls out a name. It's a shipwright's daughter, twelve years old, and she comes bounding happily up to the stage for her lucky moment of stardom. Everyone knows she's perfectly safe. Tully asks her a few friendly questions — her favorite school subject, her favorite fish, what she plans to do with the money when she wins the Games — and then he calls for volunteers. The sixteen-, seventeen-, and eighteen-year-old trainees answer in chorus, and this is when the Reaping really begins. I remember all these girls from from training, and I remember which were the eager ones. You can usually tell anyway — their voices ring out clearer, their hands stretch impatiently toward the sky — and I just hope it's one of them who goes. We seem to win about every five years, and even if we win, only one of our tributes can survive; even as a "Career" district, anyone we send has maybe one chance in ten. It's better than, say, District 12 gets, but the odds still aren't in your favor. Tully brings all seven girls who have volunteered onto the stage and writes down all their names, making a point of remembering which ones have volunteered before. Then, he puts the newly-made slips in his hat and pulls one out. Maybe it really is random this time; the girl he picks is eighteen, a year ahead of me, and I remember her as a good fighter but very quiet and serious, not someone you'd intentionally pick to put on television. Everyone applauds her. Tully tells the sixteens and seventeens to look forward to next year, apologizes to the one remaining eighteen because she won't get another chance but promises never to forget her courage. I like to think he's just acting. Then it's the boys' turn. The name Tully pulls from the Reaping Ball belongs to a sixteen-year-old dock rat who mounts the stage clearly terrified that by some fluke no one will volunteer, or maybe just from standing in front of the whole district in his shabby clothes; I can't help but feel sympathetic. Tully tries a question on him, gets an unintelligible mumble, declares the boy speechless with excitement, then calls for volunteers. One voice rings out louder than the rest. When Tully gets them all on the stage, the same guy practically bellows his name. I remember him. He's just my age, from further down the slope. He was always one of the eager ones, but this is something special — and Tully must be impressed, because that's the name he pulls out of his hat. The guy gets his applause, the others are sent off with condolences, and then there's one last fanfare for this year's tributes with everyone clapping and cheering and the band playing out loud. The victors all stand and applaud and hope one of these two will have a chair beside us next year. As they're led back through the curtain and into the Justice Building to say goodbye to their friends and families, the girl just looks straight ahead with determination, but the guy makes a point of catching my eye. His gaze flashes fire at me. The message is crystal clear. "I am going to win and erase the shame you brought on us." I give him a smile to say "good luck." I really hope he does it. But nobody here likes it when I smile anymore. As he passes close to me, he breathes a word just loudly enough for me to hear. "Whore." To Be Continued...