me. He is standing now and I realize that's because I am too. He's trying to calm me. "Don't use that medical bullshit on me. I'm not as crazy as he thinks. I'm not!" I shriek. "Katniss, mental illness is scary, I understand that. Let us help you," Peeta pleads. "I'm not crazy!" I scream as I drop the phone and bang my handcuffed fists against the thick glass. Peeta looks horrified. He's horrified of me, I'm a monster. I'm a mutt. I begin to cry as Odair, Flickerman, and a guard named Boggs pull me away from the glass and try to get ahold of my writhing body. I continue to scream. I'm not crazy . In the hallway a needle is jabbed into my arm by a nurse. They're sedating me. They only do that with uncontrollable inmates… Johanna is gone when I wake up. I curl into a tight ball on my stripped mattress. They won't let me have linens. They must be afraid that I'll strangle myself. I struggle to remember whether Johanna is real or not. The conundrum only brings on more tears and body aches. Days go by. My meals arrive, but I barely touch them. What I do eat is tasteless in my chalky mouth. My dry lips crack and my bloodshot eyes ache. Johanna doesn't come to keep me company. Three men arrive though. I've never seen any of them before. They send me through the showers and sit me in a plain room for my last meal. I requested lamb stew, it's delicious. I can't remember ordering it. I don't think I have ever tasted anything like it before. They send in a Pastor after dinner. I tell him I don't believe in God. What kind of God would allow me to be falsely convicted ? He prays for my soul anyway. I guess there isn't much I can do about that. I can barely walk once I enter the area where the lethal injections occur. It's a pearl white room with glass windows for observation. When we pass the first window I see my reflection in the mirror-like glass. "I look so old," I whisper. Peeta says it's been ten years. I am strapped to a gurney. A nurse swabs my arms with alcohol and sterilizes everything out of habit. She inserts two intravenous tubes. One is a failsafe, in case the real injection doesn't do its job. There is a set of curtains behind me. I'm told that when they open I will be allowed to give my last statement. I hear the swish of the fabric after a few moments. That means that they've prepared everything and its show time. I clear my throat several times before I manage to speak. I don't think before words flow, "Someday you will all realize what a terrible thing you have done, killing me. A woman who loved her sister more than herself and would never harm her or anyone else. A woman who has lost her mind here, unlawfully. Someday you will learn the truth about the murders of three innocent girls, who didn't deserve death. And one innocent woman who suffered for their loss, because I only have two people left to love now." It is the most I can ever remember clearly saying about the triple homicide. When I look up at the observation window at my feet I see Peeta and Gale watching me intently. Neither of them is crying now. When Warden Snow declares it, the execution will commence. It's not long before I feel the cold drips beginning to seep into my veins. The room temperature IVs are much cooler than my internal body temperature. The injections are designed to occur in a series. That's what Johanna told me. First, it induces unconsciousness, and then it is followed by paralysis of the respiratory muscles and cardiac arrest. I stare at Peeta and Gale. I focus on them as everything begins to drift away. It takes nearly seven minutes for me to die, but the last thing that I see is a glorious light. Within it, my parents and Prim are smiling at me. Welcoming me with their arms spread wide. "I'm home," I say softly as Prim folds her small fingers into my palm. "Five years after the death of Katniss Everdeen with new evidence in the brutal triple homicide that took the life of her sister and two young women, we finally have the true killer. Cato Alexander, a convicted felon has confessed to the brutal murders after new evidence places him at the crime. He attests that the assault was the result of a quarrel over drug money with his girlfriend Clove Alexander one of the eighteen year old victims." I can't listen to the commentary anymore. I quickly switch the power button on the radio as I pull up the gravel driveway. Plutarch and I have already gotten Katniss' posthumous pardon granted by the Governor of New Hampshire. I told her I wouldn't rest until she was free, even in death. My next move is to push new laws in the state then federally, with the hopeful abolition of the capital punishment of execution. I don't want anyone else to go through what Katniss did. Innocent or otherwise. I stop the car by the 20th row of stones. Katniss is buried beside her sister ten stones in. Gale and I made sure they both had a proper burial, unlike their parents. I step out of the car with the basket clenched tightly in my fist. It's hard coming here, but I try to do it once a week. The few short paces it takes to reach them aren't long enough. It always hurts. I place the basket of wild flowers between their graves and sit down to tell them about the new conviction and the pardon, my plans to run politically, my hopes and dreams. I'll never stop fighting for Katniss Everdeen.