to grope her breasts (layers and all) at the same moment. She was happy to pass her un-anaesthetized vocalization off as wantonness. He scrambled around in place so that his parted knees kissed hers. Cato was into it now, the fingers of one hand continuing to manipulate her breast while the other hand went to her ass, grabbing at her and pulling her eagerly towards him. His mouth moved to her throat, a mixture of kisses and hungry bites that were driving towards the neck of her shirt, and Katniss saw her opportunity. "Let me…" she panted, genuinely out of breath from the force of Cato's 'affections', "… let me take this off." She touched the zipper of her jacket and watched Cato's bowed head nod, staying on her chest as she opened her outer layer. Katniss shrugged her backpack from her shoulders, her heart pounding. She couldn't open it with him looking. She let the pack fall down her arms then brought it around to her front, allowing it to rest in her lap. Cato's eyes were still highly alert behind the lust. Katniss wrestled the jacket off, trying to seem impatient to keep Cato in the moment. She glanced up and spotted a close-cropped, but sturdy-looking branch a little more than an arm's length above them. Katniss bit her lip and lowered her eyes back to Cato. He ran his palms up the outside of her thighs and she breathed in sharply when he passed inches from her wound. At least he was still interested. Katniss shuffled forward and allowed Cato to lift her into his lap. She almost choked when she felt his erection knead between her legs. Using the new position as leverage, Katniss strained upwards, hoisting her pack up to snag its strap on the branch. She tightened it with a yank. Now was not the moment to lose her gear. Despite having Katniss's weight settled on his lap, Cato looked up inquisitively to where her fingers were fumbling open her pack's zipper. She stuffed the coat in quickly, blocking the opening, and reached for Cato's defined jaw, tracing her fingers to his chin. "I'll just be a sec. Uh, keep yourself entertained." Katniss locked her grip and tilted his jaw as she adjusted her posture just enough to compress her breasts against his face. Cato groaned and Katniss's heart hammered, but then she felt his lips shaping into loose kisses, feeling her out with his mouth through the fabric. Her chest heaved against him with a sigh and she wriggled her fingers deeper into the backpack, past her bunched jacket, and found the handle of her knife. Katniss sat back, silently extracting the blade. Cato, oblivious, helped her ease into his lap, thrusting his stiffened dick between her legs. Carefully, she wrapped her arms around him, one under his arm to reach around to his back, the other over his shoulder. In the latter, she held the knife. Quickly, she sought his mouth with hers, kissing him passionately until he seemed as distracted as she figured she was supposed to be. "Cato," she murmured against his lips when he parted hers with his tongue. "So after this… we'll find Peeta?" "Yeah," he mumbled, "After this." She could feel him smirking. "It's just…" Katniss paused to kiss him deeply for a few seconds. "There's something you should know about him…" Cato trailed his tongue along her jaw. "… before we get him." He was nodding against her. Katniss touched each of her fingers to his muscular back. If he was counting, he'd realize she'd touched him one time too many. The last tap had been the point of her knife, just to feel out the spot she wanted. Katniss slid her cheek against Cato's, rubbing her lips across his ear. "Peeta would never have sat up in a tree and watched me die." She rocked her body, throwing it away from and then towards Cato's as she drove the blade into his back with the arm still slung over his shoulder. "And I won't abandon him like you abandoned Clove." Cato's expression was flipping between dazed and agonized. His mouth dropped open and blood slid thickly out. The inside of his mouth was coated with it. Katniss wrenched the knife from his body. Her heart squeezed to do it, but she couldn't afford to lose a weapon. He grabbed for her, uncoordinatedly, and Katniss half-shifted, half-fell backwards off his lap. Without her to hold him to the tree, Cato drooped forward. His eyes were already turning dull like the ones in the faces of the dead Tributes projected in the sky every night. Cato tilted then tipped, faster and faster, until he was tumbling from the branch. Katniss wanted to grab for him, hold him up like he'd held her, but he wasn't much more than a body now. Years of hunting had taught Katniss to always go for the shot that would kill her prey quickly. Not killing at all was impossible, but she could limit the suffering. The cannon went off before the body hit the ground and Katniss sobbed in relief. At least she had spared him that. She pulled herself forward, though there was some blood in the place Cato had lately sat, and allowed her forehead to bang into the trunk of the tree. Katniss wailed with all her energy, granting herself those few minutes of humanity. Maybe she could do what Peeta said after all and try not to let the Games change her. Peeta. Katniss rubbed roughly at her face, letting the friction fight the ache inside her. There was still Marvel. There was still Thresh. There were still a lot of others, but there was also still Peeta, and she would help him. A clean, unnatural ding lifted Katniss's head from the tree. She looked over her shoulder, sighting the incoming parachute. It ding ed again. Spreading through the branches, the sunlight was warm on her face.