sweat rises on her upper lip. She realizes she hasn't actually killed anyone yet. She doesn't want her first kill to be Fide. That night they see the picture of the boy from District 2 appear in the sky. Fide and Reagan look at each other. For one heart-stopping moment Reagan thinks this is it. The time has come. She grips the handle of the knife that's in her belt very tightly. But Fide only looks at her. He blinks. Like the day they'd agreed to be allies, he doesn't advance. "Tomorrow," he says simply, then rolls over on the ground so that his back faces her, leaving him defenseless. Reagan's stomach clenches and she turns her back, lying side by side with him, back to back. The thought lulls her to sleep like a song: Tomorrow. "We'll have to end it today," says Fide. They're eating the rest of the food in the morning because they know it isn't going to matter later. "Yes," she says, stuffing her mouth greedily, wondering why it mattered. "Reagan," he says softly. It's the first time he's said her name and Reagan feels something in her chest twist. She realizes she's never said his name before, either. "Fide?" "I want you to win," he says. "Why?" the word flies from her lips before she can stop it. He looks at her. She realizes his eyes are brown. "My sister." His voice is halting, so painfully human. "She was twelve." All Reagan can think of, all she can hear, is the beating of their two hearts in that mess of undergrowth and trees. Brand screamed in agony when the knife was pressed into his stomach. Reagan can remember the pain written across his face. "I want you to stay hidden while I take on the boy from District Three. I don't want you to come out unless I die. Then you finish him." "What if you kill him?" Reagan whispers. She can barely hear herself. It might have been the wind. Fide doesn't answer. There is no answer. She does as he says. He creeps through the bushes. Almost as if it was prearranged, the boy from District 3 is waiting by the cornucopia. She watches as Fide and the boy circle each other, seize each other up, eventually launch themselves at each other, hand to hand with knives. She realizes, with her heart pumping in her stomach, that she can't just sit here and watch Fide die, not like she watched Brand die, caught behind the impenetrable screen of the television. She screams as she rushes into the battle, the sound tearing up her throat until she can't breathe. Before she knows it she's covered in blood. She doesn't know whose it is, but it covers her hands and makes it difficult to hold her dagger steady. She's dizzy and aching and still yelling and finds her hand plunging wildly, knife clamped tightly in her fist. She feels flesh that it surprising hard, pushes harder, hears screaming. Then the boy from District 3 lies dead in the sand. Reagan whoops, "We've done it, Fide! We've won! We've won!" but then she realizes they haven't won. It isn't over. Her voice disappears and her knife clatters to the ground. Fide looks at her, horrified. They haven't won. There could be no they. She can tell Fide is thinking the same thing. This was the end. This was the moment they had been dreading, unintentionally putting it off until the finish. Fide makes an odd, sputtering noise in the back of his throat and he whispers, "I'm sorry, Reagan." Again, she knows the blow is coming, and, again, it doesn't come. She hears Fide's frantic footsteps but they're leading away from her instead of towards. Panic seizes her and she's up and running too. But he's too fast for her. She's screaming, "NO! No, Fide, no!" but he doesn't stop to listen. All over again she's sixteen and she's watching Brand being stolen from her at the Reaping. In the distance she sees Fide as he hurtles over the side of the cliff, one of the many that ring in their little circle of dark forest and death. She skids to a stop at the cliff's edge and sees his body, broken on the ground below. She hears the cannon fire. She gets up and walks back to the place she killed the boy from District 3. The Gamemakers must have already taken his body because all that's left is a puddle of shockingly red blood and the knife Reagan dropped. The handle and blade glimmer red in the sunlight. She falls to her knees beside the knife. She hears the commentator's voice boom, "Reagan Slater, I give you victor of the sixty-eighth Hunger Games!" Reagan can't think straight. Blurred pictures of Fide jumping off the cliff, of her knife plunging into the heart of the boy from District 3, of Brand's name being called at the Reaping, flit through her mind. There is nothing left. There is no one left for her. She's dead. She's already dead. Never once did she think, I've won . Because she hasn't. She hasn't won anything. The knife is in her hand just as she hears the sound of the approaching hovercraft. She hears the commentator, speaking frantically into his microphone, "No, no, you've won! What are you doing! Someone stop her!" The hovercraft is flying directly over her head now. Reagan hasn't won. She knows she's got every single camera in the arena trained on her. She knows her face fills the televisions of every citizen of Panem. Reagan closes her eyes. Reagan hasn't won. Bring a little glory to his name, she thinks. She doesn't know to whom she refers. Brand or Fide? They have somehow become interchangeable. She closes her eyes as she pulls the knife towards her chest. She feels the cold blade tickle her soft skin. Bring a little glory to his name.