smile is a gift Peeta has passed onto her alone. She gingerly sits in the rocking chair adjacent to me. We rock silently for several minutes, content in watching water pour in rivets off the porch's overhang. "Now Dani, when your uncle comes to trim the lawn will he have to remove that?" I ask, looking at the little red object peeking up through the grass. "It's a flag on a stake, a marker to save my spot," she replies rocking slowly forward and back. "A marker for what?" She peers at me for a moment, her blue eyes unable to hide the apprehension she feels, "I'm marking a place to do a painting." I smile softly, "Well, warn Uncle Asa before he runs over it with the mower blades." I chuckle thinking of my often absentminded son. I can picture the fiasco vividly already. Dani usually enjoys a laugh at her uncle's expense, but her mind seems to be off somewhere else. She continues to rock, staring off into the distance. "Gran, I've been doing something without asking you and the more I work at it, the more I feel that I need your blessing," she nibbles her lip, looking down at the porch floorboards. "Well, what is it love?" I ask her softly. Whatever it is, it can't be worth the heartache she seems to be having over it. She's fourteen, the biggest worries she should have are grades and friendships. "I was looking through the attic and I found a box full of Grandpa's artwork. Things from when he was a young man," she looks up at me with glistening eyes. "I know I shouldn't have kept looking, but I wanted a little part of his life. There were so many beautiful things and seeing the world through his eyes…well, it helps when I miss him." "I don't mind at all Dani, you can look at whatever you want," I tell her honestly. She stops rocking suddenly, bending forward to place her elbows on her knees. The position leans her closer to me. There is pain on her face and I start to feel as though I know where this is leading. "The thing is…that there are a lot of things I'm not sure Grandpa would have wanted me to see. From when he was very sick and…before those even, things from the games -" I lean forward, mirroring her position and cutting her off. "Dani, listen. I've locked those things away because they are hard for me to endure sometimes; when I feel strong I look at them. Right now I am still learning to cope with Grandpa being gone," I reach my hand forward to grip her soft palm in mine. She squeezes back instantly. I tap our clasped hands with my other wrinkled palm, "If the things in the attic help you, then I want you to continue learning about the man that Grandpa has always been. The world has always been beautiful through his eyes, even in the most terrible times. He saw the beauty." "Thanks Gran. The second part is that I need your permission to continue something I've started. I got an idea, seeing all the places that he has been. They're places I can go too. I took one of his paintings of the lake. I found the exact spot where Grandpa had sat and I've been replicating it. How it looks in present day," she smiles, her Peeta showing as she must drift back to the memory of sharing a moment in time with her grandfather. A moment they never shared as he lived. "I've been thinking that I will do the same thing with some of his other paintings, like a journey of sorts. Showing how things have changed," her eyes look hopeful, yet timid. I don't let her light fade. Instead I smile warmly at her and pull her hand up to my lips so that I can kiss the other gift that Peeta has given her, gentle patient artist hands, "I have never heard a better idea in my whole life. You have my permission love; I wouldn't keep you from this for all the cheese buns in the world." "Not even if there was chocolate sauce to dip it in?" "Nope, not even then, though I may be tempted," I joke. She snorts and squeezes my hand once more before I let her go. We both fall back into our chairs and commence our rocking. "Can we keep this a secret between us?" She asks softly after several silent minutes. I raise my eyebrows, but nod. "I want to wait and show everyone when I'm ready," she reasons. When will any of us ever be ready to let Peeta go? Never. At least not for me. This is her way of dealing with it, a cathartic artistic adventure. It is such a Peeta thing to do that I can't help but embrace it. When it begins to get close to dinner time Dani rises from her chair and kisses me softly on the cheek. She bids me goodnight and begins to walk down the steps. "Dani," she stops and turns, gripping the railing. In this dimming light I'm struck with how beautiful she is. A warm pride flourishes in my chest. "He'd want you to know everything that happened to him, how it really made him feel. If there is anything that you want to know, bring your questions here. We'll work on our heartache together." She nods, her curls waving around her in the breeze, "Goodnight Gran, I love you." I smile and watch her travel down the gravel road until she disappears around the bend. A/N: Thank you for reading. I hope that you will enjoy this journey for Katniss and Dani. It will take them to many places and truly is a cathartic experience for both of them. Updates will probably occur infrequently, but I hope that they are worth the wait.