I need you to promise me something instead. I need you to watch over the farm and do as Mama and Daddy say. Always be a good boy. Help Nana around the house and keep Papa company," my voice comes out more strangled than I intend it to as several more tears flow from my eyes. "Can you do that for me?" I pull back and peer into his glassy green eyes, "I love you, don't ever forget that." Tomik nods furiously through his tears. My mother places her arms around both of us, followed by Nana. Then Brenna and Bronwyn both engulf us, their bronze faces wet with shimmering tears. Papa stands to the side watching us with a solemn face. I smile at him softly as I shed one last tear. On September 1st my mother rises early to help me pack a small suitcase with my belongings. After I slip into the nicest dress I own and step into new soft leather shoes, my mother hugs me fiercely. She thumbs the golden mockingjay necklace before pressing a kiss to my cheek. I am using the same luggage that my mother used when she moved here from District 7 so many years ago. I watch her sadly when she runs her thin fingers along the edges of it and sighs deeply. My sisters sit silently on their bed, watching me meticulously fold my dresses, pants, shirts, and undergarments. Mother begins to softly sing a mountain tune as she gingerly folds my items into the suitcase. She places a little framed picture of my family between the layers of clothing to protect it. In a small box she places a set of pearl earrings, a white kerchief, and a few coins. I try to protest the monetary gift, but my mother silences me. She stuffs the box inside the suitcase along with my boots. When the clasp is finally shut Brenna stands and embraces me. "Let me fix this up for you," she says, combing her fingers through my long hair. I nod my consent and sit patiently on the bed as she intricately braids my hair. She slides her favorite hairpin into the side of her creation to keep some of the tendrils in place. Again, I want to protest the gift, but the loving expression on her face placates me. Bronwyn holds my hands in hers while Brenna finishes her design. My mother dabs vanilla on her finger and spreads it behind my ears lightly. Bronwyn, my devilish prankster of a sister succumbs to tears as the finishing touches are made on my appearance. My heart feels heavy and torn. Brenna soon follows suit, crying lightly as she slides her arms around her twin. A brief fear overcomes me as I realize that in three years time my sisters will have to be separated from each other forever. My beautiful identical sisters who have never slept apart, nor gone a single day without each other. They have a deeper sibling bond that I can't fathom being torn apart. Father clears his throat in the doorway. I silently rise and allow him to fold me tightly in his arms. When father's youngest brother was sent out on his contract I was only an infant. I don't remember what it was like to tell someone goodbye forever. Father and Mother remember it all too clearly. They've both done it a number of times. "You look beautiful," Father says as he holds me at arm's length, "I wish we could capture you in this moment forever." The heavy sensation in my heart only seems to grow more burdensome. The four of us leave the house and find Tomik sitting with my grandparents in the shade of their porch. My Papa isn't well enough to make the two mile trip to town, so Nana will stay with him. It was decided just last night that they should watch over my brother as well. My mother thinks that the final goodbye at the train station will be too painful for him. "Beautiful," Papa says as we approach. I smile graciously at him and allow him to kiss my hands. Nana smiles warmly, though I see the fear in her eyes. "We love you," Nana says as she hugs me tightly, "Watching you grow has been a blessing." I nod and kiss her cheeks. "Being able to have you both in my life is something that I will forever be grateful for," my voice cracks as the words spill forth. Finally, my eyes fall on Tomik. His tousled hair and freckled face are so boyish and pure. I gently caress his face and smile at him with all that I am. "My little tumbleweed. I love you more than anything in the world. I will see you again someday, in the clouds," I kneel beside him and gesture toward the clear blue sky. On cloudy days Tomik and I would play a game where we designed shapes in the fluffy white clouds. A time that we spent, just the two of us. I press a kiss to his forehead and join my parents and sisters at the edge of the dirt road. They give me a moment to soak in my surroundings for the last time. I let my eyes wander slowly over the land, the barn, and the farmhouses. With a curt nod I turn to my parents and wave one last time to Tomik. On this day, I vow that I will honor my country, provide children for whom I will devote my life, support my district, and cherish the gifts that the Capitol has provided. I will do everything I can for the good of Panem. A/N: As stated in the note above, I originally read "Five Loaves of Bread: Dark Toast" by Aimmyarrowshigh, a Hunger Games story that spurred me to write this story. All due credit for the idea of contracted government marriages are due to that author.