it better so she settles for holding his hand throughout. She doubts he wants her sympathy but he never pulls away and she's glad he lets her help, at least a little. And even though her heart aches for Gale, she cannot help but support their act. It gets them sponsors, gets them food and gives them a chance. Come home Katniss, I don't care how. Just come home. They always did say be careful what you wish for. The Feast is a bloody, awful disaster. Katniss risks it all for Peeta's medicine and Gale's heart breaks a little more. The girl from two has her head bashed in and her partner begs her to stay with him. It isn't fair. But then it's the Hunger Games, it isn't meant to be fair. She thinks she might be starting to get sick of the way the Capitol forces Katniss and Peeta's love story. Nowhere near as sick as Gale, but sick nonetheless. She wonders what will happen when Katniss comes home. (Not if, when ). She realizes she doesn't care, just as long as Katniss comes back. Only three left. Katniss, Peeta, Cato. Madge knows how she wants this to go, who she wants to kill who, knows who she wants to come out on top. I'm sorry Peeta. But Katniss, you have to come home. You have to. On Day 18, Peeta and Katniss are the last two standing. Madge knows what's coming next and she's right. The Capitol announces the rule's been rescinded, Katniss and Peeta can no longer come home together. Gale spits at the ground, the square gasps and shouts and curses and Madge closes her eyes to try and stay calm. Monsters. Every one. But Katniss won't play their game, not this time. She pulls out nightlock berries and she and Peeta plan to take them together. The Capitol can choose, two victors or none. Everyone holds their breath and Madge prays the Capitol bends. And they do. Katniss wins the Hunger Games. Peeta wins the Hunger Games. Madge can feel Gale's veins humming. A match's been lit. And soon, someone'll have to burn. The Capitol spins their failure as best they can. They claim Katniss did what she did out of love. That she was so consumed by foolish, senseless love that she couldn't bear the thought of living without Peeta. It's a lie but then, The Capitol's a kingdom built on lies. And one day, they'll all come crashing down. Katniss comes home and Madge stands by the station ready to welcome her. She wants to pull her in her arms, hug her and never let go. Gale the sullen cousin stands behind her and sparks flitter through the Districts. Madge doesn't think there's enough glue in the world to keep them all together through what's to come. Katniss comes home with heartbreak like a cloud over her, raining down on each and every one of them. Madge has her best friend back and she knows it's horrible of her to be anything other than ecstatic. But there are shadows in Katniss' eyes Madge can't reach, nightmares she'll never understand. The Districts are blooming with rebellion, growing from the seeds Katniss inadvertently spread and Madge can do nothing but try and fight away the demons clawing at Katniss' door. They spend more time together than ever before, Madge even tries teaching her the piano. Katniss' fingers fumble over the keys, never quite getting it and soon she gives up. She listens to Madge instead, an almost calm look on her face and Madge would play until her fingers bled if it would make things better. If only it were that easy. Katniss takes her out in the woods and she's surprised to find it so invigorating. She feels lighter, freer. The air smells fresher here and heartbreak falls away like dying leaves. Even Katniss seems calmer, less on edge. They don't speak much, but there's a strength in togetherness. She watches Katniss hunt, watches her skill with breathless awe. Madge tries her hand as well and she knows she'll never be as talented as Katniss but she starts to feel less clumsy, the bow feeling surer in her hands with each and every outing. The mayor's daughter, learning to hunt beyond the fence. What a scandal that would make. She doesn't see Gale around, but then, she isn't surprised. The Victory Tour draws closer, looming over them and Madge feels it like a hand against her throat. She needs something, anything to keep her busy, to distract herself. She wanders through town without a purpose, buys baubles and bits from random shops and then one day she stumbles across Posy Hawthorne salivating at the bakery window. Her hands press against the glass, her eyes round, mouth open in a perfect circle. Madge knows she'll be in horrid trouble if Mrs Mellark sees her, catches her anywhere near the shop. Mrs Mellark hates everyone but Seam kids especially. Madge starts to head over but Hazelle Hawthorne arrives and pulls Posy away. She casts a last longing long at the bakery and Madge feels something inside of her squeeze. She sees her again the next day, dawdling behind her mother so she can stare in the shop window and Madge finally decides what to do. She goes to the bakery early the next morning and buys a dozen of their prettiest cookies. She steps outside and nibbles one, thinking of how Gale would hate it if he knew what she was planning but Gale's never scared her before. She eats her cookie and waits, something like anticipation scuttling beneath her skin. Madge waits and waits and waits but Posy Hawthorne doesn't walk by today. She presses her ear against the door to her father's study, hears reports of violence in the other Districts. Katniss has started something, something ready to set Panem ablaze. Madge wonders if they'll live to see what rises from the ashes.