you She had said, I'm scarred I won't lie but please don't rush me like the Capitol. If you love me then... You'll move slowly. She had been crying at that point. It had been so dark she thought he couldn't see her, but he stretched out his hand and wiped away her tears. Okay, Katniss Everdeen would you like to take a walk with me through town tomorrow? She laughed when he asked this, Sure. "Peeta?" She asked suddenly filling the space between them on the couch. "hmm?" He asked as she placed her hands on his shoulders "I-… I want you to…" she slipped her arms behind his neck. "What?" He asked almost scared. "I can't imagine coming out a second time." She said trying not cry. Hoping he would get the meaning of her actions. "Don't say that…" He sighed disappointed he didn't like talking about it, their ultimate fate. "Peeta it's true, and in this moment I-…. I want you. All of you" She got up on her knees and touched her forehead to his "Katniss you're coming out of there alive" He said not fighting off her advance. "Even if I do…. I don't want to live my whole life knowing that I could have made you endlessly happy. I want this…" She traced his jaw line with her finger and for the first time in a while her lips found him, more specifically his nose. "Marry me?" She whispered with longing and hope laughing lightly at her own question. "You're sure?" He asked as her eyelashes tickled him. "Positive" She whispered as he sat up becoming taller than her. His strong arms took hold of her slender waist and she took a loose hold of his curls. She kissed him with thick passion she wasn't sure whether or not it was lust or love but she hoped it was the latter. Her blood boiled with passion and this game she had played with him for so long finally felt right. He took her in his arms and carried her to her empty bedroom. He laid her on the bed and she slipped his shirt off tracing his well defined muscle with her hands and lips. She knew now that she was positive this did seem right and she wasn't sure why it took sex to prove this simple fact to her. She was in love with him. He was scared and she could tell. She took her silk shirt off and looked at him, "It's okay" She whispered softly. "I'm not even scared Peeta Mellark come on" She teased him lightly. He followed her orders proceeding without fear. He kissed her with rough passion that she knew was the fire he had built his whole life burning out of control. Then as if he had tamed a beast he became gentle as her own beast was unleashed. Slowly but surely they became one comfortable in intimacy that has yet to be matched in their relationship. In the arena they had been sent bread and at night when the embers of their fire were gently glowing the had their toasting. Husband and wife a consummated relationship and a never ending fire of passion that kindled their love and the child inside her. As Katniss came back from her flash back she suddenly felt faint. She heard the television again, "I still love her and I know we will find her" "Peeta" She whispered as Snow turned to see her she let the blackness of realization overcome her. But the damage was done she knew her husbands face she knew his voice she remembered conceiving of her child, she had her memory. Snow knew this and so he took matters into his own hands. Rushing her to the hospital he met with the chief of surgery who had operated on her last. "Doctor" Snow jerked him away before heading into surgery. "Do everything you can to block out her past." At first shocked the man did not answer because though he wanted to say no. No one says no to Snow. "I'll see what can be done" He answered solemnly before heading into surgery. It was long to say the least, six hours later the head surgeon had done the impossible blocking her last memories of consciousness. For once in his life the surgeon was overcome with grief at what he had done. He felt his hands were not a gift from god but rather a tool for the devils handy work. His position was not that of a demigod, no he was a mortal tempted by the devil and conceived in sin. He just mutilated a young woman's brain he morphed her memory and blocked those memories from coming back for a long while. He hated himself for this he felt now he would never be forgiven ever. "So how is she?" Snow asked as soon and the chief of surgery reached him. "Mission accomplished sir." He mustered pride for his doings. "Good, good" Snow smiled, "May I see her?" "Yes she should be waking soon." The doctor lead Snow to Katniss's room. She lay quite and peaceful. Almost as if on cue her eyes fluttered the moment Snow entered the room. "Dad?" "Yes Kate I'm here" He said delighted in the treatment she had received. "What happened?" "You fainted, they said there was something wrong with the baby but they fixed it and you'll both be just fine." She sighed relieved, "And I was going to ask you something today. Go figure" "What were you going to ask?" "…Do we have a picture of my husband? Film? Anything? I just want to know what my baby may look like." She looked down at her little bump where her baby was asleep. Snow was at a stand still, he can't just say there is nothing… "We'll do our best to look for something" He finally decided was the best response. End of the first trimester