have left, even when there is still a future waiting for them ahead. And it would take a stupid act for him to realize his life was not yet over, even if it could have been on that day. It was the second time he had woken up in the hospital, only this time it had been of a stupid and reckless decision. "Peeta, what were you thinking?" asked Elijah as soon as he opened his eyes. "I wasn't," he whispered. "I'm sorry." "Peeta... I just can't have you acting like that, not when there's so much at risk. You injured your leg again, which was still healing, and have a huge gash on your forehead that had to be stitched up," pausing for a moment, he added, "I can't lose you, too." "Are they back yet?" asked Peeta. "Who, the Everdeens? From what I heard, they're going to be staying over there for a while. Katniss isn't permitted to leave the hospital yet." "She's alright? Elijah, Katniss is okay?" asked Peeta abruptly. "Yeah, why wouldn't she be? I thought Prim told you the news yesterday. But it's going to take some time, though, before she's back to normal—shit! Peeta, you didn't," shouted Elijah, realizing his brother's reasoning. "You got drunk, stepped into the car, hit a fucking tree on the side of the road... all because you thought the operation had failed?" "If it failed, she'd have zero chance to live, Elijah," said Peeta. "And you expect me to live without her? I just can't." "Peeta, you don't know that. A year or two from now, you could be moving on. She left you, for crying out loud!" "For me. She did it for me. So I wouldn't be hurt, Elijah. I know what they say, and I could care less. I know her and what she's like. She's stubborn, impatient, and even ruder than our mother was on your nineth birthday when you invited that one boy from the Seam. But... try to understand, she makes me want to be the person I once was." When Elijah did not interrupt, Peeta continued. "Katniss makes me feel whole, like I was never broken in the first place. To everyone in this town I'm the baker's son, the kid who lost both his parents. The troublemaker. The delinquent. The quarterback. And to her, I'm just Peeta. And I love her for that." "You're just like him," Elijah mused. "Who?" asked Peeta, suddenly curious. "Nobody," he replied quickly, and turned away. But not before Peeta caught the slight wetness forming behind his eyes. And then he knew. Elijah had been comparing him to their father. May It took a year and six months for Katniss to finally get back on her feet. During that period, both Peeta and Prim tried to help her as much as possible, even if she refused their help at times. Day by day, her health was improving. As soon as she was cleared, she ran out of the house and into the woods, grabbing her quiver of arrows and bow as she went. She didn't return until nighttime, and after a scolding from her mother and a hot bowl of soup, she slipped out once more. Peeta had never seen her so alive before. It was as if she was an entirely different person when Katniss took him out to the woods one day. On one occasion, she tried to teach him how to shoot an arrow, and on accident, he almost shot himself. "I think you should stick to baking," Katniss laughed as they walked back to her house. "Really? I think I show true potential," he smiled. "Potential? Potential my—" she stopped when she saw Prim sitting on the front porch. "My what?" asked Prim. "My... bass. Potential my bass," Katniss smiled down at her sister. "Go inside, I heard mom call you." "I didn't," said Prim. "Then I'll tell you. Go inside, little duck. It's cold out here." "It's summer!" Prim sang softly as she closed the door behind. "Bye," Katniss grumbled as he kissed her forehead. She was already walking into the house when she stopped, turning to face him one last time. "Potential my—" "Bass? I don't think it's going to catch on, Katniss." "My ass! My fucking ass, Peeta!" He heard Prim's laugh as he walked down the steps, smiling to himself. Afterwards Both Coalwood and Katniss and Peeta's relationship changed as the years went by. The mines closed, and for a period of time, the town thrived. When Peeta proposed for the first time, Katniss, hesitant, turned him down gently. Though it stung, it did not discourage him from trying again. He never quite understood her distaste for marriage or children. Katniss claimed that they didn't need a sheet of paper to prove that they were in love, but Peeta knew her refusal ran much deeper than that. He asked Prim about it, who answered that Katniss didn't want to bring a child in this world, only to leave them with one parent. It didn't take long for him to draw an obvious conclusion. Katniss was afraid she would relapse. When Katniss woke the next day, she found a small sheet of paper taped to the nightstand next to their bed. Katniss, Love never dies. Not even after death. Remember that. You would never truly leave your children, or me. You would always be in our hearts, and honestly, that's where it matters the most. Love, Peeta And when Peeta Mellark returned from work that night, he found the same piece of paper from the morning lying on the counter, only this time there was one word written on the backside. Just one word, yet at that moment, it changed his world, and his heart, forever. Yes . To this day, they still have the locket. The End Like this story? I'm sure you'll love these: Red by ohmymeggs; Do Not Go Gentle by DracoisaLooker76; The Fighter by FudgyMuffins