pulls me toward her. We swivel to look for the beast. Its red eyes watch us from the edge of the tree-line. Hazelle grasps both of our hands. Her amulet presses into my palm, ripping at my skin. I grip my own amulet in my free hand. Our three energies combined create a hazy feeling in my head. "Roshhushannn Okeesahbe Romu Noviah." Hazelle's spell shivers through my spine as she speaks. Gale and I begin to chant it with her, our eyes never leaving the evil spirit that stalks us. The beast screeches at us as we chant louder. We begin walking toward it, the three of us holding hands. I feel the snow melting beneath our feet as we blaze a path toward the intruder. The beast screeches once more before it turns and runs into the dark forest. The veil of its power lifts off my chest as it disappears and I collapse into the melted earth. Gale kneels before me, holding me tight to his strong warmth. I cry into his shoulder as Hazelle says some kind of incantation to protect the house. "I thought that it couldn't come here. I thought that it only stayed on Ampersand," I cry into Gale's shoulder. "Haymitch. He needs us. We have to go back – ," Gale nods at my words before he cuts me off. He shakes his head at me as he grasps my shoulders tightly. "We have to get the Elders first. We can't do this alone." His voice is tense as he speaks. I agree with his statement whole-heartedly. His mother does too. As soon as she is finished she rushes us into the house and immediately we set out to call the entire coven. With three cell phones going at once we manage to alert everyone quickly. Hazelle and Gale quickly dress the children in warm clothes and herd them into their SUV. My mother will shelter them at our home with Prim. When Haymitch is found, mother will be summoned to heal him and I will return to care for the kids. The drive to my house is quicker than usual and heightened with an edge of fear. Posy keeps crying and asking why everyone is acting so strangely. Hazelle tries to sooth her as Gale speeds down the darkened icy road. As soon as we pull up the drive my mother and Hazelle set out to create wards around the house. I try not to cry as Prim and Rory take the two younger kids into the living room to watch a movie. "Be safe Katniss," my mother says as she grips my hands tightly. She kisses me and draws me tight into her chest. It is the first time I really feel my mother's energy. I am overwhelmed by the feeling of brightness that it gives me. This must be what it feels like to be healed. Everything is happening so quickly. It seems like in no time we have met up with everyone in the Bakery's parking lot. Mrs. Mellark, a non-magical woman knows about her husband and sons. She stands solemnly on the front stoop, watching us as we group together. I feel Peeta's presence now more than ever. He fixes me with a look of deep concern as Gale recounts what happened in the woods. As each minute moves by I fear that Haymitch is probably already dead. Elder Sae addresses us all before we are ready to depart for Ampersand. "If any of you feel that you are ready to be bound, now is the time to do so." Elder Sae says seriously. I can feel both Peeta and Gale staring at me heatedly. Madge clears her throat to my left. "I am willing to be bound with anyone Elder, if it will protect the circle." Madge's eyes are glued to Gale, even if her words don't reveal her true feelings. I know that Gale and Madge have a powerful bond, even if he tries to fight it and insists on being with me. "Elder, I think that Madge and Gale should bind. She's his opposing element. They are stronger together." I find myself saying. Gale looks as if I have betrayed him, but Madge seems hopeful at the prospect. "What?" Gale hisses. I grimace at his hurt. "You know that it's the truth Gale, it was probably written in the stars long ago. Peeta's my opposing element. I knew it the first moment I touched him. It just took me a while to decipher." I say it barely above a whisper. "So you'll bind with him then?" His tone seems to carry finality. The Elders watch our conversation with interest. "If that's what you want, then so be it." Gale says. I nod, unsure what to say to him. "Then it shall be done." Mr. Mellark says. We are instructed to clasp hands with our chosen energy partner. Together we will be stronger. Peeta's brothers bound themselves together a long time ago when they realized that together they were powerful. Not every match is romantic or convenient. The match is a protection; a force that calls to you. Hazelle and Mr. Mellark recite the necessary vows to bind us in our pairs eternally. The weight of the moment bears down on me heavily. Peeta squeezes my hand in reassurance; he can probably sense my fear. I'm doing this to protect my circle and my family. A strange light flows from Madge and Gale, wrapping around their wrists before surging into their fingertips. Madge gasps loudly and looks up into Gale's strained face. He nods at her before they pull their hands away. The same strange light flows around me and Peeta. It tingles as it flows into me. As it completely disappears within me I feel the cool sensation of water pouring over me. Peeta is a part of me now. We will protect each other and make the circle stronger for it. To be continued…