doesn't fall like he did the last time Katniss thought running into a man with a cane was a good idea, but it's a close thing. His arm instinctively wraps around her waist, holding himself up as much as her, and she throws her arms around his neck. "I'm sorry," she says, not quite sure what she's apologizing for. For being someone she's not, for being who she is, for getting them both dirty in more ways than this. Peeta's mouth had opened slightly in surprise at her approach and he stares down at her with this wild, distant look in his eyes that makes Katniss both want to pull away and bring him nearer. It only lasts a moment and then Peeta snaps back into himself. His grip around her waist loosens. "It's fine," he says. The way he sounds, she almost believes him. He never says anything flippantly. He has such power over people in this way, over her. They would love him in the Capitol. He could make a fortune doing anything he wanted. People would pay him for the privilege to watch. And what's Katniss asking him to do? 'Come run away to the woods with me and Gale and my family and his family! Won't that be fun? Eating bark, never baking bread again, or painting. And you can sleep alone every night for the rest of your life.' Katniss still has her arms wrapped around Peeta's neck but he's almost gotten free of her. He takes his hands and pulls her arms apart, and for a moment Katniss resists, trying to keep her arms where they are. He smells the same, the same as he did in the Games. He's so warm, not feverish like back then, but so good and solid and warm. Like a kitchen hearth. Safe. "Katniss," he says, quiet as always but more firmly than he usually speaks to her. "It's fine. You don't have to do this." "But -" she says, blinking back the blur of tears. She does have to do this. Peeta deserves to have what he wants. She will never be happy. She has known this since her father died. And she could make Peeta happy, if she tried. Maybe. Prim likes her, after all. She must have some good things about her, if people so worthy as her sister and Peeta want to be around her. Peeta pushes her arms down to her sides. "I don't want this," he says, a trace of the steel she heard before returning to his voice. "Do you understand me?" She stays frozen where Peeta placed her, her boots sinking into the muddy ground. She feels like a child, the way he's asking her that, like she's done wrong. And she has. She sees that now. She's made what is going wrong with them ten times worse. All she can do is nod at him. He looks at her a moment longer to see if the message is sinking in. Apparently satisfied with what he sees, he lets her go and turns around. To do what, walk away again? For good? Katniss swallows around the lump in her throat. "I would," she says, halting Peeta in his steps. She stumbles after him, but this time doesn't touch him. "I really would, Peeta -" She gasps as Peeta swings around and grabs her by the arm, nearly tearing her to the ground. She's certain he's going to hit her, and he moves so fast there's not much she can do except let it happen. Doesn't matter. She deserves it. But instead of a blow the next thing Katniss feels is Peeta's lips on hers. Not a nice kiss, either, the kind she would expect from him. The kind they give the cameras for the folks back home. There's force behind it, overwhelming force, and an emotion that at first Katniss thinks is anger. Only this feeling never tips into violence, never hurts her in a way she'd try to fight. Peeta's fingers pull through her hair, turning her face up to his. Katniss thinks she might make a noise, a soft 'oh' of surprise that's lost against the press of Peeta's mouth. This isn't the boy she knows. Soft, safe Peeta. As good and wholesome as the bread he bakes. This is someone who's going to drown her. Then it's over and she's being pushed away. Before she has a chance to really kiss Peeta back, he is shoving her off him. She trips backwards. Her mouth bruised and red; she's panting. Peeta looks so cool as his eyes settle on her. All she can do is breathe. "I'm not a nice guy," Peeta says. It takes Katniss a second to cobble the words into a coherent idea in her head. "What?" she says. "I said I'm not a nice guy," Peeta says. "I would expect things from you. If you were mine." He wipes his mouth with the back of his hand, that mouth that was just on hers, and Katniss can barely look away from it now. "But you're not mine," Peeta says. "So I don't ask." He didn't ask just now, either, Katniss thinks, but it's not what she wants to say. It would be too easy to hurt Peeta with this. And she never wants to hurt him. She cannot abide to watch another creature suffer. There is no contradiction in Katniss's mind between herself as a hunter and this sentiment she holds. She worked to become a clean shot, so that no one, animal or man, would feel more pain than was necessary. "I'm leaving now," Peeta says. "Don't follow me, please." "I won't," Katniss says swiftly, as if she is somehow bestowing a gracious favor. "I'll leave you alone as much as I can -" Peeta laughs unpleasantly. "Don't do that, either." And then he's walking away from her. Katniss remains where she is, as she promised, until Peeta is well out of sight.