when Katniss sees the soft twinkle in his blue eyes does she realize how long he has waited for this moment. When he says his next words, her heart swells as stars obscure her vision. " I love you." Before she even gets the chance to reply, his lips find hers. Placing his fingers against her face, he strokes the edge of her cheek lightly as he entwines his other hand with hers. A moan escapes from her mouth as he suckles a delicate spot on her neck, blinding her to everything else but the feel of him against her body. After a few moments of this, he begins peppering kisses against her collarbone, then her abdomen, before pulling away. Looking both cautious and focused, he takes out a tentative finger and starts stroking the area in between her thighs, finding her dewy and ready for him. Moans fly out of her mouth as he increases the pace, not stopping until she finally unravels around him, shuddering. "Pe-peeta, come here," she requests, gasping as a small smile of satisfaction appears on her lips. "I-I need more of you," she continues, stretching her arms for him to come forward. Obliging, he does so, settling himself above her as he leans his lips passionately against hers. His hand intertwines with her hand again the same way he did earlier and he steadies his grip, dipping his forehead against hers. A slight whimper leaves her lips as she feels the hard length of him begin to enter her. Worry flashes in Peeta's eyes but Katniss reassures him with a kiss, coercing him to continue. Biting her lower lip, she places both her hands against the arc of his back. As she curls her legs around his hips, he reenters her. Suddenly, an unfamiliar pain overwhelms her body, but the sensation it leaves afterwards floods her with something that can only be described as fleeting. A single, devastating thrust from Peeta causes her to stifle a gasp as her nails dig into his back. His chest heaves erratically against her own as she feels his hot pants brush her neck. Pulling away briefly, he stares intently into her grey eyes and murmurs in a hushed voice, "If you want me to stop, just tell me, okay?" Wiping the sweat from his forehead, she gives him a slight shake of her head. As she winds a single hand into his ruffled hair, she answers, "It's okay, Peeta. I'm okay." Her lip quivers briefly before she assures him again, "I'm okay." Then, she takes his lips into her own. Slowly but surely, they begin to move as one. The light from the fireplace spills in golden patches across the room, casting a warm glow amongst the two lovers as they get tangled up in an amorous dance. With gentle strokes, he continues to ease into her taut opening. He struggles for a while—she can tell by confusion that flickers within his solemn gaze every now and then. It certainly doesn't help that he has a metal contraption strapped onto the remainder of his left leg, a dead weight that he tries his damnedest to manage with. However, once he's got the hang of it, he doesn't stop until he's fully sheathed inside of her, causing a soft purr to escape from her lips. He silences her with a kiss and reaches one hand up to cup her breast, lightly kneading it with his fingers. Thrusting his hips, he maintains a steady rhythm, occasionally reaching down to softly nip at her smooth, creamy flesh. A smile grazes his lips as he relishes the motley of lingering scents on her skin, breathing in the smell of sandalwood and pines. After a while, a high-pitched gasp echoes all throughout the room. Giving an involuntary jerk of her torso, she arches her back. A rush of pleasure grips her as she presses her body closer to his. She trembles for a few short moments, before completely falling apart in his arms. "Oh, Peeta," she moans, overcome with the newfound sensation. Pressing her fingers firmly against his back, she clings on tightly, still feeling him hard inside of her. With one arm, he props himself up as his free hand finds its way onto her face, shaking. Pressing his forehead against hers, he kisses her passionately and continues to move above her, this time with a fervent ardor. She lets out a sharp cry, surprised by the sudden change in pace, but all the more invigorated. Resting her chin against the curve of his neck, her nails curl around tighter against his skin, making him grunt. Overwhelmed with a sudden surge of vehement desire, she digs her heels into the small of his back and tightens against him, pulling him in deeper. Before he knows it, a soft groan leaves his lips as he finds himself erupting with warmth, spilling into her. While he finishes, his breath comes out in shuddering breaths as he buries his face against the crook of her neck. Her fingers brush through his blonde hair in calming strokes, soothing him. After a while, he pulls his face away from her. A smile has crept its way onto his lips. Her mouth mirrors his own as she tenderly wipes the sweat across his brow and forehead. For a while, neither of the two say anything as they relish the infinite bliss brought on by what just transpired between them, gazing into each other's eyes with looks that can only described as loving. It's Peeta who finally breaks the silence after he settles a palm against her cheek. Leaning in a bit closer, he murmurs in a raspy tone, "I'm looking forward to more of that, Mrs. Mellark." At his suggestion and eagerness, she can't help but laugh, running a loving hand through his blonde locks. "Hold on, Lover Boy." After pulling him in for another long and lingering kiss, she replies, "Don't worry. You have a lifetime."