me a story," I say to him instead, to distract us both from legs that suddenly feel as though they will not support me, and he takes a step away from me and crosses his arms as though to ward me off. "What kind of story do you want?" he asks slowly. "I'm not sure that I would even be telling you the truth." This is how we exist now: buried in flashbacks and memories, Peeta unsure if even half of them are real. "Tell me about the day you planted the primroses." The words are out of my mouth before I even have a chance to think about them, but they smooth out the line that has slashed across his forehead, and he sinks down to sit cross-legged on the floor, frowning in concentration as I join him. "I remember coming home," he says. "But it wasn't home." Remembering all too well the scents that had lingered – my mother's medicine, Prim's soap, even the gloves Gale had left behind that perfumed the floor of a closet with the smell of pine – and how they had seemed offensive in their familiarity, their banality, I nod. "And I realized that it wasn't the same because I wasn't trying to find an excuse to come see you," he says. "I didn't even know where you were, the way you used to always closet yourself in the strangest places, and Haymitch-" He laughs to himself. "I knew where Haymitch was, but it would have taken too long to sober him up," he says. He falls quiet, and I take his hand as much for my comfort as for his, one of my fingers tracing over the broken circlet of a scar that my teeth left behind, one that he fought the Capitol so hard from erasing that they gave up and left the rest behind as well. "I thought you wouldn't want to see me," he says quietly. "After the last time we saw each other. One broken heart was enough." "I did want you-" I start, but he reaches forward and covers my mouth, not unkindly. "I'm telling the story," he says. "When Dr. Aurelius let me go, he told me that if I was going to stay here, in Twelve, I needed to find a touchstone to go to when I wasn't sure what was real. And while I was walking through my house, looking at the furniture that someone else picked out, the clothes I knew I'd never wear again, I realized that the only thing that ever made sense to me here was being with your family. Your mom, who always joked with me in the mornings -" Did she? This is news to me. I always seem to remember a flare of affection in my mom's eyes when she looked at Peeta, but it was so rare for her to make a joke that I can hardly imagine the emotions driving her to be so relaxed. "You," he continues softly. "Sometimes." This shocks a rare grin out of me, and he returns it, abashed. "Haymitch," he says. "Never." We laugh. "And Prim," he finishes. "Who beat me at chess every time we played and then looked at me with those big eyes and still managed to convince me to bring over a bag of cookies the next time I came." "Your mom was gone," he says simply. "Haymitch was worthless." "Is worthless," I mutter, and Peeta laughs. "Is mostly worthless," he accepts. "I was too afraid to come find you. So the only thing left that would have made this home was Prim. And since she was gone too, I had to find the next best thing. "I spent that whole night looking," he says in quiet remembrance. "And when I walked up to your house, I didn't know if I was more afraid that you would come outside or that you would ignore me completely. I just keep thinking of the expression on your face when I took the nightlock pill away from you, and how when they dragged you off you kept screaming his name, not mine." Caught up in his memory, I flush all over again, sure that if Peeta had been the one going to a certain death my name would have been the last word on his lips. "Then I looked up and there you were," he says. "And at first I was furious with Haymitch. He promised me that he would take care of you until I was able to, and he was falling down on the job." "Worthless," I remind him. "But then I realized that under all of the dirt and hair, I could still see you," he ignores me. "That Haymitch kept you alive, and I could never really depend on him to do more than that." He falls silent for long enough that I start to worry about him, and then he shakes his head and smiles to himself. "Beautiful," he says. "You were beautiful." "I was horrible," I interject truthfully. "I don't think I'd washed my hair in a month. Johanna would have been jealous." "It didn't matter, Katniss," he says earnestly. "It's never mattered. In mud, or snow, or in that joke of a wedding dress, or dressed up like a gigantic bird on fire – it's never mattered. I don't think you realize how lovely you are to me." He takes in a breath. "Haven't you figured this all out by now?" he asks me quietly, and in the dark blue of his eyes I can find nothing to say. "Katniss," he says quietly. "I was – I am – in love with you." I've heard those words from him in so many places, in front of so many people, and I still don't know what to say, still don't know the words to describe exactly what he is to me. "Even now?" I manage weakly, and he looks away. "Always," he says.