could probably pass for a boy. She has a dull olive tint to her skin, her hair is dark and silky even as it's pulled back into a tight bun. She has hard grey eyes that remain downcast. She is pitiful and honestly not beautiful. I can only focus on one thing about her and that is the intensity in her down turned eyes. She is not obedient, she will fight. For her that could be deadly. It's dangerous to fight against me or our government. So why is it I feel a twinge of admiration in her intensity? A Peacekeeper has a firm grip on her elbow as our party enters. "You can release her, I've trained her well enough." Dr. Coin says. The man releases her to reveal a pale patch of skin where he held on. "Now what do we say?" Dr. Coin jeers her. The girl bows at the waist to us, "I will not disappoint." She says. "You're beautiful." Delly says. Leave it to my wife to find the good in people. Even, as the case may be, if it isn't very truthful. "Th-thank you, ma'am." The girl says still bent over at the waist. "What is your name?" Delly steps forward. The young girl bites her lip. "You won't need to call her by name. You'll only refer to her as she or her, and she'll respond." Dr. Coin says. I take Delly's hand to bring her back beside me. "That seems a bit cruel." Delly whispers to me. Dr. Coin begins reading off facts about our now surrogate, "She is sixteen years of age. Blood type B positive. A clean family history. Mentally stable. Teachers favorite student." The girl only stiffens for an instant, it goes by unnoticed by Dr. Coin, but I catch it. "When will we know?" I ask. "In a weeks time, you'll be called back for the reading of the results. She'll be living with you after that, if she is pregnant. She'll remain with you until the baby is born. Then she'll return until she conceives again." Dr. Coin gestures to the girl who is still bent over, she stands firmly in her place. Unmovable, untouchable, unbreakable. "Is this all?" I ask desperate to leave at the very least so that girl can stand. "You'll come with me to the Capitol. To sign her under your name." Effie says. What? Am I, buying her as my newest piece of property? "If you're ready to leave we can get going." "Let's go." I say quickly, I want to drag Delly out of here. However Delly takes one finally glance at the girl. "Thank you." She says as I yank her from the room and out to the blinding hallways. Effie gets us back in the car and drives us to the Capitol. I feel odd as I think about what has just transpired, I know they're inseminating that girl right now. That girl who hardly looks fourteen but is said to be sixteen. I feel like I'm cheating on my wife even as I sit beside her, signing a young girl's life away to carry our children. Once we get back home its mid afternoon. I hold Delly in the front of our home. I rock her back and forth trying, if anything, to comfort her. "You were scared." I tell her. "Nothing gets past you, does it?" "I'm a painfully observant individual." She sighs, "It's frightening, that girl is having our child. Only it's yours and hers... I can't help it." I say nothing for a moment, "It will still be our baby Dell." She smiles up at me, "I know, and that's why I still think she's perfect... isn't she? Young and sturdy. She'll give us a good baby." I don't say anything, "She's the answer to our prayers." I remain silent until she pulls back from me. "We'll have to make room for her. They'll be expecting to see the house." "I can set up a bed for her Dell." "Oh but where? We only have our room and the nursery right now." "We can put her in the basement." Out of sight out of mind right? "Are you sure?" "We can clean it up." I tell her. "Together. Tomorrow night." She smiles and hugs me tighter, "I'll get dinner started." She tells me heading into our kitchen. I however go upstairs. I sit on our bed and watch the clouds dim. I know it's the sunset, and I can feel in my heart, it's like something is setting in my life too. I just don't know what that is yet. One week later we are back at the grey block labeled 'Family Planning'. We are led into a small room like when we first met our surrogate however she sits on the cold hard floor in front of two chairs meant for Delly and I. We take our seats with Dr. Coin and Effie filing in behind us. "Alright," Dr. Coin says, "Let's begin shall we. As you know if you are not pregnant the first time out don't be discouraged most don't conceive until the third or fourth try. After two years if there is no success at all you have the option to switch surrogates." Delly and I nod, our fingers that don't fit together are twisted tightly. Her hands sweaty and shaky. My nerves simmered down inside me only relevant to me. "Ready?" She asks. Delly nods, the girl at our feet seems to sink into herself. I wonder if she already knows. Maybe she does, I've heard you know the moment it happens. Of course I'm not sure how it works. "... Congratulations," That's all Dr. Coin needs to say. Delly and I are having a baby only it's just my baby. It's mine and this girl who sits at our feet slumped over, like she wishes to disappear. Delly looks ready to cry. I feel ready to vomit. "You're pregnant."