door. I can hear it softly tick as it moves. After a few minutes the Foreman enters pulling his coat off and brushing snow off his hat. He places both of them on a coat rack by the door. The secretary notifies him about some tasks and hands him a few stacks of paper and files. Then she nods in my direction, "Someone's here to see you sir." Foreman Banks is a tall man, but he is thin and wiry. His face is wrinkled, but his hair is only partially grey. He's probably older than my father by about ten years. I think I remember hearing that he has been at the mines since he was about sixteen. His father was the Foreman before him. "Hello, miss-" he pauses and I stand to introduce myself, "Miss Sidney Elmwood." My voice sounds smooth and controlled again, but my heart is beating furiously. At the mention of my last name he nods and beckons for me to follow him into his office. I oblige and carry my coat over my arm. He offers me a seat in front of his desk. He places the pile of tasks on his desk, leans back in his chair and fixes me with his gaze. "Your father is very ill," he begins and clasps his hands together on his chest. I look at his fingers, long and laced together. "He has been ill for quite some time. I think we both know that he shouldn't be coming to work any longer. I assume this is why you have come." I nod and look back into his eyes. "My father and I only have each other to take care of, but I don't have a job. The mines are the only means by which we can survive right now." He nods in agreement, but then he shakes his head sadly. "I'm sorry Miss Elmwood, but we can't have a miner holding up the crew like that any longer. We can't help your father." I see where he is heading with this, but I break him off before he tells me I should leave. "No, you don't understand. I'm not here for my father to keep his job," He looks confused. I swallow hard and try to calm my beating heart as I continue, "I want to take his place." Foreman Banks sits forward in his chair and places his hands on the edge of the desk. He eyes me carefully, looking at my entire physical stature. "You're a woman," He says simply. "And you're a man," I reply icily. Again with the woman speech. I know that there are several burly women who work here, I've seen them from time to time. It occurs to me that he thinks I am a weakling. My hands ball into fists as my fear is replaced with a simmering anger. "I can hold a pick axe and I am more able bodied than some of the men you have down there," I say indignantly. He lets his eyes rake over me again. "Stand up," he orders. My eyebrows nit together in confusion at his words. In reply, he makes a hand motion for me to rise. I do it begrudgingly. He approaches me and eyes me carefully. He grabs my arms and inspects them. I start to feel a little ridiculous. He turns away and grabs a pick axe that has been leaning against the back wall. When I grasp it in my hands I don't flinch at the weight. I've held my father's multiple times. Foreman Banks returns to his chair and rubs his chin with his right hand. It is clear that he is in thought, but I feel foolish standing there holding the axe like I am about to go into battle. "I want you to start tomorrow. Bring a lunch and work clothes. Use your father's lamp and axe, we don't have spares at the moment. Fill out the papers with Gloria on your way out." I sigh in relief and lean the axe against his desk. Just as I am about to thank him he continues. "There will be trouble from some of the men. I don't want any of that to reach this office. You hear?" His voice is stern and I nod several times. "Keep your chin up kid and I better see a lot of progress from you." I nod again, this time almost feverishly. "Good, now get going. Be here by 8am." I grab my coat off the chair, "Thank you Foreman." My voice sounds far less tense than when I was angered before. I close his door behind me and go back to Gloria the secretary. I explain the situation to her and ignore her wide eyes. She shows me how to fill out the paperwork and once I have finished I return it to her. After I finish fastening my coat I give her a tentative smile and leave. My heart seems to have leapt into my throat as I walk home. It is a sensation like having something stuffed inside there. I try to swallow it down, but it stays. Tomorrow is the first day of the rest of my life , I think wryly as I walk slowly towards my street. A life where the mine might collapse or explode. The snowflakes continue to fall around me slowly. I feel the wind biting at my cheeks, but my mind ignores the sensation and carries on with thoughts of tomorrow. Before I round the corner, I glance back at the opening to Lift 1. The carrier of souls. Briefly the thought passes my mind that tomorrow my soul could be trapped in the Earth beneath me, whether I'm dead or alive. So many ways that a miner can die , I laugh bitterly for a moment. I am no longer a coal miner's daughter from the Seam of District 12. I am a miner. Tomorrow I might die.