clenching onto the dirt at her locked finger tips. "You know Clove, it doesn't have to be this way." "It's funny how you say that, just as I'm about to kill you." She replies, taking a smaller knife from her belt. She pressed the tip of it up against the edge of Twelve's lip, slowly making an indent until blood was shining through. "Well, I wasn't exactly planning on trying to kill you, until you attacked me." "Yeah, alright." Clove agreed sarcastically. "We could both leave with our bags, and deal with this later on. Wouldn't that be fair for the both of us?" "I don't think it would be." She hissed, digging her knee into Katniss' rib until she was wincing in pain. She began tracing the cut on her lip down towards her chin. "Such a pretty face." She pouted again. "It's too bad that it has to go to waste... I'm sure Peeta will be very upset when he sees your face in the sky." "How are you so sure it'll be mine he's seeing?" "Oh, I'm positive." Clove stuck the knife in further, until it hit the chin bone underneath the skin. Katniss let out a yelp, her entire body suddenly tense and struggling against her hold. Clove managed to hold her down. "I can't wait to see the look on his face when I kill him, just like I'm about to kill you." She yanks the knife from Katniss' bone, making tears stream down the sides of her face. "Goodnight, Girl On Fire." She raises her knife, about to plunge it into her enemy, when a strong hold grabs onto her wrist and yanks her off her knees. . . . . . The next thing Clove knew, she was slammed up against the metal wall of the Cornucopia. A large man she recognized as Thresh from District 11 had a grip on the collar of her jacket. He was staring death into her soul, and she struggled against his strong grip. Her heart was thumping in her chest like a galloping horse, and time itself began to freeze around her. He was yelling at her, saying unspeakable words and cursing her name for hurting the little girl from his district. She didn't look at this moment like it was the end of her life, as much as she looked at it as punishment for trying to make Katniss suffer. It was a punishment for being stubborn, and for being violent. It was punishment for being a career . "Please." She gasped through the grip he suddenly had on her neck, and the only word after that came into her mind. Cato. "Cato!" She screamed at the top of her lungs, despite the fact that he was cutting off her air. "Cato!" It was ear piercing, loud enough that her own ears seemed to pop at the volume. A loud thump was the next thing she heard through ringing ears, and then another, as her head was slammed into the metal wall. Seconds later, everything went black. . . . . . Cato practically fell down from the tree, hitting the ground with a huge amount of force. He forced himself up despite the new found pain, running in the direction of Clove's desperate scream. The canon boomed before he could even get halfway there, and both Thresh and Katniss were gone seconds after that. He didn't even care, because all he could see was the lifeless body that laid before his eyes. "Clove." He collapsed onto his knees by her limp being, taking her into his arms and wrapping her up like a blanket in his chest. He didn't want to believe she was dead, and he couldn't even begin to register that it was true. He had only awoken seconds before when he heard her screams, and he was at a complete loss of reality. "Clove." He whispered again, staring down at her hair as he held her close. The back of her head was bloody, her hair stained in crimson all around her. Her lifeless eyes were staring off into space, and after staring into them, he began to realize that she was really gone. He gazed at her for what seemed like hours to him, but was only minutes in reality. His eyes were overflowing with tears by the time her took her into his arms again. Keening over at the hip, he buried his face in her brunette hair and just sat there sobbing. He felt as if he had been the one to die, not her . He felt as if his entire life had been leading up to this moment, and he had failed to save her... by extension, he had failed to save himself. Guilt was setting in, and all he could possibly do was sit there helplessly and sob over her dead body. "I'm sorry." He cried, rocking her in his arms like he had done with the Clove who said she loved him. "I'm so sorry." He could barely breath through the tears that clogged his throat. "This is all my fault." . . . . . By the time he left her body there to be taken away, he had begun to realize how dead he really was. Not only for losing her, but for being a piece of the Capitol's games like they had always wanted their tributes to be. He felt dirty, and guilty for what he had done... and deep down inside, he knew that the little girl from District 2 had been the only thing keeping him sane. Author's note ; Yay, I hope you guys liked that (and cried c;). Clato used to be my favorite shipping in the whole world, so I felt like I kinda needed to write a one shot about it. :D Pleaaaaase leave a review and let me know what you thought about it? Also, ideas for future one shots? Thanks for the read!