shit." Johanna swore as she gazed down at the scene below her. The girl from two and the tributes from one were marching towards the mountain. They had figured out that she was hiding up there and they were here to kill her. At that moment, Johanna knew, the seventy first Hunger Games were going to end today. Today, one way or another, Johanna Mason was leaving the arena. Suddenly, the girl from two whirled around and stabbed the boy from one in the neck. The boy coughed out a glob of blood before collapsing to the ground. Johanna sighed in relief as the two girls began to fight. Perhaps, they would kill each other. Just as Johanna believed she was safe, a loud rumbling came from above her. The two girls below stopped fighting and screamed. Johanna turned around and gasped as large pieces of rock began to fall down the mountain. Quickly, she began to run as fast as she could down the mountain. She tripped and fell to the ground with a cry of pain. She scrambled to get up and got to her feet just as a boulder smashed into where she had been moments ago. Johanna continued to run until she reached the bottom of the mountain and was face to face with the girls from one and two. Abruptly, the landslide stopped. It had been a ploy by the Capitol to get Johanna and the girls together. This was going to be the last fight of the seventy first Hunger Games. The three girls stood and stared at each other for a few seconds. Johanna closed her eyes hating what she was about to do but knowing it was the only thing she could. "I am going to do this." she thought. "I'm going to do this for David." She dived at the district one girl with her axe and sliced at her neck. The girl dodged and swung at Johanna with her dagger. The dagger grazed Johanna's side and she gave a cry of pain before grabbing her knife and plunging it into two, who had been about to attack her from behind's, arm. In a frenzy of kicks and swishes of her axe, Johanna fought with the two tributes until the both lay on the ground. All three had suffered injuries. Two had been stabbed in the gut by Flutter and then hit by the butt of Johanna's axe. She lay dead upon the ground. Johanna's side was a bloody and cut up mess and she had a gash running from her hairline to her chin in the left side of her face. Flutter, lay upon the grown with Johanna's knife in her side. She was dying slowly and painfully. "P-p-please." she begged looking up at Johanna. "P-please!" Johanna knew exactly what she wanted. Nodding, Johanna raised her axe and in one clean swish chopped of Flutter's head. It was a quick death. Johanna had put the other girl out of her misery. She stood there on the floor of the meadow and sighed in relief. It was over. Johanna Mason had won the Hunger Games. She was going home. Back to David. "There's my winner!" Ashton said wrapping her in a hug. The final interview was over. It was almost time for Johanna's return to her home. She had a big fancy house in Victor's Village and soon, she would be with David again. "I'm am so ready to go home." Johanna sighed. "I know kiddo." Ashton said. "Just one last dinner. President Snow wants to talk with you and has requested a private dinner with you." "Um... Okay." Johanna said unsurely. "I'll just get ready and go then." "Ah. Ms. Mason." Snow said gesturing for her to sit. "Hello President." she said taking her seat. "How are you?" "I'm well. Thank you." he answered. "How about you." She shrugged. "I've been better and I've been worse." "Well, I have something that will make you feel better." he smiled creepily. "Several young men have requested your company for the night. I do believe you could be quite popular here in the Capitol." Johanna raised her eyebrows. "Requested my company? Like, they want to sleep with me?" "Well..." "No!" Johanna yelled. "I'm not doing it! I'm not letting you make me into some sex toy!" "Ms. Mason!" he smiled coldly and adjusted the rose in his lapel. "I respect your wishes. Why don't you eat your dinner on the train. I'm sure you are anxious to get home." "Okay..." Johanna said suspiciously. Had she gone too far? All her worries about President Snow were driven from her mind as the train approached the station. Soon, she would be in David's arms. Johanna was anxious to see her boyfriend and father again. However, when she arrived at the platform, they weren't there. Neither was her best friend, Ashley. "What happened?" Johanna asked a shopkeeper after the camera's finally left. "To your friends and family? They had a party to celebrate you winning the games. The house caught on fire and no one made it out alive. The only thing that didn't burn were some white roses." Johanna let out a scream of despair and began to run back to her house. "Johanna!" Blight shouted as she entered Victor's Village. "What?" "It's Ashton! He seemed to have drowned in his bath tub!" "No!" she screamed again and ran to her mentor's home. A sickly smell of roses penetrated the house as soon as she walked in. That night, as she cried over the loss of her loved ones, Johanna Mason swore that one day, she would get revenge. Author's Note: Hi! This was just something that popped into my head while I was researching for Science. I don't know why, but it did. Anyway, did you like it? If you did REVIEW if you didn't still REVIEW but please don't be mean. Just tell me why you didn't like it nicely . Thanks! ~foureverbookworm