and rather than feel the prickly sensations I often do when we touch, I find her guidance comforting. A few yards from the porch one of the Peacekeepers addresses us, "Magdalene Hawthorne?" Madge lets go of my elbow, but keeps her left hand on my back as she looks up, "Yes? Can I help you?" "We have notification here that your husband has missed 4 weeks of service in the mines. Due to his absence we are notifying you that he has been lain off," the man, a bulky blonde, hands Madge a paper stamped with a seal from the mines. She keeps a neutral face as she tears it open. I grit my teeth against the remark that I want to throw at the men who are acting as if I'm not even present. Madge scans the letter briefly, "Sir, I don't mean any disrespect, but my husband was injured in the collapse there is no way that he can go back to work at this time. Can his position be held until he heals?" "No m'am, we were told to deliver the final notice. You've been given three notifications that the spot could be taken by another family member. Since no one has filled this position the contract will be terminated." At least the man has the decency to be proper with her. "I understand," she presses the crisp white paper to her side and looks toward me with a smile that I know is meant to be encouraging. "Thank you for your time," Madge adds politely as the men begin to walk away. They glance between themselves. The blonde man that delivered the letter nods, "Have a good day m'am." I've never seen Peacekeepers so formal. Maybe they know who Madge used to be? We watch them walk toward town in silence. Once they've made it a safe distance Madge turns back toward me, "I'm so sorry Gale, I didn't want you to lose your job, but in my condition I wouldn't be able to stand in for you." "I know," I say simply, "It's alright." Instead of dwelling, I turn toward the house. I'm determined to make it up the three steps onto the porch. At least that is something I can do, you can do it, you can, just one step at a time . "Be careful on the steps," my mother pleads as I maneuver them with great difficulty, gripping onto Madge's hand and the railing. Ma brings the walker up and situates it in front of me before she opens the door. Not much has changed in my home. A few things are in different places than they used to be and there's a new picture on the mantle beside my parent's wedding photo, even from a distance I can tell its Posy. Immediately I head toward that picture. I need to see her face, like I need to breathe air. It never occurred to me to ask if they had a picture. A strained noise escapes me as I pick up the frame and examine my baby sister's face. It isn't a picture, but a painting. More realistic than any I have ever seen. At twelve years old, Posy was more beautiful than I could imagine her ever becoming. "Who made this?" My voice cracks with the effort of fighting tears that are prickling their way out. My mother lays her head on my shoulder as she looks at the painting. She circles my waist with her arms. "Peeta painted it. He gave it to us when they came back after the games. It looks just like her. She was so stunning wasn't she?" Ma is on the verge of crying too. "She would have broken all the hearts in the Seam," I say, thinking of all the men we would have been fending off. "She already did," my mother murmurs, taking the frame from my hand and placing it on the shelf. She clears her throat and turns toward the kitchen where Madge is filling a glass with water from the pump. She hands one to my mother, exchanging a look with her then and brings one to me. "Posy always wanted a sister," I tell Madge as she hands me the glass. She nods, her eyes distant as she looks toward the window. She points toward the tree in the side-yard where some yellow and red tulips are planted along the trunk, "I helped her plant those a few years ago, when I was still pregnant for Margo. There is one for each member of our family planted there. It was her idea." "We'll have to plant one for the new baby then," I say softly. "I'd like that," she agrees. "Well, I better get home, the kids will be waiting and I'm sure Mari wants to get back home." I nod, but a thought occurs to me. "Where do we live?" I ask as Madge heads toward the door. She grins, excited to tell me something new that isn't about our children or her parents. "Next door of course, that's our tulip tree." A/N: Hello long lost friends. Thanks for reading the first chapter of Retrograde. I started this story as a means of practicing writing to get back into the swing of things after a very long hiatus. I will be updating several other stories and posting the next few chapters of this one within the next few weeks. As I stated on my tumblr page, my new policy is to post only chapters for stories that are completed or nearly completed so that people no longer have to wait for them. Thanks for all the encouragement and friendship I have received during this time. I would love it if you could take the time to review and let me know what you think. Any stylistic problems, errors, or oddities you notice let me know. I am working hard to improve myself as a writer. See you soon!