gorgeous. But also very strong looking, her name is Starlet, now it is clear why Starla was raving over her. Others I noticed were the boy and girl from nine, the boy seemed crazed and the girl was frightened by him, Felicia Carraway from district 11 seemed polite, tall slender she look about 16, and the couple from 12 seemed polite as well. It's sad that all of these ones will probably die in the initial bloodbath. It frightens me to think I could be one of those ones. Probably are one of those ones. Finally I look over at my sister and ask, "How are you feeling." She begins yelling, "What the fuck do you mean Poe? Where do you think we are? I am fucking angry and fucking scared Poe, we aren't on a train to fucking candy land we are waiting our death sentence! You are an idiot, and you people…", now directing her anger at our mentors, "…you people are sick, fucking sick!" She storms down the corridor of the train and slams her bedroom door shut, we hear her screaming for several minutes and then glass breaking and then silence. I turn, now with tears covering my face again, and look at the mentors who are all looking at one another. Starla is greatly offended and blinking rapidly as f what just happened was an illusion. I tilt my head down and speak, "I am really very sorry about this, she is just under a lot of pressure." The female mentor speaks up. "No, it's fine. You should head back to your room now. You will need the rest." I oblige, turn and walk steadily to my door stopping in front of Dal's to listen for noises, but I hear none. When I enter my room I find they have set aside cloths for me to sleep in, I slip out of my day cloths and into these ones. They are the softest fabric I have ever felt, it feels as if I am nude, but I am being kept warm by them, a very strange sensation. I roll into bed and when I awake I see there is another outfit put aside for me. I wonder when they could have done that, did they sneak in and hang that on the dresser or was it there last night and I just hadn't noticed it in my manic state. Whatever the case I decide it would be rude not to wear the designated clothing so I put it on and go out for breakfast. In the dining room there is a massive banquet set out for us, everything I could imagine is there on plates and in bowls waiting for someone to eat it, cakes, toasts from all sorts of breads, cereals and soups, but one thing catches my eyes, they have lemons set around a large plate that holds a salad of spinach, greens, vegetables, berries, fruit and in the center are shavings from ginger root. I take this as a sign and grab a lemon and some of the salad. While walking past there is also a pitcher of squeezed lemon, but it tastes sweeter than actual lemons do so I decide it isn't what I think it is and grab water instead. All of the mentors and Starla sit at the table. I sit with them and begin to wonder why I haven't exchanged names with any of them yet. I suppose they all know my name however I don't recall any of theirs except Starla. "I apologize for this, however I cannot seem to remember your names." Starla giggles and sighs, "Oh darling, my name is Starla Glorianna Lents of course, I know that you people of district seven have such strange names and it must be hard to remember such immaculate names for you, you needn't be modest when trying to remember it, shall I help you pronounce it darling." "I don't think that is necessary Starla, besides I am pretty sure he is talking about the other mentors and I, we hear your name from your mouth every ten seconds. I am Julie, Poe." She smiles at me and winks. Starla is still trying to cope with Julie's obvious insult when the male mentor introduces himself. Laughing he says, "I'm Charles, and I don't care if you remember my name, but don't forget Starla Glorianna Lents' name, here let me help you pronounce that." His voice is deep and his laughter vibrates the table, he is a big guy and it is no wonder he won his games. Frustrated Starla speaks up, "Well where is your sister? What is her name?" She pretends to think for a minute but we can all tell she is faking, "Dadorus? Where is Dadorus?" We all look at each other and can't help laughing in spite of Starla's attempt to upset us. Perhaps this is the only time I will be able to enjoy myself before entering the arena so I decide to soak it in. Dalloris enters the room and Charles gives out a low bellow and says, "Oh hey Dadorus, How'd you sleep?" Dalloris notices my smirk and locks her teeth, "Do you think these people are your friends Poe?" She spits at me and returns to her bedroom. We don't see her again until we reach the training center. Getting out of the train I look around at the city, it is humongous, so large I cannot fully take it in during the short walk from the train doors to the training center doors. When we walk inside we head straight to the elevator, the doors slide open and soft harp flows out of the small metal room, the elevator is more beautiful than my whole house. My house which is roughly as big as this elevator. I realize how strange this world I am entering is. Realizing this could be the last days on earth I begin to panic.