— or maybe it collided with me — and get knocked backwards to the ground. "Aah! Oh man, I'm so sorry! Are you alright?" To his credit, the guy does sound genuinely distressed. Also, judging from the young Two-ish accent, I think I just found my roommate. "Here, let me help you up." Normally, I'm one to help myself up, but I'm too busy massaging my nose to object being lifted to my feet. "Thanks." After making sure everything's accounted for, I finally take a look at the source of the collision. "But don't worry, I'm a—aww... you have got to be shitting me…" Okay, relax… just because the guy in front of you has a Two accent and looks to be within the age range, and there's nobody else around that fits the profile, it doesn't mean he's your roommate. There's an easy way to confirm this. So I push my initial dismay under and casually ask, "Diocletian?" The kid looks a bit uneasy — actually his uneasiness seems to be a continuation of me swearing to his face — but states, "Yeah. Though if you don't mind, I prefer Dio." Dammit! "You're Edwen, right?" Instead of answering right away, I take a good long gander at the source of my dismay. My hope for a roommate who's within six inches of height hasn't just failed to be fulfilled; it's been smashed to pieces and burnt to cinders. He's not just taller than me but actually has at least a foot on my height; hell, he possibly has an inch or two on Luce, and it's clear that he's even more athletic in build which is no small feat. The next observation actually doesn't bug me at all like the first one, but it's very likely that my prediction of him not being from a Peacekeeper-slash-Career background will be proven false as well. Seriously, this guy looks like a poster child for Career recruitment. Even disregarding the physical build, everything about him screams Two-based military discipline: sandy hair cut within regulation, light but fitted tunic belted over trousers, said trousers without a trace of wrinkling and tucked carefully into legging-secured boots, said boots shined to an even matte finish… The only thing that potentially mars the clean-cut image is the dimpled scar near his left temple; however, even that just helps to show off a martial appearance. In the end though, the Career image falls short a bit. Because, for all of the grooming, there is this quality to the kid that hints that he'd be a piss-poor Career. It could be his constant fidgeting as I scrutinize him. It could be the friendly and concerned tone in his voice which I've not heard in any Career interview. It could be the look in his eyes that lacks any sort of arrogance or aggression, which is more than I can say for the other kids in this program. Whatever it is, for some irrational reason, I'm finding this not-Career to be quite agreeable. So I exhale a huff of air before, against better judgment, offering my hand and replying, "You can just call me Ned." Once I say that, a lot of the nervous fidgeting dissipates as a relived smile breaks on Dio's face and he gives me an eager, if crushing, handshake. Though I notice that he also seems to be having some reservations about something judging by the way he's looking at me; that kind of look where you know that someone is having an opinion about you but is too polite to say anything even though the lack of subtlety renders it all moot. So I roll my eyes and sigh, "If we're going to be roommates, you might as well get whatever's on your mind off." Dio seems a bit startled by my statement and the fidgeting comes back in full force. "You sure?" "Yeah, I'm sure." Hopefully it's about the scars, my eyes, or even my background. As long as it's not about— My train of thought is interrupted by me being picked up and, seemingly in an effortless manner, being lifted up to be held at arm's-length so that we are at eye level to each other; those eyes — the amber color of them is bright enough to almost veer into the same kind of golden yellow that certain birds of prey contain — make me want to take a blood sample. Before I can ask Dio what the hell he's doing, the smile on his face widens with an almost childlike glee, and before I can stop the incoming horror, he pulls me into a crushing hug. And over my suffocated squawks of protest, the idiot squeals, "You're. Just. So. Portable!" Something tells me that this is going to be a long school year… A/N: Alright, this is something that would probably feel more familiar for those who have already read Seeds of Panem . However, I hope that this story will be able to stand on it's own; I will occasionally redirect to SoP. This reasoning behind this story is twofold. One is just to make a fun slice-of-life story, but another purpose is to show what Panem would look like during its post-war reconstruction period. What kind of challenges would it face? What resentments would linger? What would the government look like and how are diplomatic relations? Stuff like that. Also there may be some intersections with canon characters here and there. Also: for those who have read Vox Libertas , this story is canon-compliant. However, there is stuff here that's important to the Spielpolitik AU, including the sequel. In fact, if you are reading Vox Libertas at the moment, I suggest putting this story on hold until you finish. Oh, and it probably goes without saying that the opinions espoused by Ned aren't necessarily that of the author. Seriously, he is not somebody I would normally consider to be a role model. In any case, hope you enjoy.