as long as I dared. "Sleep for awhile, Kat. We walked fast for so long, they won't be able to even get here that quickly, if they're even coming." I concur, too tired to protest. We swap positions, so that I'm laying on his lap and he's sitting against the wall. His fingers find their way into my hair, gently undoing the braid and untangling the strands. I fall asleep quickly. It must be forty-five minutes when Peeta shakes me awake. "Katniss, wake up!" I sit up straight, arming myself with my bow. "What?" I whisper. "There was something howling just outside." He says quietly. We hear a low whine, and Peeta's hand grips my leg tightly. I realize he's never seen a live wild animal. He's afraid of them. "I'll shoot it for our dinner." I tell him, careful to leave my voice somewhere between confident of our safety and understanding his fear. "Be careful, I know you hunt, but it still... Terrifies me." He admits sheepishly. "They used to scare me too, but I got used to it, having a hunter with me to protect me if they were a problem." I assure him. He nods, releasing me and watching me timidly as I go outside. "Stay here." I tell him, although I don't really think he'll follow me. I track the wild dog, shoot it through the eye and drag it back to clean it. Wild dog isn't the best meat, but it's hearty and will keep us going. "We'll have to cook this when it gets dark, we can't risk a fire now." I tell him, snapping my fingers as I recall, "I forgot to get a flint from the Hob." He grins. "I work in a bakery with ovens. I can start a fire without a flint." I smile back, knowing he likes being useful. "Excellent. Do you have anything to eat with you?" He rummages through his bag, pulling out a round, hearty looking loaf of raisin nut bread. I smile softly. "That's the bread you gave me when my dad was injured." He looks back at me. "You remember that? We were 8." "Yeah, I do. That's when I first really noticed you, you saved my whole family by yourself. That's when I went back into the meadow to catch small animals and gather herbs and edible plants. Like my dad taught me. I hadn't learned to hunt yet." He looked shyly at me. "I think that's a little bit of an exaggeration. All four of you would not have died without me." I nod vigorously. "It's true. The bread fed us for two days and you gave me courage to get food myself." Color rose in his cheeks. "Your mother is wrong, Peeta. I hope you know that." He started shaking his head, but I gripped his shoulders, heedless of my dog-bloodied hands. "She was wrong. You're a very important and useful person. I love you." I don't know what else to say really. He looks like he wants to cry. "I'm going to spend every minute for the rest of my life showing you how wonderful I think you are." If he wanted to cry before, he simply can't help himself now, and a steady stream of tears wash down his face as I hold him close. Neither of us moves for awhile, until his sniffles cease and I think he's pulled himself together a little. "I swear, I've cried more in the last couple of days than I have in the last couple of years." He laughs quietly. "It's okay, don't feel bad about crying. It helps sometimes." I tell him, squeezing his hands once more before finishing my work with our dinner. "And sorry... About the blood..." I giggle at his now red hands and the red stains on his shirt. He shrugs and laughs as well, watching as I pack away the good meat in my oilcloth and bury the rest to hide evidence of people staying here. We both eat some bread and drink a little water, stopping by the lake on our way away from D-12. We wash up a little, drinking as much as we could and refilling our flasks, not knowing when we'd find water again. "Where are we going?" He finally asked me. "Away." Is all I can tell him. He nods, accepting my answer. We won't know until we get there. We missed the reaping by about a month, and the rain season will be several weeks after that. After that is snow season, which will definitely be hard. We will need some kind of shelter and steady food and water source. But that's about two months away, and if we keep our current pace, we could get out of Panem before that. I think back to the maps they show us in school. They never said what was beyond the Panem border. Was it more land? Or water, like in D-4? Or was it the end of the planet? "We'll keep going for awhile until we're several days away, then we can start looking for a place to settle down for the rain and snow. We'll need some kind of house, plus fresh water and food." I explain. He nods. "And we need to get out of the open, so a hovercraft doesn't find us." I say casually, not wanting to scare him, but also make sure he knows what might happen. "Hovercraft? Do they do that?" I nod. "Like in the arena, when they take the body? Except not as gentle." A shiver rolls down both of our spines as we think of being snatched off the ground by a giant claw. "We should get moving." I finally tell him. "It would be good to sleep tonight so we can get back on a good schedule. Soon we'll be far enough away that a fire won't be a problem." We continue our trek away from where we once called home.