Peeta, I have since the games. It was always sincere and I was always truly and deeply in love with you. "I don't want you to forget me Peeta. But when I'm dead I want you to hold me in the highest regard. I want to be a fond memory of your teenage years. "I don't care about what the Capitol thinks of me Peeta. I only care about what you think of me. I only care how you see me. "I love you Peeta. I will forever. Even once my final breath is long gone from my body. I will still love you. And I will gladly meet you at the gates to the after life some day, hopefully far from now. "Forever yours, "Katniss" He didn't know just how many tears he was capable of crying until he had finished the letter. He stood quickly from his seat and ran off the stage. "Haymitch where is she?" He asked his drunken friend who was standing sadly against the wall right outside the camera room, his hands in his pockets. "Her rooms been locked since you-" "She's not in her room." He said, already running to his own bedroom. And sure enough she was there, laying on his bed. "Katniss," he whispered. He sat down beside her, pulling her limp body onto his lap. "Katniss." He smoothed her hair out of her face as his voice cracked. "Peeta?" She muttered quietly. She didn't have enough air. She could feel every muscle stop working as she moved closer and closer into the arms of death. When you are dying you develop a sixth sense of sorts. You know when your last good day has come. You know when the end is near. And you know the day you're going to die. "Katniss! I-I... Don't leave me alone. Please" He cried into her neck and kissed her quickly. "Please don't leave." He held her pale face in his hands. She was growing cold with her final breaths. "I need you to stay here." He said adjusting her body on his lap. "Peeta." She whispered again sliding what she was holding into his hand. "Please, don't forget." "I won't forget Katniss. You'll be here for it. You'll be here to always help me remember." He assured her kissing her sweet lips as many times as he could. "I l-" She whispered before coughing heavily. Her lungs desperate for air, her heart trying to keep her blood going. "Katniss." She didn't say anything, but when she pulled back her hand there was blood on it. "Katniss" He shook her spiritless body. "Wake up, please! Don't leave me alone. Katniss, wake up. Please..." That's the thing that people don't immediately understand, dead people don't obey orders. He heard the sound of Capitol reporters at the door, "Leave! Get out! Go away!" He shouted as they left him to cry over the death of his one true love. "Katniss," he let his tears drip onto her soft skin. He kissed her lips, they were warm and left a pink tint of lipstick on his. "I love you, you can't just leave me alone." He felt the sudden heavy weight of the book and note she had given him. 'Romeo and Juliet' was the title of the book. He slipped out the note Katniss had written in her final hours. My dear Peeta, if you're reading this I am dead. I have run out of miracles, and time. So I leave you the only things I had. I didn't have anything materialistic only what I am leaving you. I give you my love, my full unadulterated adoration. Because love does not end with death, my sweet Peeta. Death cannot sever what we have, please know that. I give you my memory because I know you will keep it well in your heart. I know you will cherish my memories more than anyone else could ever begin to. I give you my story, because only you can tell it exactly right. Because you were one of the biggest, and most amazing parts of my story. Most of all, I give you time. I give you the sunrise and sunset. I hope when the stars come out at night you will remember how crossed ours truly were. I hope when you see the colors of the sunrise and sunset you'll remember the kisses we shared and how much light you gave my life. I hope when the sun reaches its peak in the sky you'll remember how high our hopes were. I hope as time passes and your wounds heal you'll remember how you gave me time to live. Time to make sure my family would be okay. You gave me time to love. I have but one request my love, though you have given me so much already I need you to do this for me. Look at the book I have given you. You know the story well. They are the original star-crossed lovers. But please do not follow their example. Please Peeta, my dandelion, my boy with the bread, don't be my Romeo. The world needs your light and hope to guide it to a good place again. Flames die out and yet in the spring the dandelions always grow back. Forever yours, Katniss P.S. I love you This was heavily inspired by John Green's The Fault in Our Stars. Which is a phenomenal book. You know I've read a lot of modern-day fan fictions where one of the characters has cancer. I began to think that it didn't necessarily have to be in the present day to have a character with cancer. Big huge shout out to my fantastic amazing BETA miss . Wisteria Stargazer who dealt with me being an idiot and weird and helped me in more ways than just one. Thanks so much! Leave me a comment? Should I write an epilogue? Is this fine? Is it bad? Tell me please?