other to at least be able to breathe and Peeta gasped even as the tribute from two smirked, "Remember you're the one that confessed. You're the one that promised the Capitol a show. So if the sponsors want a brute and his sweet little mate then that's exactly what we're going to give them, isn't that right?" "Y-Yes." Peeta rasped out still having difficulty breathing when Cato suddenly leaned in and pressed a bruising kiss on his lips causing the shorter tribute's eyes to go wider than before as he just stopped breathing all together in his shock, before Cato pulled back completely a moment later, stepping over to the console on the side of the elevator doors to release the emergency breaks and hit the button to the second floor and another for the twelfth while Peeta just stayed planted against the wall. The doors slipped open in no time and Cato glanced back at the teen before giving a snort as he left the cubicle. "I'll see you later, lover boy." The doors slipped shut and Peeta stayed right where he was until the doors slipped open mere moments later and he forced himself to stumble out leaning against the wall beside the carriage to slide down to the floor as he finally convinced his lungs to start breathing again and he started panting. Taking a moment to wonder what on earth he'd gotten himself into as he lifted a hand to touch his lips. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx The next morning Cato was in a foul mood. He hadn't been able to sleep much before one of the Avox's came into his room to wake him up for breakfast and training. He couldn't stop thinking about what happened the day before, because so much happened the day before and all because of some nobody from shitty district twelve. Surprisingly enough the one thing that bothered Cato the most about the day before was the kiss. He didn't know why he did it, it was just an impulse. Peeta was already rattled but Cato wanted to do something that would push the other tribute just that much closer to the edge, something that would make Peeta understand loud and clear that he wasn't the one in control anymore, he wasn't in charge. Cato was. So he kissed him and now the stupid kiss won't leave him the hell alone. After taking a shower and getting dressed, the tribute sat down at the table in the dining room just as an Avox walked into the room to start laying out his breakfast. Clove was already in her spot eating a fruit salad and stabbing at the pieces like they'd done her personal wrong. Cato arched a brow at the girl, "What's with you?" Clove sneered at him hatefully, a look that made Cato pause for a moment in confusion as she spoke, "I see you didn't waste any time sneaking around with your little boyfriend. You already have Caesar and Geraldine buzzing about you and it isn't even nine o'clock yet." "What?" Clove turned on the live stream in the dining room with the remote sitting near the pitcher of juice near the center of the table before slamming it back down onto its surface, Cato looked up to see Caesar and Geraldine sitting in their seats in front of a screen that seemed to be playing some kind of clip in the background. " Now in this exclusive surveillance footage we can see Cato grab Peeta and enter the elevator, from the time stamp we see that they spent quite some time in there and the reports we got from the building's maintenance crew is that the emergency break in the elevator was tripped." Caesar explained excitedly while Geraldine said slyly, "Oh I can only imagine what they were up to." The audience laughed while Caesar nodded before he continued and the footage played on, "Then some time later Cato emerges from the elevator pausing to say something to its occupant before stepping out-" " Looking very pleased with himself." " Before the elevator keeps moving and we can see from the footage here that it stops at the penthouse floor where district twelve is staying for the games. Peeta comes stumbling out and sags against the wall down to the floor… Geraldine, what do you make of this?" " Me?" the woman asked with a slight shrug, "I'd say I'm surprised Cato hasn't locked Peeta in his room yet and tied him to his bed. Did you see that possessive lust, the clear passion that they have for one another? Cato clearly couldn't keep his hands to himself and Peeta well, Cato seemed to leave him absolutely breathless and weak at the knees. Really, I have a feeling that there will be fireworks on the day of the games. If they're already so passionate around each other now, what do you think will happen once they start the game and are forced to fight for survival in the secluded dark night under the stars? I think it will be explosive." "Explosive? What the hell does that mean?" "It means they expect you two to go at it like rabbits once the sun goes down in the arena." Clove hissed out before just dumping her fork into her bowl and standing up from her chair. "I've lost my appetite." Cato just watched her go as the Avox returned with the rest of his breakfast and he let out a heavy sigh. What's he gotten himself into? A/N: You guys know that movie the Starving games right? You know the movie that parodies the hunger games? For those that don't know in the Starving games during the interview with Stanley (Caesar), Peter (Peeta) confesses his love for Marco (Cato) instead of Kantmiss (Katniss) that's where I got the inspiration for this. I tried to channel every Peetato fangirl and fujoshi in existence while writing Geraldine, wonder how I did. Anyway Please review