is very difficult at the moment. Katniss has always been there for you, helping you survive, now you have to help her. It may not be the best thing in the world, but I can assure you, it will get better." Hazelle promised. "Hazelle?" Prim asked finding comfort in Hazelle's bony shoulder. "Yes?" Hazelle asked kindly. "You said you have only ever seen a couple as perfect for each other. Who are the other two?" Prim asked. Hazelle smiled brightly, and laughed slightly. "Now, don't go telling them, alright? They need to figure it out themselves." Hazelle told Prim in mock sternness. "Promise." Prim smiled. "It's Gale and Katniss. Ever since I met her, I knew they would someday fall in love." Hazelle confessed with a youthful smile. "No way." Rory scoffed from his position from the doorway. "Oh? And why not?" Hazelle asked unfazed by Rory's eavesdropping. "Well, because, because don't you think one of them would have said something by now?" Rory asked. "Not necessarily." Hazelle answered. "Katniss doesn't want to fall in love or get married or have kids. She's been saying that for ages now." Prim backed up Rory. "People don't just decide to fall in love, dearies. It happens." Hazelle laughed. "How did you and Dad fall in love? Did you know when you first met him?" Rory asked taking a seat on his mother's vacant side. "Oh, goodness no! I hated his guts for years." Hazelle replied putting an arm around her boy. "Your father was the biggest prankster in the school for pretty much all his school days. I first met him when he put –oh I can't remember what it was- in the hand soap of the girl's bathroom. I had bright yellow hands for a week! I figured out who it was pretty quick, and being the tough third grader I was, I was going to give him a taste of his own medicine instead of turning him in." "How did that go?" Rory asked with a snicker. "Terrible, actually. I hated him up until we were sixteen. Then all of the sudden, he was tall and handsome, with muscles and the most gorgeous eyes imaginable. Gale is the spitting image of Tolan when Tolan was his age. Anyways, he lived next door, and I always managed to be free of chores every time he had to split wood." Hazelle gave her listeners a suggestive look before continuing, "He was hot." Prim and Rory shared similar giggles at Hazelle's last statement. "So it was getting close to the Harvest Dance, and plenty of girls were being asked. So, guess what happened?" "He asked you!" Rory suggested. "Was it sweet and romantic?" Prim asked. "Nope." Hazelle answered popping the 'p'. "He never asked me. But at the dance, he did ask me to dance, which I found out later was a bet from Haymitch. We danced the night away, and after it was over, he walked me home, and something just clicked for us." Hazelle's eyes distanced for a moment as she reminisced. "When we graduated, he proposed and we were married six months later. I was twenty when Gale was conceived, and that's what happened." "You hated Dad?" Rory asked half unbelieving and half in a taunting manner. "He wasn't exactly the nicest boy around." Hazelle defended. A series of sharp knocks pulled the three out of their thoughts. "That's the back door, I'll get it." Rory offered standing up. "No, that's ok, I'll get it." Hazelle smiled at her son, but firmly pressed him into his seat. Something was wrong, and she was not about to let Rory have to hear of it first. Despite their attempts to listen into the conversation, Prim and Rory could only hear a quick series of whispers. The door then closed, and Hazelle gave Prim a 'be brave' smile. ~Two Hours Earlier~ Everything around Katniss brought back memories of the Capital, mostly the Victor house and the woods. The woods that were her home. She could no longer hunt without being haunted by the area. She tried desperately to force herself to hunt again without running away. Sundays were Gale's only day off, and even though she desperately wanted to spend it with him, she couldn't bear the thought of not being able to hunt with him. Letting him know she was broken. Broken was such a harsh word. Yet it was true. She was broken. The Capital was always watching her, waiting for her to screw up so they could punish her. Haymitch had already pointed out her house wasn't safe, and her the tracker in her arm was most likely working. The tracker… She didn't know how long it was that she stared at her left forearm, where the track was injected into her arm. It was a small chip, and she could almost see it leering at her. And suddenly, she pulled her hunting knife from her belt, and cleanly slit her forearm making deep crimson steams of blood exit her body rapidly. "Don't bleed, I need to see it!" Katniss shouted at herself angrily. The dim moonlight was barely enough for her to see her movements, but she knew where it lay, so pushed her pointer figure into her wrist until she located the miniature chip, and successfully retrieved it. By this point, she was dizzy, and had lost a large amount of blood. Not bothering to apply any kind of pressure to her wound, Katniss laid on the rock she shared with Gale all those blissful times in the woods. She began to drift in and out of reality, and she realized that she was going to die. Before the games, she would have fought to keep herself alive for Prim. But now, now she was just a way to kill Prim and Gale. She didn't need to be here. Not anymore. With the moonlight staring down on her Capital crafted skin, Katniss Everdeenee accepted death with open arms.