the counter. She almost welcomes his salty scent. "What's your favourite drink?" His eyes drop down to her name tag. " Jennifer ?" Katniss jerks back. Finnick laughs. "Okay, okay, I'm sorry. I just want to see if your cheeks still look like tomatoes when you blush." She about to give him a nice retort when her manager comes in, asking if she's being harassed. Another good thing about working at this place is that her manager cares about his employees. "I'm fine," she says, tucking a loose strand behind her ear. "He's a friend." Her manager eyes Finnick over one more time before turning away. Finnick exhales. "Quite a boss, you got here." "Oh shut it." She pulls out a Sharpie. "Fine, I'll get you what I like. If it'll get you to stop pestering me. Your name?" He grins. "Sam." Sam . "That'll be 4.50." He hands her the money. "So, when does your shift end?" She cocks an eyebrow. "Why?" Finnick shrugs. "Well, just wondering." "Six," she says, moving to make his drink. "You're free, right?" Katniss scoffs. "Are you asking me out on a date?" "And if I am?" She pauses. It's been a while since she went on a normal date. She never bothered to go on one after her retirement. She always thinks she's too jaded for a regular life with someone...normal. But Finnick isn't someone normal. He's...he's... "I don't go home with people on first dates. Or take anyone home." He grins, all Cheshire-like. "Well, I can be pretty persuasive." Katniss doesn't remember how many times she has rolled her eyes at him today. She hands him his drink. "Funny." He sips before raising an eyebrow. "Is this hot chocolate?" She smiles. "I'll see you at six." He shows up five minutes early. They go and watch a stupid comedy that leaves Katniss' stomach in pain and then to a diner that serves the best coffee around after. She never thought of doing something normal with someone she knows from then on her own accord. But here she is, chatting with him in the diner until it's one in the morning. It's all so nice. She's never seen Finnick lower his guard down before this. He's so much sincere and open. He jumps into random stories and laughs a little too loudly. It's just so nice and jarring at the same time. She supposes she has to get used to it. After all, this is the civilian life. "So, you change your mind?" he asks her as they stop in front of her apartment. Katniss ponders. She knows she shouldn't invite him in. And it isn't because of the sex. He doesn't need to know she still screams in her sleep. He really doesn't. He isn't obliged to help her through it. But then she thinks back to all those times he'd hold her until she's calmer. She wants that again. Katniss knows she's being selfish and stupidly needy. She wants to be selfish and stupidly needy, just for one night. "You can stay," she says, turning to unlock the door. "But just to sleep." "Just to sleep?" "Just to sleep." He's quiet for a moment. He probably knows. "Okay." Katniss ! She screams herself awake. She screams and screams and screams and he holds her until she stops clawing at his skin and her throat is sore. "Sorry," she croaks. "I didn't mean to wake you up." He lightly touches the back of her neck with his lips. "It's fine," he whispers against her skin, his breath making her tremble. "You're fine." She exhales deeply. They stay like that until she falls back asleep. He makes pancakes. She does the coffee and hot chocolate. She's shoving a mouthful of pancakes in her mouth when Finnick speaks up in a surprisingly bitter tone. "So, do I get to see you again or do I have to wait for another seven months?" She stills. Something must have shown on her face because Finnick quickly sets his cutlery down. "I'm not trying to start a fight or anything," he says. "I'm sorry I said that. I didn't mean to..." Katniss sets her own fork down. "I didn't mean to―" "No, I get it," he says, leaning away. He combs his hair with his hand. "You weren't ready. You couldn't handle it. Haymitch wouldn't tell you where you were. I don't blame him." He pauses. "Well, I did at first but I get it now. I really do." He sighs. "I just wish I could've been there to help you through it." Her heart feels like it is caught in her throat. "Finnick―" "I don't know what we are," he interrupts softly. His body language has changed to a softer one. "At all. But I don't want to say goodbye. I don't think I can do that again." For a moment, Katniss stares at him, speechless. His expression changes to a one of uncertainty and shyness. She'd never thought she'd see the day. "I'm crossing a line, aren't I?" Katniss shakes her head before she moves to his side and pecks the corner of his lips. He tastes of pancakes, coffee and a hint of tobacco. She's never seen him looked so surprised. If she isn't so caught up in the moment, she would have taken a picture of it. "I don't know what we are either," she says softly as well. "But I'd like to find out, if you want to." He smiles, not one of his stupid grins or seductive curls, but an authentic smile. "I do." She's goddamn aware he isn't Gale. And she's obviously not Annie. He'll never be Gale. She'll never be Annie. He's Finnick and she's Katniss, jaded and broken and beyond repair. But having her head nestled on his chest while listening to their syncing heartbeats makes her want to believe that they can . Because he's Finnick and she's Katniss and she has never felt so alive .