"She's been here every single day for the past month, Peeta." "So?" Peeta questions. "So?" Haymitch laughs. "What's with you two?" "What are you talking about?" Peeta asks, his feet suddenly shifting from one foot to another. "You've been parading around with this girl for months and you two haven't done anything?" Haymitch arches his eyebrow. "Done?" Peeta asks. "So you haven't!" Haymitch guffaws. "You're a nut." Peeta shakes his head. "Tell me you don't have feelings for her and I'll leave you alone," Haymitch says, amusement in his voice. But Peeta can't. It'd be a lie to say that his heart doesn't flutter when he sees the braid peaking out of the lake or when his eyes land on small feet bundled in black combat boots that maneuver gracefully throughout the woods. He can't help but get overwhelmed with excitement the moment he knows school is let out because he knows in moments they'll be joined once again. Katniss Everdeen gives him hope, comfort, love. Love? He shakes his head at his own thoughts. She can't give him love, he doesn't deserve love. "I-I-I can't," Peeta says, his eyes staring at the ground. "Is this why you asked me about love?" "N-N-No." Peeta stutters over the simple two lettered word. "If you ask me I think sweetheart cares about you. Who else would spend so much time with a Victor and get nothing in return?" "In return?" "Yeah. I've seen the way she's carries herself the months you've two been together. She's a pure girl, that one. She doesn't seem to have any bad notions through her petite body." Peeta smiles at Haymitch words. Katniss cares about him. 0000 Peeta starts to spend less time with Katniss as the Victory Tour starts to approach. His body turning back into the shell that it was the month he had come back home. When no one approached him or spoke words other than 'congrats' to him. His mind wandering more and more over the faces that were dead because of him. "You don't come anymore," A small voice says. "I-I'm sorry," Peeta sighs, his gaze turning towards the brunette in the middle of his living room. "Why?" She asks, her body sinking down on the couch he occupies. "I-I have to go back, Katniss." Peeta says, his head hitting her shoulder. "I have to go to the Capitol and not only the Capitol but I have to go to every district. I have to say my thanks and hear congratulations all over again. For what? Because I'm the winner of The Hunger Games. Because the odds were in my favor! I just wish I could go away." Peeta voice chokes out. "I hate this." He buries his head into his hands as tears begin to escape his blue eyes. "I hate this." He says again. "Peeta," Katniss whispers, kneeling in front of him. "Peeta look at me." But he doesn't, he just shakes his head in his hands. "No one even cares I'm alive. No one wants me. No one needs me." His words throwing him into a trembling fit. "What does it matter? I don't deserve any of it." Katniss heart breaks at his words. She jumps back onto the couch and huddles him into her embrace. "Don't say that, Peeta Mellark. Don't you dare say that." "It's true," He sobs. "No one does." "Am I no one then?" Katniss near shouts. "Don't you care that I want you? Don't you care that I need you? Don't you care that I care that you're alive?" "Y-Y-You do?" Peeta stutters. Katniss nods. Never being good at words all she does is nod and holds the broken boy closer and closer to her, until there is no visible space between either of them. "W-Why?" He chokes out. "I don't deserve it." "Don't say those things, Peeta. They're ridiculous." She scolds. "You deserve everything you get in life." "Why?" He asks again, his body pulling away from her embrace to face her. "Why what?" Katniss asks, taken slightly aback from his piercing blue eyes. "W-Why me? Why do you care about me?" Then Katniss does what Peeta has never expected from her. She kisses him. Her lips come to his in such urgency that it relishes his whole body in excitement. His hand cupping her face and her hands thrown languidly around his neck. It's both of their first kisses and none of the awkwardness they have heard from both their friends ever comes. His body ready to burst at the warmth that huddles in his heart. Peeta lays Katniss onto her back as he hovers over her, never breaking contact, continuing to devour each other's lips. Holding on to each other like lifelines, scared that if one of them let's go they'll disappear into thin air. "I love you, Peeta Mellark." She pants out as his lips move away from hers. "You might think that no one cares or that no one needs you or that you don't deserve it. B-But I do." Peeta moves down towards her and wraps his muscled arms around her tiny waist. His lips finding her temple and planting a small kiss onto it. His eyes closing slightly as she whispers the words again. Letting his whole body hum in satisfaction. If not being able to live without Katniss isn't love, then he doesn't know what love is. If it isn't the warm feeling rushing through his heart and limbs, then he doesn't know what love is. If it isn't looking into the eyes of a grey eyed girl and feeling like the world is going to be okay, then he doesn't know what love is. After bringing her face to his and placing another chaste kiss to her lips he whispers it to her because those words are only for her. "I love you too, Katniss Everdeen." And they're true. Because Peeta Mellark deserves to be loved, Peeta Mellark deserves to be able to love back.