that you told Daddy that you would, but I need you to promise me. Because then I can count in you to return. Can I count on you?" Satin sighed. She didn't want to lie to Silk, but she didn't want to say the truth because the truth was what would finally make it all true. It would break the shell of shock that was around her, and reality would come bursting through to her. The reality that she would die. But she thought that that was probably going to be the last time that she said to Silk, so she went with her lie. "Yes. You can count on me to return." Silk smiled, relieved. "I knew I could!" Silk hugged Satin tightly. "I love you, too. I guess all of the things I planned on saying have been said, right?" said Satin's mother. Satin nodded and hugged her one more time. They pulled away, and Satin noticed that her mother was silently crying. "I love all of you. I need you to go on the same without me, and stay strong. For me, okay?" Satin asked her family. They all nodded somberly. "I'm sorry, but your visiting time here is up," said the first Peacekeeper. The family got up and shuffled out of the room, the Peacekeeper slamming the heavy door shut behind him fully this time. A minute later, he returned with Genevieve and Shine. The three girls hugged and cried for the whole three minutes they were allowed. All of the words that needed to be said were said through their actions. The Peacekeeper shoved the sniffling girls out of the door and slammed the door again. Satin sat down and put her head in her hands. She had pretended to cry when she was with her friends, but now she really was crying. She cried and cried, her feeling of calmness totally gone now. Satin then heard the heavy door open and looked up to see who was coming in. With her blurry eyes wiped off, she saw that it was Ryan standing in the doorway. She suddenly felt hopeful and happy. He walked over to her, and gathered her in an embrace that was so heartfelt, so filled with love, that Satin began crying all over again. He just held the nape of her neck gently, and stood hugging her, swaying back and forth. She pulled back a little bit, and looked at him through blurry vision. Ryan put both of his hands on the nape of her clammy neck, trying to calm her down. "Baby, shhh… You're going to be okay. You're going to live through this. You're going to make it through this. I believe in you. I love you," he said as he pulled her face closer to his, so that their foreheads were touching. "I love you too," she replied simply, and leaned her head forward to meet lips with him. Their lips met, and the kiss was soft and sweet. It was of goodbyes and I love you's, of things that would never be said and things that had already been said. It was purely a kiss of love. No lust, or yearning. Only love. And in that moment, if only for a moment, Satin felt that she would be just fine. ~~Genist's Point of View~~ The Peacekeepers led Genist into a room at the end of a long hallway. They shoved him into the room, and left without a word. Not that he wanted to hear anything. He waited on the plush velvet couch for somebody to come visit him. He knew that his father would come in, but didn't know why he hadn't come in already. Then, the door opened and Genist was met by his father. He came in, sat down across from Genist, and waited. He waited a minute before speaking. "Good job, son. You remember all of what I taught you, right? The three s's: show no mercy, staying will mean paying, and scare them all off. You'll want to have people scared of you. Then you'll run the Career pack. And you must be that part, understand? Boy, you've been training for this for your entire life! Just follow the three s's, and you'll be fine," his father said. Genist nodded his head because he knew he would win. He had trained his entire life, and his district partner was a weakling. "I'm out. Win. I will see you soon," his father said as he left the room. Genist waited for other visitors, and found that he had none. Which was absolutely fine with him. He didn't do well with people anyway. A/N: So, if you guys didn't already know, FanFiction has been taking off all SYOT's and SYOC's because it violates a rule about interactive stories. Well, they took mine off! So here is my new reposted version that begins with District One. Also, if you disagree with FanFicton's murdering of amazing stories, go to demigodgirl1000 's profile and PM her to sign the petition! If you have any questions regarding anything having to do with this whole SYOT dealio, please PM me. I can also let you know how many points you have if you want to know right then and there, otherwise, the points are posted on my profile. Shout-outs: Thank you Katy-kat15 for sending in Satin. Review and let me know how well I portrayed her! Thank you to The Peacekeeper sending in Genist. Review and let me know what you think of him! Also, I didn't write about him as much as I did for Satin because I wanted him to be a little mysterious, so please don't kill me! Thank you to everyone who sent in a tribute as well! You guys rock! All of those tribute slots filled up in literally two days! Two days! Thank you to everyone who has reviewed this story (when it was still up) and my other stories! Thank you again!