can. I throw up for a while in the sink. I use the back of my hand to wipe my mouth, I wash my hands, and I change out of my dirty clothes. I pick up my hunting bag and put on my jacket and boots. I also pick up my quiver. I run down the stairs and see Melba and Greasy Sae. No Peeta. Of course, he wouldn't come. He hates me and I can't say I'm surprised, "Are you going hunting?" Greasy Sae asks looking at my outfit. "Yes, you two can stay. I'll eat the leftovers." I answer going for the door and opening it. "Bye, Katniss!" Melba calls as I close the door. I walk down the village and make it to town where I make to the Seam. For a moment I stare at the place where I use to live with my family. I shake my head and walk to the fence; I crawl over it and make my way down to the forest. After a while of walking around, I take out my bow and pull an arrow out of my quiver and load it looking for something to shoot. A medium sized rabbit hops its way near a tree. It's out of my light of sight, but still I focus on it. Just move a little to the left , I think to myself. The sound of loud and obnoxious feet walking in the grass makes the rabbit scamper away. I grit my teeth in irritation and lower my bow. I don't even have to turn to know who it is. You'd think he'd overcome that annoying habit of his by now. "Peeta," I say through my still gritted teeth in distaste, "What the hell?" Peeta answers, "I always take a walk, Katniss. What are you doing here?" "Hunting," I say shortly glaring at Peeta, "The usual." Peeta puts his hands into his pocket and kicks a pebble around, "Katniss, I'm sorry for the way I acted yesterday," he says avoiding eye contact with me. I raise an eyebrow, unconvinced, "Really?" Peeta shakes his head and laughs dryly, "I mean, I knew you were unforgiving, but this," he gestures to me, "This is something different. When people say sorry, Katniss most of the time you forgive them." "Well, what do you expect, Peeta? That you can be so rude and hostile towards me and I let you get off scott free? That I can just let it go? Well, I can't because you're asking to much of me," I wipe my eyes and feel my voice crack, "You hurt me." I look at Peeta wondering what he has to say next, his eyes are trained the ground very intently. I can't see his eyes because they're covered by his blond hair. Once, I realize he has nothing better say I turn on my heel away from him and try to walk away, but his hand grips my wrist tightly, "Don't," he whispers gruffly, "Don't leave, Katniss." I try to jiggle my hand out of his grasp, "Let go of me, Peeta." Peeta does the exact opposite he pulls me to his chest where I have no choice, but to look him right in his blue eyes. I try harder to pull my hand away, but Peeta's strong; he won't let his guard down. Especially when it comes to me, "Katniss, when I say I'm sorry I mean it. I don't think I could handle it if you hated me." I stop struggling and answer, "Hated you?" I ask in surprise, "You're the one who can't stand me." Peeta looks into my eyes and I feel a lump in my throat. I think he's about to kiss me when he leans into me, but he only embraces me in a hug. I'm stunned, but I return the hug and smile into his chest. It's been a while since Peeta and I have harbored physical affection, it feels amazing to have Peeta's warmth and tenderness back that when he pulls away I don't even notice. He puts his hand on my cheek and rubs it gently, "I could never hate you, you mean too much to me." My eyes travel to his hand, "You mean it?" I ask lowly. "I mean it," he says smiling a little showing me that he still has that old classic Peeta charm. I run into his arms and hug him tightly, "You have no idea how much I've missed you." I tell him clutching to his shirt. Peeta leans down and kisses my forehead, I'm one not for that kind of affection, but his kiss makes me feel grounded. I don't know how yesterday Peeta and I were sworn enemies who couldn't stand the other, but now we're in the woods embracing each other just like the way we used to. Back then when Peeta and I embraced I didn't realize how much of an effect it had on me, now I realize just how much of an effect Peeta's touch has on me. I know I will not pull away first. Maybe Peeta and I will not be what we used to be, but now I just want to be his friend. He doesn't have to be my lover; I don't have to be his. Just being here with him is nice. I don't want to jeopardize our imminent friendship. Peeta pulls away and sheepishly smiles, "I don't know about you, but I could eat a horse. Let's get some breakfast." My hand finds its way to his, "Yes," I say squeezing his hand, "I'd like that." I think of what little Melba told me this morning , "A hug is a sign of friendship, right?" Indeed, she's right, I think as Peeta and I walk slowly to the Victor's Village , It is. A/N: That was chapter one! Please tell me what you think of the story. Pointers and critiques would really help. Happy Easter! :)