rubbing my temples. She shrugged, "I dunno, I guess I'm immune to human conditions," Joanna smiled. "Mornin'" Peeta grumbled as he stumbled into the kitchen, rubbing his eyes. "Morning," Joanna and I said in unison, her voice just a bit more chipper than mine. "Great lungs, by the way. You put them to excellent use last night," I raised an eyebrow at Peeta, earning a ridiculously deep red blush from him. "Sorry…" he smiled weakly, earning a cackle from Joanna. "Oh, don't worry about her. You were great last night," she winked at him, Peeta grinning in approval of her statement. I laughed to myself and began the preparations for my waffles. I got out some orange juice, pouring all three of us a glass. Once the waffles were done, I made some bacon and fried eggs to go along with them. As I brought all of the things needed for our feast to the table, Peeta looked at me with confusion. "What's that for?" He pointed to the bottle of Louisiana hot sauce I had tucked under my chin, since my hands were almost too full to function. "Jo and I eat these on our eggs. It's delicious," I relayed to him as I set everything onto the dining room table. "Hmm…I'll have to try it," he decided, loading his plate up with waffles, adding some blueberries and syrup on top. Joanna joined in and piled her plate up, topping her waffles with strawberries instead, and adding syrup into the mix as well. I, on the other hand, just went with syrup and nothing else. I was simple. We all dug in, me with less gusto, Joanna and Peeta surprisingly with more gusto, seeing as heavy drinking was our main adjective last night. I ate slowly, trying my best to keep everything down. Joanna and Peeta, however, were having no trouble shoveling it down. I guess sex really is the best medicine. Once we all finished, I collected the dishes and Joanna volunteered to help. Peeta looked at his phone. "Well, I gotta get going. I have work in a few hours," he said to Joanna and I. Joanna let the dishes she was currently working on drop into the sink as she ran over to Peeta, jumping into his arms. Peeta stumbled back, caught off guard, as he chuckled. "Miss me already?" He smiled. Joanna just giggled, placing her lips to his. "Not yet, no, but I have a feeling I will," she admitted, shocking me for the second time this morning. "I'll see you at work today," he promised as Joanna disentangled herself from him. She walked him to the door, engaging in another tangle of tongues before allowing him to go on his way. She walked back into the kitchen, a smile to planted firmly on her lips. "Someone has a cruuuuush," I sang to her, swaying back and forth as my hands continued to soap up the dishes. Joanna rolled her eyes, joining me at the sink. "I don't get crushes, Arden. I'd just like to give it another go with him on a later date," she grabbed a glass, running water over it. "Uh huh," I nodded, the corner of my mouth turned up into a smile. "I'm serious!" She tried convincing me. "I said uh huh!" I smiled, grabbing out the clean dishes, stacking them before placing them in their respective places in the overhead cabinet. Joanna continued her denial until it was time for her to get ready and head to work as well, right alone side Peeta. She came into the living room, adjusting her name badge. I smiled widely, Joanna already knowing what I was about to say. "Shut up," she warned me, a glare directed toward me. I faked appalled, "whaaaat? I was just going to say have a wonderful day at work," I smiled at her as she looked at me, knowing I was full of it. She cocked her head to the side before grabbing her lighter and cigarettes from the bar by the kitchen counter. Right as she grabbed her purse from beside the couch I called to her, "so hello to your husband for me!" Joanna whirled around, grabbing a pillow from the couch, aiming it at my head. I giggled, grabbing the pillow before it could fluff my hair up further. "Bye!" I waved as Joanna finally broke, a smile spreading across her face. "Bye, Ar, I'll see you after work," and with that, she was out the door. I sighed contently, having the apartment to myself. I walked over to Ruffles, picking him up in my arms. He tried to fight it, but eventually gave up when he knew there was no escaping my cuddles. I walked Ruffles and I to my bedroom, plopping down on my bed with him in my lap. He managed to escape and laid on the pillow beside me with a huff. I smiled and stripped off my sweatpants, crawling underneath my covers. I still had a while before my date with Finnick. My date. I couldn't remember the last time I had even been on one of those things. My stomach suddenly began to flutter, my heart pounded, and my palms began to sweat. Great. I really didn't want to be a blubbering, sweaty pool of Arden when we went on our date. I wanted to be cool, calm and collected. Though, I don't think I've ever been all of those things all at once. I turned on my side, petting Ruffles who was beginning to drift off to sleep. I wondered what he would be wearing. He said casual. But, what if his definition for casual was far from mine? My usual definition of casual was no makeup, ponytail, and sweatpants. I couldn't wear that on my date with this gorgeous sculpture of a man. I decided to let my dreams tell me what to do as I flipped onto my stomach, drifting off to sleep.