change that just barely covered the bottom of my glass jars would never be enough. Somehow my mother got back on her feet and found a job at a local hospital. Her hours left her sleeping at odd times of the day, and seldom awake whenever I happened to be home. I take a bite of a small spoonful of wild rice covered with a small portion of the lamb stew and instantly savor the flavor. "Wow Katniss, you can really eat," Finnick comments as he watches me wolf down spoonful after spoonful. Had I not been in such a formal environment, I would have even considered tipping the plate back and letting the food rain onto my face. "At least I'm not the one taking food from other people," I counter, staring at Johanna's bowl of soup that now sits in front of him. "It's okay, I'm just watching out for Jo," he says. "Wouldn't want her to pop out of that pretty dress of hers." Johanna rolls her eyes and goes back to eating her meal while Finnick returns his attention to Annie, who has been quiet all evening. "Since we're all pretty much strangers, why don't we go around introducing ourselves?" Madge suggests from her seat between Clove and Annie. It was an ideal position, three people sat on either side of her (save for Johanna, who had kept her distance for personal reasons), and at her words, all of us glance at each other for what seems like the first time. "I guess I'll start then. I'm Katniss, Katniss Everdeen, and…and what else do you want me to say?" "Tell us about yourself. Your favorite color, your favorite cuisine, anything." "Madge, the year's over. You sound like you're writing a column for the yearbook." She rolls her eyes, but the corners of her lips flit upward. "Have it your way," she turns to my neighbor, Finnick. "So. Finnick Odair, how's life with you? What's the story behind you and Annie? What–" "Whoa there Madge, settle down. Life's good, especially since Annie's here," he says with a short chuckle. "I think Annie should be the spotlight of these introductions, really." He nudges her gently with his elbow, and she rolls her eyes. "I'm not really that good with words…" she begins. "My name is Annie Cresta, I'm home schooled, I like the ocean, I adore Mags, my caretaker, and... And that's it." "Hah, not much of the ocean here now is there?" Clove pipes up from where she's sitting, "I used to live out on the coast, it was probably one of the greatest things ever. Sand in between your toes, children just running all around you, waves splashing up at your ankles… It's the life." I turn my gaze back toward Annie and her smile is almost contagious. "You summed it up so perfectly, and I don't even know your name." "Clove, Clove Newton," she answers, grinning. "I met Jo and Cato at the Renaissance Fair in August, if you didn't go, you should definitely go next year." She nudges her partner before continuing, "Your turn, buddy." Cato turns around from a conversation he was having with Johanna, and introduces himself. Plutarch's announcement about the opening of the ballroom interrupts are small conversation, and all eyes turn toward me. After a few lighthearted remarks about how neither Madge nor I have dates (Johanna was let off the hook), Glimmer arrives in the empty seat between Johanna and Cato. "Oh my God, Cato! You guys have so many extra seats, why don't you just come and sit with us? It's a party over there, Marvel's just so cool," she giggles. "Much cooler than any of you." "What a shame," Johanna grumbles. "Of course it is! You guys aren't doing anything here, so I'll just start talking for you. Cato, come and sit with us! It'll be fun," she winks. Out of the corner of my eye, I see Finnick whisper something to Annie, and the two of them head off toward the ballroom. "Oh look, two more empty seats. You guys are so boring." One of her face eyelashes hangs comically off her lower lashline, and I can't imagine what she would do if she could see herself. "Well, if you won't move, I'll just go and get all of my friends on my own then. Brutus and Enobaria would really like some fresh meat to talk to," Glimmer stands up to leave as a small black fluffy thing falls onto the peach tablecloth. Oh, those must be the eyelashes. "I think I'll run to the bathroom," I announce, turning toward the four remaining members of our party. "You guys might want to move before she gets back and does something stupid." "Too late for that," Cato mutters. "Now I don't feel bad about going to Finnick's for pictures. Getting drunk before prom can only end in good things." Johanna suddenly perks up from her sullen posture and quickly scoots her chair back. "Hey Kat, I'll follow you in a sec alright? They're closing up the buffet tables and I need to grab something quick," she calls out behind her. I nod and attempt to retrace my footsteps to the main lobby where I had first seen the sign for the restrooms. I quickly find it, but a rough hand clamps around my elbow. "Hey, you there," he slurs. I'm certainly quite elated to publish my first chapter of this fanfic. It was originally intended to be a one-shot. As time progressed, it got longer and longer, so I decided to split it into multiple parts. I know this chapter wasn't extremely exciting; but I hope you enjoyed it. In later chapter(s?), I will reveal a bit more about each character, and of course, introduce Peeta. I would love it if you could write a quick review telling me your thoughts on the story, and I'll definitely consider them for the next chapter. Until next time! -Shoelaces