He put up a fight, that much Cato gave him, but Cato was blind with anger, blind with the vision of Clove dead on the dirt from a hand that wasn't his own. The boy was as broken in death. It wasn't the death that Cato had planned for Clove, though. That death was beautiful and majestic and glorious and now that death was taken away from him. The injuries that boy gave Cato was nothing. Now that Clove was dead, now that the honour of killing her was gone, he only had one chance to regain honour and pride again - winning. He set out, his sword coated with the blood that was not hers, his injuries made from a weapon that was not her knives. And he was set to win. I will kill for you. . He saw her again. She was the first that he saw, with her luminescent green eyes and sharp teeth. The fur was as dark and soft as the tendrils of her brown hair, and he could recognize the sculpted legs, the muscles in the arms, the sharp curve of her jaw line. They brought her back. But as a mutt, ready to kill him. Her eyes weren't quite right, not as cutting as hers in life, not as soulless. He was going to kill the lovers from 12 and she was going to help him, like they had planned. Cato already had his hands wrapped around the boy's neck, and he was ready to throw him off to her, so that she could tear him to shreds. ( go on. I'm dead anyways) He was as dead as her, as the rest of them. ( I always was, wasn't I?) They both were. They were never really living. The need for the hunt, the thirst for blood, the want of death - they weren't ever living. Not when they were together and not when they were apart. They didn't have feelings and they didn't have emotions or a heart. Cato could still win, could still prove he was the best - he might be dead, but he could still win this, he could still win and still bring pride and still prove that he is the best. But then he's flying over the side of the Cornucopia ( x marks the spot ) and he's on the same cold, hard ground as Clove when she died. He could see her eyes looking at him, could see her teeth coming towards him. She wanted to kill him. But not like this, not like this. Clove wanted to kill him with her legs pinning him down, with her knives delicately carving him out. She wanted to kill Cato, and kill him with artful taste, with precision and with a smirk on those blood-red lips. Not like this. Not with razor teeth ripping him out, not with frenzied eyes, not with fur in his mouth. This wasn't her, this wasn't her artful slices, this wasn't her careful cuts. Not like an animal. ( what's wrong, Cato? She was always an animal, and so were you. What's so bad about it now? Having second thoughts about who you are? What you both are? You're an animal, and so is she. ) The pain that rips through his body is too much, too much, and he can't feel anything but the mutt-that-isn't-Clove's teeth going deeper and deeper into his system. The cry that leaves his lips isn't human, it isn't anything - maybe it's all just in his head. Out of the corner of his eyes he sees the girl from 12 and the pain is just shredding him apart until he's nothing but pain and agony and hurt and he sees the girl from 12 watching him suffer, watching him die. His mouth forms a word that he's never used, a word that should have been for Clove's ears only. ( Say pretty please, Cato ) And before the arrow hits his skull, he sees Clove's green eyes in the mutt, and if he squints hard enough he can pretend that they belong to a human face. And it's her face - or the illusion of her face - that is the last thing Cato ever sees. I'm dead with you. Thanks for reading! Well, now I'm back after two (or more) months without any signs of life. Sorry! I hope this makes up for it? (not really. Sorry) A Cato/Clove story! I've been wanting to do one for some time, since I love both Cato and Clove so much. They're so dysfunctional and insane and I just really love them. I'm not too sure if this would exactly be categorized as a Cato/Clove story, but oh well. Also, I have no idea if this is a part of my 'challenge' (in which I write backstories for any Hunger Games character) or not, since this isn't really a backstory. But please feel free to submit any requests - I get much more motivated if I know there's someone out there who actually wants to read it enough to request it. Which brings me to my next point - I'll try to be updating my other story as soon as possible, but I'm really not motivated (and I'm so sorry for anyone - if there is anyone - reading) so that story might be on a hiatus for a bit. I'm so sorry! Last thing (sorry this A/N is so long) but it's really been a while since I've wrote some fanfiction so I'd like to know if there's anything I need to improve on or fix or anything like that. I feel like my writing is a bit off and different in this story from all my other stories, and I have no idea if it's a good thing or not. So any notes or pointers or criticism would be amazing. Any questions? Comments? Suggestions? Feedback? Please feel free to leave it as a review!