assured that there are things we need to talk about when we return. Yours, Katniss. She hoped that the 'yours' part said everything that she didn't just want to say on paper, and he would understand. He did. XX. Once again, he kept house. Every day he waited on the porch, sitting like the had, waiting for her. She would look up at the stars and thank them for brining her clarity on her first venture, and wished all the while for a safe and swift return home. The trip took five years- 3 there with all their belongings and troubles, two back because an injured member decided that he wanted to come back to town after he broke his leg. Katniss' frustration reached miles long. Yet, she had to keep hope that he would be waiting. And when she did return, she wasn't really quite sure what to say. "Happy 90th death day." He said, and held out a rose. "Yes, I guess it is." Her throat clogged, "Ninety years." She mused. "Mhh..." He agreed. "Cato, I..." She said, kicking a rock, "I'm just horrible at showing this kind of emotion. When it's not for show, I just don't know what to do." She admitted a little sheepishly. "Say what you feel." He shrugged. "How about I show you?" She asked, and she pulled him up to her room, "Not because I'm drunk, needy, or have anything to prove tonight. Just because you're the only one I could be with...in this way, and tonight I want to do it right." She murmured. And they did. After, he turned her around. "Can I try it again, what I tried to say before?" He asked. She nodded. "Please." He smiled, "I suppose I have a little more to say about it now..." And he frowned, clearing his throat, "I have been here 89 years. I feel in love with you that first night, 14 years after I arrived here. I saw you and you were so beautiful but I've been chocking on my words every since, trying to find the right way to say them. I have lived 100 years, and if I live 100 more I only wish I could live them with you. Katniss...I love you." "You were mine 50 years ago, Cato. I'm sorry it took so long." She said, nuding into his skin. "But it's so good now. So perfect." In the morning the two rose, and walked to town holding hands. They were greeted by slow clapping, that gradually became like a storm. Tuney tugged on Katniss' braid. "Finally!" She said. Katniss had a meeting to report about the journey with George, and Cato sat outside, so the conversation quickly shifted gears. "Weird, eh? Didn't I say?" He asked. "You did." Katniss agreed, "He killed me...but he also...woke me up. Made me feel alive in a place without life." She smiled. "This may sound a little weird, but there may be a reason he killed you. Haven't you noticed it makes the closest of bonds here? You and Glimmer are best friends, so are he and Peeta. Marvel and Rue have lunch together every Sunday. Arbor and I share everything as best buddies. Clove and Thresh own a business together. I think this place teaches us to forgive and to become normal people again. Seriously, if we were to go on to where right after the games, we would be a wreck. Now, perhaps we have a chance of moving on." "You still think after this, there's somewhere better?" Katniss asked, motioning around. "Yes." George said, "Just because I'm optimistic. It would be too lucky if this was the end." He shrugged, "Now, go." He motioned. "Don't you want to hear about the trip?" Katniss asked. "Oh, whatever. They'll write." He decided, "You've earned to enjoy this happiness." He said. Katniss got up, and touched her dear friend's shoulder. "So do you and Arbor." She said with a little smile, "We're not the only couple that found the best forgiveness from death." She whispered. George shook his head, "Oh, it maybe be 100 more years before that happens. I'm in no rush, though." He assured, "I'll let you two enjoy your limelight." Katniss shot him a glare. "Oh, you're so thoughtful." She said, deadpanned. She exited and Cato stood. He twined his fingers with hers. "I love you." "It's still weird to see Cato saying that. Cato the Bloody. Cato the Ruthless. Cato the Maniac." She quoted all the things she'd heard about him before the games. "They made me those things." He said, "My mom used to call me Cato the Kind." He said with a little sad smile. "Oh, you liar." She hit his shoulder, "I don't believe it." "Believe or not, it's true. I was the nicest person back in school, it was only when I was a teen that I began to train and all for the games. You know, you're a guy and you had to be the toughest." "For your sake, you should think it's a good thing I don't." She poked his chest, "So...what should we call you know?" She asked. "Cato the irrevocably in love with Katniss?" He prompted. "Too long." She decided. "How about 'Cato the Magnificent'?" He asked. SHe fake-barfed. "Too ostentatious." "Then...how about..." He held up a finger, and got down on a knee, "Cato- future fiancee of Katniss?" He asked, pulling out a ring. Katniss eyed him, trying to push back tears. "You had that ring for a while, didn't you?" She asked, wiping her nose. "Mhh a little." "And you knew when I came back that you were going to do this? Like this? You were planning that line for a long time, I bet." She chuckled. He shrugged. "Perhaps." "Well...then..." She stood him up, and took the ring, examining it, "Perhaps...I say yes." Ahh, I know, so sappy at the end but eh...I love it. If you enjoyed, review and favorite please!