the art of whispering. Annie rolls over in her sleep so her back's towards us. "Mommy isn't alone. I'm with her." I whisper back to him. But he sniffles and I can see it on his face, shadowy in the dim light, that he's going to cry. His green eyes get wide and his lower lip puckers out. It's a heartbreaking expression for not only me as his father, but pretty much everyone. He's a charismatic little guy, adorable, sweet, and intelligent. He is very quiet and shy, and very attached to us. Especially Annie, who he can't stand to be away from for more than a few hours before he starts getting anxious. Annie says he does the same when he's with her and away from me, but I sometimes have my doubts about that. The difference is that he's more used to being away from me. I'm the District's head fisherman now, and so I'm gone during the day most of the time. Sometimes Annie and Manny come with me, and sometimes not. It normally depends on how Annie is feeling. Sometimes she wakes up gasping, worried that I'm gone forever. She always runs down the stairs on mornings like this, her face white as a bone and her fists clenched. The relief that floods her face when she sees me in the kitchen, eating breakfast before leaving for work, is enough to make me want to cry. Those are the days she wakes Manny up and bundles him up and takes to the sea with me, bravely pushing away her own discomfort at being on a boat again. I like those days the best, and I'm hoping one day they will become the norm without Annie having to do it out of panic. Once Manny starts school she'll most likely come with me, anyway. I give up and release Manny, deciding that waking up to a crying child is worse for my wife than waking up to a sleeping one. He wedges himself between Annie and I and I pull the blankets up so they're to his chest. He turns on his side and rests his forehead against Annie's back, a small smile on his face. "I love you, Daddy." He whispers. I kiss the top of his dark head, smiling into the dark. "I love you too, Manny." I tell him. The storm rages on for the rest of the night, but I'm not worried at all, because the two treasures of my life are safe beside me. I wake in the morning to Manny and Annie's voices. Annie's whispering and Manny's talking in a normal tone, his voice a bit sleepy and happy. "Really? A big storm?" Annie asks in disbelief. I smile sleepily and wonder how she can sound so excited so early in the morning. "How big?" Manny must get that from his mother, because his voice is excited, too. "Huge!" He exclaims. Annie stifles laughter and then shushes him. "Daddy's asleep." She reminds him quietly. Manny gives whispering an attempt, but he only manages to stage whisper. "It shook the whole house! The whole thing!" "Wow! That's quite a storm. I'm glad you came in here." She says in exaggerated relief. Manny sounds serious when he replies. "Me too." He says. The bed shifts as he moves around a bit impatiently. "Can I go play?" I hear the sound of Annie kissing his forehead and then her agreement. "Okay, but just in your room. I'll come get you for breakfast in just a few minutes. Okie dokie?" Manny practically bounces off the bed. "Okie dokie!" He yells. I listen to his footsteps as he hurries from the room, and a minute later I'm smiling because I can hear the sheets rustling as Annie moves towards me. She curls her knees behind mine and kisses my back, her lips warm and soft. I scoot over and then roll over onto my other side, so I can see her. I can't help but grin so hugely my face aches. I always love her in the morning best, when her hair is wild and her eyes sleepy and her cheeks flushed. The t-shirt she's wearing is slipping off her shoulder a bit, and I find it so lovely that I can't help but press a couple kisses to the skin there. I slid a hand over her flannel-covered hip and smile against her skin. "Morning." I say. She smiles. "Good morning! Thanks for handling that last night." She says. I lift my head and rest it back on the pillow across from hers. Her eyes study mine as I study hers and we both smile at each other at the same time. "I didn't really have to handle much. I just asked him if he wanted to sleep in here and that was that." I explain. "Well, I still thank you for it, Mr. Modest." She teases. I flash her my most seductive grin. After four years of freedom from Snow and the Capitol, I'm glad to say that she's the only one who has been on the receiving end of it. "I can't help it I'm so perfect." I murmur. This makes her laugh for a few moments and curl into my arms. Her skin is still warm from being underneath the blankets, and I wish I could hold her like this for the entire day. But there is work to be done, and Manny won't stay entertained safely on his own for long. I kiss the fragile skin underneath her ear and hug her briefly. "Let's go make breakfast." I suggest. She sighs, and for a moment I think she's going to ask for a few more minutes, but then she's up and jumping off the bed. "Race you!" She calls behind her. I watch her hair swing as she runs from the room, her laughter echoing through the house, and I can't do much but smile for a moment. Life is joy.