took Peeta back with him to two. But no matter how hard Cato tried to distract him, Peeta couldn't stop thinking about Gale and his family and how on earth they'd make it without him. When his name was drawn from the bowl, Peeta never really held any hopes that he might win and make it back home. He didn't want to go back home after all his mother despised him and his siblings treated him like dirt, the only person that really cared was his father but he was old and weak and sometimes Peeta felt like his presence at home was just causing his father more grief than he should have to go through. So no, Peeta never planned on going home, but he did plan on doing everything he could to make sure that Gale got home. Not just because of his family but because of Katniss as well. Peeta used to love Katniss when they were younger, even going as far as to risk his mother's wrath by giving her some bread from the bakery once a few years ago. No, he didn't quite feel the same way about Katniss but he still cared about her and he admired her. Gale had a life back in twelve, while Peeta just didn't. So he went along with Haymitch's plan of taking advantage of the Capitols newest affection for the homosexual orientation and pretended to be in love with Gale all while he was really falling in love with the career tribute from district two. The first time they spoke was after the carriage ride around the arena after the opening ceremony. Cato was handsome and charming, incredibly cocky but that aspect of the others personality never bothered him too much. During their time in the Capitol Peeta would sneak out to meet with Cato, on the roof or in the training areas after everyone else had left. Cato wasn't too pleased about the plan to gain sponsors by pretending to be in love with his fellow tribute but he understood. But then Gale kissed him, that night before the games and Peeta felt… confused. He didn't love Gale the way he pretended in front of the camera's but he did care about the hunter so when Gale kissed him Peeta kissed him back until he quickly came to his senses as he remembered Cato and pushed the other tribute away. Gale was sweet kind and thoughtful. Peeta could see what Katniss saw in him but before Gale actually kissed him Peeta had honestly never really thought about him that way but after that kiss. It was Peeta's first; Cato hadn't kissed the baker boy until after Gale did before the games so at first Peeta thought that maybe that would explain his was his reaction to Gale. But then came that moment in the forest with the tracker jackers and the other moment after Gale found him in the woods and now Peeta's just confused. He was relieved when Gale told him that Cato was still alive, of course he was but at the same time Peeta was also relieved that Gale was still alive and that he's the one that found him in the woods. He wanted to see Gale, one more time before whatever happened next happened and the idea of going home with Gale instead of Cato didn't make him feel as upset as it should have. But none of that matters now. Gale is dead, there's no point in dwelling on what could have been now, it's too late for that. And besides Peeta loves Cato and Cato loves him right back, they'll be happy together, Peeta will finally get to leave his abusive home and Cato will get to keep that little bit of happiness that he's come to cherish so dearly since before the games began. There are just three tributes left, Peeta, Cato and the girl from five. Cato promised to take care of her since he knew that Peeta wouldn't be able to, not after that first night when Marvel and Glimmer forced the baker boy into killing a girl that they'd managed to trap all alone in order to prove his loyalty and Peeta was grateful for it. Peeta leaned into Cato a little more, tightening his arms around the tribute's waist as he breathed him in and Cato smiled as he pressed a kiss on his forehead. Soon it'll all be over, of course Peeta would prefer it if the problem with the last remaining tribute somehow managed to dissolve on its own. If the cannon's violent roar suddenly echoed across the arena and they were declared as victors, then Cato wouldn't have to kill anyone else and Peeta wouldn't feel any more guilt at the thought of all the lives that were lost just so they could go back home. It was right at that moment that Peeta remembered how loud the cannon was. How you could hear the signal announcing another tributes death from anywhere in the arena, no matter how far out you were. And at that thought Peeta suddenly remembered that the cannon never roared after Cato killed Gale. But wouldn't that mean… Peeta froze. "What's wrong?" Cato asked as he stared down at the blonde in concern just as a sudden snap of a twig came from nearby and Peeta sat up to see a figure standing right behind them. Bloodied and heavily wounded the figure lifted a hand up to his lips as he raised the hunter's knife in the other. The End A/N: Yup This is an open ending cause I really like Cato and Peeta together, like I love them together, but I don't have the heart to kill of a bakerboy love sick Gale either, so you guys can decide how it ends for yourselves. I am going to do another hunger games fic but it's going to be an AU and that's only later. Anyway please review.