am no one, I am no one, I am no one. I uncurl her and cradle her in my arms and press kisses to her face. "You are mine, you are mine, you are mine. You are everything." I promise her. It is only then that she lowers her hands. Keeping the rebellion plan from her is difficult. Lying to her and telling her that I'm going to come home is harder. She consumes me: mind, body, soul. Everything I do is for her. Every sacrifice I plan to make, every conversation I have, every step I take. Everything is to keep her safe. Because she is the only good thing left. I don't ask Mags. But she does it anyway. She takes the place of the mad girl who isn't really mad at all. Just good at escaping. I think it's the last time I will ever see her when she comes into the Justice Building to say goodbye, so I bury my hands into her hair and kiss her deeply. "You are the thing I will miss most about living." I tell her. Her back shakes as she sobs. She is so very far from me. Her screams rip through me like barbed wire would, shredding my skin, tearing my heart. I am paralyzed by the realization that I have left her all alone in Four. I am paralyzed by the realization that Snow could have harmed her already, and that even if he hasn't yet, he will if this doesn't go according to plan. I apologize more times than I can count that night once everyone is asleep. I am no one. That is all I can think in District Thirteen. I cry all night and stare unseeingly all day. I see the most terrible things, I hear the most terrible sounds. I know what they are doing to her. It feels like they are doing it to me, too. I know it then. I know that we are two parts of the same person. I know that it's a tragedy that we were somehow pulled apart into different bodies, just as I know that it was a miracle that we were able to come back together. I am not myself again until I hear her shriek my name. She runs into my arms, naked except for a wrinkled bedsheet, and nothing has ever meant more to me. Nothing has ever been so powerful. "I'm sorry I went where you couldn't reach me." She tells me, her voice muffled against my gray uniform. This makes me sob into her hair. The guilt eats me alive and I understand that I will never escape it. My beloved was tortured and it was all my fault. There is no evading that. "Thank you for escaping." I whisper, hoping she understands just how much I mean that. Just how much I feel that. Just how much I depend on her, how I am not me without her by my side. Her next words make me ache for days afterwards, because they are like acid into my guilt-inflicted wounds. "Thank you for finding me." It isn't until the night after our wedding that I understand her words. She grips me and tells me: Without you, I wouldn't be myself at all. And because I understand, I give her her words back. Thank you for finding me. She lies to me the night before I leave her for the very last time. She kisses me like she has a secret, and when I ask her for it (like I'm so accustomed to doing), she denies its existence. Her lips tastes sad. Her eyes look sad. We are both so sad and there is nothing more to say. I hold her close to me and cry with her. I lie to her. I tell her I'm going to be back, even though I somehow know that I won't. We make love, and afterwards, with her bare body pressed flush against mine, I can feel her secret. I pull back and look down at her, scanning my eyes down her body until I notice a slight swell that I hadn't noticed before. Maybe I just wouldn't let myself see it because it hurt too badly. "Annie," I plead, and then I'm crying so hard I can't catch my breath and she's stroking my hair back from my face, her fingertips shaking. "I feel it now." She murmurs. She kisses my head and keeps her face pressed there. "I feel like everything." She should. She should. I walk away from everything I ever wanted, from the future I never even dreamed I could have. Annie kisses me and tells me she loves me. She tells me she'll see me soon. "Be strong," she says. "I'll be here when you get back." I don't have to say it to her. I can see it in her eyes that she is the strongest of us all. I only have time for a handful of sporadic thoughts as the activated holo flashes. Four short flashes, and it will go off, and I'll be out of my misery and so will these mutts. 1 I have loved more than I ever thought I could. I have been happier than I ever thought I could. I have lived and enjoyed it, despite it all. 2 It was all worth it, in the end. Who would have ever expected it? 3 The girl who was always escaping will not be able to escape this heartbreak and she will be far from my reach. But she will surprise them all with her strength, and they will forever speak of the couple who could never manage to free themselves fully, but found a way to escape inside of each other. 4 Somewhere out there, a beautiful woman is going to give birth to a beautiful little boy, and together they will help rebuild this world that is going down in flames with me.