a Peacekeeper and some of the tension leaves my body. But the question lingers, who could it be? No one just casually strolls through this wild brush, especially not this close to the fence. I do, mainly because I like the seclusion of these woods, and also because it is practically my backyard. For walks in the woods, people go through the main district forest, the one that is left untouched by lumberjacks so as to keep up the theme of our tree-covered home. What is someone doing all the way out here? I squint to see if I can recognize the stranger, but I don't have very good eyesight, something I despise. From this distance, I can only tell that he is male. Slowly he edges closer, making no effort to keep quiet. In fact, he is kicking up the decomposing leaves in his path. If this was any other day, and I was looking for game, I would've been very ticked off. Suddenly it hits me, like a jolt of lightning. This roamer is just a boy, well a teenager, and I recognize him. I know him. What should I do? Continue to hide here, hoping he doesn't walk into or notice me? But I am directly in his path. If he did stumble across me hiding in a bush, that could be very awkward. Do I dare stand and run away? I cannot so much show him my weapon as I can leave it here with my dinner. Often times when I find myself in these quick-decision situations, I tend to just jump into a decision and go with it. Not too often, but maybe often enough. Without fully thinking through the consequences, I bolt up. The boy hears this and nearly jumps out of his skin. He is Hunter Reyes . He is one year above me in school. I actually used to be friends with him, until I diverted to lonesomeness. As I got older, I preferred to keep to myself. There isn't really a significant reason why. Maybe I just got sick of pointless tiresome conversations about people or comedic instances, which aren't really that funny. Or the disloyalty of friends that I'd experienced far too often. I especially disliked when people would go on about all they had or the new objects they'd bought, as if ever-looming hunger wasn't enough of a reminder of my decreased wealth. District 7 is middle-class in terms of wealth, nowhere near as wealthy as District 1 and nowhere near as poor as District 12, but of course I am not a part of our majority. My stomach, although fed, is never full. Always emptier than my classmates, and I hate it. Hunter and I lock eyes. I remember his eyes well. Hazel. They seem brown but with hints of green. I remember so well for a reason... I used to like him. Used to. "Rowan?" he says, stunned. My lips are trying to form something to say, some way to talk myself out of this, a way to get depart with my bow and rabbit in peace. But they don't. I really just want to leave this strange moment. "Hi." I say quickly. It is silent for a moment so without really thinking I grab my things, hiding them behind me best I can, and take off back home, nodding at him once as a farewell. It's quite an impulsive move, but I try not to linger on it. Maybe I would've engaged in conversation with Hunter, had I not been illegally hunting. As curious and tempted as I am, I don't look back. I return my bow and quiver to the old warped tree and stop by home, only quickly, to drop off the chunk of wood and the game my mother was expecting, and also to grab some money. Then I venture to the town market and buy the carrots and beets I had planned to from my friends' fruit and vegetable stand: R&R . They are an older couple – the ones who always bought my rabbits. He has scars from a lifetime of lumbering and she's got a horrible cough from working in transportation and factories. But they seem happy. It's strange, to be happy living in a world like this. Their children and grandchildren have all survived their reapings, so I guess they do have something to be happy about. They've always charged me unreasonably low prices, and for that I am very appreciative of them. "Good luck today, little girl." The old man, Rolf, says to me as he hands back my change. He always addresses me like this, either "little girl" or "tree girl" because of my name. His wife scolds him saying, "She has a name!" but for some odd un-Rowan like reason I've never minded. "Thank you." I say. The woman, Ruth, discreetly slips another carrot into the sac in my hand, and gives me a small sorrowful smile. She knows how many times my name is in that bowl. I take tessera, where I receive a year's worth of grain and oil for each member of my family in exchange for putting my name in the reaping bowl more times. My district is ranked 6/12 in our tesserae claims. I am part of that statistic. My name is put in 3 more times than most other kids: twice for myself, once for my mother, and once for my aunt. These accumulate so this year I have 20 entries. I whisper a thank you to Ruth and head home. Maybe I would've over thought my run-in with my old friend. Maybe I would've been angered by a wanderer in my part of the woods. Maybe I would've made jokes with Rolf over his funny nicknames for me. Maybe I would've politely argued with Ruth over giving me extra food, considering the low prices she already gives me. Maybe I would've done any number of things, just not today.