want me to give, while silently giving her the one I really want to. "No." She lifts one eyebrow, something that I find oddly endearing, and I quickly explain. "It's against the rules. If someone even heard me saying that I would, it probably wouldn't be good for anyone involved. So I can't." By anyone involved, I really just mean her. Because if Snow sees me going out of my way to do something like that for her, he will begin to think that I care for her, and if he thinks that, she might end up punished somehow. Even though she's about to undergo one of the worst punishments there is. Her face flushes for reasons unknown to me. "Well, thank you anyway." She mutters. "No problem. What would you need to say so badly that you couldn't have said it at the Justice Building?" I inquire. I push the bowl of fruit her way again to remind her it's there. She picks up a blueberry. "When my sister came to see me, all she did was beg me to win. She wouldn't let me say goodbye like I needed to. Well, she didn't keep me from doing it, but it would have broken her heart. I couldn't do that to her. But I wanted to tell her not to watch it." She is definitely a nicer person than I am. I quickly try to fix the worrisome last sentence she spoke. "Not to watch what? The Games?" I ask nervously. She nods. "It would break her heart to see me killed. I don't want her to have to see that." But Snow does. Snow wants everyone to have to see that. That's why it's mandatory viewing. Surely she knows that? "Well, you know it's mandatory viewing." I remind her. "So she has to. But I understand what you mean." I make sure my voice is projected so any potential bugs in this room will catch it. I highly doubt Snow bothered to bug this room (he usually just bugs mine) but I won't let anyone pay for my carelessness. I push forward. "And don't count yourself out so quickly. You've got the hottest and most talented mentor there is. Don't count me out so quickly, either." I tell her this even though I counted myself out long ago. Even though I don't have faith in myself at all. But I think she could have faith in me—even if it was misguided faith—and maybe if she believed in me I would too. She points at herself. "Seashell, remember?" I lean back against the footboard and look over her carefully. I eye her long fingers, the gentle curve of her breasts, the slope of her waist, the firmness of her thighs. She looks stronger than she sounds. And more importantly, she has managed to somehow charm me, and if she can do that she can charm anyone. Favor with the audience gets you far. "You know what I think, Seashell ?" She shakes her head. I push the bowl towards her again and wait until she's munching on a piece of apple. "I think you're a lot stronger than you think you are." She must be, because even though she fell apart on stage, she's been keeping herself together remarkably well. She's probably falling apart in private, but the fact that she can keep herself together right now, even when talking about her imminent death, tells me more about her than what she does for a living. She must not agree with this, because she chokes on the apple she's eating as she starts laughing incredulously. I reach over and pat her back until her coughing stops. She looks at me in shock. "Not that I don't trust your keen eye, Finnick, but I'm honestly hopeless when it comes to this. I spend my spare time quilting. I'm in the same weight class as twelve-year-olds. I've never held a weapon in my life." I work hard to keep my face unaffected. I merely offer her the bowl again. She rolls her eyes and takes a strawberry. "I think you're counting yourself out." I continue stubbornly. "You are obviously strong enough to put your sister's emotional needs before your own. You gave her the words she needed to hear when you were supposed to be saying goodbye. As for talents, I know for a fact you can tie knots and make nets. I'm also fairly certain you can swim." She's quiet for a moment, and then she confirms that yes, she can tie knots and make nets. And she can swim. "Well, that's three advantages you have right there. Just because you're not a master swordsman doesn't mean you are going to die for a fact. We are going to work together, okay? We'll find a weapon you feel comfortable using. I'm going to teach you how to protect yourself. And then we'll work out a strategy for the Games." She stares at me with so much trust that I feel sick. "Okay." She says. I rise after that. I'm not feeling my best. I'm usually not feeling my best, though, so it's easy to work past. "Now, eat the rest of your fruit. I want you looking buff and strong the next time I see you." I joke. She takes another piece and smiles. "Better be careful or I'll be stronger than you." I stop and stay near the door, that same odd and abrupt feeling of happiness washing over me for a moment. It passes quickly. "Oh Annie, I hope so." I say quietly, and then I close the door before I have to see that look in her eyes again. It isn't until I'm under my blankets that I understand why I feel so terrible. It wasn't just the trust in her eyes. It was the fact that, while trying to convince her that she had a chance, I somehow managed to convince myself that she does too.