joy of that moment. It was so short-lived. One painting in the room was complete. It was Prim. She was in a meadow, surrounded by flowers. Katniss bit her lip, trying to suppress the flood of emotion that was threatening to come out. She turned and walked out quickly. The whole house smelled like baking bread, but it got more and more tempting as she neared the kitchen. She saw he had an enormous oven and a fire was blazing inside it right now. Peeta must have been up very early. She sat down, watching the flickering firelight, almost mesmerized by it. She suddenly heard the creaking of floorboards and turned around to face the person coming down the stairs. "You should lock your front door. Anybody could just walk right in." He smiled. "As long as it's just you, I'm okay with that." "I brought some apples for you," she said. "By the door. I traded one of my rabbits for them." "Thanks," he said, unloading them into a bowl on the table. "What brings you here so early? I figured I wouldn't see you for hours still." "I don't sleep that late," she said defensively. "You were certainly up early." "I haven't been sleeping very well," he said, frowning, taking out some fresh dough and beginning to knead it. "A few hours here and there. And at a certain point, I figure that I should just get up, if all I'm going to be doing is lying in bed with my eyes open." She didn't realize he was still that bad. She remembered that he hardly ever slept when they invaded the Capitol. She could still see him lying there, eerily awake. She decided she needed to change the subject, get their minds off those miserable times. She could never truly get it out of her mind, but Peeta didn't have to suffer it too. Although, she doubted he did not also carry these thoughts with him always. "What kind are you making? It smells delicious." He gestured toward the oven. "They're strawberry tarts. I used the last of the berries that we had. They were so ripe, there was nothing to do with them but cook them." Her mouth was watering. "I hope you're going to share." "Always," he said, smiling. He pulled them out of the oven and set them aside. "Wait until they cool. Can't have you burning yourself, especially with one hand out of commission already." He sat down across from her and they sat quietly and a little awkwardly for a few minutes. "How is your hand?" Katniss stretched it out and flexed it. She had applied more salve and changed the bandages in the morning. "Feels better. I probably won't be digging out in the dirt for a few days, though." Peeta kept his eyes on her. "What? Why are you staring at me?" "I think things are getting better," he said. She furrowed her brow. "What do you mean?" "I'm not sure," he said. "But after yesterday, I feel like I know you again. Like I've been wandering around in this fog for so long, and I've finally come out of it." He averted his eyes for a moment. "Does that make any sense?" It did. The way he had held her, the comfort of his warmth, her hunger for his lips: those were all so familiar. She just nodded. She didn't regret what had happened, but she wasn't sure if she was ready for that kind of relationship. Maybe she should just trust her instinct, go with her heart instead of her head. "I know I haven't been the most reliable friend lately," he said. "But if you need me, I'll always come running. You know that, right?" She smiled. "I know. Me too." He handed her a tart. She bit into it and a rush of flavors hit her tongue. "These are amazing, Peeta! They might be my new favorite." She thought she saw him blushing as he piled the rest of the tarts onto plates. He covered one with a cheese cloth. "Bring this to Haymitch. I have to get to the bakery. We've almost got all the debris out, so we'll be able to start rebuilding it soon." She gathered her things at the door, balancing the plate on one hand. "That's good news. Maybe I'll come by and see you—see the progress you've made, I mean." "That would be nice." He held open the door, waiting for her to exit first. "Otherwise, I'll see you for supper?" She nodded, walking out. Peeta followed her out, then turned down the path to the square. Katniss watched him go, unsure of what to do next. She guessed it was only nine or ten in the morning. She left the plate of tarts by Haymitch's door. He was almost certainly still asleep, as he rarely was able to sleep at night either. What a trio they were, wide awake at night and in a haze during the day. She whiled away the hours slowly, first cutting and arranging the flowers from the day before into a wreath, and then going through her book, writing bits here and there about her fallen friends. She stopped when she reached Prim's page. It was blank, except for her face. Peeta had drawn her so perfectly in every detail. It was as if she was still alive, staring back at Katniss, demanding to know why she wasn't moving on with her life, why she was still in mourning. Prim was the person she knew best in all the world, but she couldn't find words when she finally put her pen to paper. Primrose Everdeen was my sister ,she wrote. She was the kindest, gentlest person I have ever met. She was a healer: she extended life, and did not destroy it. She died in the rebellion. The next part she did not write, but it was in her mind: Gale's bombs killed her.