cheeks begin to turn a shade of red. I've always hated attention, I'm more of the person that blends into the back I hate being the center of anything. "Umm, hey Clove." I say with a weak smile and a little wave. Peeta's by my side and puts his arms around my shoulders giving me butterflies. "Sorry. Cato, Glimmer, and Marvel. This is Katniss." He says looking down at me. "Katniss this is Cato, Glimmer, and that's Marvel." He states, pointing at every single one of them. "Well well well! Mellark finally brought you around!" Marvels says, smirking towards Peeta. "How rude of you to keep a girl as pretty as her to yourself, Mellark." He winks. I blush harder. "Don't make her feel uncomfortable, Marv!" Glimmer screams. "I'm Glimmer, like Peeta said. Marvel's little sister. Nice to meet you," she smiles, extending her hand to me. "Hi, Glimmer." I respond, shaking her hand. "Hi, Katniss." Cato says with a smile. "Everyone this Clove," he says, lifting the hand he has a grasp on. "Clove this everyone." Annie laughs, "You're doing it wrong! She deserves a better introduction that that! Hi, I'm Annie. This is Peeta, Johanna, Glimmer, Marvel, and you already know Katniss!" She says, proudly. "Hi, everyone." Clove shyly responds. "I thought she wasn't coming, Finnick!" a tall man with broad shoulders, dark hair, and an olive skin tone says. The guy he's yelling to which I now know is Finnick is a tall guy, with bronzed hair color, beautiful sea green eyes, and a nice skin complexion. "Awwwwh, come on Gale. Anyways, if you want I'll keep all of Jo's attention." The guy winks toward Johanna. "Keep your hands off of me. Both of you." Johanna says, pulling Peeta into the Cinema. "Plus, I have Peeta here." "And who's this pretty lady?" Finnick eyes me up and down. I begin to wish Johanna hadn't dragged Peeta inside. It would had made everything a lot less awkward. "That's Katniss!" Annie smile, tangling herself around Finnick's waist. "Nice to meet you, Katniss. If you ever get sick of the blonde one you know who to call." He winks at me. "Finn! They're only friends." Annie squeals. "Oh, then that means we can spend all the time in the world together without it bothering Peeta," he says, throwing his head back laughing. I just smile. Clove appears to my side and pulls my arm. "Sit next to me in the Cinema, I don't really know anyone here." Thank God. I don't know anyone either well except Peeta and her.\ I reply, "Sure. When we go inside Peeta and Johanna are laughing about something. So, I decide to just stick to Clove. Annie pulls me from Clove's side and asks me to go get refreshments with her so I just follow her. "Sorry about Johanna." Annie says, sadly. "She's only like this when Gale and she are fighting. Both of them always hog Peeta, though. If Gale was here first it would be him dragging Peeta inside, he wouldn't be draped over Peeta like Johanna is but they'd be joking around with him." "Are they dating? Gale and Johanna?" I ask concerned. "No one really knows. We all know they have a thing or feelings for each other but they've never became official. Then sometimes Johanna has dates with other guys. Gale doesn't really date other girls but it's not like we never find him fooling around with another girl. Johanna and Gale are crazy for each other. We all see it. They just don't want to admit." Annie sighs. "Oh." Is all I can offer her. "That'll be $25.38." says the man behind the counter. Annie hands him the money as I gather the buckets of popcorns and she pulls drinks from the counter top. / "THAT MOVIE WAS INCREDIBLE!" Marvel screams once we're in the parking lot, jumping up and down like a little kid would if they got the newest toy out on the market. Clove and I just laugh. I sat next to her and Peeta during the movie. Johanna and Gale ended up making up , well I'm guessing because they were all over each other during the movie. I was comfortable sitting between Clove and Peeta. Clove was in Cato's embrace the whole time and by the way they were acting, I think they missed half of the movie. My head was on Peeta's shoulder the whole time and he would run this thumb over the hand he was holding. It made me feel safe—like he always does. "It really was amazing. Hmmm, Prim wasn't lying." Peeta comments once we're inside his car and driving away. We said goodbye to everyone— almost everyone. Johanna and Gale were nowhere to be found. "It was. I loved it." I smile. "Annie wants to take you shopping soon by the way." My eyes widen so he continues. "I'm going." "It's not that, I think I can spend an afternoon with Annie. It's just... I don't do the whole shopping thing. I'm awful at it. Clothes bore me. The only reason I have nice clothing is because of Effie." "Then I guess it's a good thing I'm going. I'll be of much better assistance to Annie then you'll be." He teases. It's only seven o'clock so once he pulls up to my drive way I stick my head toward the window as he levels it down. "Want to come?" I offer Peeta to come inside. "No thank," he politely declines. "I've still got some Algebra II homework." Slacker. He pushed himself from the driver's seat and place a sweet kiss onto my rosy cheeks. "See you tomorrow, Kat." He whispers. "Y-Yeah," I choke out. Then he drives away. Once I'm inside I brush my finger over the place his lips met my cheek and throw myself onto the couch to dream. First Hunger Games FanFic and first FanFic I've ever written! Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games!