metal thing on her head. Soon enough they were told to get on their chariots. While they waited for district one, two and three to go the stylist made a few last checks on their outfits and then they were following them out, the other districts soon following as well. Wren put on her best smile and waved at the crowd, winking and blowing kisses at whomever she had caught the attention of, she thought she was doing well enough until something behind her caught the whole crowds attention and had them screaming their approval. Wren turned her body slightly to look behind her and a few chariots back she saw the two tributes from district twelve. She was slightly shocked to see them on fire but after a careful look saw that they were not in danger. She felt a stab of envy for the district twelve tributes. They obviously had a stylist that wanted to show them off. Wren looked down at her plain blue toga and then glanced at Dylan who had the same sort of look on his face. He caught her looking and gave her a 'what can you do' sort of smile, she huffed and then continued to wave and smile, even if no one was paying attention to her. President Snow gave a short speech but Wren wasn't paying attention, she was looking around her at the other tributes; they would all die except for one and if Wren could bet she'd bet on the boy from district two. He was huge and Wren knew that he had volunteered to be a tribute. The horses started to lead them towards the training centre after one last parade around the circle and when the doors shut behind them Wren noticed all the other tributes giving the district twelve tributes the dirtiest of looks. Finnick ran up to their chariot and helped Wren down by grabbing her hips and setting her gently on the ground, leaving Dylan to climb down himself. "You looked so cute out there" he said in a sing-song voice and then took off the pearl headpiece, shoving it into the hands of the nearest stylist. The training centre had a tower designed exclusively for the tributes and their teams. It would be where they would be living until the actual games began. Each district had a whole floor to themselves and there were twelve floors in total, Finnick pressed the number four and up they went. As soon as the doors opened again Wren was being pushed through the main room and then through a long hallway, into another room and then into a shower. She was left to shower with a stern 'get yourself clean' and the stylist left a set of clothes for her to change into; a simple blue tank top that was made of some soft material, a pair of black trousers and some house slippers. Wren stripped out of the toga and hung it neatly on the hook on the door, stepped into the shower stall and frowned; on the wall in front of her was a panel with more than a hundred options you could choose, regulating water temperature, pressure, soaps, shampoos, scents, oils and massaging sponges. Wren scoffed, all she had at home was a large bucket and she had to collect and heat the water herself. She chose to put the water at a medium temperature and selected some soap with the scent of raspberries and rubbed the sweet smell into her skin and then she chose lemongrass for her shampoo and sighed at the calming effect it had on her, she recognised the scent from somewhere but she couldn't remember where. Blurry images floated by her minds eyes but she couldn't make any of them out. She finished her shower and stepped out to look for a towel when some heaters came on and blow dried her. She finished dressing just as a quiet 'dinner is ready' came through the door. She joined everybody else at the table and sat quietly as she ate, listening to the conversations going on around her. "So Wren, you're being very quiet?" Finnick asked as he cut into his steak. Wren looked up quickly and decided whether or not to answer him when he asked another question "you don't talk much, do you?" she shook her head and Finnick smiled "why not?" Wren looked around; everyone was looking at her now, wanting to know the answer as much as Finnick. "My parents were killed when I was six, eleven years with no one to talk to can do worse things to a person." Wren poked at her meat with her fork, avoiding all eyes because she didn't want to see the pity she knew would be there. "That must have been hard for you" Finnick said quietly. Wren glanced up at him and shrugged "I managed" she wiped her mouth with her bright purple napkin and pushed her chair out "excuse me" she mumbled and left, she didn't like talking about her past, didn't like talking at all. She escaped to her room but found it too confining, so she went and stood on the balcony. The cold air hit her in the face when she opened the door and she breathed in deeply, inhaling the fresh city air. She stood for a while, looking up at the star-filled sky and listening to the inhabitants of the city as they partied. She stayed up there until she began shivering uncontrollably. She wrapped her arms tightly about herself and sighed. Tomorrow was the first day of training; Wren wasn't looking forward to it at all. It meant one less day until she was put into the arena. Wren shook herself from her discouraging thoughts and shuffled back down to her room. She climbed into her warm bed but the shivers didn't subside for a while and it was an even longer still until sleep finally took her.