really are Mom's kid." Bastian said shaking his head as he stormed out the room. "What about you Rosie?" Clove asked her sister who had stayed silent during the argument. "I just want you to come back to teach me to throw knives like you do." She smiled. After breakfast, Clove entered her room and saw that her mother had laid out different dress options on the bed with matching shoes. She shook her head and went to look at them. The first was pink and very frilly which was not going to work. The next two were too bubbly and over the top. The last one was black but still had an edge to it. She picked it up to look at it more carefully. "I knew you'd pick that one." Her mother said from the doorframe. "Did you see the shoes too?" She asked giving her the pair of black wedged heels that were high enough without being inappropriate. "Try it on, I want to see!" She said over excitedly. "Sure Mom." Clove sighed at her mother's excitement. She went into the bathroom and put on the dress. She looked in the full length mirror and a smirk pulled her lips. The dress looked great, the pleated skirt made it sophisticated but the silk detail on the neckline and the partly opened back gave it a bit of edge. She put on the shoes and went out to meet her mother. "Oh my little Clove, you look absolutely stunning!" She squealed. "Look at you? You're such a perfect young woman and a perfect tribute." She grinned widely. "Thanks Mom." Clove said rolling her eyes. "You look very pretty. Like a princess." Rosamund said coming into the room and sitting on the bed. "So do you Rosie." Clove smiled. "Now let me do your hair Clove!" Her mother said enthusiastically. "Please Mom don't do anything too crazy." She sighed. "Alright. But a bun and some curls would look great. And maybe a hairpiece..." "Mom!" Clove said rolling her eyes. "Alright! I get it. You want to look all tough and ruthless. But it wouldn't kill you to wear a bit of color and frills!" "Maybe for my interview." She sighed hoping her mother would stop talking about girly things. "Oh I am so proud of you Clove. You look so glamorous! A perfect representation of our district. Not unlike the outer districts who look like they were playing in dirt before the reaping." She said looking at her in the mirror while pulling her straight hair back into a slick ponytail and wrapping a strand of hair around the elastic. "There. Is that alright or does it not satisfy your specific taste?" Her mother teased. "It's fine Mom. I like it." Clove said getting up. "Well I'll leave you to yourself for a moment. I'll get ready. Come Rosie." Her mother said leaving the room. "We'll see you in the justice building after the reaping. Don't forget to smile! Make me proud." Her mother told her as she left her oldest children to register. "Are you ready?" Clove asked Bastian while adjusting his tie. "I'm fine." He mumbled looking away from her. "Well, well, well. Little Clover has a little brother." Cato said with a smile. "Hey Bastian!" Celia said with a smile. "You know him?" Cato asked raising his eyebrow at his sister. "Yeah, he's my friend." She stated. "I like your dress. You look real pretty!" She told Clove. "Don't talk to her." Cato said dryly. "But I want to." Celia said looking up at him defiantly. "Come on Bastian, let's get registered." She said walking towards the line. Clove burst out laughing. "Well she's something. Wonder where she gets the cockiness from." She grinned. "Wow, Killer can enjoy herself. I don't think I've ever seen you laugh." Cato said as they went in line behind their siblings. "It's because I don't tend to enjoy myself around you." She said shrugging her shoulders. "Well that'll have to change." He whispered in her ear making her roll her eyes as they pricked her finger. "Hey Killer!" He called as she walked away. "What do you want now Cato?!" She sighed. "Nice legs." He smirked as she rolled her eyes and walked away. "See you on stage!" He called after her. Thirty minutes later, a rather extravagant woman wearing a dress that looked like a cross between a butterfly and a tropical bird came up on stage. "Welcome dear people of District 2, the important district of masonry. It is such an honor to be here for the special day of reaping for the 74th annual Hunger Games. And now, here's a video from the Capitol itself." She said as the video they watched every year started. Clove smirked knowing every line by heart. "And now, happy Hunger Games and may the odds be ever in your favor." She smiled proudly. "Now as usual, ladies first!" She said approaching the first bowl. Clove caught Cato's eye line. He smirked and winked at her making her shake her head trying to suppress her grin as the woman picked out a name. 'Good luck.' He mouthed. "And the female tribute for district 2 is... Celia Cutrone!" She yelled. The following seconds seemed to last forever. Clove saw a flash of emotion in Cato's eyes. Fear. Something she never thought she would see in him. A/N : A new story! And my first Hunger Games fic! I hope you all love Clove and Cato as much as I do. I really think they deserved more back story. PRETTY PLEASE leave a review to tell me if If you're interested in this story and if ever you have any opinions or things you'd like to see happen I'll be happy to read them! I already have the next few chapters written so I should update with the next one in a few days. Enjoy and I really appreciate you reading the story! Xoxo