one that shows an echo of a Mockingjay leading a nation. The young couple murmurs some awed apologies, not sure what the appropriate response is. Katniss continues "I think you can see why The Hunger Games are a very sensitive topic for me. "I wouldn't talk about any of this before, and we've been out of the public eye for a long time. Peeta and I had already decided to break our silence, and to tell our story publicly as part of the celebration for the 25th anniversary of the end of The Hunger Games." Peeta picked up here. "As result of this war, Katniss lost several good friends, and she never has been someone to make friends easily. More importantly, she lost Prim, the sister she loved more than life itself, who she basically raised from the age of 11. For a while, she lost me as well." Katniss took over again. "I don't know what you learned in school. A lot of this didn't come out until much, much later. Just before President Snow's planned execution, I found out the bomb that killed Prim as well as a large number of innocent children had been ordered by the President of District 13, slated to become President of Panem. This bomb was deliberately planned to kill children and look like the Capitol had ordered it. Not only that, but Prim had deliberately been put in the position to be hit by it. Once again, someone I loved was targeted simply to get at me, to try to break me and keep me from being a threat to what simply would have been a new dictatorship. "President Coin wanted to run one last Hunger Games. With that, I realized that Coin was no different than Snow, and life in Panem would be no better under her. Shortly after that, I let loose the arrow that killed President Coin, rather than President Snow. I was still only 17 years old. I lost my sanity after that." Peeta stepped back in. "We won't go into the details of her recovery or of mine. That's no longer part of history, but is our own story. Just let it suffice to say that we lost everything, including each other. We worked hard, found one another again, and saved each other. It's still rough at times, and you've just seen a piece of that. "I promise you that she has more control of that knife she had in her hand than anyone else you will meet. She still uses her bow to hunt game, and the only way either her bow or her knife will ever be turned on a human being again is if a child is threatened. "We've both had to kill before. Those people haunt our nights, even now, even though there was no other choice at the time. "Everyone of our generation has memories of the Reaping, of waiting to hear if your name would be called, if it would be someone you knew, someone you loved. "There are very few of us that remember being a child in the Arena, of fighting for your life against other children who just wanted to survive. "That's why we need to share our story." They pause long enough for me to know they are done. One look tells me that the Grandons aren't going to be asking any questions right now, that they have too much to think about. "So we're all good?" I ask. Both couples had forgotten that I was still there. I'm rarely silent that long. Murmurs of assent come from everyone. Peeta says "We'd like it if you and your children came to our house for dinner tonight. I didn't get a chance to see what Katniss brought home from hunting this morning, but I'm certain it will make a good meal, with plenty to share." Katniss's smiles as she looks at her husband, and then echoes his invitation. "How does roasted rabbit sound?" Beth agrees. They set a time and we all go to spend some time with our own children, who are safe from the Games that were not a game, thanks to the sacrifices of many. I wonder if, next time they hear screams at night, they will wake thankful for everything that was lost to keep their children safe. One year later It's a beautiful Sunday, and the children gather to play. Parents are out in front of the houses, enjoying the weather and the sounds of children playing. Once again, there is a child new to the community, and once again, the suggestion is made. "Let's play Hunger Games! I'll be the District 3 Tribute". Peeta looks at his wife, and recognizes the tight grip on the railing of the porch. He's used it to maintain his control many times. She's holding it together, waiting to see what happens. He puts a hand on her, ready to step in to stop the children, to stop her, to comfort her if she collapses. All around the square, parents look up, trying to decide what they need to do now. Then a voice comes from the group of children. The others step back, and the dark haired girl has a confidence that makes her look older and taller than her 8 years. She says "I'll be the Mockingjay, leading the revolution so that there will be no more Hunger Games." Her voice reverberates across the square as she asks "Who is with me?", and with a sweeping glance over the group, jogs away to another corner. Most of the children follow her. Not all, but the ones that are left look a little dazed as well. Peeta smiles at Katniss. All the adults are looking at her, there is no doubt that Rosemary is her mother's daughter. Author's Note: I'm new at this, and feedback is gratefully accepted. I'll give a big Thank You to Titania (ct522) for her beta reading. Thank you to everyone reading.