I think she will be taken from me forever. As I come to from my daydream and shock, I realise everyone near me had turned to stare at me. My face is on the big screens either side of the stage. What is going on? Two peacekeepers come through the crowd. They grab me by the arms, forcing me through the crowd towards the stage. As I begin to realise what is going on, panic sets in. I glance nervously over to Finnick, who's almost in tears. This confirms my worst fears. I am to become a tribute. I walk the stairs onto stage alone, with all of District 4 watching on, applauding me. I know the applause is forced; secretly they're all pleased it wasn't them or their son that was chosen. They just have to cheer me on. It's either that or get shot, and not many would choose the latter. As I arrive on stage, I finally get to see what my escort, Flavius Blacklock, looks like close up. I find it so ridiculous what the Capitol men and women look like, though they live in a world without pain, without suffering, where the most important decision is to decide what hair goes with your eyebrows, or whom to spend a fortune donating to in the next Hunger Games. A life of relaxation and entertainment. What all of us in District 4 would give for that. Due to this, despite Flavius Blackstock being of middle age, he appears to be doing everything possible to conceal it. His light brown hair appears to be dyed with blonde streaks, which tails off to a point at the nape of his neck. His clothes seem to be made of some fabric I can't name, from black trousers to a white high-collared jacket, with the Capitol Seal emblazoned on the chest. His face seems to be showing no signs of ageing, and it is easy to spot that he is wearing layers of make-up due to dark patches that contrast too strongly under his eyes. As I approach him, he holds out a hand, and we shake hands. I notice there is a gold ring on his hand when I shake it. Gold! Real gold! How Capitol people can flaunt their wealth everywhere is a mystery. Evidently gold is next to nothing for them if they are wearing it to the Reaping. A golden ring would give a whole family in District 4 enough money to never have to work again. But that's the way this cruel, cruel world is. As my hand pulls away, I briefly look into his eyes, expecting to see hatred and disgust. Instead, I see something akin to kindness, catching me off guard. What must he think of me? I must appear sullen and unforgiving to him. But then again, I'm the one being paraded to my death at the hands of a foreign youth in an unknown arena hundreds of miles from home, not him. I am escorted by two peacekeepers to the back of the stage, whilst Flavius conducts the draw for the mentors. Mentors are past Victors who are there to help guide their tribute to victory, and to secure sponsors for them in the arena. Each tribute will have one, a boy for the boy, a girl for the girl. The girls' draw passes quickly as I'm still dealing with the shock of both Maddie and myself being chosen at the Reaping. Maddie's mentor is an elderly woman who I believe was called Mags, who I know was District 4's first ever Victor, at the 11th Hunger Games. I have no idea how she survived them, though. No doubt Maddie will be armed with her techniques, though. Many tributes often act as puppets of their mentors once in the arena. And then we move on to the boys. I've almost got control of my emotions now, and I need to pay attention; my mentor could mean the difference between life and death. I think there's a possible seven to choose from, most of which have won in recent years; Lady Luck has been on District Four's side, lately. "Finnick Odair." I'm out of control again. Before I know it I'm on my knees, coughing and retching, spitting phlegm onto the stage. I feel sick, and I want out. This doesn't seem fair at all. Now, when my blood-stained corpse is returned home within the next two weeks, it will all be on Finnick's conscience. That he has killed his best friend. With the help of two peacekeepers who haul me up to my feet, I walk slowly to the front of the stage to greet my mentor, who's actually younger than I am. Flavius glances over his shoulder at me and gives me a look of genuine concern. Maybe I've judged him wrong, and he is actually considerate towards the tributes, but even if he is, there's too much going on in my head for me to care. I shake Finnick's hand as I greet him, slightly pleased that there will be a constant in the mad world I will surely be entering. Then, as customary, the two tributes are to end the Reaping by shaking hands before being escorted into the Justice Building. There are tears in my eyes now, and I've given up hope of trying to hide it. But, as I turn and grasp tightly to Maddie's proffered hand, I can't even bear to look at her. Just the thought of her makes me feel so helpless and afraid. And the full implications of the games hit me, and I'm almost paralysed with shock. I exchange a glance with Finnick, and see his eyes full of pity, stinging with tears. He's realised it too. If I am to survive the Hunger Games, the girl I love must die. A/N: One chapter down, twenty-six to go. More will be added soon. Any feedback is appreciated, constructive criticism is welcome :)