10 armed with swords, all thoughts of violence leave the tributes that remain, only to be replaced with fear. I see the boy from District 12, who must be sixteen or seventeen, drop his knife and turn to run, eager to make a quick escape into the meadow. All around him lies a scene of mass destruction, the grass littered with the limp bodies of dead tributes. Nine or ten in total. And two well-armed older tributes in the form of myself and District 10 are coming his way. All the other tributes are in a frenzy, running every which way to leave the cornucopia. The widespread panic has caused most to abandon their weapons and flee. I can see that a young girl with long black hair has kept possession of a knife as she vanishes into the meadow. District 10 picks up the spear that had been dropped by the little girl. Out in the light of day, I can get a better look at my ally. He must stand just under six feet tall, with very pale skin and a short crop of black hair. He's on the slender side of normal weight, but not skinny. Holding the spear, I can see his black, cold, calculating eyes flit from target to target. Then he launches the spear, and I watch it sink into the back of a small, ashen-skinned boy, who collapses to the floor, screaming. Dying, but not dead yet. I follow District 10 the fallen boy, who's still screaming. As we walk, the other tributes disperse. I pass over the body of a young dark-skinned girl, a gash in her throat. How old was she? Twelve? Thirteen? Certainly no older than fifteen. Whatever her age was, it's not old enough. Not old enough to die. Not by a long way. Of all the methods that the Capitol could use to make the districts suffer, I can't imagine anything more twisted than forcing the nation to watch its young kill each other off. How anyone could even consider letting this happen is a mystery. Of course, this is just a sick machine of revenge, brought upon us by the hated and feared Capitol. We reach the fallen boy together, and my ally pulls a short knife from his belt that I never knew he had. He kneels over the whimpering child, ready to slit his throat. Then he has second thoughts, stands up and hands the knife to me. "Go on then, Four." he says, trying to test me. "You do it." He wants me to kill the helpless boy on the floor. He's going to die, anyway. The spear has punctured through the front of his chest. There's no point in causing him any more harm. But if I can't kill, I'm of no use to the boy from District 10. If I don't kill, I'm sure he'll try to kill me. As doubts begin to fill my mind, I find nothing but hate building up against my so-called ally. No doubt he will betray me. Probably by sunset. I shouldn't stay with him for long. He's forcing me to kill, and, if I'm honest, if anyone should lie dead, it should be him. How many has he killed already? Five? Maybe more. He deserves to be dead. Plus, I don't want such a ruthless murderer up and about if I can help it. I bend down, putting the knife to the boy's throat. But then I turn quickly and throw the knife at the boy from Ten. Considering I'm only three yards away, I'm slightly disappointed in my throw. It sunk into him just above his collarbone, and although there's no doubt he'll be in a lot of pain, I won't have damaged any major organs. My knife won't kill him. But I don't wait to find out. I watch him stagger backwards, cursing due to the pain, and I turn and run for the meadow. I crash through the chest-height grass, not caring that I leave an obvious trail behind me. No doubt he'll be after me, whether I leave a trail behind me or not. But I don't look back to find out. All I want is to be out of there. The 1st Annual Hunger Games lasted a total of seventeen days, and had large periods of time without much action. With only one tribute in the arena having had any form of military training, very few of the tributes were willing to risk going into action. Most encounters resulted in both tributes fleeing from each other during the first week, as the pool of tributes was cut down into single figures. Two tributes stood out immediately as contenders in the Games; the males from Four and Ten, who had temporarily allied on the first day. The male from District 7 was a strong contender for the first five days, until he was killed in his sleep by the girl from District 1, who was in turn killed by the boy from District 10. For three days the arena was down to two tributes, with Fraser and the boy from District 10 wandering the grasslands in search of each other, until they finally met with each other half a mile from the cornucopia. Both tributes had suffered injuries during their two weeks in the arena, but in the end the difference was Fraser's military training, crowning him the victor of the 1st Annual Hunger Games. A/N: Please review! I'm intrigued as to what you think of the concept, plus the actual quality of my writing. As with all my stories, constructive criticism is welcome :) P.S. I should note that all author's notes after this chapter are written at the time of publishing, and won't be edited afterwards, so some of them may refer to events or competitions that are no longer relevant or important, if you're catching up with this story rather than reading it as it is being posted.