"I'm sorry." She said, unable to hold his gaze. He let out a sigh, leaning his head back against the wall. "Yeah, I know." Gale didn't take the security job. Paylor offered him a few more times, but he turned down all of them. After the third time Paylor decided to put his talents to other uses - his and Katniss'. The new regime wanted a detailed map of the Districts and the surrounding areas, so they recruited them to be cartographers. This essentially amounted to Gale and Katniss exploring the woods farther than they had ever dared. The two had jumped at the chance and for two years they walked the woods, hunting and mapping the area until there was no area that they didn't know by heart. The night was cool - much more comfortable than the day had been - and their fire had died out long ago, but Katniss didn't need the light to see by tonight. The full moon and vast sea of stars was enough on a night like this. Everything was awash in silver, even the lake they camped by was nothing by a reflection of the sky, making her feel like she could float away and be lost among the stars forever. Gale's arm tethered her to the world, as he always did in the years after the war. They had found this lake last year. It was a ten day hike directly south of the district, and as soon as they found it, the two hunters had fallen in love. As they continued their explorations of the area, they always made sure to stop by during their excursions. With a steep rock wall on one side and deep, crystal water it seemed like a private paradise made just for the two of them. "Let's build a house." Gale said. His hand that had been drawing patterns on her hand stopped, squeezing her bicep gently. Katniss shifted in his arms to look at him. "What?" "Let's build a house. We're done with Paylor's job and we have nothing else lined up, so let's build a house here." "Gale..." She started, but he cut her off. "Just here me out." He said, sitting up. His grey eyes shown in the moonlight as he talked. "We'll build a cabin here. There's plenty of game, more than is by the districts, and we can come here in the summer and hunt. We'll save the pelts and sell them to District 8. The furs are a luxury item, so we'll make plenty of money and then we can stay in 12 the rest of the year living off the profits." Looking at him, Katniss was struck with a sense of deja vu. Gale looked the same as he did the day she was reaped - hopeful and determined. "Our cabin." She whispered, looking out over shinning water. "I like the sound of that." Gale's hand reached out to hers. "I guess third time's the charm." He chuckled. Katniss frowned, turning her hand so that their fingers intertwined. "What do you mean?" "You and I kept on trying to run away to the woods, but we never seemed to make it. There were just too many things in the way." Katniss nodded. The reapings, their families, the Capitol, the war. They had too many ties, too many obstacles. "There's nothing to stop us now." "No, there isn't." Gale said and she could see the smile on his face. It was the smile he saved for her and the woods. She half expected him to scoop her up and twirl her around like he had in her father's cabin outside of 12. That had been the first time Gale had told her that he loved her. She hadn't seen it coming then, but she should have. It had been in everything he did, coloring his words and actions. During the war it had been suffocating, a feeling that she couldn't comprehend let alone share. He hadn't pushed for a relationship after the night of the hospital gala. They had both made their expectations clear and he had respected her boundaries but somewhere along the way 'her future' had become 'their future', 'her life' had become 'their life' and 'her home' had become 'their home'. Katniss couldn't put a finger on when it happened, only that it had. "You know people are going to talk if we move off into the woods together." Gale said, his smile shifting into a sly grin. "They already do." She grinned back. "Besides, most of the rumors are right." "I don't know what rumors you're listening to but..." He trailed off. Whatever witty retort he had lined up for her was lost as he looked into her eyes. He always knew what she was thinking, saying he could read her expressions like words on a page. She could see the way his grey eyes darted across her face now and she hoped he was right. She could say the words - three little words - that would remove any confusion but those particular words seemed to catch in her throat, making it impossible to say anything at all. Slowly the smile returned, beaming and bright, followed by a laugh and a hug and a kiss. It wasn't like the kisses they had shared before - tasting of tears and desperation. This was sweet and gentle and patient. They had no reason to rush and no reason to hide. "Oh Catnip." Gale whispered between kisses and her heart clenched at the endearment. She hadn't heard it in over three years and she had missed it. Warmth blossomed in her and she hungered for more - more words, more promises, more him . "Say it again." She gasped, pulling back from him. "Catnip." He said, chasing her lips. She let him catch her, breathing in the life that he offered. Gale was alive - so very alive - and she was ready to be too.