as I always have done; short with a slim build, bright blue eyes and blond hair. Not silvery blond, not a dirty blond, just blond. It's been a while since I've cut it, so now it almost reaches my shoulders at the back, the fringe just in danger of covering my eyes. I should probably do something about it soon. Likewise the hair on my face. I'm at that age where my body can't quite decide whether it wants to let me grow a beard or not, so it's kind of settled somewhere halfway to give me this thin, fluffy moustache that seems to look worse the more that I look at it. I decide that the next thing I need to do is have a shave. Looking down from the mirror, I look at the mantelpiece just below it, the place where I keep my five most possessions, always there on show so that I can never forget them, as if I ever would. The first is arguably the easiest to explain. A photograph taken four summers back, when I was just twelve years old. My family, standing together in front of our hose, where my dad still lives today. My dad, of course, is fine, and I'll debate that I am too, but my mother died last summer during the 66th Hunger Games. I was in the arena when she died, in the Capitol when the funeral was held. The fourth and final face in the picture is that of my sister Bellatrix, or Bella for short, who was aged sixteen at the time. When she turned eighteen she applied to be a part of the draft - a group of thirty or so young men and women with essential trades who are sent to live and work in the Capitol. I was told she was sent to the Capitol to become a fashion designer, although I was still surprised when she showed up in the Hunger Games nine months later as the stylist for the boy from District 12. But that's her job now - she's a part of the show. The second item on my mantelpiece is a simple one - a small silver brooch that I gave Finnick to wear into the arena when he volunteered for the 65th Annual Hunger Games. A year later, it became my token also, as I followed in my best friend's footsteps and Finnick (then acting as my mentor) returned it back to me. Having reminded both of us of each other through without a doubt the most torturous ordeals of our life, the brooch has come to stand for everything that our long friendship means to each other. The third object is the simplest of them all, and although it is only something that I have had for the past six months, it is too important to lie idly about somewhere. It is a faded photograph of a girl called Madelaine Harper, who used to live down in the docklands not far from where my dad worked. I say used to because she got reaped for the Hunger Games the same year I did. Being my age, I'd known her for years from school. She was one of the oldest and closest friends that I had. I was really close to her before the 66th Games. Loved her, even. It almost broke me when I was the one who had to ease her out of this life at the end of the Games. My stomach still ties itself in a knot when I think of that fateful day. The fourth object comes, by extension, as a consequence of the third. It is a wooden carving of a herring gull that I made about four months ago. My finest work to date. After the arena, victors are expected to pursue a talent; something that they can show the public to prove that they don't just spend all their days sitting around twiddling their thumbs. I suppose a little craftsmanship never harmed anyone, anyway. It's actually quite fun at times, when you can get into it. However, the fifth and final item on my mantelpiece is undoubtedly the most important, taking pride of place in the centre. A golden band two centimetres high and nine inches across, decorated with simple patterns for embellishment; a crown of sorts. I have only ever worn it once, when I was awarded it by President Coriolanus Snow in front of the entire nation. Carved on the inside of the crown is the one fact about me that everyone seems to remember. Awarded to Ludovic Robertson of District Four, victor of the Sixty-Sixth Annual Hunger Games, aged fifteen years, ten months and fifteen days. And that pretty much sums up who I am. A victor. A killer. A murderer. But more than that, a boy who's been flung into a world of fashion, celebrities and politics that he barely understands, where every person in that world wants to know his every move. Such is the nature of the Capitol. It is one of the many drawbacks of winning the Hunger Games. However, there is one true positive; you get to stay alive. A perk that only eleven living people can claim to have in District 4. And I'm one of them. Living in Victors' Village as I do, I've gotten to know the lot of them; a whole group of people as broken and troubled as I am. We're a family of sorts; a family of murderers, misunderstood by society and those around us. We're like a large, dysfunctional family. But we all muddle through together, somehow. And they're a good lot, really. Once you get past the fact that they've all stabbed, shot, strangled or otherwise disposed of multiple kids in their youth. I glance up at the clock in the living room. I only have a short while before the birthday celebrations are scheduled to begin. Time to go and meet them all.