love that" Effie said after reciting the last lines of the film. "Now, the time has come for us to select one courageous young man and woman for the honour of representing District 12 in the 74th Annual Hunger Games. As usual, ladies first" ahh, ever the woman for manners. Effie walks over to the glass ball that contains the names of all the girls in District 12 and dips her hand in. She searches around for a few seconds and then pulls up the slip. She walks back up to the microphone and opens it up, reading the name. "Primrose Everdeen!" she calls. No. Not little Prim. It was only a couple of hours ago that Thorne had comforted Katniss on how she was unlikely to be picked and yet here she was. Her name had been called and with fear in her baby blue eyes, Prim walks up, tucking in her shirt as she did, and then he see's Katniss surge forward. "Prim! Prim!" the Peacekeepers move to restrain her. "I volunteer! I volunteer" she said and he can't hold the sadness in his eyes when he hears her say two words that could best correspond with the words 'death sentence'. "I volunteer as Tribute" she said. "Uh, I believe we have a volunteer" Effie sounds shocked. The first volunteer in District 12 history. Thorne watched as Prim clung to her sister, screaming for her sister as Gale heads out to carry her away from Katniss and back to her mother. Her cries are heart wrenching to hear as Katniss walks up to the stage with an emotionless mask on her face. She introduces herself and when Effie asks if that was her sister she replies that it was. "Let's have a big hand for our very first volunteer, Katniss Everdeen" Effie is the only one to applaud. Thorne, along with everyone else raise their three middle fingers to their lips and hold them out toward her as a sign of respect. Used in funerals as a farewell for loved ones as well as showing respect to someone who had done something so valiant. "And now, for the boys" Effie announces. Thorne's breath hitches ever so slightly as she walks over to the bowl containing all the male Tribute names. She's quick to put her hand in and quickly draws a slip out. She opens it quickly and reads the name. "Thorne Oakfield!" His heart drops. This was it. He could hear his mothers sobs behind him, however he gives himself a moment to compose himself before stepping out of the gathered boys. He was not going to give the audience watching in the Capitol the satisfaction of seeing his closely guarded emotions. He steps onto the stage and stands to Effie's right. "And here are your Tributes!" she announces. "Happy Hunger Games. And may the odds be ever in your favour" she says before they are ushered into the Justice Building. He waits by the window, leaning against the wall with his arms folded across his broad chest when the doors open and he turns to see who it is. He's immediately wrapped in a tight embrace from his mother and he wraps his arms around her shaking frame. Thorne allows a few tears to escape as he just holds her for a few moments. "My boy" she whispers when she pulls away to look at his face. "Mother" he whispers back. "You make sure you try to come back" she said and he nodded. He would try to come back for his parents. His father then steps up and holds him close. His father very rarely displayed his emotions unless it was with his wife and his soon. He pulls away and smiles, gray eyes sad. "This is yours now" he said, pulling something out of his pocket. It's a simple silver chain with a wolf pendant. It's been in the family since his father was little and now it was been passed down to him as his Token. His father attaches it to his neck and then looks at it on him. "The perfect person to wear it" he whispered. "I'm going to come home. For the both of you" he said resolutely, grabbing them both in a tight hug, They had to leave soon and he allowed more tears to fall as he gently stroked the pendant that rested on his chest. He was about to turn back to the window when the doors opened once more and he was enveloped in strong arms that could only belong to Gale. He pulled away and noticed the tear streaks in the normally stoic hunters gray eyes and he wipes them away. "Katniss, is she-?" he was cut off. "She's holding together" he reassured, cupping his hands in his cheeks. "Oh Gale, how am I going to do this? What if it came down to me and her?" he asked. "I can't really answer that for you" he said. "Make sure that either one of you comes back, you got it?" he asked and the other nodded resolutely. "You're so much like a brother to me" he said and the other smiled. "You're the brother I never had" he said, voice barely level. Gale places a gentle kiss on his forehead and holds him close once more before the Peacekeeper tells him that his time is up. Gale makes the promise that he would bring game for his family so they didn't starve and he was left alone with his thoughts. Soon his last hour in District 12 is up and he's ushered out of the Justice Building by Peacekeepers who escort him and Katniss to a car with Effie. They make it to the train station in silence and after making it through the reporters they board the luxurious train that would transport them to the site of their death: the Capitol. Up next: The train ride. Meeting Haymitch. The Capitol. Remake Centre. Tribute Parade.