little smirk, "Haymitch was a vital agent in the rebellion. He's the only one here who's been an officer. Maybe he's the man for the job." Haymitch was flummoxed by the change in demeanor. Now the expressions of doubt were slowly turning into something more considering. "No!" he said. "Wouldn't you represent the highest ability this District has to offer?" said a man Haymitch had never seen before; a refugee, surely. "A Victor of the Quarter Quell, and a high-ranking rebel. You've got the knowledge and experience." "Who are you?" Haymitch demanded. "Where'd you come from? Don't you assume things." "Like that you'd be capable?" said the man, amused. "Yeah!" Haymitch waved the flask to remind them just who was the town drunk around here. Katniss piped, "I think it's a great idea," like the brat she was. Her tiny smile was sardonic, but it was in earnestness that Hazelle and others began murmuring their support. He looked at their faces and couldn't believe what he saw there. Did they actually think he'd be inspired by their faith in him? "You're just trying to avoid talking about Peacekeepers!" he hollered. "You're all putting it off." It was true enough, but he could see Peeta wasn't pressing the point. Yet. Haymitch realized this was a victory for the bread boy, pitiful as it was. He swore and was irritated that it only made Jonner laugh. Haymitch swore all the way back to his house, with Peeta and Katniss trailing behind him. He sourly pretended not to see the light, parting kiss Katniss gave Peeta's cheek before slipping away through the dark. Where was all her dispproval now? On hold, just like Jonner's, relieved at this patchwork remedy for the time being. She didn't want Peacekeepers either, what did Loverboy think of that? Haymitch had gone in there on no one's side, yet this had all gotten upended on the only neutral party. Peeta followed Haymitch into his house, the older man mentally willing his little minions to sic Peeta. But they didn't, they never did. "Can't you make your way home, or do I have to find that for you too?" asked Haymitch. His foul mood had no effect. Peeta's expression was deceptively mild. "Are you really so mad?" "At getting reaped into this?" "That's not fair," said Peeta. "It really ain't. I sure didn't volunteer." The point was: Haymitch did not want to do this. He'd made a point of doing as few things that he didn't want to do that he could since his own Hunger Games. He couldn't understand why the town wanted him to do this. Why did people turn to Victors, even now? What about surviving a massacre made anyone fit to lead? He had done his fucking duty as a mentor, that was his Victor's penance. He'd even fought the Capitol. No one deserved to expect anything more of him. They sat at the cluttered table. The litter of Haymitch's penance lay around them. "You owe me, Haymitch," Peeta said sternly. He never played this card. Haymitch regarded him, flask in hand. " This is what you're calling in a favor over? The murder of a Peacekeeper?" "A refugee," Peeta pointed out. "You don't know what he ran from." "Is it exhausting to be so obsessively good?" Haymitch spat at him. Peeta frowned back, irritated. "No. I walk along and trip on the sudden need to be idiotically noble. It's not as though I have to put aside my hangups same as you. It's just some nervous tic ." Feeling defensive, Haymitch leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms. The bottle in his hand made this difficult. "Rebellion over," he insisted. "My work is done." "Now who's naïve?" "I didn't say you were naïve, just a bloody altruist." Haymitch studied the stains on his ceiling. "Why are you so dead set on me doing this?" "Because for once, just once ," said Peeta furiously, leaning forward, "you're going to do something for me, for my sake, not Katniss's or the rebellion's or whatever." Haymitch had wondered whether the boy was ever bitter about that. Every sacrifice ever made for the Mellark kid had been on behalf of Katniss or the war, not on the merit of his own worth. People liked Peeta, but they'd never needed him. Not like they needed Katniss. The jackass had him. For a moment Haymitch hated the kid. Haymitch scowled at his kitchen table. Then he muttered, "Fine. But!" He held up a finger before Peeta could smile. "Don't you think I'm running around on my own, playing detective like some lunatic." "I'll help you," said Peeta. "Then why am I doing this at all?" "Because I'm not running around on my own, playing detective like some lunatic." When this failed to draw a snort from Haymitch, he rolled his eyes and added, "You lack the conviction, but you've got authority." "There's no authority 'round here, wasn't that the point of this night?" "Clout, whatever." Now that he was certain of Haymitch's assistance, Peeta looked more relaxed. "They doubt me." It was said without spite. Haymitch wondered, detachedly, if he'd come to despise Peeta one day. He saw the breach in his mind, like bright threads reaching far into the future and suddenly snapping. Rebuild homes and businesses and population all you wanted, you couldn't reconstruct a person the same way, and Peeta refused to understand that Haymitch might want to stay dilapidated. But if the time ever came, this wasn't it. He'd help Peeta with this damn thing, and he'd tolerate the kid and go on tolerating him for as long as the threads would yield. "I'll start in the morning. Alright? Go away." ... ... I haven't written fic in a while but I had scraps of this story floating around my computer and figured I'd update in the spirit of the new movie. This is Haymitch and Peeta centric, with some Katniss for good measure.