condition." Annie struggled against him, but she wasn't strong enough to get away. "No, there's nothing wrong with me! Give me back my baby, you monsters!" She spotted Margaret peeking out from the other side of the doorway, and she tried to appeal to the child. "Maggie, sweetie, do you know where Ronan is? Do you know where your mommy and daddy put him?" "Maggie, go back to your room. Aunt Annie's not feeling very well right now." She clawed at his arm. "No, Maggie! Where is he? Tell me, please!" Her throat felt raw, and though her hands continued to fight, Annie knew she was drowning. The monsters, the ones she thought she had buried away forever, clawed at her, dragging her down into her own personal hell with them. "Please, please, call the police," she cried. "Tell them I can't find my baby, that I need them to help me." "Clodagh's getting you help right now, Annie. Don't worry. The doctors will have you feeling better in no time. It's just the stress of the holidays. Relax. You're going to be okay." His voice was soothing, and she was so very tempted to give into it, to forget that Ronan ever existed and wait patiently for the doctors to fill her up with morphine so she could never think again. It all sounded so nice like that. Floating on a sea of drugs and dreams, never to think or be heard of again. The world had no need for Annie Cresta Odair. It had shown that time and time again already. Wouldn't' it be best for everyone if she just disappeared? "She's in here. My husband has her subdued, but she's very angry. She seems to think we stole her baby." Groggily, as if from a dream, she heard footsteps coming from the other room. They didn't need to worry about her anymore. She wasn't really a person now, just a shell that the waves could kick away, do with as they pleased. "And where is Mrs. Odair's baby?" "That's the thing, doctor. She doesn't have one." "Just relax, Annie. This'll hurt for a second, but I promise it will make things much better in the long run." Annie wanted to argue to tell them that she did have a baby, and his name was Ronan, and he had green eyes like his father's, and his smile was the last thing she thought about before she went to sleep each night, but the drugs were too powerful, too fast. Her words went unspoken, and that made for a very worrisome situation indeed. Over the next few days, they repeated the lies so many times that Annie began to wonder if they were true. She had never had a baby. She lived in the Victors Village alone and had since the end of the war. But they were lies. They had to be. She could not have invented a pregnancy, imagined nights spent rocking Ronan back to sleep, only dreamt her joy and pride as Ronan grew, learning and maturing with every day. What do you remember from just before Christmas? they asked. They were always so concerned for her, by her. What do you remember from before you invented your son? Her answers, though she always gave them the truth, never satisfied them, and they would ask again, and again, until she had little choice but to agree with them, to tell them the answers they had already decided on. Sometimes, she asked questions of her own, and she had become adept at guessing what their answers would be. Did Officer Norton remember the crash? No, while there was an Officer Norton on the force, he had no recollection of the incident, and the police had no documentation of such an event occurring. Did she buy a new car on the nineteenth from the dealer next to the train station? Again, no. No purchases had been recorded for that day, nobody at the dealership remembered seeing her, and they did not have the car that she had traded in for scrap. No insurance had ever been purchased for the vehicle she claimed she bought. The towing company had never moved a junked car away from the scene of her crash. It took five days to convince them she was well enough to go outside. It was New Year's Eve, she had argued, her last chance to be outside before the new year. She chose not to mention that it may very well be her last chance to be outside ever. It had taken quite a bit of nudging for Doctor Cairen to sign off on it. Even then, the woman insisted that a nurse stay by her side at all times. She did not argue. It wouldn't do any good, and Annie suspected that the end result wouldn't change much whether she was alone or not. In the center of town, in front of the now-defunct Justice Building, there had long stood a granite monument that listed the names of Four's Victors. When she was in training, Annie had occasionally come to this spot and admired it, imagining what her name would look like up there with the others. She ran her fingers over the space below Finnick's name, and watched as the words Annie Creta disappeared, the etched letters returning to smooth stone. "Claire, come look at this," she called to the nurse. When the woman did not respond, Annie walked over to her, repeated herself, put a hand on, then somehow through her shoulder. It shouldn't have surprised her, not really. Absence or existence, life or death, real or not real. Why had she chosen for so long to deal in such absolutes? Reality was a flexible thing; surely, it could accommodate them all. A/N: This fic was inspired by the 1959 Twilight Zone episode "And When the Sky Was Opened". I'd highly recommend giving it a look sometime. The title comes from the Beatles song.