you here, love. I thought you'd still be with Coral and Derrick." She whirls towards the source of the voice, and her stomach sinks. "Happy to see me again?" When he smiles, she can see the fangs. "I was worried that I wasn't going to see you tonight. Your sister doesn't think you're real." Annie smiles up at him and reaches out to touch his hand. Cold, like death, it's everything she expects. She suppresses a shudder, struggling to keep the smile on her face. His hand wraps around hers. "But you've always been smart. You knew better." "Yes, I knew you'd never leave me." "But yet you attacked me." She tries to pull away, but now his hand is vise-like around her wrist. "No, Annie, you aren't leaving. You don't get to attack me and try to dig up my grave and escape unharmed." "Why did you come back? Why couldn't you have just stayed dead?" Annie knows she should scream for her own safety, but she keeps her voice even. If he leaves here, she has no doubt that his next destination will be Coral's house. She struggles against him to add to the effect. His green eyes, which were always so warm and gentle when he was alive, now are cold and harsh. "I'm not the Finnick I used to be. I have no use for him. But you…" He looks up and down her body, appraising every inch of her, "You, I'm sure, I could find a purpose for." The man that used to be Finnick drags her a little closer. "Wh-what are you going to do to me?" She doesn't have to fake the fear in her voice. If only I could move him a little this way. Annie pulls away from him, and, thankfully, he steps forward to again hold her against him. He doesn't answer, instead pushing her hair over her shoulder to bare her neck. His lips press against the side of her face first before he leans down further to caress the large vein on her neck, the exact ritual he has performed every night in her dreams. Now, though, what seemed so loving and intimate turns into a nightmare, a sick mutation of what their relationship had once entailed. Annie forces herself not to struggle as his fangs break through the delicate skin. Finnick smiles against her neck as he sucks, not allowing a single drop to escape and run down her neck. Though disgusted, she holds his head flush against her neck with one hand as she reaches towards her bag with the other. Her jaw tightens as she reaches the item she has been looking for. The odious white flowers will only scare him away, but this should banish the vampire forever. Already, her vision narrows, and her grip is not as strong as it was just a few minutes prior, but Annie gathers all the strength she can to send the stake through Finnick's back. He releases her with a horrible, high-pitched shriek. Annie pulls the stake from his back and plunges it in again. Finnick managed to grab one of her arms, but she's not finished yet. Again and again, Annie stabs the vampire, not stopping even when he has collapsed to the ground. She arranged the stake carefully over his heart. He's almost certainly already dead, but when the tip of the stake pierces his heart and blood seeps from around the edges of the stake, she knows he will never come back to haunt her family. With gentle hands, she shuts the man's eyelids. "I really do love you, and I always will" she whispers into the night. Annie sits there for long minutes as she considers what to do next. Eventually, she pushes herself off the ground and wipes her hands on her pants. There are still a few hours before dawn, and there's no reason that anyone has to know what happened here tonight. As she drags him through the two blocks of brick roads that separate the alleyway from the graveyard, Annie tries to think of a reasonable explanation to give everyone for the pile of freshly-dug earth over his grave. She shrugs when she pushes his body back into the hole she created this afternoon. Nobody will doubt that the mad Victor had a fit that led to erratic behavior. Even she isn't quite willing to say that this isn't a hallucination. She throws the first shovel full of dirt back over the body. She has a lot to do before sunrise. "I just needed to figure some things out for myself. Don't worry, I have it all taken care of now. I won't be seeing anything like that again." It's enough to convince Coral that she's ready to take care of Ronan again. True, she does ask Annie to continue to stay with them for a couple more days, just to be sure, but she can live with that. When Ronan is older and he goes through the silly phase of believing in ghosts the way all children do, Annie does what her own mother did and assures him that the supernatural is nothing more than the imagination playing tricks on people. It's almost always true, after all, and she's wise enough now to know that almost always true is as close to certainty as the living can come. Even she's not certain the ordeal was more than the product of stress and heat. He never asks about the twin scars on the side of his neck, and Annie is glad that she doesn't have to choose between lying to him and telling the truth. She still plants flowers on Finnick's grave, and she still means it every time she whispers that she loves him. A/N: This was originally posted as a chapter of Memories of Us, but I thought it made more sense to have this as a stand-alone story. Thanks for reading! I hope you enjoyed it.