others." She smiled at him. "Do you mind if I sit with you for a while?" He scooched over on his narrow bunk, and the woman sat down beside him. "Are you truly alright, Finnick?" she asked, this time in a much softer voice. Tears threatened to spill down his face. "It'll be fine, lad. Don't hold it all in, Finnick. That will only crack you later. Trust me; it takes ten times as long to put yourself back together as it does to fall apart." Finnick thought he was already cracking. One drop rolled down his face, and he sniffed. "I just want to go back home. I don't know if I'll ever see them again." "Love, every time we part with someone, whether it's for a minute or a year, we never know if we're going to that person again. The future isn't ours to know." She patted his back, and Finnick scooted closer to her. "Do you any children or grandchildren? Will they miss you?" As soon as the words left his lips, Finnick wished he could take them back. Mam had specifically told him not to be rude, yet here he was, asking whether or not a near stranger's family loved her. The woman, however, did not seem offended and shook her head. "No, I never had any children. I do miss my sisters very much, but I doubt that they feel the same." "How many sisters do you have?" "My former sisters, I suppose," she corrected herself, "the other women who lived in my convent. I doubt they miss me much at all." Finnick nodded in understanding. "So, you're a nun, then?" "I was a nun for many years, but I am not any longer. I chose to leave fairly recently." A woman in a nearby bunk gasped and scowled at Mags, shifting her child to her other side so he was further away from the old woman. Finnick was confused, for he had never heard of a nun breaking her vows and leaving the Church, but he did not ask for any more detail. It would be impolite, certainly, and he wasn't sure what the other woman had been so scandalized by. Yes, probably best not to know. A violent wave hit the ship, and Finnick could no longer control his stomach. He vomited onto the floor, only adding to the nearly overwhelming stench of the hold. His breath came in short gasps as he tried to calm his body back to normal. He could not be sick again. It was only a waste of precious food. Yes, the crew served the passengers two meals each day, but the rations were small, not enough for eleven and thirteen-year-old boys, and the food that they had brought from home had long since ran out. "Are you all right?" his brother asked. Finnick nodded, not quite prepared to speak again. "We're all going to die. It'll sink," moaned Patrick, tightly clutching his stomach. Mags hushed him. "Don't worry your younger brother like that, Patrick O'Daire," she said. "You're older, and you ought to know better." "I'm sorry, ma'am." Patrick's face had a greenish tinge, and Finnick found himself trying to put all the distance the cramped bunk would allow between him and his brother. The woman's next words surprised him. "It's not me you should be apologizing to." Patrick turned to Finnick. "We aren't going to sink, Finnick. 'Twas daft of me to think it." He looked at Mags, who nodded, and turned back away from them. His brothers words should have been reassuring, but still, the thought of the Westward Angel slipping beneath the steely gray waves and becoming a watery grave for all on board played through his mind again and again. He saw the mast collapsing from the gales he could hear ripping against the sails, crashing to the deck and splintering the wood there. A hole opened in the side of the ship, and the sea claimed him. As soon as he dispelled that nightmare, another replaced it. In this scenario, the Westward Angel was driven so far off course by the storm that the captain became lost, and they drifted through the ocean as days became weeks, slowly dying of starvation and dehydration. Finnick shuddered. Strong but slender arms wrapped around him. "You'll be all right, child," said Mags. He leaned against her. "You're a young boy far from home. I'd be more worried if you didn't miss your old life." She brushed his hair away to look directly into his eyes. "But you must remember that good things await you in New York." "How do you know? You said that no one can know the future." She smiled. "A smart one, you are. That I did, and a good thing it is too, for we'd all be driven mad attempting to avoid tomorrow or hurrying towards a better future." "Then how can you say what I'll find in America?" "Only a feeling." She patted his hand, and when another wave hit, he went rigid. Mags pulled him against her side so that he could rest his head on her shoulder. The waves hitting the ship began to shrink, and he could no longer hear rain hitting the decks above. Finnick nestled closer against Mags as his eyelids drooped in exhaustion and his breathing became shallow and even. The woman tucked his head more comfortably against her shoulder. "Yes, yes, 'twas merely a feeling, Finnick O'Daire." .oOo. A/N: I intend for this to be quite long – probably in the range of twenty to thirty chapters of about this length. I hope you've enjoyed the first chapter and would love to know what you think of the story so far. There will be quite a time jump between this and the next chapter, which is the start of the main body of the piece. This chapter was written using the prompts 'starved,' 'progress,' and 'raindrops' from Caesar's Palace. Thanks for reading!