the nerves out, tickling enough that she giggled out loud. Her fingers felt fat and sluggish as they danced over her guitar. The object was so familiar that it might have been another limb, but holding it now, it could just as easily have come from another planet. The weight was off, the balance just not there, and when had the strings gotten so little? No matter. She'd made it through three songs. She could handle two more before she went backstage and conked out. 'Mockingjay' shouldn't be too bad. The first chords were easy. It started nice and slow, perfect for beginners and heavily-medicated Katnisses, before picking up speed. She knew what she was doing. Same thing, just faster, and faster, and faster, and then – She realized an instant too late that this was her verse. Her eyes widened, and she did her best to start mouthing along, but the damage had been done. Whispers from the crowd rolled over her in waves, and it was all she could do to not cry on stage. They struggled through that next number. She gave it everything she had – so not much – but she couldn't sell it. Because of her fuck up, both of them would be in the papers tomorrow. They'd never have a successful album. Hell, they might not even be able to record an album. Nobody would invite them on tour again. Peeta might be able to go back to his old career, but maybe not. Opportunities dried up quickly in this business, which she knew better than anyone. Katniss fell apart as soon as she got backstage. "Katniss, hey, it's no big deal. I should have told Finnick you couldn't go on. I'm so sorry." Peeta's words burned like acid over fresh wounds. He knew what she had ruined, and here he was, comforting her. If she was going to wreck something for someone, why couldn't she pick some awful person who kicked puppies or something? Why did it have to be the nicest, sweetest man she'd ever been lucky enough to meet? Haymitch was right. "Katniss, I'm really –" She kissed him. "Shut up." Another one, this time harder – and now that he had gotten over his initial shock, he responded. Peeta dragged her close, pressing her tight against his chest. One hand found her waist, and the other toyed with the ends of her braid. His heartbeat was going nuts, but so was hers, so she supposed that was fair, and she – "Hey, you two have a dressing room for that." Peeta pulled away, and she turned to glare at Haymitch. He wouldn't be cowed so easily. "Hey, if you don't want to start damage control right now, I'm gonna enjoy the concert." "It's okay, Katniss." Peeta pulled her into their shared dressing room. "It'll be okay, all of it. I promise." The worry swelled over her again. "You can't promise that." "We can avoid the internet for a couple days. It'll blow over." She closed her eyes and nuzzled up against his chest. "Maybe." At least he smelled nice. Small consolation, but she'd take what she could get. He kissed the top of her head. "Either way, we can't do anything about it now." Another thought came to her. "I'm sorry if I gave you the flu." Because she just couldn't stop screwing up today, could she? "Hey, it'll make it easier to not go online, right?" he laughed. Then his voice dropped. "But since I'm already infected, I suppose there's not anything to keep me from kissing you again, is there?" She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him down to her level. Boston, Massachusetts October 11, 2028 Local Time: 7:39 PM She'd been convinced that it was Haymitch who always edited the "Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark" page on Wikipedia, but in the two years since his death, it continued to change. Every week, some new, strange story popped up that managed to keep the basic outline of their story the same while putting them into the strangest circumstances. She rather liked this one, a fairy-tale themed story involving dragons (poor Effie), a knight in shining armor, and herself as the beautiful princess trapped in the castle of studio work while she longed to be out among the people. Pity it had to go. She copied and pasted the short version of the group's history into editing window and hit 'submit'. Nowhere near as interesting, but at least there were no beheadings in this version. Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark are an American folk-rock duo. Since the two artists began collaborating in 2015, they have released four studio albums and toured extensively. Though best known in the United States for their first single, 'Mockingjay,' and a lip-syncing controversy that occurred during a televised Finnick Odair performance, the duo has achieved great critical and commercial success in northern Europe. They are most popular in Sweden, where their third studio album 'Girl on Fire' held the number one chart position for thirty-one weeks between 2021 and 2022. The duo began dating shortly after meeting in 2015 and married on June 11, 2017 in Mellark's hometown of Boston, Massachusetts. They are parents to three adopted children: Aster Mellark (born 2019), Rye Mellark (born 2024), and Senna Mellark (born 2026). In September of 2028, Everdeen and Mellark released dates for their Everlark tour, their ninth world tour, with dates across Europe and East Asia. Only when she was reading it through for the second time did she notice that she'd forgotten to delete the prankster's last line. Katniss smiled. She highlighted it, and her finger hovered over the backspace key, but she couldn't bring herself to get rid of it. And they lived happily ever after. After all, who was she to argue with the truth? A/N: Originally posted on ms2sl . com as a part of October event. Thanks for reading! I'd love to hear what you thought!