eyes coming into focus. "Finnick." She whispers. "You came." "I didn't have much choice." He mutters, glancing back at the door. When he turns back, Katniss had drawn her knees up to herself. The shirt shifts as she clutches them and one olive shoulder sticks out. He can't tear his eyes away from what he sees - the skin is littered with large, thick scars. "It's been almost five years." She whispers, her eyes glazing over as she rests her chin on her knees. Her fingers play with the fraying edge of the shirt in a practiced manner. "Five years since I first met Snow and - He sends a bouquet of roses every year - February 12th." Finnick frowns. He knows that's not anywhere near Katniss' birthday. It also has nothing to do with the Hunger Games or the Victory tour. "What happened on February 12th?" "Snow killed Gale." She whispers. Her hands move from the edge of the shirt to her shoulders. He sees the red marks from her nails as she claws the scars. "I was going to do it. I was going to go to the Capitol and, and...but Gale he begged me not to. He told me we could protect everyone and I believed him because it was Gale. But no one knew that Cray was gone and Gale took that stupid turkey to his house. When I got to the square there was already so much blood and Gale-He wasn't moving but Thread just kept beating him. I tried to stop it, but he wasn't moving . He-" She was shaking now, and Finnick didn't think, he just reached out and gathered her into his arms. He remembered her words. "The alternative isn't worth it." Is that how Snow operates? he doesn't just kill your loved ones but he tortures them, makes you watch and then relive it every year? He always knew the man was cutthroat but even Finnick hadn't thought he would go that far. If he had said no, what would Snow have done to Mags? Images of Mags flood his mind: Mags drowning because her legs were broken and him unable to resuscitate her, Mags bleeding out from an accident at the docks while he tries to stop the bleeding, Mags out past curfew and being beaten to death while he watches. He wouldn't have survived that - and Katniss knew that. Finnick sits there, holding Katniss until she is done crying. She had tried to get a few more words out but they had dissolved into tears and unintelligible mumbles almost immediately. As the body wracking sobs finally subside, Finnick feels her reach up and touch the wet spot of his chest from her tears. "Sorry." She says into his shirt. Finnick smiles. "Don't worry. I didn't like this shirt anyways. It didn't highlight my eyes enough." He feels her laugh more then hears it. "Do you know I had hoped you were going to die in the arena?" Her arms reach around his waist and tighten. "I had known you were going to be popular, that you were going to be like me. I never wanted anyone to have to go through that. But you were so strong and Mags loved you so much..." "So you got me that trident and net." He whispered. Katniss nodded. "And I am glad I did. It's selfish - so selfish. You hurt so much and I am just glad you are here. Don't hate me. Please don't hate me." He didn't. In that moment, for the first time in months he didn't hate Katniss Everdeen. He hated Snow for putting them both through this and he hated himself for not listening to her - but not her. He realized in her broken mind that she had thought she was protecting him, that by letting him live his last two years in blissful ignorance that she was doing him a favor. And perhaps she had, but he still wish he had known. He wish she had told him. "Just promise me, no more secrets." He whispers into her hair. Katniss hugs him tighter, burying her face father into his chest. He knows she says something. He can't hear it, but he does see the nod and that is good enough for him. The months after the games are still hard. Both Finnick and Katniss don't know what to say at first. They walk on eggshells, but they are talking. Finnick calls periodically and each call is easier than the last. He feels a part of himself uncoil and return to life every time she laughs, but he knows that she is still worried that he is going to cut her out of his life. He knows though that he could never really do that. Last time he tried he had died inside and she did too. They are too tightly intertwined to ever truly let go now. He was glad to have her back, especially since the end of the games meant that he was back on the market for Snow. He would go to the Capitol for a week at a time and meet with a few people before coming back. Those weeks were hard, not just because of the appointments themselves, but because the Tribute Center didn't have phones. Those nights, all Finnick wanted to do was call Katniss, hear her voice and let her comfort him but it was impossible so he started making knots again. Katniss had sent him a new cord when he confessed he had burned the last one. This one wasn't as smooth as the last, but that would change the more he worked it. Katniss had appointments too, but they never seemed to match up. Finnick secretly believed that it was because Snow knew how important they were too each other and refused to let them meet. "Perhaps." Is all Katniss would say on the subject, but Finnick thought she felt the same too.