want for me as he presses me against the wall of the house and it warms me to my core, sending liquid fire through my veins. My hands work their way into his hair freeing it from the small bun he wears it in during work. My fingers dig into his scalp drawing out a heady moan from his lips. Gale groans when he finally - finally - pulls away and rests his head on my shoulder. "Is the cabin ready?" I nod as I gulp in large quantities of air. No matter how much I take in there never seems to be enough because Gale's hands traveling on my waist seem to steal it away. Tomorrow is Saturday and I will meet Gale in the woods instead of my house. I have been preparing the small cabin all week: stockpiling the woods, fixing the windows and door, cleaning out the hearth and setting up a small bed. Just the one. I know what it means and I am ready - more than ready. A younger me would be scandalized at what I am planning to do. I used to think Gale's hugs, warm and safe, were all I needed and then he kissed me and his kisses set light to a hungry blaze that never seems to be satisfied. A part of me is scared at what he will awaken in me tomorrow night, but I already know there is no going back. I've already lost myself to Gale. He kisses me again and it is all tongues and lips and teeth. "Tomorrow." He whispers and presses his lips to mine one last time. It takes an almost physical effort, but he pulls away and disappears around the corner. "Tomorrow," I whisper, lingering on the porch until the tingling in my lips fades. I slip into my home, ignoring the knowing smile on Prim's lips and dream. I. Union The ceremony is bigger than I thought it would be. Somehow I thought that it would just be me and Gale with our small fire and our families. As soon as the word got out that we were having a toasting it spread faster than a wildfire in summer. Looking around the house I suspected that half the Seam had packed into our small living room. Gale's friends from the mines were there along with Rooba, Ripper, Greasy Sae and most of the Hob, and of course - Madge. I blush, feeling very self-conscious, and straighten my dress again. Unlike most women in the Seam I didn't rent my dress. This was my mother's. It had been made by her grandmother and had been passed down through the generations. The white ribbon and lace are nicer than any dress I have ever worn and I feel out of place in it. A large hand reaches out to still my fingers and I look down to see Gale, still squatting by the small fire, smiling at me as he toasts a piece of bread. "You look beautiful Catnip." He says. I don't usually care about my appearance but the pleased glow in his eyes every time he looks at me makes me glad I agreed to wear the dress. He pulls on my hand gently and I kneel next to him, careful to keep the dress as clean as possible. The toast is a perfect golden brown as he removes it from the fire and he holds it out for me. "Katniss Everdeen, if you'll have me I will keep you safe and warm. You will want for nothing because I will be everything you need. I will love you until the end of my days and beyond. This I promise you. " "I will have you, Gale Hawthorne, if you will have me," I reply. "I will keep you safe and warm. You will want for nothing because I will be everything you need. I will love you until the end of my days and beyond. This I promise you. " "I will have you Catnip." He says and we share the bread. It's not sweet but it's hardy and filled with nuts and different types of grain. It's the kind of bread that fills you up and keep you going, exactly like us. When his lips brush mine a cheer echoes through the room and we are swept into a sea of congratulations and embraces. They guide us outside and take us down to the Hob where the real celebration begins. Those that couldn't pack into our tiny house have been here making preparations. I am shocked at what I see, the whole central area has been cleared away and lined with food. Bread, stew, roasts, liquor and there is even a cake. Before anyone can say anything Rooba grabs a fiddle and the music begins. Gale laughs, pulling me along as the area fills with people. "No one can say District 12 doesn't know how to have a party." No, absolutely no one could deny that. He picks me up and spins me around, my feet barely touching the ground and I can barely answer because I am laughing too hard. "I just didn't think it would be my wedding!" "Why not? The Hob is family." Gale says, "And now so are we." His eyes sparkle in the lamplight as he watches me. His eyes and his hands trace my face and I can feel his happiness shining through every action. "I love you, Mrs. Hawthorne." My heart skips a beat. Mrs. Hawthorne. It still feels weird in my mouth but the warmth of it settles in my mind easily enough. Gale and Katniss Hawthorne - together in a legally binding union. One team, one partnership, one life. Some part of me always knew that this is where we would end up, and I can't imagine it any other way because Gale is mine and I am his. Anything else is unthinkable. "I love you too Gale. Always."