an eyebrow. Did he seriously think he and his father were the only hunters in the District? Greasy Sae pointed one finger over at the Everdeens with a smirk. The old woman had a mischievous streak a mile wide. Katniss would have to remember that. Her father waved brightly at the two of them making the boy frown as his eyes settled on her. "John?" The man asked, laughing. "You hunt?" John shrugged, shoving another spoonful of Greasy Sae's stew in his mouth before standing. "Yeah," He mumbled and swallowed. "The extra coin goes a long way and it's a chance to spend some time with my daughter." He placed a warm hand on her shoulder and Katniss beamed up at him. The man raised an eyebrow. "You take your daughter out past the fence? Is that safe?" "Now you sound like Cami." John grumbled. Camille Everdeen hadn't been thrilled at the idea of her eldest going into the forest but her father had convinced her mother that it would be fine - and so far, he had been right. Katniss was learning that her father could convince her mother of most things - with a few kisses. Her mother really liked it when her father kissed her. She didn't really understand why. "She's fine. In fact, she's loves it out there. Don't you sweetheart." Katniss smiled and nodded her head. "I like the birds the best, especially when they sing." The man crouched down to Katniss' height. "You must be very brave then. What's your name." With him looking at her so directly, Katniss felt a wave of embarrassment come over her. She swallowed and mumbled, "Katniss Everdeen." "Catnip?" The boy said. Katniss glared, finding him a lot less overwhelming than his father - and a lot more annoying. "Katniss." She hissed louder. "Like the plant." The boy didn't look impressed which made Katniss more annoyed. The man stood up and ruffled his son's hair, making the boy frown more. "Well I am Marcus Hawthorne and this is my oldest son Gale." John nodded to the boy. "It's a pleasure Gale. Your father talks about you often. I hear you are going to be an older brother soon." "I'm already one with Rory, but yeah, Ma's pregnant again." "I am hoping for a daughter this time." Marcus said. "Hazelle has a hard enough time keeping the boys in line, I think it would be a nice change." "Don't be too sure." John laughs. "Katniss and Prim are a handful in a completely different way." The two men kept chatting about children and pregnancies but Gale kept staring at her. Katniss fidgeted but glared back. "What?" She finally snapped. Gale frowned more. "You're a girl." "You noticed that, huh?" She said. This boy was a real genius. "You shouldn't be outside the fence. It's too dangerous." He said it in such a matter of fact was that Katniss knew that he believed it. He was having such a hard time wrapping his head around the fact that her father had let a girl outside. She felt her face flush red in anger. She always did stupid things when she was angry, but she couldn't stop herself, she just wanted to punch him in his stupid idiot face! Since that was not lady like and her mother would yell at her, Katniss did the next best thing. She kicked him in the shin as hard as she could. "I can take care of myself!" She yelled and stormed away, knowing her father would catch up with her. She heard him yell out a 'Sorry,' before reaching her. It was amused so she knew that he wouldn't be mad with her. Katniss was glad he apologized for her, because no matter what she wasn't going to do it. "Let's not tell you mother about that one." John said, laughing all the way home. Gale's shin still ached as he ate the bowl of stew. What was wrong with that girl. "You're pouting Gale." His father said. He glared at the man too. His father had just laughed under his breath as Gale grabbed his injured leg. It wasn't funny! That girl had just randomly attacked him for no reason. She is certifiably crazy. "I am not." Gale grumbled into the soup. He wasn't, really. "Look, I promise not to spread around that a little girl got the better of you." Gale's anger rose along with the flush of his cheeks. "She didn't. I was just surprised! I only said that girl shouldn't be putting herself in that kind of situation. Did you see her? She looked like she would break if the wind blew too hard." Greasy Sae snorted. She was cleaning the two rabbits, trying to look busy, but Gale knew she was listening. She was always listening. "So you were trying to be a gentleman." His father said, his voice soft. Gale nodded. He was. His mother told him that women should be treated with respect and kindness - hadn't that been what he was doing. "Yeah." He had been the one in the right. Clearly, not that deranged girl. Perhaps that was why her father took her out to the forest, to keep her away from the rest of the district. "Katniss doesn't need a gentleman." Greasy Sae said, wiping her hands on her apron as she turned around. "And she doesn't need protection. That girl is just like her father - tough as nails." "But-" Gale started, but Greasy Sae cut him off. "No buts! She is what she is, and you just need to accept it." Gale looked at his father for support, but the old man just smiled at him. He wasn't going to give him any support. Great. Attacked by a girl, attacked by Sae and abandoned by his father to their mercies. This was not a great day. At least he wasn't going to have to deal with the devil girl again anytime soon.