spent more time with her books than the other children, but she also recalled in vivid detail being Prim's helper during a game of hide and seek in one of Thirteen's enormous storage rooms, listening carefully for any sign of her brothers then racing through a gale of laughter when Vick made a run for it. She hoped Katniss remembered that Prim too, not just the ashes that rested under a granite marker in Twelve's small cemetery. "What do you want to do there?" "I was thinking I could teach you to swim. It'll be warm enough by now that it should be pretty comfortable." Posy's eyes widened. "Really? I didn't know you could swim!" Gale had promised that she could visit him for two weeks next summer, and that he'd take her to one of the mountain springs that laced around District Two. Posy didn't know if they were deep or warm enough to swim in, but she'd like to know how just in case. "I'm taking that as a yes?" Katniss prodded. "Yeah!" Posy realized an instant later the opportunity that had presented itself. "Maybe Peeta can come with us?" Katniss' forehead crinkled when she frowned. "Why would we bring Peeta?" Posy shrugged. "He's nice." "Yeah, but he's also right about the loudest person ever." She had Katniss on a point of logic there, which was a nice change. "You said we weren't hunting, so why would it matter that he's loud?" "Point taken, but why do you want Peeta to come with us in the first place?" "Tomorrow's Sunday, so he won't be in the bakery. Maybe he'll want something to do." "You can ask him if you want." No, that wouldn't work at all. It had to look like Katniss' idea. "Maybe it'd be better if you asked him? Just so he doesn't think I'm inviting him without asking you first," she explained. "All right, I'll ask him. I'm seeing him for dinner tonight anyway." Posy mentally crossed another step off her plan. A day at the lake with no distractions? Better than she could have hoped. "You're gonna have to keep up with us, or we'll leave you behind." "And here I thought you were starting to like me," Peeta deadpanned. Posy was impressed that he still had the energy to be sassy. She had gone out into the woods with Katniss every day for close to two months, and her legs burned after three hours of hiking. The pack bumped against her back with every other step, and she bet she would find a bruise there when she got ready for bed tonight. Katniss grinned. "Well, that was your mistake." She pushed ahead, leaving Posy and Peeta behind. Mom always said that kids had too much energy, but she must never have gone hiking with Katniss. Posy leaned in closer to Peeta. "Don't worry, I'll stick around if she tries to leave you. She won't abandon both of us." "Thanks, Posy," he laughed. Then his voice dropped to little more than a whisper. "And anyway, I think we've got her. She put all the food in my pack." Posy smiled so widely that it hurt. "You have the cookies?" "Yeah, but we've got to save them for the picnic later, okay? I don't think Katniss'll kill me, but I don't really want to take the chance either." "You'd better not give me an excuse. You never know what I'll do with it." Katniss' voice wafted down from the top of the hill. "Eavesdropping isn't nice." Peeta winked at Posy, who giggled. By the time they reached the bend and Katniss came back into view, both were completely composed. "How close are we, Katniss?" She turned around. "Why don't the two of you get up here and take a look?" Posy dug into that last reserve of energy she had and jogged up to the top of the hill. Her mouth fell open when she saw the enormous expanse of blue-green before her. The sun glistened off of the water, jewel-like and beautiful. Beside the lake sat a small cabin, really more of a shack, but the little wooden frame with the faded red door looked more inviting even than the displays put up in the storefronts around New Years. "You can go on ahead," Katniss said, and her voice ripped Posy from her stupor. Without another thought, she was racing down towards the beach, heavy pack and its uncomfortable bumping completely forgotten. "Be careful with the cabin! I don't know what kind of critters might have decided to set up shop!" Besides a few dead spiders and a mouse, no animals waited inside. Posy didn't pay them any mind. A cot that reeked of mildew and was riddled with holes left by burrowing animals who thought it was comfier to sleep in a mattress rather than on top of it sat on the ground, and she collapsed onto it, wrinkling her nose at the odor that accompanied her every movement. The cot couldn't keep her interest for long. There was also a stove, which she knew better than to try to turn on without having Katniss look over first but couldn't resist poking at for a few minutes, and a chair that only ever used three of its four legs at any one point. She spent a while trying to figure out whether that was because the floor sloped or the legs weren't the same length and determined it was probably both. Realizing that neither Peeta nor Katniss had joined her yet, she started outside to check on them. She stopped at the threshold, for just a few yards away, Peeta and Katniss sat at the edge of the lake, just close enough that the waves ran over their toes, his arm around her waist, her head on his shoulder. Posy quietly moved back into the house, a smile on her face. Whether or not she learned to swim, she considered today a success.