"Oh?" Delly says. "Do you like to sing? I know Pastor Thresh is always looking for more singers. Cassandra has been wanting to start a new Prayer Team, but Thresh can't spare her from the band yet." Katniss blushes and looks at her feet. "I do like to sing," she says quietly. "But I've never sang in front of anyone besides my parents and sister." "You should come back tomorrow night," I blurt out. Katniss's eyes snap up to meet mine. "Um, that is, if you want to. We have a service tomorrow morning which is just like this one, but the services on Sunday evenings are geared more towards teens and young adults. The music's even better then!" Katniss stares at me for a few seconds, her face twisted into some sort of scowl. "All right," she says. "I'll ask my uncle if I can borrow his car." "Oh no," Delly says. "Thom and I will pick you up, just like we did tonight. Then you don't even have to bother your uncle." "Um, okay," Katniss mumbles. Then she looks up at me. "It was nice to meet you, Peeta." I can't hide the smile from my face. "It was wonderful to meet you too, Katniss. And I'm looking forward to seeing you tomorrow evening as well." Katniss nods and turns towards the door, her green chicken t-shirt dangling from her small hand. Delly follows her for a few feet before turning back to wink at me. I watch them disappear before exhaling a breath I didn't realize I was holding. "Oh Lord," I mumble to myself. Did Delly bring Katniss here just so I could meet her? Could she be the answer to my prayers? I pull my phone from my pocket as I head for the doors, opening the texting app. I'm so absorbed in what I'm doing that I almost try to exit out through the window next to the door instead of the door itself. [PEETA] Hey. Can I call you tonight? I need to tell you something. I stare anxiously at my phone as I walk unevenly back up the hill to the coffee shop. After a couple of minutes the three little dots appear, and I wait impatiently for his reply. [FINNICK] Sure, but give us a couple hours, yeah? The little one is cutting molars and having a heck of a time getting to sleep lately. I smile. It's still hard for me to imagine Finnick as a daddy, even if his son is almost a carbon copy of him. [PEETA] Sounds fine. Text when you're ready, and say hi to Annie for me. I shove my phone back into my pocket. I arrive back at the coffee shop about twenty minutes later, climbing up the back steps to my apartment. I pull off my shoes and take out my phone, checking it before dropping it down onto the futon. I pull a bottle of orange juice out the mini fridge and take a big swig before grabbing my laptop and opening up one of my class assignments. I should study some more for that exam on Monday, but my mind keeps wandering back to Katniss Everdeen. I feel my heart speed up as I remember how her small hand felt in mine when I shook it. The way her green top flattered her beautiful coloring. The way her eyes sparkled during worship time with the lights flashing. After a few more minutes I close my laptop and set it aside. I check my phone. Finnick said he needed a couple of hours, so there's at least an hour left before I can talk to him. Sighing, I pull myself off the futon and make a peanut butter and banana sandwich for a snack, washing it down with some more orange juice. I check my phone again and decide to take a shower. I go to the dresser for some clean underwear and find I'm down to my last pair. Looks like I need to make a laundromat run tomorrow, which is always fun on a Sunday. Yay. I open my laptop back up after my shower and try to concentrate on studying, but again it's a hopeless cause. I'm just picking up my phone to check it for the millionth time when it beeps with an incoming iMessage. [FINNICK] Kid is asleep for the time being, are you free now? [PEETA] Yep. Wanna FaceTime? I'd like Annie to hear this too. [FINNICK] Sure thing. A few seconds later my phone beeps again with the incoming FaceTime alert. As the screen clears I can see Finnick and Annie sitting on the ugly flowered couch in their living room. Annie's grandmother, a woman they call Mags and who they live with, has very questionable taste in furnishings. "Hey Peeta," Annie says in her soft, slightly accented voice. "How're things up there in the mountains?" "Great!" I say. "The weather's beautiful up here this time of year. You remember, don't you?" "Yes," Finnick says with a trace of melancholy. "The gorgeous mountain weather is one of the things I sure miss about that place. It's gonna be hot and humid down here for at least another six weeks! But I don't really think you wanted to talk to us about the weather. So what is it? Worried about an exam again?" I swallow thickly and shake my head. "No. Well, yeah, I actually do have another exam on Monday. But... but tonight, I um...". I take a deep breath and run my fingers through my hair. "Tonight I think I met the girl I'm gonna marry." XXXXXXXX Song references: Turn It Up by the Planetshakers This is Living Now by Hillsong United Awake My Soul by Chris Tomlin and LeCrae All the songs in my story are available in iTunes and on YouTube. So there you have it! Chapter one! Please let me know what you think, I greatly appreciate any and all reviews!