in the bloodbath in a very long time. These were the only deaths at the bloodbath that year but more was coming. These were one of the longest Games in history because the arena was so big that tributes wouldn't run into each other. Sprinklers would go off for a certain amount of time, giving tributes an opportunity to drink and tributes who had been to the poisonous plants section of the training had the advantage because over the course of the Games, 6 tributes died from the poisonous plants. Lots of the tributes turned on each other because of the gas the plants were giving out. This caused some tributes to lash out and attack anything, or even commit suicide. 8 tributes fell victim to the gas, or someone affected by the gas. Tributes realised the cactus thorns were extremely sharp so decided to use them as weapons. 3 more fell victim to thorn-wielders. 3 left. The girls from District 9 and both tributes from District 11. This was the first time in many years that a career tribute hadn't gotten to the final 3. The annoying thing was, they had been in an alliance since the start and the only reason they all got to the end together was because they knew everything about plants and avoided all other tributes in the arena. The Gamemakers got increasingly bored so they decided to bring the plants to life to seek out the tributes. The first tribute found was the girl from 9 and the vines wrapped around her entire body, suffocating her and eventually snapping her neck. This meant District 11 would finally get another victor! The plants found both tributes at the same time at opposite sides of the arena. The Venus fly trap, which had grown to 10x its original size, attacked the boy while the vines chased the girl. The boy's forearm came clean off in one bite by the Venus flytrap and at the same time the vines tripped up the girl, causing her to fall over and land into a field of cactus thorns sticking out of the ground. A single cannon sounded and no one could tell who the victor was because no one moved. It was only when the hovercraft picked up the girl's dead body that the Gamemaker announced the District 11 male as the victor of the 94th Hunger Games. He didn't leave in one piece though as his arm was missing from the Venus flytrap bite. He now walks around with a synthetic arm which has been modified to help in many ways. I heard that he has a knife, fork, and spoon which he can swap with his fingers when he's eating. Wish I'd thought of that first. But then again, how could I paint my nails? I start imagining myself with a synthetic arm and then going into the Games with my dog by my side. Since when were dogs allowed? I make it to the Cornucopia when I hear a shrill scream. I look over to find the District 2 boy slashing Tilleia's throat and I scream as loud as I can as the image begins to fade. Am I dreaming? My question is answered as I'm woken up by Cezar pawing at my face. I look at the clock on the wall saying it's 8am. Bollocks! I have just two hours to wash, complete my notes and make it to the President's office. Completing the notes should only take 15 minutes. To get to the mansion should take about 45 minutes, so that leaves me with one hour to wash. You'd think that would be enough time but my hair needs to be treated delicately as only certain products can be used in a certain order. This goes for the drying part too! I'll be lucky to get it done in less than an hour. By the time I'm finished with my hair and makeup I'm about 15 minutes behind schedule so I'll have to do my notes in the car. Before I leave the house I make sure I have everything I need and then say goodbye to Tilleia, Cezar and my avox. I hop in my car and my chauffeur takes me directly to the doorstep of the President's mansion 40 minutes later. The notes are completed and I now have five minutes to find his office. There! You couldn't mistake his door for anyone else's. Mainly because it's surrounded by very large bodyguards. I wonder why it wasn't yesterday... Hmm. It appears the bottles of alcohol have miraculously disappeared. Oh wait, they're in the bin over there. Never mind. The President has never really been one for cleaning. Apparently his servants aren't too fussed either. "I'm here to see the President, boys. Move outta my way." They give me clearance without hesitation. I guess I just have that effect on people. Tap, tap, tap. "Come in," the President replies. Here we go again. The smell of strawberries hits me again. For some reason I always forget about the strawberry-scented room. I hand the notes to him at 10am sharp, trying to hide my panting from running around the mansion. "Brilliant. Right, I'll call you if I need anything, Amora. Now get out." It's always his last sentence. Everything is normally happily said, and then he wrecks it by saying something completely rude at the end. But I guess that's just his normal way of speaking. I exit the room and walk to the car. As I step into my car, I think to myself. This is going to be an unforgettable Games. So there is the design of the Games and I thought I'd write about past Games as well. I'll try and do that more throughout the story because I really enjoy doing that. Let me know what you think in the reviews and please submit tributes through my PM :) Question time: What do you think of the arena design?