in the sky here then in town. I have other reasons for loving it but I keep them to myself. We drive for about twenty minutes until we get the the field. It's a corn field with a driving path through it and a large open space in the middle. Every year we have a Harvest Feast dance in this field. Gale like to come out here and just look at the stars with me. Gale loves this truck, it was his dad's but last summer we repainted it ourselves with some help from Peeta, who is going off to art school in New York after we graduate and Madge is going to take some classes at whatever school he ends up going to. Gale is already working part time with my Uncle Hatmitch doing construction work and I help out part time at his mom's laundry mat. I keep telling Gale he needs to go off and do something big, maybe even join the military or go to school for architecture, but he says he doesn't want to leave West Virginia yet. Gale had a thin padding fitted into the liner of his truck bed, he said it was to protect it from dents but I think it's because he wants us to be comfortable when he go star gazing. I lay with my head on his chest and his arms wrapped around me, a blanket over us to hold in the warmth, the nights here are cool. "Gale why don't you go to New York with everyone else? Madge's Uncle Caesar is renting her that house. Peeta's going to art school and Madge wants to teach, Finnick thinks he can be the next male sex symbol and Annie goes where he does. Cato and Jo are going too and I wanna go too but...I don't..." I don't know what I want to say or even how to say it. "Don't want to what Katniss? Leave me here alone?" Gale says in an easy tone but it's true I don't want to leave him here but I don't want to force him to go with me just because I don't want to go alone. "Would you go with me to New York?" I look up at him and instantly regret it. The look on his face is pained and he's chewing on his bottom lip. "Do you really want me to Katniss?" "Of course I do." I look into his eyes and they seem so pale in the moonlight. "You're my best friend." "Is that all I am Katniss?" His face is again drawn in careful lines, his eyes so filled with emotions I can't read. "No...I don't know. What else is there? You've been such a huge part of my life since that day with the snares and everyday since. You're my Gale and I'm your Catnip." I see him smile and the pain seems to wash from his face for a moment. His fingers curl under my chin and pull my face up. "I hope this work...I really do." "Hope what works Gale? I don't understand." "I love you Katniss Everdeen. I know I say that every now and then but I mean it...I mean...I'm..." He closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. "I love you, I have been since that same day but now I realize I'm in love with you like Peeta is with Madge, Finnick with Annie, even Cato who is very much in love with Johanna...she's just to much of a smartass to take him seriously. But there is only one girl for me and that's you Kat." "You've never even kissed me." I say in shock because it's the only thought that will go from my brain to my mouth. "You're mom said I had to wait until you where sixteen before I could do it." He says matter of factly. "When did you ask my mom that?" "Two years ago." He says with a smile."So I've been waiting for this day for a long time." "Gale. I..." He closes his eyes and I can see that he's taking my silence as rejection when it's not. I move up so that my face is next to his. "Please look at me." I wait a moment and he finally opens his eyes. "I love you too. You know that. I just always thought that you didn't feel the same so I never said anything." "Katniss there hasn't been any other girl for me since you can into my life and I don't want any other girl but you." He smiles and I smile back. "So have you kissed other girls?" "Yeah just a two, but not since we started talking. I wanted to the but you where just a kid and..." His hand cups my cheek and his thumb runs along the bone. He leans in and presses his lips to mine. He holds them there and after a moment he pulls back and looks at me before pressing them back to mine. This time I feel them against mine soft and light, gentle as if I was an animal in one of his snares. He runs the tip of his tongue across my bottom lip and when I part my lips he gently explores my mouth. His arms lock around me and pull me on top of his body before our lips pull away. "Gale. Wow." "I love you Katniss and I can't wait to make love to you for the first time." Again he looks almost sad. "How long do you have to wait for that?" I ask knowing my mom put some kinda rule on that too. "Your eighteenth birthday." "Guess you'll just have to settle for kissing me until then." I see a smile come to his face and a gleam in his eyes that makes me nervous. "There's other things we can do until then Katniss. I'll show you." He pulls me down and kisses me again.