years? "That's why I've got to do something. I could never be their Victor, some little puppet for their glory. So my only choice is whether to go quietly or not. And I won't go quietly," Gale said, voice low with conviction. "Go ahead then," she bit out furiously. "I guess we can't stop you. Make some futile, empty statement and get killed for it." Katniss turned and angrily unfastened a few buttons on the front of her dress. She tucked the hunting knife between her waistband and undergarments, adequately concealing it, before turning back. "Why not? you've already given up on everyone here. "But know this, Gale Hawthorne:" She stood tall and stared resolutely up at him. "I won't give up on them! To that I'll swear!" And with that she stormed out of the room, just as the Peacekeeper was entering to collect her. A little while later, Katniss scowled as she waited for Prim to finish saying her goodbyes to Gale. She considered trying to bully Darius into letting her back into Gale's room for a proper parting, but she doubted it would work. Friends and family had one opportunity to say goodbye to the loved ones that had been chosen as tributes. No more. She was still seething over how that time had ended. It would have been better to just sit with him in silence the whole time, Katniss thought. Look where the conversation had left them. There was an instinctual part of herself, an unforgiving part bent on survival, that had to acknowledge that the upcoming separation of her and Gale would be easier if their interactions ended on this unpleasant note. It wasn't right, and it didn't do him or their friendship justice, but there was no justice to be had in Panem. Katniss didn't want to face the failure he'd consigned her to. Or the reckless energy that came off of him in waves. It made her nervous that he would do something to get himself killed all the sooner. Maybe it was wise to allow a rift between them, to ease the agony when he was ripped from their lives once and for all. They were all powerless to make this situation anything but tragic. A tentative, somewhat tremulous, "Hi Katniss," came from behind her, and she turned, annoyed with the disruption to her dark thoughts. This she did not expect. Peeta Mellark stood before her clutching two cookies from the package he'd brought to Delly. Though he easily dwarfed her frame, Peeta stood there nervously, almost abashed to be bothering her. Katniss suspected he had been crying, as his voice sounded rough and his eyelids were suffused with pink. "I'm so sorry about Gale," he rasped before clearing his throat, trying to master his voice. His expression conveyed true grief. "But I'm happy you two are safe," he said, nodding to Prim as she exited Gale's room and sidled up to Katniss. His pained smile looked more like a grimace. Katniss shifted uncomfortably and gave an awkward nod of acknowledgement. Any person with a basic understanding of social nicety would return his sentiment, but with Peeta Mellark, it seemed too much to divulge. She truly was relieved that Peeta's name had not been called, though she was no less devastated that Gale's had. Katniss felt, irrationally, that the unexpected truth in that admission would leave her vulnerable. Thankfully, Prim graciously responded for her. Peeta cleared his throat again, and glanced briefly around the room before his eyes rose to meet hers again. "I'm sorry it happened this way, that it was someone close to you that you cared for." "He's my hunting partner," Katniss corrected dismissively, trying to block out the anguish his words engendered. She needed to get out of this building for so many reasons. But Peeta saw through her instantly. "Delly and I are old friends too," he said. A moment later, a memory or the reality of the situation must have struck him, because his expression fell and two fat tears dropped onto his overheated cheeks. Despite that, the corner of his mouth inexplicably lifted into the barest hint of a smile. "She made me promise to talk to you today before I left," he said, glancing up at her almost shyly. Katniss had no clue how to respond to that. Why would Delly, a girl she had rarely spoken to, single her out? She looked to Prim for help, but Prim just looked curiously at Peeta, speculation in her blue eyes. Getting nowhere in a one-sided conversation, Peeta gently nudged a cookie into each of their palms. "Here." Katniss was too wrapped up in a haze of awkward confusion to decline before Prim beamed and thanked him. Katniss bit her lip, the tear tracks that were still visible on his cheeks catching her eye. She couldn't bring herself to refuse his offering. Peeta smiled apologetically, as if he understood how thoroughly uncomfortable the whole encounter had been for her. Then he turned and walked away, running a hand across his face as he exited the room. Looking away from the departure of the puzzling baker's son, Katniss turned to Prim. Sorrow had descended on her face again. Katniss reached out to stroke Prim's cheek softly in a gesture of comfort. She was thankful that their odd conversation with Peeta had distracted Prim, even for just a moment. It was her first reaping, and they would all stagger under the weight of Gale's absence in the coming months, not to mention the grief that would find them all too soon once the Games began. Katniss could barely fathom what Gale's loss would do to her in the coming days, but she knew she could hang on as long as Prim stayed herself, brimming with the wonder and sweetness that Katniss cherished. "Come on Little Duck. Let's go home." Thank you so much for reading! Let me know what you think! :) I am ghtlovesthg on tumblr.