Peeta's sleeve. Enough of this topic, enough of the cold. "Just get in here." We step inside, and I'm relieved that our entrance is met with silence. Whatever the outcome, the worst of that man's suffering has passed. I'm not sure where my mother or Prim have gone, but they are not here. Perhaps they had to make a house call, or maybe they needed a breather after this morning. As I unwrap my scarf and hang my coat, Peeta waits by the door, having successfully seen me in. But I'm not ready to let him go yet. I carefully lay my new mittens with the gloves I should have brought, and gather my focus as I prepare to end our discussion. Catching sight of myself in the hallway mirror, the one my mother and Prim now use to make sure everything is in place before leaving the house, I wonder if I'll ever stop seeing myself at eleven, starving and hopeless, looking back through my eyes. I find myself back under that tree often in my mind. I remember resignation and quiet despair slowly being replaced by a cautious, unbelieving hope at the sight of that bread. My eyes dart up to Peeta's reflection, and I meet his eyes as he watches me in the mirror. I hold his gaze for a long moment, before saying, "Pride," condemning the girl who looks back from the glass before me. Peeta has a skeptical puzzlement about him before he shakes his head slightly and approaches me. But I have to get this out. I struggle to bank my sorrow and self-recrimination as I clarify. "You saved my life that day with the bread, no question. You saved Prim's life. You saved my mother. That was the first day she woke up after my father, even a little. You showed me compassion and generosity, and you suffered for it. You showed me there was the possibility for a tomorrow, and I didn't even acknowledge it. I never thanked you. Not once in five years. I saw you almost every day, and I said nothing . Because I hate being weak. Because I'm too proud." Peeta must have removed his gloves while setting my parcels down on the side table, because I can feel the roughened pads of his fingers as he slides a hand past my jaw line and into my hair, his palm cupping my cheek. A thrill thrums through my veins as I think he's going to kiss me. My lips part automatically and my eyelids droop in acquiescent anticipation. But he doesn't. Instead, he rests his forehead against mine. He's staring at me earnestly, and I plaintively look back. "You're the opposite Peeta. You give so much of yourself to others." "No. That's not the way it is, Katniss. Not even close. I told you in the cave that you owe me nothing, and I meant it. How can you be too proud when you value the life of another over your own? The whole district was moved when you volunteered for Prim. It spoke of your incomparable bravery, but also of your humility. So much so that it drew the attention of the nation. Panem is in awe of you. I am in awe of you." My stomach swoops and trills like a mockingjay in flight. "What of the berries? That you were willing, once again, to sacrifice your own life for the chance that both of us might be spared. And don't tell me it's because you owed me, because you already saved me in the cave." He turns me slightly so I can see my reflection. "All the hardship life has shown you, you take onto your own shoulders so Prim won't have to. Does that sound prideful? Don't think you aren't humble, Katniss. Because it couldn't be further from the truth. You don't value yourself enough." He draws away then, and I mourn the distance between us. "Please reconsider your summation of Twelve," he adds gently. And with that, he opens the door and steps out into the cool blue of the gathering twilight. I stand and do just that. I think of the cases he made, and reconsider my own. I continue to do so as I sit by the fire, eating leftover stew. When my eyes grow heavy, I walk upstairs to my room, still thinking. Earlier today, I desired Gale's approach. I was brooding and the world seemed irredeemable. It made me want to lash out and fight with Peeta. But Peeta had an entirely different method of reaction. His insistence on a calm, collected discussion has left me with a much more peaceful outlook. Buried under sheets and blankets, I decide that Peeta probably won our debate. Thread's wrath can't compare to Prim and Sae's gentle patience. Peeta's temperance outdoes any gluttony on Haymitch's part, and Mr. Mellark's charitable generosity assuages his wife's avarice. Hazelle has always been far more industrious than my mother's been slothful. And the thought of Peeta's perception of me, as someone humble and not prideful, warms me. But my points about Cray and Gale can't be overlooked. And I still don't see things the way Peeta does. I must acknowledge the good, it's true, but I still see a preponderance of vice in the world. I can't just ignore the seventeen years that have taught me to see in this way. Does that mean Peeta's efforts were wasted? I decide they weren't. As I drift off, I feel actual happiness. I'm lighter, buoyed up, and not only by the reminders of the good I've seen and the knowledge that there's still a reason and purpose to what we must do. It's also because someone cares about how I see the world, someone is invested in showing me it's still worthwhile. They want me to feel hopeful about tomorrow. That, I find, is the best feeling in the world. And only Peeta has given me that. fin