the process of the snow white dress burning up, one diagram melding into the other seamlessly, and when it's complete the dress is an ashy grey, with white spots dotting the draping spidersilk sleeves. It's a mockingjay, she realizes, her grip tightening on the folder. Almost involuntarily her eyes glance down to the golden mockingjay pin resting on her collarbone. When she looks back up to Cinna, his eyes are solemn. "You have a . . . very impressive resume, Mister Pelhure." She snaps the file shut and rests her elbows on the table, her eyes steely and determined. "I'm sure it will be a pleasure working with you." Tear-filled blue eyes, fingers digging into her palms. "You have to help Rory win, Katniss. You have to, and I know you can." She tries to pull away from his sister's grasp, not willing to meet her eyes. "Prim, I can't promise you anything –" "You have to," Prim repeats. "You promised you would come back. And you did. Katniss, please. " She bites her lip, but she can already feel her will dissolving. "Fine," she whispers. "I promise." -;- "She didn't mean anything, I promise," he whispers, fingers ghosting a touch along her jawline, coming to rest against her arched cheekbones. She pulls away, inclining her head and turning away. She's barely taken a step back when his arms go around her from behind, embracing her tightly. Once again, she shrugs free of his grasp, and starts to walk away as the skies rumble overhead. A single drop lands on her head, and she looks up in surprise, blinking back tears; she holds out a hand and another drop lands on it, sliding between her fingers. Slowly more and more raindrops start pouring down from the grey heavens, pelting them and soaking them through. Almost immediately she starts to sob, loud, noisy, heartbroken sobbing, because the first day he said he loved her, it had also been raining. She looks back at him, and his face is twisted in anguish and pain, fringe plastered to his forehead by the oncoming downpour. She stares at him for a while, long and hard, until her resolve finally cracks and she all but lunges for him, her fingers twisting into his shirt as she kisses him, full, on the mouth. His hands skate down her back and lock around her waist, as hers make their way up to his head, running through his matted, tangled hair; and she kisses him until she can no longer breathe, pulling back and panting through her swollen lips. "I promise," he repeats, gripping her shoulders firmly, and she stares up at him through her damp fringe, utterly solemn. "You'd better mean it." "Of course I do." The second time she walks in on him with a woman is almost as, if not equally, startling. This time it's at his flat, which she has a key to, and she's there because she bought him a new set of china. When she sees the two of them spreadeagled against the sofa, she drops the package she's holding; the china teacups burst free from the brown paper and smash against the floor, sending shards of porcelain skittering everywhere. Thankfully, however, both of them are fully-clothed, and he's up in a flash, steering the other woman towards the door and agreeing to another appointment later that week. With a coy wink she's on her way, and he slams the door shut behind her. For a while, neither of them say anything, until Finnick breaks the silence. "This is what I am, Katniss," he says, his sea-green eyes not leaving her stony grey ones. "This is who I am. A common whore, and nothing more." He sighs heavily and turns away, before curling his fingers into a fist and smashing it against the cement wall. She gives a start of surprise, and he pulls his fist away bloody, but merely stares at it, as if not comprehending what is happening. "You're – you're bleeding," she stammers, standing up. He waves her off. "President Snow . . . sells the victors," he says after a while. "You're too young. It hasn't started for you yet. But trust me, it will, and when it does, I – I don't know what I'll do. If it's me, it's still okay, but you , Katniss . . . you . . . " "Finnick," she gets out. "I'll probably go and get drunk, like Haymitch," he laughs, bitterly. "That'll make it less painful." "Finnick," she repeats, more firmly this time. "How could you love me, Katniss?" he turns his head to look at her, now; his eyes are glittering with tears, a hidden sorrow deep within them. "How could you stand to love me, knowing what I've done, how many women I've slept with, how many men I've slept with –" " Finnick !" He seems to jolt back into reality, and falls silent as she moves towards him, tentatively at first, until she reaches him, and places a reassuring hand on his shoulder. "No matter who you are, what you are, you're never going to be anything but Finnick Odair to me." She says gently, her voice soft. "Because you're mine and I'm yours, and that's all that matters." He blinks even harder, now, and a single tear rolls through his eyelashes and spills down his cheek. "Katniss –" "Hush, now," she says, and pulls him into a hug, burying her face in his shoulder. It's a while before his arms go around her in response, but all the same, it's worth it, because she is his and he is hers, and they love each other. And that's all that matters. A/N –– this was beta'd by Diana and looked over by the lovely Louise. Applaud them both, will you? this is going to be a multichap, my first one, which i'm pretty excited for XD thanks for reading till here, and please review? :3