easily rattled. So instead, I recommend you enjoy the show." Katniss felt a genuine smile break over her face in gratitude. Peeta's eyes swept her face intently. "It looked like one of the summer months for a second there," he admitted, gaze settling on her still-smiling lips. When the time came, January stepped regally onto the ice, the white ermine lining her robes fluttering in the breeze over the lake. When she reached the center, Katniss saw her lips moving, and a cruel wind picked up around them, whipping Katniss' loose hair in all directions. The temperature dropped even further and Katniss huddled into her furs. A snowstorm kicked up, swirling furiously about them. Peeta leaned over and pulled her to him, wrapping her bundled form in his arms. He didn't add to her warmth, but the snow flurries around them calmed until the surrounding area contained only softly drifting snow, while the blizzard raged beyond. After a time, Katniss peeked out from under Peeta's arms, and just made out the shape of February striding past onto the lake. Though she couldn't see far enough into the storm to make out his actions, she could tell when his portion of the ceremony was finished, as the wind howled its vehemence that much louder, and the magnitude of the storm intensified. But still, the flakes danced gently down, settling on their heads and shoulders in cottony puffs as Peeta blanketed them from the storm. Wreathed in his arms, Katniss noticed that while his skin had been cool to begin with, the sections where their bodies met were growing in warmth, heat steadily building between them the longer they were in contact. She closed her eyes in bliss. Katniss thought she fit perfectly, tucked snugly into Peeta's embrace. It was hard to imagine feeling fear or pain or hunger again, not here. At length, the winds quieted and the snowfall ceased. Katniss raised her head drowsily, lulled by the safety and warmth she felt in Peeta's arms. Her eyes widened at the change around her. As the rapidly melting ice began to shift, Three hurried from the lake center, halting from time to time and looking back, as if not convinced the right direction had been taken. Peeta looked up as well, smiling as he took in her expression of wonder. The ice and snow was dripping off the tree boughs onto the thawing ground, running in rivulets back toward the lake. Every few moments, the progress of the water would be halted as it froze again in its tracks. "March is a little indecisive," Peeta explained, "about whether to end winter gradually or all at once." Peeta leaned back, giving her room to get up. She rose to her feet and walked slowly around the lake, taking in the miraculous changes that were being wrought. Her feet alternately slipped on frosty grass and sank into the marshy ground, as the weather continued to vacillate between wintry and vernal. Eventually, March seemed to settle on more temperate weather, and the chunks of ice left over the lake shrunk rapidly before her eyes. April brushed past Katniss, drawing his robe from his shoulders, leaving him bare chested. He sent an over exaggerated wink and a devastating smile her way before diving into the brisk water and swimming sleekly to the middle of the lake. Katniss gazed out over the water, watching the ends of tree branches surrounding the lake grow slowly greener. Further beyond the lake, however, she could see it was still winter, the trees stark white and black, swept by winds. But around her, the grasses were fresh and green. She could hear the mockingjays perched in the trees at the edge of the clearing, cheerily whistling. She laughed aloud at the wonder of it, spring on Midwinter's night! The sound of her laugh was almost foreign to her ears, so long had it been since she heard it last. And then, the galanthus came. The snowy blooms sprung up everywhere, dotting the green of the shoreline with a dusting of pure, snowy white. Katniss turned back to look at Peeta in delight. Who would believe the evening's nightmarish circumstances had brought her here? Alive, comfortable, contented, and witnessing the greatest miracle she'd ever see, surrounded by snowdrop flowers! Peeta's answering smile was so dazzling she realized she must be grinning at him like a fool, but she couldn't stop. Katniss started toward him,with the vague but insistent impression that she wanted to be as near to him as possible. He nodded to the left though, and Katniss turned to see the basket she'd come with, sitting by the shore right where she'd left it when she collapsed. Her real purpose returned to her, and after retrieving the basket, she stooped and began to gather. *~*~ end part one ~*~* Author's Note: This story is based off of the slavic fairytale "The Twelve Months," but more closely follows a cartoon adaptation I watched as a child (which can be easily found on youtube by searching 'twelve months cartoon,' and is quite cute). Katniss' tale is not over yet! The second and final installment will (hopefully) be up on Dec. 21st, the winter solstice! Please come back and see what happens! Galanthus nivalis are actually early blooming spring flowers and can be found peeking out of the snow in some places as early as January, all the way to May. This would not help Katniss however, because it's still only December. I wanted the snowdrops to appear in April, in keeping with the adaptation I remembered, so we'll assume she lives in a part of the world where galanthus doesn't bloom in a major way until then. The cover picture is a condensed version of a manipulation I made. The larger version can be seen on my tumblr (ghtlovesthg), in the art section under 'story art' if anyone is so inclined. Thank you for reading, and please consider leaving a review. :)