royals, and English kings vying for the power that comes with title and rank, I can't contain my curiosity forever. "Why don't you mind me rejecting your status?" I blurt one day, before softening the outburst with, "If you don't mind my asking." She looks annoyed, and a little impatient. "I'm tired of being looked to. I don't have any answers, I'm just as scared as everyone else." She watches me expectantly, as if waiting for my to decry her statement. I don't. "It's all falling apart," she continues, "and there's nothing I can do! Beetee must have told you. My role these days amounts to putting forth a calm facade. I just can't accept that I'm the best candidate to help people through this." "But how did you become the Mockingjay?" I ask. She shifts on her bench, turning to face me more fully. "It was a combination of factors, supposedly. I was chosen by the political leaders at the time." Her voice takes on a dull quality. "My skill with bow and arrow and my ability to provide for my people by hunting made me an attractive candidate. I'm told that I am pure , and have an effect on people that inspires trust and fosters hope. I'm not so sure about that," she disclaims. "There's a certain brusque aloofness to my manner that gives the illusion of setting me apart, and I suspect that was a primary factor. But mostly, it's because I volunteered to sacrifice something when no one else would. Years ago, the colony was told there were only enough resources left for a select few colonists, and that the recipients would be selected by lottery. I was the first to protest, demanding we divide the supplies and find a new way to feed our people. I refused to take part in the lottery and sacrificed my chance at the rations. It was all a ruse to select the next Mockingjay. No one knew except the heads of the colony. But now it's all coming true, isn't it?" I'm speechless. It seems a cruel way to determine a symbolic leader, binding someone in servitude to the masses, under constant scrutiny and faced with impossible expectation, just because they proved they held the people's best interests at heart. But no response on my part is needed, because Katniss is lost in her thoughts again. Soon, her attention returns to my presence. "Why don't you ever come to the upper levels? Most of us aren't so bad." I shrug. I don't want to go into detail about how I appear to the rest of the colony. Down here, I can forget that most colonists see me as a disconcerting oddity. It's not like that with Katniss, and I don't want to take the chance that in explaining their attitude to her, she'll start to agree with them. "I know you can barely set foot outside the compound, and certainly not during full daylight, but you could still see sunset. The temperatures would be cool enough for you, and the lower level of light wouldn't be blinding." I imagine what she must look like out on the surface at midday, where I dare not venture. Golden-dark skin shining with perspiration, and the quicksilver of her eyes reflecting the blinding sunlight. I shiver. "We have a ritual on Cinna74 , ever since the first ships colonized here. With the limited atmosphere, the difference in temperature between night and day is too drastic for survival on the surface overnight. We must be below the surface, where it's warmer," she explains. "But people were never meant to be fenced in, huddled in bunkers underground," Katniss says, glancing at me with meaning. "So each day, everyone who is able stays above ground to witness sunset, as a last farewell to the light we hold so dear. "Everyone gathers, and it could be a time for you to meet people, find a place." I reach down to tie my shoelace. It wasn't untied to begin with, so I double knot it for something to do with my hands. I can't meet her hopeful gaze. I don't want to disappoint her, but I won't be going. By the time I look up, I can tell her shoulders have slumped a bit. But she doesn't give up. "It'll be easier for them to accept you if you're familiar. No one knows anything about you. I don't even know you." It hurts, but she's right. And I want her to know me. But there isn't much to tell. "I don't even know your favorite color," she points out. Neither do I. The inside of colony 13 is all I've ever known, and it isn't exactly a bright, cheery place. Most everything is a dull, faded shade of gray. I return her gaze helplessly, realizing she's about to discover how incomplete I am. But she doesn't look bothered by it. Katniss looks back, brazen and undaunted. And so beautiful. "I know your favorite color," she answers for me. "It's orange. Not bright orange, but soft. Muted. Or it would be, if you saw sunset," she insists. Katniss steps over the pile of pink cubes I've been working through and strides to the door. "Guess I'll see you there, then!" she calls in parting. I groan, slumping against the bench at my back. That's just not possible. ***To be continued*** Works hinted at, mentioned, or quoted: 1. David Copperfield – Charles Dickens 2. Principia Philosophiae – Renee Descartes 3. The Republic - Plato 4. Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea – Jules Verne 5. Siddhartha – Hermann Hesse 6. "Jabberwocky" from Through the Looking Glass, and What Alice Found There – Lewis Carroll 7. Macbeth, Hamlet, and Richard III – William Shakespeare 8. Anything other familiar phrases are lovingly borrowed from The Hunger Games Trilogy Hope it was interesting and enjoyable, let me know what you think! (And I'm sorry about Lady) I am GhtlovesThg on tumblr. :)