form a reply, he repeats himself. "Sing me a lullaby." Normally, I'd refuse simply on the grounds that it was commanded of me, not requested, but there is an urgency in his voice that is perplexing. I can't sing Prim's lullaby, it reminds me too much of a sister I haven't seen in ages and the last terrible moments of Rue's life. So instead, I sing the Valley Song. " You have led me- " I've barely begun before he demands, "Louder." Puzzled, I comply. " You have led me to the sadness I have carried this pain," As soon as I begin, Peeta lowers his mouth to my ear and starts whispering. I shiver at his proximity, his lips and eyelashes tease my skin with the promise of blissful sensation. When his words register, I finally realize what he was after. He wants to tell me something without any bugs picking it up, but chose to give me space in the bathroom. I'm thankful. I've never felt more vulnerable, knowing what's in store for me. " On a back bruised, nearly broken I'm crying out to you" "With every day that passes, I can see the hope going out of your eyes. If you're made to do this, the emptiness will be filled with fear and desolation until you're completely gone. I won't let your fire die, and I won't let them change you. I'd do anything to save you, I'd die at a moment's notice to set you free, but any sacrifice I could make means nothing to them." My breath catches at the steel in his voice, but I only falter for an instant before continuing on. " But I fear you aren't listening Because there are no words" "I've wracked my mind for a way to get you out of this without repercussions for you or Prim. A better man than I would have a decent solution, but time's running out and there's only one way I can think of." I almost stop singing. He has an idea? " Just the stillness and hunger For a faith that assures" "We can make you safe the way I'm safe. You have to make them not want you. The people here have an aversion to imperfection. They're not used to it, they don't want to be reminded it exists. For them, it's like a disease. You have to become imperfect in their eyes." " While we wait for rescue With our eyes tightly shut" "It would have to be pretty significant, just to be sure. There's a lot they can fix here. And you'd only have one chance, because whatever it is, it has to look like an accident or Snow will blame you. We're in his good graces since the Tour, and we've been playing his game by all the rules. He might be cocky enough to believe he's actually broken us down to biddable toys, and it truly is an accident." Theoretically I suppose it could work. But how would such a thing be accomplished? My voice stays strong despite my uncertainty. " Face to the ground using our hands To cover the fatal cut" "During the Victory Tour, my prep team gossiped with Eugenia about her sister's failed remake. The surgery went wrong somehow, and she was permanently disfigured. The damages were too serious to fix, even with Capitol technology. Instead of receiving sympathy and support, she was exiled to a facility for 'aesthetically impaired' citizens. According to Eugenia, a comfortable life is provided and communication outside of the facility is allowed, but there's a lot of solitude and the residents are practically barred from returning to the Capitol. Apparently a lot of them don't handle it well." I can see how ex-Capitol citizens might have a problem being banished from their glittering city because they're deemed eyesores. I guess the never-ending cruelty here should surprise me, but it doesn't. The only surprise is how many forms it can take. " And though the pain is an ocean Tossing us around, around, around" What Peeta is suggesting is shocking and drastic. I know he values my safety and my well-being more than anything else, and that's why he's proposing it. I don't want to do myself any bodily harm, not after fighting for my life in the Games, but I know I can't make it through this with my mind and soul intact. Peeta's noticed it too. I can feel myself slipping away and I haven't even become a plaything yet. " You have calmed greater waters Higher mountains have come down" Our conversation on the rooftop the night before the countdown come back to me. He was right, wise even then. I understand his words as I haven't before and echo them in my own sentiments. I want to still be me. Snow tried to make me nothing more than an animal in the Games, and now he's trying to degrade me into existing only as an object. I won't willingly submit my body to the Capitol's control. " I will sing of Your mercy That leads me through valleys of sorrow To rivers of joy." Peeta has once again given me hope. I pull away and sit up, looking down at his worried face in the dim light. He's not sure he's done the right thing, suggesting I damage myself in some way. I lean down and kiss his brow tenderly, the first voluntary contact I've initiated in days. I stay sitting upright, considering and discarding a dozen awful possibilities After hours of lying beside me, awake and keeping silent counsel, Peeta drifts into unconsciousness. I remain seated, staring not at the room around me, but gazing instead into possible futures. I have a lot to think about. Note: The song I used for the Valley Song is called, quite simply, Valley Song. I listened to the version by Jars of Clay. It seemed to fit adequately. Come visit me on Tumblr: ghtlovesthg