had and wouldn't protest as Peeta cleaned up the mess she made and tried to ameliorate what damage she had inflicted upon herself. As he walked into the living room of Katniss's house he knew it would be the later today. She was settled in a couch closest to the fire knees bend next to her chest, her eyes stumped and watching the flames. She was numb. He made his way over to her and crouched down so that his face was level with hers. He examined her eyes taking in her hurt and her torture and knew that today was a particularly wearying one. Taking a deep breath in he sighed and caressed the side of her face, rubbing his thumb along her eyebrow and down to her jaw. He wasn't sure if she knew he was there and just unable to respond or if she was completely in another universe too far away to be able to feel his touch. Moving his other hand to rub the hair on the top of her head he gazed down to survey her body's condition. She was wet and covered in soot and he also noticed that her shirt was slightly blood stained. He kneeled down onto the ground and lifted up her shirt revealing a laceration over one of her ribs along with prominent bruising. It didn't look so bad that she might bled to death but it needed to be cleaned. After observing the rest of Katniss's body and taking off her drenched coat, socks and boots he stood up and lifted her into his arms. She was still adrift in an alternate reality as he carried her up the staircase and into the bathroom. He sat her on the floor and she stayed upright with her back against the wall as he went over to fill the bathtub. He may have bitter feeling towards Katniss but his kindness and the love he wished he didn't feel for her overthrew any anguish felt in her presence. So when she needed to be looked after he came even if he liked to make Haymitch think otherwise. He poured lavender scented liquid in the now half full bath water and watched as the oils combined with the water and admitted an appealing aroma. Peeta noticed that Katniss's eyes where roaming the bathroom now aware of her surrounding but she still seemed lost in a daze. He walked over to her and again crouched in front of her. Her eyes surveyed him but didn't seem to really connect with her brain to communicate to her the situation and so she didn't react as he began to peel off the wet shirt from her torso and over her head and still had no response when he unclasped her bra freeing her chest or even when she stood as guided by Peeta while he removed her trousers and her underwear. Her eyes simply watched him as she stood motionless and unresponsive. The only response Peeta could get from Katniss was her staying in the positions he put her in. He scanned over her naked frame. She was as thin as he had ever seen her, her muscles and bones suck out prominently, her breast and collar bones looked ready to tear skin and her knees looked wobbly and worn. She was still beautiful Katniss to Peeta though just in a sicker form, more like the starving girl he gave bread then the women who defeated the capital. Peeta turned to the sink and grabbed a face washer to clean the blood off Katniss's side so it didn't run in the bath. She shook slightly as he dabbed at the cut. "I'm sorry" he mumbled quietly every time the cloth came in contact with her skin. She must have been becoming more aware if she was able to feel pain he thought and contemplated just how aware she was of her current situation. It mustn't have been very if she was allowing for him to touch her. Once her side was cleaned he picked her up under the arms and placed her in the bathtub. Her knees bent voluntarily when her feet hit the bottom of the tub and he held her under the arms until she had shrunk down so that her bottom was also in contact with the tub. Katniss sat passively backed up against the side of the bathtub with her knees in front of her chest as Peeta grabbed a loufa, some liquid soap and shampoo and conditioner. Peeta decided to start with washing out all the soot that had accumulated in her hair. Scooping up water with his hands he slowly wet and then proceeded to wash her hair. It was a tedious process trying to wash her hair in the bath without dunking her head in it but Peeta knew she was exhausted and wouldn't be able to stand in the shower long enough for him to wash her properly so this was his only option. As he massaged his fingers though her hair she began to relax slightly, the tension in her shoulders easing. Peeta started to wonder when she was going to wake out of her alternate reality and start screaming insanities at him, he hoped it wasn't before he was able to wash her properly because from what he could tell she hadn't washed properly in weeks. When Peeta finished with her hair he went to the sink cupboard to grab another face washer, this time actually for her face. As he slowly wiped the dirt from her forehead and under her eyes she gazed up at him, looking him in the eyes for the first time this morning. There was a hint of something placid adoration maybe? Before realization hit her and her eyes narrowed resentment and rage sitting behind them. Peeta leaned back away from her preparing himself for the verbal battle about to begin. She was back and part of him was thankful.