to smoke but what the hell. Hadn't she broken most of morals already? She placed it in her mouth and took out a match, ready to strike before… A man grabbed her from behind his hands pocked marked and grubby. She tried to scream but she couldn't, she was in shock, she was scared, she was terrified. She caught a glimpse of his face his hair sandy, his face tanned his eyes a startling… grey "SHAMUS" she managed to shout. Suddenly there was a roof over her head and she was thrown to the floor. He was pacing now his eyes darting from her to the door. His eyes where blood shot, hollow and there was dark under his eyes. Constance on her feet now backing towards the door. "NNNNNNOOO" he screamed his eyes crazy his laugh teeming with jeers. She fell to the floor and he strode over that same grin playing his lips as when they first met. "Please my darling" she tried. His gaze hardened and then his fist met her face. Choking she backed away tears streaming, her vision blurry. "YOU ARE NOT GOING OUT, YOU HEAR ME? YEAH I KNOW HES BACK" he spat "BECAUSE YOU 'HIGHNESS' IS SO BLEEDIN IMPORTANT THAT THEY ARE HOLDIN' A BLEEDIN' PARTY! OH WHOOPIDY DOO HE'S ALIVE!" CHAPTER 4 He could see a thriving mass of anonymous figures their faces blurred by distance. The only person he wanted to see was Constance. A man watched him. He had locked Constance in the house and now he had blood on his hands and murder on his mind. He felt a hand on his shoulder. Damn, the blood! Damn damn. His eyes where wild and he looked around. A firm grip seized his hands and he was led away from the throng to the police office. Constance was stronger than she looked. Her curls hung low over her face far from a bun at this point. Her dress was filthy and torn, the material a crosshatch of dust and grime. She gave the door one last push and… nothing. Damn. She lay back against the wall, a mess of dirt and sweat, and hair. Closing her eyes, she tried to imagine herself at home with Amos and… BANG. She sat bolt upright. BANG. She looked around before her eyes finally rested on the door. BANG. She curled into a ball. Maybe it was shamus again. BANG. Oh god the door was opening. BANG. The door flung open and a girl stepped inside. She was tall with thick lips short ebony hair and… green eyes. the girl with the green eyes stared at her with a hunger only revenge could satisfy Her normally calm and pleasant demeanour slowly changed and her face contorted in an all - consuming anger; her nostrils flaring, her eyes flashing and closing into slits, her mouth quivering and drooling, slurring words that were unintelligible came spewing into space like a volcano. Her hands closed into fists and she crouched forward, daring her to repeat once more the words that had torn her heart into fragments, that had dashed all her expectations of 'happy ever after'. She didn't wait! Then she let go with a right uppercut to the head that sent her flying from one side of the room to the other at what seemed like the speed of light. Her body made contact with the opposite wall and she slid to the floor like a sack of potatoes. She was past crying. She was angry. She pulled out a gun and aimed it at Constance's head. "Please" Constance pleaded "I thought we where friends" The girls gun arm did not waver instead she spoke "Friends? We where never friends" she spat "and you know? After all that trying im so glad you ignored me. Im glad I never got to know you. Because you ARE SICK" The girl was holding the gun now so tight that her knuckles where white and her face red. "HE NEEDED TO COME BACK". She was sobbing now her face still contorted with anger. "Here is a thing you didn't now about me. I had 6 beautiful children and…and a loving husband. He knew we couldn't bleedin' survive on a damn shilling a week". She began to run a hand through her matted hair gained her composure and straightened her aim. "You found him. You gave in MY peter" she smiled "and now you are going to play the same price as him". She stared straight ahead at her. one twitch of her index finger and. Red hot pain shot through her .she collapsed to the floor as she felt the pain as strong as one hundred daggers sinking into her stomach. Groaning and screaming with anguish, she writhed about on the floor, clutching her body . Her eyes were watery with the sheer pain and her breathing came out in sharp, shallow rasps. Sweat dripped down the side of her face and covered her forehead in a thin sheen. "H-help," she croaked, her desperate tone made her words almost inaudible, but they still echoed around the room. The girl walked over. "Your husband is here by the way" she smirked "and oh don't worry he'll be with you soon". And then she walked away just as blood started to leak out of her mouth, that beautiful gash like mouth, and the world went black. (Two weeks later) Amos truly was just about to walk away when rue walked over. Amos smiled at his late wife's work colleague as she strode towards him. "Hey Amos I know you feel really bad about this and I have just the thing to take your mind off it" she soothed "permanently". "Ok you can try" he replied "You could always come over to mine for tea later" He smiled again. "Sure that would be nice" The sun shone bright that day, and as they walked, the sun reflected off rues eyes. Those green eyes.