even jokes and says that if he was chosen, he would be the prettiest winner of the history of the Hunger Games. My brother's silliness actually has the effect desired and calms me a little, while father smiles comfortingly and mother keeps her usual sneer over her features. We finally make it to the centre of town and meet with Parker, his wife, Lilly, who hugs tightly both Percy and I, and my little nephew, Ethan. Lilly is Parker's long time girlfriend, a really nice and caring girl, who we've known for the past ten years. She's really close, even closer to me than my own mother, though it's not hard to care for someone more than mother. Ethan is eight years old, and to be honest, I can't believe that Parker and Lilly would actually bring a child to the world, knowing that they could see him die the time he turned twelve. I love Ethan dearly, he's smart and kind just like his parents, always brings a smile to my face. "Uncle Peeta!" he shouts and runs into my arms; I twirl, making him laugh. "How are you, little man?" I ask putting him down with a grin. "How come you've grown every time I see you? Look at you, you're so tall! And last time we saw each other was, what, this Monday?" "That's because he follows my lead and eats everything they tell him to eat," jokes Percy with pride, showing off the muscles on his right bicep. "Right, little man? You want to be just like your favourite uncle." Ethan laughs shortly and looks up at us with big blue eyes. "I'll tell you who my favourite uncle is after the Reaping," he says with this hopeful smile on his lips. Percy and I look at each other, surprised and touched about what our eight year old nephew has just said. It surprise me how much he's catching up on everything it's happening around him, about The Hunger Games, about us and the changes of getting reaped. "Of course, little man," says Percy breaking the tension with a grin. He turns to me with a smirk. "We all know the answer, so don't be upset when he says my name, brother." "We'll see you both for lunch, alright?" says Parker, squeezing my shoulder and patting Percy's back. With a last reassuring smile to our family, Percy and I walk toward our places. "What do you think about having that wrestling match you owe me after this, ah?" asks Percy with a playful smirk. "Last time I let you win. I won't be such a good brother this time around." "Whatever helps you sleep at night, Percy," I say with a smile, before he punches my arm and I leave him at the eighteen boys' section. I scan the crowd and my eyes find Katniss first; she looks actually calm, her gaze falling somewhere behind me, where I left Percy. I realize that she's looking at Gale Hawthorne, her long time friend, friend or whatever he is to her. They seem to have this silent conversation by staring at each other, and for a moment I wish I was at Gale's place, I wish Katniss was that close to me. I'm actually surprised that she's not watching closely at her sister, who's at the front with the other twelve year old girls; but then I remember that Katniss didn't let her apply for the tesserae, so there is only one slip with Prim's name in the big glass bowl with thousand of slips. This thought, unexpectedly, makes me release a breath I didn't know I was holding. I guess I'm truly and so deeply fond of Prim because she reminds me of Lucy. I see the mayor and a clearly drunk Haymitch enter the stage. Haymitch Abernathy is the only one still alive from District Twelve who won the Hunger Games, and after he came home he instantly drowned in alcohol all the horrors he must have lived inside that arena. He's a good man, though, I know that. He helped me when no one else would have. The mayor speaks but my mind shuts him down; I don't want to hear him speak about the Capitol and President Snow and The Hunger Games as if they were the best thing that's ever happened to Panem. It disgusts me and always awakens a rage inside me, though I'm always sure to never show it. I mask it, like I've learned to do with every emotion some memories drag along. Effie Trinket walks into the stage then, wearing a ridiculously green jacket and pink wig. Bright and bubbly as ever, Effie Trinket gives her signature, "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor!" She goes on a bit about what an honor it is to be here, although everyone knows she's just aching to get bumped up to a better district where they have proper victors. "Ladies firsts!" she exclaims cheerfully and her hand dives inside the right glass ball for a few seconds before catching one slip on her fingers. My mind races and I look at my feet, praying it's not Katniss' name on that slip. It's not , I reassure to myself, she'll be safe . As soon as I look down, though, something else catches my eye: that old and nasty scar on my left wrist, small and round like. For the many scars that mark my body, I think this one is the worst, not only because all scars are defined into it, but because I get to see it all the time. It's exposed and just one look down makes me come across it. I hate it. I hate the scars. "Primrose Everdeen!" I freeze. I can't breathe, I know what it's coming. "No! Prim!" it's her voice. "Prim! I volunteer, I volunteer! I volunteer as tribute!" And this fast, the scars don't seem so important anymore.