grips her as my eyes well up with tears. "I never really got to know him well… but I know that he would do anything to get you back." Tears spill over onto my cheeks as we hold onto each others hands. Trying to find some form of hope in each other. But that's all gone as we hear the heavy rise and fall of military boots on metal. Our hands separate, moving back to our sides before the Peacekeeper reaches my door. He doesn't even say anything. No taunts. He just opens my cell door, grabs me by the arm and drags me down the hall. I must be in for even more trouble than I thought. The interrogation room is different. Instead of a metal table, there is a chair with restraints placed in front of a large television screen. What is this? I notice that the chair behind the window is empty. Just like I said. I'm pushed down onto the chair, restraints tightened around my wrists, ankles and chest. The screen in front of me goes from black to illuminated with the Capitol seal. "You remember your first games don't you Miss Everdeen?" the voice that regularly haunts my nightmares speaks up. I look at the screen that now shows me volunteering for Prim at the Reaping. Seems like a lifetime ago. "You were so brave. Volunteering so your sister wouldn't have to go. How noble. And then Mr. Mellark being reaped. Some pretty bad luck there." I don't know why he's going on about this. The monitor flips between clips fo the reaping, parade, interviews, even some training clips. All from my first games. "Things were going well for you until Mr. Mellark lied to the world. Loving you? That couldn't happen. He could never love a poor girl from the Seam. Okay. Now I really am confused. I shake my head though I can't get myself to pull my eyes from the screen. "Peeta didn't lie. I thought he did back then but I know the truth now." I say, my eyebrows furrowing in confusion over what's going on. That's when the first needle comes. Pain surges from my neck, throughout my boy. Intense pain. It's a familiar pain though. I just can't place where. My vision starts to get a bit distorted. Everything start to have a shiny outline. What's happening? "Now Katniss… You don't really believe that now do you? If he were truly in love with you then why would he betray you and join the Career alliance?" The screen shows Peeta talking to the Careers, forming the alliance. Him searching for tributes, killing the girl with the fire. Why did he do that? "He-he was trying to protect me. He told me that." Another needle in the the neck. More pain. Vision worse, mind swimming. "He wouldn't tell you the truth Katniss. He was deceiving you. Why else would he lead Cato and the rest of his little pack right to you? Because he wanted you out of the picture." "N-no! Peeta would never do that! He's too good…" at this point, even I'm starting to doubt myself. I look at the screen. I'm up in the tree, Peeta and the Careers below me. Waiting me out. It does seem like he lead them. No Katniss stop this. Peeta didn't do that. He would never. Right? "And then in the Quarter Quell, he let you go off with Miss Mason instead of staying with him. He wouldn't have let that happen if he loved you. He would have wanted to stay with you. Protect you. He would have known it was too dangerous. He was practically setting you up for dead. And look where you are now." Clips from the Quarter Quell flash across the screen. Images distorted. Peeta smirking evilly as I walk off with Johanna. That couldn't have happened, it couldn't have. The screen changes to show bombs falling on a district, people running and screaming in fear. It takes me a minute to notice it's District 12. I struggle against my restraints desperate to get closer to the screen. As if I can save my home from destruction. He stabs another needle into my neck. My mind can barely think. "See that? That's your precious little home. Being bombed and destroyed by rebel hovercrafts. Led by Mr. Mellark." He hisses into my ear. My head shakes wildly. "No!" I scream through gritted teeth. Peeta loves me. He would never do this. He loves me and during the tour I had though that I was starting to love him too. But what they were saying… was starting to make sense. "He deceived you! Acted like he love you then practically turned you over to us!" the screen shows rebel propos with Peeta yelling at the camera. He looks mad. My vision shifts. His eyes glow red, his lips turned up into a smirk. "He cheated you! Are you just going to let him get away with this?!" I keep my eyes on the screen, hot tears spilling over the edges onto my cheeks. Peeta… you're evil? Why did you lie to me? Destroy our home? "What are you going to do about this Katniss? You can't just let him get away with this. He's a mutt. Nothing more than a filthy mutt. You have to do something. You want him dead! You. Want. To. Killl! Him!" he shouts, inserting the last needle into my neck. Peeta is evil. He destroyed District 12. Lied to me. Tried to get me killed. He's a mutt. The television shuts off, my interrogator stepping in front of me with a satisfied smirk. "What do you want to do Katniss?" My name is Katniss Everdeen. I'm 17 years old. My home is District 12. It's bee destroyed. Snow hates me. I'm a prisoner of the Capitol. Peeta lied to me. He's a mutt. I want him dead. "I want to kill Peeta Mellark."