vial of poison. Immediately I knew to lace the knife and stab her." Another pause for drink, "I dashed into the clearing as she whooped and hollered and stabbed her in the gut, furious she slashed at me with her sword which caught my leg, luckily it was a graze but I left the knife in her stomach and I ran and ran and ran. Within the hour I heard the cannon and I had won." Mags finishes and closes her eyes, remembering must hurt her. "Thank you for sharing that." My voice is solemn and I feel a deep ache within my chest, I almost do not want to win. "It is my duty as a mentor and it is nice to have it aired out once in a while." She smiles softly, "Thank you for asking, Lucia." Lucia nods and smiles, she looks a little sheepish but not as shocked as before. "Well," Says Iranaeous, "Time for bed no?" I look out of the window and realise, it is pitch black outside and I am suddenly very tired. "I must retire, we have a lot to talk about in the morning." Mags bids us farewell and leaves, soon Iranaeous follows suit and just Lucia and I are left. "Well, this is going to be difficult." I state morbidly. "It is." Lucia mirrors my tone. "Come here." I gesture with my arms and hug her from the side, she flings her arms around me and cries. "I thought I was safe Finnick!" She weeps, "I only had this year to go and now I'm going to die!" She clutches at my shirt. "What did I promise you up there?" I whisper as I stroke her hair, "I promised you it would be okay." "Finnick you are fourteen how the hell are you supposed to be able to make this better? You're just a kid!" She bolts upright and looks at me in exasperation. "I just know." I state calmly, "You need some sleep, go to bed." I growl, losing my patience. "Hey Finnick, I-," "Save it." I interrupt and stand, walking past her and finding my room, I may be young but I'm smart, I will not lose these games, I will not. I strip off into my underwear and climb into bed, I fall asleep immediately, the sheets are divine. I wake and I hear her at my door, she's sobbing again, and she won't last long at all. It's morning when I wake, possibly seven-thirty maybe eight and I roll out of bed, I notice a door to the left of my wardrobe and enter. It is a bathroom, but a bathroom unlike any I have ever witnessed. Everything from the shampoo bottles to the bath taps are golden and it is illuminated by soft lighting above. An announcement chimes from above in the most annoying Capitol accent I have ever heard. We will be reaching the Capitol in approximately seven hours, that is three o'clock this afternoon; that is all. So it is already eight o'clock, I think I have time for a bath. As soon as the bath is run I slip into the soapy water that smells like sultry red roses. I immerse my head under the thick, steamy water, soaking my hair and scrubbing my face. I grab the shampoo and lather up my hair, rinsing it thoroughly afterwards, it feels good to have a decent, relaxing wash. I wash when I have time to usually, I never bathe. A knock at the door jolts me, sending water gushing over the side of the bath. "What?" I moan at the person at the door. I was finally relaxed, I want to stay in the soapy water for longer. "It's Lucia, I'm here to apologize." She sounds genuine so I pull the plug, stumbling out of the bath and wrapping a towel around my waist. "Alright, I'm coming," I sigh, "What?" I grunt as I fling open the door, dripping still. "Oh, you're, um, naked." She blushes and averts her gaze. "Yeah, it's a habit of mine, but I do have a towel on you perv." I retort casually. "Um, did you want to come to breakfast? Mags wants to talk to us about survival techniques." Lucia squirms uncomfortably. "Sure, and by the way, don't be so squeamish, you'll see worse in the arena." With that she scurries out of the room. Where am I getting this confidence from? She's bigger and stronger than me physically, she could take me out pretty easily. I ask myself. She's weak mentally and that'll cost her. A voice in the back of my head tells me and I know it is right. I sit in silence, listening to Mags' advice. It's all I have expected to hear, get water, get shelter, hunt for food. An announcement sounds as Mags begins to talk of alliances. We will be arriving in the Capitol in five minutes, please prepare any belongings if you have brought them, that is all. The voice cuts out and Mags looks at us both, "Good luck out there, they're feral." She winks and exits the room, preparing her belongings I guess. The Capitol rises up around us, a sprawling metropolis of skyscrapers, people line the train station. It is like a freak show, everyone dressed in every shade of pink, green, blue, purple, you name it. I am overwhelmed at first but remember to smile and wave, I even wink at a woman, or two and receive giggles and cheers for it. Lucia just trails behind me and keeps her eyes to the floor. She has no hope in getting sponsors if this keeps up. A lady jumps in front of my path and before a peacekeeper steps in I grab her hand, bow and kiss it delicately, winking at her as she is dragged away. Let the games begin. A.N - So what did you think? Leave a comment below! Lots of Love, Esuta~