the kitchen and into the hallway, where we rushed up the wonderful wooden staircase. I felt so wanted, so rushed, so out of control. And I liked it. You barely know the guy , panicked my conscience. Go back downstairs, join in with everyone else . We stumbled into the first bedroom Peeta found, and even though there was a giant, four post, red-quilted bed in the centre of the room, Peeta pushed me up against the wall, finding my mouth with his tongue again and letting his hands wander down to my ass, then to my legs where his fingers traced my inner thighs. I could feel the space between my legs become wet, tingling with passion and desire. My own hands were in his hair and on his neck, pulling his tongue further into my mouth. Somewhere in the deepest pits of my brain, my conscience was telling me how little I knew about this guy, other than he was extremely striking and his favourite colour was sunset orange. Also, I knew that I desperately wanted him to move his fingers further upward and touch my wetness. I wanted him inside me . And sure as hell, he seemed to want to be inside me too. "Take off your panties," he moaned into my parted lips. My stomach flipped. What?! Now?! Oh fuck it, I wasn't about to start complaining. I pulled off my heels as Peeta stood breathing heavily beside me, and suddenly I felt like I was in control. Katniss, what the hell are you doing?! My conscience screamed. A confidence pulled itself from within me and I began to teasingly pull down my panties, down over my feet until they were completely off. I was increasingly aware of the arousal between my legs as Peeta's eyes widened with longing, and as soon as I was stood up straight again, he pushed me back up against the wall and resumed his place with his tongue in my mouth and fingers on my inner thigh. He moved his fingers, gently but passionately, up toward my sex. I moaned into his mouth, breathing heavier and still feeling his erect length against my stomach (as now I was four inches smaller than before). The closer he got to my sex, the further down toward my neck he moved, kissing, licking and sucking. I felt every kiss, every flicker of his tongue, duplicated on every sensitive part of my body. And then I felt his fingers push up inside of me, and his whole body tensed with desire. This is madness; you're going to regret it, Katniss , my conscience kept saying. "Katniss…" he groaned against my neck, moving his fingers in and out. My own breathing was ragged, lost; I felt nothing any more but his fingers inside of me, making me wetter with every movement. He then moved his thumb up near his fingers, rubbing my clitoris and making me lift my head back with pleasure as he perpetually kissed and moved his tongue over my neck, continuing with his blissful hand movements down below. "Oh my God, Peeta," I heard myself cry out. "Please…" It wasn't as if I was asking anything. I just knew that this was building to something; I could feel it in every bone in my body, trembling with excitement, pulsing through me like adrenaline. I felt electric – alive – like I would never be able to get enough of Peeta's fingers, or of the feeling of his hard dick against me. I barely even knew the guy and he'd made me feel this way in such a short space of time, a feeling where everything was concentrated on the blood coursing through my body and his fingers inside of me. With my utterance of pleasure, Peeta moved his fingers faster, still massaging my clitoris, until I felt a warm, tingling, passionate convulsion throughout my whole body, and every nerve was alive with glee for a few seconds. I cried out his name, and then the electricity flowed out of my body, leaving me panting and Peeta still pressed hard up against me. He pulled out his fingers, and part of me felt guilty for him not getting anything. "Peeta," I began, and he pulled back off my body, a hand on the wall behind me, "Peeta, what do you want?" I asked. The question seemed to startle him. "What do you mean? I want you, if that's what you mean," he replied, his brows furrowing. He just had you. He just wants to fuck you and then he'll never speak to you again … My conscience is really irritating me. I just know that Peeta and I have something, he won't ditch me. Not now... Will he? My cheeks flushed. "No… Yes… I mean, well… Don't you want me to satisfy you?" He raised his eyebrows and leaned in closer, allowing me to smell the scent of his aftershave. It made my insides flutter. "Oh, Katniss…" he breathed. Even after what he'd just done for me, I still felt aroused by his words. "I want you to satisfy me so badly…" I could feel myself getting wetter again. Was that even possible? He pressed his mouth against mine and I suddenly felt the urge to have him inside me again. Jesus Katniss, what's wrong with you? The opening of the bedroom door made the both of us jump. "Oh, shit!" Finnick exclaimed, laughing. "Sorry Peeta, don't mean to cock block, but by the look on both of your faces, something has already gone down in here," he chuckled again. "Plenty of time for that later, don't panic. You guys coming down? We're doing shots and everyone wants to do one to your arrival into our school, P-dawg." I smiled at his nickname for Peeta. "Yeah, sure," Peeta said, ever the crowd pleaser. "Awesome. Right, Katniss, get your panties on you naughty girl and get prepared for the party of your life."