end of the 75th games, and I'm angry- nothing is the same. Why did I think it ever could be? I've been too naive, too selfish, and too oblivious. By now everyone here and in the capital knows mister Mellark is dying. It's been four months since… I wonder if he's going to be home for the funeral. I'm beside myself, I'm miserable, and it's because one boy isn't home. I feel like I'm ready to admit to him that I- I hear something from the inside of his house. It can only mean one thing, since no one- not even Haymitch dare to enter this young man's home. I'm not sure why but I start to feel rage coil up inside. I rush towards the front of the house, although, I can only say that what I see around the corner is not what I thought I'd find tonight. He might really be home, but his shell of his former self is dejected looking. In my bold, yet shy way I walk towards him shakily. He's taller, but thinner. He stops his hands in his curly hair. I'm so close, and even his eyes look so far away. "Katniss," even the way he says my name sounds too far away. "I'm so, so ,so sorry." He always has had a way of apologizing first. Always helping me find my way. But this time I'm too enraged and sick of seeing him upset. I can feel it. I'm going to say a lot of stuff that I regret. I think he knows without seeing my thoughts that he's not going to come out of this greeting unscathed. I just yell, "WHAT THE HELL PEETA. What was so important over there? Your father is dead, and you only come back for the funeral!" I lurch forward in the inches between us and push him. He only stumbles backwards. That was too easily. He can't get off that easily. "I didn't get a chance to say good-bye", I spit at him, "now you don't either what kind of son does that?" I come an inch from hitting his face when his hand catches mine. I don't think I'll ever forget the look. His eye so glazed over with unshed tears, his trembling hand holding mine, the bruises under his eye I'm just noticing, and the way I finally notice the bandages peaking out of his shirt collar. He just lets go. He just backs away. He doesn't take back his luggage. He moves towards his door again without looking back. I can see his shoulders begin to shake as the door finally closes. I'm so checked out that I didn't see that he wasn't alright. If I'd waited a minute to say what was needed… I created another burden for him. I spread the disease of guilt further into his heart. I almost hit him. My brain going in a thousand directions suddenly remembers the note. The dark and scary note that Peeta had written not too long ago; the note that made me vow not to let him feel unwanted. I rush inside his unlocked house. It's Not Normal. I'm Not Normal. Anymore Peeta I'm not normal. I couldn't possibly be normal not after what happened. This first thing I do is go towards my drawing room. I need to write. I need write and get all this stuff out of my head. I find the room virtually untouched since I was last here. What almost a year ago? I slam the papers I see to the ground. I take the pencils, and shout like a beast as I throw them towards the window. But this only exacerbates my shoulders. The shoulders that were too weak to really hold me up anymore. I slide onto the floor. My back lying on the cold wood floor, and my heart beating erratically. I don't bother to look up when as I notice someone that could only be her come into the room. She begins to speak, but not the apology I think would be on her lips. "I gave my hand for you to hold, I gave my love that you went and sold" I gasp how could she know. My mind races to figure out how she could know. Tell me she didn't… "How do you soften, the thought of carrying coffins?... I tired to make you hear my call" I shut my eyes. Maybe if I don't look I won't be able see her lips move. She betrayed my trust. This must have been when she got so clingy. This is way she was always scared to leave me alone. Tears prick my eyes and fall over. "Peeta, it was an accident that I found that letter. But I'm so glad that I did." "It wasn't right for you to read it. Do you think I'm crazy now. You don't understand what the capital and games are like!" "No, I don't think you're crazy. You're scared, and feeling a heavy weight on your chest now, am I right? You needed time to adjust, and know you need time to readjust." I'm shouting. I'm lifting myself off the fool. Standing up for myself. "Then why didn't you think of that as you yelled at me? When you almost hit me? When I could see the disgust in your eyes!" She looks so ghostly. So afraid, but she still steps towards the beast. "I love you too much to let you let go completely. I've felt smothered by the feeling that you were in the capital. But now I know you were being hurt, Peeta, I saw the bandages…", as her arms begin to wrap around the beast she whispers, "I love you too much to be foolish and let you think I eternally hate you". She loves me. She said it. I fall into the ghostly arms, and finally sob. The girl loves me. My father is dead. The capital broke me.