The thought of a tiny blonde haired brown eyed child running around did cross my mind now and again but I would quickly brush it off now I don't have to. She straddled me quickly. "No need to rush angel, I'm not going anywhere," I chuckled. "I know," she smiled kissing me gingerly. I ran a hand over her bare ass squeezing it roughly. "You on top," she growled. I flipped us over, she threw her head back as I thrust into her quickly leaving her neck exposed, I took full advantage sucking and biting the skin there, sure to leave a hickey. "I love you Haymitch," she purred tugging at my hair. "I love you too angel," I panted bringing my lips back to her's, then I hitched her right leg above my hip eliciting a particularly loud moan from her swollen pink lips which I swallowed with my own. I reached between us to massage her clit. "Haymtich," she cried as she reached her climax. In a few pumps I released inside her placing a kiss on her sweaty forehead. Before pulling out and rolling over beside her. She turned to look at me smiling wildly, her dimple more prominent than usual. "Cigarette?" I offered holding out the pack I'd bought for her earlier. "Yes," she sighed plucking a blue cigarette from the pack. "Blueberry", she said lighting it and inhaling, the sickly sweet smoke filling the room. I flicked on the bathroom light and took a much needed piss before crawling back into bed and flipping on the tv. Eden was already asleep on her back with the cigarette still between her lips, I plucked it from her mouth and put it out in the ash tray. There was a documentary on about the victors of district 12, I suppose because of the girl volunteering at the reaping, I watched the thirty minute recap of my interviews, games, and victory tour. Then it was all about Eden. During opening ceremonies she was completely naked covered only in black coal, although I knew this made her uncomfortable you couldn't tell while she waved and smiled at the audience as the chariot pulled her and Lennox, the male tribute from district 12 forward. It was interesting I had to admit but it was one of my least favorite arenas, there was no wood for fire only the icy tundra that spans for miles. Without sponsorship she wouldn't have stood a chance, that much was clear, more than half of the tributes froze to death that year. There was a little boy named Ty, who was only 13, that she'd tried to protect, sharing her sleeping bag, food, and whatever else she got but the odds weren't in his favor. He caught pneumonia and died soon after. However the wasn't what people remembered her for, when it came down to her and the large career boy from district 1 he threw his sword narrowly missing her and sticking in a nearby tree. They raced for it but she got there first running him threw. He fell to the ground coughing up blood, she grabbed his hand and he held it tightly. "I'm sorry." She said. "It was you or me, I can't say I wouldn't do the same," He tried to smile. "My name is Chamberlain by the way," I supposed he was trying to lighten the mood. "I had to, I'm sorry," She sobbed again. "What's your name?" He asked. "Eden." "Are you an angel?" He reached up to caress her face. "No," She smiled through the tears. "Oh." "Maybe if I apply pressure you'll be ok." She cried taking off her jacket and pressing it to his wounded chest. "I'm glad it was you." "Why?" "It least I have something pretty to look at", he managed to choke out before the final cannon sounded. This exchange seemed some what odd to the people of the capitol who were trained to be blood thirsty. During the clips of her victory tour her stylists almost always dressed her to look like a baby doll, poofy pastel dresses made up her entire wardrobe, her hair was always curled with some type of ribbon and a couple times even put in two braids the way it had been in the arena. Pink lips, dark long lashes, and a surplus of blush on the apples of her cheeks made her appear years younger than she truly was. But she was beautiful, even Snow commented on that which was why our relationship had come as such a shock to the public. During the last five minutes there was a montage of clips of us together, Eden smiling brightly with my arm slung over her shoulder looking completely haggard. Our age difference was more noticeable than ever before as I saw myself fall from the stage at the reaping, she knealed beside me looking perfect as ever. I however looked old, wrinkled, and decrepit as I struggled to my feet only to topple over again. Then there was a sound clip from an interview we'd done a few months ago. "Haymitch is my polar opposite, I think that's why we work so well together." She said. "Well I have to say, Haymitch, I imagined you with someone a bit more ag gressive," Caesar says, his pink eyebrows raised. "I don't need a girl with fight, I have enough fight for the both of us. I need a girl who chases rainbows and makes kissy faces at puppies," I replied smartly causing the audience to roar with laughter. Then there was a final picture of us kissing, her right leg popped up in the air, before the screen went black. I couldn't help but laugh at the way they presented our relationship, in reality it was a far cry from perfect. We fought a lot, I yelled, she cried, somethings slapped me but then there were times like tonight when we were both genuinely happy together.