sting a lot," He says and Katniss takes a deep breath and starts to shake. Great, more pain for her to bear. "But it will soon feel good," He finishes. Katniss gives a small nod and the doctor starts to rub the cream on her head. The moment it touches the wound, Katniss squeezes my hand really hard, cutting off the circulation. She lets out a moan and I know she's in pain. I rub the back of her hand with my thumb, drawing imaginary circles. "You can do this, Katniss. Stay with me," I tell her. She lets out another moan of pain as the doctor applies more cream on her head. Katniss starts to cry and I do everything possible to help her. Finally the doctor places a pad of cotton on her head and wraps it in bandages. But Katniss, is still in pain. "Take a deep breath, Katniss you can do this. I'm right here," I tell her. Finally the pain starts to ease and she begins to relax. "Sorry, Katniss but now it will heal a lot faster!" The doctor says trying to cheer her up. Katniss still doesn't open her eyes and she continues to take deep breaths. It's so hard to see her this way. Especially knowing that I could have prevented this. After the doctor checks her arm and legs, he gives a prescription to the nurse and she starts to fill it. Then she puts it through the IV. "There you go, this should help with the pain," She says and when it reaches her blood stream, I feel her grip on my hand relax even more. Then the nurse walks out the door, leaving us alone for the night. "You okay?" I ask her. She opens her eyes and gives me a small smile. "Yeah," She says and I kiss her forehead. "You'll be better soon, I promise," I tell her. She moves over and gestures me to lay down with her. I have been waiting to do this for a while, seeing her all broken. I carefully slide next to her. I keep my brunt leg away from hers to make sure I don't accidently bump her. I wrap my arm under her neck so that she's resting on my arm. I remember that she can't scoot next to me because it might hurt the burns on her legs and especially her right arm which is resting on her stomach. My lips meet hers and we fall asleep together. I am discharged from the hospital today but I don't go home. I stay with Katniss and I am at her side every minute. She's getting better every day. It's been 3 weeks and in one more week, we can go home. The doctor removed my cast yesterday and I finally don't have to use the crutches anymore. Katniss is finally allowed to be out of her room but she has to use a wheel chair. Today, I am going to take her out of this room. I help her into the wheel chair and get her comfortable. Then I wheel her around the bed and out the door. I drive her down the hall and into the elevator. "Which floor would you like to go to?" I ask and she pushes the number 1. "Let's start from the bottom and work our way up," She says. And sure enough, we walk around the entire 1st floor, then the 2nd, then the 3rd and so on and so on till we reach our floor. I wheel her back to her room and help her onto the bed. She gets tired really fast and falls asleep almost instantly. The rest of the week goes by really fast and finally, Katniss is discharged from the hospital. He burns on her legs are not that bad anymore and she doesn't need crutches or a wheelchair. Her arm is still in a cast and the bandages are still around her head, but she doesn't feel dizzy anymore when she walks. We say good bye to all the nursed that helped us and the doctors and then make our way home. I help Katniss up the porch and open the door for her. She walks in and takes a deep breath. If I know Katniss, she is picturing that night when we left for the baker, one month ago. I come up behind her and embrace her into a hug. I help her up the stairs since she is still delicate and weak. She lays down on the bed and I lay down with her. She cuddles up to me and put my arm out for her to rest her head on and the other arm, I use to pull her close, into me. We try to start our normal routines but I leave out the bakery, since it's still burned down. When I cook, I try avoid the oven but when I do use it, Katniss leaves the kitchen and goes into the living room. Afterwards, I go to reinsure her that I'm done using the oven. She's getting stronger and doesn't need my help going up the stairs anymore. And she just went to the doctors and got her cast off her arm and the bandages off her head. Her head still looks pretty bad but the doctor told us that it will look a lot better soon. Everything is starting to get normal again. We are finally home and together. See what I mean about terrible? ARE YOU HAPPY Miss. LiveLifeToIt'sFullest47?! I will not be posting anothter chapter because this is a ONE-SHOT. Thanks sooo much for reading and please reveiw if you want another story up soon! :) If you haven't checked out my other stories, please do so! :) REVIEW! And please be nice about it. I know this was terrible so you don't need to tell me that or anything else that you hate about it. Thanks, :P ~GirlOnFire99