he asks, she tells him no. "Why not?" He is crestfallen. "I cannot put it into words I don't think. I've never wanted to be any man's wife. Is it not enough that we are in love, that we belong to each other?" She asks him softly. He can't help it when he smiles at her. "Yes it's enough." xi. But it isn't. Not for him. It consumed him entirely that she won't marry him. So he asks again, and again she says no. This time there are no soft words. They scream at each other through the entire night until she packs a bag and he falls face first into a bottle of scotch. He thinks she will come home the next day. She doesn't. He drinks. On the fourth day of her absence, he is at his wits end. He can no longer tell what he is feeling, the liquor has diluted his thinking and the only thing he knows for certain anymore is that she's not here and everything is wrong. When Crane calls him (gleeful at the current development in Peeta's personal life and intent on stirring the pot), and tells him that he saw Katniss today on the arm of a handsome man come to visit from Sweden, Peeta snaps in two, and all he sees is red. He barely remembers the drive to her hotel, or the reason he brought with him his revolver, until the conversation with Crane replays itself in his head. He storms up to her room, kicking down the door, not bothering to knock. "Where the fuck is he?" Katniss' eyes are wide at the sight before her. Peeta looks absolutely crazed, his eyes bloodshot, clothes and hair unkempt, waving a revolver in the air, screaming like a mad man. She slowly sets down the bowl of fruit she had been eating and takes a deep breath. "Where is who, Peeta?" He turns on her, pupils nearly black. "The man you're fucking behind my back!" She furrows her eyebrows. "Peeta, there is no other man, why would you think there is?" "Crane told me he saw you today with a man from home. Don't lie to me Katniss! Where is he? I'll fucking kill him!" She stands slowly and walks towards him as though she is approaching a wounded animal. "Peeta, the man I was with today was Cinna. You've met Cinna." He deflates for a moment. Yes he knows Cinna. Cinna who is a confidant for Katniss. Cinna who was exceedingly flamboyant. Katniss pries the gun from his hand, and he crumples against her, consumed by his tears. They sink to the floor wrapped around each other. "Shh, Peeta, it's ok." She murmurs into his hair. "No it's not. I can't live without you Katniss. I can't." "I can't marry you Peeta." "I don't care Katniss. Please just come home." "Ok Peeta. I'll come home." xii. His drinking worsens. She begins taking trips to Sweden more frequently. He hates that she won't marry him, that she is pushing him away. When she returns after a particularly long trip, she finds him passed out in his own vomit. Sighing, she picks him up, dragging him by his underarms into a bath, before putting him to bed. He remains unconscious the entire time. She cries herself to sleep. xiii. She turns down his proposal of marriage again even though he has the gall to ask in a room full of their friends. The next day he sends a note to her dressing room suggesting she start paying rent if she is to continue living with him without marrying him. She doesn't come home for two weeks. xiv. He doesn't get asked to make many movies anymore. When talking pictures are introduced his career crumbles while hers soars. He doesn't care. He just drinks. xv. They haven't touched each other in weeks. They sit in silence in front of the fireplace while he drinks from his glass. "I wish you wouldn't let the drink consume you so often." She whispers. "Yeah, well I wish you would marry me." He states coldly. When she leaves, he knows it's to hide her tears. He hates how he makes her feel. He begins to drink straight from the bottle. xvi. "I can't do this anymore Peeta." She whispers into his chest one night, tears spilling freely. He tightens his hold around her, buries his face into her hair. "I know. I know." xvii. She leaves. He falls apart. Life goes on for her. Drinking becomes his. xviii. He sits with his friends one night over drinks several years later, despondent, as he always tends to be anymore. Once asks if he will ever move on. "There's never been a day since Katniss and I parted that I haven't been lonely for her." He murmurs before drowning his drink and leaving. xviiii. She can still smell his scent on her clothes sometimes, even though she knows it isn't really his. She hasn't said the words I Love You to any one since him. She doesn't think she ever will again. xx. She's in Stockholm when the telegraph telling her of his death arrives. A heart attack. He was 38. She falls to the floor. xxi. Rumors spread that when she found out, she said his death was of no importance to her. She's never been so livid. She does something she has never done, will never do again. She addresses the public on her personal life. xxii. "I have never loved as I loved Peeta Mellark. I will never love in that way again. My heart is his just as it always has been." She states simply, hoping no one can see the tears welling in her eyes. (They can.) xxiii. She lives a long life. She never marries. She rarely speaks of him. But those close to her know the truth, that when she prays at night it isn't to a God. It's to him.