this one." He shrugged as if that explained any of what was going on. "Where exactly are we going" Peeta asked and Haymitch looked up towards the sky. Katniss followed his gaze, but didn't see anything out of the ordinary. "Follow me. I'll tell you when we get to the thing.'' He answered, and Katniss rolled her eyes. "Could you be more vague?" She asked and he grunted in response. When he began walking towards the edge of the field, she and Peeta followed silently. When they reached a tree stump that had been unnoticeable in the tall grass, Haymitch stopped, and Katniss frowned. A tree stump in a corn field was weird. What was even more weird though was how this one opened down the middle to reveal a set of stairs descending under the earth when Haymitch placed his open palm on the side. "Normally I would say ladies first, but you aren't a lady so fuck it." Haymitch said as he turned to her, and with that he began to descend down the stairs. "Asshole." She mumbled and Peeta chuckled. She followed Haymitch with Peeta bringing up the rear and heard the stump close above them after a few moments. The sound of the old wooden stairs as they creaked under the weight of people was the only noise any of them made until they reached the bottom. While Haymitch shuffled around turning on lights, Katniss took a moment to survey the small room. The walls were made of steel as was the ceiling. The floor was wooden much like the stairs, and to her right a small hallway led to what looked to be sleeping quarters by the bunk beds she could see. There was a metal table in the middle of the room, covered in maps and papers with folding chairs set out around it. Along the far wall there were built in shelves, packed to the brim with boxes of supplies. The only part of the room that seemed normal to her was the wall nearest to where she stood. The panels that lined it looked dated, but usable, and the WalkThrough Device was dusty, but true to regulations stood six inches out from the wall, 8 feet tall and 5 feet wide. The bottomless steel box comforted her momentarily until she remembered it would be taking her towards a still unknown location. Haymitch brushed past Peeta and began to pull the heavy steel door behind them closed, shutting them off from the staircase. When he was satisfied it was shut he held his hand out, indicating they sit around the table. When he joined them he took a moment to look them over. "Alright kids. There isn't much I can tell you right now, most of it you'll learn when you get over there." "And where exactly is "there" Haymitch?" Katniss asked, her tension at not knowing growing by the moment. "It's a place not too drastically different from here actually. A little slower tech wise, comparable to us about two hundred years ago in that regard, less an alternative world and more a parallel universe, but kind of in between. Land is the same as here, a lot of structures are similar in design. Government is fairly diverse across the entire world, there isn't much unity on that front. You'll be going to what they call "America", or more specifically you'll start out in a type of sub state called "Pennsylvania". You guys familiar?" Katniss could feel her nerves getting the best of her, and looked to Peeta who stepped in. 'Yeah we've kept up on it. Uh… Finnick went there I think." Haymitch snorted. "Finnick's there now. He'll help you two acclimate." Katniss almost choked on the air around her at the mention of Finnick's name twice in a one moment, and she looked at Haymitch cautiously. "Haymitch, Finnick died. Two years ago." She said the words softly, because saying them out loud was still a torturous thing. They had all known and loved Finnick, but Haymitch just shook his head. "No, he's not. That wasn't real. He's been over there for two years gathering intel. Why do you think you're in a bunker at 1:30 in the morning? This mission isn't exactly Order approved, but it's important for our future. And not just our future, but every future of every world and every universe." "A Level 7" Peeta whispered next to Katniss. "See? The Boy gets it." Haymitch smirked at Katniss. "Why us?" She gritted out in response. Haymitch sat thoughtfully for a long moment, looking off into the distance. When he pulled out a flask, she felt her fear expand. He only really drank when what he had to remember was too haunting or too close. "Because you two… I know I mess with you a lot, but there is something about the two of you when you're together. I should know. You're about the same in every damn universe." He muttered the last bit under his breath and Katniss felt her breath hitch. Had she heard him correctly? How many other Katniss and Peetas had Haymitch encountered? Both Peeta and Katniss were rendered momentarily speechless and Haymitch took the opportunity to speak again. "Look I'm just saying there's a reason you two are the only romantically involved pair that the Order has ever allowed. You're a force to be reckoned with." He shrugged and took a drink. "When you get to the other side, there'll be a car." He fished around in his pocket before tossing a key to Peeta. "There's an envelope inside with identification, money, personal information, keys to your living quarters and directions on how to get there. Finnick will fill you in on the mission." Both Katniss and Peeta nodded silently, still too shell shocked to speak. Haymitch grunted and stood up, walking over to the paneling on the wall. "Alright. Let's get going." He said, and Katniss shuddered. Time to go to work.