She says bluntly. I nod understandingly. She walks into the kitchen and pours herself a drink of vodka. Looking around at all the unrecognisable faces virtually groping each other, I help myself to one as well. This was going to be a long night… 2 hours later (5 cups of alcohol later) "I'm sooooo glad that we did this! I'm soooooo happy!" I yell then giggle to myself. Meet me; the overly happy drunk who giggles at the sight of everything. "Yeah! Sooooo am i! I just love you guy's sooo much!" Madge yells back and then brings Clove and I in for a group hug. Meet Madge; the lovey dovey drunk who seems to love everybody and everything. "Get off me, you weirdo's!" Clove shouts then pushes Madge and me off her. I giggle at this. Meet Clove; the angry drunk who is never happy and constantly grumpy. Suddenly Nina skips over to us. "That guy didn't want me. Who knows why?" Meet Nina; I assume she's the needy drunk as she was just basically hanging off that guy over there a minute a go. "Don't you just luurve this music! I luurve this music." Madge shouts whilst swinging her hips to the music. "You know what else I love…" suddenly Madge is cut off by a high pitched screeching noise. Everyone covers their ears and groans at the noise. "Sorry about that." The DJ speaks into the microphone. "Seems like the music system is broken so… what about a bit of karaoke!" everyone mumbles in there various friendship groups. "We should do it! C'mon Madgey, c'mon Clovey!" I suggest. "Yeah! I luurve that idea!" Madge agrees. "Clovey?" "No!" Clove disagrees. "And don't call me that!" "Please!" I beg her with a puppy dog face. "Please! "Fine!" Clove finally gives in. "Yes!" I exclaim. "What about you Nina?" "I've never really sung in front of a big crowd before…" Nina says. "Can you sing?" Clove asks bluntly. "I used to sing at middle school…" Nina says. "So yeah, I guess." "We all in?" I ask. They all nod their heads in agreement. "Let's do this!" We walk up to the DJ and ask him to play the song. "Right folks! Seems like we have our first singers." The DJ introduces us. Everyone's heads turn to look at us. We all grab a microphone each and stand in a line, side by side. "Would you like to introduce yourselves ladies?" the DJ asks. We all nod our heads. "Clove Coleman!" Clove introduces herself. "Madge Undersee!" Madge introduces herself. "Annie Cresta!" I introduce myself. "Nina Myers!" Nina introduces herself. Clove: Wake up in the morning feeling like P Diddy Madge: Grab up my glasses, I'm out the door, I'm gonna hit this city Annie: Before I leave, brush my teeth with a bottle of Jack Nina: 'Cause when I leave for the night, I ain't coming back Clove & Madge: I'm talking pedicure on our toes, toes Trying on all our clothes, clothes Boys blowing up our phones, phones Annie & Nina Drop-topping, playing our favorite CDs Pulling up to the parties Trying to get a little bit tipsy All: Don't stop, make it pop DJ, blow my speakers up Tonight, I'mma fight 'Til we see the sunlight Tick tock on the clock But the party don't stop, no (Nu-uh-uh-uh)*2 All: Don't stop, make it pop DJ, blow my speakers up Tonight, I'mma fight 'Til we see the sunlight Tick tock, on the clock But the party don't stop, no (Nu-uh-uh)*2 Clove: Ain't got a care in world, but got plenty of beer Madge: Ain't got no money in my pocket, but I'm already here Annie: And now, the dudes are lining up cause they hear we got swagger Nina: But we kick 'em to the curb unless they look like Mick Jagger Clove & Madge: I'm talking about everybody getting crunk, crunk Boys tryin' to touch my junk, junk Gonna smack him if he getting too drunk, drunk Annie & Nina: Now, now, we go until they kick us out, out Or the police shut us down, down Police shut us down, down Po-po shut us All: Don't stop, make it pop DJ, blow my speakers up Tonight, I'mma fight 'Til we see the sunlight Tick tock on the clock But the party don't stop, no (Nu-uh-uh-uh)*2 All: Don't stop, make it pop DJ, blow my speakers up Tonight, I'mma fight 'Til we see the sunlight Tick tock on the clock But the party don't stop, no (nu-uh-uh-uh)*2 Clove: DJ, you build me up You break me down My heart, it pounds Yeah, you got me Madge: With my hands up You got me now You got that sound Yeah, you got me Annie: DJ, you build me up You break me down My heart, it pounds Yeah, you got me Nina: With my hands up Put your hands up Put your hands up Annie: Now, the party don't start 'til I walk in All: Don't stop, make it pop DJ, blow my speakers up Tonight, I'mma fight 'Til we see the sunlight Tick tock on the clock But the party don't stop, no (Nu-uh-uh-uh)*2 All: Don't stop, make it pop DJ, blow my speakers up Tonight, I'mma fight 'Til we see the sunlight Tick tock on the clock But the party don't stop, no (nu-uh-uh-uh)*2 The song finishes with us all doing one big pose at the end whilst everyone is cheering and screaming for us. What I don't notice – due to the alcohol – is my foot being right on the edge of the stage and my ankle twisting so I fall directly into the crowd… Into fish boys arms… And what do I do? Of course I giggle… Then pass out. *face palm* a/n so there's the first chapter; and I know it's a long one. Wow – 3000 words actually! Tell me what you think, give me some ideas. Review, follow, favourite. Bla bla bla…