the container that was meant for Jenny. The thing about Savages is they don't need to eat everyday like humans. However, that doesn't mean they don't get hungry. Annie goes on food drops for friends once a month if she can. She'll have to let her friends know that, that probably won't be happening for a while since Jenny is dead and that cops are looking into her death. Annie wonders how they found out Jenny wasn't human so quickly because she's careful. So is Annie, she even goes grocery shopping to make it look like she is eating. She always feels like someone is watching, always. Annie probably would've been caught by now if it wasn't for Thresh, he was there when Annie's brother was murdered. The cop saw Annie's face and her black eyes Thresh killed the guy so Annie wouldn't get killed or worse taken to a lab to be "studied". They treat you like a lab rat and figure out how they can hurt the body of a Savage or they just want your defense pouch to make a weapon. It's not the blood that makes the weapon it's the leftover defensive material that they infuse into the weapons. "C'mon Annie, it's time to train." Gale says and they go to the basement. "Now bring it to me." Gale says and Annie breathes in and then releases her body's internal weapon. She has what appears to be wings on her back but they are a translucent blood red color. Her eyes are now black again to invoke this she has to give into the Savage side. "Good." Gale says and pulls out his which comes from his arm. It looks more like a sword that he can knock around. Not all Savages defense is the same they're what you could call races. Annie's good at deflecting and running away but is terrible at offensive attacks. She rarely lets herself give into the Savage side. "ready 3…2…1" "What are you doing?" Finnick asks Haymitch because they are supposed to be filling out the report but Haymitch is looking at something else. "I'm looking for that girl." Haymitch says. Finnick sighs. "She only gave her first name and who knows how many people are named Olivia that go to that school." Finnick says. "With enough determination you can find anyone Finnick." Haymitch snarls. "The girl was innocent Haymitch she wanted to visit her friend and found her dead. Like you told her there most dangerous quality is them pretending to be human. She probably had no idea, just like when families find out their spouse is really a serial killer. They never see it coming." "I've gotta feeling though." Haymitch says. "We barely said anything to her besides, we have plenty of other cases with suspected Savages." Haymitch mumbles something and Finnick hears the word brat in there. "Fine but I won't stop looking for her." Haymitch says. "What's the next case?' Haymitch asks and opens a file. Haymitch smirks. "This is what I'm talking about." Haymitch says and picks up an A listed Savage." "Haymitch I told you to spot stealing files off my desk." A woman with short dark hair and a temper says. She snatches the file from his hands. "Oh please Johanna." Haymitch says. "It's Detective Mason." She snarls. "You get one promotion and you already think you're better than everyone." Haymitch says. "You better keep a watch on him Odair." Johanna says and walks off. "Yeah that bitch used to be my partner till she got promoted. We helped take down a whole nest of Savages and she got all the credit." Haymitch says annoyed. "So, what's the real case?" Finnick asks. "Suspected B level Savage it's a boy this time." Haymitch says with a smile. He likes hunting the boys better because he considers it more of a challenge. "Here." Haymitch says and gives Finnick the file. "And do you see the pattern?" Haymitch asks. Finnick looks it over. Max Peters goes by Marvel, 25, Suspect Savage Class B. "He goes to the same school as Jenny." Finnick says. "And you said I was grasping at straws with that girl." Haymitch says. "This still doesn't mean that girl is a Savage." Finnick says. Haymitch looks Finnick up and down. "What?" He asks. "You're young." Haymitch says. "You could pass for a college kid." "I don't have the authority to go undercover." Finnick says nor does he want to. "I could take care of that." Haymitch says. He wouldn't be able to, no one takes Haymitch seriously. If he put down the bottle they probably would. Finnick sighs. "Let's just start with finding this guy before you have me going undercover." Finnick says. "Fine." Haymitch grumbles. "I'll get started for similarities between Jenny and Max." Haymitch says and runs off. Finnick sighs He isn't going to like working with Haymitch if every time there's a witness at a crime he accuses them of being a Savage. Savages hide in the public eye every day and Haymitch has a record of accusing the wrong people, but he is correct 80% of the time. That is the only reason why Haymitch is still allowed in the field. Finnick just hopes that the girl Haymitch is accusing doesn't get harassed by Haymitch. A/N: I won't update this again until both Broken and Group Project are completed. I'd like some feedback though since this story was kinda original or werid. I blame the idea on watching too much Supernatural - I just got into the series- and having to watch a Baz Luhrmann film for my film class. I watched Moulin Rouge! and Romeo + Juliet both having couples who weren't supposed to meet. I considered doing Katniss and Peeta instead of Finnick and Annie, but I wouldn't have much fun because I love Annie and Finnick too much. Plus I think I'm terrible when it comes to writing about Peeta x Katniss. Anyway see you later.