"Okay." Annie says so she will probably hear about it by the end of the week. Annie walks out to the car and drives home. "You okay then?" Finnick asks her. "They had to take some blood." Annie says. Annie's phone rings and answers it hoping it is the doctor. "Hello Annie this is Dr. Crash." "Hello, did you get my results?" Annie asks. "Yes, Annie I have." "Am I alright then?" Annie asks. "Yes, Annie in fact you're wonderful." "So I was just overreacting." Annie says. "No, Annie you are pregnant." "Oh." Annie says indifferent and nervous. She feels like puking and not because of the baby. "Congratulations, now you'll want to get some-" Annie can still hear the doctor talking but doesn't seem to remember any of it. Me?! Pregnant! I'm only 22! Annie thinks to herself. "Annie are you there?" Annie hears the doctor say. "Yes." Annie says. "So you're alright with finding an OBGYN?" "Yeah I've gotta go." Annie says and hangs up. For the rest of her class she can't pay attention because she keeps thinking about how she is going to tell Finnick. She doesn't want to tell Finnick but knows she needs to. They talked about having kids but in the way distant future. Annie's only 22 and Finnick's only 24 and they are both going to graduate school so their life hasn't really started yet. "Hey baby." Finnick says when she walks through the door. "I'm making dinner so- Annie what's wrong?" Finnick asks concerned because she looks pale and like she was crying. She was crying but only a few tears. "I- uh- I-I-" Annie starts. "What's wrong Annie?" "T-The doctor called me back." Finnick looks at her worried thinking that she might be sick, really sick like she found out she has some sort of cancer. "Are you okay Annie?" Finnick asks. "I'm not dying Finnick." Annie says knowing that is what he is thinking. "Good." Finnick says and hugs her. "Why does your mind always go to worse case scenario?" Annie asks. "Because I worry about you." Finnick whispers. "So was it just mono then?" He asks her but can tell something is bothering her. "No, it wasn't." Annie says and starts picking at her nails. "Baby if you're not dying it can't be that bad." Finnick says. Baby Annie thinks to herself. "I'm sort of pregnant." Annie whispers. "Oh." Finnick says in the same indifferent tone Annie used. "Yeah, oh." Annie says. "Well… we talked about having kids." Finnick says trying to keep calm. "Not this soon we've only been married for three months." Annie says. "Annie it will be okay." Finnick says. "We aren't ready Finnick." Annie says. Annie didn't want to have a kid until she was at least 25 a house and a nice job and traveled the world a bit. "We can figure it out." Finnick says. "We'll have to move." Annie says because they only have a one bedroom apartment. "We don't need to do everything immediately Ann." Finnick says. "I'll have to stop going to school." Annie says. "Annie there are online class you can take when you're pregnant." "I mean forever someone will need to take care of them because daycares are way too expensive and we don't have family very close." "Ann sweetie look at me." He says and rubs her shoulders. "Unclench the fists." He says and continues to rub her back. "Just look at me and calm down. I'm right here we're going to be okay." Annie pulls him in close for a hug and he starts to massage her scalp. "We got some money from the wedding and we have half way decent jobs and health insurance. We'll be okay, money will be tight, but we'll be okay." Finnick says and kisses the top of her head. "I'm a little scared." Annie whispers. "Don't be we can do this." Finnick says. "I wanted to do a few things before I became a Mom." Annie says. "I know me too, but we get to do a whole bunch of other stuff as parents." Finnick says. "I wanna know how it happened." "Annie come on we've been having sex like rabbits ever since we got married." Finnick says with a smile. Annie rolls her eyes. "Not that part… I mean I know we didn't use condoms but I always get my shot on time. Always." Annie says. "Things just happen Annie." Finnick says. "But I did everything right." Annie whispers. "Annie this isn't about right and wrong all you really need to know is that you're pregnant and we're going to have a baby." Finnick says. "A cute one too. Odair babies are always cute no exceptions." "A cute little baby." Annie whispers. "When you go to the first appointment I want to be there." Finnick says. He's admittedly more excited about this than Annie is, but Annie just keeps wondering how she screwed up. "Okay." Annie says. "Ann can you just enjoy this for a moment because in nine months something made by you and me is going to be in the world. We can look at the most beautiful baby and go we made that." Finnick says and kisses her forehead. "We made another person." Annie says. "Yes, because we love each other or because we just wanted each other in the heat of the moment." "Because we love each other." Annie says. "There you go." Finnick says glad she is calming down some. Although the points Annie made are valid they need to move, they need to find someone to take care of their kid while they are at school, they should find better paying jobs or get another, and their health insurance won't cover everything, but they do have each other. A/N:This story will be less than ten chapters most likely five but I tend to go overboard. The timeline will move at a faster pace and have more time skips than I usually have.