her. Usually after a night like that I bring her some weed brownies or something. It's not a friendship really, but it works. Standing inside at my kitchen counter, I throw my mail on the counter top; and look at the stove clock. 7:37 pm. I really need to go to the library to write that paper, so I go into my room and gather what I'll need. Grabbing a backpack I stuff in my Mac Book and it's charger, a notepad, pens, a pack of gum, a pack of cigarettes, a lighter, a blanket (because the library gets so cold), a water bottle, my wallet, and some deodorant. I take out my "unofficial" pill case, and pull out my safe from my closet. When I was first starting to sell my medications in high school as a way to buy things I needed, I learned quickly how lucrative – and dangerous – the "business" could be. When I "expanded" my product base I bought a safe. I pull out my medication bottles. I roll my eyes at my bottle of Zoloft, and discard it back into the safe. I quit taking it a week ago and I can already feel how clear my head is. My thoughts are unfiltered. It's dangerous, but I feel more like myself at least. Finding the bottle I'm looking for, I shake some of the 30mg adderall into my hand and snap the top back on the orange pill bottle, closing my safe. I put all but one adderall into the secret pill case (actually an old matchbook box), and pull the 3 remaining xanax from my pocket to toss in as well. I change into sweatpants, a t-shirt, a zip up hooded jacket, thermal socks, and a pair of Adidas sandals. I plug my phone into charge and leave my backpack on my bed, heading back out into my kitchen. It's 8:00 now, and I promised myself to be at the library by 9:00, when the fat douches leave to go out and the girls doing "frat laps" dutifully follow. If there's anything more pathetic than watching girls fight for the attention of guys like Cato who don't give two fucks about them, I hope I never have to see it. You can smell the desperation in the air – and it smells like home baked goods and hair products, and it wears Lilly and pearls. I put my adderall on the marble kitchen counter top, and fish an old plastic Olive Garden gift card out of my junk drawer, tossing it next to the pill. I quickly down a glass of water, and eat a leftover piece of grilled chicken, so I have something on my stomach. I place the gift card on top of the pill and use my palm on the plastic to crush and grind it up. After repeating the action a few times, I use the edge of the card to form the orange powder into a straight, thin line. I pull out a dollar from my hoodie picket and tightly roll it to a usable size, sticking one end in my left nostril, and using a finger to close up my right one. I snort the line up, continuing to pick up the little leftover traces of powder before pulling out the money and wiping my nose with the back of my palm. Adderall burns when you snort it, and it tastes awful, but I can't ignore my pre-library tradition. I clean up the counter, and tuck a cigarette behind my ear before finally going through my mail. As per usual the to-go menus and meal deal offer are intermixed with the occasional bill, but one letter catches my attention, and causes me to pour myself a scotch and water. The letter was addressed to me in my mother's handwriting. I grab the glass and a lighter and walk over to my apartment's balcony. I leave the doors open as I sit on the old chair I had stolen from a part once, putting my feet on the step stool I used as a "table". I lit my cigarette and take a long gulp of my drink, feeling the weight of the letter in my lap. I haven't spoken to my mom in two years. Well, more than that really, but I haven't acknowledged her existence since I left for school, scholarships funding my way, letting me cut any and all ties to her. She hasn't tried to contact me either. I take another gulp of my drink, effectively draining it, and toss the glass inside. Picking up the letter I stare intently at it as I smoke, as if I'm waiting for it to just tell me what it says. I flick my butt over the balcony – because I know how much it pisses off the maintenance guys – and decide to not open the letter. She waited to years to say whatever is in that envelope; I can wait a few more days to read it. Shrugging on my backpack and turning out my lights I trudge out my door and into my car to head towards the library, the letter obsessively rolling around my mind. It was going to be a long night. So that's the first chapter of this AU. Review or PM if you want a preview of the next chapter. Quickly, yes, unfortunately "frat laps" are a real thing. Also, next chapter we meet Peeta, get a little more back story on exactly why Katniss is so fucked up, and get to meet Madge. There are also a few more surprises in the next chapter. Don't worry, Katniss will heal eventually, but it will take time. I will be alternating between my AU's. This one has more probability of being taken down, so go to my tumblr if that happens or I should have a link to the page I set up on an alternative site in the next chapter.