words rapid fire. The crowd is quiet. Unperturbed, Loc continues, "Well, the Capitol has sent this amazing film to watch so how 'bout we get that started?" We stare up at the screens and President Snow's voice booms from the speakers. I've seen this video at every Reaping and every time, my stomach twists into knots. I always wonder if the Capitol would still treat the Hunger Games as a festivity if their own children were sent into the arena every year. I've never uttered those words out loud. As far as the poor districts go, District 10 has it pretty good and I don't want to be the one to ruin it for everyone else. The film ends and Loc stands to the side, still beaming, as Mayor Temple rises to the podium. He reads off the names of District 10's three victors: Elena Holdway, Bourdain Swift and Ramsay Wellwood. Bourdain raises his flask in toast. I can't tell if he's drunk or really bold enough to mock the Games. Ramsay sits there smoldering with his arms crossed. "Happy Hunger Games!" Loc chimes, taking over the spotlight. The mayor sits back down. "And may the odds be ever in your favor!" Token applause ripple through the crowd. He goes on to say how happy he is to be back and how he's missed the smell of District 10 and the beautiful skies. To his credit, Loc does sound genuine. From my knowledge, he's never resented being assigned to a poor district. But it could just be that his smile is surgically implanted and he's incapable of frowning. What do I know? I can see the back of Elle's head from where I'm standing and when I look to my left, I can see my fellow ranch hands. One of the younger boys, whose name I can't remember, looks piqued. Cord stands further back, staring straight ahead and his jaw clenched. "Ladies first!" Loc sings, gesturing to the girls' section. My chest gets tight and I bite the inside of my lip. He reaches into the glass bowl and shuffles the papers around. He hums himself a little song and I feel like vomiting. It feels like a million years and then he pulls his hand out with a flourish and waves a single slip above his head with a chuckle, "And the lucky lady is…" All I can think is please don't be me, please don't be me. "Persei Moon!" I feel my face and my fingers get cold. The sun is blazing above me but I'm slowly freezing where I stand. Margo's holding on to my elbow but all I can see are Loc's shining white teeth in his wide mouth, "Did I say that right?" He turns to the mayor, concerned. Mayor Temple doesn't respond and Loc repeats, "Persei Moon? Dear, where are you?" The girls part a path for me and I remember to walk, one foot first then the other. My stride is more confident than I feel and my head is about to explode with my heart pounding blood so hard. My palms sweat and I'm sure the burning in my eyes is the stress of tears. But my face isn't wet. I can't let myself cry. Not now. Not in front of my district. Not on live television. I climb the steps of the platform and stand next to Loc who places what I'm sure is supposed to be a congratulatory arm around my shoulder. Instead, it feels like I'm about to be suffocated by a giant snake. "Hello, hello, Persei Moon! What a fabulous name! Why don't we have a round of applause?" He leads the clapping but while his is excited, the crowd's is scattered, hesitant almost. This can't be real . I think. I'm still asleep in the barn. I see Epona's face in the crowd. There's a pained expression on her face. Next to her are Channing and her goat breeder husband. What was his name again? I can't remember. Channing's face is contorted, like she's trying not to cry. Loc moves on to the boys. With the same flourish, he picks a name. My heart is still pounding in my ears and the cold has spread to my arms and legs. I'm going to die . I think. I'll be dead in two weeks. They'll send my body back to be buried here. "Brisby Temple!" If my heart could explode, it would. I can see the mayor from the corner of my eye and his face is like stone. There's a murmur running through the crowd but no one volunteers. No one ever volunteers. A small boy walks up the stairs to stand beside Loc. Compared to the tall, lithe Capitol citizen, Brisby is tiny, frail even. As the mayor's son, I doubt he's never had to go a day without eating but suddenly it seems that even the softest breeze would blow this boy away. Loc turns gentle, "Hello there, Brisby." Brisby's face is ashen and he can only nod. Guilt wells up in my throat and Margo's voice echoes in my ear. "His son just turned twelve." I'm sick to my stomach when Loc tells us to shake hands. I'm briefly thankful for not eating breakfast or I'd vomit all over Loc's velvet body suit. I try to give Brisby a reassuring hand squeeze and his hazel eyes are full of tears. He nods and blinks furiously. I wonder how long both of us can keep up this bravery act. A/N: This started as a joke between a friend and I about how funny it would be if Gordon Ramsay and Anthony Bourdain were your mentors for the Hunger Games. It's evolved into this. I haven't come across any Hunger Games fics that have the same concept I'm going to use. I'll do some more digging. If you have difficulty picturing Loc, I based (a lot of) him off of Ruby Rhod from The Fifth Element.