still watch the Reaping on the giant jumbo screen set up on both sides of the stage. She can already hear bets on who was going to get Reaped already taking place. Taking odds about ages, Merchant or Seam, or if they'll cry as they walk up the stage. She felt sick to her stomach hearing people gambling on the lives of two children who most likely would die within the first few minutes of the Bloodbath. "Sick isn't it?" Katniss mutters next to her. "And what's even sadder is that most of them are informants to the Capitol." Madge took a few calming breaths to let go of her anger. She gives Katniss a small smile. "Kinda pointless, don't you think? I mean, who hasn't broken the law here?" Katniss smiled back. "Touché." Madge turns her attention back to the temporary stage that had been set up in front of the Justice Building. I only have five slips. Madge thinks to herself as she eyes the glass bowls filled with paper slips on both sides of the stage. But Katniss has twenty… She looks past the bowls to the three chairs on the stage: one for her father, Effie Trinket, and… She refrains from facepalming in frustration. Haymitch was missing. He should know by now not to screw around on Reaping Day. He was District 12's only living victor for Panem's sake. Suddenly, the clock strikes two and the entire square falls silent. It's time. Madge sees her father stand up to the podium and begin to read his usual speech. It's the same every year, about the history of Panem, the Dark Days, the failed rebellion, and the reasons behind the Hunger Games. In short, the Hunger Games was a punishment. One boy and one girl every year sent to their bloody death. To show that no one can stand against the Capitol. As he reads the very short list of District 12 winners (literally only two names), Haymitch finally decides to make his appearance. Madge has to keep herself from sighing audibly. He's very drunk. Again. On his way to his chair, he tries to give Effie a hug, which she barely escaped as she pushed him into his chair (knocking her wig slightly askew in the process). Madge sees her father rub the bridge of his nose in frustration at the scene in front of him. She knows that he's imaging the entire Panem watching this and commenting how District 12 yet again the laughing stock of the Capitol. Getting herself under control, Effie strides confidently to the podium. "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor." She says, as if expecting applause, something she knows she'll never get. She'll really angling to get a District with some real winners this year. Madge thinks to herself as she sees the unnatural peppiness radiate from Effie's every action. From the corner of her eye, Madge sees Katniss turn and look over her shoulder. Madge turns around to see who she's looking at and sees Gale looking surly in the 18 year old section. He glares at Madge when their eyes meet, causing her to quickly turn around. That's right, he has 42 entries… Effie makes her way over to the Reaping balls, the clanking of her heels being unnaturally loud compared to the silence in the square. "Ladies first." She says as she reaches into the ball with the girl's name and pulls out a slip of paper. When Effy reads the name on that slip of paper, Madge knows things will never be the same. It's Primrose Everdeen. General Notes: Madge's mother – Since she has no canon name, I chose Marion in part because I wanted to keep with the "M" theme (Maysilee, Madge), but also because I'm a huge Indiana Jones fan, with Marion Ravenwood being my go-to Indy girl. "13's ashes" – Since I'm assuming The Capitol frowns on religion (as it seems most totalitarian regimes do), instead of using phrases like "speak to the devil", etc. I used "13's ashes" as a substitute. This it not something I made up, it actually came from "Spin Control" by Trovia (it's a Haymitch/Finnick fic that is on Archive of Our Own ). I thought it was genius so I decided to use it. Peeta's brothers – Peeta's family also has no canon names, so I made them up myself. In keeping with what I considered a "bread" theme (as Peeta is a play on Pita bread), I also named his two older brothers variations on types of bread. Maze came from the maize (ground corn) used in cornbread while Barm came from barmbrack bread (an Irish type of bread). Mellark sibling dynamic – Since the novel gives us so little information about Peeta's family, their relationship was my own creation. All we know in canon is that Maze is the oldest Mellark child, and would be around 19-13, as he was too old to volunteer for Peeta when he was reaped. Barm would be about 17-18, as Katniss mentions that one of Peeta's brothers could have volunteered but didn't. That was the reason behind creating Barm's antagonistic relationship toward Peeta (although we don't see much here). Maze/Max (the Peacekeeper) - Again, something of my own creation. Nothing about Maze's personal life is noted in the novels so I just ran with it. I decided to use a peacekeeper because it plays into a future plot point later (that I won't spoil) but also because the novels noted that others besides Darius were easygoing and willing to bend the rules in District 12. Although peacekeepers must serve the state for 20 years without marriage or children, I don't think it would be implausible for young single peacekeepers to "play house" as long as they keep it on the down low from the Capitol (which is easy since Katniss notes that pretty much nothing "illegal" is reported unless it's something super serious).