I could, would I go back to a life full of ignorance? yes, I would. I asked Haymitch what he would do, if he went back, his answer was a simple one. "I wouldn't screw up." It's silence after that, we share the last of the alcohol, passing the bottle back and forth till the liquor runs out and we're both semi drunk, we walked, well stumbled really, to the forest. The high fence was turned off and being preped up with a stick. In practice, it wasn't the smartest plan, we were loud, and it was dark and nightlock bushes were hard to find around this side of the forest, but I was content. It was rare that I went into the forest at night, as it was harder to find for then in daylight hours. Early spring, that was the old Katniss's faveourite time of day, the woods awaking after a long winter, but now spring reminds me of Peeta, of Prim, of early mornings hunting with Gale, of all the things I had lost. But now the night beckons me, the cold, fresh air, the bright night sky, which no longer mocked me, the darkness, which no longer scared me, the peace, which no longer was with me. I suddenly loved the night, as the day was still to painful to think about, it reminded me of a dandilion, that thinks might become good again, that life will go on, the world will heal, but I haven't, and I can't. So at Haymitch's yell of triumph, I loudly tumbled to him, and grinning stupidly he held some small berries in is hand. I just speculated our appearence. Haymitch, recking of vomit with bloodshot eyes, and me, bone thin and covered with scars. Broken, depressed and about to kill ourselves, what a joyous pair we are. "It's been nice knowing you Haymitch." Picking a berry and carefully twirling it in my fingers. Haymitch snorted and said. "Don't know why, I'm too much like you" I smiled at that, always a charmer. I didn't care what would happen after our death, life will go on. I was going to die in the forest, my forest, home, and I was ok with that, I was broken and my emotions were wrecked and twisted, I lost, Coin won. Goodbye I could feel my heart pounding loudly in my chest, and I started tearing up, the image of me and Haymitch, dead and being eaten my wild animals crossed my mind, along with how my mother would react, I suddenly felt so selfish, but I don't want to live anymore, it was too tiring, to sad, I was ready to give up, well not really, but it was the most I would ever be. "Goodbye I guess." He nodded and mumbled something simular. We weren't the hugging type, and after all the shit we have been through that was the most emotional either of a really could get. He popped the berry in his mouth with a drunken smile on his face, I closed my eyes and felt my body tense up, I heard a chocked sound then a body drop to the floor, the thud echoed in my mind, ringing in my ears. I think I was in shock by then, I hadn't really expected him to go through with this, hell I wasn't too sure myself, my mind was screaming at me to stop, I always hated being told what to do, maybe that was what pushed me to even be here, I was told to heal, forget about the war, I have done my duty and such, but I can't heal, and I didn't want too. I swallowed the berry in one swift movement, I didn't even have the time to stop, all that I could remember was the sudden sugary taste explosed in my mouth and the nerves in my body stinging all over my body, my vision blurring and my tongue feeling all of a sudden dry. My throat was closing up and the panic started, I heard I strange sound that I realised was me, the sudden erge to stop, the will to live flashed though me before everything turned black, fading into nothing. Prologue Completed, and thank you for reading the first chapter and hopefully many more to come, the only thing I ask is that you read the Authors notes, they explain a lot about the characters and the story Plot on a whole, if they aren't needed I'll keep them a line or two shot and the disclaimer. Reviews welcome, constructive criticism will be greatly appreciated. Now last thing, why did Haymitch kill him self in this manner? I thought about it for a while now, and this is the theory behind it, Haymitch lost his family and his girl to the capitol at sixteen, and for nearly twenty five years sent two kids to death, enough to screw anybody up for life. But the thing that is important, as Peeta once said is that Haymitch and Katniss are on the same wavelength, if you think about it, there lives are eerily similar, both are born and raised in the Seam, both lost there father before they won the games, they both were the older sibling and won the games at sixteen, both pissed off the Capitol, both their siblings died... there are plenty more similarities, such as attitudes and personal views, but the circumstances that shaped there lives were so similar that its understandable how much alike they are. So after everything Haymitch has been through, the Capitol games were his breaking point too, Haymitch is Katniss mentor, as fun as dying from alcohol poisoning or overdoes sounds, I don't think he would of done it, he needed that extra push. There is more to this theory, but I'll tell you later on, tell me your own conclusions to this theory, it would be interesting to read about from a different view.