figure out what their children might look like one day. His children most likely wouldn't be blond; the blond allele is recessive to most alleles for her dark hair, although it's not as recessive as my red hair, which he is a carrier of. Her green eyes are more recessive than his blue eyes, but Dad has green eyes, so perhaps he's a carrier of that, too. Practically everyone is a carrier of one or the other, as Five is almost exclusively a fair-haired, light-eyed district, so perhaps… "What was with you and Thomas in the kitchen earlier?" Abruptly yanked from my thoughts into decidedly less romantic territory, I turn my head to address Feivel with widened eyes and a mouth agape in feigned ignorance. "Feivel, what are you talking about?" Feivel narrows his eyes and pushes against my shoulder with the palm of his hand, profoundly unimpressed. "You know quite well what I'm talking about. The conversation you had in the kitchen, with the dream thing and the comment about having to do his laundry for him. What was that?" Did he really hear that? I sigh and shake my head at the ground. He doesn't miss a thing, that boy. "You're too young to understand, Feivel," I say, throwing in a wry chuckle to brush him off with a little more humor. "Just know that when I don't tell you, it's to protect your innocence." "I'm practically your family, Aslan; I have a right to know what goes on between you and your brother." Feivel is indignant now. I don't want to have to explain this to him just because I'm not sure I can , but he's not one to let these things go. "It was just a joke, Feivel. It's not important to you. You'll understand when you're older." "Bet you I won't be that much older," he says, crossing his arms. "My class is starting Sexual Education this week." At this, I stop in my tracks for a moment and blink at him in surprise. This is a new development. "Sex Ed, in fifth year?" "Well, yeah, that's when all kids take it. You did, didn't you?" "I know, but…" I pick up my pace and rejoin him in silent contemplation. Ten years old. Was that really when I took it? That seems much too young to know about something as potentially scarring as the complexities of sex. Of course, this being District 5, kids know from a very young age how a male and female of the same species reproduce, and that's essentially what we learned about when I was ten, except as it related to us as human beings ("Human Relations" was what they called it). We learned about pregnancy and protection and sexually transmitted diseases and unrolled cheap condoms onto phallic foodstuffs. We never delved any deeper, and that was just fine by me. But two years have passed between my time and Feivel's, and if comparing his homework to my own over the years has been any indication, they have certainly expanded and improved upon the curriculum since I was in Sex Ed. I breathe a sigh that breaks the steady backbeat of our footsteps as we near the district square. My little friend is growing up, and all too soon. "They say they're going to be teaching us more about the emotional aspect of sex, not just the mechanical." "Oh, Panem. Feivel, please don't say things like that around me." "What? Of all people, I thought my best friend would be the one I could talk with about this." "I didn't even know there was an emotional aspect to sex," I say, absently extending my foot to kick a paper wad on the ground. Even at age twelve, two years after taking the course, sex as something that I may someday participate in is still the furthest thing from my mind, and even further from my understanding beyond the simple mechanics and reproductive results. I have heard every slang and technical term in the book from Thomas and the twins; I appreciate and laugh uproariously at the jokes my classmates make; I know that it's (apparently) something that people enjoy, simultaneously the product and producer of healthy relationships, but it's more the academic knowledge of this fact than the true understanding of what sex really is . "Me, neither," Feivel says, possibly in commiseration. "I can't imagine one, come to think of it." "All I know about sex is that a sperm fuses with an egg"—these are the only terms I can use with my best friend without blushing—"and sometimes, a baby results. What could be so emotional about that?" "Nothing at all. Unless you were emotional over the kid or something." "Well, I never want to have kids," I say with a growing smile, suddenly very grateful to have a best friend who actually gets it . "I mean, I'm a kid and I have no idea how my dad handles me, and Mother doesn't handle me at all, so…." "I feel quite the same way. When you're poor, having kids is just an investment in heartbreak." "So there really is no reason for either of us to have sex." "Exactly." I will marry Feivel Maloney one day. I just know it. To all those of you who read through that, thanks for your time. Seriously, my first chapters are always rather long and clumpy, big chunks of backstory everywhere and too much explanation and inner monologue. Just be glad I decided to make the reaping its own separate chapter, which I've started on already. The next chapters will be shorter, I swear (and that's where we meet Wiress, the person I originally wanted to write about). Granted, I promise that on all my stories, but I've never gotten past the first few chapters, so you've never gotten to see that come to fruition. But I have a good feeling about it this time. And, as always, please review.