I then start to move my finger in and out…in and out. I then add another finger, starting to move faster with both hands. I can feel her walls start to tighten. I tentatively put my face over her and work my tongue in the same way over her clit as my finger was. She tastes even better here than the rest of her. I could do this for the rest of my life and be happy. Pants and moans fill the room as I bring Katniss to an orgasm. The feeling of her walls clamped down on my fingers makes me want to know how that would feel on my cock. She grabs at me trying to bring me back up to her. She then kisses me again, tasting herself I'm sure. "Oh my god! Now I see what everyone is so obsessed about," she says ending the kiss, breathing hard. "That felt amazing!" "What you did for me felt amazing too," I reply. "Thank you for trusting me with that" Katniss nods, still lying on the bed. I grab a blanket and cover her with it as she falls asleep. Before she nods off she whispers, "Stay with me?" "Always" I reply. After that night, Katniss made an appointment with her doctor to get birth control. She wanted to be prepared for us to go farther and I couldn't agree more. I wasn't sure I could really wait too much longer. We finished our project, and got a good grade on it. We probably could have gotten a better grade but we always got distracted when we were working on it. Who would have thought that a class project would bring two people who had been lusting for each other for so long together? Maybe its destiny. Or maybe our desire for each other was just too much. The air around them ignites with electricity as his hand lightly brushes over her soft it moves to the place she wants him the most, her body becomes an inferno of need, she stills his hand and whispers, "Peeta, I need you now". Peeta looks up and sees Katniss's flushed face, so raw with emotion, with her hooded eyes. For once in her life her guard isdown and there isno way he isgoing to take advantage of that. "Please Katniss. I wanna make you feel good." She looks up at him and slowly removes her hand as she nods her head. He then moves up her body to rid herof her shirt and starts worshiping the newly exposed skin. Planting feather-light kisses on the swell of her breasts brings goose bumps to her whole body and she arches her back to push her chest into him. Never removing his lips from her skin, he reaches around and unclasps her bra and she raises her arms to allow him to remove the garment. Once it is out of the way he latches his mouth onto one of the mounds and gently sucks and licks hernipple. A soft moan rings in to the unmoving air and the feel of her small hand reaching down to grab him brings Peeta back. "I won't last if you do that, Katniss," he says. Katniss couldn't take the sweet torture much longer and Peeta hasn't even touched her in an intimate way yet. But the fire that ignited during the first touches was so hot that she thought she might explode with the intensity it. This was a feeling that no other person had made her feel. Peeta has worked his way down her chest and to her stomach, continuously placing the delicate kisses all over her. He removes her pants and underwear in one swift motionthen reaches down to check if she is ready. She was soaking wet! "You ready?" he questions. "Yes, Peeta, please. Make love to me," she pleads. Peeta takes a hold of his dick and slides a condom over it and places it at her entrance, slowly pushing into her. When he sees her face tighten up in pain he stops moving, even though all he wants to do is plunge in. "Are you ok? Do you need me to stop?" he questions. "No, just move a little slower, you are rather big and this is my first time, remember?" The stretching of her walls as Peeta pushes inside her is painful but at the same time it isa delicious sort of pain. Katniss welcomes it. Peeta moves all the way in and stills allowing Katniss to adjust to him being inside her. Katniss nods allowing Peeta to know that it was ok to move. But Peeta isn't ready to move, not yet anyway. He wants to savior the feeling of being inside the woman he loves…Yes loves. Even before they decided to have sex tonight he knew he loved her. He was just waiting for the right time to tell Katniss. And this was his first time having sex too so Peeta wanted to savior that as well. Peeta starts moving, and the feeling is so amazing. Both of them feel like they are on cloud nine. Peeta hits a particularly sensitive spot inside Katniss and she cries out. The feeling is exquisite. "Oh yes, right there Peeta, right there. I'm so close, oh so close," she moans out."I love you Peeta- so much." Those are the words he has been dying to hear. And he is close too but, being the gentleman he is, Peeta wants Katniss to finish first. So he moves faster almost pounding into her. He feels her walls completely squeeze around him and that's all it takes. His orgasm comes hard. After a moment Peeta feels his dick going soft and finally pulls out. Rolling over and removing the condom, he gets up to throw it away. He returns to the bed and lies down beside Katniss, he whispers, "You love me, real or not real?" And just as equally soft she whispers, "Real." Fin