him, and she thinks her mouth might be hanging open. Realizing that it is, she closes it quickly, and finally finds her voice. "All right," she says so softly Haymitch blinks at her. So she raises her voice, "All right. When do I need to be ready?" Haymitch actually smiles as he stands, groaning as he pushes to his feet. "That's my girl," he murmurs as he helps her up. He shoos the nurse away when she rushes to attend to Effie, saying, "I got her." "Well, haven't the tables turned?" Effie laughs, struck by the situation. "I'm usually the one helping you up and saying that. I suppose everything changes eventually." She looks at Haymitch, holding onto his arm with both hands as he leads them out of the therapy room. "Even you," she mutters. The day she is scheduled to see Katniss for the first time, she is still not well enough for a proper room. Instead, she has a little private place away from the other patients, a folding wall blocking her from view. Her skin has healed enough that the scars are almost invisible, except to the touch. She can walk for short distances unaccompanied, but otherwise she carries a cane. Haymitch visits her, coming into the room without so much as a knock, carrying several boxes. She has just finished getting dressed, ahead of schedule as always, and she sits on her bed. "What are those?" asks Effie. "Open 'em and see," says Haymitch, placing them next to her. He has actually shaved and showered, much to Effie's surprise. Cautiously, she pries the top off of a round box, and then she promptly drops the top in surprise. She cannot stop the gasp that escapes her throat or the tears that spring to her eyes as she lifts a golden wig out of the white cardboard. "Haymitch!" she exclaims, unable to think of anything else to say. She stares at it for several long moments, and she doesn't care that she is crying. "Oh, Haymitch, where did you find it?" "I didn't," he admits, looking down, and if Effie didn't know him better, she would think he was acting sheepish. "I sent Octavia and the rest to your apartment. I thought you might want something that was yours for today." She puts the wig down long enough to stand, pulling him into a surprisingly tight hug. "Thank you," she whispers, pressing a kiss to the corner of his mouth. Then she's back at the bed, opening the rest of the boxes, revealing a couple of outfits, shoes, and her makeup. When she's finished, she quickly wipes away her tears, and says, "Look at the time! I must get ready!" She pulls out a golden dress that matches her wig and hurries into her bathroom. "Please, wait just a moment, Haymitch!" she calls. Haymitch pauses as he was leaving, before shrugging and sitting down on the bed. "All right," he acknowledges. She comes out, carrying the clothes she had been wearing (now neatly folded, of course), and the dress is practically hanging off her small frame. She turns her back on Haymitch, revealing that the dress is open, a set of laces hanging loosely down by her sides. "Can you lace me up, please?" she asks demurely. Haymitch stares for a moment, as if he has never seen the naked back of Effie Trinket before, when he has. The Capitol went through a backless clothes trend a few years ago, inspired by the horrible, graphic flailing of one of the children in the Games. Not to mention that they have slept together. "Haymitch?" Effie says, turning her head to look over his shoulder. "I have a schedule to keep." She sounds like her old self again, and that snaps him out of whatever trance he lost himself in. He grabs the laces and tugs gently, looping them through the holes. When he's finished, he ties them in a surprisingly neat little bow at the base of her back. "All done," he tells her gruffly. "Thank you," she says, and does not comment on his tone. Then she is gone again, applying her makeup and her wig, and she returns looking like the Effie he knew months ago, before the rebellion. The only difference is her makeup is tasteful, subtle almost. She stands in front of him for a moment, and he realizes she is waiting for him to say something. "Effie," is all he manages. He hates her wearing Capitol fashions for many reasons, but just this once, he's glad to see her looking like how he remembers. She smiles, and reaches for the simple gold flats the stylists had provided her with. She wonders briefly where they got them, because all of her shoes have heels – she's tiny in so many ways – but she appreciates that they thought of her comfort. Once she's slipped them on, she says to Haymitch, "Well, I think I'm ready now. Walk with me?" He lets her take his arm, supporting her weight, and grabs her cane for her. It looks plain next to her Capitol outfit, but she doesn't say anything. He leads her to the stylists, who immediately swarm around her and coo over her appearance. "This is where I get off, darlin'," he whispers into her ear, and if he just happens to lean close enough that his lips brush her skin, it's really just a coincidence. "Thank you, Haymitch," she murmurs back, squeezing his arm before letting go. "Well, everyone, we have a big, big, big day ahead! Where is our little Mockingjay?" He walks away, leaving her in her element, but he pauses for just a moment. She has a smile plastered on her face as she chats with Venia, and he catches her eye for a second. Even dressed up in her old attire, something is different about her. His Effie is slowly resurfacing, but he's sure she'll never be the same.