of our lives. Now I'm collecting the medal meant for my father and his service to the district looking at my family's tear wet faces. My eye's can no longer hold back the water and as I blink, it falls silently down my face but I can hear every drop that falls. I feel a hand on my face and when I blink again, causing more tears to fall, I see Peeta before me and all the memories have gone. I know I want to be the strong one but I know if I don't let this out now, it could get me killed in the arena or worse, I could break down on camera and have to live with people seeing someone weak if I survived so I let my tears flow. Peeta pulls me into his chest, where I burry my face wetting his shirt, but I make no noise. I don't see the need to make any noise as I cry against him; he is the only person that needs to know that I can leave my guard down and to see me cry. Perhaps I feel this because every time he's near me my heart beats faster than I've ever known. He hushes me and rocks me lightly, doing what he can to comfort me as if I was a small child but I don't mind. I squeeze my eyes as tight shut as I can manage and pull myself closer to him trying to stop myself from crying but showing that I don't want him to let me go. Then next thing I know, he's lifting me and sitting me across his lap, leaving my arms around his neck and my face still in his shirt. "I meant what I said you know Katniss, in the interview," he starts as I settle down a little, "I wasn't trying to make you look weak at all, just hopefully keep you alive a little bit longer. I know the audience will do anything to keep tributes alive if they're going to create an exciting love story. I really do love you." Love; that word seems to be everywhere tonight although this time, I'm glad it has come about. I look up at Peeta to find him smiling down sweetly at me. "I'm sorry...for all this. I'm sorry for hurting you hands earlier." I say looking at one of his bandaged hands. "It's ok, I can see the reasoning behind it." Peeta replies. "No Peeta, it's not," I state a little irritated that he would just let it go, "I shouldn't have done it. Not with the games just around the corner and not with the false reason I gave." "Katniss, I don't want to think about the games right now...false reason?" Peeta speaks, confused. I nod lightly and place my head on his chest, listening to his heart beat. It's almost as fast as mine. "I didn't do it entirely because I thought you made me look weak but because I didn't want to look desirable to everyone. I did it out of anger and confusion hoping that I could shake out a feeling I had. I didn't want you to feel that way about me not with what we have to do." I explain. I lift my head off his chest and look up at him once more, to see him still looking down at me, his smile on his face. "Peeta, I haven't felt this as long as you have but I know that it's real. I think I..." I try to finish Peeta cuts me off saying "I know Katniss, I know." With that he leans his head down and gently presses his lips against mine. In my vulnerable position against his strong one, we must have looked like a typical movie couple, kissing before we die however, our story has a twist. We have to kill each other and this could be our first and last ever kiss. KPKPKPKPKPKPKPKPKP I suppose for my first Hunger Games fanfiction, this ain't none too shabby if I do say so myself. I'm taking the book and the film and pressing it with my mind to see what I come out with and this just happens to be it. At least it is so far. I'm half way through reading Catching Fire now and I know there is a lot of information I've twisted and or dropped out in my story but have a little faith, I know what I'm doing! KPKPKPKPKPKPKPKPKP I do apologise for any mistakes I've made in my writing since spelling isn't my strong point and my ordering can be incorrect too. As for phrases I might come out with, I'm English! So sorry again! I have the Capital accent don't I? KPKPKPKPKPKPKPKPKP For those of you who know me on here you will know how my reviews work but for you lovelies who don't know me, I am Trixabella Pixximist and I shall explain it to you now! I do ask you to please review and let me know what you thought what you would think will happen and all that jazz but I like to think I'm different on how I do this part. I reply to everyone accounted and unaccounted. All accounted reviews will be replied to as soon as possible and unaccounted are done down here at the end of the next chapter or a chapter of its own if I've written the last chapter however unaccounted replies will only be done to the last chapter written. I do welcome flames since they toast my marshmallows (: KPKPKPKPKPKPKPKPKP I might carry this story on actually...maybe it depends on what you all think. Again those that know me know how smutty I can get and that THOSE scenes end up intense when done and I'm considering whether or not I should put one in this story if I carry it on. Well that's all for now! Trixabella Pixximist - x