father, Zalachenko, an old man who walks with a stick and is heavily scarred by the burns she inflicted as a child. At this part I hear Peeta suck in a deep breath and bury his face in my hair holding me tighter. "Peeta?" "It's okay" he says "What has happened to you?" I ask. There have been rumors that Peeta's mom hits her sons and that where all the bruises came from but I don't say anything hoping Peeta won't tell me that these rumors are true. "I've just had a similar experience that's all." He replies shifting me so he can lift up his shirt. I turn and see three burn marks on his rib cage on his right side. I gasp and look up at his eyes. They are watery with unshed tears. "Who did this to you?" I question dropping my forehead on to his and wrapping my arms around his shoulders. "My mother" he confesses. I lift my head to kiss his forehead like he did to me earlier. He leans into my kiss holding me tighter to him. I feel an inferno of hate for his mother building in me. "I'm sorry. You don't deserve that." "Don't feel sorry for me. It's not your fault. And to be honest, you're the first person I've ever told. I don't understand why but I feel like I can tell you anything. And I've never felt that before. I feel safe with you and I haven't felt like that in a long time. So thank you." He replies. "You're welcome" I reply back feeling something in my heart that I've never felt before and it almost scares me but Peeta soothes it away by turning my attention back to the movie... Zalachenko, dismisses her mother (who is now dead) as a whore and belittles her rape at the hands of Bjurman. He reveals that Niedermann is her half-brother. Niedermann killed Bjurman to prevent him from revealing any of Zalachenko's secrets. Zalachenko is confident he will not be caught, since being an invalid means the idea of his involvement in the murders lacks plausibility. They lead Lisbeth to a shallow grave in the woods. She tells him the police will find him soon and all that he has said has been published online through her hidden cellphone. Seeing through her bluff, he shoots at her several times as she attempts to escape and buries her alive. Left for dead, Salander digs her way out using her silver-plated cigarette case. Hidden in the woodshed, she surprises Zalachenko with an axe. She then keeps Niedermann at bay with Zalachenko's gun just as Blomkvist comes coasting up the driveway. Ambulances and police arrive to take away Salander and Zalachenko who are both very badly injured. When Salander was buried alive it triggered my panic of what must of happened to my father again. I break out in a cold sweat, shaking horribly. Peeta turns me around on his lap so I am facing him and I bury my face on his shoulder. Peeta just holds me tight petting my hair and tells me that it will be ok a million times. I eventually calm down. "I'm okay now, thank you" I say to Peeta looking up into his eyes. Doing this I understand what Peeta said before of feeling safe, warm and loved. I also know from looking into his eyes what is going to happen next, but it still startles me when his lips come down on mine. They are soft and warm and gentle as they caress my lips. The feelings that come bubbling up as he gently starts to move over them causes a hunger within me that I have never felt before. And it makes want more. So I capture his bottom lip, nibbling on it, causing his lips to part. He lets his tongue move across my lips before I move to part mine too. We allow our tongues battle for dominance for a undefined amount of time but it doesn't satisfy my hunger for Peeta. I've never felt this way before. All I know is I want more. I just can't get enough. But I realize that I just might let this go too far and I'm not ready for that plus it might mess things up between Peeta and I, and I don't want that. Its better to leave tonight with just a kiss. Peeta must sense this because he breaks the kiss first and looks at me. Then he looks at the movie behind me and tells me it's over. We begin to pack up the truck in silence but we keep stopping to give each other pecks on the lips. As we drive home I realize that this night is coming to an end and I'm not ready for it to end. We hold hand the whole way to my house. As we pull in to my driveway I become sad. Tonight was a whole lot of firsts. First date, first kiss, first time feeling that emotionally attached to someone. As Peeta parks in the driveway he looks over before getting out and asks me "So, how was tonight?" "Amazing. I wish it didn't have to end" I say. "It doesn't have to end here, Katniss. I'd like to repeat this. I'd like to do this a lot. Would you be my girlfriend?" He says. "Yes!" I say almost too fast. "Yes, I would love to." Peeta added, "Thank you for making my dreams come true, Katniss. You mean everything to me. I wish I could freeze this moment and live in it forever." "I'll allow it," I smile Peeta smile while getting out of the truck and opens my door. He hands me my stuffed bunny and then he walks me to the door, gives me a hug goodnight, promising me he will call me tomorrow He leaves me smiling, clutching my bunny, on the porch with just a kiss goodnight.