to tease me for another minute before finally slipping the wet fabric from my legs. I am now completely naked in front of him and I feel so exposed. I clench my thighs together, trying to hide my nakedness from him. "Katniss, don't hide from me baby." I look up into his deep blue eyes, so loving and passionate, and nod my head. I let my body relax and when he nudges my thighs apart, he gasps. "You are incredibly beautiful." I smile up at him and he leans down to give me a quick kiss. At the first touch of his tongue against my folds, a shock of pleasure radiates throughout my body. Then, when he slowly starts to lap at my flesh, my body arches towards him and I can't help a strangled moan from escaping my lips. "Oh Peeta!" He chuckles lightly before swiping his tongue against the sensitive nub above my sex. I feel the pleasure building up inside of me as he continues; pulling at my center and making every nerve cell in my body come alive. I am close, so close; I just need a little bit more. And Peeta gives it to me, curving one finger inside of me as his tongue continues to tease. The shockwaves of my release pour over me like a rainstorm, thundering from my core to every other place in my body and causing me to cry out loudly. Peeta lays his body over mine and kisses my forehead, holding me close as I come down from ecstasy. It takes a few moments, but when I have sufficiently recovered, I am more than ready to return the favor. I push Peeta off of me and go straight for his jeans, unbuttoning and unzipping them before he has a chance to do anything. I practically rip the denim from his body, eager to get to him, but when I push his boxers down and wrap my hand around his length, he stops me. "Katniss, stop. I want this to last, and it certainly won't if you continue." I remove my hand immediately. Peeta positions his body between my thighs and I know that this is it. "I…I don't have anything on me." Bringing him closer by wrapping my legs around his hips, I whisper in his ear. "It's okay, we're covered." He lets out an audible sigh of relief and slides into me a moment later. I moan lightly at the full feeling of him being inside of me. Peeta just hovers over me, not moving. His hands are bracing himself on either side of my body and his eyes are clenched shut. I urge him to move by rolling my hips upward, causing a hissing sound to escape from his lips. "Katniss…just give me a moment. Being inside of you is too much for me; it feels so good, so impossibly good. I…I just need a moment before we continue." I whine at him and he chuckles at me softly. "Soon baby…soon." After Peeta has a moment to 'settle' he begins to rock his hips, pulling his length in and out of me in a steady rhythm. I wrap my legs tighter around his hips and meet him thrust for thrust. He fits so perfectly inside of me, hitting right where I need it most with every thrust. I feel the pleasure rising low in my belly, a hot and tingling feeling that takes my breath away. Wrapping my arms around Peeta's neck, I drag him down for a kiss, sucking his lower lip into my mouth. He groans and kisses me hard, biting my lip gently before tugging away. His hands go to gently massage my breasts next, pulling lightly on them and tracing my nipples with his fingertips. I feel my climax building up inside of me, but I need more pressure, so I trail my hand down to just above where we are joined. But before I can do anything else, Peeta swats my hand away and uses his own, circling my sensitive flesh with his fingers. "Oh…oh…" "Let go Katniss." So I do, waves of white hot bliss crashing over me like a tsunami. My fingers claw into Peeta's shoulders and my back arches off of the bed. I have no time to recover. As soon as my orgasm is through, Peeta pumps into me faster, seeking his own release. It only takes him a few more thrusts before his body tenses and I feel him spasm inside of me. Peeta collapses on top of me, panting. When he finally catches his breath, he rolls of to the side and smiles at me. "That was…spectacular." I giggle at him. "Spectacular? I was going to go with mind-blowing myself." He reaches over and tucks a tendril of my hair behind me ear. "Mind-blowing works too. Seriously though, you are so beautiful, and I love you." I give him a soft kiss on the lips and smile back at him. "I love you too." Afterward, we cuddle together on the blankets, the fire still blazing in the fireplace, as well as in our hearts. "I'm so glad you are moving back here." "Me too, can we start over?" I look at him in confusion. "Start over?" Peeta gives me a shy smile. "Try dating again?" I hit him playfully on the arm. "Well after what just happened between us, I think I can agree to that." We end up talking until late into the night, catching up with one another and laughing at old jokes. When I wake up the next morning, the power is back on and the fire has died down. Peeta's arm is wrapped around me and he is snoring softly. It is early, just past six, so I decide to sleep in for a bit longer. I cuddle myself into Peeta's arms and drift back to sleep, thinking to myself that having Peeta back was the best Christmas gift ever. The End