. it's a slow kind of torture, the next few weeks - watching the other tributes get picked off one by one. glimmer is killed by a calculated swarm of tracker jackers. shame, but cato can't bring himself to think on it very much. when it's announced that there is a possibility of there being two victors from the same district , hope bubbles up in his stomach, but he clenches his teeth and swallows it because this is the hunger games and he can't fucking let himself get his hopes up. when it's announced that there will be a feast, of sorts, at the cornucopia, though, he can't help it. clove grins, catlike. "i'll do it. i'm going. and i'll kill the girl from district twelve while i'm out there." the girl on fire. (if katniss is fire then clove is the sea, and cato has always loved the sea.) his first instinct is to say no, you stay here, i'll go, i'll kill her but the words get caught in his throat, because the thing is, like. there's always a chance of never coming back, and it's so so fucked up and he tries to sort out the muddled mess in his head but his brain keeps screaming IT'S HER LIFE OR YOURS TAKE YOUR FUCKING PICK . so he lets her go, because really, what else is he supposed to fucking do? . her screams are awful. cato's head snaps up too quickly the second he hears them. shrill, high-pitched shrieks of cato cato cato cato echo against every tree and rock and he is sprinting headlong towards the cornucopia, nothing on his mind except clove clove clove clove clove over and over again. by the time he reaches the cornucopia, though, all of the other tributes have fled and he almost scurries back into the trees when he sees her, body barely visible in the tall grass. there is so much fucking blood. it gushes from her head, creates a pool of carnage in the dirt. it's in her mouth, too, smeared over her cheeks, and, just. oh god. "cato," it comes out in barely a whisper. "clove," he murmurs, wipes a hand over her cheek, "clove, clove, clove." clove's eyelashes are fluttering helplessly, and she's letting out all these breathy little whimpers that tell him she's not going to last much longer. "hey, just stay with me, okay?" clove shows no signs of hearing any of his words. instead, she reaches up, grasps his shirt in one of her hands, and for someone so close to death she is awfully fucking strong. her last words are, "cato, please. kill her. kill her, please, cato, just fucking kill her ." they are the last words she ever speaks before she's coughing, more blood in her mouth and her eyes rolling back in her head and there's so much gasping and choking and gurgling and cato just can't watch anymore, he fucking can't. they are the very last words she ever speaks before she dies in his arms, right in front of him, right in front of all twelve districts, all of whom stare on stone-faced, his hand still on her bloody cheek. he wonders if she would have wanted it that way. . he does not cry. he does not cry because he does not care, he does not love her, he does not. he does not cry because he is a warrior, he is fucking unbreakable. they will not break him, they won't. he does not cry because maybe clove let herself get attached, but he can't do that. (and now her pleas from the night before the games make sense, and he feels a bit like a monster because this is all his fucking fault - ) he doesn't love her, he doesn't care about her, and he most definitely does not think of the freckles on her nose and her tiny hands and pale skin and remember how lovely her lips tasted in the dark. . in the last minutes of his life, cato cries. he cries because he's cold, and he's scared, and there's blood all over his face, he cries because he is going to die at the hands of the girl clove begged him in her last moments to kill. he cries because he is so fucking close, he killed the boy from district eleven who killed clove, killed him ruthlessly and without thought. he cries because he has a mother and a father and a sister watching back at home and he was supposed to win this, bring pride to his district and he feels like a child, so fucking helpless. he cries because he's only fucking sixteen and this isn't how his life is supposed to end. he cries because he kissed a girl with raven hair and freckles on her nose and promised to keep her safe when he tasted her cool skin and now she's dead, bloodied body being carried home in a wooden coffin. there's no time to thing before burning pain flares up in his arm and he's tumbling backwards, air knocked out of his lungs when he hits the ground, and there is biting and tearing flesh and he is screaming because nothing has ever hurt this bad, guilt and terror eating him away while he is torn limb from limb. abruptly, the pain subsides and he is plunged into complete blackness and he swears he can still hear her please don't fucking make me love you please i can't please. he can see it, dark hair and skinny limbs and eyes full of secrecy, swift and fast and glorious, a true victor - she must've been thinking that when she volunteered at the reaping, a true victor. "might as well give them a good show, yeah?" lips brushing his ear in the train. little fox little fox little fox is the last thing he thinks before he stops thinking all together. /