a business trip to go on." He says "Okay" I say as I walk towards him. He opens his arms and I walk into the familiar warmth of his arms. Gale releases his arms from around me smiles like last time, grabs the door handle and walks out. It's about 3 hours into the party when I finally see him and I had pretty much given up hope that he'd even show. Rye already told me that he had talked to him and didn't feel as if he had gotten anywhere with him. The problem was I wasn't sure if I was quite ready for the confrontation. "Katniss!" Peeta says loudly as he walks up to me. "Happy Birthday!" And he kisses me. There's so much passion in the kiss too, almost as if no time had passed between us. I felt like I was in high school again. But then I taste it on his lips. Beer. He has been drinking. And I break the kiss. "You're drunk" I say "I'm not drunk, I've just had a few drinks. Now where is my daughter." He replies so loud that everyone here hears him and the whole backyard goes silent. "Peeta! Can I talk to you in the house?!" I say, pulling him into the house. "What in the hell is this all about?" "I'm scared and hurt. But most of all I'm scared. You come back a year after you hurt me for the second time with my six month old daughter. I'm a dad. A parent. I don't know what to do. I'm so lost and confused. I'm sorry Katniss. I've treated you so horrible. It's just..." He trails off. "It's just what?" I ask. "My mom said something like this would happen she always said that all you would do is ruin my life and make me unhappy and I guess I allowed her words to fill my head especially when you came back in showed me Willow. The whole time we dated, she kept saying all I would do is get you knocked up and you would leave me high and dry after that. When you did come back and you had Willow I guess her words came back. I'm so sorry." He finishes putting his head in his hands. "I understand. It's ok. I forgive you. It was a lot for me to take in too. Like I said before I even came back into this town I thought Willow is Gale's. I didn't even remember the time being here and for that I'm quite ashamed. I'm sorry for hurting you a second time. I've always said that you'd be a great father and that you deserve to have children I'm just not sure that you deserve having the mother of your children being me. Fuck, both of us have done things to hurt each other to be honest with you I have to tell you something I should have said to you a long time ago." I ramble. "Wait, before you continue that's one thing that I've been wanting to know from Sat night on the beach during the bonfire but the end of summer after high school, you love me real or not real?" Peeta questions. For once in my life I know the answer without even having to think about it, the word roll off my tongue. A word that I've been holding back since that fateful day when I did leave can I say "Real" "Really?!" Peeta smiles. The smile that was always just for me. "Yes" I giggle. I actually giggle. "I'm sorry for how I acted tonight. I probably messed up your birthday." Maybe it's the six years of pent up emotions or its party girl in me from college. Or it's the love I have for Peeta that makes me do what I do. I'll never know. But I stop him with a deep kiss. From the moment our lips touch I feel that hunger again. The one I only ever felt when I kissed Peeta. I nibble on his lower lip and he opens his mouth to deepen the kiss. And a thought crosses my mind before I get too lost in the kiss, I'm home. Several long minutes or many days pass but we both pull back to catch our breath. I look up into his eyes. The same blue eyes of our daughter and that's when I realized that those eyes are the same eyes that have always saved me. They kept me going and brought me back to the place that I belong. And that's here, in this wonderful man's arm. And I never want to leave. And I don't. Four and a half years later. We sit in the park by my mom's house. As a child we called it the meadow. It's a quiet, warm summer day. And we watch as our children chase after each other. Well it's more like our son chases after his big sister on his short two year old legs. The little blonde headed boy look as much like his dad as his sister looks like her mom. Except the eyes, Peeta was so happy to see that he got my eyes. I lean back into Peeta's chest as I sit between his legs and fiddle with the rings on my left ring finger, wondering how I had got so lucky. As horrible as it sounds I'm almost glad Gale did cheat on me because I don't think I would have gotten the wonderful life I now live, if he hadn't. And with that thought I again look up into the eyes that have always grounded me, made me feel loved and the eyes that saved me so many times. And so when he asks "You love me real or not real?" I answer it in a different way but it means the same. "Real. I love you" I say captivated by the eyes of my savior.