seat as I fill the tub with warm water and soap. "Umm…do you need help undressing?" The thought of undressing her excites me in the most primal way, but that's not what this is about. This is about taking care of Katniss. She blinks at me as if realizing that I've been here all along. "Just help me with my shirt and pants, and I can manage the rest on my own. I swallow hard and help her lift off her dark green shirt. Her skin is a mosaic of burn marks, but still she is beautiful. Her pants come next, dropping to the floor where she kicks them out of the way. "I'll be in the bedroom when you are all done if you need to talk or anything." "Okay." I close the door gently behind me as I make my way back to our room. I still haven't gotten any answers from Katniss and I'm hoping she will tell me what's wrong. Some time later, she walks into the room with only a towel wrapped around her slim body, her hair wet and dripping water droplets down her back. I usher her in and she sits next to me on the bed. "Can you tell me what happened?" She looks away, biting her lip and sighs. "It's been a year." "A year?" She nods and turns back to me, her eyes filling up with unshed tears. "It's been a year since…since Prim died." I knew that it must be close to the anniversary of Prim's death, but I was in no shape at the time to recall exactly what the date was when it happened. No wonder Katniss is so upset. I pull her into my arms and kiss her check. "I'm sorry, I didn't know." She sobs into my shoulder and I hold her closer, rubbing her back in a soothing manner. "It just isn't fair!" "I know, I know." "No, it's not fair that I get to live, that I get to grow older and she's stuck in my memories as a young teen. And…and, it's not fair that I'm here starting to have fun and feel alive again and she will never get to ever again." I kiss her cheek again, trying to find the words to comfort her. It's obvious that she needs reassurance that she can live and that she can enjoy her life, even when her sister is gone. I gently lift her chin so that she is looking at me. "Katniss, Prim wouldn't want you to wallow in misery over her. She would want you to move on with your life, to enjoy your youth and feel free." Katniss chokes on a sob. "I…I just miss her so much!" "It's okay to miss her and remember her, but you still need to live. Don't punish yourself for her death; instead, work to make everyday a good one, in her honor." She nods. "Will you help me?" "Of course." Katniss and I try to make every day count. We laugh together, play together, and enjoy the little moments that life brings us. We are all ready to go to sleep one night when I can tell Katniss has something on her mind. "Are you okay?" She rolls over and gives me a heart-melting smile that causes my breath to hitch in my throat. "Yes, and…well I've been thinking…." "Yeah?" "Yeah, and you're right. I like that we are trying to make every day count now, I like that we can laugh again and have fun. We are young, and we should act like it while we still can." I'm happy she agrees with me, but I'm not sure why she picked this particular moment to bring this up to me. "What are you saying?" "I'm saying that I realized something the other day. I realized that it's you, and it always was going to be you. You are the one that I want, that I need . I'm sorry, I'm not good with words like you are, but I wanted you to know how much I care about you." I'm a bit confused at her words. I know she cares about me, but is there something more implied here? "Katniss…what?" She leans forward suddenly and presses her lips to mine. I'm still not sure what is happening, but I'm all too happy to kiss her back. I get lost in the feel of her mouth moving against mine, her tongue tangling with my own. I'm so lost that I don't realize what is happening until she is tearing at my clothes like a wild animal. She rids me of my clothing quickly and hers follow shortly afterward. We are naked, panting and flushed with the fever of desire. We both know where this is leading, know that we can never turn back after this. "Are you sure?" My voice is nothing but a whisper, skating its way across her shoulder to her ear. "Yes," she answers just as softly. I take my time to worship her body, painting it like a canvas with my fingertips and mouth. She moans into my ear, a song filled with passion. When we are finally joined together, I struggle to stay still while she gets accustomed to the intrusion. Her breathy voice tells me when she is ready. We make love, slowly at first, wanting to remember every moment of our skin touching, our bodies as one. I can't stop kissing her, watching her face, locking eyes with her. It gets hurried towards the end, but I make sure I don't miss the radiance on her face when she climaxes, my own shuddering through me a moment later. After, we lie there together, happy and sated. But I can't help but to ask her one more question. "You love me. Real or not real?" She doesn't hesitate for one moment before telling me. "Real." Tonight, we are young and we deserve to be happy. The End.