are "rebellious" or whatever. Or as I like to call them, the humans. The ones that do their damn hardest to make sure that they don't become cheap pawns for entertainment. Of course, I don't see many of those, and the ones that I do are always big disappointments. Katniss Everdeen from District 12 was one of the worst. You know how she won?" Festus made the biggest frown he could possibly make, widened his eyes, shrugging his shoulders and throwing up his hands, looking like an idiot about to say "I dunno!" in a dopey voice. But Augustiana felt passionately about this so she didn't think it was funny. "She and her district partner Peeta had this whole 'in love' angle. Totally fake, but of course the Capitol ate it up. They ended up in the final 2 together—don't ask—and then they were about to feed each other nightlock. That would have been awesome because then there would have been no champion. They were about to eat it at the same time when guess what? Katniss shoved hers in Peeta's open mouth! He looked surprised she had done that to him let me tell you, and as he was dying from the nightlock—she forced him to swallow it—he kept looking at her, like he expected her to back off or eat them with him. But nope, she had left him to die!" Festus tried to argue that maybe she had been planning it all along, and that the Hunger Games forced those situations on people all the time. Or at least that's what he assumed, he told her, since he had never really watched them much. "No, that's not how it worked. If she had planned on killing him from the beginning then she would have somehow let the Capitol know. I think they would have liked that, too, actually; the fatal temptress or whatever, except Katniss wasn't pretty enough for that. She was from District 12, you know, so she probably had other priorities. I think it went like this: right then, when Seneca announced that one of them had to kill each other, she knew she had 3 choices: let Peeta win, let herself win and kill him, or let themselves both die. The first option was out, because who wants to die? Nobody. She probably figured that if she let both of them die then the Capitol would do something awful like hold another Hunger Games, like a do-over or something, or maybe just kill some random people or their families for the actions of the 2 people that they couldn't control. I would have liked that, but that's not what she did. Instead she was a coward and decided to just lie low, being like everybody else and lose her humanity to the Capitol! She could have sparked quite a fire, but she didn't want to light the match. She was scared of the flames." Festus replied that it was best not for her to look for heroes on TV. "But where else could I find someone to look up to? I know that sounds kind of silly since I'm probably too old for a role model, but what I mean is I want somebody that can rescue me, and save me from the fate of having to be a cruel, heartless monster like Snow or this orderly, detached…I don't know what Matthias is, but I don't want to be like him, either!" Festus pointed out that if someone defied the Capitol and started rebellion, they'd probably end up killing her just because her last name was Snow. "I'll be able to manage. I'm fine with not being President if it means the world is a better place. But that'll never happen. Most of those tributes are cowards or cold-blooded killers, whether they win or not. And if they had a shred of dignity before the Games then it gets taken away from them. For the most part they deserve to die." Festus scowled and shook his head; he apparently didn't agree. "Except for a few of them," Augustiana added. "Like Rue. I wish people like her would win once in a while." Festus still frowned. "Fine, fine, they're all human beings. Except us," Augustiana declared. Festus hated the cynicism she exhibited on occasion. He looked at her pleadingly, begging her to hold on to at least a small scrap of dignity, at least for his sake. Augustiana sighed. "It's hard to be human when the Capitol is breathing down your back." AN: Sorry that was so long! I know some of you didn't really care for it, I just wanted to give some backstory to some OCs. I promise once the tributes show up they'll leave the spotlight, for the most part. To clarify what's going on here: This is an AU in which Katniss won the 74 Hunger Games the way Augustiana described, rather than winning it with Peeta. We'll get her own POV on this later, I promise. Also, President Snow died from taking too much poison in an attempt to try and make himself immune to it right after the 75 th Games. Since Katniss and Peeta never sparked a rebellion, the Quarter Quell was something different (you'll see later), and it went smoothly. Also, Seneca Crane is still alive and the head Gamemaker because he was able to pressure Katniss into not starting the spark of a rebellion. Please give me some feedback on Matthias, Augustiana, and Festus in a review! I'm not the best with OCs, but these 3 seemed to come to my head pretty quickly. The form will be on my profile, past the bio. Ignore the poll, it's for another fanfic (I'm writing 4-5 different things at once! I really shouldn't have done that, but I can't stop now!) Please send the forms for the tributes via PM, NOT REVIEW. The sponsor system will be in the next chapter since the form was unintentionally very long.