their Queen. That I would not allow them to make me a monster. I grind my teeth and allow Finnr to hold me back. The dark crush of bodies in the room conceal the identities of the men who stand trial, and as the Queen continues to speak, I come to understand that what has happened to my home was a mistake. That what went on was beyond what Katarine could have ever imagined. How could she not have know what would happen? All of her missteps lay themselves before me, and I piece together the clues that have eluded my understanding of her underneath the weight of my sorrow. Now I can see her for what she is. Young. Inexperienced. Untrained in politics. And yet she had been tasked to lead, and so that is what she had done. I think of the dwindling stock of food in the kitchen. Not much could be grown in soil this rocky, and they did not farm grain as we did. Winter is coming on swift wings. The food would run out. Unless something was done, people would starve. They needed gold. But she had miscalculated, sent men more concerned with rape and fire to my home than simple pillaging. She had made a fool's error. As if there was any doubt that they would be, they are judged guilty. The crowd from the hall gathers just outside the village on a rocky plain, and the men themselves walk tall into the center where they await their sentence. I am shocked when Katarine herself walks into the center as well, armed and solemn. "Their punishment is to fight their Queen," Finnr whispers. "They have sworn their undying honor and loyalty to her. They do not fight for their lives, and they will not dare win. Valhalla would turn them away." This is no fight- it is nothing but an elaborate execution. She faces them one at a time. The first puts on a good show of a fight, and though he is stronger and larger than she, her speed eventually outmatches him. She is lucky the man is so large and so old that he cannot catch her. It would only take a single blow for him to fell her. It doesn't last long before he is sent to his knees, grievously wounded. He drops his head, exposing the back of his neck. Katarine, body heaving as she catches her breath, raises her sword above her head. I think of her shoulder. Surely the pain is still fresh. That injury takes at least 2 moons to heal. It hasn't been nearly that amount of time. She will face three men today- warriors all- and have to defeat, then kill them, all in a bid to restore their place in the afterlife. It is madness. Katarine can barely wield that chunk of metal she calls a sword, let alone fight with it. Her sword swings down. I cannot be the only one who sees the grimace of pain on her face. Surely others see the pained wobble of arm, the white of her knuckles... Nonetheless, her sword strikes true. Blood sprays her face. Her lip twitches and she pales. A heavy thump announces that death has claimed the first traitor. Her eyes stay trained on the ground, locked on the rocky soil beneath her boots. Her breathing is short and quick. A wave of horror washes over me. I need to stop this. I am shoving my way through the crowd, desperate, her name on my lips- Once again, Finnr catches me. He shakes his head. "This is her duty," Finnr says. Her eyes lift. She wipes her sword against her leg. The second man takes his place in the ring. He bows to her, jaw set. I see the shame in his eyes. The resignation in his stance. And then I understand why she is Queen. She will do what needs to be done. She will be what these people need her to be. If they starve, she will do what it takes to feed them. If they love her, she will let them. If they betray her, she will deal them the punishment that will cleanse them of their sins, and bear the weight of their deaths on her own back. "Not long ago, she was a slave here too. A raiding party had gone far, far north, and found her village. She and her sister were the only survivors." The ring of steel on steel. The rustle of boot streaking through loose, rocky soil. "One morning, another slave girl went missing. Katarine was working in the fields, high up, and spotted her. She was on her back in the middle of the ocean, mad with fever, staring straight into the sun. It was Anne, and Katarine saved her. Anne, gifted with Sight by the Gods, told Katarine to challenge King Tryggvason to a duel. She did, and Tryggvason, arrogant and amused, accepted." The second traitor falls to his knees in the dirt. "Lo there, I do see my father-," he mumbles. The crowd around me stills and his words hang in the air. "She faced him in this very arena- and won. By law, that makes her Queen, even if she is Skridfinn, not Norsk." Katarine raises her sword. "Lo there, I do see my mother-" "She is our Queen now," he says, "only she can do this." "Lo there, I do see the line of my people, back to the beginning-" I can hear her ragged breathing, feel her exhaustion in the rattle of her lungs. And Finnr's voice, by my ear. "It is for the sister that survives with her. This is the only home they have left. She must do it." Her sword raises over her head, as it must do one time more before her day is done. This is when I know. It is the Gods who hide monsters beneath their skin. Not men. TBC