gently. I nod my head. He gives me a soft kiss on the lips. "I love you." "Love you too, Peeta," I say. He gives me a kiss on the forehead and lets me go. "Go help Rex, I've got the register." "Are you sure?" he asks. I nod. The day picks up as it wears on. We're kept busy by a constant stream of customers. This is a good thing, as it keeps me from dwelling. The smell of baking bread churns out of the back all day, making my stomach growl. I barely have five minutes to scarf down some of Peeta's cheese buns before the bell tinkles yet again. It's with relief that I finally switch the "open" sign to "closed" at the end of the day. Peeta's decorating a cake when I enter the kitchen, eyes furrowed together and focused intently on a creating an elaborate sugared violet. Rex is cleaning up the messy kitchen. He looks over as I enter. "Are we finally closed?" Rex asks in an exhausted voice. Peeta starts at this and looks up at me, blinking to shake himself out of his creative zone to take notice of me and smile. I nod at Rex's question. He sighs in relief. "Busy day," I comment. "The holidays are coming up," Peeta mutters, turning back to his violet. "It'll only get busier." "Oh, joy," mutters Rex. "I might have to hire extra help," Peeta says as he finishes off a green leaf. I watch him, fascinated, as he does an elaborate twist of his hands and a tiny beautiful flower appears out of the tube of red. He does this several times over with different colors and then finally steps back, scrutinizing his creation. It's completely beautiful, as usual. I'm always amazed at his creations. "That'll have to do. Rex, can you put this in the fridge?" Rex does as Peeta says and Peeta scribbles down a note on the clipboard next to the door. "Thank you for helping out today, Katniss," he says as he turns to me. "We would have been swamped without you." "My pleasure," I say, and give him a light kiss on the cheek. He smiles slightly and a touch of a blush appears in his cheeks. I don't get this reaction every time I kiss him, but I get it surprisingly often considering. I love it when I do. We get to work closing up shop and cleaning the place up. I count up the day's profits, Rex finishes cleaning up the kitchen and sweeping the front room, and Peeta sorts out the orders for tomorrow. When Rex is finished cleaning, Peeta dismisses him and Rex lets out a whoop. It's been a long day, especially for such a young kid. Rex is about sixteen and a lot more carefree than we were at his age. Perhaps because he doesn't have to worry about the Hunger Games. Or maybe it's just his nature. "You ready to go home?" Peeta asks me as soon as he leaves. "Almost." I put the record book back where it belongs, and lock up the front door and the cash register. "Ready." Peeta gets his coat out of the closet, but instead of putting it on like I expect he wraps it around my shoulders. "You forgot your coat this morning," he says with a soft smile. This unexpectedly kind gesture touches me and it hits me once again how kind Peeta is and how much I don't deserve him. "Thank you," I whisper. He pulls out a spare jacket for himself that is light, designed for fall weather and not this heavy winter snow. I pull him close as soon as we step into the cold to keep him as warm as possible. We hurry to the Victor's Village, but by the time we get into the house he's shivering and his teeth are chattering. I hurriedly start a fire and put him in a chair close to it, taking off the freezing cold jacket and wrapping a warm blanket around his shoulders. I take off Peeta's coat and toss it in a chair before kneeling in front of him and taking off his boots and socks, which are soaked with the snow. The prosthetic leg is like ice and I take it off him and set it within his reach before wrapping his freezing foot up in another blanket. "Always taking care of me," he says. I look up to see him smiling slightly and his eyes twinkling in amusement. "Well you take care of me," I mutter, looking away from him. I sit down in a chair next to him and take off my own socks and shoes before setting them and Peeta's close to the fire to dry. "What sounds good for supper? Soup?" "Sounds delicious," says Peeta. "You stay there and warm up. Supper's on me tonight." He smiles softly, and looks up at me with that look on his face, that look that is always reserved for only me. "Thank you, Katniss." A/N: Well, basically, I wrote this a while ago and thought I might as well post it. When I first wrote this, I was going to group these together in some semblance of a plot, but basically screw it. I wrote this so long ago that I'm not going to bother anymore. I think the 'drabbles' can stand on their own as angsty/sweet/cute/sexy little moments, so I'm just going to chunk out what I've got written and post them. Please please PLEASE review! I'm mainly posting this for reviews! I desperately could use some reviews! It will help in posting new stories/updating older ones! This story will be updated once a week, since I've already got everything written. I'm thinking every Thursday or every Friday. What do you guys think? Make sure to leave a review! Writers thrive off of feedback! Especially writers who have been in a pretty terrible slump recently! 3 ~gfg