family, dad, please. Make sure they don't starve." "You know I won't. I won't let them starve. I . . ." "I know." He hugs me one more time, patting me on the back. And I want him to leave before I start sobbing. Before I can't take it anymore and I completely break down. I don't want my dad's last moment with me to be me being a crying wreck. But once he's gone, I let the tears flow freely. When my brothers come in, I try to staunch the tears with my sleeve. They can barely look at me. They give me hugs and wish me luck, but nothing more than that. Then it's my mother's turn. I'm shocked when she puts her arms around me, holds me for more than a few seconds. "Maybe District 12 will finally have a victor," she says when we break apart. For a moment I feel heartened by this vote of confidence. It's not going to happen, of course, but it still makes me feel better. Perhaps I'm wrong about her. Maybe she actually does care. But then she crushes any hope, takes back anything nice she just said to me. She's good at that. Good at manipulating people. I just wish I wasn't her perpetual victim. "She's a survivor, that one." She. She. As in Katniss. Not me. Not her son. But a girl she could care less about. And now she's walking out the door without a second glance. When I'm left alone, I let the walls come down until the peacekeepers come to take me to the car. But I don't try to hide my tears. What was the point in hiding them anymore? Katniss watches me on the trip. I think she's checking me out. Thinking how hard it will be to fight me, what it will take to bring me down. I doubt she wants to kill me, but this is the Hunger Games. And only one person comes out. And she wants it to be her as much as I want it to be her. The camera lenses flash in our direction as we board the train, and we pause so they can get a good look at us. The train is incredible. Or, would be, if it wasn't taking me to my death. Haymitch, who doesn't look so hot after his nose-dive off the stage, goes to take a nap. My compartment is big, luxurious. I get my own bathroom and everything. The drawers are filled with clothes. I shower and change. The richly woven Capitol clothes are like nothing I've ever worn before. I mostly hang around my room during the hour before dinner, munching on my dad's cookies and watching the scenery roll by out the window, until Effie comes and collects me. She leaves to get Katniss. She's changed her clothes as I have. She's got a token, a golden pin. I wonder who gave it to her, whether it was her mother or Prim or her friend Gale. Just the thought of him makes me jealous. I notice the pin's a mockingjay. The reason I love Katniss. Well, perhaps not the reason, but the trigger. I'll never forget what my dad said, why her mom left my dad for Katniss's dad. 'Because when he sings, even the birds stop to listen.' And the same is true with Katniss. She has no idea what her voice can do. She is just like a mockingjay. Effie asks where Haymitch is, and I tell her. She seems relieved, and I don't really blame her. Not dealing with Haymitch's drunkenness is a relief in and of itself. The food is incredible. I've never seen so much good, fresh food in one place. Katniss and I both stuff ourselves, not paying heed to Effie's advice to hold off. When Effie makes a comment about last year's tributes not having any table manners, Katniss freezes, an irritated look on her face. I understand why this comment would make her angry. The kids last year were from the Seam, like Katniss. They never had enough to eat. The perpetually hungry. Katniss eats with her hands the rest of the meal, effectively irritating Effie. It's a bit funny. I'm stuffed to bursting when the meal's over and feeling queasy. Katniss looks like she trying to keep her food down, too. We watch the other reapings. Our competition is diverse, but powerful and crafty. The careers, the tributes from 1, 2, and 4, are vicious-looking. The girl from district 5 looks sneaky. The saddest one is the twelve-year old from district eleven, with no one to take her place. And district 12. I'm pleased to see my emotions were hidden well and all I look is a bit scared and surprised. Not desperate. Not defiant. Good. Defiance won't keep Katniss alive. They play the anthem, and when it's over Effie's in a state over her wig being crooked. "Your mentor has a lot to learn about presentation. A lot about televised behavior." I can't hold it in anymore. Effie Trinket is so ridiculously stupid that this comment makes me laugh. "He was drunk," I say, "He's drunk every year." "Every day," says Katniss, smirking. I grin. It's the first direct thing she's said to me. The first joke we've ever shared. "Yes," hisses Effie. "How odd you two find it funny." For whatever reason her irritation just wants to make me laugh. Maybe because she's awful serious for someone dressed so ridiculously. It's hard to take her serious. Until she reminds us that Haymitch is our lifeline in these Games. I stop laughing. She's right. Plus there's that added thing of me wanting to keep Katniss alive instead of myself. Speaking of Haymitch. He staggers into the compartment, reeking of alcohol. "I miss supper?" He slurs. Then he vomits all over the floor, falling into the mess. Effie Trinket hops away from the pool of sick. "So laugh away!"