i have to go visit her. "Ok thanks bye." "Wait peeta!-" I shut my phone before she could finnish and got flowers on my way to the hospital I ended up in the parking lot and made my way through the doors feeling like i was walking through the devils cave i didnt wanna see Katniss hurt it just makes me hurt. But I knew it would be completely jackassy if I didnt show up. "What room is Katniss Everdeen in?" "You cant see her" "Why not?" "Shes in a coma only parents can come if the paitent is in a coma." "She doesnt have parents." The nurse looked up at me looking surprised. "507, but you didnt hear it from me." "Thank you so much." I left running through floors and differnet halls. I finally found her room and prepared myself before i opened to door and put the flowers in front of me. I opened the door and found Marvel leaning over her saying nasty things like expect more. And i lost my cool. "WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?" "Visting my girlfriend do you have a problem nerd?" "Shes not your girlfriend! What has she broken up with you 3 times now? Your that retarded its over shes my girlfriend now!" "Oh look at loser trying to stand up for himself, well to bad shes way outta your leauge bro you just leave before you embarress yourself anymore." "Embarress myself? wow your sitting here standing over your "Girlfriend" thats in a coma, which i dont doubt that you caused telling her to expect more im sure the police would find that interesting." I opened my phone and Marvel must have saw the reflection of my contacts on the window because he lunged at me and a nurse came and lead him out so i locked the door. "Katniss. I promise that ill protect you from him." I kissed her on the cheek and put the flowers on her nightstand. "He'll never hurt you like this again." I held her hand for 3 days straight because i was afraid that if i let go i would lose her. At day 4 she finally rolled over on her side. "Peeta?" Her voice was barely audioable and i was greatful to even hear her voice. "Im here. ill always be here." she smiled and i crawled to the other side of the bed without all the cords on it and layed with her for quite a while. "Marvel did this. There was a note in my car hes gonna hurt you." "Dont worry about me im worried about you." "No he cant hurt you!" her heart monitor went up and i finally realized that she loved me as much as I loved her. "He wont i promise." I kissed her on the mouth for the first time and her heart monitor steadyed, I smiled and she fell asleep in my arms for another night. After about 1 week of staying in the hospital and cuddleing and kissing she was finally let out with stitches on her shoulder. "I guess im not wearing a strapless dress to the prom." She smiled when i was driving her home. When we got there i insisted that i carried her into her room instead of her walking. She smiled again and jumped into my arms, I carried her upstairs to her room she put her hands over her mouth and i set her down easily the whole room was trashed things were unpluged her phone was laying on the ground probably the only thing not broken. "Oh my god hes here..." I ran over and concealed her in my arms and read the message on the phone. You two are real dumbasses hope you like my arrengements ill be waiting for you to get home -Marvel "Lats go to my house take your homework and clothes." "Ok." She gathered her stuff and i watched a little puppy run up to her feet. "I forgot about Zoey." "Take her with you I dont want Marvel hurting your pets either." I picked the little pug up and we got into my car and drove away. I seemed like Katniss was still afraid of riding in cars but i checked the breaks before we started driving and fixed the cut wire because I knew Marvel would do that. We ended up in my room and i put all of Katniss's clothes into the bottom of my closet and settled everything in. "Look good." All she did was hug me for probably 2 minutes. "Perfect." She layed down on my bed and grabbed my ipad from the countertop. "So whats the passowrd exactly. "Oh, id never tell you! Gimme that." I grabbed the ipad and entered my passcode and katniss grabbed it back. "You have to download this awesome app." "Spraycan i have it." "Oh i didnt know that..." "I know." She grabbed out her ipad and handed me back mine. "Then we have something to do all week." She smiled and layed her head on my chest while i watched her draw. "Its amazing how you can do that." "What draw?" "Yeah its amazing." "Yours are better." "No way your the 4 most popular artist one here and im the 6th." "you know we could be in first." "I know, do you wanna fuse accounts?" "Yeah it would give us something to do." She typed in all the codes and eventually our page hit 600 thousand followers and everyone was commenting oh my god you guys fused?! On our page. "Seems like were first now" She laughed and we spent the rest of the day replying to all these people. With questions like do you know each other in real life? This was probably the best day of my life. Chapter 1! thanks guys for all your support throughout the process and my scketchy phases. BUT it isnt over yet As Cato says he's gonna get revenge...