slowly inside of her. Mercifully she was so wet that I slid easily up inside of her until she was resting fully on me and shuddering around me. "Oh, Finnick...yes..." She began rocking on me without pulling off or on, just gently rocking. She took my hands in hers and held me under her...slowly manipulating her hips on mine and carefully making love to me with the kind of sensitivity I could never have even asked for. I arched my back and reared my head back in the pillow, closing my eyes. It was my first night back in the Capitol and this woman was not a client I ever looked forward to. She tied me to her bed and forced medicine into my mouth that kept me hard all night. She rode me all night. Into the morning. I'd close my eyes to the humiliation and try to will my body to end it. If she noticed my hesitance I'd blame it weakly on whatever pills she had given me. Sometimes the helplessness was worse than any physical beating I ever took. I was concentrating on my breathing. This was not like those times but I couldn't turn those thoughts off. They flooded me. My head reared back and I felt tears in my eyes that I wasn't sure of. "Finnick. It's ok. I'm here." I tilted my head back to her and locked my eyes on her. "That's right. I'm here." I took a deep breath and then held it. I tried to focus on her face, pulsing inside of her. I willed myself not to let her see how hard it was for me. Because it was. But that didn't make me want her any less. "Come here..." Her voice was almost inaudible. She reached for my shoulders as she spoke and pulled at me gently until I was sitting. I crossed my legs underneath her and she wrapped hers around my lower back, locking me inside of her and wrapping me up in her body all at once. I buried my face against her collar bones as I continued to lift in and out of her gently. "Can you look at me Finnick?" Her voice was sweet through the air, thick from her breathing and pure. I pulled back from her and noticed my tears were softly rolling down her neck, clavicle and chest. If I was trying to hide my crying from her I was failing. I took a deep breath and lifted my head to look at her. She took my face in her hands and pressed her forehead into mine, locking her deep blue eyes on mine. Willing me to not look away. Daring me. "I'm sorry..." I whispered, and she furrowed her brow and shook her head no immediately. "Don't ever be sorry with me, Finnick. Just...be you. I love you." Her words only made me more of a wreck. Tears snuck from my eyes as she picked up her pace on me and I met it. She cried helplessly too, an occasional tear rolling down the tip of her nose and onto mine. We rocked together in silence...only the sound of our breath and moaning...clinging to each other and releasing things we had both held onto alone for so long. I was close, my body tensing against her, my muscles scathing and writhing as I fought to make it last. A far cry from the times I would try to come as hard and fast as I could. Now I was hoping my body could hold out enough to stay in this moment forever. With her. "Do you want to come, Finnick?" She was thinking only of me but I could tell from her voice that it excited her, too. "Yes..." I panted noisily and barely got the word out. "Where, Finnick?" She moved on me faster and faster as she spoke. My brain and my body were racing to the finish line as I held her hips and moved her on me. "Right here. I can't...I can't hold on much...longer..." my words came between labored breaths and I bit my lip and she crushed down on me, grinding in circles. "Then don't." Her permission sent me over the edge and I grabbed her hips hard, pushing up into her and screaming her name as I unloaded into her in so many more ways than one. I cried out over and over and I felt her closing in around me as she shook violently in my arms, calling back to me and whispering that she loved me over and over and over. She held me so tight I couldn't tell where I ended and she began. Even after I stilled inside of her, we sat...still connected...catching our breath and recovering. Holding each other and comforting each other. I whispered that I loved her and kissed her ear as I said it. She cuddled into my neck and I gently laid back, pulling her down on top of me. She slid off of me and rolled into my side, resting her head on my chest for a moment before lifting it to look at me. "Are you ok?" She inquired quietly, studying my face in case she thought I wasn't being honest. I smiled weakly, exhausted. "I am. Are you?" I played at her hair as she smiled lovingly at me. "I'm ok." Her eyelids hung loosely and I knew she wouldn't be awake much longer. I tucked her back into my chest and started to drift off. In the morning we would board the train for District Four and our lives would be changed yet again. But I fell asleep that night with a new idea of what was real and what wasn't. I would never again be with a woman that wasn't Annie Cresta. Real. Annie and I would survive this Quarter Quell. Real. Annie and I would survive anything. Real. Annie and I had saved each other's lives. Real.