eyes for long periods of time is difficult, and if she's out in the sun or heat for too long it lands her back with that same strange ache in her head. No one will say anything about it, but Gale, who now watches her with a deep intensity, tells her shortly that with her mother gone, there is no one left in all of Twelve who can help her. It's true. And if she were to die, that would leave Prim all alone. So there's nothing anyone could say, really. Nothing at all could be said. Except… "Gale," she croaks one afternoon as they sit alone in his kitchen, "Don't let her starve, if I- if I-" But even she can't say it. Can't make her lips form the words she knows could be true very soon. Gale mercifully cuts her off. "You won't." She nods numbly. There are words Gale hasn't said, but he doesn't need to. They stand between them like an unspoken pact. You can't. Their twin eyes meet, smoke and steel, in the heady darkness of his unlit kitchen and the shadowy, jealous part of her quakes with a fevered happiness. She and Gale- they belong to each other. They are sibling kits, with clever eyes, and steady silent gaits- twin predators in the dead silence of the forest. Two parts of the same whole. Whatever it was that souls were made of, Gale's and her's were the same. She reaches her hand across the table to grab his, which is rough and dry and so large. These hands are her hands, they belong to her just as much as they are his. Mindlessly, their fingers twist together and Gale's breath, calm and steady, ghosts against her face. "You won't," Gale says again. "I swear it." Its a fruitless thing to promise, of course. And silly, even, for Gale to defy death, when it seemed to be coming for her day by day. His hand tightens around hers, though, and she lets herself believe that she believes him. It eases the sense of danger that hasn't really left her since Greasy Sae first told her the story of the fire that wiped Twelve clear off the map sixty years ago. That night, her dream is a strange menagerie of shadowy, faceless figures set in a blazing purgatory… and Peeta Mellark's inquisitive blue gaze is trained on her, only her, as though she was the only thing in the world that existed. His mouth moves soundlessly, and she tries to memorize the forms his lips take, tries to decipher what it is that he is saying, but everything around her turns to smoke. She awakens with a start, breathing as though she's been running for hours, her head pounding with the strange burning pain that has by now become a familiar specter in her life. A low moan escapes her throat, lost on the slumbering occupants of the Hawthorne home. One name sits on the tip of her tongue, and she can't bear to ask the question. If Peeta did not survive the fire, she does not want to know. She is afraid to think of what it would do to her, if she came to know he was dead. Her eyes slide shut again, and she slips gratefully into a heavy sleep with her next breath. The next morning, nearly two weeks after the fire, she and Gale rise with the sun to hunt. They lope easily out of the house and down streets still coated in ash and dust, their matching gait punctuating the silence with light taps of boot against stone. The first drop lands against the top of her head, and she's sure she's imagined it. But when a second falls, right on the tip of her nose, she turns in shock to Gale just as the sky above them opens up. Gale starts to laugh- its a deep, throaty sound- and the moment is so absurd that she does as well. Alone in the dead of early morning, and soaked completely through their clothes, they stand laughing in the middle of the burned out remains of the Merchant-Seam divide, watching ash and dust turn to streams of mud before their very eyes. He scoops her up, tugs her against his chest and holds her close. She opens her mouth and tilts her face upward, toward the sky, and heavy droplets plop on her face, into her mouth and trickle up her nose. It's sweet and cold, and she swallows and chokes all at once, trying not to spit it back out. Trying not to waste a single precious drop. Gale follows her lead, and they're pressed together, ridiculous grins plastered on their faces, collecting rain in their mouths like they're children. He sets her down and she twirls, her arms wide, and lets the rain soak through her hair and clothes, washing the sweat and ash from her body onto the street below. Feeling the weight of a gaze upon her, she stops, mid-twirl, and stares into the muggy haze. Her breath catches in her chest at the slumped figure standing in the doorway of one of the temporary residence structures built for merchants in the Seam. Peeta survived after all. A/N: I want to give a HUGE thank you to my wonderful beta Opaque, without whom I would have never gotten this finished! She's seriously amazing! This story is part of a larger series I am working on I've titled 'Without', inspired by some of the most poisonous flowers in the world. I got the idea from Prompts in Panem about two weeks or so before the whole Flowers of Panem contest started, and it just stuck with me. Check out my profile to find out more about my 'Without' stories. This particular one should run something like 10 chapters. Please take a moment and hit that review button, if you're so inclined, and let me know what you think!