beginning to rinse it when I push him roughly away with my arm, sending him backwards. For a moment, there is a tense stillness between us. He watches me nervously as I glare at him with swollen, furious eyes. "Sorry," he murmurs in surprise as his face burns pink. He stumbles a little as he stands. "You want to finish on your own?" Shaking with anger, I feel my face twisting into a snarl. "I never needed your help." "Ok. I'm sorry. I'll be right outside." The snick of the door closing triggers a quiver in my lip and I clench my jaw to keep myself from screaming. I think frantically, where can I burrow myself? Underwater. So that's where I go. I strip, sink myself into the water in the tub until I am completely submerged. I meant to cry here, but the heat from the water smoothes out the tension in my jaw and neck and suddenly I am more exhausted than angry. Every light clink and rustle is magnified a hundred times and I catch a glimpse of a smaller, quieter world. I stay under until my need for air becomes overwhelming. When I emerge from the tub, fragrant and warm, my skin puckering and my hair in a loose, wet braid, I feel something shift inside of me. Not better. Not different. But like I have refocused the camera in my mind. As I leave the bathroom, Peeta is leaning against the wall with his head back and his eyes closed. They flutter open when I walk into the room dressed in my old, sour clothes. He sits me on the bed. I mean to fight him again, but I am losing my will to do much of anything besides crawl back underneath the blanket and find my way back to sleep. A steadying hand on my shoulder is my only clue that I had been listing to the side. "Not yet. You need to eat something." He puts something round in my hands, and when the smell of it hits me, I feel hungry in a way I haven't felt in forever. Its bread. And its warm . "I'm going to check on Johanna now. I'll be back tomorrow." And then he's gone. I try to eat. Because I should. Because I know I have to. Because my stomach feels cavernous, and even though I've managed to ignore it, it does actually hurt. Mechanical. That's how I do it. I am a machine and I need fuel. Bite after bite, until I've eaten nearly half. Then I'm too tired and I need to rest. My bed smells like a sick body, pungent and heady, but I'm too tired to care. Finally, I roll onto my side. Tuck my legs into my body. Sleep. For the first time since I left Boulder, I don't dream at all. It's a real sleep, with no voices, or flames or racing hearts. Like dense black wool, it swaddles me in a heavy silence that takes me hours to crawl my way out of. When I wake up, the sun hasn't risen. I lie there staring up into the indigo sky from the window that sits above my bed and I understand why this feels familiar. I was once on the other side of this, from the outside looking in. With Mom. I remember the slippery silk of her pale gold hair in my hands. The smell of Johnson's soap and human sick. Her eyes, pillowed in the dark folds of her lids, drifting shut. Midway through, I am screaming her awake because she's stopped breathing in her sleep. Its just apnea. She's not really dead. Gasping and sputtering, she mumbles out a disjointed apology. The shampoo bottle has fallen in the bath water and as she sits up, I understand that this must happen often. I have only caught a glimpse. The bottle bobs by, its promise of 'No Tears!' peeking out through the suds on the surface of the water. I am furious. I am helpless. The oxycontin she's addicted to will kill her. And there is nothing I can do. When Peeta arrives to check on me that morning I am already dressed, tying the laces of my boots on the front porch. I meet his eyes. The knot is a promise - I don't need to watch my fingers as they pull it tight. I stand and walk away. I have a dawn hike to lead, and no time to feel ashamed of what those blue eyes have seen of me. A/N: So this roller-coaster of a fic is 'Home is in Your Skin'. As you can tell, I'll be dealing with some seriously dark content, but rest assured, this chapter is as bad as it will get in terms of angst. Everything from here on out gets better. This is part two of my 'Without Series', inspired by toxic plants from around the world. This story is inspired by foxglove, and this AU is 'a world without Panem'. I would like to dedicate this chapter to the wonderful folks who helped this fic happen: -My good friend M , who's initial input was critical to helping me set the scene. -My lovely pre-reader Purple_Cube , who helped me make some important decisions, and corrected every single instance of "its vs it's" through the entire chapter. If you haven't read her work yet, I so highly recommend that you do, because her work is awesome! -And, finally, my incredible beta Opaque , who's feedback and insight is not only mind-blowingly astute, but also comes from a deep understanding of the characters and themes of the Hunger Games. Where I'd be without her I don't know. But since she basically introduced me everything I know about Peeta, it would definitely be a world without him. And who wants that? Questions? Comments? Updates and Outtakes? Come find me on tumblr (link is on my profile). Thanks for reading!