on the wood, waits for Paylor's vocal admittance, then holds the doors open for Finnick to walk through. Finnick inclines his head to the guard, who returns the gesture in kind and lets the door click closed behind him. President Paylor is precisely how Finnick recalls her from the propo, if perhaps with sharper angles and eyes of a warmer brown than they'd appeared on the broadcast. "President," he greets politely. "Nice office." It's not entirely a lie, since although the room is fundamentally the same as it was when Snow owned it, everything else has been altered. The desk is no longer of an onyx wood but a deep cherry, the carpet and window draperies not ivory but dark burgundy. To Finnick it's the color of half-tacky blood, and he wonders if maybe that's the point. In any event, he's glad she decided to redecorate. As soon as the words are out of his mouth, she gets up from her chair and walks around the desk. Pausing there to face him, she abruptly places her hands on his shoulders. He tries not to flinch at the unexpected touch, calmly reminding himself that she's not a client, not even an adversary. He doesn't have those anymore. "Soldier Odair," she says respectfully. "I think I speak for all of us when I express how pleased I am that you're alive." "So I've heard," Finnick replies. "Can't say I'm not surprised. I was just a cog in the machine." Paylor stifles a laugh. "You weren't," she rejects simply, refraining from elaboration. Finnick appreciates it—he's never been good at accepting real compliments. "We held a ceremony for the fallen," she continues. "There is an old procedure from before the Dark Days, when they awarded medals to those who suffered injuries in battle. Archives call them Purple Hearts, and in honor of a new government, we decided to reinstitute that practice." Paylor drops her hands as Finnick waits, wondering what exactly this has to do with him. "You were the first of the recipients, and we bestowed yours to your wife, given the…absence," she clarifies. "About that," Finnick says quietly, voicing something that's gnawed at him since he and Annie wed in the first place, "even though we married in District 13, I trust the validity extends throughout Panem?" "Oh, of course," Paylor affirms. "We required Annie to sign an official certificate while she was here, to ensure everything was squared away, but yes, it is valid." "Good." "Now, Finnick," Paylor shifts topics brusquely, "I must ask… how exactly did you recover? Katniss was in no state to tell us what happened, but Gale Hawthorne relayed that you were taken down by muttations and then, ah, blown up." I didn't even know Gale was paying attention , Finnick thinks bitterly, remembering only Katniss who had even remotely tried to help him. Now that he has a life to be bitter about, he lets himself ignore that they were in the middle of battle and that Gale's leaving him behind was essentially the just course of action. "Seneca Crane," Finnick grunts, loath to admit it. Paylor raises her eyebrows, not bothering to hide her shock. "Yeah, I know. Apparently Snow didn't execute him, but handed him over to Genetics who made him some sort of human-lizard hybrid. I don't really know or care how it works. But I guess spending enough time around the Games gave him enough medical knowledge to repair me. More or less. He…saved my life." Paylor looks about as repulsed as Finnick feels, which gives him a modicum of vindication. "What are his conditions?" she asks, cutting to the chase. "A pardon," Finnick answers. "Getting rid of the scales probably tops his list, too." "That…will take some time to consider," says Paylor. "Anyone of his status is an automatic execution. And even if we were to forgive his past, our science divisions are ghosts of what they were. Half the records for R-and-D were destroyed in the bombings." "That's not really my concern," Finnick replies. "I don't give a fuck what you do with him." Paylor studies him curiously. "What is it you want, then, Mr. Odair?" Finnick feels tears spring to his eyes. "Honestly, President Paylor, I just want to go home ." A smile softens the woman's face. "That, I think, we can manage." Even a full night's rest in the mansion's plushest guest rooms doesn't cure the complaints from his overworked muscles, nor the too-tight stretch of his skin, but once the train doors open onto the platform in District Four and the scent of the sea hits his senses, it all fades away. He can't run yet, not with his legs weakened as they are, but the breeze is enough in and of itself. Brushing roughly through the citizens milling at the station, Finnick eagerly hurries towards the beach, tugging off his shoes the instant he hits the sand. It's a balm to his soul, feeling the grains squidge between his toes, the cold sting of the ocean as it splashes over his calves. Outlines of sea trawlers dot the horizon, still dragging their nets for the day's catch. He traces a path he knows well, breaking into a slow jog the closer he gets. He doesn't believe in fate, or magic, or anything of the sort, yet somehow he knows she'll be there. She is, coming into sight as he crests a hill. Barefoot, she stares out at the horizon with her arms wrapped around herself, huddled from chill or memory. He notices a swell in her belly where it used to be flat, feels a not-unpleasant flip of his heart, but even that is secondary to her . And when she turns upon hearing his approach, when he sees that auburn hair twisted with gold sashay about her face and those green eyes fix upon him for the first time in what seems like a lifetime, naught but a single word passes his lips. "Annie."