I let their Mockingjay die, too. And they probably wouldn't let me have any cake." And for a brief instant Katniss smiled. Through hours of interviews and days of vid-recording and weeks of the Victory tour I don't think I ever saw her truly, honestly, freely, smile. She should do it more often. "Everyone, grab what's useful and let's move out." I can feel my body body loosing contact with the ground. Up the stairs, hurrying down one end of the roof to the other, I'm lifted between Hanson and Porter toward what looks like a Government hovership hanging above my building. At least, with the prominent Government seal and identification markings, it would be a Government ship if not for the gray-clothed soldiers standing guard on either side of a tall, good-looking young man whom I assume to be Gale. "I was about to go in there after you. What happened?" "I'll explain later, nothing we couldn't handle. Or, nothing Johanna and the team couldn't handle. Take Caesar and let's get out of here. It won't be long before the rest of that Peacekeeper Unit figures out we're not on their side." Gale Hawthorne – from Katnisses' background files I know he's a family member; a cousin, I believe; a miner from District 12 who's never been selected nor volunteered, and has now aged out of the Games. But he must have gained combat experience somewhere, as he's far more clearheaded in this situation than I am through my ever-growing disorientation and confusion. Directing rebel soldiers as they strap me into a canvas chair which is lifted through the door of the waiting hovership, I'm unceremoniously dumped, once again, onto one of the benches set along the sides of the craft. For someone important enough for a rescue, there hasn't been a lot of consideration involved. Maybe whoever's in charge of this rebellion made Katniss believe this is a rescue to get her to cooperate. My importance to the rebels might not be what I can, and have, contributed to their cause, but rather in removing me from being used by the Capitol. Any interest in me could easily be more about keeping me quiet than sheltering an ally. I don't know what District 13 holds for me – until a few moments ago, I wasn't certain District 13 actually exists. But If I'm held as a prisoner, or hailed as a hero, it's a better fate than what Snow and the Peacekeepers had in mind. And, for an experienced reporter, it might make a good story. 8 Katniss, Johanna and the other soldiers must have either been pulled onto the ship with ropes, or climbed up themselves because suddenly some were there sitting beside me; others appeared at the font of the ship, talking and giving orders; and for some reason two of them seemed to be editing voicedocs at an audio terminal. But those two weren't any soldiers I had seen before; I recognized them as two techs from the Capitol Games studio who, for no apparent reason, were wearing helmets and body armor over their worksuits. It's not surprising I'm seeing things, the past few hours have been unimaginable to anyone who's life, until now, has consisted of little more than wearing fancy clothes and effecting the personality of 'charming host' in front of an audience. In combination with the wave of exhaustion that's suddenly come over me, my mind doesn't seem to be able to keep up with reality. But now that I'm safe, I can afford to accept the overwhelming feelings of trust, joy, and hope I've carefully concealed through these past weeks. I can relax in the sense of floating, transferred from the hovercraft through my body, and simply take in this experience for what it is. It makes no difference that I see, sitting across from me, Johanna wearing her interview gown from the 71st, eating cake. Or on either side of me aren't the soldiers Porter and Hanson, but Emid and Tarla, my two best childhood friends. Who, for some reason, are still the same children I remember. That, from somewhere I can't identify, I hear my favorite song being played by my favorite group. And that at the front of the ship, just outside the cockpit and bathed in the blinding light of a setting sun, stands the Mockingjay: More defiant, self-assured, and commanding than I had ever noticed. Burning with an intensity that creates its own light, its own flame. Wings unfurled. Smiling. 'Caesar Flickerman, Face of the Games, saved in Daring Rescue'. 'Mockingjay rises as Phoenix in Rescue of Beloved Games Spokesman'. That's a story Lletha would kill for. A broadcast that should guarantee her another year or so insulated behind that oak desk. But certainly not a story to be recorded by me. Because Panam, the world we accepted as unyielding and permanent, has fractured. Panam, the pretense of a strong republic that achieved its success through manipulation and maintained its authority though terror, is now, itself, falling to rebellion. Even as I begin to fade; start to black out; the final face I see is of Katniss Everdeen...our Girl on Fire. Here to rescue me. Just as she saved Peeta. Just as she exposed the tortuous deception known as the Games. Just as she ignited the flame that will liberate Panam. Just as I am, now, free. Because fifteen seconds earlier, Peacekeeper bullets ripped through my body – preceded by an explosion shattering my front door, a sizable portion of an entry alcove, and for good measure the lower half of my torso. And Caesar Flickerman was dead. And no one is here, any longer, to report it. Epilogue "Every year, the surviving Tributes gather for the games. Not in competition, but in remembrance. Not to fight to the death, but to cherish life. Because for those of us who have had everything taken away, all we have remaining are each other." - Katniss Everdeen. Citizen.