of adrenaline through my body, making all the hard work worth it. Technically being out in the woods like this is rather illegal, especially if you are a hunter like Katniss or I. The Mayor of District Twelve is a corrupt drunk; it's a down right miracle he hasn't been kicked out of office yet. It surprised me he hasn't reported us to the Capitol yet, but then again we do have our agreement. We work a little for him, grab him certain groceries, like liquor from Ripper at the Hob, and do a few other errands for him, and in exchange he lets us do whatever we want. The rest of the district just turns a blind eye to our law breaking. After all, it's the only way we can keep our families fed, and we aren't the only ones who benefit. Katniss sells turkey to the head peacekeeper and squirrels to the baker. I sell berries and birds to the launders of the town and rabbits to the jewelers. The rest we trade at the Hob, an old coal storage building that has long since been abandoned, or to a few others in town. I walked silently through the woods, trying not to disturb any animals or make them run away. It took me a few minutes until I found my usual hunting spot. I crouched low to the ground and waited, listening for even the smallest movement. I heard a few bushes around me begin to move, but the wind wasn't strong enough to do that today. A smirk grew on my face, as I turned and took aim, throwing three knifes; two of them hit a couple of rabbits square in the chest, and one piercing through a bird's heart. I had a forth in my hand, ready to release when I turned and was met with an arrow aimed at my head. Both of us paused, and the silence quickly filled with laughter from both of us. "Are you trying to poke my eye out like you do with all those squirrels, Kat?" I joked, as I put the knife in my hand back in its fabric sheath. Our friendship is one that many people wouldn't expect. From outer appearances we look exactly opposite from one another, but personality wise, we were actually very similar. "Are you trying to pierce through my heart?" The brunette retorted, lowering her bow. I got up to retrieve my kills from the ground. "I was beginning to think you weren't going to show." "Yeah, sorry about that, I got a bit held up at home." I shrugged. Katniss has known about my mother's state for about seven years. The two of us became rather good friends when we were nine. We were in the same class and they two of us would pair up for everything. When her dad died in a mining accident I would try to save half my food for her, but it wasn't enough. It took a couple weeks for her to start hunting, and then she decided to start taking me along with her. I think the hunting only made our friendship even stronger. "So, anyway, how's Prim doing?" I decided to ask, trying to lighten the mood. "She's okay, I guess. She keeps waking up in the middle of the night due to nightmares of the reaping." "Oh yeah," So much for that lightening the mood, "I forgot she's old enough to be reaped, but think about it this way, she has one slip there's absolutely no chance she could get picked out of thousands of names." I tried reassuring her. "I keep telling her that, but she's one hundred percent convinced it'll be her. It's only one out of thousands." Her voice trailed off. I felt bad for her; unlike me Katniss has a younger sibling to look after, whereas I only have my parents. I'm sure that without me, they would be able to live off the remainder of my dad's paycheck. But at Katniss' house, she was the main provider. If Prim is reaped I know she would volunteer, and then what would happen to the rest of the Everdeens? She doesn't even have to ask that question, because both of us know the answer. If she got reaped or went into the Games for Prim I would help provide for her mother and sister, and I know she would do the same for me. "How many do you have now"? I froze for a few seconds. When was the last time I counted how many slips in that bowl have my name on them. "I think twelve." That sounds about right at least. "And you?" It takes her no longer that a second to respond. "At least fifteen by now." At that the two of us dropped the conversation, not wanting to dwell on something so somber. The rest of our hunting trip is spent distracting us from the upcoming reaping. We chat and gather berries, we take turns taking down animals, and we make jokes about Effie's hair, and the ridiculousness of the Capitol and their fascination with colors. At the end of the day we sort the animals and split up to sell to our different clients in town, and giving a time to meet each other back at the Hob when we finish. When I get back into the district one thought haunts my mind, one that makes my stomach knot and twist. The reaping for the seventy-forth Hunger Games is tomorrow. And ta-da first chapter done! I hope you enjoyed reading this. :D Please review, favorite, and/or follow. I'll try to update ASAP, but I'm not sure when the next chapter will be done, I'll try to make it within the next one to two weeks. Any constructive criticism is greatly appreciated and if you have any suggestions just let me know! Thanks for reading; hopefully I'll have something new for you to read soon!