and briefs. I nod up at him before looking down. I almost smile to myself because a penis is not as scary as I thought it would be. I had wondered if they blurred it out when he had to take off his briefs during our first Games. I did not let his prosthetic leg take center stage. I tug the neckline of my dress over my shoulders and let it fall, feeling every hair on my body stand on end. It hitched on my breasts, at my hips, then fell around my feet in a heap. Soon, I was almost entirely naked in front of Peeta Mellark. My hands hovered near my briefs and I could feel color flooding my cheeks. I felt anxious but I didn't need to be. Peeta was staring right into my eyes. When I realized that, I didn't feel so vulnerable anymore. I take off my briefs, cursing when they snag on my ankles. Peeta laughs so I decide it's funny, too. If he was expecting for something sexy like Finnick or Johanna, however highly he may hold regard for my appearance, he's in for disappointment. I sink down onto the foot of my bed, tempted to hold my knees so that my arms would block view of my breasts hanging so freely. "How far do you want to go, Katniss?" Peeta asks, approaching me. The fire crackling behind him highlighted his outline, turning him into an angel for me. The boy on fire. My voice sounds stronger now because I'm being honest, handing him the condom, "All the way, Peeta." "Let me know if you change your mind," Peeta insists, smiling at me in such a comforting way. He slipped the condom on. That fluttering sensation in my pelvis resumed with a vengeance. I suddenly recognize it as the hunger I felt on the beach during our second Games. I step off the foot of the bed, wanting to erase any doubt of his that I wanted to make love to him and he to make love to me. Erase our terrible beginnings with our real love. He must have seen the resolution in my eyes because he cupped my face and he kissed me like he never had before. Our breathing was ragged while we clutched to each other, stumbling blindly in the general direction of the bed. I drop myself down onto my comforter and he climbs on top of me. We maneuver the blanket over us, cloaking our bodies in darkness. My breasts part when I lie on my back. I writhed beneath him, encouraging him to lay heavier on me. I had never felt this way about anyone before, wanting to feel every inch of another human being. I did not want to stop. My legs are flexible because I'm athletic, so parting them was a piece of cake. When I parted my legs around his hips and he entered me, I expected to feel pain. But, Peeta slid in and all I felt was the pressure of him inside of me. My privates were dilated, stretched enough so that he would not hurt me. He fit in snuggly and everything felt wet down there. I'd overheard a lot of the girls gossiping about sex at school. Most of them claimed it hurt. What with how they described sex, I had feared that I would bleed. He grips the headboard to situate himself. I admire his pectorals and bulging biceps in the flickering firelight. His face is flushed. I kiss him and he starts to grind into me, using his arms to prop himself up. "How does that feel?" he checks in on me, panting. I stroked his chest, "I'm ok." Peeta let out bark of laughter, " Just 'ok'? Good." I wrinkled my nose, "Are you ok?" He answered me with his kiss. I felt pressure building in my pelvis. I pulled Peeta closer to me. I kept gasping his name for some reason. It felt natural to do that. This moment was about us. He kept whispering my name, kissing my neck and lathering me with his tongue. Not more than a minute can have passed since he entered me. I'm confused about the pressure, worrying I need to pee. But it's building up fast with his rhythmic thrusts. Then I'm interrupted by another new thing. My vision blurs slightly, I'm lightheaded, and I feel an overwhelming tingling sensation throughout my body. Then I feel weightless at the amazing sensation in my privates. Peeta beams down at me then his face screws up as something happens to him. It looks almost painful but I'm still too stunned to react. His arms buckle and his head drops to my chest, tucked beneath my chin. I struggle to breathe beneath what felt like his whole bodyweight on my ribcage but I don't ask him to move. Instead, I hug him tighter once the feeling returns to my limbs. He slides out of me and when he rolls off of me, I feel all the air fill my lungs at once. Muscle definitely weighs more than fat. We're both sweating bullets. After he took care of the condom, he laid beneath the covers with me. I laid my head on his chest, listening to his steady heartbeat. He held me there, stroking my arm lightly with his fingernails. I felt rather proud of myself for going this far. I had been wanting to for some time. I did not believe in the archaic concept of virginity. But, I could not have picked a better person do have my first time with than Peeta. "You love me. Real or Not Real?" he asks after some silence, his breath still a little shaky. I tell him, "Real." The End Writer's Note: The last bit of dialogue is directly from the book. Also, this is my first time writing a fic in First Person POV so let me know how I did :)