I used to be. Maybe it was even just for looks, being the back-up Mockingjay. If anything ever happened to Katniss, I was the District Twelve girl to take her place. And I was also something attractive to put in Propos. "Of course," Boggs quickly nodded, and Coin gave her consent for me to join. And then I realized that they were all staring at me. I haven't given my decision yet. I thought I did. They acted like I did. But I had been like this for the last two months, thinking things that didn't happen. I was like Annie, I couldn't seem to stay grounded to this earth. There was really no reason to, not anymore. No one would trust me to do things. I couldn't be in battle. I couldn't make decisions. My teaching privileges were restricted to once a week instead of everyday, and I had lost my students where it mattered what I taught them. I was included in the videos, mainly because I was better at being scripted than Katniss. But my videos were usually showing me teaching the younger kids or such. Katniss got all of the important messages. My fingers brushed over the imprint of the bracelet as I thought about that day, that awful day that made this become my life. I had known what I was getting into when I suited up in the Cinna-designed and got ready to go to battle in District Four. Oaklea wouldn't let me go without him, and I had let him. He had been in before, so what would be different that time? I can still feel how the air conditioner kept me freezing, but the warmth from Oaklea holding my hand made me flushed. Cinna's outfit still fit me perfectly, keeping up the Coal Dust feel we had started with together. As we sat in the Hovercraft, we talked like we always did. Our subjects varied from how Skye had teared up on my birthday the day before because it wouldn't be long until her daughter would be turning seventeen, though she was only six months pregnant, to talking about what was waiting in District Four for us. When we got to the battlefield, we took our orders. Katniss went to the hospital, and I went with her, mainly to help out the small staff. Suddenly- I cringed to stop the memory. "I'm in. I want Oaklea back." As they went on to talk about the preparations, debating which office I should get, I could tell I was dismissed from the conversation, and I let myself think back the memory, though it made me shake trying to block out the pain. -The Capitol's army marched back in. This was the perfect time to have a bomb, but they didn't have anyone in the sky, which meant they were here for hostages. Katniss was quickly taken out. I was important, but not as much as her. I was given more leeway, and I was running with them, protecting my Mockingjay, when the shots rang out. I was unlucky enough to get a shot in my arm from a fast-running Capitol soldier who was in front of the others, and I smiled to myself as I took out my gun. I had been good with aim for a long time, just not with Archery. But I had taken a special liking to guns. For months, I had been taught how to use one, and I was just waiting to try it out. And who better to take the shot than a Capitol Soldier who didn't know what he just started? I hesitated before my first kill, and I had to remind myself of all of those that they had killed before me until I could finally take aim of my gun. Including how they had tried to kill my older sister, who was the sweetest girl in the district. I told them to run on, and I took my shots. Then I ran out of ammo, with the last two soldiers who had come after me grinning as they took aim. I started to run to the first shelter I could find, and I ran faster as a first shot fired. But it was firing the wrong way, the wrong direction. I didn't look back. I didn't even think of Oaklea. When I got shelter, I found more ammo on my suit and I loaded up. I climbed a fishing market, and I took aim for the guards. More had gathered, and I had knocked three off before they figured out where I was. They put down their guns and pointed towards a flock of Peacekeepers with one single guy in the middle. My guy. I killed the three remaining guards the second they picked up their guns so I could say that they were at least armed. I ran to the flock of Peacekeepers taking Oaklea. I didn't know what I had planned, if I had anything planned. But I had to try something. I was running and searching for some sort of bomb, something I could set off to get some soldiers away from Oaklea. Some way to even get him a weapon. Something ! But I was pulled back by a strong nurse, who had worked with me in the Hospital, because she knew a rescue mission would be fatal, and she injected a shot in my arm before I could fight back. When I woke up, I was in my room, with the shades drawn over the fake windows. Robin was sharpening a dagger at the foot of the bed but quickly ditched that pastime to talk to me, to ask me how I was feeling and all. And to tell me that Oaklea hadn't made it out. But that news was nothing compared to the news I got two weeks later. He was alive and being held personally by the person I hate most in this world. President Snow .