not too long after the Quarter Quell announcement. She's thinking about the wedding outfits they're modifying slightly for the interviews before she goes to bed, and they creep into her subconscious. In the dream, they're sitting in the audience for the interviews with no one else there, and Katniss is alone on the stage, spinning across it dizzyingly. She's dressed in the wedding gown he made for her, but fire breaks out from no apparent source, not harmful, and when it fades away she sees that Katniss has changed partially into a bird, a mockingjay, the Mockingjay. There's more, but the rest is fading from her mind. She wakes feeling a bit breathless, resisting the urge to get up and get some of that down on paper, because, well, the concept of changing Katniss' interview outfit to something like that is ridiculous—she's not even her stylist. Finally she gives in, stands so she won't wake him, and flips to a page towards the back of her sketchbook and doesn't even draw anything, just writes down Katniss, interviews, wedding dress, fire, mockingjay. Then she gets back in bed and falls asleep again. ;,;,;,; In those spare seconds when they're not together, after he's fallen asleep or before he's woken, the sketches start. Whimsical and basic drawings at first until details start showing up and soon, just to appease the urge to get this stupid, damn idea out of her head, there are ideas for what type of fabric would hold the feathers best, and the color of thread, and chemical formulas for the new synthetic fire, and what parts of the wedding dress to keep after the transformation…. But she's not a good liar. She never has been. So when she's sketching madly at the desk in their room one night, and she hears his quiet voice behind her for one second of warning before his arms wrap around her from behind, she doesn't even try to explain as he flips through the sketchbook, looking at the idea. "It's beautiful," he murmurs finally, tracing the drawings on the page. "But…?" she prompts. "But nothing," he says, exhaling. "It's a brilliant idea." The grin crosses her face before she can stop it. ;,;,;,; They start working on it together, and she feels bad that they've abandoned Peeta's outfit as of the moment. He has a lot to contribute to it, and that's comforting in its own way, she's not in this alone anymore. But it scares her, too. She scarcely sleeps, mind racing, heart pounding. He's always still beside her, calm, yet he always looks just as tired in the morning as she does. She has to bring it up one day. It's late again, and they're sitting on the couch, her head on his shoulder, the start of the dress across both of their laps. "We're going to die for this dress," she blurts out finally. "We have to." He takes a long time to answer her. "Yes." He loops a protective arm around her waist, kisses her on the forehead, whispers that they'll be fine, anyway. ;,;,;,; "Do you even care?" she snaps at him one night, when all the pressure seems like it's just not even bearable anymore and she's lashing out at him for it. He sighs through his teeth, clearly agitated, tensed. "Of course I care ," he answers, voice calmer than hers but still frustrated. "Well then, act like it—you…." Her breathing shakes. "You seem like you don't. We're going to die and you don't even seem like you mind." "Sweetheart," he starts, approaching her, taking her face in his hands even as she looks away from him. "I do care. I'm sorry if it seems like I don't. It's just… a lot to process." He tucks a loose strand of hair behind her ear. "All right?" "All right," she mumbles, wishing he would stop ending arguments like this, and he kisses her, once, brief, and she lets him. He pulls her into his arms and they cling to each other for a few minutes, shaking. ;,;,;,; They go out to dinner a night not too long after that, and people recognize them, of course, but they're not bothered too much. They eat, mostly quiet in the view of people around them, but chatting and almost managing to laugh. It's relatively peaceful, if nothing else. It's almost as if they were just two young lovers on a date, with no death penalty hanging over their heads, or Hunger Games approaching, or an illicit dress sitting back in their apartment. Almost as if they were normal, sane, blissfully ignorant, loyal citizens of the Capitol. ;,;,;,; They present the slightly-changed makeup and other plans to the prep teams on a Monday. Their co-workers seem oblivious to any deeper meaning and instead coo, Oh, what a lovely color. She thinks that she was like that once, that clueless, before she started understanding what the classic sound of a cannon-shot really meant. Then her thoughts on her home city could never really go back to the way they were, no matter how hard she tried. She couldn't look at any "normal" Capitol citizen the same way again. After the prep teams leave, she feels agitated, clutching the edge of the conference table so tightly her knuckles turn white, breathing a bit unsteady. Just that meeting gave her a headache. He tries to soothe her as always, but mostly she just presses her eyes closed and tries not to think too much until she calms down. ;,;,;,; When the interview outfits are done, in plenty of time for the Reaping, they stop talking about them directly. Sometimes one of them makes a vague hint at it, or they exchange a sad look when someone asks them about what'll happen for them "after the Games", when they both know they'll be long dead, but that's as far as they go. They'll be paying for this later. But they still have the present.