I do so. He's the one saving my life. He opens his pack and splits his provisions. "Eat and drink regularly. Don't take anything you're unsure about. Stick to what you know." He pokes my chest a little, then strokes and ruffles my hair a little. "Take it easy, little Fox, you might just get out of here." And then he was gone... XXXX I snarl back. I've been called a Fox, it's time to be one. I break the archer's attack with my free arm. She kicks me in the gut. I stumble back. She rolls forward and tries to surprise me. I grab her braid and try to cut her throat. She punches me, the blunt force doubling me over. She slashes at me. I jump back, dropping my knife. The archer approaches me, adjusting her grip. I snatch my blade back, by the edge, slicing a gash in my palm. I grip it properly and jump out With a battle cry, I yell and scream as I throw myself at the archer. I draw back my knife and plunge it deep into the air, missing the archer by millimeters. The fight is back on. I slash at her, nicking her arm. Suddenly it's happening too fast for me, and I struggle to keep up. Within the yelling and blood and hurt, I see an open corridor. I take it. I draw the blade across the archer's throat, my foot on her knife hand. I wait till the cannon goes off, then twist my attention to the bigger fight going on. Now we're fully submerged in darkness, the only source of light being the meadow on fire. That's where the black guy came from. The Gamemakers obviously want a picture perfect fight scene. I watch the glistening torso of the boy who saved my life three times, emit blood. Pulse after pulse his life essence runs out. I sprint forward. I should be able to make it. I should be able to... I can. I leap onto the black guy's back, stabbing where I can. He slashes and catches my shin. I cry out in pain. The boy looks up. His eyes sparkle again. He straightens his back and picks up the pace. He begins to laugh. "If I die, you'll lose, Thresh," He stabs out with the chipped and scarred steel blade. Thresh, the black guy, grunts as he breaks the parry. "How the hell aren't you tired?" the green eyes shine in the night like a Wolf's. "Because I fight for someone else..." he puts one burst of strength back into the fight, skewering Thresh through the stomach. He removes the reluctant blade and sticks it in again. The all too familiar boom of the cannon resonates over the lonely clearing. The clang of metal against metal makes it feel even more lonely. The boy collapses. I rush to his side. "Are you alright?" He smirks a little. "A bit roughed up, but otherwise, fine," he smiles. I laugh a little. His wounds are all over his chest. A gash here, a stab here. I rip open my pack and start to apply some cream to the smaller cuts to stop and prevent further bleeding. He hisses in relief. I cap the tube, casting it aside for some salt to stem the flow of crimson. The larger wounds close up soon enough, and the day is coming back on. It's only been five minutes of darkness. A buzzing from overhead interrupts us. The Hovercraft appears. We must've missed the winning announcement. "Thanks, little Fox. I kept you alive. I'm glad I did." "Lyndssey Fox," I say, dragging him to his feet. He grabs hold of my shoulder for balance. "Erwin James. I watched the sky for you every night. I decided from your interview, that you'd be the one I'd keep alive." he grunted. "Why me, Erwin?" "Your eyes were screaming for help, like someone who just woke from a nightmare. You looked as if you had been through hell. Anyone who's been through that shouldn't have to die. When I saw the scars in the arena, it only confirmed my suspicions. Abuse, physical, possibly even sexual. You volunteered. You wanted to die." He stops there and grabs the ladder, holding out a hand for me. I take his hand in mine and hold onto him, stepping onto the rope ladder. We freeze. I'm curled into his arms and begin cry into his scarred chest. It's not well toned, like the usual love story when the girl is ultra-sexy and the guy is ultra-fit. I'm a normal girl who's been through hell, he's a boy who's helped me through it. At the very least we're friends. At the very least I'm an abused girl who wants to escape my abusive father, and he's a boy who begged to differ and fight for reason. I love him. He saved my life, thrice. I don't know or care how he feels because I will always love him for what he's done. I fall asleep in his warmth, to the words, "I love you, Lynn, that's why." The End A/N: I was going to be more harsh on the ending with something like "And then the cannon fired and he slumped, dead, in my arms" but I couldn't do it to myself. I know this is short, but I'm sorry. I can't go on. This is my first fic, so it's likely exasperatingly rushed with heaps of errors. I'm sorry. I'm tired. I just got back from holiday and there was no internet or cellphone reception. I devised most of this in the car on the ride home (My god, it was so hot, I swear it was summer! *Sarcasm*) and began to type my face off as soon as I got home. And before you ask, yes, Erwin is based off of me, albeit sexier and manlier. * ANY LATER CHAPTERS WILL BE RESPONSES TO REVIEWS* Thank you.