over, "It's quite alright Gale. I want you to keep it," I smiled softly at him, "You deserve it more than I do." He watched me carefully and I wondered if he was going to spit at me or smile at me. It wasn't like Gale to accept acts of kindness willingly - there was always a debt to repay. But he didn't do either, instead nodding shortly. "Tea is ready," Katniss came in then, carrying a tray filled with hot drinks, "Why don't you help me serve them, Madge, and then we can all sit down?" I nodded, tearing my gaze away from Gale's and trying to calm my electrified nerves. Had Gale and I shared a moment, back then? Not only had he thanked me but - in a roundabout way anyway - he'd said he wanted to see me. Me . When I sat down on the leather couch opposite Gale's armchair, I tried not to make my feelings too obvious. Katniss sat down beside me and started speaking about the game she caught the other day, and I was happy for the distraction. Gale had sunk back into his armchair, his eyes suddenly vacant and blank. He was staring at a spot above his head, sort of listening. I wondered if he had lots of nightmares. I'd heard that was the absolute worst part of winning the Hunger Games. I wondered if the Capitol knew that. If they knew that the cruelest thing they could do was take away somebody's only respite. To make it so that victors could never truly sleep peacefully again. "Are you even listening to me?" Katniss's voice was stern as she glared hotly at Gale. In his defence, Gale snapped out of his trance, looking guiltily at Katniss and shaking his head gently, "I'm sorry Catnip. You know what it's like up here," He pointed at his temples, "It's a mess." Katniss then looked guilty herself - probably because for that one precious moment she hadn't treated Gale as victor of the Hunger Games… She'd treated him as Gale her best friend. Her only friend. It stung a little sometimes, but not today. "I'm sorry Gale." She sounded sorry too, "I shouldn't have snapped at you." He smiled, but it didn't reach his eyes, "It's okay Katniss. But I think it's time you and Madge leave." My heart flipped over at the fact he'd called me Madge , and Katniss nodded. "Yeah." She stood, "Let me just clean up these cups and we'll be out of your way." I fumbled around, trying to help Katniss pile all the tea cups and saucers onto the tray she'd carried them in on. How was I still this nervous, around him? It had been three years since the very first time I spoke to Gale Hawthorne, but somehow he still set my heart racing. I watched as Katniss carried the tray away and suddenly felt guilty. Gale loved her . His Catnip . There was no way I would ever fit into that picture. He was going to marry her, and they were going to have dark haired children with beautiful eyes, who were agile and clever and tough as nails. "Undersee." Gale touched my shoulder gently and I forced myself not to blush, "You can come back you know." I watched him as he smiled - this time genuinely - and scratched the back of his neck, "I'd like it actually, if you came back." My heart was thumping so loudly I could hear the blood pulsing in my ears, but I nodded anyway, forcing myself to appear calm. "The Games really put a lot of things into perspective for me." His mouth fell into a taut, thin grimace, "And you were one of those things." I tried not to search his eyes for further answers but I couldn't help it. They were unreadable, as always, swirling silver and ashy grey. He stared right back at me, biting his bottom lip. "You ready to go, Madge?" Katniss stepped back into the room and suddenly all air felt like it had been sucked out of me. Gale and Katniss. Katniss and Gale. Don't forget that, Madge. "Yeah." I tore my gaze away from Gale and smiled at her, "Let's go." Katniss stepped towards Gale and touched his shoulder with her hand, squeezing there lightly, "I'll swing by next week Gale. Take care of yourself." She turned away and I waved at him awkwardly, not really sure what the appropriate way to say goodbye to him would be. My hands felt like they were shaking and I wished to the heavens above he couldn't tell, before following Katniss towards the front door. "Goodbye Madge." I almost missed his quiet voice. "Goodbye, Gale." I answered, watching not to fall over my own feet as Katniss led me onto the street before stopping abruptly in front of me. I almost fell onto her. She gave me a weird look when we were outside - somewhere between curious and mad - and cocked her head to one side. "Did Gale ask you to come back to see him?" I nodded, wondering if she would be annoyed at that, "Yes. He said he would like it." Katniss seemed to be pondering on it for a moment, before she cleared her throat. Her eyes were unreadable as usual but the sides of her mouth were pulled tight, as if by a string. She was mad? "Alright. Do you want to come with me, or on your own?" She didn't sound angry, but I knew better. Katniss Everdeen was even better than I was at hiding her feelings. "I'll let you know." I told her, "At lunch." She quirked an eyebrow, "Lunch. Right." And then she skipped down the road, probably expecting me to follow her, but not caring too much if I didn't. Katniss was perhaps the most difficult person to understand. Maybe that's why I liked her so much.