of each other. Pivoting, she stomps into the sitting room, grabs one of his clammy hands and leads him to the spacious guest bedroom and the chrome themed en suite. Finnick stands as if he's made of marble while Cashmere draws water into the grandiose bathtub before him. Once the tub is filled and the jets stream, she turns to him and it's like he's never seen water or anything else for that matter. Finnick's eyes are nothing but wide and empty, void of life and thought. She can't afford to keep feeling sorry for him, but it's an impossible task. Finnick's but a boy dragged into being the whore he needs to be to keep the heads of the people he loves on their necks. Even if Finnick put up a fight, Caius wouldn't complain back to his father. Would he? Cashmere couldn't afford to think about that either. "Finnick," she calls softly, hoping he'll snap back into that arrogant man from hours ago. There is no such luck but she tries again as she lifts herself from the metal rim around the tub to reach for his hand. It's the pad of her index finger that touches his hand that has his eyes flooding with fear. Only a fraction of it subsiding when she sees the dawning come to his face. "How about a bath? " Her patience has never stretched this thin before as it does watching Finnick's blank expression. The moment she opens her mouth to snap at him, footfall after footfall carry him closer to the tub and into the lukewarm bath water. Sinking down into the tub, Finnick slides against the porcelain until his head is submerged under water. Once she sees the first air bubble, Cashmere leaves the bathroom to rummage through the drawers in the bedroom where Caius keeps his sweats. Upon entering the en suite, Cashmere drops the clothes from her hands and slides across the tiles in her bare feet to the tub. "Finnick!" She shouts as she tries to pull him out of the water. With his whole body sans his feet under the lukewarm water he's harder to pull up than she thought. But he doesn't need assistance, his face darts up and intakes a sharp breath of air. The rigidness is his shoulders has vanished along with the crazed look in his catatonic eyes. The fish needed to go back to the sea. "Everything alright?" He asks with the kind of nonchalance that makes a woman crazy, as if he doesn't know what he did. "You were...I thought…" she gapes, bringing a smile up into his cheeks bones. "Ironic wouldn't it be, if I drowned," he says, hoisting himself out of the large tub. With the stark white lights blaring down onto the chrome surfaces and warm gray walls it makes the scratches and bruises evident. Thankfully, he dries and dresses quickly concealing the ugly bruise around his collarbone and scrapes above his hips once more. The white cotton v-neck and baggy gray fit him with just enough room to spare. "Thank you. I appreciate it." His smile is even more dazzling in person than on TV. It has her enchanted before she realizes it. "Yeah. Okay," she mumbles. "Um. Do you mind if I crash in the bed?" He asks as he takes another towel from the shelves beneath the tub and dries his hair. "Well, on the condition that you'll share it with me." "E-excuse me?" she blathers, anger searing through her skin. How could he possibly still want intimacy after that? "I've had a rough night and so have you and I thought...maybe...y'know what, forget it. It's stupid. We don't know each other, why would you want to cuddle with me?" Cuddle. He wants to cuddle?! Cashmere doesn't know if she wants to laugh or spew the rainbow of colourful words that sit on the tip of her tongue. Laughing wins as she erupts into a fit of giggles and snorts. "I knew it. Of course you would think it's stupid. I'm sorry I asked." "I want to say no but…" She can't help it, with the way his bottom lip juts out and his eyes flicker in the light, he's impossible to resist. "I think we could both use someone warm tonight." The glow of a soft smile radiates from Finnick's face as he passes between Cashmere and the door frame as gracefully as he can with the limp. He barely makes a sound as he climbs into bed and under the cream-coloured sheets, resting on his stomach as his arms weave around the down pillow. Those sea green eyes flutter with partial sleep as they watch her undress and redress in a cotton t-shirt identical to the one he wears. Cashmere draws back the thick covers and joins him, however, his hands do not move from where they curl underneath the pillow. "I thought you wanted to cuddle?" She asks impatiently. Finnick smiles in reply offering her a shrug. "This is enough." His fingers do find their way across to her side of the bed and clasp around her fingers beneath her own pillow supporting her head. "Thanks Penny," he mumbles drifting off. Penny...the name rings familiar but Cashmere can't place as to why. Not that it matters at this very moment as she squeezes Finnick's limp hand. With all the makeup and fear wiped cleaned, the lines in his face have smoothed over look his age, maybe even a little younger. She counts the seconds between each rise and fall of his back as he breathes long slow breaths, enraptured by the solace he finds in sleep. How nightmares don't tug at his lineless face, like a puppeteer to a marionette, leaves her insides to churn with anxiety. The ebb and flow of stomach acid and tension leave Cashmere wide awake all night, eyes fixated on Finnick's careful breathing, anticipating when he too will wake. For then, the nightmare will begin.