had the desired effect though: the kid smiled and shut his eyes, his breathing visibly steadying. Thank god he didn't know just how bad he'd been shot, or that if he survived, he'd lose both legs. That look in his eyes though, as they fluttered open to look at him again. The look that said "thanks" and then the limp fall of his chest as Velez shouted and Haymitch zoned out, hands still holding tightly to the wound as though it might bring his 18-year-old shipmate back. Back to the present, where Cinna was calling his name, a hand lightly settling on his shoulder. "Yeah? Yeah, I'm here," he confirmed, his loosened hand coming up to pat the back of Cinna's. His fleeting smile was enough to convince the nurse. "Good, stay here for a bit. Dinner's coming and you just know that hospital food is to die for." The two laughed a bit before Cinna said his goodbye and left Haymitch alone with his thoughts. He found himself wondering when the last time he'd actually laughed and smiled for real was . Two rather uneventful days passed, and he'd barely heard a peep from anyone but Cinna. Plutarch never came back, but he'd sent a few folders over with a handwritten note that he was called on an emergency — that he'd be back the following Monday. In those two days, he'd felt the beginnings of the unforgiving effects of withdrawal and yeah, even the damn solitude was getting to him. Even though back in his dump he was alone most of the time, he'd gotten used to Cinna's coming and going with meals and bed checks. Even sometimes just stopping by for a quick chat. It was strange how quickly he'd actually come to trust the man, though he wasn't really questioning it. There'd been so few people he trusted in his life, he knew that he didn't place it lightly and that those few who earned it wouldn't turn around and hurt him with it. On the third morning, he was just stretching his back and sitting up in bed after his cup of coffee when three sharp raps hit his door. "Hello, hello!" he heard as it opened before he'd even told whoever it was to 'come the fuck in' in his best unwelcoming tone. She came in like a gust of hot, sun-fucking-shiney air, all smiles and blonde curls in a perfect updo and a whiff of such girly perfume, he thought he'd gag. "Mr Abernathy!" she said in a high-pitched voice, the painted pink claws at the ends of her fingers tapping her clipboard. "How are you this morning? Well-rested?" He was getting goddamn tired of being referred to as "Mr Abernathy" in this place, so he forced himself to smile — came out more of a creepy looking grimace, really — and offered, "Hi Princess, I'm so damn well-rested, my dick is too limp to give you a proper salute." She was just pulling up a chair when she stopped . Literally pulled the warm air out of the room as though she had the power to freeze with a look. A look which was so scandalised , he felt the bubble of laughter rise up from his chest and bark out into the cold silence. "Really, that is entirely uncalled for," she spoke tight and loud above his laugh. He could see the moment she'd dismissed his rudeness and sat herself down at the end of his bed, the tip of her prim and pretty nose lifting just the slightest bit. "My name is Effie Trinket and I will be your therapist for the next several weeks. Isn't that marvellous ?" Though he had a feeling she wasn't quite as enthused to be his therapist as she might have been a minute ago. "Yeah, fucking marvellous . To take me on, you gotta be wearing big girl panties under that skirt." Her crystal blue eyes went flinty, but she didn't show much else on her face aside from the neutral line of her lips. That alone felt like a huge character change for this woman. He mentally patted himself on the back. "I assure you that I am fully qualified. I would like to begin with a few simple questions and then we can schedule out the first week. Then from there we can see how things progress and whether you can move on to the next stage. Any questions for me, Mr Abernathy?" Oh but she was pissed at him. Haymitch almost genuinely smiled this time as his hands settled atop the sheets, his entire frame more relaxed than he'd been these last two days. Couldn't let her think he gave two shits about her, though. "Yeah, got it. I ain't a fucking moron. Get on with the questions." The corner of her smile twitched the slightest bit down and she leaned back even farther from his bed, but she rattled off from another list and then they got down to the questions. Basic things like his full name, birth date, general mental health, specific health shit, and blah blah blah. For each question, he answered with a smart mouth and a corresponding smirk if he'd said something particularly crude. Trinket was doing an admirable job of not rising to it, but he had a feeling that she couldn't handle it as well as Plutarch. The irritation rolled off of her in waves by the time she stood up. "Good, I believe we are quite finished here. Thank you, Mr Abernathy. I will see you tomorrow." As she turned and put the chair back at the spartan desk by the window, Haymitch got a nice peek under the hem of her white skirt. Oh yeah, definitely big girl panties that matched her nails. She gave him a perfunctory smile before leaving, and he couldn't help leaning back against the headboard donning a shit-eating grin. This will be so much fucking fun.