in silence next to me, before hugging me and saying Mom wouldn't have liked this anymore then he does now. So with the parting words of my loved ones still ingrained into my head I walked into the train to find Carmen trying to sleep, her head against the window, her eyes closed too tightly. I sigh watching the cows disappear from my view every mile we trek on, as Terrance chatters about capital delicacies, but all I'm thinking about is how I'm going to have to try. District 1 Female: (Spark(le) Rendon) Age: (17 1/2) Reaping Day: "Spark you up," My training mentor called, and I nod at her approaching form. Not only was I up, but I was ready to be lethal. I have trained my whole life to volunteer today so it was only natural to have the trainers act as a prep team for me today. Image is everything, everything after being able to have the skills needed that was. My strawberry blonde hair, was a tint more orange then the usual expectation for our district. So instead of the usual curls most tributes had mine was cut in layers to make it easier to have volume. My grey eyes had smoky makeup brushed against them, and my lips were painted a dark blood red to black color. My white skin tight dress, had long sleeves, and the same color jewels as my lipstick boarded the edges. "Gorgeous as usual," My mentor smirked as I gnashed my teeth playfully at her. "Now, now save biting out throats until you're in the arena," She cackled. I rolled my eyes and stood up ready to go. I have been in training since I was 5 years old. I only see my mother for about 3 hours a year when my mentors collect training money from her, I have no idea if I had any other family. The only reason you were told is if they also were training, and apparently none of mine was if I had any at all. I was picked for my combat skills, I was short, built, and attractive. It didn't hurt that I was lethal with any sort of short throwing knifes either, but I could easily beat any other girls in the whole facility at hand to hand combat too. Making me the obvious choice for the hunger games. "Sparkle look at you," "You're so beautiful," "That's gonna be me someday," I hear other younger girl tributes call as I passed them to get to the reaping. Everyone parted the seas as I walked, I was legendary, the best tribute we have had from in in decades my mentors praised, and I was ready to live up to their expectations. I stood in the crowd with the other girls from my year as the reaping video played. There angry, and jealous glances always flickering to my cocky smirk, as my grey eyes smoldered any boys who dared look my way. I was going to win the hunger games, It was my job. I had too. The only other family I had was a brother who brought disgrace to my family, by dying in the final 3, 7 years ago. It was hard, he died, he had let the whole district down. My interviews were still broadcast across the capital, I was known to be a sister of someone who lost in the games. The boy going in with me, wasn't as legendary as I would have liked, but burly, and cocky enough to seem that he could have been. "Sparkle, looking hot," He mouthed to me, and I in turned glared at him, and mouthed "Spark." I hated being called something as wimpy as Sparkle, maybe he was okay with his name. Who wouldn't be with a name like his. Fierce Pace was a strong name, and he had a built looked, that owned up to his name. Sure his mug, could have had less of a hooked nose, less freckles across his face, and less width between his two eyes, but he was tough and that's what we needed. He wasn't bad looking either, his spiky blonde hair, had been dip dyed in a black, and he had black eyeliner ever so slightly under his eyes. His muscles so big they practically, bust the tight white shirt he had under his black blazer. We we're both ready to go in. Both ready to bring our district honor, only I was the one coming out not him. "Any Volunteers," the giggly Escort called for the female tribute, and ever so slowly I raised my hair in one fluid motion, my head held high like I was too good for all this. "I volunteer," I smiled dazzlingly at the camera, walking up the stage steps and standing proudly chest out, at the crowd. The action was repeat far more eagerly by Fierce, and we excited to meet our loved ones that would never come. Instead our training mentors would come, and give us one last report on our skills, and our flaws to tell the game mentors, and a summary given about each other so we could eventually take each other out in the end. I board the train holding Friece's arms as though he was a dance partner, as gracefully as if we have done this hundreds of times. In fact we have, at practice, image means everything remember? When we board the train, we immediately break apart, sneering at each other, before he breaks first and smirks. "Recaps so we can pick allies," He gestures for me to go first, and I sigh. He probably only wants me to go first so he can watch my butt in this dress, not that I'd blame him. "I get the say on them as of now, my mock training score was higher," I forcefully remind him as I swiftly plant myself in front of the TV, let the pre hunger games show begin.