trotted past into the warmth of their home. He sat down leaning against their cot expecting her to sit down with him. His fur was cleaner now that he let her maintain it. And he trusted her completely. He would even, if she was feeling particularly daring, wrestle and play with her. But they were both too tired to face that challenge right now so she settled next to him scratching the hound's face and ears. He dropped the purse and laid his head in her lap. The feeling of flesh against her hand alerted her to the fact that he had changed. She continued to card her fingers through his hair. "The Reaping is in two days." He said matter of factly. She told him that she knew. She told him that Prim was 12 now and he sat up. His nudity didn't bother her at all now. "Are you ok?" He asked. She shrugged. He put his arm around her and pulled her in to kiss her forehead. "She's fast, she can get away from the Reapers." He said, holding her. "We can wait for her by the tree - hide her until it's over." She nodded into his chest, hugging him back now. "How did your trip to Circe's go?" She asked dragging the purse toward them. She desperately wanted to change the subject. Gale chuckled. Katniss and the witch had a pretty poor relationship to say the least. The old hag was a follower of Vega and was convinced that Katniss was a repressed prude that would faint at the mention of words like "vulva" and "clitoris" and "penis". She harassed the girl every time she entered her territory. There had been several times when she and Gale had been hunting that the woman had set what could only really be called "rape traps". The most recent of which involved a suspicious looking squirrel that, when shot, exploded in a cloud of one of her crazy sex potions. Well, it destroyed inhibitions so naturally Gale didn't stay Gale, instead he turned to hound form and the whole scenario ended with her being beset upon and chased up a tree by fluffy Gale and a very persistent bird. Though nothing untoward had happened, she and the boy couldn't look at each other or even speak to each other for days. Which is why Gale is the only one who goes anywhere near her shack anymore. And incidentally, is why Katniss thinks the woman is completely insane. Gale laughed, "Well she wanted me to tell you that you're a frigid ice-queen and intercourse is a beautiful thing and you should have it some time." Katniss rolled her eyes. He pulled a small jar out of the bag and tossed it to her. "She also gave me a bottle of 'erotic massage oil'." He wiggled his eyebrows at her in mock seduction. She let out a soft "ooh" to match. She examined the bottle, it did indeed have "erotic massage oil" painted on the glass. "Don't open it." He was more serious now. "Remember the lake." She sniggered remembering the incident. "Did you tell her anything about us?" She inquired. "Never." Gale smiled and gave her a light kiss on the cheek. Good . She and Gale had a 'special' thing going on here and it was none of the crone's business. The last thing she wanted was the woman coming into their home and performing her bizarre rituals. And groping at her, and looking at her like she wanted to ravish her. Katniss shuddered. She would see their 'fornication' as an invitation. Gale removed the rest of the contents of the bag. There were several small bottles, some to fight infection, some to heal frostbite, some to aid in mending broken bones, still others for keeping food fresh. Katniss started taking mental notes on which ones to ration, which ones could be sold at the Hob for something better. "Who's the leading Champion this year?" She asked. Gale looked somber. "The Champion of Marcus," Any light that had been in the boys face faded and he added "Again." Katniss huffed in frustration. "Why won't he just die already?!" This will have been the juggernaut's third year in the Games. He had volunteered when he was 17, and he was still alive. They reap children from the ages of 12 to 18, but if you are victorious, you remain in the Games until you die or turn 20. The reigning victor and Champion of Marcus - Cato - was 19. He was gifted, like Gale, and he had been scarred in his god's honor, like Gale. He relished the fight, and seemed to her to be bloodthirsty and cruel. Just like his Lord. She knew this because the only time outcasts like her were allowed into civilization was to watch the Games. She had held Prim as they watched him brutalize a boy, not much older than her sister, on the huge screen on the justice building. He had hacked the poor thing to pieces, never thinking to wash the blood off of himself. To prey on their fear . She thought. She had seen his gift in his second Games. It was monstrous. Another boy about his size was charging at him with a sword when Cato reeled back, sucking in a deep breath. Katniss thought he was going to scream but he let out a massive stream of fire. It engulfed the other boy completely, the primal screeching from the burned boy tore at her mind. She wasn't sure she believed what she saw, but what else could it have been? The Capitol had taken to calling him the Wyrm, like the dragons of legend. Gale figured just plain 'dragon' wasn't catchy enough. She couldn't stand the thought of Prim having to face that… thing. Gale must have sensed what she was thinking because he pulled her into his lap and kissed her. And kept kissing her.