lay in a jumble on her tongue, fighting to be the next to leave her mouth. "Annie," he says coyly. "When you're in the Capitol...how much time do they have you spend not mentoring?" Nerves eat up her insides like the acidic water that would fill ponds after a heavy rain storm, even more when Finnick doesn't speak. All that sounds is the rippling of the water and the rapid pulses from his chest. Finnick's breath is haggard as his lips find her ear. "Far too much," he whispers. "There is a scheduling system that is in place for all the Victors; mine is filled to the brim with lunches, dinners, galas and television appearances. Mentoring isn't my priority." "So if all the Victors have one, where's mine?" The words fly from her mouth before she realizes what she's saying. Finnick freezes, the question catching him off guard for a split second. "With me. I'm keeping it safe." "There's no need for that," she replies, anger pulsing in her tone. "I could handle a commercial here or there..." Turning to face him, Annie unweaves their hands and lifts them to cup his face, stroking his cheek with her thumb. She peels her hands from his face and he kisses her palms. "Pressure wise, probably. Though that's not what they had planned for you." Nerves settle back into the pit of her stomach and Annie can feel her heart begin to race. "Not what they had planned?" "They were planning to sell you." The reality of Finnick's words hit her harshly, knocking the wind from her lungs and thoughts from her mind. "Or give your body off as a reward. I couldn't, wouldn't, let Snow do that to you too. I did...I did what I had to do." The luminescent shine in his eyes grounds Annie as the tears that well in the corners beckon to be caught before they fall. All that anger that lay ready to boil over ebbs once her thumb catches the first one. She crushes their mouths together, pushing every iota of energy into it, refusing to let the emotions soaked into his tears consume him. All this time, Finnick's been so much more than merely a celebrity for the Capitol to ogle. He's been a plaything, battered and bruised by the fickleness and disregard of morals. How many of the others share the same atrocious fate? Then it dawns on Annie. "Cashmere…Snow sells her, too. Sold you together even, hasn't he? That's why it looked so effortless." "What looked effortless?" Finnick asks, brushing the remaining well of tears from his eyes. "The sex. In that commercial...the one with the condoms..." "You mean when I ate her out?" his voice wavers. "Yes, that one!" Finnick's eyes go wide, paralyzing him with fear. Shoving Annie across the tub and into the water, he scrambles out of the tub, frantic. He nearly slips on the tiles while he rapidly paces, though it does nothing to prevent him from hyperventilating. "They aren't supposed to play those out are they doing that? Where did you see it? Do you think Penny saw, or Mum or Dad, fuck Bastian...they'll all be furious! Especially now after I-" "Finn!" she cries, reaching out for him and stopping him in his tracks with her wet hands and soaking body. "Do you know what time it is?" He looks back at her with wild eyes but doesn't have an answer. "It's well past three in the morning. The only people up at this hour are you, me and Sandor Haddock across the way. Everyone else, they're tucked in their beds, fast asleep. And even if they are up watching TV, they couldn't have seen it because it wasn't on one of the 5 stations we get outside of Victors' Village," Annie reassures him with a smile. "A-are you sure?" "Positive." He relaxes a little, falling against the outside of the tub to catch his breath. Annie doesn't hesitate to join him, plucking towels off the racks as she curls up into his side on the tile floor. Finnick flinches at her touch, but settles into the warmth of her side once she weaves their fingers together. "Are you...mad?" "Not at you. Never at you. It's not your fault," Annie whispers into his damp skin, pressing a kiss to his temple. "Nor is it yours. I would do it again if I have to." Finnick rubs circles into her hand with his thumb. "Anything for you." "Just don't kill yourself in the process. Then I'll be mad at you," Annie says with a yawn. Emotions are exhausting things. She can feel her eyes falling shut the moment she drops her head onto Finnick's shoulder. They make a better pillow than those in the bedroom. She barely registers a shift of limbs but the shocking draft of cold air has Annie's eyes shooting open. Finnick gives her an apologetic look as he places her down onto the cool sheets. Slipping under the thin fabric, hiding the rip under the quilt, he comes to cuddle up beside her only after turning off the fireplace. Glancing up at him from under her lashes, they exchange a gentle smile as he draws his arm around her still damp body. "Y'know," Finnick draws her attention from her thoughts up to where his eyes rest on the television. The celebrity poker game is still on with Beetee sitting in front of even greater stacks of coloured chips. "I don't know why they let him play poker. You'd think by now they would've realized he's counting the cards." She can't help but smile, snuggling into his sun-soaked chest and the natural smell of coconut that radiates from his body. Of all the things Annie understood of Finnick, she realizes she doesn't understand everything there is to know, but is thankful that even on those challenging nights where waves crash violently over sand, they're still side-by-side, learning hour by hour how to breathe again.