William turns away, not ever handling gore very well. "No, no, surely this is worth watching!" Scipio says, laughing at the brutality. That was what really made William sick, how much the Capitol enjoyed watching these sad District kids kill each other with nothing but glee. William looks back, and sees that Katniss is not moving on to kill another enemy, but instead holding Rue, caressing her. Then, most amazingly, when Rue finally dies and the cannon fires, Katniss doesn't leave her. She goes to a nearby pond, gets masses of wildflowers and grasses, and makes Rue a bed, making it look less like the Hunger Games and more like a funeral. "This is…" William starts, but Katniss kisses her fingers and holds them in the air. William moves to give this ancient signal of unity back, when he remember where he is and feigns wiping his mouth. "That's one upstart little girl, isn't it..." William finally says. "You aren't kidding…" Scipio says, nodding to one of his peacekeepers who takes the machine away, "Makes for a truly wonderful show. The reason why I'm here, is to make sure that it remains just that, a show." "Of course…" William says. Scipio holds his hand out then smiles, a dark smile which makes William's stomach curl up into a ball. "District Four has tendencies. You are rich, you are strong, and you are far away. Unlike One and Two, District Four is famously disgruntled with how the Capitol manages you. Rich and rebellious is not a good mix, William." The word causes a pang in his heart. Rebellious. "No, we aren't rebellious. We serve the Capitol happily. We'll increase our construction and fishing efforts, raise more support…" "Stop. Don't worry, Mr. Odair. I promised you your life is not at risk, and it isn't. But you must understand, District Four's loyalty is…sometimes a concern for the Capitol." "No, never…" "Let me make myself clear, Mr. Odair. Katniss will die in these games, no matter what happens next. And no matter what she does, it should be remembered that she is nothing but a foolish upstart, and not a martyr. When she does die, I expect you to make sure there this District remains nothing but loyal." Scipio stands up and directs the boat back toward shore, "Thank you for that short trip. I do so appreciate when those from the Districts are so…accommodating." Scipio shakes William's hand. William gives him a smile, a wide, very scripted smile, then allows Scipio to exit the boat with his peacekeepers. William watches him go, feeling his heart pounding in his chest and quite dizzy. Scipio was right, District Four was rebellious, and now, it was William's job to bring it back under control. William had studied a great deal of the history of Panem, and the countries which preceded it. Every full rebellion he'd ever seen, from the ancient American Civil War to the Rebellion of Panem, was started by a rich upper class leading the rest of the country to revolt. The Capitol knew, and rightly so, that District Four could easily be that rebellious, rich, upper class. And if Katniss's act was enough to send an official out to make sure this District remained under control, the situation had to be getting bad. Rebellion is the last thing William wants to think about. In fact, William wants absolutely nothing with any rebellious plot. The last time rebellion was mentioned in his home; death followed. William returns to his house rather tense, knowing the others at his work will cover for him as he leaves early. When William gets home, he sits on his porch watching the sea until late at night, at which time he goes straight to bed, and lies there, feeling his hopelessness rob him of sleep. Even Mica's soothing songs and pats of support aren't sufficient to calm him down. He rolls over constantly, feeling the weight of the world on his shoulders. "How," William mutters after about two hours, "…Mica…how can I stop the District from rebelling? I'm not in control of District Four. How can I stop the people from revolting because of that girl? If she dies, she is going to become a martyr, there is no question." "You won't be able to think clearly about any of this, if you don't get some sleep…" Mica says, touching his hair. Her accented speech makes him a little calmer, but not much. Area Seven, her place of birth, was the poorest of the seven Areas, or subsections, of District Four, though their poverty was paradise compared to the other Districts, at least, this was the impression William got from the many Capitol residents who came to his hotels. William finally gives up trying to sleep and goes to take a shower. As he washes quietly in that, another symbol of luxury, William bangs his head against the wall in frustration. In fact, he barely notices his doing it until Mica knocks on the door to see if he's alright. "I'm…I'm alive, for now…" William says, trying to run over his options. He can't make a public announcement, that will be too staged, and the people would just rebel against him too. He can't just ignore the games, then the rebellion will start for sure. And he couldn't turn his allies and friends into his own army of peacekeepers. That would be taking power from the Capitol, and beside it would end in bloodshed and rebellion anyway. In fact, if Katniss was significant enough that her death would concern the Capitol about rebellion, District Four would likely collapse into chaos no matter what William did. "If she dies…Scipio didn't say anything about if she lives…" William murmurs, then returns to his bed, and sleeps soundly, with purpose on his mind. Tomorrow, he will go to the justice building, and sign himself up as a sponsor, and put his vast wealth into protecting Katniss, and by extension, District Four.