over to the coffee table, picking up the book. He walks back over putting it down on the table. "We should work on it together. You can remember the people and I can attempt to draw them if my hands allow it. We can get Haymitch to help with the people we didn't know so well." Both of us working on it together? Just like that? I don't know. Surely bringing up the wrong person or subject could become a catalyst for him. On the other hand I don't want to do it by myself. Even though it's a good idea, I think it would be very hard to write by myself. Maybe I can face it with someone else around. With Peeta around. "We could give it ago." "Who do you want to start with?" Can't believe he is so ready to talk about all of this. "You choose." This is a safer option. If he picks someone then there is less chance of him having an episode. "Rue." He looks me straight in the eyes. I don't know if this is challenging me or asking for approval. I'm sure it's the latter. "I think I might be able to find a pen somewhere. But I don't have any pencils or paints for you to use." I look around but I can't think of anywhere I might have some. There was no artist in my family. Peeta finishes his bread and stands up. He pulls out a strawberry tart out of the basket with a cheese loaf. The strawberry tart looks amazing. He clearly notices me staring at it. "Grab yourself a slice, I made it for you anyway. I'm going to go back home and pick up some paints. I will be right back." With that he walks off, taking the basket with him. How did it get to this? This morning we hardly seemed to want to be in the same room and now he wants to spend the rest of the day with me? I guess I want to spend the rest of the day with him. It's been too long since we have just been us and away from the cameras, propaganda, war or games. Maybe we have a shot at being friends now. I start to think what I can write about Rue. I grab the paper but remember I have no pen. I repeat what I know in my head instead. Rue was 12 years old and came from district 11, the harvest district. She taught me the four note tune which meant the day's work is over. The more I think about her the more everything beautiful brings her to mind. I still see her in the yellow flowers that grow in the Meadow by my house. I still see her in the mockingjays which I can hear from my house. She was an amazing tree climber, able to jump from one to another. She saved my life in the arena and trusted me partly because of the mockingjay pin. The pin which turned into the symbol for the rebellion. I turned into the mockingjay and then nothing but death followed. Most of which were my fault. I find myself in the foetus position again. I wish Peeta would hurry back. At least with company I won't find myself drifting off to these thoughts. On the other hand if I told him about it, he would probably just agree and say it is my fault. I wonder where he is. He has been a while for something he knows where they are. I wait a bit longer, occupying myself by doing the small bit of washing up from our breakfast. I put the jam away and cut a couple of slices of tart ready. I sit back down. Still not here. Watching the fire, I stroke Buttercup. It still seems strange he lets me do this. Stranger still, he purrs. A few hours pass and I look over at Peeta's house through the window. I can't see any movement. I guess I can't from here anyway. I haven't been outside since returning to 12. I open the door to look. A few yards feel like miles as I start to walk out. I hold myself cross armed as I make my way over. It's not cold, I just feel vulnerable outside. I finally make it to his front door and knock. No answer. Knock. Still nothing. Pushing the door open I peak my head around. The house is pretty trashed. It looks like knives have been used on the walls. The banister is broken. There is a chair smashed in a corner and glass all over in the back room. Suddenly I feel very on edge again. I don't know where he is. "Peeta?" No reply. I venture in deeper careful of my step. I don't know if I should make noise so I don't startle him or stay quiet. I stick with my hunting skills and carefully walk up the stairs, minding the mess. "Peeta?" A whimper? I definitely heard a small sound coming from one of the rooms on the left. As I walk up to it I can see the door has been taken off its hinges. I take a peek. It's clearly his art room and some of the pictures are more disturbing than I remember him painting. The one which stands out the most is a dog crossed with a female human. It has jagged teeth and long snake like fingers with talons on the end. I can see in one of its hands, it holds a bow. I guess that's how he sees me. If he truly believed I could change into something like that, no wonder he attacked me back in the hospital. Before I know what was happening I was up against the wall with Peeta pinning my shoulders to it. His eyes look completely different from this morning. His pupils change size rapidly.