had exchanged their greetings. "Madge is absolutely not engaged to Mr Heavensbee and is quite vexed to hear of such reports." Madge had never loved Annie so much as she did in that moment. Though she had spoken lowly, it had been enough for Captain Hawthorne to hear. He turned sharply and looked directly at Madge. She could only meet his look and hope that he could read her encouragement. "I do apologise, Miss Undersee," Captain Odair said. "I assure you I have not repeated the story to anyone outside this room and I will be sure to correct anybody else I hear repeating the rumour." "I should be much obliged." Captain Odair considered her for a moment. "It seems your time here is agreeing with you. Have you found something in Capilton to recommend it?" "The only thing that recommends Capilton to me is that all my friends are here, excepting Katniss and Peeta. But I will own that I have not found it completely intolerable," Madge admitted. "I have enjoyed being able to attend the concerts here, for instance. I still maintain that Seamby is superior in every way." "In every way?" Captain Odair repeated, his voice louder than necessary. "There is nothing in Capilton you prefer? The dressmakers, the chocolate shops?" "No Sir, I am not so fickle that I can be so easily swayed by frivolities. Given the choice, I would always choose Seamby." At this, Captain Hawthorne jumped from his seat. "Please excuse me, I have a matter I must attend to." He rushed from the room abruptly. Madge could not understand what had caused his departure or what he was thinking. Minutes later, Sir Henry was ready to leave. Captain Hawthorne had not returned and Madge was anxious not to go without seeing him one more time. She could think of no reason to stay, and though she delayed as long as she could, there was still no sign of him returning. As fortune would have it, as they were going down the stair he appeared in the doorway of a room below. "You are leaving?" he said to them. "I shall walk you out." Sir Henry made some polite remark. Effie was more courteous, understanding better than her husband that here in Capilton, Captain Hawthorne was a man of importance. "I understand you are leaving Capilton today, Captain," she said. "Should you stay, my husband and I are throwing a small party next week, and we should be honoured to have your attendance." Captain Hawthorne was visibly surprised by the invitation. "I am undecided," he said. They were at the carriage now, he gave his hand to Madge to help her inside. When she was inside, he released her hand, leaving a carefully folded letter in hers. He nodded once, then walked into the house. No carriage had ever travelled so slow as the one that carried Madge home that day. With growing agitation, she watched as the scenery crawled by. They were barely halfway there, when Effie expressed the need to call into Smithsons to see if her new bonnet had arrived. Sir Henry also had an errand to attend to, so the carriage was diverted. Madge declined to go with them, saying she would wait in the carriage. Then they were gone, and finally alone, she was able to open the letter. " I came to Capilton, for one reason, with one intent - to once again win your heart. Since I arrived, I have known hope and agony in equal measure. One moment, I think you are encouraging me, might still favour me. The next, I believe you are in love with another, with one who has the support of those who surround you and influence you. One minute I hear you are engaged, then the next that you are free. I cannot wait any longer. I must speak, I must know if eight years has been too long, if those tender feelings have been lost forever. My feelings for you are unchanged. I have been unfairly angry, resentful and bitter, but I have always loved you. Only you. My heart is as much yours today as it was eight years ago when you almost broke it. I offer it to you again. I am eternally yours, G.H. " Madge could scarcely breathe after reading his words. She was overcome with happiness and with a dread that some great misfortune would befall her to snatch it away at any moment. She could not stay in the carriage, could not return to Camden Place. She must go to him at once. She told the footman that she wished to walk and to inform her father she would see him at home. Her intended destination was the Boggs' residence. She would return there under some pretext or other and somehow speak to Gale. She had to compel herself to show restraint, not to run, though her heart beat so fast. What if he was gone? What if she could not find him and he left Capilton? But she had no cause to worry, because there he was, walking towards her. He hesitated when he saw her, uncertain. She smiled, her eyes bright and hurried towards him, vanquishing all doubt. Conscious of the public setting, they reined in their smiles. Gale tucked her arm in his and they decided to take the relatively more private path through the public park. They walked as close together as propriety would allow, their heads bent together, exchanging soft words. They assured each other of their love, exchanged their promises, spoke once again of the future they would share. When a bend in the path offered them solitude, hiding them from view of any other party enjoying the park that day, they paused to take advantage of it. "I will not give you up this time," Madge vowed fervently. "There is nothing and nobody that can persuade me." She sealed her promise with another kiss. The End.