The anthem that night shows the face of the artist girl from Eleven, with dark skin and eyes and hair and everything, and the boys from District Five, Nine, and Ten. She thinks of how selfless the Ten boy was, Fodder. He didn't deserve to die. He deserves to live, to be somehow, magically brought back. But that can't happen. Her heart breaks for the person he volunteered for. She just lies still in the darkness, trying to sleep again, and lets herself think too much about everything. But then she tries to think of nothing at all, but then she feels too much, and that's bad, too. She doesn't want to feel anything right now. If only she could be as cold as some of the others. But weren't they just kids, too? What separated them? Everything. Nothing. Maybe she is losing it. She's nearly sure that she is, in any case. She almost wants to die. But she can't. Life isn't even that merciful. It's just her and the pair from Four, now. The finale should be soon. Tomorrow is Day Twelve. What a good number to end on. . . . . . She doesn't want the final battle to take place somewhere small, dark, and where she's completely trapped, so she heads out of the caves towards the Cornucopia. Sassy's just at the final turn she needs to take to see sunlight when she first hears the screams. Now she draws her sword and sprints around the corner and out into the open air. A group of mountain lions is chasing the District Four tributes, and she smacks straight into the girl when she is torn backwards. The pain takes a few seconds to register as she dangles helplessly from the mutt's mouth. She feels the teeth tearing down into her clothes, through her skin and muscles, going deeper through her and tearing her flesh open more as the base of the mountain lion's teeth nearly hits her. She can't think, can't see, can't do anything but scream, as she is tossed up in the air and lands on the ground, hard, the breath knocked out of her. Blood is leaving her body at a furious rate, pouring down her back and stomach, hot and sticky. She's dizzy and sick, and it hurts, great Panem, and she's trying to move on the ground, flailing wildly, jabbing her sword out with her good arm towards the District Four boy. Another mutt drags him up, and when she sees what she must've looked like a few seconds ago, she feels worse, and it all aches more. She's managed to get up onto one knee, and raises her weapon, brings it down into the top of the head of the mutt holding the Four boy in its teeth, and, scared half to death, she gets out of the way of another mountain lion trying to claw at her leg. It still scrapes her, and it burns, searing and stinging. The mutt she stabbed dies, and hits the ground with a thud and the final scream of the boy still in its mouth, as its death go too far into him, penetrating his heart. There's a cannon. His district partner screams and tries to jump at Sassy, pins her on the ground, when a mutt attempts to grab both of them and they hurtle out of the way together, a mess of limbs and blood and missing pieces of meat from their bodies. Sassy gives a terrified, agonized scream and tries to throw the girl off of her, manages to get up, and falls back, straight into the paws of another mountain lion. She's lifted off the ground, and almost dropped, with claws as long as her hands holding her up by the shirt, running through her skin. It hurts too much, she just can't…. Some choked sound escapes her as she's dropped, her body hurting from the fall and literally being torn apart and her previous injuries and just everything , and the Four girl is tossed towards her by another mutt, and Sassy attempts to run her through with her sword just as the cannon fires. Her weapon hits the girl anyways, and she wonders if she just killed her, or if the mutts did. They disperse, but Sassy is still afraid and the pain doesn't stop with the announcement of her victory that she barely registers, lying limply on the ground, not sure of anything anymore. "Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the victor of the three-hundred eighty-fourth Hunger Games, Sassafras Hemlocke!" She can't even get a smile on her face, can't move, can't open her eyes, can't think of anything but pain, pain, pain, and the hovercraft swoops down before she can. . . . . . One week after Sassy wins, her victory ceremonies begin: interviews, parties, a celebration back home. She sees her mother and grandmother, and they hug her and they cry. They move into the Victor's Village. Six months later, she goes on her Victory Tour. In District Seven, she promises Hazel Grace's cousins donations of money and whatever they need, and a house they can live in with a Capitol attendant to take care of them, which she pays for. One year later, she marries Coarse, and she has never been happier. But quickly, she is off to the Capitol to mentor. Her tributes die, a vicious boy of eighteen and a beautiful girl a year younger. She becomes close with the families. Three years later, she has her first and only daughter, Corsage. She was going to name her Hazel, but Coarse begged her not to. She calls her daughter Sage. Twenty-two years after the Games, as her daughter prepares for the arena, she is called to the Capitol to help fight District Fourteen, because she is still loyal to Panem. And she is, she really, truly is, despite the Games, despite everything. Also despite everything, she's all right.