that kissing I guess I won't. He really loves me after all. Every year there is this woman named Rierri Locksloph who does the reaping and this year she sported a ravishing red dress which was puffy at the bottom, with tall red high heels sparkling with an clutter of diamonds and make up so heavily caked onto her face you could barely see the real her under all of it. My friend Sera from school made her way next to me, nervously trying to hope that she doesn't get chosen. Sera's family weren't that rich because their dad never seemed to be able to catch any fish. The upsetting thing is it's not even because he chooses the wrong spot, or that he can't hook or choose his bait properly. It's simply a case of bad luck. Sera's dad and I went fishing once in the same boat, using the same bait and I caught dozens upon dozens of fish whereas he didn't catch a single one. When I thought that I just happened to catch all of the fish, I watched him without having my rod in the water and it was as if the fish just decided they weren't hungry for bait anymore. I tried thinking of other ways why he couldn't catch fish, and showed him with his own fishing rod and I caught several fish on his own rod. When he got his rod back he was confident that he would catch his own fish, but once again all the fish suddenly weren't hungry. After a week, he gave up and made do growing fruit in his backyard. Part of the reason why every year I took out eight tesserae each year was not only because I wanted to be a part of the games, but also because I gave Sera's family the tesserae to feed their family of four with twice the amount of grain and oil. "Nice dress." Sera trembled. "Thanks. You look great yourself." I replied. "Jasmine I –" "Happy Hunger games!" Rierri began, cutting Sera off. I looked forward at the lady standing on a small stage, with her face enlarged on the massive television above her. "It is time to select two brave and strong young teenagers with the great honor of representing District 4 in this year's 71st Hunger games!" Applause broke out in the crowd. I smirked, laughing at sadistic crowd in my head. She then began the normal ritual of talking about the dark days, and how the Capitol holds the Hunger Games to remind all twelve remaining districts that they have the power to make every one of us fall to our knees. On my left, closer to the fish markets stood Danny, looking at me longingly. Don't volunteer, please. He mouthed, pleadingly. I won't. I mouthed back before he gave me a satisfied smile and turned his head back around to listen to Rierri's repetitive speech. "Ladies first! And may the odds ever be in your favor!" She screamed, plunging her hand into the thousands of slips in the glass ball. Please be my name, I thought. So all my hard work in training will pay off. However, my thoughts were suddenly conflicted. Not seeing Danny for up to a month at best – and that's if I get out of the arena alive. Then there was Sera, who I hoped wouldn't have her name drawn because her family struggles enough already. Then when Rierri pulls out the slip and unravels it, I knew I didn't have to worry about Sera. She only has six slips with her name of it in there. The odds are completely in her favor. That's why I'm not surprised when one of my seventy slips reaches the hands of the reaper herself. "Our female tribute, Jasmine Kouch!" She exclaims in her high pitched voice. I step forward, laughing to myself. This is my year to shine. My father and mother stand in the crowd hugging each other, distraught with the news. Their only child was going to be pitted with twenty three other kids my age in a fight to the death. Of course, my parents don't know about my training. They don't know that I can even do anything with a knife apart from cut a fish's head off and scale it. I remember the only reason why I trained was because it was around the time a female tribute from our district had won and was doing speeches about the games at school. The way she talked seemed… so proud. I wanted to feel it, the sense of being proud of some sort of achievement. The only thing I can be proud of is being able to catch fish. Oh and singing. I sing loud and proud, even though people usually tend to tell me to shut up. "Would anyone like to volunteer?" She asks the crowd. I see Sera from the corner of my eye so hurt that I was picked. She's probably blaming herself right now. "Alright then, moving on!" Her hand dived into the other glass ball of all the guy's names. Looking at the crowd, Danny was fixated on the fact that I was chosen, even though I didn't even volunteer. He doesn't even seem to care about whether his name was going to be picked out next. But he should be, because that's the name Rierri reads out. This is only the first chapter of many chapters to come - it is a steady and slow process (because I'm in my senior year this year) and after my term holidays are over, my updates will be even slower. However, I thoroughly enjoy writing this fanfic so expect it completed sometime in the future! Please review my fanfic! Any feedback will be appreciated! Also, aside from the actual chapters I have included a separate page just to discuss reasons about particular choices I have made in my fanfic. So, read that also! Thanks!