down roots here—marriage, a de facto relationship, children." Madge lets out a nervous laugh. "Well, Gale and I have only been together for about a month. We aren't really thinking about any of those things." They haven't even said I love you yet, let alone talk about getting married, moving in together, or having kids. Wiress nods. "I know it's early days, but I thought I should let you know. Once you lose your expat status, it's much harder to get it back. Theoretically that shouldn't be a problem, because presumably you and your partner would support each other, but what if you separate?" She gives Madge an apologetic look. "I'm not saying that's going to happen. But it's best to know these things so you can make an informed decision, if and when the time comes." Separate? Who said anything about separating? The thought is so upsetting, it makes her want to throw up. But Madge covers it up the best she can. "I appreciate it," she says sincerely. "I'll keep that in mind. But you're right—it is early days." Once she's back at her desk, however, she stares blankly at her computer screen for a few minutes. There's nothing to worry about, she tells herself. If it ever comes to that, her salary's enough that she can afford to live in Dublin even without financial assistance from the company. She wouldn't be able to save as much, and she'd probably be better off living in a cheaper apartment, but she'll get by. Then again, would she want to stay here if she's no longer with Gale? She presses her hands to her face, willing her pulse to go back to normal. What about the opposite? Even if she and Gale went the distance, could she really see herself settling down here? She came here for the experience and for the adventure. For the freedom she didn't have in the States, because she was a politician's daughter. And she's come to love Ireland so much, and Gale and his family and their friends have made her feel so welcome. But they can't replace her old friends, her parents, Aunt Maysilee, even her grumpy Uncle Haymitch. And she could never ask Gale to give up his life here—not in a million years. Let's cross that bridge when we get there, she thinks. Don't worry about whether you would want to stay. As long as you can , you'll be grand. For the first time, her subconscious use of Gale's favorite word doesn't give her the warm fuzzies. They're one month into the relationship—she's supposed to be living in the moment. She isn't supposed to worry about how long the moment is going to last. But she can't help worrying. While her contract, her visa, and her expat benefits seem safe—for now—the conversation with Wiress has reminded her that all of those things come with an expiry date. The unbearable thought comes to her that maybe her relationship with Gale has an expiry date, too. Gale pops the Bluray disc into the player. "This time we're really going to watch something," he jokes. "No distractions." Madge forces herself to smile. "I didn't hear you complaining before." He smirks at her. "My mouth was too busy to complain." They settle into their usual TV-watching position: curled up together on the couch, his arm draped around her shoulder, her head nestled in the crook of his neck. Out of habit, her hand sneaks up under his jumper. In the past, she's always done this as a prelude to getting his clothes off. But now she just wants to remind herself that he's real. He gives her a squeeze. "You're awfully quiet." "I've been having to cover for Delly," she tells him truthfully. "I'm exhausted." He presses his lips to her forehead. "All right." It's one of Posy's favorite films: something called Song of the Sea . Madge doesn't really know anything about it, except that it's Irish, animated, and critically acclaimed. But the opening sequence is so beautiful, and the music so hauntingly sad, that it isn't long before she feels hot tears rolling down her cheeks. She sniffs, as quietly as she can manage, but there's no point. Gale can hear everything. There's a look of alarm on his face, and he immediately pauses the film. "What's wrong?" What could she say? They're not ready for this conversation. But, at the same time, she can't lie to him. She gives in. "It's just… something Wiress said earlier." Her cheeks are flushed with embarrassment as she explains. "It's ridiculous, really," she says, after she's told him everything. "We're young, we just got together… this isn't supposed to be on our radar. It shouldn't be, not for a long time." He doesn't say a word, and for a moment Madge is convinced that she's already scared him off. But then he puts his hand under her chin and lifts it so she's looking at him. They kiss. They must have kissed one hundred, three hundred, five hundred times before this. But now he's kissing her like he's never had before—like he's starved for her, but starved in a way that can't be satisfied by sex alone. In his arms she feels like she's the most precious thing to him. Like what they have is the most precious thing in the world. When they part, Gale licks his lips, as if he's savoring the last lingering taste of her kiss. "I can't tell you what the future holds, Madge." He says it quietly, but his voice is deep, husky, and full of emotion. "And I can't tell you what to do. All I know is that I think… I think I'm falling in love with you." Her heart soars. "I think I'm falling in love with you, too." Outside it's dreary and cold; the depths of an Irish winter. But here, inside, there's nothing but warmth and light, Gale and Madge melting into each other.