He grabs his sword and cuts Peeta's leg, his upper thigh, to be exact, mercilessly. Cato's going to kill District Twelve. End of story. . . . xv. There's an announcement telling the tributes that two can win, if they're from the same District. He and Clove exchange a glance. They can both go home now. It only makes sense, since they're the two strongest and most skilled fighters in their District. The only thing stopping them is the brats from District Twelve. And Thresh from District Eleven. Oh, and they can't underestimate the girl from Five. They're the only two Careers left and things are pretty awkward. They're arguing over every single little thing. Cato wants to kill her right then and there, but knows that his District would never forgive him for it. He reminds himself that they're only allies, not friends. (Or even worse, lovers.) There's going to be a feast with the things that the tributes desperately need. Armor, he thinks. They're warriors, and they need armor to protect themselves from Katniss and her lethal bow and arrows. After a long discussion, they have a plan. Clove would run to obtain their backpack while Cato would scout the area for any tributes hiding nearby. The day of the feast, everything's going according to plan until he hears a scream. "Cato! Cato!" His heart stops beating because that voice belongs to Clove and she's in danger. "Clove!" he yells. Cato sprints towards her but it's too late. Thresh has already smashed her skull with a rock. Cato grits his teeth and decides not to fight him now. He'll get his revenge later. "Stay with me," he begs. "Stay with me, Clove." But it's futile so Cato just strokes her hair and tries not to cry. "Cato . . ." she manages to choke out. "You have to win. For me. For us." Cato nods. "I always loved you," Clove says, smiling. "You do know that, right?" Before Cato can respond, the cannon sounds. He starts sobbing uncontrollably now. He walks away because it's too painful to see the hovercraft come in to lift her body away. She's gone. She's dead and she's never coming back. He could've saved her. That night, he tells her picture in the sky, "I love you." But it's far too late. . . . xvi. The girl from Five dies soon enough and victory is just within Cato's grasp. He knows there'll be a twist. There's always a twist. Sure enough, these horrible creatures of the Gamemakers' creation find him and chase him for what feels like eternity. His lungs feel like they're about to collapse, but he knows that he can't stop running, no matter what. There's one particular mutt with silky dark brown fur whose piercing green eyes seem to bore into his soul. It's rather small but vicious and menacing nonetheless. Cato doesn't even have to look at the collar to know who it is. She seems to be asking why, why, why, and he really doesn't know what to do so he just runs, letting his legs carry him towards the Cornucopia, where he'll hopefully reach safety— He runs into The Girl on Fire and Lover Boy who look as scared as hell, so the three of them run from the mutts. There's a quite brutal fight on top of the Cornucopia, resulting in Cato falling to the mutts, who attack him and tear his body (and soul) into shreds. It lasts for hours and hours until Cato can't even feel anything anymore. He looks at the starless sky. There's no wishing stars in this arena anymore. There's nothing left for him to hold onto. Cato thinks back to the golden days when the Hunger Games was something totally irrelevant and life was all about cookies and cupcakes. It was so much easier back then. He had everything back then, but has nothing now. He misses laughing and not having to worry about his future. He misses the sun beating down on him as he kicks a soccer ball around in the grass. He misses his childhood. He misses his life. Everything's . . . gone. (And when you have nothing, you have nothing to lose.) So when he says, "please," he's not sure if he wants Katniss Everdeen to end his life quickly and get rid of the agonizing pain or keep him alive for a while longer. (It's probably the former.) She positions her arrow, and shoots. Everything moves in slow motion as Cato realizes that these are going to be his last few seconds on Earth. The arrow flies towards him, and he sees this bright explosion of colors. Cato tries to remember everything worth remembering about his life. Memories flash before his eyes — there's his fifth birthday, the reaping he attended when he was seven, beginning training when he was eight, fighting Clove, his first eligible reaping, and much, much more. He's about to die but he's not exactly sad. He'll be with Clove again. They'll be reunited in the afterlife. Some warrior he is. He couldn't save Clove, much less himself. The armor's fallen. Cato's fallen. The Games broke the image of a strong boy who was basically fearless. But that's what the Hunger Games do. They play with your emotions, your heart and your mind until you don't even know what's going on anymore. Cato understands now. He understands everything now. But it's much too late. And, as the arrow pierces his heart, he realizes that he had been denying his feelings for Clove for such a long time. But he never gave Cato and Clove a chance. He was so wrapped up in winning the Games, in bringing pride to his district that he forgot about all other things. Pride. Arrogance. Those are his flaws. The Games ruined him — he can't go back and change the past now. The last thing he sees before he dies is her face.