that fit her feet perfectly, a pair of woollen pants and her father's hunting jacket over a cotton dark green shirt. She slings the quiver of arrows over her shoulder and grabs by far the most prized possession of hers—the bow her father has crafted for her years and years ago. She leaves the house without telling him a word, but makes sure to do it loud enough for him to notice her departure while he works. The house is pleasantly filled with the mingled scents of spices and freshly baked goods. She walks through the town, observes the square being rebuilt, pavements being laid down where there was nothing but trampled paths of mud before; sees the progress the new settlers have done throughout the hours of the past week. It feels alien, this new District 12, as if she were just a visitor from a faraway land—and maybe she is, in a way, having travelled so many places, having seen so many scenes—scenes that still hunt her at night. Even her meadow looks different, she mentally remarks, looking at the fresh grass covering the mass grave. Somewhere underneath is where her kills lie—Peeta's family, her friend Madge and the Undersees, others that haven't made to Thirteen—some of which she knew from the Hob, others that were a part of her father's mining crew, Rooba the butcher to whom she used to sell meat, the Goat Man... Days and months have passed, a year, and she still didn't come to terms with all her faults, although no one said a word of blame to her. Guilt hardly ever cares about personal opinions, however. She strolls through the tall grass and around the new-built houses and farmlands, tries to remember the exact position of the fence that stands there no longer. Only the growing outline of forest remains familiar. She passes Thom's house on her way to the rock she used to sit with Gale, submerged deep within her thoughts. She tries to force a smile on her face, but even with the sun warming her features it's hard to maintain. She stops in her tracks and breathes in the air coming from the mountains, chilly with the promise of autumn. Mockingjays' song fills her ears—a merry tune of the workers from town, imported from another district. Katniss doesn't recognise the song, but in the throats of the mockingjays it's infinitely familiar and embodies memories long past and gone. The breeze enveloping her and tugging at the stray strands of hair that have fallen out of her braid almost feels like her father's hands—somehow always cool, even in summer's heat. Her next step towards the woods is more resolute than those preceding it, but so is the voice coming from the fence of the house she left behind. She turns. Thom comes chasing after her through the tall grass, calling out her name. He used to be a part of Gale's mining crew and helped carry him to her family's house that fateful day of the whipping and was among the first to return to Twelve after the war; now, with the mines closed forever, he is but a farmer living a simple life at the edge of the woods—that is, if he hadn't recently been elected a mayor of the recovering district. "Katniss," he says. "I've been meaning to stop by at your house. There's something that you really ought to see." She follows him soundlessly to a barn that houses several animals—among them a young heifer, a few hens and a goat. A goat. Snow-white with patches of midnight black and a set of scars on her shoulder like— "This can't be." she breathes out. "Found her in the middle of the forest when I was gathering firewood the other day, just chomping grass like nothing could faze her. Figured whose she was right away." A tear rushes from the corner of her eye. It's definitely, undoubtedly her. Lady. It even has that ribbon tied around the neck still, though it's tattered and dirty. Katniss doesn't know how it managed to survive through the bombing, but she suspects the goat must've scared and ran away before the danger reached her and now it stands there, unsuspecting and chewing on straw. Katniss recalls the day she bought the animal from the Goat Man, how her mother fought hard to restore it to health. But most of all she remembers the silly smile Prim wore when she first laid her eyes on it, her tears of joy and giddy laughter, how she huddled up with it on a blanket by the fire. Her knees give out and she kneels next to it, wrapping her arms around its neck as if it were her sister. The goat sniffs at her hair uncertainly at first, but then licks her cheek as she did Prim's that night. Katniss clings onto the animal for dear life as the tears stream down her face. "Lady," she mutters under her breath. "How'd you made it out?" It's Thom's voice that answers, "I've no idea." he shrugs. "Hold on, I'll give you a rope to lead her home on." She lifts her eyes to the young man and mouths a silent thank you. "You're welcome, Katniss, we all owe you one. Or a dozen." he smiles. Yet it's Katniss who feels more indebted—for all the lives she unintentionally stole by being too rebellious for President Snow to tolerate. At least they weren't wasted, though, —that's her only consolation now that Panem is free and she haunted by faces—some of which she hardly knew. Had the revolution failed... well, she wouldn't live long enough to take the blame. When she arrives home and sneaks into the study with tears still pouring from her eyes, she puts down one last point for the day. - Thom finding Prim's goat. N/A: I would like to give props to silvercistern for inspiring me to write this by her story The List.