the corridor. Katniss "Rory listen peeta will look after you ok he wont let you die" I tell him I go through a few things but he isn't really listening. "Why aren't you going?" he asks me. "Because of flora" I answer. "Gale wishes he didn't do that to you and wants to say sorry" he says just before I leave. When I get back up to peeta I pass gale and he stares at me as we pass. …. "Peeta I will miss you and so will your daughter." I tell him this as he says goodbye to her. He starts to cry and I give him a hug. "Don't worry ok" I say to him in are imbrace. 2 weeks later The games are under way and Rory is still alive. I haven't seen gale since the reaping and I have been worrying about him. I start every day the same, waking from a nightmare then I get up feed flora, dress flora, play with flora, and put her to sleep and the same thing every day. I wish I had some company and some help. Flora is getting big and has a few teeth coming so she has been teething. There was a knock at the door this morning though that caught me off guard. I was in the living room changing flora when it happened so I couldn't even answer "come in" I shout and in response I hear the door open. I turn to see who it is and find gale standing in the door way. "Hey, you looked tired" he says as he enters. "Well I am with the nightmares I haven't slept" I say with a sigh. "Do you need help because I don't have to go to the mines since Rory is in the games and we are down to the final eight?" Gale says while he sits down on the sofa. "Oh, the final eight Rory is good" I say trying to lighten the mood but it doesn't seem to work. "So can I help you out katnip it's the least I could do after what I did" he says to me in a low voice. "Yeh you start today, can you look after her while I take a shower" I ask him trying no to sound as if I don't trust him. "Yeh go ahead" he says back so I go upstairs but bring the baby monitor so I can listen in. "Hello flora how are you" I hear him say and flora laughing. This goes on for the next week and we watch Rory on TV together. He is really good with flora and im happy for his company. Peeta Rory is down to the final 2 him and a small but evil girl from district 4 they meet at the only river in the arena. He spears her in the shoulder but she has a knife in is arm in no time. He tackles her to the ground and uses the knife she hit him with to end her life in the neck. He won I can't believe it though. Gale will be so grateful. I go home without Rory though and decide to surprise kat if I come home early. When I get to my home it's late. I open the door to see katniss hugging gale. "elm hello" I say "katniss when she hears me she flips "peeta, your back OMG flora missed you so much" she says in a hyper voice after giving me a kiss. "So gale, what are you doing here" I ask him. "I have been helping katnip with flora and other stuff. Keeping her company. And thanks with Rory" he hugs me, this is a surprise. "I need to go and check on my family" gale says and leaves. Later on there is a knock on the door and there stands Kats family. I don't want to tell kat what snow made me do but I know she will ask. Katniss "So what did snow make you do?" she asks in a shy low voice. "He made me…..made me….." he is lost for words so I know this is bad. "He made me sell my body" my mouth drops. "It's okay though I don't have to ever again" I start to cry "this is my fault" I say. "No kat its fine im still the same peeta, it's not your fault it's his, it's the capitols. I take this ruff so peeta looks after flora for a day before I come out of my room. "Hey kat flora has been missing you" peeta says when he meets me in the living room. "She wants to show you something" flora is standing up at the sofa and peeta tells her to come and she walks to him. "Omg that is great flora, I love you baby" I say while I scope her up and give her a tickle. Epilogue We sit in the garden watching our children flora and vires are baby boy with the dark eyes and light hair chases his sister with the light hair and blue eyes. They don't know what future is ahead of them but gale is trying to fix it. He has started rebellions. I hope they work. Vires means strength. His first words were mom and hers were dad. They are happy and love each other very much. I hope gale comes through we need there future to be great, they at least deserve that right. Im pregnant again peeta loves are children and im happy that I greed to more. The capitol is a place where no one should be sent and I wont let that happen to kids if it means I die. Peeta would do the same and he would fight. In the end all we want is a chance of life with no hunger or death. I hope you enjoyed this and I will write more if you want on it.