I've ever met!" I defended, and Madge scoffed, rolling her eyes. "So how do you explain the flowers left on your bench last week? Peeta has a thing for you and you know it !" She jabbed my arm with her finger, which actually hurt quite a bit and I was convinced it would leave a bruise, which it did. "They could've been from anyone! Maybe someone from work had sent them up!" I said, looking for an excuse from what my head was telling me. "I'm not convinced! Peeta knows where you keep everything and you even said it looked like his writing on the card!" She pointed out, taking a large gulp from her drink, "If you go back, and he hasn't confessed his feelings to you... Well... then... I will bloody well will force it out of him!" That was definitely a night to remember... "He must have been here all week," I muttered, glancing up to the windows of my apartment and gripping the handle of my case in my hands, "I'll go see if he's finished." Madge slapped my bum playfully and I turned to glare at her, "Go get 'em tiger!" I rolled my eyes at her phrase and pulled the suitcase towards the building, pressing the button for the lift and soaring up to the fourth floor as quickly as the lift would take me. As I fumbled with my keys, slotting it into the lock and turning it, I could hear scurrying around inside, and pushed open the door to reveal a completely different apartment to what I had left behind. The sofa was pushed against the wall, and the bookcase Peeta had assembled was beside it, a few books rested against one another. I dropped my keys onto the phone table, shutting the door behind me as I turned to look around the apartment, but my eyes landed on the feature wall that I had been longing to see. I pushed my chocolate waves behind my ear, taking a few hesitant steps to get a better view of the wall and my heart literally stopped. The television was now attached to the wall, which was painted a deep blue, and against the gorgeous colour were small drawings and lashes of paint, which complemented one another nicely. "Do you like it?" came from the hallway, and my eyes moved to Peeta, who was standing beside the island, his hands in front of him, locked together. He wasn't wearing his work clothes but black jeans with a button up, the sleeves rolled up which emphasized his toned arms. His hair was messy as per usual but it was exactly the way I liked it. I didn't even notice my mouth fall open as I looked to the wall and to him, a smile making its way onto his perfectly sculpted façade, "It's beautiful." He stepped forward, coming to stand beside me and look at the wall, "You see, the grey flecks reminded me of your eyes, which I love the colour of. They sparkle when you smile, which is why I've added a few flecks of gold, to symbolize that. I've also drawn some lilies, which is the pink here," He stepped forward, pointing to the beautifully sketched flowers in the corner of the wall. "These lashes here are to symbolize your eyebrows, which furrow when you read, and your forehead creases as you do, which is something that I love about you," he admitted, his gaze moving to mine as I stood frozen on the spot, probably a good thing, as if I moved, I would probably fall over, "This here is your hair when you wake up, and how it's slightly frazzled and makes you look even more beautiful than you already do. And here," he pointed to the center of the feature wall, to a small sketch of cups, "is my most favorite part, because you make one of the best cups of coffee I've ever had." And with that, he looked over to me, his face almost unsure, as he waited for my reaction. I shook my head, and watched as his eyes fell, which wasn't the message I was trying to convey. I hesitated, taking the few needed steps towards him, and as I stood centimeters away from him, his tall frame towering over me, I pressed up on my toes and touched my lips with his. I felt his body relax, his hands moved to my waist as our lips moved slowly, and a soft burning began in my stomach as his thumbs kneaded against my hips comfortingly. I wound my hands around his neck, my fingers playing with the few curls against the back of his neck, and for a moment I felt at peace. His fingers roped through my hair, tugging on my scalp as his tongue traced my bottom lip. Our tongues met hastily, and I happily devoured the taste of him, humming at the woody scent he emitted. "No one's ever done something like that for me before." I muttered in a small voice against his lips, and I opened my eyes to see his staring back at me, his thumbs now making small circles against my waist. "Well, if you'd let me, I'd like to make sure I continue to do this for you." He asked, and I nodded without hestitation. "So, what are you asking me?" I furrowed my eyebrows, smiling as a grin turned up on his face. "I'm asking if I can continue to see you." I chuckled, "that all depends on if you're going to stick around." "I don't think I could spend another second away from you." And with that his lips landed back on mine, and I surrendered to the existence that was Peeta. a/n this is just something i wrote a while ago let me know what you think - it's kinda terrible but its something for you whilst I'm writing Louder Than Words x