his passage. "Mmm, fuck yeah" Gale growled as he ground his hips against the muscular ass of his lover. Peeta moaned as that one special spot buried inside him sent crackles of electricity through him, stimulated by that huge cock was buried inside of him. With his huge balls resting between Peeta's thighs, Gale continued to grind his crotch against his boy's ass, feeling every contraction from the boys insides as they were stimulated from his huge length. Peeta panted as he felt Gale resume his hard thrusting into him, feeling his ass contract and expand as he pulled out only a few inches then slammed them back in. His own cock, ignored this whole time, slapped and slammed against the hot side of the tub, his balls being slapped by the Gale's nuts with every thrust inwards. Above him, Gale continued, his huge grunting body drenched in sweat continued to move as he kept up his hard thrusting. He closed his eyes and tilted his head back as he continued to pound into Peeta's ass, drilling the huge cock deep inside that tight orifice. "Gale, seed me" Peeta cried out as his mind fogged over and his desires peaked inside him. Once again he lost himself to the lust that had built up and his body desired for Gale to finish what he started. "Take it" Gale growled as he emptied his balls deep into the boy, his orgasm reaching its peak as he slammed every inch into the boy's tight ass. A huge flood of cum erupted from his balls and swirled around in the boy's tight rear. Peeta cried out as the hot seed flooded his insides, expanding his stomach even more as the torrent of liquid heat filled his insides. He gasped as he felt his loins tingle with his own approaching orgasm. With a cry against the water underneath him, Peeta felt his cock throb with the pulsing of his orgasm as he erupted against the side of the tub. The constant stimulation to his insides and the liquid heat inside him cause him to erupt hands free. It wasn't the first time it had happened, and it wouldn't be the last either. Gale let out a roaring cry as he felt the boy's ass constrict around his cock almost milking him dry as he flooded Peeta's insides. He could almost hear the thick load of cum slosh and work its way through Peeta's ass as he filled him. With a growl he ground his cock against the boy's muscular ass, several spurts of his seed squirting around the length that stretched his hole wide open and began to dribble down his legs as Gale slowly pulled out. "Oh, good boy" Gale growled as he felt the boy's ass contract, still trying to pull the huge cock back into him as the boy moaned in a drunken state of pleasure. Peeta felt his body quiver and tremble as the huge cock was pulled from his backside and left him with a deep sense of emptiness. He could feel a thick river of the teen boy's seed run down the back of his legs. "Gale..." Peeta moaned out as his body trembled, arms growing weak as he almost slipped into the water. He felt Gales huge hands slide under his chest and pull him upwards, letting his boy go limp against his huge sweaty muscles. "Thank you Gale" Peeta said with a smile up at the huge teen boy, feeling the river of cum reach his ankles by now as his body started to regain some of its energy, enough to let him stand by himself. "Your welcome" Gale responded in a soft voice. "We should stop this Peeta. It's getting too dangerous. If anyone discovered us, the Capitol would kill you and Katniss. You are supposed to be star-crossed lovers. A boy who a star crossed lover with a girl is not supposed to be going round getting a cock up his ass at the first opportunity," Gale said in a resigned tone. "No! I can't stop, it feels too good'" Peeta frantically said. "I'm sorry, but if you don't put an end to this then I will. This needs to end, the risks are too high, especially for Katniss and her family, who don't even get a choice in the matter." Gale replied firmly. "Just one more time! Please! This can't be the end! Peeta cried out. Gale obviously was deliberating with himself, weighing the rewards of having such huge pleasure against the risks of being caught. If he were wise, the answer would be obvious, but Gale was a teenage boy, and there is a reason they have the reputation of being horny idiots who don't think about the consequences. Needless to say, Gale gave in and granted Peeta's request, on the condition that the next time be truly the last. Comforted, Peeta decided to extend Gale some hospitality. "Do you want to stay for tea?" "No, my family will be missing me," Gale replied gruffly, promptly walking out the door. After that, Peeta went to bed, and as he lay alone in the dark room Peeta thought. Why couldn't I bear the thought of this being the last time? It is not as if there aren't other ways to get some pleasure, especially when you're a victor. So what is it about Gale that makes him so special? As Peeta thought, he suddenly came to a horrific realization. He suddenly realized why he couldn't do it. And the very thought terrified him. "I think I love him" I wasn't sure about publishing this one, as I do not actually support the ship. I could, if it were canon, but it just felt a little awkward to write, as if the characters would never do this themselves. Anyways, I don't know whether to leave this as a one-shot or make it longer. Leave your opinion as a review please. As always, criticism welcome.