Peeta starts taking photographs for magazine shoots. Katniss starts dressing these models and celebrities in her label. Gale gets a job in the local council. Madge joins a law firm, making her way through the legal system and showing her children they can be anything they dream of. Both our families eventually move out and to another neighborhood. We were slowly outgrowing our houses as our children grew bigger and numerous pets were added to the family. Our children grow, excelling in school and their extracurricular activities. And we wish time would slow down just a bit as we watch them creep closure to graduating and attending college. Thomas is the first to graduate. Will and Patrick follow a couple of years later. Then Caroline and by the time Will and Patrick graduate college, Claire graduates high school, enrolling in an Ivy League school. It brings tears to her parent's eyes as she's allowed in the doors of the college. Thomas becomes a lawyer. Will goes into accounting. Patrick goes into architecture. Caroline finds a knack for fashion, soon joining me at my label and Claire does a premed course, hoping to one-day work in medicine. And we watch them all fall in love, endure heartbreak and heartache, fall in love again and settle down with their loved ones. They eventually marry and over the years, they watch as their family expands even more, grandchildren entering the world. At the age of 66, Madge dies of an aneurysm. A year later, Gale dies of a stroke. The kids keep me company as do the grandkids. Caroline has taken over the business but allows me to help her create pieces, designing beautiful couture gowns and dresses. Lexie, my youngest grandchild sits on my lap with a book in her hands. She can't yet read the words but she likes to make up a story to go with the words, much like her uncle did when he was a toddler. The phone rings and I reach beside me, answering the call. "Hello?" " Hi, it's Peeta." "How are you Peeta?" " Very good." He tells me. The death of our spouses hit us hard but we've managed to keep strong and willful. Still managing contact and going to each other's houses for coffee. We've been friends for over fifty years, we've been through a lot. " I was wondering, do you have any plans tonight?" He asks me. "No." " Would you like to go dancing with me?" I haven't been dancing for years and a night out with some company would be nice. "What time are you picking me up?" I know he's smiling on the other side of the line. He's at the door at 6, just like he promised. He wears a top hat and white tie. "Ready to go dancing?" I take his offered arm and let him lead me to the cab he has waiting. Despite the snow covering the ground, it's a magically evening, like all those nights we spent riding in the streets in his car. That seems like a lifetime ago. He leads me inside of the ballroom where a band plays music for the guests who wear their best outwear. Smiles are wide on their faces as they move to the music. "Drink?" "Wine please." We drink and dance together for the whole evening. Yeah you, got that something I think you'll understand When I feel that something I wanna hold your hand "I remember watching you and Madge dance to this song in her living room in 1964. I kind of wish it was me who was holding your hand." I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand I wanna hold your hand "You don't regret your life though do you Peeta? The one you created with Madge?" "Not at all." He tells me. "I've had a wonderful life." "Me too." "But I know Madge would want me to be happy. The kids want me to be happy." "Me too." He smiles and we continue to dance. We decide to walk home. I link my arm through his, helping him stay upright as he had had just a little bit too much to drink. We laugh though. Laugh loudly into the night recalling memories of our youth and all the mischief we used to get into. He slips as he tries to show off a dance move and falls into a snowdrift. He laughs from the pile of snow and when I go to help him to his feet, he pulls me down beside me and we watch the stars in the night sky. The next morning, I sit in the living room. George my fat yellow lab lies at my feet while I read the paper. Almost fifty years of marriage, two kids, four grand kids and I'm hoping he'll call me. My childhood sweetheart. The phone rings minutes later. "Hello?" " You free next Friday night?" He asks. … "We're getting married at the end of the month." Peeta tells Castor. "That's wonderful. Congratulations to you both." "We always wondered, if in another life we'd get the chance to be together." I say. "And we're lucky enough to get this opportunity, to be together and live the rest of our time together." Peeta bends down, plucking a flower from the ground. I smile when I see him holding a dandelion. "Do you know what this means?" Peeta asks Castor. "No sir." "It means rebirth." He tells Castor. "It's the promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. That it can be good again." He brought me a bunch of them after Gale's death. And then after he took me out dancing, when it turned to spring, he did the same again. Promising me, life will be good again. He'll make life good for me again. And after he kissed me, he asked me. "You love me? Real or not real?" I told him, "Real."