and work around my own. I let out a small groan before hearing the crash of boxes on the other side of the stage. Damn it! Can't a guy just have a moment with his crush around here?! I pulled back gently and gazed up at John's shaky eyes before I turned and ran. I'm sorry. My eyes searched him for a response but I should have known not to expect any. The only response I got was from Finnick when bounded into the room behind me. "LUPO, YOU SHOULD BE TRAINING! YOU WAIT TILL I GET MY HANDS ON YOU! I WILL MAKE YOU RUN TWENTY LAPS!" "If you can catch me!" I growled as I ran into an alley. Think fast on your feet. I leapt onto one wall and pushed my weight from one to the other till I was stood on a rooftop. Something they had called free running in the old days. Ha! Beat that Finnick. I might not be stronger but I'm faster than any one in this stupid district! It's how I survived for this long! The cold air harshly stung against my bare torso but still I kept up a smug grin as I watched him smash into the alley. He looked around for a bit until he managed to lock his cold eyes on me. "Honestly Finnick. All this time training me and you can't catch me?" I asked smugly with the hint of a false sweet smile. "You stuck up little-" "Little what?" I smiled and turned my ear towards him. "Idiot." He grinned and I felt his hand clamp around my ankle as he dragged me down. "Rule number one; don't get distracted." I landed with a crash onto the ground and held my head as it span painfully. That son of a bitch! Rain began to fall in a heavy down pour as it rushed painfully over my cold skin. Ever drop felt like a thorn stabbing against me. "Why am I training anyway? We both know I'm going to die!" He looked away at that point and I knew I had scored a point. "But when you think about it…its kind of funny isn't it." I frowned as he flinched back as though I had just punched him. "You are the reason my sister died. And because you didn't save her, I had no one left here. No one else to help me, no one to hold me when I cried. No one to be there for me. I was just an orphan. I had to rely on money and survival by making myself into an act. I had to make myself an object for everyone to stare at to survive! I HAD TO BELITTLE MYSELF TO LIVE!" I screamed. "If she was still here, my sister? I wouldn't be doing that; I would be working on the docks with her. I WOULD BE HAPPY! I WOULDN'T BE TERRIFIED EVERY TIME I HAD TO EAT BECAUSE I'D BE SCARED IT'S MY LAST! It's your fault Finnick! I'm going to die! AND IT'S BECAUSE OF YOU!" My words smashed into him as I intended and I looked at his gaze as he shook his head. "You just don't understand do you? They're not just taking you into the arena." He turned back and I saw the glare in his face. "All this time you were doing the show, you were making it all the worse for yourself!" He snapped. "What… What are you on about?" I glared feeling a cold run through my chest… oh god… no they wouldn't… I shook my head. No it was impossible! They couldn't! The very rules of the game- "They know who helped you run the club." He stated. "You know how defiant the capitol is against making money through those types of acts-" "AGAINST THOSE TYPE OF ACTS?! THE MOMENT YOU TURNED SIXTEEN YOU BECAME THE CAPITOL WHORE AND SLUT!" I screamed not caring who had heard me. He looked at the ground ashamed before slowly looking me back in the eye and said the final thing which would finish me off. "They know John helped you." "No." Everything started slowing down as I stared helplessly into his eyes. NO this can't be happening! IT JUST CAN'T! "They've put him into the reaping as well to be picked. They want to make an example out of the both of you." "NO!" I screamed and punched out trying to hit him but he just moved his shoulder out the way and I hit the wall square on before I turned back to him, ignoring the vicious pain in my hand. "NO! I'M NOT LOOSING THE ONLY OTHER PERSON I CARE ABOUT!" I tried striking him again but he just dodged it. "Don't worry." He pulled me close into a hug but I fought against it. Don't touch me! Don't touch me! My thoughts screamed but it wasn't until I slowly stopped fighting against him, that he loosened his grip and began to pat my head softly, letting his hand move through the golden curls. "I have a plan." But I shook myself away from him. NO! No more plans! No more anything! "The last plan you had, got my sister killed." I whispered and he became still. A dark pause began to pass between us. I knew that was a low shot but I just didn't care. It was the truth! I slowly raised my head from his chest and looked away from him. "And now… I'm going to die. What does it matter anyway?" I whispered and slowly pushed myself off him. I looked up as John came out into the alley way. He must have heard all the crashing and shouting… what else had he heard? He looked at Finnick then back at me as he held out a hand and gently took my good one. "Good evening Finnick." He said curtly before pulling me away. What had he heard?