When Ivy finally opens her eyes, the flickering of the lights catches her attention and while she nurses she falls asleep to the lights changing around her. And even on New Years Eve when Katniss and I are exhausted and in bed before the countdown, Ivy curled on my chest we watch the lights. The lights calming us down after a stressful week of getting used to our newborn. When it's been 2am and Ivy is resisting her sleep, Katniss finds the soothing sight of the lights her comfort while she comforts our daughter. It's this year, our first year as parents when we know that our traditions have been set for our daughter and the other kids we will welcome. It's something so familiar and inviting, I know Katniss finally feels at peace at celebrating Christmas with her new family. The next year we repeat our motion but with Ivy nearly one, we decorate the living room instead and I find some fairy lights to string around her nursery. I come home from work each afternoon with Ivy and Katniss laying on the couch watching the lights. After bedtime, we read to Ivy in the living room, the lights giving off the calming, relaxing vibe and Ivy doesn't fight her sleep. She falls asleep under the Christmas lights. On the year Ivy turns 5, she jumps on our bed on the first of December. "Is it time to put up the Christmas lights yet?" She asks me. Katniss groans and rolls over, after having a bad night with our 8 week old daughter. "It is." I tell her. "Are you going to help me?" "Yes but not Paddy. He's too young to help. He'll tangle to lights." She says referring to her two year old brother. "Also Stella is too young also. I'm the only one capable of the task at hand." "Well, if you're a good girl at preschool we'll put the lights up this afternoon. Deal?" "Deal." When I walk through the door a little after four, Katniss is doing her best to soothe Stella and entertain Patrick at the same time while Ivy sits colouring in. I take Stella from her, kissing her softly on the lips. "Was she good today?" I ask Katniss as she picks up Patrick. "Her teacher said she was excellent." She replies with a small smile. "These two on the other hand though, it would have been nice to have Ivy home to help me." "Rough day?" "You could say that." She says with a sad smile. "Well I have something that will cheer you up." I remind her. "I'll keep them entertained if you want an hour to yourself?" "Will you be right?" "I'll put Stell in her swing and recruit Ivy and Paddy to help me out. Go lie down. I'll call you if I need you." She's disappeared upstairs and with Stella in her swing and the box of Christmas lights ready, Ivy and Paddy are recruited in helping me hooking the lights to the hooks I had put up last year. On Christmas Eve, after a drive around town, checking out the other houses Christmas displays is when we come home. Our three babies dressed up in Christmas pyjamas ready for bed. We know Ivy will fight to remain awake as long as she can in hopes of seeing Santa but we have a trick up our sleeve. It's when we sit on the couch, cuddling together as a family of five before bedtime is when our kids fall asleep to the soothing sight of the changing lights. Stella is sound asleep against Katniss' chest and we know we should move the kids to bed but it's these moments we cherish, being wrapped up on the couch under blankets, in front of the fire and under the thousands of Christmas lights with our snoozing children when we know life is perfect. Katniss who has had her doubts about Christmas, embraces the season with open arms. Like embracing her children running towards her full of joy and happiness and love and warmth. It's the time of year she glows and I see her smile the biggest during the month of December. I see her smile even wider on Christmas morning when our children see the gifts left under the tree and she knows it's the most magical time of year. I see her light up, as bright as the stars in the sky and she shines, making my world bright, shiny and wonderful. I love her more every day when I know how much she loves her new family and knows that no matter the loves that left her before, she's found the people to fill the gaps and know life can be spectacular. Even if it's a few Christmas lights, cheese buns, hot chocolate and your loves. It's enough to convince you that despite the loss and the doubts, you can recreate a holiday and fall in love all over again. "It doesn't get any better than this." I whisper to Katniss. "Under the Christmas lights, my favourite place. It's safe. It's warm. It's here where I love you." Katniss never gave up on the idea of Christmas, it just got buried deep in her soul waiting for the moment someone came around, made her believe again and dug the feeling back up and since then, she's never lost the will to celebrate Christmas when it's so true in her heart now. It's engraved in her soul, never to be lost again. Especially when she has so much to be thankful for and three little souls who make every day Christmas. They make her warm, loved and joyful. Just like her parents made her feel years before. A few simple lights and she's come back fighting stronger than ever before. A few Christmas lights, a recreation of a childhood tradition and my Katniss has fallen in love again with that feeling, a love she'll never let go.