She didn't even know that they put her down. Another kick comes to her stomach and she steps closer to the bed where the person lays down, pulling her IV drip with her. Their waking from the anaesthesia administered for the surgery to extract the bullet from their leg, to remove bullet fragments, glass and other foreign objects. They look peaceful despite the hours of terror. Like a small child. Unharmed from the world. The person stirs awake and their eyes search the room, adjusting to the light and finding her. A smile comes to their face, their eyes shining. "I thought you'd want to see me when you woke." She tells them, smiling slightly. "You're right about that." They speak softly. "Is this real?" She nods and steps forward taking the persons hand into hers and smiling at them. "Real. The nightmare has ended." "For now." She takes the hand and places it on her stomach. "Can you feel that?" The smile grows wider, eyes filled with amazement. "Wow." She nods and stares into the eyes filled with joy and she knows, she's learnt that she's been given a second chance. They've been given a second chance and she doesn't want to waste it. She leans her lips down, touching his lips until she feels dizzy with gratefulness and love. "I love you so much Peeta. I've loved you forever and I'm not wasting a moment without you. I need you. We need you." She says touching her stomach with his hand. "I just wish I realised sooner." "My love don't dwell, you have me now. I'm not going anywhere." He starts. "And if this has taught me anything, I realised how much I needed you in my life. We got through that." He says smiling. "I know this isn't very traditional or very much planned. I'm probably still high on morphine but Katniss, I love you and I want you to be my wife. I want to marry you, the minute we leave here, I want to marry you, bind my life to yours and be by your side. I want to be more than just your friend, I want to be your husband." She smiles at him and kisses his lips. "I know you might still be high but yes. I want to become your wife. I don't want to waste a minute without you. I want us to be a family before this one comes." "You've got one thing wrong." "What's that?" "We've always been a family." … 20 th of April, 2:14am He is a father. He's world just became brighter and bigger. His family just expanded for this little one who took her breaths the same time their biggest nightmare ended. Her journey into the world lasting almost those same 18 hours they were inside that terror. He still walks with a limp, his scars are healing. She still has nightmares and moments of fear. He still can't believe he escaped unscathed. But the months after were hard. But they got their lives back on track. Their child grew and they become thankful for their lives. They now sport silver bands on their left ring fingers. They sought for normalcy and painted the nursery together. They bought baby things and prepared for their impending parenthood. They prepared for their world to become whole again. He watched her belly swell big enough so she can't see her toes and he ties her shoes for her of a morning. Just like she wanted to happen. He kissed her every chance he got and reminded her how much he loves her. The bakery remained closed and will until he's ready. He still doesn't know if he can bare to return to what was once his pride and joy. But the group of survivors became their friends despite the loss of two of them. They all still struggle everyday just like Katniss and he. They moved on together and have truly began living their lives after the nation stood still and waited and then came together to mourn and built the sea of flowers as a tribute. Prim described them as black flies. A song she had seemed to listen to on the train when she found out about the siege. A song she sung repeatedly while she stayed with them. Black flies on the windowsill That we are That we are That we are to hold Comfort came against my will And every story must grow old That same song him and Katniss listened to and sung to as they moved on with their lives. They counted down the days until the baby arrived and kept their minds off of the torture they endured. But he can't help but think of the two others, not so lucky and he feels guilty that they died instead of him. It was his bakery, his ship. He was going down with his ship, he'd stay there until the very end. He still has dreams, sees the eyes of the woman shot instead of him. Her groan of disappear still haunts him. But Rosie, their baby grips his hand and holds on with all she's got. She rests in her mother's arms, adapting to this new life, gripping his finger because at this stage this is all she knows. Her mother and her father and she begs for the unconditional love they will give her. They'll adapt together, that's what she told him. Every day that passed they'll adapt, they grow and they'll recover. Now from this day on, they adapt to their little Rosie. He meets Katniss' eyes, smiles at her. And he knows, she'll heal them, she'll make them stronger and braver. She'll be there on bad moments and after nightmares and moments. She'll be a good moment. Katniss meets his lips and pulls away smiling down at their little girl. Their little girl who they almost never meant. "She'll forever be a good moment in a bad day."