money to spent. They no longer had to work, to go to school. For the rest of my life, I would be paraded around once a year. I would watch children be brought to the slaughter, knowing that they had very little chance of winning. Twelve never won. I would have to find a way to live with watching kids die, knowing it was my fault. It was easy to see why Haymitch had turned to alcohol for comfort. But at least I would have Katniss. It didn't take long for the team to get me back to 'show ready'. My hair is trimmed and styled, glossed back to something stylish and modern. I don't like it, but at least I look healthy again. My face is still thin, but there is color back in it. Even my nails have been cleaned, to the point where I'm sure there is a clear coat of something on them. I know it must take Katniss twice as long to get ready. I'm anxious to be done, to be with her again. I hate the separation, not knowing that she is really alright. The need is raw in my gut, stronger than any feelings I might have about my leg. I can deal with that later. Focusing on that isn't going to make it better. My leg won't magically grow back. But I can manage with her at my side. And that is enough to get me through what feels like agonizing pain. Every other step might make me cringe, but it will be alright. Portia finally comes back into the room, a pair of heavy black boots in her hand with a garment bag. I'm wrapped in a thick robe, watching as she carefully sets the bag down on the bed. I want to watch her open the bag, to see what she's got us in this time. But I focus on putting on my leg instead. I can feel her eyes on me, knowing that my stylist must be feeling pity towards me. I don't want it, and I have no desire to see it. Once it is in place, I finally stand, bending down to test how well it works. I don't have much strength, not enough to try and squat down. But it will do, for now. Portia pulls me into a hug, animated as she pulls out a shirt the color of diluted honey. I'm not sure about the color at first, but with the choices of our prior outfits, this only makes sense. It is softer then candlelight. And when I inspect the fabric closer, it's easy to see the gentle shine woven into the strands. We have been set ablaze and now, Portia beams, we shall glow with victory. It's thoughtful, but I can't say that I honestly care at this point. All I want is to take Katniss home, to settle into my life again in Twelve. And to come to terms with everything. Portia has thought of everything. My left shoe is weighed down, which will help remind my leg to take the right stride. I won't topple over onto the stage, and with a slight shift of my body weight, the shoes will act as a counter balance to keep me upright. They are designs so that my new found disability isn't obvious. I can only guess that this is something the Capitol has required. They wouldn't want their newest Victor to appear weak. There was an underwhelming aspect to the outfit that I could appreciate. It wasn't too bold, it wasn't fire— it was me. This was something I might wear, that I would pick out for myself. My skin has developed a rich tan from the Arena, only creating greater contrast with the soft yellow of the shirt. I close my eyes, picturing Katniss in something similar, surprised that I'm expecting her to look the way I saw her in the Games. The moment has been replaying in my mind since it happened. Caked in mud and close to death, her appearance seemed celestial. Sunlight streaming from behind her, her face beaming in success from finding me. She was a nymph, coming to take me away. I don't want to wait any longer. I'm dressed and led towards the familiar stage. This time, I don't feel like a lamb being taken to the slaughter. There is no big reveal for the cameras, nothing to make sure I get right. There will be an interview tomorrow—tonight is just the recap. Still, I'm desperate to see Katniss, my right foot tapping against the floor with impatience. I'm tempted to push down the flimsy, makeshift wall they've built to keep us from seeing each other. The need courses through my veins. After everything we've been through, I'm almost willing to do what I want and say to hell with the consequences. But as I'm about to strike, Haymitch appears. I'm able to relax at the sight of him. His hug feels odd, since the man has never done anything like that before. He claps my back as he steps away, "She's a knockout, kid. Enjoy this." I want to say more to him, but he's gone just as quickly as he came. Someone pulls to me to the side of the stage, and the sound of the Anthem of Panem is deafening. For a brief moment, my mind is thrown back into the Arena. My pulse quickens, and I can hear it in my ears almost as loudly as I can the anthem. My head tips towards the sky, wondering if I will see the images of those who were lost. For a moment, I'm sure I can hear the triumphant laughter of Cato. But it fades into the roar of the crowd. My heart is racing, but I'm not able to pin down the cause. Someone puts a hand on my shoulder, gently pushing my out into the blinding lights of the stage.