will ever unravel. "Peeta Mellark!" As though drawn by a magnet my eyes hone in on him making his way through the crowd. He is blonde and stocky, a little taller than myself. He has serious blue eyes that right now look as terrified as I feel, or would if I allowed myself. He moves with careful, deliberate steps that are carrying him towards the stage. He once saved my life with a loaf of bread. Why did it have to be him? Until he reaches the steps his eyes remain downcast, but when he begins to climb they flit upwards to my face as they do so often in the hallways at school or across the counter when I barter with his father in the bakery. I pull my gaze away, trying to break the sense of connection I feel to Peeta Mellark. We're entering the Hunger Games; I can't afford a connection to anything anymore. Effie makes us shake hands and I notice despite myself that for all he seems afraid there is no tremble in his, not even a sweaty palm. She then sweeps us from the stage before the last strains of the national anthem have even finished and before I know it I am alone in a small, but luxurious room of the Justice Building. All of the furnishings seem to be made of the richest velvet. I know this because my mother has a dress which she wears on special occasions and the collar is made of the stuff. It is my father's favourite and I'm not sure if that is why, but the feel of the material is comforting as I sit there anxiously. I am not alone for long. Prim comes first, flying into the room and clambering onto my lap as she did when she was small, or smaller. My mother and father sit on either side of us and for a long moment no one says anything. Then, slowly, we begin to speak. It is difficult though. What can you say? I try though. I tell them about my pact with Gale to help provide for them. Father's lips purse up at this, he found it difficult enough when I became the one to feed the family, but he doesn't make comment for which I am grateful. I tell them I love them and that I will try to do my best, that they can always rely on Prim's goat for income if things get bad and mother's job doesn't cover costs. I also make Prim promise never to apply for any tesserae. Father wouldn't let her of course, the only reason I managed was that I did it without telling him first. Still I feel better for saying it. Then it's Prim's turn, she tries to convince me that I have a chance and makes me promise that I will try to win. I agree for her sake, but as I meet my parents' eyes over the top of her head I can see they hold a fear that it won't be true. Then it's my father's turn and that is when I really have to try not to cry. "Remember everything I taught you Katniss. You're a good hunter and you can handle a bow. More importantly, you're quick and you've got a good head on those shoulders. Use that to your advantage. There will be plenty of tributes who have trained with weapons every day since they were tall enough to carry them, but you can outthink them." Then comes the clincher. The one that really does have me blinking back the tears. "Trust your instincts, they're good ones. And remember, that whatever happens, we love you and we'll be proud of you." And then the Peacemakers are back and we're all hugging and my mother and prim are crying. The last thing I'm aware of is my father's gentle fingers on my cheek and then they are gone. I am almost composed again when Madge Undersee comes in to visit. For some reason I find this unexpected, even though she is my friend, the only one I have other than Gale. Even more unexpected however is her gift to me of a mockingjay brooch. She is quite insistent that I wear it in the arena and I agree. Mostly because I think she is about to cry. We hug and she kisses my cheek and then she is gone and my last visitor slips in through the door. Gale. Neither of us says a word. He just holds out his arms and unhesitating I walk into them, resting my head above his heart. There is nothing romantic between us. I think my mother would be pleased if there was, but Gale will always only be my friend however special our bond is. As fast as he can he starts telling me how to stay alive in the arena. To get a knife. Make a bow, even a badly made one. "I don't even know if there'll be wood," I murmur into his chest. "There's almost always some wood." His voice is practical. "Since that year half of them died of cold. Not much entertainment in that." He tries to convince me that it will be exactly like our weekly hunting sessions. I'm not sure whether or not I find that comforting. Then the Peacekeepers return, dragging him away whilst I try to cling to his hand. "Don't let them starve!" I yell. "I won't! You know I won't! Katniss, remember I -" The door is about to close on him and Gale pushes back against the white uniforms trying to restrain him. "I love you!" The door slams and I am left alone with his revelation. xxx A/N: So there. What do you think, is it worth continuing? It wasn't really the direction I had intended the chapter going in, but as I was writing I found that Gale had other ideas. He's headstrong like that.