the world if he does that. Believe me, he doesn't get to do that to you and Lila." Katniss reaches her car and Effie stands beside her as she straps Lila into her car seat. Effie kisses Lila on the head and shuts the door before she embraces Katniss. "Call me the minute you speak to him, OK?" "OK." Effie looks at Katniss, holding her face between her hands. "It will be Ok. I know it feels like the hardest thing in the world but you'll get through it my dear. You have that strong heart and a brave soul." She tells her as she kisses her forehead. "I'll see you later dear." "Bye Effie." She says climbing into the car. "Thank you." She nods with a smile as she shuts the car door and starts the car and driving off to the grocery store with Lila starting to grizzle in the backseat. "Hang on baby, we're almost there." She pulls into the parking lot and changes Lila's diaper and places her in the carrier to settle her down. She walks the aisles, placing things inside the shopping cart. Her mind wanders as she walks, barely paying attention to the people around. She kisses the top of her daughter's head every once in awhile and blocks out the other shoppers while she thinks about what she is going to say to him. As she turns around the corner she recognises him as he reads the label of the box of cereal. She's quick to back around the corner and hide. Her knees to turn to jelly and her heart begins racing. She can't do this. She's not ready just yet. The shopping list is abandoned and she pays for the few items in the cart. She needed to get out of there before she ran into someone else. She realises she forgot the diapers when she reaches the car. And she contemplates whether she could duck back inside without him spotting her. She packs the items into the car and races back inside getting a pack of diapers and wipes and leaving quickly, not looking back. Lila is strapped back into the car seat and Katniss is pulling out from the parking lot headed home with her mind and heart racing. She needed to speak to Peeta before someone let slip she was home. She pulls into the driveway and shuts the engine off. Lila was sound asleep and Katniss didn't want to move her just yet. She sat staring at the grey garage door. Her phone buzzes in the diaper bag and she fishes inside for it, finding the letter from Peeta in there. She reads the text from Haymitch. The boy thinks your home. He just asked me. I lied to him telling him I didn't know. It's up to you sweetheart. She locks the screen and tears open the letter. Why'd you leave me? I'm so sorry for the things I said and the way I've acted since his death. It was unexpected. There were no warning signs. I felt as if I was to blame. If you want someone to blame please let it be me. At least then you'd speak to me. Please, I know I fucked up big time. We all make mistakes but am I that heartless and uncaring? I love you, don't you understand that? I won't lie, leaving me was a pretty fucked up thing to do. You're just a runner. You run from your problems. You ran from me when I became the problem, instead of trying to fix me. I thought we had something Katniss. We're that couple. We promised to be there for each other through the highs and lows but once things got scary you were gone. We got each other through everything before. I stood beside you when you were grieving for your sister. I never turned my back or walked out on you. Then when our son dies and then my father dies you can't stick around to help me through the lows. You just picked up your things and left me. What happened to that night we shared? The night filled with passion? That last night together where we come undone. I thought things were looking up then, obviously they weren't. I woke the next morning and you were gone. Leaving nothing but a note. Well here's a letter to you. Don't ever think about coming back. I don't think I could handle you being in my life again, especially if you're only there to cause me pain. I'm feeling pained now and only one thing will fix it. Thanks for driving me to it. Yours sincerely, Your husband or whatever I am to you. Katniss' heart aches as she reads the letter. Her stomach churning. She knows that wasn't him really talking. It was the drugs and the alcohol and the grief. She's glad Haymitch never sent her this because she thinks it would have made up her choice on whether she'd come back. But that night of passion they shared, that night they reconnected after months apart resulted in Lila and she left him the next morning, running from the fact that he was using. She couldn't handle his addiction anymore. She needed a chance to clear her head and think things through. She hadn't had a moment to think since the death of their precious son. Now that she had had 15 months to think, she had a lot to say to him. The way he chose to grieve was his choice. He chose addiction, she chose a new city filled with strangers. People who didn't know her story. People reacted differently and she didn't want to go down that path of using to get from sunup to sundown. She takes out her phone, scrolling down to his name in her contacts and presses dial and waits, holding her breath. After four rings the line connects. " Katniss, is that you?"