and hollow eyes, thick but pierced clothes and pale skin. She helped him gather a few of the buttons that had fallen off another gown he was delivering. "Is it going to be okay without, Mr Tailor?" She asked him. She had no Capitol accent; she must me a runaway or a migrant from one of the districts. Cinna unzipped the dress bag and evaluated an apple green gown with golden thread stitched through the sleeves and bust. "I can sew the buttons back on easily," he said. "The embroidery hasn't been damaged." The girl looked at the dress, enthralled by it. "It's beautiful," she said. Maybe it was the lack of the Capitol accent, which he himself had dropped around Portia, or maybe it was the glitter and shine and true wonder in her previously dead eyes. But Cinna suddenly imagined the girl in the dress and realised that her auburn curls and light splash of freckles would look better in the dress than any client of his ever good. "You can have it," he said. "The client who ordered this is never going to wear it anyways, I know her style. She only bought it to keep her friend from doing so." He dug in his pocket. "I got this from another client, as an amendment for making a rush order. It's a ticket to a ceremony and ball at City Hall tonight. There will be food there. You can bring the dress back to my shop after you're done with it and I'll buy it back from you." She looked at him, mouth open. She was so shocked that Cinna had to drape the dress over her arm and slip the ticket in her pocket for her. Cinna had risen. Now was his chance to make others rise to his level. There was Katniss. Cinna was appalled when he and Portia were requested as a pair of stylists for the Hunger Games. Portia's family was a migrant clan from District 11. From there, they were receiving rebel propaganda and intel on Peacekeeper brutality and heartbreaking letters written from a woman who'd lost her two children in the 73rd Hunger Games. "How do you say no to that?" Portia asked. It was a legitimate question, she wanted an answer that would put away the horror and return them to the safe, well-built and hard-earned world of their little shop, and apple martinis in the evening and pastries for breakfast. Cinna didn't know. "I'm sure there's a way," Cinna said. "But…" But he didn't want to hear it. He wanted a way closer to the Games. His feverish curiosity on it, the curiosity of someone seeing things in a new light for the first time, needed it. "It would be a good way to assist the rebellion," Portia whispered. Cinna nodded, but he still took more convincing than she did. He accepted, but asked for 12. She wrinkled her nose and asked why. Cinna said it was because they needed it the most. Katniss didn't need much from anyone when Cinna met her. She was a scrapper, one who'd done much more of it than Cinna or Kenna or anyone he'd ever met. But Cinna gave her fire, and it gave her life to the eyes of the men about to watch her die. He tried. He tried to do what he always did but his optimism was shaded by the knowledge that the dying are only supposed to go under. Still, she rose. Cinna stitched another pearl in the seam. "You're making yourself sick," Portia said as she padded around the flat barefoot in her satin kimono. "We had a deal. We don't bring our work home…" Cinna ignored her and kept stitching. As if she didn't have Peeta's suits hanging in her closet amongst evening gowns and cocktail dresses and daredevil heels, hidden from his eyes but truffled with pins. She put her hand on his back. "Cinna," she said. "I'm furious," he said looking at the ocean of rolling white gauze and dégradé tulle stretching off the table and before him. "I know," she said squeezing his shoulder. "They're making her wear her dress to destroy her," Cinna said. "I know," Portia said. "That's not what I do." Cinna said. "I build people up, I make them realise they're beautiful, I give them power and strength. I make them feel confident and hopeful in the world. I let them be themselves among the rules and trends, I make them comfortable, I make them the best that they can be- the best that they are . I pour myself into my work but this isn't me." "I know and she knows," Portia said, her grip on him tightening. "She'll know it'll all be Snow's doing." He smacked the table, furrowing the delicate balance of the dress' petticoat. "I'll give you a second," Portia said before rushing off to her room- likely to cry over Peeta's suit as he had over Katniss' wedding dress shortly before she came in. Cinna's fingers curled around the pearl-covered seam. The dress was light right now- he'd made it so, to make sure Katniss didn't feel as trapped in the gown as she was. But it meant that there was plenty of wiggle room. Maybe even for an extra layer of fabric. Maybe even for… "Portia," he called. She slipped back into the room, blinking hurriedly. "Yes Cinna?" She asked quietly. "Do you remember how I worked on Regicca Snow's wedding dress like a lunatic?" Cinna asked. "Yes," Portia said sitting on the table and stretching her toes. "But I never stopped you and you never regretted it. You always said it. A wedding dress is how you rose." Cinna nodded. "Does that make it okay if a wedding dress is how I go down?" Cinna asked. As he ran his fingers along the seam, he could already picture where the feathers would be. Next he pictured where the bullets would go.