from by then. Nobody in the car talked. We had no room to hardly breathe and everyone was on someone's lap. It was really really unfun. The next day we were all really ready to be at the Capitol so the whole dumb trip could be over already. But then: MOMMY: Oh, come on, Johanna, let him pass. If he wants to speed, let him do it up the road instead. She was talking about this guy behind us who was going like way too fast. JOHANNA: What an idiot. Thinks he's so hot. Lucky I don't ram right into him. Just begging for a crash. But she waved the guy in a red car past us and he weaved around and then disappeared around a corner. The road was pretty crowded so we didn't see him again until later when his car was in a pile with three others and on fire a little. Nobody would tell us if anyone was hurt but there were lots of police and the highway got completely closed off. So there was this huge traffic jam going back for miles and miles and nobody was moving at all. We just turned off the car and hopped out. It was pretty cold so we all dug out jackets and then we went off to have fun while the grown-ups sat around being boring. We played with two brothers from District Three who beat us all really bad at Minesweeper. Their big sister was in charge and she was plugged into her synthvid, a fancy new one, the whole time and not really looking after us. I think the idea was that she was there in case someone actually started to kill us. She was very pretty and Detlan kept trying to talk to her but she was very rude and didn't even say hello. Detlan got mad and was grumpy all day after that. We also met these people: the concert band for the ceremony running very very late and practicing on their bus, an ice-cream truck with a mean man driving who wouldn't sell anything to us on the road, a chicken truck that all the chickens had escaped from somewhere on motorway C-5, the professional fireworks-display people from Six who had a ton of tattoos, some people who live a few streets away from us at home, a man who tried to give us candy from the window of a grey van and Detlan made us stay away from, a couple who said they were bank robbers and the brothers from Three seemed to know all about, a lady walking lots of tiny dogs, a bunch of kids running away from a Children's Home in Eight who we gave our lunches to because they were out of cash, a man dressed like a banana, a balloon-seller, two fortune-tellers, a troupe of travelling preachers and part-time organists, and one chicken. I went back to the car alone to find my jump rope and ran into our "uncle" Gale. He wanted to talk. UNCLE: How's your mother? ME: Fine. UNCLE: She doesn't seem fine. ME: She was before you got here. UNCLE: Oh. ME: You should talk to her. You made her mad, I think. Or sad. Both. Can you help me find my jump rope? UNCLE: It isn't that easy. ME: Sure it is, I think it's inside Johanna's bag which is right under the seat, I just can't reach it is all. UNCLE: I mean talking to your mother. We headed over to the car and tried to pull Johanna's bag out from the pile of cases under the seats. ME: It is too easy. You're talking to me fine, right? UNCLE: It's…the situation…well, it's complicated. ME: Explain it to me. I unzipped Johanna's bag and started trying to find the jump rope. She had a lot of strange things in that bag including tap shoes and what Detlan called "plastic explosives". UNCLE: … ME: Well? UNCLE: It should wait until you're older. I found the jump rope, which is bright green, and pulled it out. I just sat there and looked at "uncle" Gale. ME: I hear that too much. UNCLE: Did you know—well, no, I guess not. No one ever showed you—no. You just look a lot like someone I knew. Your eyes. ME: Who? UNCLE: A girl. She would have liked you. ME: But who? UNCLE: I shouldn't say. Here— He looked around quickly, to make sure no one was coming. Then he pulled a picture out of his shirt pocket. It was weird that he just happened to have it right there. The picture looked very old. It was of a girl, probably younger than Detlan, holding a cat. The girl did have eyes a lot like mine but blond hair and a gap in her teeth. She looked very happy and was very pretty and the cat was very ugly. ME: Who is it? UNCLE: You can't tell anyone I showed you the picture. Especially not your mother. I just thought you should know. ME: But I still don't know! I'm so confused! I'm way more confused now than before. UNCLE: I'm sorry. Then he wouldn't say anything else. FINAL ASSIGNMENT: Summarize your topic and add any final thoughts you've had throughout this process. Try to wrap up concisely—one paragraph. Remember, a paragraph is three to seven sentences. It wasn't really a bad trip. The ceremony was alright but it took place during the season finale of The Adventures of Sheep-Boy and the orchestra didn't get there on time. Everyone got some official recognitions, like awards, and me and Rye and Detlan all got interviewed. We met the president. There was a nice dinner and we had fun at the hotel. It could have been worse. We took the train home because mommy said we would all murder each other if we had to drive back. And that was my family vacation. Reviews make me happy :)