is mussed up, her face free from the small amount of make up she applied for the dinner. The moon hits her skin and I feel myself grow hard at the sight of her. She's a goddess with or without clothes on. She's breathtaking and has this effect on me. She's the goddess of night. Owning the moon, the stars and the galaxy. "Come to bed." She slips in beside me and presses her chest against mine, running her fingers through my hair and over my face. She closes her eyes, humming for us and I close my eyes with the softness of her tune. It's relaxing and makes me sleepy. "Sing for me." I whisper. And she does. " So think about love, and you're right beside me I think about us, I know that you'll find me When my heart gets lost, I know that you'll guide me I think about all the little things that still remind me I think about all the little things that still remind me All my life You'll remind me" I kiss her softly when she finishes singing and I draw her body closer to mine. "Peeta." "Hmm?" "Would you want children in your future?" "Maybe. I hadn't really thought about it or had found the woman who I wanted to have children with." I tell her, opening my eyes to meet her silvery eyes. "What about you?" "Maybe." She replies. "You're good with Billy." "I love that kid." "I can see how much you do." I tell her. "He's lucky to have you." She smiles softly and kisses me quickly. "Happy Valentine's Day Peeta." … "Such a cliché. Everyone is going to know the baby was conceived over Valentine's Day weekend." I tell her. "I think it's kind of romantic." She replies. "It could have just been a coincidence as well." "Yes, accidental sex on Valentine's Day weekend." She laughs. "You're not making it sound any better." "Sorry." I apologise and kiss her lips. We hear footsteps sound down the hallway and we look up at Rye who stands in the hospital issued scrubs. He has a wide smile on his face. "We have a girl." He announces with a beaming smile. I pick my brother up off of the ground to congratulate him and set him back down before hugging him. Katniss embraces him, congratulating him on his new daughter. "Would you like to come and meet her?" Rye asks us. I look at Katniss and she nods with a beaming smile. "Come on then. They've just got Jill back in her room." We're lead through the floor and to Jill's room. I feel my heart beat faster and butterflies fill my stomach. I was meeting my niece. My niece only. One day she'll know I'm her father but for now, it was my niece. My brother had started his family. "If you want a minute alone, I can give you it." Katniss tells me. I ponder this, ponder the time alone to meet my biological daughter but Katniss was a part of this. She was there that night, helping to create my brother's family. "No. I want to meet her the same time as you." I grasp her hand and step into the room. Jill sits up in bed looking into the bassinet beside her bed. "Congratulations." Katniss says to Jill hugging her and kissing her. "We don't have your present just yet." "That's fine. I'm glad you guys could both be here." I congratulate Jill and grip Katniss' hand as I hear the baby stir. "Come and meet her." Rye invites us. "She's kind of awesome." We step around the bed and to the bassinet where the newborn lies. She fights her swaddling and fights to keep her eyes closed. I gasp at the sight of her and feel my heart flutter at the sight of her. Katniss smiles at the baby and squeezes my hand tighter. "She's so beautiful." She says. I manage to nod. "Hold her." Rye tells me. I place my hands under her neck and bottom and lift the baby out of the bassinet and into my arms. She's tiny. So tiny and beautiful. And so much like her mother. "Hi baby." I greet her quietly. "Welcome to the world little one." "She got a name yet?" Katniss asks. "Isabelle Grace." "Hi Isabelle." Katniss says to the newborn, running her fingers over the baby's cheeks and hands. "We're so glad you're here." But I don't feel anything. Don't feel as if this is my daughter. This is Rye's daughter. She's just someone I helped bring into the world but I definitely don't have a claim on her. I know one day she'll ask questions about her true parentage and we'll answer them, giving her the truth but I'm happy to right now just be her uncle and her uncle only. I shift the baby into Katniss' arms and watch as Katniss tenderly embraces Isabelle. She has love in her eyes and that same smile she had when she held her niece Amy a few months ago. That smile that came with imagining her own family. There'd been plenty of talks of babies and children. Of our future. She had unofficially moved in with me and wasn't afraid to talk about our future together. She hadn't been since we both told each other 'I love you' a couple of weeks after Valentine's Day. She was the woman I wanted to create my family with. In bed that night I turn and ask her as the moonlight filters into the room, making her skin look rich under the silvery light. "Do you want to try for a baby?" And her smile is the most beautiful smile I've ever seen. And exactly 9 months later we stare down at our own daughter as the moonlight streams into our hospital room and bathes us with the same silvery light I had fallen in love with 18 months ago.