future drawn in Cinna's sketchbooks -of wedding gowns and bridesmaids dresses- told the tale. While he touched up the curls of her hair, he let Katniss flip through the pages of her sketchbook. Every now and then she recognised a sketch that they'd posed as one of the dresses that her "talent" had brought her to design on that phony Capitol report, and she smiled but didn't say anything in case the room was bugged. "This isn't one of mine. Who's getting married?" Katniss asked when she looked at one of the white gowns. To be honest, it was a ball gown that Cinna had drawn with Portia's image glowing in his mind. The bodice was snug and striped with diagonal lines of silver beads imprinted into the corset and then down the skirt, as if the bride was the center of a spiral. The train was generous and imposing, the beadwork was simple but fascinating. Katniss flipped to the next one; a gown with intricate folds in the taffeta bodice, and touches of lace on the mermaid skirt. This one showed off the figure that Portia was so proud of, and a meticulously haphazard shawl would hide the scar on her shoulder that she was always did her best to hide. After that came a dress with long white sleeves and a tight fit like a sheath to a sword. Peepholes and slits were strategically placed over the shoulders and ribs and around the wrists to give the gown a quaint, unique look. Romantic chiffon, bold ribbons racing all over the dress, lace skirts, sheer sleeves, intricate backs… try as he might, Cinna hadn't been able to design a dress for Portia that he liked. Actually no- it was the other way around. He'd drawn and drawn and drawn and there wasn't a single dress that he didn't like. Mostly because he visualised Portia in all of them. "Nobody," Cinna said. "Portia and I were wondering if we should add a bridal shop section to our store. Traditional marriages are coming back into fashion since yours was announced, you know." Katniss nodded and looked at the ground. The truth was that the dress was for a happier bride. Portia had been told to disappear. She had. Not only had Haymitch taken the courtesy of running down to tell her even though he should be monitoring the bloodbath at the Cornucopia, but Cinna himself had been acting awfully cryptic since the incident with the Mockingjay wedding dress. He'd kissed her and held her face between his hands, lightly as if she was a glass object and tight as he could without hurting her. "I didn't want to modify the dress without you," Cinna said. "I know we have an agreement. Still, some things aren't worth hurting you for. And I don't want you to get hurt. I want you to run away from anything that could ever hurt you if you get a sign." She'd associated this intense worry with overflowing concern for Katniss and Peeta, but now she had a daunting suspicion that there was more. Anyways, she'd rung up a few friends whose ill-timed laser eye colouring surgery left them unable to look at screens, ergo unable to watch the Quarter Quell. They were going to rend a villa on the outskirts of the Capitol for the time being. Since they were bitter about their inability to watch such important Games ("what will we tell our grandchildren for them to forgive us!") and excited since Portia hadn't selected any brides maids yet ("it's a very important decision dear and a very big honour"), they'd accepted this spontaneous vacation. Portia had laughed and said that after all the time and energy they'd put into the flaming costumes and morphing dresses, she needed a break from the games. The plan was for her to pack a bag, empty her bank account and run. Haymitch had promised to find her and pick her up when and where he could if she stayed put at the villa he'd picked out for her, which belonged to Plutarch Heavensbee for whatever godforsaken reason. But on her way out of their flat, it dawned on Portia that this was the last time she'd be seeing this flat one way or another- and certainly everything in it. Of course, there were some knickknacks too big and too unworthy to bring, but there were pieces of Cinna… well, Portia had been told that she'd never have him back but pieces of him… She cursed herself and grabbed another bag and crammed in portfolios, sketchbooks, notebooks, computer chips on which his digital designs would be saved. She had to bring these since the fact that she couldn't bring him… well, it was dawning on her. In her haste she dropped one. Swearing and puffing and slowly stifling a cry (she must've been in the room right next to him with Peeta, right next to him) she picked it up until she noticed what it was filled with. Wedding dresses. One after the other. There were fun and flowy dresses, traditional gowns, ball gowns that must weigh a ton and flirty shorter dresses. Every manner of beading and embroidery and decoration had been exploited and Portia had never, ever seen Cinna on such a good run of designs. The last one in the book had been scratched out in thick black ink- scratched out! Cinna had penned a little note: I don't care what she wears. She'll be beautiful and we'll be each other's. I may as well let Haymitch pick. Portia's resistance and all the composure she'd mustered to walk herself from the arena to their flat –Cinna having the keys on him- melted like snow in the rain and she didn't get back up with the book, but she too melted onto the floor in a puddle of embarrassing but deeply necessary sobs. It was because of that last note that she ended up being too late.