from the lacy black cup. His mouth moved over the newly exposed breasts, his hands squeezing and touching them. Katniss hiding her moans in the skin of his neck. He sucked and bit her skin, bringing on another round of mewls and moans. She found the skin of his neck, finding his pulse point and sucking on that as his hands slipped inside of her jeans, tracing the material of her panties. Her attack on his neck became more frantic as he slipped his hand inside of her panties. Fingers seeking for the heat of her core. Her kisses became bruising on his mouth, moans being caught inside of his mouth the more pleasure she felt from his fingers. "Please." She exhaled, pulling her lips away to stare into his eyes. He nodded and her jeans and panties were discarded, his pants and boxers down around his ankles. They positioned the blanket over their laps and she sank down onto him. Moans of pleasure shared in their kisses of silencing each other. In the darkness of the cabin they managed to couple. To find a rhythm of pleasure despite the internal emotions building up, knowing this would be it. This would be their first and only time together. They were two strangers with different agendas, from different continents. Even if the spark was there, this would be it. They remain connected when they finished. Both breathless. He kissed his way along her collarbone as she came down from her high. They held each other and grieved for what they had formed shedding tears after the beautiful coupling. Something he knew he'd cherish forever. The sky began to turn orange as we neared the aiport. Our time together slowly ending. We would land and fade into different countries. The world swallowing us whole. How would we find each other again? When would we find each other? They cried into each other's mouths as they shared kisses. He held her as the lights come on and breakfast was served. He could see the worried look on her face through the redness of her cheeks. He too knew how red his face would be from all the crying. They were too upset to eat. Their stomachs in knots. Tears still managing to fall down their cheeks. "I can't do it. I'm not going." He says. "No you can't. You have a life. You can't abandon it for me." "Katniss, there's nowhere I'd rather be than with you. Screw college, screw travelling Europe. I want you and nothing else. There'll always be college and art but there's only one chance to be with you. And that's what I want, I want you." He tells her. "I'm coming with you." And he'll never forget the look on her face. Her face was one of the most beautiful things he's ever seen in his life. A face he'll remember when bad news eats away at the world. When he is having a bad day. A face he'll remember for time to come or one he'll replicate in his drawings. She kissed him hard, ecstatic giggles escaping her mouth as tears still fell down her cheeks. They went from perfect strangers to runaway lovers in the span of eight hours. Once the plane landed, he stood grabbing their luggage out of the overhead compartment. He made eye contact with the man who sat behind them and the men smiled at him. A hopeful and relieved smile. Peeta smiled back at him and let Katniss pass in front of him. They stood at baggage claim together, an arm around each other's hips and our luggage trailing behind us. It could all fall apart in a matter of hours but he knew in that moment he wanted nothing more than to spend time with Katniss. … He left the plane, behind a couple, two strangers who fell in love in the space of seven hours. Two strangers who fumbled with blankets and made their love official. Who sobbed during breakfast and told each other of their lives, their hardships. It reminded him of years ago, when he was just a twenty year old college student, meeting Katniss who too had been through the wringer. Had experienced pain and opened up to him. He wondered what would become of these two strangers who abandoned their plans and previous lives to be together. He wonders if something that wild, that reckless could work. He wonders if they'll make it. If they'll marry in a few years, move to Prague or London and live in a 200-year-old apartment and be expecting a baby. He'll wonder if the fire they built, the fire that has messed up their old lives will be cleaned up in time and they will still kiss like they did on that plane. He wonders if it will be perfect for them. And once he recalls his life, meeting Katniss on that flight, he knows that there's a chance it will happen. "Peeta!" He hears someone call out. He whips around and sees her standing there. Her long raven hair braided, the braid occupying my daughter's hand. He walks fast towards her, enveloping her in his arms, finding her lips just like five years before. He kisses his daughter's head and she smiles at him, showing off her two new teeth. He turns around in time to see the couple navigating their way through the airport with their hands wrapped around each other's hips and he smiles to himself. Katniss catches his gaze and moves into his side, his arm wrapping around his two girls. And in that moment Peeta knows, it's entirely possible for it to work. It's entirely possible for them to have a happy ending because he got his happy ending and the rest of his life in an eight hour plane ride. It was sometimes worth gambling your plans to follow the girl you fell in love with on a red-eye flight across the Atlantic.