been shot at. She failed to realize that President Snow had almost certainly ordered the men to capture her alive. Many days of unimaginable torture would pass before the end of Livia's life, if Snow was to have his way. "Stop right there!" The leading Peacekeeper's voice was filled with an unusual vigor that only served to terrify Livia more and spur her on. She ran to the nearest branch of the hallway and turned, hoping to avoid the bullets that would never come. Pausing for an instant to strip off the encumbering gown, Livia ripped out of its multiple layers as quickly as she could and tossed it to the shiny pink floor in a heap, then deftly unfastened the hoop skirt underneath, continuing her mad sprint in nothing but a bright white corset and skin-tight leggings. There was a window at the end of the hallway, facing in the opposite direction of the one in her living room. Instead of giving a view of the Capitol skyline, it showed but a few patches of wealthy suburbs and the empty mountains beyond. What Livia wouldn't give to be spirited away right this moment, off to those barren lands that she had hated for her entire life save now, now that it was her only possible refuge from the horrors she had brought upon herself. She reached the window, stretching out her arms to slide her palms down the smooth, single pane surface. Momentarily she turned her head to find the Peacekeepers hot on her trail, charging down the hallway. Their guns stayed strapped to their armor; only their batons were at the ready. Livia was not about to be hit by one of those. Wild with panic, she balled up her hand into a tight fist and pounded at the window, cracking it deeply but badly bruising her knuckles in the process. She gasped in pain, recoiled and then, relentlessly, struck at the window again, using the opposite hand. It shattered and large glass slices plummeted from the frame to the street below. Kicking, then brushing away the final shards at the bottom of the frame, she scrambled onto the windowsill like a monkey and perched there, not brave enough to jump forward, nor brave enough to step away. Below, a giant screen, no doubt purchased from her company, flashed brightly from the top of the furniture store across the street. On it was none other than the golden face of District Four's very own Finnick Odair. He was laughing, laughing heartily at a comment that had just been made by some woman off-screen. His bright eyes gleamed like blue-green stars, only duller than the sun itself, due solely to the visual limits of the camera that displayed his image. Only a free man could have eyes so bright. He had escaped. Now Livia wanted escape, too. She thought she wanted it just as badly as he had. Filled with fresh motivation, the woman lunged from the window, equally prepared to either fall to her death or, somehow, get to safety. The top of the screen, she realized, was at the perfect height and distance from the window, where, if she had the strength, she might barely manage to grasp onto it and save herself. Her hands stretched out before her as if she was diving, her fingers silhouetted against the image of the only man she'd dared to trust. If she fell, would the Victor's smiling face be the last thing she would ever set eyes upon? Sadly, no. It was destined to be the scowling face of President Snow. Gloved hands raked through her long, thick hair and suddenly tightened, suspending Livia helplessly in the air. Shocked, she looked to the street below, packed with cars and chaos, and then the screen above. He was still smiling. "NO-O!" He smiled as, zombie-like, she thrashed against the ever growing number of Peacekeeper hands hauling her back up to a terrifying reality. He smiled as her hands flailed in front of her, clutching at the air that separated her from the beautiful, joyous face, from the happiness she never had and never would. He smiled as her screams became wordless and violently shrill, tearing at her vocal chords with each harsh vowel punctuated by sheer volume. Still he smiled as they soon turned to hoarse but equally loud sobs as first Livia's jaw, then her shoulders and finally her arms were seized and she was dragged, both kicking and screaming, from not only a near certain death, but the last happy face she would ever see, the last reminder of the pure, guilt-free life she wanted so badly to rip away and make her own. Now, at last, Livia truly knew that was stealing such things was impossible. She had tried so hard to steal away the happiness of her sister and her daughter, and miserably, she had failed. She had tried, also, to buy the Victor's love in an attempt to make herself happy, but now that she looked upon that sweet smile and those sharp eyes, she knew she had failed, also, to take anything from him. And now she was paying for both failed attempts at once. "Finnick! Finnick! You swore you'd never tell! You swore!" She screamed into the empty air. Just before she was completely hauled through the window, she managed to make out a final glimpse of Finnick's face. He sighed, his smile finally fading away, not to a frown, but a serene, contented expression that not she, nor anyone around her, would ever be able to genuinely reproduce. With a slight toss of his head, he turned his eyes straight to the camera's lens, focusing there with a rare intensity. There was a moment of silence. Then, he finally said, "Cut." The screen went black and so did Livia's vision as she was thrown to the floor and beaten over the head with a baton. Never to see that happy face again.