much enthusiasm. The applause for Mags was a little weaker than they'd been for the rest of the tributes up until now. Nobody was much energised by the little old woman who had –purposely, Finnick could tell- only replied " What? Talk louder sonny!" to any of Caesar's questions (God bless Mag). Finnick felt defensive and clapped from backstage. His mentor turned towards him and fixed up his collar at the last second. He was wearing a suit, his designer said that he may as well look crisp and classic. However his District was very present. The cuffs and buttons were shaped like sand dollars. The back of his jacket was made entirely of the same netting he'd worn at the parade, showing off the muscles on his back. His ankles were showing, designed like most pants in District Four, and a cut he'd gotten from a hook as a toddler stuck out. The applause spiked, the screaming started and Finnick realised that they must have announced his name. His mentor shoved him, and he jogged onstage smiling and raising a hand. He could nearly hear her: If you're going to smile like that, all fake-like and such, you may as well not smile at all, Finn. He hoped that she'd forgive him. He'd make sure to smile like she liked (like the cameras hated) once before leaving the arena at least. Maybe even raise his pinkie- the sign they'd developed for her to tell him that she was breaking down and needed an out before she collapsed after her games, during social events and such. Whatever, he shook Caesar's hand before ripping his away and opening his arms for a hug. Caesar shrugged, made a face to the scandalised and thrilled audience, and then hugged him. Caesar calmed the audience down seconds after they'd sat down. "Finnick," he said. "Long time no see." "Yeah, eh?" Finnick said. "I was strangely okay with it. No offence." The host laughed and the audience did too. "None taken, none taken," Caesar said waving his hand. "But you can't be feeling that bad about your chances, can you? I mean, what were your training scores? Eleven? Again?" The audience cheered and Finnick raised a hand before leaning back in his seat. "Yeah, well, apparently. Still, I wouldn't count any of these tributes out. They were all victors, right? Besides, some of these people are brilliant dinner conservationists." More laughed. Caesar said. "You've been a mentor for so long now, standing behind the kids going into the arena nowadays... How strange is it going to be to get back into an arena?" "Very," Finnick said. "Completely bizarre. I mean, my life's been so great… I've been so fortunate to spend time out here and back home... I'll just be dazed and missing everything for as long as I'm in there. Maybe longer." Anxious whispering shot through the audience. Clearly he was one of the china doll that the Capitol citizens didn't want getting scratched. He wondered if he should have Katniss shoot him to piss off the masses. Nothing big, just an arrow in the hand. He was pretty sure that the girl could be convinced to do it. "What's the one thing that you'll be missing the most?" Caesar said. Finnick saw the opening. His stomach folded itself into a painful knot. His throat clogged. "Actually Caesar, it'll be a some one . Not a some thing." Excited whispering tore the audience apart. "A someone," Caesar said suggestively. "A lady perhaps?" "Yeah," Finnick said without hesitating. "My one true love." There were a few gasps. "Can we get a name?" Caesar said, jumping at the gossip like a frog. "No, but you can get a clue," Finnick said. "See, when you get reaped, you don't have the time to say goodbye to all the people you want to and this year… well, I didn't get to anyone." "What's our clue?" Caesar said leaning towards Finnick. Finnick chewed on his lip and got up, brushing off his shirt. He walked to the front of the stage, so that the camera could really see him. See his face. He smiled the clumsy, camera-awkward smile that Annie loved and that his publicity folks didn't. He took a deep breath. "Anytime Finnick," Caesar said. He probably should have said something witty like 'don't rush me Caesar, this is art'. But he really was nervous. Brutal death was on the agenda yet he was still concerned about proclamations. No, actually. He was concerned with goodbyes. He started before his brain could tell his mouth to stop. "I've spent so much time with my eyes on the sea So many hours given to the waves and their rolling Expectantly I'd be used to things creeping on me But darling, thanks to you my heart is always surprising If the world's your oyster I'm sorry that you couldn't have one better. But darling, if you need to find comfort whatsoever, Please remember that you glimmer. You glimmer like hope, like a sinner's last chance, Like a jewel laying where the sun cares to dance, You glimmer when you smile, or at least when you try Darling you don't even have to do a thing, it's in your eye. As a string of pearls rests around your throat A noose starts surrounding mine The miles between us like a moat But darling, even across time I'd see you shine Now that I've seen firelight jump to your face, Crawl up your chin and cheeks where there's already such grace Now that I've seen the purest stars reflected in your sight It's alright if the world takes me, I've gotten all my light." He heard the audience going wacko. Women flipping out, convinced that the poem was specifically written for them even though he'd never spoken to them. But just to make sure that the one true love knew who he was talking to… He scratched his nose with his uplifted pinkie.