and leave them alone for the night. Katniss is sitting up in bed with a book in her hand and I use the bathroom, swallowing the pills she's left for me and then return to the bed, taking off my prosthetic and sliding under the covers. "What are you reading?" "Willow's baby book." "Will you read me some of it?" Katniss nods and I settle in beside her. "Willow found daddy's paints during her crawling expedition. She was gone the second I turned my back on her. She's fast. Her clumsiness knocked the stool over, which knocked the wet palette onto the floor and she had great fun painting the floor, the stool and herself. In the space of two minutes she needed a shower and made her mommy very annoyed. But her Mommy found the funny side of it later on when she told Daddy." Katniss reads me. I smile from ear to ear and listen to her read more of our eldest daughter. I kiss her deeply before she falls asleep on me and wish her a good night. … The Seam girl with two braids brushes past me, making her way to the front of the classroom where the teacher helps her onto the box. She was so shy in the schoolyard when Daddy pointed her out to me, clutching the coal miner's overalls in her olive fist and hiding behind his long legs. But now the tears were cleared and she sounded like nothing I had ever heard before. I look outside to see even the birds had stopped to listen and they had. They were enchanted by her. And now I understood why her mommy ran off with the coal miner. I walked on home behind my brother's humming to the song she sang and hoped she never met someone who made the birds fall silent when they sang. "No one understands what it's like to be the child of a victor more than all the contributors of this book. We all have a story, each one of us. Our parent's are a special breed of people. They are fighters. They've risked everything they had for us. Their dignity, their minds, their souls and their lives. Our parents are the real heroes of the world. My parents are my heroes. If it weren't for them, I wouldn't live in the peaceful world I do now." I smile at the woman who just read to me. She's beautiful, blue eyes, long chocolate hair and a heart shaped face. "There's more, I just think that's enough for now." I nod at the woman and she passes the book off to the boy beside her. "Life in the Mellark's household was always the topic of question from anyone who met me, teachers, students, visitors to the district. They wanted to know how the Mellark's lived, how they coped and if there were still 'moments'. I didn't understand this at first when I was little, I didn't know what they meant until the day I learnt about the world years before I was born. I was hurt for a long time, wondering why my parents never told me or why my big sister never said anything to me. She later told me, it was best it came from mom and dad. I sat before them, listened to them, cried into my mother's shoulder as she consoled me and I imagined the trauma they'd endured. Everything started to make sense, why my dad had a prosthetic, why mom sometimes whispered the name 'Prim' in her sleep, why dad clutched the back of chairs and mom couldn't get out of bed. But I started to appreciate them and loved them a whole lot more than I realised." The boy stops, choking on his words and hands the book to the girl on his right. She's like the first woman but a mixture of both the boy and the girl. She has light brown hair and blue-grey eyes. "I'm just going to read you an exert." The girl says aloud. "There's no greater accomplishment than sharing your life with another person. Another person who you can't get enough of. Who you promise forever with. That person who helps you through nightmares, bad days and moments of confusion. People are afraid of this, letting people in and trying their hardest to not let people get under their skin. But some people have a way of making their way under your skin and become the person who you share everything with. Who you promise to not let go because you're all each other has and needs and you realise you can only survive with that person. And then someday you decide you want to share that overwhelming love you have with that person with something else. Something you'd never imagined you'd want because of how hurt you've been in the past. But you open up your life, you take a plunge, a big step and there you are holding your first child. And then your second. Then your third. And you know you're finally happy." I smile at the girl and she closes the book. I look beside me to a woman who smiles proudly and holds two almost toddlers on her lap. I turn my attention to the girl who smiles at me as she stands before me. "Do you know what that was about dad?" A strangled noise comes out first as I clock my tongue and try to round my lips. "Ve…" I say. "Va…" The girl squeezes my hand. "Ove…" "That's right dad, love. It was about love." …. I hope you enjoyed this story. I like the idea of older Everlark with their almost grown children as much as I love younger Everlark with their young children. This was my first take on an older Everlark post canon as well. Let me know what you thought. And you can come and find me on tumblr with the same username.