few days later the doctor signs his discharge papers happily telling him to go home. He checked all the boxes of good health and recovery and they thought it'd be best he returned home to finish off his recovery. We packed up his room and walked to my car. He slid into the passenger seat and I sat behind the wheel. "Home?" I ask him. "Home." I drive in the direction of his home. Little did he know we were neighbours. "Wait how do you know where I live?" He asks. I shrug my shoulders and pull up in the apartment lot garage. "You can't park here if you're not a resident." "But I am." I tell him. "I'm your neighbour Peeta." "What?" He says. "I've lived here for 6 months. That's how Rye found me." "Really? I just thought he hired you through an agency?" "No. I ran into him one day, we got to talking and he told me about you and how he needed to find a caretaker. I offered and showed him my credentials and he hired me straight away. He knew I'd be good for your recovery." Peeta smiles at me and I help him out of the car. Once all his belongings are brought to his room and he's wandering around his house, touching the furniture, looking at the paintings on his wall and familiarising himself with his apartment, I watch him as I unpack his bags. "That can wait." He says placing his hands on mine. "Come, sit down." He pulls me to the couch and pulls me to his lap. He cups my face with his hand and runs his hand up and down my back. This time when his lips meet mine I feel the intensity of his touch. We were finally alone without anyone able to interrupt us. He isn't careful where he rests his hands or how he sneaks them underneath my shirt. The hunger overtakes us and I feel the heat coil in my belly as my body responds. The warmth spreads to my tips of my fingers and toes and I feel alive. This kiss does nothing to satisfy my want, instead it fuels my desires. He lays me down on the couch and hovers over me, gaining more access to my body. His lips move to my neck and he hits my pulse point. "Peeta?" I say. "Hmm?" he murmurs between kisses. "I love you." I tell him. He stops and looks up at me, sheer joy in his eyes. He pulls me to sit and a mile wide smile is pressed on his lips. "Really?" I nod. "Really." I say. "I love you." I say smiling. "I've never been so sure about something in my entire life." He kisses me quickly and pulls away. "I love you too. I've loved you the minute I met you. I loved you from the first time I heard you sing. I knew I loved you the minute we kissed behind the bike shed. I've loved you for so long and now, after everything you've done for me. I love you even more and I'll continue to love you for the rest of our time." After that I never go home to sleep. I stay with him, not wanting to miss another moment together. I give him the notebook and from the first morning spent at home I give him the notebook to read. A year later I stand before him in a white dress. Few family and friends join us. It doesn't matter because we have each other. We speak our vows, declare our love for one another and sign our names. Later that night after too much cake and dancing we fall into bed together not bothering to change from our clothes. I grab Peeta's hand and bring it to rest on my stomach. "The reason I didn't drink champagne tonight." I tell him. "We're having a baby." And in that moment, just like the day spent in the garden I see him fall in love all over again. I see his eyes light up. He looks at me with adoration and love, my own heart melts under his gaze. In an instant my belly is exposed to him and his mouth places a thousand kisses on my flat stomach and the first promise of loving the child who grows inside of me. His quiet footsteps sound down the hallway late that night. The house was quiet. I liked the quiet, especially the quiet of the night. He walked into our bedroom. Only the light from a lamp lit the room. He smiled when he spied me on the bed and crossed the room as quietly as he could. "Is she alright?" I ask him. "Yeah, she's perfect." He tells me. "Just wanted a kiss goodnight." I smile and look down at the newborn nursing from my breast. His small fingers wrapped around my finger. Peeta brushes the downy blond hairs on his crown and places the softest of kisses on his crown. I smiled and thought about the last five years. I thought about the day I met him after more than 15 years apart. How he laid in his hospital bed trying to get to me. How quickly he responded to me and came back to me. How quickly we became friends and soon fell in love with each other. I didn't have any more nightmares. I could sleep at night now. His arms kept away the nightmares and if I was restless a kiss would settle me. Just like how a kiss pressed to our daughter's forehead would settle her down for the night. How the softness of my voice would calm my son. We were happy. I now enjoyed the quiet of the night now just to study my children. Watch their even breaths and watch them peacefully sleep. I enjoyed the quiet of the night to sleep soundly in my husband's arms.