and I have to say so instead of awkwardly bouncing from our coffee dates to my real ugly life. And you like me, so you have to do something other than call me beautiful." "Okay," Cinna said- and this completely for lack of a better word. What did one reply to that? Maybe Portia didn't know what else to do from that point on, or maybe she was just less clueless than Cinna was. At any rate, she wrapped her arms around Cinna's neck and pulled him into a kiss. Shock kept him from responding at first, but once he started kissing her back it was hard to stop. It was impossible, actually. There was something incredibly entrancing about picking every single palette and fabric and cream and colour that went on someone and still being surprised by how sweet their lips tasted. Entrancing and… addictive. There was something about him that Portia liked too, apparently. Because they didn't stop until daybreak. He may not be proud of it, but Portia had spent more than enough nights at his house by this point. It had become easy to wake up next to her and wiggle his way out of bed for a drink of water and then slide back in without disturbing her rest. Easy but… disappointing. He wished that the sun knew what the moon did. He wished that Portia could love him when it wasn't dark. He wished that Portia could love herself in the light- though he wasn't sure that she did much of that in the dark either… It's because she never sees herself sleep, Cinna thought one night when he got out of bed to shut a window and spared a moment to watch her sleep. She was curled on her side, with her hair fanned on the pillow. She doesn't see herself in all the little ways I do. She doesn't see the flick of her fingertips when she brushes her hair back, because she's doing it. She doesn't see how beautiful her smile is because in every mirror she's ever looked, the image has been flipped and distorted. She doesn't see herself be so peaceful when she sleeps, so she never can be. It frustrated him, and when he slipped back between the sheets and wrapped his arms around her, she actually pushed him back in her sleep because of how tightly he clung to her. Cinna was half-dressed by the time he found Portia in the kitchen brewing coffee. She'd apparently pulled on a button-up shirt of his from the day before and had already poured him a cup. Her bangs were flipped back into the rest of her hair which gave the slowly-but-surely returning curls even more volume. She looked at her reflection in the fridge. "I am not a morning person," she said, smiling at him. "Good thing I'm with the right man to fix me up." Considering how patient he was, Cinna didn't know why exactly this was what really got him going. What really made him angry… But it did. "You know Portia, you don't have to repeat every single awful thing that's ever been said to you in a half-assed funny way," Cinna said. "I don't want to hear Boris and your agent and the tabloids every time you open your mouth, and I don't want to feel all their misery and longing every night when you show up at my door and come to me, and I don't want to see your dreams and ideas and questions from afar because you don't want to be more than a pretty face." Portia looked at him with wide eyes. " Excuse me?" "You're not an idiot. You know exactly what I mean." Portia put her coffee down. "Well good morning to you too." "Good morning," Cinna said. "That doesn't mean that I'm not right." Portia just watched him as he opened the refrigerator and started making breakfast. "Cinna," Portia said. "Even to you, if I'm not a model, what am I?" "I don't know," Cinna said. "I've only met you as a model so far. I don't know if you could be a designer or a singer or an engineer or a diplomat. You've never let yourself be more than that." Portia smiled. "My life is much more complicated than it looks, baby. Social constructs, however? That's been decided for you. It's so much easier to let others make you into something than to contort yourself into a thousand shapes." "But that's eating you alive and breaking you to pieces too," Cinna said. "It's not keeping you safe, and it's caging you." She didn't fight him on the subject, and Cinna sighed. "Don't you get it, Portia? I don't make you beautiful. You always just were," Cinna said. She was quiet until she said. "I brought the sketching pad you gave me. I'm actually using it." "That's great," Cinna said. "I drew things in it," Portia said nervously. "I'd like you to look." "I'd love to," Cinna said. Portia nodded and went to go find her purse from where she'd tossed it last night, when she'd first fallen into his arms. The sketches were beautiful, and Cinna said so about each and every one. Even the trickier ones, the sketchier ones, the ones where the textures and colours and patterns didn't quite add up… there was always something beautiful. Just like every single moment with Portia, period. "Do you think that these are good enough to… to sell? To make?" Portia asked. "I don't know," Cinna said. "We'll have to start by ditching Boris and all his things, and putting a sewing machine where he kept his socks." "Actually, I was thinking that putting one by that window would be a nice working space," Portia said pointing to the one in Cinna's living room. "And if we put a fabric shelving system over there…" "Brilliant," Cinna smiled. "Absolutely brilliant." He kissed her hair. "Beautiful," he corrected. "Absolutely beautiful."