else and said goodbye with tears streaming down your face. Your life fell apart, the love of your life died at the fault of your own negligence. You though were let off with a good behaviour bond, you were too nice of a guy to mean to do what you did, and the guilt was enough to warrant you a lifetime sentence. The judge looked passed the alcohol in your system and blamed the poor condition of the road and the poor lighting and my lack of wearing a seatbelt. The judge looked deep into your blue eyes and apologised with his own grey eyes, ones that resembled mine and expressed his condolences after you told the courtroom our story, you moved the courtroom with your words and painted your emotions onto the words you spoke. It was a tragedy to have to deal with this at such a young age. It takes you years to get over me. You spend moments painting and sketching and then crying when you realised what you exactly painted. Your painting is your therapy and after a while you begin to paint sunsets and the dandelions in the spring instead of the green, black and red nightmares. The backfield where we lay in the dandelions as we cut class. You begin to paint the Japanese garden and the market on a Sunday morning with a girl with the long braid down her back. You paint the pin and the gardener mowing the lawns on the Sunday morning. You paint my father gardening and Lady licking Prim's face. You paint me in at the archery range and the camping trips and everything else I told you about. You paint the children we spoke about one afternoon in the Japanese gardens even the afternoon spent watching the sunset under the big willow tree and me expressing my love for the name Willow. You open a gallery on what would be my 21st birthday and leading up to the 4th anniversary of my passing. The walls are filled with all of the paintings of me. The gallery you call Willow is filled with everything you loved about me with a nice little garden out the back of the gallery, a pond filled with coy, beautiful plants, bamboo, a rock garden and grass to be freshly cut every Sunday. The first wall of the gallery holds the lines, two world's colliding and they could never tear us apart. You dedicate a room out the back to teach children how to make art. You were living my dream of teaching children about your passions. A week after the opening your life changes for the better and you receive national coverage of your works. Effie, a talent scout hears about the gallery from one of her friends in town and is there the next day to arrange a meeting with the man who has created the most moving pieces of artwork she has ever seen in her life and with that, you become a star. Your story told and your gallery picks up business and your selling your paintings and sketches as soon as you finish them and making more money than you intended. You meet your future wife one Sunday morning as she wanders inside the gallery and finds herself drawn to one of your paintings and she breaks down in your arms after you tell her about me. Every detail you care to share with her. You cut the grass that Saturday morning, wiping the sweat from your brow and tend to the garden you planted in memory of me before sitting under the willow tree in your backyard and smelling the cut grass. You entered your living room and saw my face staring back at you, my grey eyes locking with yours. The painting titled 'love face', inspired from the first time we walked through the Japanese gardens home. The small smile on my face, the mockingjay pin on my coat and my signature braid. You didn't want a big reminder of me but your wife insisted because that's the first time she fell in love with you, when you explained the mystery girl in the portrait and how much of an impact she had on your life. I made you who you are today. I taught you about righting the wrongs in life and making life great. You decided you wouldn't wallow in pity and told my story to everyone who visited the gallery. Everyone was hypnotised, even your wife much like me, on every story you told and the buyers felt more connected to the girl who would hang in on the walls of their homes. I'm living your life and you're living mine. Sunday morning the lawns were all mowed. You walked through the Japanese gardens home. The sweet girl on your hip, too young to walk and the two boisterous boys who much resembled you following behind. You looked so funny with your kids in tow. You vowed you didn't want to be like this, resent the children you brought into the world but not once had you resented them. You loved them unconditionally like I would have and told them stories, painted with them and baked with them and most importantly strolled through the Japanese gardens home like I had dreamed of. You spent Sundays with your family and shared lunches under the willow tree and lazed under the shade. Sometimes my family visited and shared your Sundays and stories of me to the children. You still walked through the gardens alone some mornings and sat on the bench where I took my first drag and would sketch or smell the cut grass and remember me singing to you or telling you the names of our would be children. You seemed so underdressed sitting there, something was missing, the one thing you'd always have with you on our Sunday morning and I realised what it was. You gave up smoking years ago.