you." "You shouldn't be following people." "Sorry. What's your name?" "Katniss." "How old are you?" She swallowed the last of the bread and then wrinkled her nose. "I don't like questions." "I'll give you more bread if you tell me." All he really needed to do was keep smiling, but that was a private thought, and she vowed never to reveal it. Never ever. Not in a million years. "I think I'm eleven." When he squinted, she explained, "That's what my Grisly Uncle Cray says. But I don't know my birthday." "What about your mama and papa?" "They died. I live with my uncle, but he's not really my family. He doesn't want me around. No one does." Peeta shook his head, which shimmered in the dark. He jabbed at his chest. "You're wrong. I want you around." "No, you don't. You're a boy. Boys don't want girls around." "I'm not just a boy. I'm Peeta." She rolled her eyes, elated by his declaration. But once more, she wasn't going to say it out loud and make a ninny of herself. "Fine," she said. "I'll allow that. You can have me around if you offer more bread." And again, if he kept smiling at her. Peeta thought about something. "Do you come from the stars, Katniss? Because you sing like you do. You sing like magic." She managed a weak giggle. He grinned back, revealing a duet of dimples, and the effect was like a match against a tinderbox, sparking inside her tummy. She liked how their breaths clouded together in the frosty air. Giddiness bubbled inside her. She opened her mouth to thank him for the bread when a distraught voice cried out. "Peeta! Peeta!" "Uh-oh," Peeta groaned. "I'm in trouble." He cupped his mouth and called, "Over here!" Just then, his father came bounding into the alleyway. In his haste, he nearly slipped on the icy ground. Katniss watched in fascination, and with immense longing, as the gentleman sank to his knees and yanked Peeta to his chest, hugging him with all his might. When he pulled back, he braced his hands on Peeta's shoulders, his face wrinkled with anger. "Have you gone bedlam? What were you thinking, dashing off like that?!" Peeta babbled his response. "I had to, Papa. Katniss was hungry, anyone could see it, and I couldn't just let her leave, and I went after her because her voice made us happy, and I wanted to hear it again and give her some bread, and she was here, and I'm sorry, but—" The man belted out a tired laugh. "All right, all right. Hush, now." He regarded the girl while still holding Peeta. "Katniss, is it?" Katniss fiddled with her braid. "Yes, sir. Forgive me, sir. I didn't know he would follow me. Please don't be mad, sir—" "None of that. I'm Mr. Mellark to anyone who knows me." "But I don't know you." "You sang for me, so now you know me. You know us ." "Katniss is a star," Peeta boasted. "That's where her voice comes from." "I'll wager it does," Mr. Mellark answered fondly. "Can she come home and help us bake?" Katniss scowled. She wanted to shove Peeta for asking that. It was mortifying. "Peeta, you must remember that Katniss has a family to return to," his papa said. On the other hand, his rejection injured her far worse than any embarrassment could. Weariness dragged her shoulders down. These two had been so kind to her. She liked them very much. She wanted to keep them. Grisly Uncle Cray didn't want to keep her. And even though she didn't want to be pitied, she enjoyed making Peeta grin, and she thought she might follow his eyes anywhere. Also, there was more food at the Mellarks' house. A fire and a Christmas tree, as well. The words tumbled from her mouth like marbles. "I don't have a family." Mr. Mellark twisted toward her and frowned. "I thought you said you weren't orphaned." "I fibbed," she fibbed. Only a trifle, though. Cray wouldn't miss her, to be sure. So it was partly the truth. Peeta stared at her intently but didn't give away her secret. He was a good ally. He smelled wonderful, too, like fresh snowfall and sweets and dough. Like hope. They swapped shy glances, and she noticed Peeta's father studying them both, his gaze traveling between them. She wondered what he saw, but whatever it was, it softened his features and swelled his voice with affection. "Well, Katniss the Star. It appears you've had quite the effect on us. We do have two raisin loaves to finish before tomorrow. Your assistance would mean a great deal. We can pay you with supper and a warm bed, if you'd like." He got to his feet and offered her another kindly look. "We have plenty of room." Supper. A warm bed. Ohhh. Her chin rose. They needed her. She liked being needed. Peeta straightened his cravat, all gentleman-like, and held out his hand. "Would you like to come home with us, Katniss?" The question felt so important, like a gift that would last for as long as she wanted it to. She took Peeta's hand. Impulsively, she kissed his cheek, then jerked back, feeling as red-faced as he looked. However, that smile of his returned, even bigger than before. He squeezed her hand, and all the way back to the house, he never let go. Before they stepped through the front door together, Katniss glanced up and saw a cluster of stars. And it was funny, because when she gazed at them long enough, they got fuzzy around the edges and became something else. Something like a dandelion. I'm at: andshewaits (d0t) tumblr (d0t) com. Come say hi! Big thank you to Chelzie for being a fantastic beta! Disclaimer: I do not own THE HUNGER GAMES trilogy. It belongs to Suzanne Collins. I merely want to spend more time with her characters.