from there, an old but familiar feeling. Her skill hadn't weakened. In this very fabricated place, she found so many real things. She won enough tickets to choose a prize. She wanted to pick something for Peeta, to pay him back for the last twelve hours, because she owed him plenty. Of course, he beat her to it. "This," Peeta said, pointing to a fake pearl pendant necklace inside a glass case. She lifted her braid so he could drape the necklace around her neck, which rested between her collarbones. He stroked the jewel and said, "It's rare." No way in hell would Katniss call herself a crier. Not since the day her sister died. Yet by the time she and Peeta reached the carnival's main gate, she was a sniffling, runny-nosed, freaking mess. Their foreheads pressed together as his thumbs wiped at her tears. Peeta grin sadly. "Is it bad that I'm grateful you'll miss me this much?" "Screw you," Katniss muttered. Their chuckles ebbed. They listened to the clank of machines turning off. "What you did for me tonight..." Katniss covered his hands with hers. "You don't know how much it means to me." "You're wrong. I know. I feel the same." His face creased with worry. "Will you be okay?" She froze. Did he suspect something? It hadn't been easy disguising herself as a normal girl, someone with a family and a home. She prayed he hadn't figured it out. She wanted him to leave with a safer, happier impression of her. She pushed the words from her mouth. "Of course. I'll always be okay." "Tell me you want to see me again." "Peeta..." It wasn't possible. They lived too far apart, and in polar opposite realities. His life bypassed hers in every way, and she had nothing to offer, no guarantee. She couldn't string him along, making him wait for a girl with no means to reach him, much less keep in touch. Katniss listed the reasons why this couldn't work, refusing to give him a (false) address where he could write her, declining to accept his actual phone number. Dammit, how she longed to take it anyway, if only to spend her nights staring at the numbers. Not surprisingly, he put up a good fight. But after a few more attempts, he gave up fighting. Stepping back, Peeta held her at arm's length and said, "I'm going to memorize your face. I'm going to freeze this moment and live in it." They kept still and stared at each other. She locked in every detail of him, while he did the same. Then he choked out, "Okay." Not okay. They grabbed each other and melted into a kiss. Breaking away, he left her, his steps heavy as they lumbered toward a fleet of Capitol cabs idling on the sidewalk. Katniss held her breath, terrified that he would turn around, yet wishing for it. He halted, but he must have sensed her dilemma, because he kept going. Going. Gone. In a daze, she drifted through the carnival one more time, stopping at each place they'd been. From there, she hiked into the bordering park, deep into the trees, returning to the secluded knoll where she'd stashed her sleeping bag. The spot offered a good view of the Ferris wheel. Yes, she would be fine. She had lasted this long on her own. She would do even better for herself from now on, with the hope he'd given her, reminding her that she could strive for more. More than day-to-day survival. And maybe someday, when things got better, and she didn't have holes hidden in her sweater, and she could buy her own funnel cake, she would find him again. Maybe someday she would deserve the likes of him. Rolling out the bag, Katniss tucked herself in. Although she considered jumping up and running after him, she forced herself to stay put. To let go of one more person she loved. To be grateful that he'd been around, at least for a short time. Stroking the pearl pendant, she allowed flashes of his smile, his jokes, his voice guide her to sleep. She flinched, her eyes opening at the sound of approaching footsteps. She couldn't have been resting for very long because the sky hadn't changed colors. She balled her hand into a fist, ready to defend herself if need be. Then she smelled him. Cinnamon and hope. In shock, Katniss lay there as he unzipped the sleeping bag and slipped inside. His arms covered her waist and drew her against his chest. His breath tickled her ear. "Why didn't you tell me?" Peeta whispered. Katniss shook her head. Of all things, she felt guilty for delaying him and began to sob. "Oh, crap. I'm making you miss your train." "Forget that," he said. "Is-is this how you live?" Humiliated, yet too tired to be pissed at him for following her here, she took his hand and pressed it to her lips. Birds whistled in the branches overhead. "I saw you go back into the carnival," he explained. "And then I was barely inside the cab when I jumped out. I just had a feeling..." She felt the question settle between them: Where did they go from here? "There'll be another train," he said. Katniss snuggled into Peeta, sensing him contemplating something else. "The nature preserve in District 12 is hiring." His lips moved across the top of her head as he spoke. "Do you like the woods, Katniss?" What he asked broke her resolve. Because no one ultimately survived alone. She twisted her head over her shoulder. His face asked her to trust him, come with him, be with him. Her throat raw from talking all night, she answered with a smile. In the distance, the carnival shut down. Miles away, the train rolled out of the station. Meanwhile, in the park, the sleeping bag rustled as they made plans. I'm at: andshewaits (d0t) tumblr (d0t) com.