and ended up on paper. Yet in this moment, she has no words. Peeta's shadow stretches across the floor. Releasing an angry sound, he drops the letters on the floor. All except one, which he pockets as he walks past her, down the stairs, out of the house. Katniss sinks to the ground, surrounded by leaflets. She sucks in a deep breath, and when she breathes out, it turns into a giant sob, followed by another, and another. Afterward, when she's dried up, she grabs a quilt and pillow from her room, and then stumbles to the roof. Out on the flat expanse of her house, she unpacks the air mattress stored in the corner, fills it up, and collapses on it. This is where she and Peeta have spent many warm nights whispering under the stars, sleeping under the stars. She covers herself with the blanket. One hour. Two hours. A creak from behind alerts her. She shoots to her feet. Her heart contracts. Peeta stands a few feet away. They watch each other. The surface croaks beneath his weight as he approaches. She wants to touch him. She wants and wants and wants. "I knew it," he says. She blinks. "Knew what?" The intensity of his gaze causes her to retreat. He begins to stalk her across the roof. Now, she's afraid. Afraid of where this is going. What's going to come out of her mouth. What he's going to make her say. His expression is serious. He whispers, "You love me." "No. No, I was just—" "You love me." "Just ghostwriting—" "You love me." Peeta backs her into the ledge. He holds out the paper he took with him earlier. "This is the only one I didn't recognize." The tenderness in his voice encourages her to take the note. Fingers shaking, she glances down. It's the love-hate letter she'd scribbled and hidden under her pillow. "I wrote it the night I slapped you," she says. "That explains the hating me part," he muses. "But it's real. The writing. It's really you." She nods, unable to face him but also unable to hold back anymore. "Yes." She hears his intake of breath. "And the other letters?" he asks. "Real, too. But not for me to give." "You let Delly take the credit." Amazement fills his voice. "Why didn't you ever tell me?" "She's better for you," Katniss sputters, angry because she can feel more tears coming. "She doesn't have this ." She points to her nose. Peeta's brows draw together. Without hesitation, he tips her face up. "Don't you know you're beautiful? Don't you know...no, don't cry." "I'm not," she mumbles, but she is. She is crying. She has lived for a moment like this. She has woken up every morning hoping for such words from him and gone to bed each night without them. She's waited so long and can't pull herself together. "You're beautiful here." He kisses the side of her nose, turning her into putty, terrifying her because this has to be a dream, it's too surreal. "You're beautiful here." He presses his mouth to the spot on her chest where her heart beats. And when he straightens, his gaze thick and heavy and determined, she knows what comes next. It's something they've never done. It's thrilling. His hands are on her waist, tugging her close. His lips find hers, open and grazing. Her mind goes blank. Any moment, she's going to faint. "And you're beautiful right here," he murmurs against her mouth. They sigh at the foreign contact, a first in their relationship, but it's clear from the way he quakes in her arms that he's thought about this, too. Katniss can tell how it feels for both of them. They're drugged. They're shocked at how easy it is. They kiss. Hungrily, fiercely. Peeta crushes his hands in her hair, his mouth insistent, his tongue splitting her lips apart and dipping into her, mirroring the movements of a greater need that's building fast. But perhaps not so fast when she thinks of the length of their friendship. When he lifts his head an inch, his breathing is labored, his tone husky. "We're idiots." "Yeah. Kiss me again." "Okay." They kiss and kiss and kiss, making up for too many years. She tastes what her letters have done to him, feels it as his hands begin to do things she's wished for on paper. They find their way to the air mattress. They grin and remove their clothes one by one, the excitement to see each other increasing. They crawl into a new position, one they've never found themselves in before. Peeta's skin is pale, like he's fallen out of a constellation. His chest rubs hot against hers. There's a hardness, and a wetness, and they join these two things together. They moan because they fit so well. She secures his body with her legs and leads him deeper. His mouth falls open in bliss, that lush lower lip swelling, a high-pitched sound bursting from his throat. They settle into a rocking motion. They strain to keep quiet because they're outside, above the district, beneath a canopy of stars. "I love you, my friend," he gasps, moving faster. She almost can't get it out between her desperate cries. "I...I love..." "Shhh. Write it to me." The sky pulsates little white lights behind his head. Those lights are burning. Because it's her and him. Always. They're on fire. The moist sheen on your hips...you taste like salt and sugar...I'm filled...I'm loved. She pays attention to everything because he'll want to read about this in the next letter. A different kind of letter. Direct. Experienced. Well-versed in his nakedness. Aware of his feelings. And signed with her name instead of Goodnight , because that's something she can say out loud, right here, once they've stopped trembling. Once they've picked the fallen blanket off the ground and tucked each other in. I'm at: andshewaits (d0t) tumblr (d0t) com.