didn't smell as pleasant as they should. "We need to split up," the boy said, and when the girl wavered, he touched her cheek. "We'll meet here. I'll come right back. I promise." "Okay," she whimpered. His blue eyes caressed her face. His lips comforted hers in a brief yet soft first kiss. She watched her Sunset vanish into the trees, his blond hair fading along with the rest of him. The sight iced her from head to toe with something akin to foreboding. As she prowled the wilderness, the girl thought of her mother wounded or inanimate somewhere, prey for animals or other spectral threats in this untamed arena. Instead, the girl found the woman sitting in a meadow and singing their lullaby. The girl clung to her mother, then ushered her back to the apple tree to wait for the boy. Only the boy wasn't there. They waited until the mother got anxious despite her hazy state, which forced the girl to bring her home before returning to the tree. When she got there, the girl realized what was different. The sounds and smells that accompanied her and the boy were gone, had been gone since they split up. Her foreboding escalated to certainty, certainty to dread. Those sounds and smells had never been following them . They had been following him . She'd merely been a witness to their penetrating, deliriously stunning call. Where are you? What have I done letting you go? What are they doing to you? The girl paced by the apple tree. She ripped out the blossoms and sent them tumbling to the ground, along with her bitter tears. Days passed. People in their wee town speculated the boy might have run away. Or was attacked by a nocturnal beast. Or stumbled in the dark, fell into the river, and drowned. The girl refused to believe these tales. She went out every evening, retracing his nightly escape walks, hunting for him. A week later, the search party found something. His sweater matted with blood. The girl's legs gave out that day. His foster parents only showed enough sorrow to satisfy bakery patrons. They didn't have a funeral because he wasn't their real son, and they couldn't have paid for it anyway. The girl buried his memory beneath the apple tree. She brought dandelions for him, used a flat rock to mark his grave, and wrote on it with a stick of orange chalk. Sunset He liked to play. He liked art. He deserved a family. "Come, dear." She turned her burning gaze on her mother, who stood a short distance away, beside the little sister, who clutched her stuffed cat. They'd been quiet, granting the girl privacy but wanting to pay their own respects. For the first time, the mother's gaze was sober. Understanding her daughter's pain, the woman had returned from the abyss and pledged to take care of them, give them a full life. But it was too late. To her shame, the girl could not decide whom she would have rather lost that night, if given a choice. The mother knelt beside her daughter and smoothed her braid over her shoulder. "Come home, Katniss." "Just a little longer," the girl pleaded. The mother and sister left Katniss to soak in her grief. Her fingers curled over the stone and clenched the cold surface. She stirred up an image of his face, trying to memorize it, realizing she did not have a picture of him. His foster family had given his only photo to the police. All she had of him was a sketch in her mind. It would have to last. She missed his cinnamon aroma. She missed his dirty golden hair. She bowed her head, parted her chapped lips, and sucked up a valley of air… I love you. ...and the wail that bled out of her thrust itself into the wind. No one had ever told him that. Not one person. She had the chance but would never get it back. She screamed until her lungs flamed. She curled up against the headstone, where she sobbed herself to sleep, intent on waking up by his side. As the months passed, Katniss's face turned to stone while her ability to feel emotions shriveled to the size of a hard pearl. Yet she kept dreaming of far off places. Purple skies, emerald green moss cascading down the necks of trees, white lights buzzing through branches, glittering petals, the strings of a fiddle, lagoons that whispered secrets if she listened close enough. Years later, when she traded her ruffled sheets for flannel ones, her storybooks for textbooks, and her virginity for a bad homecoming date, the dreams tempted her with words. Come closer , the magical land beckoned . He waits. He waits for you. Always, he waits. The plea dug a well into her heart, but Katniss didn't respond to it. Because those dreams revealed a strange place, full of strange things and perhaps even stranger folk. And she didn't believe in fantasy anymore. Nor did she trust it. For it reminded her of him. The boy who vanished just like her father, the boy she never forgot, whose grave she visited every year with dandelions and new orange chalk to touch up the headstone. Her first love, whose face slowly began to fog, whose birth date she didn't know, whose name she never learned. All because of those stupid games they played. Katniss hated the illusions and their insistent call. She ignored them until, finally, the summons waned and gave up…or maybe lost patience with her. And thank God, she thought, because she was a teenager now, not a little kid. This was real life. Where the sky was either gray or blue. Where the forest was just a forest. Where people didn't come right back . Where games weren't fun anymore. Where boys like him weren't real. And neither were dreams. I'm at: andshewaits (d0t) tumblr (d0t) com.