much. This was too much. I was into him. Really into him. This older guy. This bourgeois single father. In truth, I avoided his gaze more than he avoided mine. When he looked at me, I saw his embarrassment, desire, hope, and all the other things swarming in my own chest, and I couldn't take it. No way would this work. We were too different. We hadn't even uttered a syllable to each other. He peered at me expectantly, and my thoughts must have crept into my face, because his shoulders dropped. Disappointment. Understanding. I swallowed a lump the size of my fist. I wasn't good with words unless I was singing. Sucking it up, I focused on my guitar and played a song for him. One more time. One more tune. My favorite song, and when the lyrics rose from me, I sent them to him. No matter how hard it was, I locked practical, reasonable, adult eyes with him and sang, my voice echoing like we were in a cave. When it was over, he broke from his spot, seizing me by the throat as he approached. He stared down at me, handing me a dollar, a pinch of humor loosening his features. And we laughed. My pride wouldn't have taken the money, not from him. But maybe it would be the only thing of him that I'd get to keep. As I accepted the dollar, the laughter died. Something electrified shot through the paper, gripped and straining between us, one end in his grasp, the other end in mine. I was surprised it didn't rip down the middle. He waited, his fingers twitching. Did he want me to say something? Thank you? The train slid to a halt. On an exhale, he released the dollar, walked backward two steps, drinking me in. With heavy steps, he turned and left. I stared at the open doors, the empty space, a thousand moments that had never happened surging through me. A home. A family. I thought of the music I'd played for him and his little girl. After what we'd done, that might have been it. Good-bye, nice knowing you, sort of. He might not get back in this car again. He might take a different one, maybe at a different time, and no matter where I searched, the chances were slim that I'd find him. No number. No name. I felt my brow furrow. We were different? So what? Too late. I'd realized too late. The train idled because this stop was a transfer hub. Seconds collected into one minute, two minutes. The conductor droned through the static, warning us to clear the doors. I snatched my guitar and bolted. My beanie sailed off my head as I sprinted across the platform and tore up the escalator. I flew, giving zero fucks, rudely barreling through bodies, passing voices that snarled at me, not caring that I'd left my instrument case behind. Automated announcements. Kiosks spitting out tickets. Hundreds of feet. Trains careening through tunnels, an expanding whoosh , like the inside of a lung. Noise, noise, noise. At the next platform level, my head swerved everywhere, my heart in my mouth, ready to shout. No. Please, don't leave. Please, wait. Please! My combat boots skittered. I saw the tail of his coat, the golden curls, the bowed head. He walked slower than everybody else. So slow that space opened up around him as the mass departed through the turnstiles. "Hey!" I shouted. He froze. I gulped as he whipped around. Those baleful blues followed the sound and located me from twenty feet away. He knows my voice. I sped toward him, sloppy and crazy, and also giddy. Setting my guitar down, I vaulted on my tiptoes, grabbed his dumbstruck face, and crushed my lips to his. He went rigid, his wide eyes fixing on me as it dawned, dawned, dawned. Yes. This. His lids fluttered shut. That warm, supple mouth yielded. Scared and curious. Quite and kind and careful. A fragile first kiss held together by a string. Or . . . or was he just being tolerant? Because I'd given him no other choice? I pulled back, my mouth tingling, my throat burning, and my confidence shot to hell. Mortification and uncertainty rustled in my gut as he stared down at me. Only an instant passed, but it was plenty. He hadn't liked it. I'd misunderstood him. I started to creep backward when his hand shot out and clamped onto my wrist. His gaze on me, he tugged me closer and reached up to cup my face. And then he swooped in. And I was lost. He took my lips. He sealed them to his, angling and parting them, aggressively, gently. I gasped into the depth of him, gasping a second time when his tongue swept against mine. Retreating and diving in again, and again, and again. My hands pushed through the flaps of his coat and gripped his waist as I kissed him back. Kissing and kissing and kissing ourselves into a stupor. One of his hands raked through my hair, keeping my head in place as he sank deeper into me. Slick caresses and a drugging rhythm. Each curl of his tongue felt like sex, like being filled. Christ, he did this well. Edging apart, we sucked in air. Helpless, his thumb traced my cheekbone. He whispered something like god or good . It didn't matter which. His orange glasses had been knocked askew. Biting my lower lip, I straightened the frames with the tip of my finger, and he gave me a shy smile, with just the right touch of sweetness. And I dreaded letting go. I think he did, too. So we didn't. "Hi," he said, breathless. "I'm Peeta." I grinned back. "I'm Katniss." Happy note: My second book is coming out next month! Special stuff is happening on my tumblr, so come have a look! I'm at: andshewaits (d0t) tumblr (d0t) com.