bed and screams into an embroidered pillow. Somewhere in the middle of it, she passes out from exhaustion. kpkpkpkpkp She reclines in the sand, in a shoreline away from home. The beach is circular, with a cornucopia in the center, the waves constantly receding, never approaching. Someone's in the water, beckoning her to come, come closer, come find him. Find him. He raises his arm and holds something tiny between his fingers, from so far away that she normally shouldn't be able to see it. It's a pearl. He's using it to bribe her. Shapes—figures—surround her suddenly, blocking out the boy in the water. The bodies are clouds, no different from one another, no better or worse, not evil or good. Sometimes she hears their gauzy pleas, their blurry screams, asking why she did this to them, why she trapped them here. She wants them to shut up, because they're hurting her ears. The sea glitters. The shapes vanish. The boy is still there, floating with the pearl, waiting for her. "I'm here. Always," he says in a luminescent voice. "And you? Are you with me?" Yes. She's with him. She's never been anywhere else. But no. That's a lie. This isn't real! She must have said that out loud because the shape bobs further and further from her, coasting toward the opposite side of the beach. It makes her cry out in regret. She squeezes her fist as though the pearl has somehow ended up in her hand. He disappears. He's gone. The sea changes. It shrinks into a lake, glistening in front of a log cabin, and the shore becomes a different kind of shore, one Katniss has never seen before, with cattails and grass and a forest beyond the fringes of the water. Her fingers tingle. A strong hand bounds itself to her, just for a moment. She worships and loathes the touch. The hand must know this, too. Because it releases her, leaves her alone once again . . . Shouts and gunfire from the corridor jolt her awake. Lurching upright, her pulse hammers in her throat. Her eyes widen at the crackling orange flames of the stack-stone fireplace across from her bed. Her home is under attack. By whom? The clamor of footsteps rushing in all directions, bullets snapping, people howling, and bodies thudding to the ground invade the room. Tearing out of bed, Katniss grabs the bow and single arrow displayed over the fireplace just as the door to her private veranda flies open. A man in a gray jumpsuit barges in with a gun strapped to his chest. They point their weapons at each other. "Careful, sweetheart," the man drawls. "Mine's faster than yours." Katniss pauses in shock. Shadows consume his face, but she knows that grainy voice and wry tone. They belong to Mellark's mentor, Haymitch Abernathy. What is happening? She doesn't have time to ask because someone from behind drops a blindfold over her head, and her arm feels the pinprick of a needle. kpkpkpkpkp When she wakes up, the cloth is still over her head. She thrashes about, growling and not caring if it makes her look like a lunatic. "Ahh. The brat's up," slurs the same voice from her bedroom. "Morning, sweetheart." She's yanked roughly to her feet. The blindfold pops from her head, the wands of light marching across the ceiling and disorienting her. The space is drenched in white, from the walls to the cold tiles beneath her feet, giving her goose bumps. Awareness comes in bits and pieces. Handcuffs bite into her wrists. The side of her face throbs. Her fingers reach up and discover a bandage near her cheekbone—she vaguely recalls going ballistic and trying to fight back before that needle knocked her out. During her scuffle, some hothead lacking patience for the serum to work its magic must have taken the opportunity to hit her. What the hell did they need to keep a cloth over her head for? She could have suffocated. There damn well better have been air holes in the blindfold. Her dark hair is a nest of tangles. She's clad only in her black nightgown and robe, and there's a tear in the hem. A fucking tear! A Cinna LaRue original ruined! Furious, she glares up and finds herself face-to-face with that swine, Abernathy, whose uniform, not to mention his very soul, reeks of drunkenness. He relishes her evident disgust. "Have a good rest?" Movement alerts her to other occupants in the room. Her eyes cut across the space to Plutarch Heavensbee and that poppycock victor, Finnick Odair, who's looking less than stellar in his torn tribute uniform, and with his haunted expression . . . How is Odair here and not in the arena? Katniss is nothing if not astute. After a swift assessment of the men's faces, and the fact that her wrists are bound, she catches on. The victor got out with Heavensbee and Abernathy's help, but they're not here to help her because she's the enemy. She belongs to them now. This is a rebellion, just as her grandfather feared. I'm Katniss Everdeen-Snow. I'm eighteen years old. I'm the president's granddaughter and the youngest gamemaker Panem has ever known. I'm dangerous and trained to kill, and I'm not going down without a good, long, hard fight. So go on. Give me everything you've got. I can take anyone. Anyone. And then she feels another pair of eyes on her. A looming presence in the vicinity that draws her gaze from the men and over to the exit door, where a broad, stocky figure leans against it, his arms crossed over his taut muscles. Yes, his eyes are certainly on her, watching the scene with a sidelong glance. They're intense, calculating blue eyes, and their message is clear: If he could, he would sweep everyone aside and wrap his hands around her throat. Peeta Mellark. The Mockingjay. I'm at: andshewaits (d0t) tumblr (d0t) com. Come say hi!