or turns. After lighting a candle, I pull back the net and kiss her forehead. I hate that she can sleep, but I'm happy that she can sleep. It's hard to say which feeling is greater. Peeling off my soggy nightgown, I climb into my own bed and run a comb through my hair. Beads of sweat crowd between my breasts. It's a sweltering night, and I'm thirsty, but I don't want to waste drinking water. Why did I bring the foreign exchange packet to bed with me? I pour through it more slowly this time. What does this boy want here? What could he gain from spending a school year in a poor country? And isn't learning another language an important part of the whole thing? Everyone on Panem Island speaks English. Why would he choose a place that speaks the same language as his own? The boy's photograph is ridiculous. No one should have a puppy smile and angular features at the same time and get away with it. His straight, white teeth suggest his family has a full refrigerator and a licensed dentist who doesn't trade his services for peacock meat. The boy's wearing a blue shirt—he's probably aware of what it does to his eyes. He's soft but sculpted. Not classically handsome like Finnick, but more unique and cute and innocent. Innocent. I find myself anticipating the newcomer's shock when he first sets foot on the sand and sees more skin than he ever has in one place. I chuckle and then grit my teeth. Shhh. It's not right to laugh without her here. It isn't fair, but the boy made me do it. His picture rips slightly as I whip to the next page. It's a short introduction to the organization, explaining how there's limited space each year, so they choose their students carefully based on applications, personal essays, and social gatherings. I guess this information is meant to reassure the host families. I'm certain that this boy was able to win his place quickly. He looks the type, self-aware of his charm and probably arrogant. The questionnaire. It's for the host family to read. It looks like the boy had to fill it out after being accepted into the program. Name: Peeta Mellark. I smirk. God. That name sounds like it came out of an oven, all fluffy and comforting. Q: Why are you coming to this country? A: "I'm supposed to say for cultural enlightenment and expanding my horizons, right? Actually, I'm going for my dad. When he was a kid, he spent a year on Panem Island and said it was the happiest he's ever been. I want to know what he meant by that. He's told me some stuff, but I won't get it completely until I do it on my own. I'm not sure I'll get it. Not for sure. I hope I will. Hope is good place to start." I don't believe a word of it. Even though he's being casual, he's aiming to impress, and he's doing a fine job. But it's not real. "It's nice following in someone else's footsteps..." "I'd like to see a sunset that doesn't belong to my side of the globe..." "I can learn to swim in my country, but it's not..." He's very chatty. I scan the questions, pausing only for the ones that catch my eyes. Q: What is your favorite food? A: "Bread." Finally, a one-word response. That he has the luxury of even having a favorite food makes me detest him. Q: What will you miss most when you leave home? A: "Well, now that's an impossible question to answer. I honestly can't choose one thing. I don't know if anyone could." I could. "There are lots of ways to miss your life. People, places, the things you like to do..." Here he goes rambling again. My thumb begins to stroke his answer, but I stop myself when I realize what I'm doing. "What I'll miss the most are my family's bakery, my dad, and my girlfriend." Bakery. His life is made of food. Another mention of his father. What about his mother? I glance over at Mama and feel a pang. Then I glance back at the boy's handwriting and suddenly feel calm. His girlfriend. Of course he has one, or two, or three. I wonder if she has eyes like his and if they will have a romantic farewell under the stars, with unrealistic promises and tokens of affection. And lovemaking. The candle flicks a balmy orange glow on the wall. Mosquitoes bounce around, droning like mad while pursuing the light. I'm sticky and gray-eyed and inexplicably sad by what I've read. Sad makes me confused. Confused makes me furious. Furious makes me frustrated. Frustrated becomes a tightness between my legs. Squirming doesn't help, nor does the wet air. I run my hands up my thighs and imagine him saying goodbye to his girlfriend, then the scene melts into another one of him saying hello to me, gazing at my nightgown, curious about everything underneath. I have his attention, and it feels so good. In my fantasy, I corrupt his boyish face and fill us both with longing, and for a moment, I'm all that exists in someone's life. I'm truly wanted. I'm loved again. He's moving on me. I'm moving on him. He shows me how deep I truly am. How loud I can be if I allow myself. The gasp I release is startling and brings me back to earth. One of my fingers has found its way inside me. I'm outraged by the discovery, the almost-noise that slipped from my lips. Without hesitation, I carry the papers over to the candle and stick them into the flame, watching as it drags across his photo, his thoughts, his very existence. The leaflets darken and curl and disappear. Peeta Mellark's not even here yet, but already I've burned him. I'm at andshewaits (d0t) tumblr (d0t) com