yells more to himself than at me. "That doesn't take away the torturous memory of that day! If I loved you as much as they say I did than that should have been enough for me to fight the venom!" He turns around and kicks his chair across the room. His actions startle me but I don't feel as if I'm in danger. I don't want to acknowledge the fact that he used the word loved instead of love. His love can't be past tense. It just can't. I also can't imagine the torment Peeta is living with. He is in a constant struggle with himself. His brain has been hijacked but his heart still wants to love. That is the greatest torture. He finally slides his back against the wall and falls to the ground. "I'm a monster." He whispers. I join him on the floor. "No. You're not." He chuckles a dismissive laugh. "When is a monster not a monster?" He catches my eyes with his. I've stared into those eyes many times before for the cameras but this time feels different. Like he's searching my eyes to see if what I say next is the truth or just another lie for survival. "When you love it." I say gently. "What if that monster doesn't love himself?" "Then I'll love him." I pause for a moment. "I'll love you." Peeta turns and looks at me with wide eyes. He speaks firmly but frantically. "Don't do that. Don't love me. Save your heart for someone who deserves it." He quickly gets up and walks away. I follow him. "It's too late. I can't give my heart to another when I've already given it to you." Before I can comprehend what's happening, he rushes at me and pins me against the wall. I am trapped by his embrace as he rests his forehead against mine. His breathing is heavy but soft as the hot air hits my face. "But who have you given your heart to? The monster or the man?" His voice is deep yet smooth in a tone I have never heard from him before. His question startles me until I look into his eyes. They're black. Completely black. Like two pools of tar. He's having a relapse and yet I don't feel threatened. "Maybe the monster is in the man. Or maybe, just maybe, the man is the monster. Either way, they both want you." I open my mouth to respond but no words come out, instead I am cut off by Peeta's lips on top of mine as he moves in on me. He kisses me in a way he has never kissed me before. His lips are strong and dominant as he completely takes over. He's not holding back. Surprisingly, I find myself not pulling away but rather deepening the kiss and pushing myself up against him to get closer. It's like we have been completely deprived of each other and we're trying to get the most out of this kiss. If I am honest with myself, I have been craving his touch. The cold pearl against my lips was just a poor attempt at replacing his warm and soft lips. Our kiss on the beach has left me greedy. My heart burns inside my chest from lack of oxygen but also from the intensity of the passion. The burning is much more intense than anything I've ever felt by his kiss. It feels like I'm going to become putty in his hands and completely melt into his embrace. It's a feeling I don't want to ever go away. His dark eyes. His smooth voice. His warm touch. His soft lips. His strong body. He is the perfect embodiment of seduction and lust. And I want more. I need more. Suddenly the sound of the door slamming open followed by the stomping of boots pulls me back to reality. Several guards followed by Prim and Haymitch rush into the room. "Back away from the girl!" One of the guards demands. Peeta pulls away from me but I find myself still reaching for him. He puts his hands in the air and backs away slowly. His eyes never leave mine and his face holds a crooked but confident smile. "Don't worry I didn't touch her. At least, not in the way I wanted to." He adds in a quiet whisper that only I can hear. I'm in a complete daze as the guards pull him away and cuff him to his bed. Prim and Haymitch quickly approach me. "I'm sorry, Katniss. I saw him jump at you and ran to get the guards." Prim apologizes. "Katniss, what were you thinking?" Haymitch demands. I ignore their questions and keep my attention on Peeta. It's as if I'm in a hypnotic-like state as I stare into his dark eyes and find myself unable to look away. He licks his lips as he stares back at me and I unconsciously find myself doing the same. My lips crave his own and my body aches for him to be near me again. My thoughts are consumed with curiosity at what more he wanted to do to me and I'm surprised at my eagerness to know. It feels like I am a puppet tied down by invisible strings and he is the puppeteer controlling my every move. He has complete control over my mind and body. And I'm okay with that. This is a side of Peeta I've never seen or experienced before. Haymitch told me to stop treating him like a monster but I'd be lying if I said I didn't love that monster. A sudden thought surfaces to my mind that takes over all others. A thought that scares me. Peeta is both the monster and the man. So who am I in love with? The monster? Or the man? A/N: Thanks for reading! If you like what you read than favorite, comment, or check out my other stories!