sorts. "What's wrong?" I ask. "I'm still mad about our girl tribute this year," he says, "A twelve year old, Haymitch! How fair is that?" "How fair is anything," I retort, amazed that after all these years Chaff can still get worked up over this. "We had a twelve year old too, but her sister volunteered." "Yeah, I've seen that. Brave. And you've put on quite a show too." Chaff pours us both a glass of liquor. "Do you think she'll get past the Cornucopia bloodbath?" "Who's to tell, she's gutsy." I say while I take the drink he hands me. "I'll find out in the next couple of days." "What? You're not going to spend them inebriated?" Chaff chuckles. "No, slightly less inebriated," I say, "I made a deal with them." "With both of them?" Chaff says surprised. "Yeah, they're quite a pair." The door opens and Finnick enters. Behind him comes a young man with short brown hair, wearing simple black clothes. "What's this?" I exclaim, "What do you think you're doing, Finnick?" "He's okay," Finnick says as he holds up his hands defensively. "He's in on it." "Who are you?" I scowl at the newcomer. He extends his hand to me and I take it reluctantly. "I'm Cinna. I'm District Twelve's new stylist, together with my partner, Portia." He tells me. "Haymitch," I say shortly, "Why are you here?" "Finnick told me about your group. I want to be part of it. I know there's nothing we can do yet. But enlarging the group of rebels is a start." Cinna tells me, "And I can do something too, as a stylist." I laugh dismissively. "You can't do squat." I sneer at him. "Why are you here anyway? You're supposed to pretty up my tributes." "I'm on my way there now," Cinna says. "I'll see you tonight." I roll my eyes at Finnick after Cinna leaves. "Was that really necessary?" I ask, "Are you sure he's safe?" "I'm sure," Finnick says. "He hired me for a night last year. We've talked all night and he explained that there are more of them here in the Capitol. More people who are willing to fight! One of them even made it to Gamemaker." "You're kidding!" Chaff says, "Who's he?" "His name is Plutarch Heavensbee," Finnick says, "Cinna is not entirely sure if it's just a rumor though." "It's promising," Chaff says, "People from the Capitol. They can destabilize the system from the inside out." "Don't get your hopes up," I grumble. The tributes parade is the same every year. Thousands of people gathered in the City Circle to cheer on this year's tributes. Broadcast all over the country. I'm moody because my stylist insisted on putting me in a suit that's too tight and I haven't had enough to drink. I'm trying to keep my promise to the kids, but it's harder than I thought. Then again, there's something about them that makes me motivated. Although I'm still not sure what it is. Maybe it's because they're feisty, maybe this odd stylist, Cinna, has something to do with it too. I can't put a name to the feeling though, because it's so unfamiliar. When the chariots come out I take a careful look at all the tributes to see what they're up against. The careers look good and brutal as always. The rest of them is just a bunch of scared children. The chariot of Eleven carries the twelve year old girl Chaff was so upset about. She doesn't stand a chance, but the boy on the other hand. He's huge. Definitely the one to beat, even for the careers. Then Katniss and Peeta appear and I'm stunned by the sight of them. District Twelve's tributes always look horrible in black jumpsuits that don't even look good on someone like Finnick. But this year, this year is totally different. They're on fire, both of them. Looking absolutely amazing. This Cinna guy is certainly promising. What sticks to me the most though, is that they're holding hands. Making them look like friends instead of enemies. They make a good pair. Against my own will, I'm thinking it again. After the opening ceremony I go to the training center where the tributes stay in the short time before they're thrown into the arena. When I arrive on the twelfth floor everybody else is already sitting at the dining table and the first course is being served. During dinner I compliment Cinna and his fellow stylist, Portia on their excellent job. Effie's being less annoying as usual, probably because she's enthusiastic too about the fiery debut of our tributes. When we've finished dinner we move to the sitting room where the recap of the tributes parade is shown on television. As Katniss and Peeta appear I notice again how their hands are glued together. "Who's idea was the hand holding?" I ask. "Cinna's," says Portia. "Just the perfect touch of rebellion," I nod at him. "Very nice." Then I turn to the kids, "Tomorrow morning is the first training session. Meet me for breakfast and I'll tell you exactly how I want you to play it. Now go get some sleep while the grown-ups talk." I watch them leave the room together and turn to Cinna. "I mean it, very nice, Cinna." I tell him. "We've made matching clothes for them to wear during training as well." Cinna says, "What do you think about their odds?" I shrug, "I'm not sure, but I think this whole 'making them look like friends' thing is going to be a good tactic." "Did they know each other before the reaping?" Portia asks. "I have no idea." I tell her honestly. "It's not likely, he's merchant, she's Seam. But they seem to have a connection." I order another glass of wine and sit back on the couch. Thinking about our next move. The idea is starting to take more form in my head, but will it work?