pretty small. There are two beds parallel to each other and a dresser at the foot of each one. Against the wall next to the door is a single desk where Madge has her laptop set up. Madge's side of the room is clean with her floral bedsheets neatly tucked in. She has a rug in between the two beds and little figurines as well as trinkets rest on the top of her dresser. Compared to her side, mine just looks very vacant with an empty mattress and nothing in or on top of my dresser. I move first to put a few personal belongings on top of my dresser. A picture of my family (me, my younger sister, Prim, my mother, and my late father) is what goes on top of it first. Next to it I place a smaller picture of Gale and I when we were younger and played together in our hometown. I move to the bed next, pulling blankets out of my suitcase to make it. Madge moves to help me and although I'm grateful for the help, I know it's just a way for her to make conversation with me. As expected, she speaks when we're halfway through the act. "So how are you liking it here so far?" she asks. "It's…fun…" I say. No other word can really describe how I feel. I don't hate it but it's also not the best thing right now. Madge laughs. "Yeah, that's what I figured you'd say. You seem like the solitary type. If that is the case, why move here?" "Comfort," I answer. "And because I have a housing scholarship so I figured I may as well use it here since it's the most expensive." She nods. "I can understand that." We lapse into silence but it isn't awkward at all. I can tell already that I'm going to like living with Madge. I try to think of something to say to her but the thought of her old roommate comes back to my mind and I can't stop my curiosity. "I noticed the other nameplate was crossed out," I said. "Annie told me her name was Lavinia? What happened to her?" Madge seemed hesitant to say anything. "Lavinia is… gone." "As in dead?" I asked bluntly and then winced when I heard myself say it. "Sorry. I mean, she passed away?" Madge shook her head. "No. Gone as in disappeared." To say that was not what I expected was an understatement. Someone had literally… disappeared off campus? And I was going here last semester so why hadn't I heard about it? Something like this should have been televised, right? "Why doesn't anyone know about this?" I asked. "Part of it is because Lavinia's family doesn't want the publicity. The other part is because Dean Snow said he'd take care of it and that there was no need to involve the press." I nodded and didn't ask anything more. The entire situation was weird and a little off-putting to say the least. How was the dean going to take care of a girl's disappearance on his own? Involving the police was supposed to help. Madge seemed uncomfortable with the conversation at this point so I let her off the hook. "Sorry for asking. I'm probably gonna take a nap though so why don't you go help stop Glimmer and Clove from arguing?" She seemed relieved and bid me farewell as she all but ran out of the room. I made a mental note not to ask about Lavinia ever again. Besides, it was none of my business anyway. I leaned back and closed my eyes. This was going to be a long semester. tbc A/N: So guess who just seen Mockingjay Part 2? Not once, but twice! And the first thing that came to my mind is that I needed to make something happy. Nevermind the fact that I threw in some mystery about Lavinia, hahaha... Anyway! This fic is going to start off Galeniss but it WILL end Everlark. There's no question about it, no competition, no voting. Everlark and a few other pairings that will become obvious later will be what's at the end. Nevertheless, thank you for reading and I hope you stick around for the next chapter! preview Gale pulls one of my overloaded suitcases into the room, apparently having no regard for the desk which is obviously in his way. I'm guessing he didn't see it in time because my suitcase unfortunately knocks noisily into Madge and I's shared desk, knocking several of her cute figurines that she'd moved there to the floor. "Oops." he says, but can't say anything more as Madge stomps past him, picking up one of her figures. She pats its head a little obsessively and does a quick look over it to make sure it isn't broken before whirling around to yell at Gale. "How dare you show this much disregard for another person's belongings!" I've only been here for a few days but I'd already determined that it wasn't possibly for Madge to get angry. Until now that is. With the look she's giving Gale, I'm surprised my boyfriend hasn't dropped dead yet. I see Gale's face morphing into a glare and I step between them. "Hey! Let's just get my stuff in, okay?" I say, looking between the two of them. "Bitch." Gale mutters under his breath and I freeze because another thing I've learned in the past few days is that Madge has impeccable hearing. She could hear Annie's whispers from the common room, doing her mantras so there's no way she couldn't hear Gale's comment with being only a few feet away. I saw it coming a mile away but I didn't stop it because although I loved Gale, he'd set himself on a path that I didn't think was even possible. Slap. next chapter : Gale comes to move the rest of Katniss' stuff in and meets her new suitemates!