still a curious thing despite not being completely there. I am proud when I can answer her simple questions without struggling too much, and I see Sae's smile even though she tries to hide it. She starts frying up some of the salted deer meat I have in the fridge, and I continue to work on the book under the watchful eye of Sae's granddaughter. It is not until that the little girl curls up on the sofa in the other room and falls asleep that Sae says, "Peeta is in District 12." I drop my pencil at Peeta's name, and my hands immediately grip the table. My knuckles whiten as I fight to maintain composure. I am in no danger of crying, but I am in no position to act nonchalant at the news of Peeta being back in District 12. Back in District 12. Sae does not acknowledge the dropped pencil or my white-knuckled hands. She continues cooking, and I notice she cooks almost the whole bunch of meat before I am able to respond. "H-he's back?" My voice sounds alien, so different from when I talked with Sae's granddaughter, and I am surprised when it cracks. Sae nods, ignoring the hoarseness of my voice like I ignored her in the beginning of my recovery. "Yeah, just back from the . . . well, what used to be the Capitol." She nods again, smiling softly as if recalling a fond memory. She continues telling me of Peeta, of how he spent all these past months in a rehabilitation center trying to recover all that he lost. "He looks good," she says as she fries up the last bit of meat, "almost back to normal. The way he looked before. It amazed me when I saw him across the street the other day, while you were out in the woods. He was talking to Haymitch, and he did not notice me. He wouldn't, you know, as he never really knew me. But I recognized him. He and Haymitch looked to be having a big discussion - not heated or anything, but something important." Her eyes are far away as she tells me her story, and mine are glued to her mouth as if I could see the words escaping it, as if I could will the words onto the papers in front of me to make sure I am hearing her right. "I had stopped walking and had stared at him like he was a ghost. Of course, he did not notice. And when he was done with his discussion, he just walked back into his house and shut the door behind him. The chimney has been smoking ever since. Suppose he's making bread in there? I'm no baker, so I hope he is. It'll be nice to have something edible to put the meat on." Sae falls silent, and it is clear that her story is over. I am numb afterwards, unseeing and unfeeling. I pick up the pencil I dropped and close up the book, place the pencil gently on top, and wait patiently for Sae to finish up and leave, though I have no idea what I am going to do after she goes. She picks up her sleeping granddaughter after packaging up the meat and says goodnight the same way she does every other day, but this time there is a smile on her face that I cannot explain. When she leaves she does not lock the door. I stare at the closed door, thoughts racing and heart pounding. Beyond that door, down those steps, across the street is the house that has Peeta, alive and well and healthy and rehabilitated . The thought of Peeta back to normal terrifies me and excites me. The thought of Peeta seeking help while I spent my time crying out my misfortunes makes me feel guilty . While I wallowed in self-pity, not thinking of Peeta or how he was doing or where he was, he spent his time getting better, and just weeks ago I worried over whether or not he was okay. My feet move before my brain. I am walking to my door before I can stop myself, opening it before I can think where I am going. This is crazy, Katniss! My mind is screaming at me to think about this, to think this through, but I ignore it dutifully. I can see Peeta's smoking chimney, see the lights of his kitchen on, see flashes of life that had not been there before. I could see Peeta with just a few simple steps, and my heart jumps in absolute elation at the thought. I could see Peeta within the next couple minutes. I could see Peeta within the next couple minutes. However, I am not allowed to just ponder seeing Peeta. Because I walk the few simple steps from my door and turn to my right when I see movement out of the corner of my eyes. My body instantly goes into attack mode, and my hand automatically reaches towards my back, to where my arrows would be, when I see Peeta, shirt covered in dark soil, standing next to a row of freshly-planted primroses with another bush in his hands. He saw me before I saw him, but my gasp at his presence makes him jump nonetheless. "Hello Katniss," he says cautiously after a moment. My mouth continues to gape, and my heart races like a hummingbird's wing in my chest. Before I know what I am doing, I am running back into my house, racing up the stairs and flying into my room where I know I will alone. I put as many walls as I can between us, needing time to think and to breathe and to recover from my shock upon seeing his face for the first time in months. But I do not lock any of the doors separating us. FIN A/N: Hope you enjoyed. All mistakes are mine.