he is still in the room. But the sparkle is gone from his eyes. He squeezes them shut and his face contorts in pain. Before the flashback can flush out the rest of Peeta's lucidity, he is able to choke out, "Leave, Katniss." But I could never leave him like this. I could never leave him in such pain no matter how much danger I am in. Instead, I slide closer to him, and gently stroke the back of his hand. Peeta's grip on the edge of the table doesn't loosen whatsoever. I move my hand to his forehead, where tiny beads of sweat are forming. I sweep the hair out of his face. My touch seems to soothe him minutely, but he is still panting and gripping the table for dear life. Before I can stop myself, I press my lips to the back of his hand, and slowly work my way up to his forehead. I want to whisper calming words, tell him that I'm right here and I would never hurt him. I only want to protect him. But he's too far gone, and I'm too afraid he'll attack me before I can even finish the sentence. So I caress him and wait while he fights back the Capitol's hold on him. He opens his eyes, but it's clear he's not there. His panting has stopped, but his calm demeanor scares me more than ever. Peeta stands, shaking my hands off his body. I do the only thing I can think of to bring him back to me. It's probably not the best idea, but it's the only one I have. I begin to murmur comforting words. "Peeta, I'm not going to hurt you. This isn't real. Peeta, this isn't real. Look at me, I'm not going to hurt you." I don't have to act vulnerable, I already am. Slowly, his breathing becomes labored again. His eyes squeeze shut, and I pray that my words have the desired effect on him. That some part of Peeta registers that it wasn't real. When his eyes open again, I know I'm safe. Peeta's eyes are no longer void of emotion and he seems exhausted, like the flashback has drained him of all the energy in his body. We sit for a while, just looking at each other. Speechless. Finally, he whispers, "I'm sorry." I only shake my head. "Never." We continue to look at each other without saying a word until Peeta stands. He mumbles something about checking up on Haymitch while gathering his basket, and leaves as quietly and suddenly as he entered. Before I can think too hard about tonight's encounter with Peeta, I run upstairs and get ready for bed. Emotionally, today has been especially draining. I stupidly assume that because today has been so exhausting that the nightmares won't be as bad. I assume that I can somehow fall into the same dreamless slumber I slept in last night. But of course that's not in the cards for me tonight. Tonight's nightmare is familiar, but it also takes a new edge. I recognize that I am lying at the bottom of the familiar grave that haunts my dreams. As the first perished loved one steps up with a shovel full of ashes to throw on me, another face comes into view at the other side of the grave. Puzzled, Peeta looks on as the line of my perished friends and family begins to throw ashes on me, and I scream in horror as I am buried alive. Soon enough, he realizes what is happening. "Katniss! Katniss, I've got you! I'm going to save you, I promise," he cries. Peeta drops to his stomach and extends an arm to me, but I'm already halfway buried. Our fingers are connected, but it's no use. There is no way Peeta could possibly pull me out of the ashes no matter how hard he tried. He lifts himself off the ground as I'm almost completely buried. The last thing I see before the ashes are thrown over my eyes is Peeta's body falling into the ashes with me. The screams stifled by ashes in my dream fade into blood-curdling ones in reality. Without thinking, I run over to my window to check on Peeta's house. It seems my startlingly loud screech has alarmed him, because I see him staring back at me through his window. Something in my expression must have frightened him, because he vanished from view. I don't have much time to wonder where he went before I hear my front door open and Peeta's footsteps run up my stairs. Neither of us says a word, but Peeta instantly knows to wrap his arms around me. His body heat seeps through both of our thin layers of clothes, and I allow my muscles to relax for the first time in a very long time. He guides me to the bed and covers me up. As he pulls away, I catch his forearm between my hands. "You can't leave me," I beg. "I wouldn't," he responds, and gently pulls his arm out of my reach. I feel my cheeks heat up in a blush as I realize he was only leaving me to slide in on the other side of the bed. I am amazed at the way we fit perfectly together. We wrap our arms around each other and I tuck my head in the space below his chin. He strokes my arms with the backs of his fingers and presses his lips to my hair. A sense of déjà vu washes over me when I hear him whisper, "It wasn't real, Katniss. It wasn't real." As I drift back to sleep with my broken boy in my arms, I allow myself to hope that maybe he still loves me back. And maybe we could heal together. Maybe, just maybe, we could put each other back together. Thanks for reading! Reviews, etc. would be greatly appreciated. :)