me as I sleep. I need to see your bright smile in the early mornings when I wake up. I need to hear your soothing words just to balance my jumbled thoughts. I need to feel your lips against mine, and I need to feel that now!" In one swift motion he has me pinned against the tree with both arms on either side of me. His eyes are filled with desire as he bites his lip and stares at me. Our chests press together with every heavy breath we take. His actions are uncharacteristic and intense, and are probably his darker side coming out, but I'd be lying if I said it didn't excite me. Is this built-up lust I didn't know I had for him? "Please don't tempt me Katniss. You have no idea the effect you have on me." "I don't think you realize the effect you have on me ." I pull his face into mine, "But I need to feel that effect." Without another word he presses his lips against mine. It's a sad moment, really. There's nothing romantic about it. We're not somewhere special like in the meadow back home. We're not clean and dressed up for the other like in our Capitol interviews. We're not even considered completely sane anymore. Instead, we are in the middle of a rebellion with the risk of being captured at any moment. We smell of sweat and dirt and look as if we've aged ten years. We are no longer clothed in the finest fabrics but rather weighed down by heavy battle gear. We may not even belong to each other any more. No, we are simply just a boy and a girl who are trying to make the most out of a tragic situation. Trying to take back what was once ours. Each other. His body begins to shake from the venom so I grab his face with my hands to keep him steady. Eventually he relaxes and grabs me by the waist and pushes me against the tree as his kiss deepens. I twirl the back of his hair with my fingers as they get tangled in his blonde curls. His lips fit perfectly into mine and move as if he was never taken from me. My head feels dizzy and if he wasn't holding me, I'm sure I would have fallen by now. Most people say you see fireworks when you kiss the one you love; well I'm seeing fireworks mixed with explosions topped with fire. That warm feeling I felt on the beach has now intensified and is practically burning through my chest; giving a whole new meaning to being the Girl on Fire. His lips slowly move from mine and gently trace my jawline down to my neck. He's never gone this far but I'm going to allow it. It feels so incredibly good, how could I not? I didn't realize how deprived I was of him or how desperate I am for his touch. This is so much better than the nights I spent tracing his pearl around my lips. I laugh as his lips reach a tickle spot on my neck. Eventually, my lips begin to crave him again so I grab a handful of his shirt and force him to the ground so that I am on top of him. He laughs at my forcefulness so I capture his lips with mine again. Like a gentlemen, his hands stay on my back and never explore anywhere else; whereas my hands have a mind of their own. I run my hands down his arms and trace the outline of his muscles until I reach his chest. I quickly try to remove his uniform but grow frustrated at how secure everything is. He quickly breaks out of the kiss, giving us time to catch our breath. He grabs my hands and removes them from his shirt as he gently kisses them. "Not here. Not like this. I want that moment to be special, when I can finally call you my wife." I feel embarrassed by my actions (maybe I have a dark side of my own), but of course, Peeta doesn't criticize me. I wrap my arms around him and lean into his chest. I smile at the thought of being a wife. His wife. The one thing I never wanted but now actually consider, and for a moment, I feel complete bliss. He kisses the top of my head and finally stands up, helping me up along the way. "You need to get some sleep. Can't have the Mockingjay falling asleep on the job." He says with a teasing smile. "You know I won't get any sleep. Not without you. Will you lie with me?" "It's not safe. Who knows when my flashbacks will occur, I could fall asleep with you tonight and attack you in the morning." I stare at him with pleading eyes, begging him to allow it. He lets out a sigh. "Fine. I'll stay with you until you fall asleep then I'll go to my tent." "Deal." I say with a smile. I grab him by the hand and lead him into my tent. I can tell he's nervous by the way he looks around so I plant a soft kiss on his cheek to calm his nerves. He climbs under the sleeping bag with me and it reminds me of the cold nights we spent in the cave. He wraps his arms around me as I lay my head on his chest. In a matter of minutes I can feel my body begin to relax as my eyes grow heavy. Before I know it, I'm dreaming of mine and Peeta's wedding. We are standing in our fiery Quarter Quell parade costumes as we share our first kiss as husband and wife while the sky is filled with fireworks and explosions erupt around us. Yeah, Peeta really doesn't know the effect he can have on me.