days. She held up the platter as if it offered all of the explanation needed. At Peeta's raised eyebrow, she flushed slightly. "I went hunting today. I already took Haymitch some meat, and I thought maybe you'd want some as well?" There was something in Peeta's eyes that Katniss couldn't identify, something that she'd seen yesterday as well. Something from the old Peeta, and not the new one that she was still struggling to know. "That sounds great." Peeta smiled, and though it was small, it was genuine. "Do you want to come in? We can eat together. I haven't had dinner yet." "Me either," Katniss voiced as she followed Peeta awkwardly into the house. She glanced curiously around the place as she followed Peeta toward the kitchen. She was struck not for the first time how similar yet different it was to hers. There almost seemed to be less ghosts here. Less signs of former occupants who were now gone. She could barely make out the shape of canvases in the dark living room as they passed. Many times since she learned of his return Katniss had wondered what Peeta was painting these days, but no matter how hard she strained her eyes, she couldn't make anything out. Peeta seemed oblivious to Katniss's snooping, even when she entered the kitchen later than someone directly following him should have. He was digging through a cabinet, and after some clanging, he pulled away with two plates in his hands. He offered her a smile as he laid one in front of the place Katniss had claimed. The one Peeta clearly hadn't been using recently. Peeta turned his back to her before Katniss could even decide whether or not to smile back. She watched him curiously, even as she set to work dividing up their simple dinner. He was back at the cabinet, only this time he pulled out two glasses that he quickly filled with water from the faucet. He came and sat one in front of her without comment. "Thank you," she muttered quietly as he sat down across from her. Her eyes had come to firmly rest on the plate in front of her, and she didn't look up to see if Peeta had begun eating or not. Instead, she set to work on her own plate and relished the first protein she'd had in several days. "This is good." Katniss looked up in surprise. Peeta, who was still eating the meat he had just complimented, didn't seem to notice her gaze. She hadn't done anything special. Anyone with a brain knew how to heat meat all the way through. It wasn't as if she had added any of those spices or sauces the Capitol always used. "Thank you," she finally said with a small hesitant smile. It had probably been too late to seem like a natural response, but after her brain had processed it, Katniss figured that was what she was supposed to say. Peeta seemed to hear the hesitation in her voice and finally looked up at her with a smile that she hadn't seen since his hijacking. This one wasn't as cautious. It was playful and had a bit of an edge to it. He also made eye contact with her for the first time that day, and Katniss could feel the heat rushing across her cheeks. Katniss went to take another bite and was startled when she found that her plate was empty. She knew that Peeta would be suppressing a smirk if she looked, so she reached for her glass instead and took a long drink of water. "How was the woods then?" Peeta asked once Katniss had set the glass back down. "Good." Katniss shrugged. "Same as always." Such a simple response, but they both knew how rare "same" was these days. Peeta nodded as he gathered up his now empty plate along with Katniss's and took them to the sink. "It must be nice." He spoke with his back to her as he washed the dishes. Katniss thought she should probably help, but she was enjoying the bit of relaxation that came with having his back to her. "Having a place that's familiar, I mean." Katniss didn't want to do this, but she forced herself to breathe deeply before answering. "I suppose. Bit haunting though." Peeta nodded as he moved on to drying the plates. The only sound for several minutes was the clanking of dishes as Peeta stored them away where they usually sat. Katniss had downed the rest of her water for lack of anything better to do, and she almost hoped that Peeta would decide to wash the glass as well so his eyes would remain off of her. Instead, he took his seat directly across from her again. He was watching her closely, as if just waiting for her to decide to leave. They had nothing to say to each other. Each one knew of the continuous thoughts the other had, and neither one had anything remarkable that could usurp that. Katniss knew she ought to go back to her own house and sleep, lock herself up alone again as she had for days, but something in Peeta's gaze held her to the seat. Being here was useless. She might as well leave, but too much of her wanted to stay. After all, being anywhere was useless, so she might as well be useless with Peeta. "I think we'll be okay." Katniss gasped as she looked back up at Peeta. He was watching her with an intense expression that left Katniss taken aback. It was the surest she'd seen him since before the hijacking, and she wondered when the old Peeta had started returning, how long she'd been missing it in her avoidance. She nodded her agreement, not knowing how to voice it. They would be okay. Never completely whole again. Quite possibly never completely happy. But okay they could do eventually. They could be okay. Together.