my toes. Its almost like walking in snow. I guess I need new socks or something, these must be too thin. A lot of the shops have begun to close- dusk on a Sunday still has meaning for these people, and as the sun begins to set I see the old fashioned wrought-iron street lamps turn on one by one. Mellark's Cafe is one of few storefronts brightly lit. It even seems busy. The bell on the handle rings happily as I step in. Most of the tables are filled, and I notice a few people look up from their conversations to look at me. I want to yell "yes its me Katniss Everdeen. I moved to town. Now mind your own business" but instead I saunter up to the front counter. "Hey Katniss! Back for some more of my buns?" Peeta smirks with an eyebrow raised. I stifle my giggle as I shake my head. "Nah I'm just bored." "Might I recommend the veggie cream cheese? I made it myself this morning. Oh on a delicious sun dried tomato bagel..." I smile and nod. He waves at me as I take out my wallet. "Katniss no, this one's on me." I ignore him as I take out some cash, which of course he won't take. "My shift is just about over. My brothers just got here for the evening shift. How about I make myself a matching bagel and I join you." I shrug my shoulders wordlessly signaling a yes. After he grabbed his coat and our bagels, he lead me outside, waving a few goodbyes to some nosy customers. I don't ask where we are walking, and just focus on the delicious food in my hands. I didn't realize how hungry I was. We walk to the end of the main street and I see a small park. The church lies next to the park fence and a cemetery sits on the other side of the small worship building. The park is cheerfully lit with some vintage lightbulbs on wire and a few pendant flags hang parallel to them with the mascot of the local high school printed on them. He sits at a cozy looking wooden picnic bench and I follow suit. He places his bagel on the table and pulls something out of his leather jacket pocket. He places it into his mouth and flicks a lighter in front of it. "Cigarette?" He mutters through clenched teeth. I shake my head no. I didn't take Peeta for a smoker. Gale and I used to smoke menthols when we drank, but I hadn't drank in a while. Peeta nods and puts the pack back in his jacket, exhaling smoke and through his nose. "So why are you back? Like for real why." His cheerful demeanor from the cafe is no where to be seen. "I-I'm not sure." I wasn't ready for such a blunt question from him. I suppose I could call him a friend, but I hadn't seen him since we were children. He nods in understanding. He brushes his hand through his blonde hair, glowing in the light from the wires. "Sorry for being so direct. I was just curious." He takes a large bite from his bagel and closes his eyes. "Your mother showed up here a few years ago without a word. Put Prim in the schools. Ignored me whenever I asked about you. Been asking about you for years." He wipes his mouth against his leather sleeve. "Yeah. Its...complicated." "I know." He puts his hand up to my chin and turns my head towards him. Again I'm surprised by his directness. His eyes are looking right through me, even in this dim light they're neon blue. He seems to be searching me for something. What is he trying to learn from me? My head starts to hurt again. He pulls the cigarette from his mouth and turns to exhale. I'm sad to see his eyes leave mine. "Sorry bout the smoke." He says as he turns away. I'm frozen on the bench. That was the hottest exchange I've ever had with anyone. I have goosebumps. Where the hell did silly Peeta go and who is this serious bad boy in the leather jacket? "A lot of people turn to vices in a town like this. Smoking, drinking, its a great way to pass the time." He throws his finished butt under the bench and finishes his bagel. I still don't know how to carry this conversation, but he seems content with me just listening. "You got a phone?" He whispers. I nod and pull the Nokia out from my mother's jacket. "Do me a favor..." he says as he takes it and starts punching the key pad. "You call me if you ever need to." Peeta walked me to the foot of my hill in an awkward silence. I could feel him watch me walk back up to my grandparent's house, and I could smell him smoking another cigarette. Something was just so off about what just happened. Shouldn't we have hung out at the park like a couple of young twenty-somethings? Eat a bagel, maybe even grab a beer like he suggested earlier? Did he sit me down in the park to warn me about something? Why the hell was I so turned on by this creepy stalker version of Peeta? I pulled off my mom's jacket and placed my phone in my back pocket. The house was exactly like I left it before, Prim still in her room, a messy pot in the sink. I ran upstairs and into my room. I felt my phone vibrate. Text me when you're in your room. It's Peeta...I slip my shoes off and begin typing when I notice something is different. I could have sworn I left my light on. Its dark outside now and I fumble to my desk when I realize just how different it is. The lamp is unplugged again.