have to be so damn stubborn?" "I don't like it when people force me to do things that I don't want to do!" I hiss at him. "Too damn bad Katniss. I am not going to sit there and watch you be miserable because he left you." Gale hissed back at me and threw his book bag he had been carrying to the ground. He kneeled down and unzipped it, pulling out a knife and snare gear. I usually kept my bow and arrows in the woods because they were too dangerous to be left in my house. I just wasn't comfortable leaving them there with my family and friends nearby. "Act like you care." I spit out. Gale raised his eyebrows, "What are you talking about? I care about you a hell of a lot more than you deserve." "You are thrilled Gale. I can see it in your eyes." I say sarcastically. The volume of my voice began to raise and so did his. "What the hell are you talking about Katniss?" He questions with a shout. "This is what you wanted all along isn't it? Him out of my life? Well here you go; he is gone." I really should not be being mean to him like this, but my emotions were rocketing and I was outraged at him for making me come out here when all I wanted to do was go home and curl up in a ball. I knew it was an unhealthy thing to do, but it seemed like it was the best option at the moment. "I thought we put that behind us." Gale brought his voice down to a normal level and looked at me with such a sorrowful expression. "I thought so to, but obviously you are not able to take your eyes off of me for only a second!" I yell at him. "Do you even hear yourself? What is wrong with you Katniss?" "WHAT IS WRONG? I'LL TELL YOU WHATS WRONG! I miscarried my baby with the help of his father, my fiancée left me to go to the capitol to search for a cure that has been slowly torturing him for so many years and the peacekeeper issue seems to be getting worse and worse every day." I raised my voice louder, echoing the whole forest, "I WON'T DO THIS AGAIN I WON'T" "You won't have to do anything, okay? Paylor will take care of it." He yelled with just as much volume in his voice as mine. I wanted to stop talking to him about this. Gale just didn't get how I felt; he just doesn't get that I don't function well without Peeta. I wrapped my arms around my chest and began walking towards the Victor's Village. I didn't want to hunt today and Dammit... Gale was not going to make me. He cut me off by stepping in front of me and placing his strong arms against my shoulders. "Let's go find a deer." Gale orders again. "I really don't want to." I mumbled with an edge to my voice. Gale threw his hands up in the air in frustration. "What you want to mope around all day, feeling sorry for yourself just because he left you for a good reason?" Gale was being hard on me because he cared so much about me that I knew for a fact. I could feel the tears start to rise up again as I turned my back on him and took a seat on the hard forest floor. I placed my head on my knees and the sobbing began. I couldn't help that I was broken beyond repair. Nothing besides Peeta could fix me. I needed to be beside him, I needed to be in his safe arms, but that was impossible. He was never going to touch me again, hold me again or even kiss me again. He couldn't forgive himself for abusing me that night when he tossed me down the large flight of stairs. I tried to tell him over and over that it was not his fault that he didn't need to pack his things, but my words didn't stop him and he left on the train station with Haymitch and Effie. If loosing Peeta wasn't enough, I had to lose Haymitch too. Haymitch was my father-figure and one of my best friends. Gale crouched down beside my weeping form and pulled me into a gentle hug. My head hit his chest and I began to imagine and pretend that I was in Peeta's arms. "Mellark loves you, alright? He fricking loves you. You have to stay strong for him." He said quietly. "I know...I just...I can't do it!" I sobbed. "Stop it now, Katniss." He forced me to my feet and wiped the tears that were forming in my eyes. I leaned against him and allowed more to flow down my face. Gale let me cry for the longest time before scooping me up into his arms and heading back to the house for lunch. We obviously didn't catch anything; it was kind of a mistake that he had brought me out here. I knew my best friend was just trying to help, but I was broken beyond repair and the only one that could help me was Peeta and he was beyond reach. Gale set me on my feet before reaching the house. He patted me on the shoulder and entered my living room with me trailing behind him. I kicked off my shoes and went straight up to bed, never making eye contact with Gale or the others as I bolted upstairs and curled up on the bed. I curled up on his side and my mind began to wander, it wasn't long before I fell into a deep sleep. But before I did go to sleep, my last thought was, how was I going to escape District 12 and begin my journey to the capitol? To be continued...