her say his name. It's not to him and he isn't supposed to hear it, but for a boy who's been told he steps loudly he's become a ghost. They don't notice that he's in Haymitch's house. The man is dripping and drunk with his knife in his hands and she, she stands there and she is beautiful. It hurts. He stands there and takes her in for a bit. It's the closest they've been in –– in –– how long? A long time. He would let himself think too long but he can't because he's sure that she thinks not long enough . She's gained some weight, more than she had even before the games, but she's still too skinny. Her hair is dark and the braid that he sees flying as she runs away from him in his nightmares hangs farther down her back. He can read the nightmares in the shadows under her eyes. He can read the demons in the way she holds herself, or rather in the way she doesn't hold herself. He wonders what her nightmares are, what she thinks when a sibling places a hand on her back just in a friendly gesture and ends up with a leering Tribute for just a second, ready to kill. He's surprised that he can talk, that he can even form a sentence, can even ask her a question and he says, "asked me what?" He doesn't remember the last thing he said aloud, let alone the last thing he said aloud to this girl. He watches her body tense by the sound of his voice as he steps further in and joins them in the room. There's a chill suddenly, or maybe it's just his heart freezing over and being cracked apart by this girl. Again. He allows her to do it, and he knows he'll continue allowing her to do so, over and over and over again. Ignoring the pain in his chest he sets the loaf of bread that was the reason he came over on the table and waits for Haymitch to hand over the knife in his hands. Haymitch does while explaining to Peeta how he woken him up without giving the old man pneumonia. The knife gets clean and he tries not to check to see if there's blood on this knife in his hands, because surely any knife he comes in contact with is dripping with all of his sins. Peeta Mellark hands over a piece to Haymitch to make sure the drunk has some food to soak up the liquor. And then he turns again to the girl, to Katniss Everdeen and offers her a piece. Everything between them is chipped and brittle, and the drunk voices it. Katniss disregards it and doesn't look at Peeta again as she leaves. Haymitch says some more to the boy but all he can see is that swinging braid as her figure leaves again, moves away from him, and he wonders how he feels like he loves her even more. It's sick, and it's not healthy. But this is what love is, Peeta Mellark realizes. He goes home alone and starts another painting of a lone dandelion being covered in snow and ice, giving into the winter of the earth around it. The painting is in the garbage before the sun rises. . . . . . . She runs towards him and it's snowing. She crushes him to her and he spins her like a top when she's in his arms. His mind is blank as the world blurs around them and all he can focus on is Katniss. He isn't the best with his prosthetic so they topple over. The cold ground is biting at his back but Katniss Everdeen lays atop of him and her smile can almost feel genuine. She's warm and he pushes away the hurt that comes from the thought of something genuine or not genuine with Katniss Everdeen by grabbing her face and bringing her lips down to his and tasting life for the first time in months. He can feel the cameras on them, can feel them in the way that Katniss kisses back. They part after a while and Katniss gets up. He wonders for a moment if she intends to just leave him in his yard and the snow, at the rate it's coming down he could be buried in it by the next day. But soon her hand is in front of him and she helps him up. He depends on it more than he wishes were true, his damn lack of a leg making him need the help that he's finally been given. Katniss smiles a thank you to him, a thank you for kissing her back and not giving her up despite the moss that's grown between them in the past six months. It's odd because she wasn't around before, she always had been away from him except for his time at the Capitol. But that place gave him the taste of what he's always wanted and made it feel more real than he could feel possible, and then she ripped it away herself. And suddenly not having Katniss Everdeen hurt that much more, her kisses and hand holding digging that much deeper into him. It's a vicious cycle, this new life, full of loneliness morphing into not real comfort morphing into emotional pain that feels physical that morphs into anger at her that morphs into anger at himself that morphs back to loneliness. This is what love is, Peeta Mellark knows, it's engrained into him. This is the only thing love will come to manifest within him, something that he knows will consume him in a fire that freezes him out. She kisses the corner of his mouth and her lips form a smile as she does it when they wait for their train. He tries to smile too. This is what love is. . . .