not listening to the ungrateful whelp any longer. Katniss. Nothing he says matters. Please don't fall apart. He is a thoughtless fool…" I stand up and nod. "Yes. He's making himself look good, just like he always did, all so wrapped up in sweetness, nobody knows how stupid he is. He damned sure didn't admit that he broke my heart this time. Or that the capitol destroyed the way he felt for me. He just blamed you. I know you don't love me. I just hope whoever she is, that she didn't see it and take it all wrong. I don't mean to embarrass you like that." I head to bed and give him a commiserating smile as I head up the stairs. ""Katniss, I…" he stops, eyes searching the room for something to say. "Don't worry Haymitch. I'm just mad at him. It's fine. Goodnight." I say raising my hand to save him the degradation of having to let me down gently or try to soften that we are just the farthest thing from possible that could exist romantically. I softly close my bedroom door, stuff my face into a pillow, and weep. He's not my boy with the bread any longer. My Peeta is really, truly, Annie's Peeta now. I lay awake in the darkness, slowly coaxing my heart to empty itself of Peeta and Gale, like a good emotionally unavailable woman should. It is late morning when I softly pad out of bed. I hear Haymitch talking, annoyed and in full blown sarcastic mode. "How do you suppose she took it? Trying to give the 74th a final victor after all, Peeta?" "Yes, very nice set up. I don't give a turds chance with a fly's tongue what you thought, you selfish little puke. It was my business, not yours. No, idiot, she has no idea and it just served your twisty little knife up on a gold platter to her. Of course I do. More than you will ever understand, but it doesn't matter. It isn't returned and I won't be as smarmy and manipulative as some people we can name." There is a long pause and I hold my breath in stillness, trying to understand this end of the conversation. His voice is low and mean, calmly cutting. "Well if humiliating her was your goal, your plan worked like a charm, dear boy. Give Annie my love. And my deepest sympathy. She's going to need it." The phone is again slammed down with too much force. I slink quietly in the room and lean on the door, as soundlessly as my hunter feet allow. He turns and sighs. "Shit," he mumbles, meeting my eyes and wilting with disgrace. "Thank you for yelling at him for me. I liked the one about turds. Now I think we better call Effie, she's probably been crying all night." I say with a knowing grin. His face gets a very stupid, confused look. "Why would we call her?" "Haymitch, if it's not Effie you love, then you should tell me. We need to do some damage control or you may lose her forever to his lie. He made it sound like we have, you know. I don't think one shower and a single kiss equal all he implied. I'm better now. You need to sweep her off her feet before someone else does. Effie was always good for you." I say with a genuine smile. He has the strangest look of betrayal on his face. It seems to physically hurt him that I have figured him out. "Oh, hell…" he shakes his head and laughs at the ceiling as if he's losing his mind. "Katniss, It isn't Effie. It never was." I shrug. "Ok, then who is it? Haymitch you need to go there. Right now. Today. You need to worry about you, just once. Please. I swear I'll be fine. I'm kicking you to the curb." He smiles sadly, "It won't work for me, sweetheart." "You're handsome and you kiss like a God. Why on earth do you think it won't work?" His eyes fill with tears and a smile flickers off and on as he looks at me shaking his head. "Because I don't need to go anywhere, sweetheart. You see, I brought her here with me." I blink in astonishment. He could not have just said Peeta's words to me. He could not have said that. He could not mean to say that Peeta knew before I did. "That's why you kissed me?" "Math was never your best subject." "You love me? Am I always the last to know?" "It would appear so, sweetheart." His voice is hoarse. He glares at me, waiting for my reply. I think about it all for a moment, the dots connecting, twisting and tacking me back to the world in a rush of amazement, gratitude and desire. "How long are you going to make me wait for the next kiss?" "As long as it takes to know you want one." "Now who's bad at math? Kiss me and if I like it enough, maybe I will let you give me another shower." He rushes to me as if I am about to faint and there is such confusion, love and pure terror there on his face, I laugh. His stomach contracts, as if sobs are trying to bubble from his chest instead of happiness. I give up and stand on my tiptoes trying to reach high enough to kiss him instead. "Sweetheart?" he says again before devouring me like Katniss pie. Haymitch and Katniss. We no longer find being abandoned and exiled in District Twelve much of a punishment. Peeta gets another call a few days later, this time from the emotionally unavailable one. Haymitch walks Johanna down the aisle and I wear a suit, not a dress, after all, I am the best friend. And they all lived happily ever after. The end. Still my favorite pair -please review