punching in Annie's password. "I liked it better when he was Finnick the Dick." "What's he want?" Annie asks tiredly; all she wants is to sleep. Johanna smirks at a few of the earlier messages but her eyes widen as she gets about halfway through them. She drops the phone like it's diseased. "Um, babe, I think those were for your eyes only. He's a bit, uh… Well, I'm not quite sure what to say, to be honest." Groaning, Annie reaches for the device. "God, he's not sexting me is he?" When she reads the messages, she almost screams. "I'm just gonna go," Johanna says, grabbing her bag and practically running for the door. "I'll leave you two lovebirds alone." [Cresta]{5:54pm} shit you weren't supposed to read that [Finnie]{5:55pm} ? you gave it to me? [Cresta]{5:58pm} that was only like the second draft [Cresta]{5:58pm} i gave you the wrong one [Cresta]{5:59pm} fuck [Cresta]{6:00pm} do you hate me? [Finnie]{6:03pm} nah it's actually kinda cute [Cresta]{6:04pm} god none of that's in the actual book i swear [Cresta]{6:05pm} i was really drunk when i wrote that [Finnie]{6:09pm} oh [Finnie]{6:09pm} okay [Finnie]{6:11pm} i can pretend i never read it [Cresta][6:13pm} please MAY, 2016 "Right," Johanna says. "Let me get this straight. You and Finnick kissed and you freaked out so bad you ignored him for a month or so, and then you basically scripted a porno about the two of you, but you're still claiming to have no feelings for him?" Annie nods. "You've got it." Stepping out of the taxi, Johanna laughs. "Well. I've come to the conclusion that you're actually a fifteen year old, socially awkward fangirl who should never, under any circumstances, be allowed to interact with real live humans, ever. We need to lock you up." "This is serious, Jo," Annie insists. "He read that stupid book months ago and he said he'd forget about it but now I swear he's imagining me naked every time he looks at me." Johanna snorts. "Babe, that's because he is imagining you naked," she says bluntly. "But he has been since he met you so I don't see the difference." "Jo!" "Okay, Annie, shut up for a second," Johanna says. "A year ago, I sort of believed you when you said that you guys are just friends. But only sort of, because even then you guys were acting so fucking in love and it was kind of sickening, but also really cute. Now? Not a chance. I'm not buying it one bit." "But-" "Can you honestly tell me you don't have feelings for Finnick?" Johanna snaps, looking vaguely pissed off. Annie bites her tongue and when Johanna looks away, she shakes her head. JULY, 2016 Finnick is drunk. No, maybe not drunk- not entirely, at least- but he's certainly intoxicated and he's pressing his head against Annie's knees and he's laughing far too loudly at the cartoon she put on to try and shut him up. She can't really judge; she's sure her breath reeks of alcohol just as badly as his does. "You're not very comfortable, Cresta," he complains, shifting so that he's resting against the couch instead of her knees. Her fingers are running absently through his hair, tangling and untangling and tangling the golden strands as she does so. Annie shoves him with her foot. "God, you're annoying," she mutters. "Can't you just go to sleep or leave or something?" Shaking his head, he cranes his neck to look up at her. "I don't wanna leave," he says softly. "Not when I'm with you. When I'm with you I always want to stay." It takes her a minute to decide whether he's being genuine, being a dick, or just being drunk. She settles on the latter because despite what she constantly says, she knows he's not a dick, and she's not sure how to respond if he's being genuine. "That's nice," she says. "I want you to stay, too." Finnick slides up onto the couch and she slumps over in his lap, exhausted. Just as she closes her eyes, he says, "I'm in love with you, Cresta." Genuine. Dick. Drunk. Drunk. Dick. Genuine. Genuine. Annie smiles at him. As he brushes a few loose hair strands out of her eyes, she grabs his hand and kisses the knuckles. They both start laughing, then, because they're drunk and they're tired and they're so overwhelmingly in love. The next morning when Johanna walks in and sees them tangled together on the tiny couch, she grins. "I fucking knew it," she says, dumping the coffee she brought on the table and slamming the door loudly behind her as she leaves. SEPTEMBER, 2016 Nervous, Annie focuses on a spot behind the crowd so she doesn't have to pay attention to just how many people there are. There are a lot of people. Once she finishes reading the book's first chapter to the store, she settles back into her seat, relieved. Zoe, her editor/publisher/lifesaver, perches herself on the edge of the table and smiles warmly at the crowd. "We can't give you any more than that, folks, or we'd be stuck here all day," she says. "But we do have some time for a quick interview, so who has a question?" All the standard questions are asked; when did you start writing, where do you find inspiration, etc. It's all easy, and Annie has no problem answering. Until a demonic teenager in the front row raises her hand. Zoe gestures at her, and the girl looks delighted. "I was just thinking that Abby sounds a lot like Annie, and probably has a few of your traits, so are there any other characters based on real people? Like, friends and stuff?" In the back row, Finnick Odair starts laughing like a madman, and Johanna Mason yells that they should ask where she got the idea for Finn. Annie throws her water bottle at them. this might be really bad but please review anyway my lovelies xx