side. He's lolled back in his seat and could quite possibly be asleep. He's got a scraggly beard, questionable stains on his shirt and looks almost as old as Hillier, though he can't be older than fifty. Seems to me like Johanna and Hillier really are the best choices. The mayor rambles on about what I assume to be the Dark Days and for half the speech, it is blissfully impossible to understand a word of what he is saying. Then with a long, high-pitched squeal, the sound quality vastly improves and his voice booms out thunderously. I wince and some girls around me clap their hands over their ears. The mayor lowers his voice, but it's more a problem with the audio system rather than with him. Nobody fixes it, probably thinking too-loud is better than impossible to comprehend, but the result is a volume of speech that is impossible to tune out. Finally, the mayor introduces our Capitol escort. There's a stirring of interest, because it's not the same Capitol man that's been at every Reaping I can remember. The mayor introduces the woman as Anariel Lovelace. She's young, that's the first thing that strikes me. The second is her beauty, it's beauty that I can appreciate too, because it's not completely unnatural. She's got auburn hair that is perhaps a tad too deep and shiny to be completely natural, and instead of being piled up in some ridiculous tower, it's loose around her face. Her dress is a green and brown combination that compliments our district, alien in it's design and revealing cut, but simple and probably conservative by Capitol standards. The only thing about her that distinctly marks her as being from the Capitol are the tattoos that swirl around her forearms. The distance renders them smudges of colour, but the big screens show them to be vines. The leaves curl around her arm, bright purple flowers blooming alongside. They're beautiful adornments and I've never seen anything more striking or so unique. She has a quiet voice. The Capitol accent not quite so harsh on my ears in her soft tones. It's easy to tell that's she's extremely nervous, because she stumbles a few times in her speech. The second time she does so, a boy in the eighteen year old section wolf whistles loudly. I scowl in his direction and Anariel goes bright red, looking extremely flustered. It's not any of this that really makes me accept her though. It's the fact that she doesn't blab on about the Games. She says she's honoured to be here, but she talks about our district. Says she's always dreamed of seeing the beauty of our forest and the roaring river. The only mention she makes of the Games is hoping that any of us who see her home will find it's beauty equally as curiously captivating. Next comes the video. The propaganda piece about how Panem rose up from the ashes and the districts bit at the hand that fed them. Cue the Hunger Games as punishment for our sins. It makes me angry and I can quote it almost word for word so I allow my attention to drift. I focus instead on something I've been considering doing in the weeks since my birthday. Eighteen is technically the year you come of age. Being no longer eligible for the Hunger Games is also considered to make you an adult. Ergo, I'm an adult. As an adult, it is my opinion that I should have more freedom. Not to say my parents are needlessly strict. They're not. In actuality, most restrictions I have put on myself. No alcohol except with my family. Always home before ten o'clock. Never go anywhere at night without telling multiple people where. Don't break agreements of where and when to meet. They're precautions, restraints I gave myself to give me the allusion of control. A saftey-net. I think I'm finally ready to relax those constraints. It's been four years. I'm older, wiser, stronger. I now know not to accept drinks from other people, to never put my cup down, to give specific times that I'll be home, to leave when the people I know and will care if I disappear do. Lessons I learnt the hard way and am punished for everyday. It's been four years. I'm an adult. I've lost my rose-tinted glasses, I can protect myself and I'm not scared anymore. I haven't been for some time now. The problem is convincing my parents and my siblings of this. The 'technically I'm an adult' argument should work. It's with dull surprise that I realise Anariel is moving over to the Reaping bowls. I take deep breath and close my eyes calmly. There are seventy-two pieces of paper in there with my name on them. There's twelve with Laurel's. I don't waste time praying. Nothing I can do will change what paper the Capitol woman pulls out. Instead I remind myself my name has been in that damn bowl for six years and hasn't been pulled out. The name Aspen has been in there for fifteen consecutive reapings. Hundreds of slips of paper, starting with my eldest sister Laina when she was twelve, through Glen and Tillia and Fletcher. They escaped the Reapings untouched. After today, so will I and in four more years, Rob and Laurel will be free too. Twenty consecutive years with over a hundred slips bearing our family name doesn't seem like good odds to me, but I don't really think about that. I watch with detachment as Anariel reaches into the bowl and grabs a name. She doesn't pause dramatically, but crosses back to the microphone, fumbling to unfold the paper for a moment. It won't be me. There's hundreds of thousands of pieces of paper in that bowl. It won't be Laurel either. It just won't be. "The f-female tribute is, R-rosilda Aspen." And just like that, my self-assured certainty slaps me across the face.