harshly, my mind racing as fast as my blood. I'm making a racket, screaming her name as loud as I can, rushing forwards as fast I as I can. Two Peacekeepers block me out of nowhere. They each place one hand on their gun and one on my shoulder, their grip tight and bruising, their stance firm and unyielding. No matter how hard I push, how violently I struggle, I can't get past them. "N—" I choke. "No! Prim!" I'm so panicked I can't even think. My mind is white with shock and fear. "I volunteer!" I screech hysterically. "I volunteer as tribute!" Confusion spreads from the crowd to the stage. The Peacekeepers, who suddenly don't know what to do, relax their hold and glance at Effie for instructions. I manage to plant my feet firmly, my stance as strong as I can make it, my face set in stone. Inside I'm quaking. "I volunteer as tribute," I repeat, as determined and calm as I can. My face is large on the screen, broadcasted for all of District Twelve—all of Panem—to see. Effie looks as flustered as I've ever seen her. Murmurs of surprise and confusion flitter above the crowd. "Well, this is a surprise," says Effie after a moment, trying to laugh it off. "But there's the small matter of your age. How old are you, dear? Not within reaping age, I'm sure! We have to let someone else get a chance at the glory now, don't we!" I'm breathing so fast I'm starting to hyperventilate. I can feel my body thrumming. No. No. "No," I whisper, then gather my voice. "No, I—I volunteer! Please!" My voice cracks. "Let me volunteer in her place!" "I'm sorry, dear, but the rules are the rules!" She laughs high and shrill in the face of my disbelief. That's the final straw. I break down, struggling hysterically. The guards restrain me with grips like iron and forcefully drag me away from the crowd. I dig my heels in, I kick at them, stumbling as I lose my balance and fall, striking whatever parts of their bodies I can reach with my fists. "No!" I screech, my voice ripping. "No! Prim!" "Katniss!" I can hear her cry back tearfully. "No!" My voice is grating by now, hoarse and shrill and broken. I wrench backwards, but the Peacekeepers don't even stumble. Their faces are hard as rocks, expressionless. We reach the edge of the crowd and I feel a final flash of fear dart through me. This is it. "No, let me go! Prim!" I strike out and manage to rake my nails across the jaw of one of them, drawing blood. He yelps in surprise, then glares at me so venomously if I wasn't half insane I would have drawn back. "Let go!" I yell. He backhands me across the cheek, and my face snaps to the side, my neck cracking. I barely even feel it. I shriek with rage and fear, clawing at him, trying to get back. Not even the sight of the Peacekeepers drawing their guns can bring me to my senses. Then two hands unexpectedly wrench my arms behind my back. I twist, wriggle, and wrench, crying hoarsely, but can't escape them. "No!" says a voice I recognize through the haze. "I've got her. She's fine. She'll listen to me." Gale. They exchange words, but I'm struggling too vigorously against Gale's hold to pay any attention. I need to get back to Prim. I need to stop her. I need to save her. "I've got her," Gale continues. "She won't do anything stupid." The Peacekeepers hesitate, but they clearly want to get back the reaping to watch the unexpected drama unfold. Gale manages to convince them by tightening his hold even more, forcing my shoulders back painfully. He's stronger than even I had realized, and his brute strength that convinces the Peacekeepers they can afford to leave me here. I snarl at Gale, and slam my head backwards against his. I feel it collide with his face, the ache that spreads surely nothing compared to crack of his nose. He howls and lets go, but I only have time to dart forward two steps before he's grabbed me again. The sound I make is almost inhuman with terror. "Let me go!" I scream. "Katniss," he pants, trying to restrain my flailing wrists. "Katniss, stop!" He wraps both arms around me from behind, tight and constricting like a steel trap. He forces my arms to my sides, keeps me clenched straight as a pin, and squeezes until I can feel my muscles bruising with pain. And all of a sudden, I collapse. I go limp against him, destroyed from within. His arms, locked around me, are all that hold me up. "Gale," I sob. I gasp in lungfuls of air, but no matter how much I inhale I can't seem to breathe. My chest is tight as a steel drum, my lungs full of so much pressure I'm sure they're going to explode. His arms loosen at my acquiescence, and I cave in, doubling forward. He immediately tightens them and jerks me back upright. I lean against his grip, trembling, choking in air. "Gale, I can't—" "I know," he says quietly. "Katniss, I know ." "I can't—" One hand locked around my waist, he raises the other and runs it down my braid, then spins me gently until I'm facing him. "Breathe, Katniss," he say. I don't feel entirely human as I look at him. I'm not even sure I see him properly. I clench his arms, my short, brittle nails digging in deep enough that I leave marks, little puckered crescent moons. He doesn't even wince. I stare at them for a long, blank moment, then raise my eyes to his. "Gale, it's Prim," I whisper, horrified. "She's going to—" I can't say it, but I don't have to. He knows, as well as I do. She's going to die.