to camp in. He decided to find a tree early, as the weight of what he was carrying was beginning to hurt his shoulders, and he felt intensely hungry. He had walked for at least three hours now, and sounds of any other tributes had faded long ago. Around him, all he could see was forest, and above him, he heard the twittering of birds. It's almost like my dream again , he thought, shivering at the thought that a spear was waiting behind a tree to impale him. He found a tree that looked suitable, and there were several footholds, so he began to climb. It was high of the ground, and gave him a good outlook over the stretch of forest around him, while still keeping him well concealed. Fabian began was beginning to unpack his food, lying on the branch in his tree, when he heard a sound below him. He had lulled himself into a false sense of security, and hadn't even heard the tribute approaching. Peeking through, he looked down to see who it was, and was thoroughly shocked to see that it was Cassia, wielding a knife, with a machete across her back, and walking slowly. He was about to call down to her, when he realised with an even greater shock that she was being followed. About 60 yards behind her was the blonde head of the District 1 boy. She was creeping in the undergrowth, waiting for the chance to attack with a long spear she was carrying. Fabian acted quick, and drawing his bow once again, he shot through the trees and hit her on the arm. He cursed himself for not having found his target, as he had had hardly any practice, and the boy now lay on the floor, yelling. In the distance, faint footsteps could be heard, which were, Fabian was sure, the rest of the Careers. He must have been their scout. Fabian climbed down from his tree as fast as he could, jumping the final few metres to the ground and sprinting towards Cassia, who saw him, and ran towards him. They climbed the tree just in time to see the Careers running along the path in front of them, panting. "What happened, Hermes?" said a tall, muscular boy; the District 2 tribute. Fabian held his breath as Hermes began to speak, afraid they would find them. Beside him, Cassia gave him a worried look. "Someone shot an arrow at me," he said, breathing heavily. "Yeah, we didn't know that, the arrow just appeared in your arm," the District 2 boy sneered. "Hey, shut up, Slate, he's hurt," said a blonde girl; she was Hermes' fellow tribute. "Well then he'd better get up, or we leave him here!" Slate bellowed, "we can't afford to have weaklings with us. We're totally exposed here, even those peasants from Twelve could get us here." Fabian felt a flush of anger, but Cassia seemed to read his thoughts, and laid a hand on his arm warningly. Hermes seemed to have got up, as the pack began to walk along the path again. "No point searching the area now, they'll have fled long ago," the District 2 girl said. "We should still do it quickly, you never know," said Hermes weakly. "Lana's right," said Slate, " there's no point. Not everyone's as stupid as you, wandering ahead on your own. We need to keep moving." With that, they heard the pack walk off, and they were able to see that it consisted of the District 1, 2 and 3 tributes. After making sure they were out of sight, Fabian spoke quietly. "We stay here till morning, I think," he said, climbing up onto the branch above Cassia so as to have space for both of them. Cassia nodded, and they exchanged the food they had. Cassia had picked up some biscuits as well, but nothing else. She had tried to take off for the forest immediately, picking up only a few things, when she ran into the District 5 tributes, whom she managed to ward off, before walking along the path. Judging by her story, Fabian reckoned that she had only ever been a few minutes behind him on the path. They sat waiting for the anthem, and when it finally came, they saw that six had been killed in the initial bloodbath, leaving eighteen alive in the arena. The two tributes from District 10 were dead, the girl from 6, the boy from 4, and both from 8. Finally, the seal of Panem returned, and after that, something very strange happened: an image of a droplet of water was projected into the sky. Fabian whispered urgently to Cassia: "What do you think it means?" he said, feeling definitely uneasy. "No idea," she said, frowning. After that, they attempted to get comfortable in their branches, and although night had fallen, Fabian still did not dare to open the bag, despite feeling sure it would help him, as the night was chilly, and he was wearing only his jumpsuit. He did not dare to light a fire, either, and so, wearily, he turned over and fell into an uneasy sleep, the nightmares returning almost immediately, and this time, it was the new ones, of him being killed in countless different ways in the arena, rather than the old one in the mines. He was horribly aware of something being distinctly wrong. At first, he thought he was still dreaming, but the gentle rocking beneath him was too real, and the salty smell in his nose was overpowering. He sat up, and realised with a jolt of horror that the President's words had indeed been true. As a reminder to the rebels that even with preparation, they succumb to the force of the Capitol, the Hunger Games will be held in a special arena. And this was definitely no ordinary arena. Fabian was floating in the middle of an ocean. To be continued...