one, but a chance all the same. A chance he could get himself back. And he doesn't want to die like he is. Suddenly, she wraps her arms around his neck, clutching him tightly. He sucks in a breath, and he feels a scorching rage in his chest, wanting him to grip her and throttle her. But he breathes in that scent, lavender and mint, and that urge within him dies. He reaches his arms around her and pulls her close. He recalls all of those times he has had to watch himself hold her in both Games, comfort her, and he thinks he is beginning to understand. He doesn't want to let her go. But she releases him, gives Tigris a kiss, and then she and Gale step out into the street, swept away by the streams of Capitol refugees, tailing Cressida and Pollux. Peeta takes a moment, straightens the coat that Tigris has wrapped him in, and follows after the agreed upon amount of time. Snowflakes dig into his face, and he turns, looking for them. The day is overcast, and the light is soft and unsubstantial. Gunfire rattles buildings in the distance, and people shiver beneath their hats and scarves. But he spots her red cloak, and Peeta bends his face down and walks after them. After some minutes, he comes to an intersection where Peacekeepers indicate which way the crowds should split. He thinks he sees Katniss turn, once, but she is too far ahead to tell for sure. Then, shots ring out throw the street, and people fall to the ground. Peeta drops and rolls behind a vehicle, poking his head out over the bumper to try and see. Where is she? The gunfire is coming from the roof. Even in the hazy light, he can make out the forms of bodies lining the road. It must be the rebels, but helping them breakthrough is not his mission. It's his mission to keep going, to see if he can help them in any way. Help her. He scoots forward, using the cover of the vehicle to duck into the frame of a door. He keeps pushing his way forward. After about fifty feet, he spots the crumpled form of a little girl in a yellow jacket. He pauses, and a sick bile burns at the back of his throat. Rebels start pouring out into the street, taking position and shooting at the approaching force of Peacekeepers. Peeta barrels through the next intersection just to trip over bodies with skin melted off, pink and boiled. He picks up a gun from a dropped Peackeeper because gunfire ricochets off of buildings and lampposts, with everyone shooting and very few aiming. A dark shadow barrels toward him, and Peeta takes the shot. The shadow falls. He presses ahead. He stops when the gray light is interrupted by a deep purple glow. A spatter of red grows within it, and Peeta ducks behind the corner of a house until he checks and the glow is gone. When he runs up, he sees more dead people, all of them covered by blood that has leaked from their eyes and ears and fingertips. But the ground shudders with the approach of more troops, and Peeta launches himself into the pile of the dead. He feels a few boots grind into his back, but then they are gone, and he raises up. Peeta is about ten feet into the next block when he senses the crack beneath his feet. He glances down, and the whole street is tilting in like a trapdoor. Without hesitating, he turns back the way he's come and sprints for the intersection, jumping up where he can see the street now rises five feet above the pod. He rolls on his side and turns to see as people fall and slide into the depths below, their screams echoing back up to the asphalt above. There's a putrid stench, something that smells like rotting fruit and death. He scrambles to his feet and runs to his right, taking the first left that he comes to. Here, he sees where scorch marks have burned into cement and pavement, but he grits his teeth and sprints down the road. One blow just misses his neck, singing a shoulder and shattering the window of a car on his right. He pants and takes another street on the left. The road is narrow, sharp spikes sticking out of the pavement, a few with soldiers and civilians speared on top. Peeta weaves through and comes back to the original street they had been following to the President's mansion. He looks up and down. Where is she? There is no red cloak. A cold fear bubbles in his stomach. His mind revisits the pods, all of the bodies. He chokes and gags on the smoke in the air. He stumbles forward. No. He refuses to think that she's dead. Not when he's just started to figure her out. At the next intersection, beyond the next block, he sees it. It's the gate to the President's mansion, and tiny fingers stretch into the air to grasp at falling parachutes in front of the fence. And then he sees nothing but red. Peeta charges through the crossroad, the gunfire momentarily halted. People wearing white shirts and aprons swarm into the scene, and he sees her, her hood now black against the rush of white. She leans against a pole, her profile just visible, only half a block away. She starts as if she has found it, found whatever she was looking for. Peeta glances to where her gaze is fixed. "Prim!" Her voice is clear, desperate. The same as it was at the Reaping that changed it all. There's a turn, the swish of an apron, the twist of a blond braid. Katniss steps forward. Peeta tries to follow. Then she's flying, twisting, burning. She is a mutt, a mutt made of fire. And so is he.