having sex. We are making love. I'm going to take care of you, I'm going to love you deeply in every which way. I want to express my deep, deep feelings I have for you. There is a difference between making love and sex. right now I want to make love to you" I nod my head in understanding and lean up to kiss him. I close my eyes and tense up as I feel him line our hips up. This is going to hurt I know it is, I've heard stories, overheard conversation that when a man enters you for the first time it hurts like hell and you will bleed. "Katniss, I'm not going to hurt you, please stop tensing." He promises. "I love you" And there it is those three words that I tried so hard not to say to him. They burst without my permission and as I say them he inserts the tip of his penis inside me. It does hurt, but its nothing I can't handle. I dig my nails into his shoulders and let out a pained groan as he pushes more of himself into me. It's not exactly pleasure, buts it's nowhere near as bad as getting punched, burned, cut, poisoned, starving to death, almost drowning and so on. He is being incredibly careful and for that I'm truly grateful that he loves me enough to be considerate of my emotions. The position we are in on the floor makes my heart pound in my chest. I'm on my back, he is on top of me, his manhood halfway in, there's still more of him to go. My nails and hands are on his shoulder, digging into them and creating little red angry marks. The comforter is on top of us, down to Peeta's waist, the candles in the cabin are not doing much to keep us warm, I'm going to have to light a fire once we are done. It's not me I'm worried about its him, between him laying on top of my spreading his entire warmth through my body and the comforter laying on both of us. His bare back is exposed to the chill of the room, I can't tell if he is shivering or shaking, but I place my hands flat on his back, palms open and everything, trying to soothe him. "Peeta? What's wrong." I question and place a kiss to the side of his neck. "I...it just feels so good and I know it doesn't feel good for you. I know it hurts." He can feel my entire body tense, I can never hide anything from him. "I don't have to go in any further if it's too much." "I'm fine, Peeta, just go slowly." "Okay, but promise me you'll relax. I hate that your tense like this." I nod my hand and kiss his lips as he pushes himself the rest of the way in. I moan loudly and tighten my hold on his back. He gives me a minute or two to adjust to his massive size. Then with little warning began to push himself in and out of me. It really does hurt, but I try my best to hide my uncomforted from him by burying my face in the crook of his neck as he gives me easy, gentle thrusts. "Peeta...ohhhh" "Are you okay?" He pants. "I'm fine don't stop" "OH GOD, Katniss, Damn" He grunts as he slams into me a little harder than he meant to. "OW, ouch" I cry out and dig my nails harder into his back. He stops immediately I'm shocked that he stopped that fast. He peers down at me with nothing but sorrow and regret in his blue eyes. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry" He gasps. "ohhhh," I grunt as he shifts. "I'm sorry it doesn't feel good. I'm going to stop." "I don't want you to stop, Peeta, Please don't stop. Hold me, in your arms and never let go of me, never stop." He doesn't stop again, he is so gentle as he eases himself into me and eases himself out. Our lips are connected, our hands are everywhere, his penis is beginning to swell inside me. I guess that means he's about to finish. I feel a sticky liquid between my legs and that can mean one thing, I'm bleeding a bit down there. He thrusts in and out, our moans mingle, the thunder isn't enough to drown our voices out. "Does it feel good yet?" He asks in a raspy voice. I don't lie to him, "No, I'm fine though" I don't know how long we laid there making love to each other, but I had to admit it was the best time of my life. I finally felt his penis softening inside me as he gave me on more gentle thrust. He panted into my neck and lifted his head up to look at me and kiss me. Sweat had darken his blonde hair, causing it to turn a light shade of brown. He huff and puffs trying hard to get his breathing back to normal. I guide his head so it lay on my chest, his breathing still heavy and out of control. I threaded my one hand through his sweat-slick hair as the other ran up and down his back. We were happy, we were together and everything that happened between us at the dinner table was completely forgotten. I'm glad he chased me out into the rain and forced my feelings out of me. I'm glad he kissed me to shut me up, I'm glad he took my clothes off and entered me. I'm thankful for Peeta Mellark, he is my dandelion, my lover, my friend he is everything to me and I'm not going to let my fear make me lose him. I love him always and forever. "You love me? Real or not real?" I look him in the eyes and smile. "Real." The end.