of lunch time. I look at the table that she directed her head at and see –– shockingly –– a sea of gold. "Which is he? I'm blinded by the shine coming off their perfect blonde hair." Madge just laughs and shakes her head. I make comments about Townies a good amount in front of her, and she never takes me seriously. I usually don't mean them completely seriously. Usually. "We usually just meet up after this for art. Hang around and try not to scare him off, would you?" I smile. "I'm not guaranteeing anything." The topic changes at the table and everyone seems to sit a little easier. We part from Katniss and Gale as I follow her on her way to Peeta Mellark's locker. Thankfully I have my English class which isn't too far from the art room, having a perfect excuse with why I'm intruding on their walk to the Art room. Not that I feel the need to have an excuse. "Hi Peeta," Madge calls to him when we get to his locker. He's pulling out a sketchbook and goes to shut his locker. "Hey Madge," He says as he turns but stops short a bit when he sees me. "Hi––" "Johanna Mason," I shove my hand out in front of me, giving a proper introduction to him and in between us. He shakes my hand. "I know who you are," he mumbles. I smirk at him. "And I know who you are, Peeta Mellark." He looks at me confused, and I'm about to tell him about the bathroom stall graffiti that had his name all over it, but Madge must sense something on the tip of my tongue because she starts walking down the hall with a, "let's go, we don't want to be late." I'm quiet as we walk, which isn't a usual thing. I'm watching Peeta Mellark and starting my understanding of who this person is that secretly has a hold on different people in my group. Gale said that he's hopelessly in love with Madge, but as I watch them, I see that it's a complete lie. I like to think of myself as having an ability on being able to pick up on sexual tension as if it's a superpower, and absolutely none exists between the two of them. They talk about an art project and there's ease. His eyes don't linger. His hands don't twitch with a need to touch her. He's not half–hard from being lost in a daydream about fucking her against a locker. We're about to turn the corner into another hallway when we hear Madge's name called out from behind us. All of us stop and turn to see Katniss running after us. She refuses to look anywhere but directly at Madge. She takes a moment to catch a breath when she's in front of us, and then explains on how Madge took one of her school books by accident and she needs it for her next class. She refuses to look anywhere else but Madge still. I watch her and see tension in her. I look over at Peeta and he's looking at the ground, but every now and then sneaking a glance at Katniss and his cheeks have that stain of red that I was searching for before when it was him and Madge. I definitely am onto something here. Katniss and Madge talk quick and soon Katniss leaves with mumbled goodbyes. Madge looks over at me and I'm sure she knows the look on my face, how I have a smile because I'm starting to piece something, something together that is not supposed to be pieced together. All I need is a bit more time, or to just corner one of these fools about it and ask for the dirt. I take in the form of Peeta Mellark. He's just about as tall as me and I know he still has some time to grow. Even though he apparently doesn't do sports anymore he fills out his shirt pretty well. His golden hair is curly and just long enough that I can totally get the want to have your fists in it like some person confessed in graffiti. He seems like a good piece of underage ass, but definitely not my type. He's way too shy and bumbling, something I definitely have no time for. But someone else comes to mind, another awkward–at–love/lust/relationships kind of person, and it's just the person that's made his cheeks red and no doubt probably has made him hard before in sleepless nights. Katniss Everdeen. "That was a nice surprise," I say to the two of them as we begin to move again, and even I can hear the amusement in my voice. Madge looks over at me and I can feel the words she is trying to convey to me, 'Not now, Johanna, no.' "Yes, seeing Katniss is always nice." I disregard Madge's look. I can't not say something. "Wouldn't you agree Peeta?" I look past Madge who is in between us to see his face and he's blushing again, just like a virginal bride. It's almost comical how panicked he looks, but he quickly trains his face and tries to calm down the blush. "Y–yes," he manages to get out. "Always, always nice." "Well look at that, here's our art class. Bye Johanna we'll talk later," Madge said quickly furrowing her eyebrows at me. I wave at them. "Yes, we'll talk later. Bye Madge. Bye Peeta, it was nice to know the face behind the name." "Wha–?" Peeta starts to ask but Madge pulls him inside without another word. Damn, I really did want to see how red he'd get if I told him of the things I read on the bathroom stall. I walk two more classes down to my English class and bite my lip to try to hide my grin. I'm going to have to pay more attention to this Peeta Mellark.