close" He orders and before I know it he is leading me somewhere in the living room. Probably towards the large mirror we have on the wall. "Open them" I open my eyes, gaze into the mirror and gasp at the gift he just put on my neck. It's a beautiful gold chain, with a heart charm on the end. In the middle of the heart is a small white pearl. "Is that..." "Yes." He pecks my neck. "I made the chain and heart with the help of a local jeweler. The pearl is the same pearl from the Arena." "Oh my god Peeta. I thought I lost this. I usually keep it in a safe place on our dresser. I love to look at it." "I took it a couple months ago in order to add it to your necklace I was making for you. I know how much you love this pearl so I figured you can wear it and that way if something ever happens to me, You'd have a little piece of me with you" I turn around quickly and place a finger against his lips. "Don't, I can't even..." I bite my lip and hold back tears. "I love this." I kiss him, "I love you" I kiss him hard on the lips again, this time the kiss dragged on. I broke away before it can get really intimate. "I have something for you too." I move towards the tree and dig through the presents. I dig and dig, there was a whole bunch of them. I finally found the big, large present hidden in the back. I careful grab pick it up. Peeta's mouth dropped as to how big it was. He came over to help me and once it was fished out of the sea of presents I waited for Peeta to open it. "Open it" I ordered. He did, carefully tearing away the blue and green wrapping paper. He tore it open gently and gazed upon his present. Tears threatened to spill out of his eyes as he examined the large portrait of his family. I had to enlarge, as big as they could get it, and I had it plastered in a rich golden picture frame. The picture itself was really large. I know how much he still misses his family and it wasn't until recently that I had found this tiny little picture in the bottom of Peeta's dresser. He would never admit to me how much he misses his mother, father and brothers. It's been 10 years since they died. You never really get over the lost of a family member, sure the pain eases and the tears stop overtime, but there is always a small hole in your heart. There are always times when they creep up into your mind and for a split second you think about them and all the good times you had. "Do you like it?" I asked biting my lip. "This is...wow...I..." He wipes tears from his eyes and leans over to kiss me. "This is amazing. I love it" We are just about to kiss again, but a small whimper causes us to move apart and glance over our shoulders. Saffra is standing at the bottom of the stairs, rubbing her eyes, holding a teddy bear and pouting. I get up and move towards her. "What's wrong baby?" "I didn't leave any cookies for Santa." She whimpers. "That's okay, baby." I pick her up and hold her at my hip. "Daddy will leave some out. Won't you Peeta?" He nods. "See, now lets go to sleep" She wraps her tiny arms around my neck and lays her head on my shoulder. "Mommy?" She mumbles. "Yes." "Can I have a present now?" "You got to wait until morning" I carry her up the stairs, Peeta stayed back to shut off all the lights and 'leave cookies out for Santa' which in reality I know he is eating them. I set Saffra down on her bed and go to her dresser, pulling out a pair of her night clothes. She groans and rolls to her side. I undress her and slid her Pjs on. I tuck her in and kiss her on the forehead. "I love you mommy" She said sleepily. "I love you too big girl" I exit her room, shutting the door quietly. I tiptoe down the hall and into my sons room. His Night light in the corner is dim and barely lights up the room. I walk over to his crib and peer inside. He is laying on his back, head cocked to the side, thumb in his mouth. I brush a strand on his blonde hair aside and lean down to kiss his cheek. He whimpers a bit, but continues sleeping. I love my children so much. I exited his room and back out into the hallway. Peeta is still downstairs I can hear pots and pan clicking together. He couldn't possible be cooking could he? I enter our bedroom, strip down to my bra and underwear and throw over a nightgown. Peeta enters the room a couple minutes later. He kicks off his shoes, throws his shirt off and then strangely stands by the window. "Come here" He says. I get up from the comfortable bed and go over to him. I gaze out the window with him. It is beautiful outside, absolutely gorgeous. Snow littered the ground and from where we were standing it looked like a thousand little diamonds shining in the night. I looked up at the sky and star littered the dark night. But one was brighter than the others. One stood out the most. My mind creeps back to my sister and I look up at the sky, smiling to myself. "Merry Christmas, Katniss" "Merry Christmas Peeta" Peeta kisses me and then goes to bed. I linger by the window gazing up at that star. A smile on my face. "Merry Christmas Prim"