with and talk to." He smiled and tilted her face up. "And when Mommy and Daddy are making you mad, you can be mad together." Lily thought a moment and then asked, "Will the baby be a girl?" "We don't know yet. Why? You want it to be a girl?" She nodded. "Then we can be like Mommy and Aunt Prim. I don't want a smelly boy." Peeta gave her a playful look. "Am I smelly?" She giggled. "No." "Is your Uncle Gale smelly?" She laughed. "When he comes in from the woods after hunting he is." He grinned and kissed her temple. "Boys aren't smelly all the time. And girls can be pretty smelly too." Lily giggled. "You're funny, Daddy." "You are, too." He kissed her again and then sat her back on her stool. "Finish your pizza. We have a movie to watch upstairs." She took a bite of her pizza and then said, "The baby can't sleep in my room." Peeta nodded. "We'll make sure the baby has its own room and you can keep yours just the way you like it." He leaned over. "What if I see if Mommy wants to redecorate your room?" Lily nodded enthusiastically. "Yeah! I want princesses riding dinosaurs!" "You got it, kid." He said with a laugh. He took out his phone. "Want to call and ask?" She nodded and held out her hand for the phone. Peeta picked out Katniss's number from his favorites and handed it over. "Make sure you tell her you're sorry for being so mean earlier." Lily nodded and held the phone to her ear. "Hi, Mommy." Her voice was soft. "I'm sorry I said I hated you." Peeta cleaned up their plates as his daughter talked on the phone. By the end of it, she was laughing, so he was sure everything was okay with Lily again. She definitely did hold a grudge, but she got over it quickly when she wanted. Peeta and Katniss hadn't been entirely ready when Lily came along, for many reasons. Mostly it was because their relationship always lacked good communication. They still didn't talk well, but at least they had been a little better coordination getting Lily where she needed to be. This included deciding to alternate weeks with her so that they could get the same amount of quality time. Katniss hated when it was Peeta's week with Lily because it gave her too much quiet time at night to think. She had blamed herself a lot for the split with Peeta. It was a two-way street, but it still didn't help that she was so horrible with words and starting the important conversations. Katniss looked at her phone for the thousandth time that evening. It was nine. And it was only Tuesday. "Three more sleeps." She told herself. Her phone buzzed as she was leaning forward to put it on the coffee table. She turned it over and saw Peeta's name. She slid her finger across the screen to open the message. Peeta: I've been thinking about you since you dropped Lily off Friday. Actually, since you told me about the baby. I can't sleep, Katniss. I miss you. I've missed you for a while. I know we agreed to counseling, but why do we have to wait for that? Can we start on our own now? We made a lot of mistakes. Both of us. And I think it would help if we actually start to sit down and talk about us. About what went wrong. About how we can fix it. And about how we can make sure both our kids are raised by parents who love them. I still love you, Katniss. I never stopped. I want to be able to come home to you at the end of the day again. Because you were always the best part of my day. Katniss put the phone down and leaned back. He had always known the right words to say to make her heart flutter. And she was often speechless because she felt her own words never quite matched up. He poured out his heart and her best response was mostly, "Yeah, love you too." She took a screencap and sent it to Prim. How do I answer to this? Prim's response came quicker than Katniss expected at this hour. I believe the proper response is, "Bring Lily to Prim's and then come fuck my brains out." That's not an acceptable response. Katniss typed quickly. She followed it up with, I need an actual reply that isn't, "Gee, you're swell, Peeta." While waiting for the reply, Katniss started tidying up the living room. Her phone buzzed as she was heading to her bedroom. Prim: Copy and paste this: I agree. We do need to have a talk. Want to come over for dinner tomorrow? Prim and Gale will gladly watch Lily for a while. Or the whole night. Katniss typed out her reply. Being alone didn't work out before. Prim: Seemed to work out well enough. ;) Katniss rolled her eyes. Thanks. I'll send it along. But I'm not very comfortable with it. Prim replied just a moment later. He says he still loves you. And I know for a fact you still love him. I've heard you all but admit it more than once. So ask him over. It's not like you can get more pregnant. Katniss groaned. She knew her sister was right. She sent along the invitation to Peeta and didn't expect him to return a message, but he must have had his phone in his hand because one came in just a few seconds after she sent her own. Peeta: Sounds great. Around 6? Katniss typed out her reply as she climbed into bed. Sure. See you then. You bring cheese buns and I'll make lasagna? Peeta: Deal. :) Katniss curled on her side and fell asleep with a smile on her face for the first time in a while.