I can leave it on." Katniss shook her head and stood. "You can take it off. I don't mind." She leaned over and pressed a kiss to his lips before moving to sit beside him on the bed, kissing his neck and shoulder. Even though it was a muscle memory, he still fumbled with the removal of his leg while her hands and her mouth moved all over his skin. She was messing with all his senses. His cock twitched as her hand spread over his lower stomach. "Condoms are in my pocket." He gasped. "In due time." She said softly, wrapping her hand around his length. Peeta lifted a hand and tangled it in Katniss's hair once more as their mouths met in a crushing kiss that made his heart pound even harder in his chest. This was everything he'd ever dreamed of. All those nights staring at the pictures on his wall as he touched himself, wishing she could come out of those photos and take over. And then she stopped and stood, dropping her pants to the floor before climbing into the bed and beckoning him with a single, crooked finger and a sly grin. He dropped the leg and sock on the floor as he climbed up to hover over her. Their mouths met again and their hands roamed. Peeta slipped his hand between Katniss's thighs and circled a finger slowly around her clit until she was gasping on the edge of orgasm. Then he pulled away, just as she had. "Can I taste you?" He asked. "That would be great." She pushed on his shoulder. He laughed and slowly trailed his mouth down her body. Pressing her legs apart, his mouth made contact with her hard and ready clit. She tasted glorious! And her response to him was nothing short of eager. She grasped his head and pressed herself into him. He took hold of her hips and doubled his efforts. She was panting and encouraging and just a short time later she was rocking against his mouth as she let out beautiful mewling cries. When Katniss finally loosened her grip on his hair, Peeta moved up her body once more. He paused to swirl his tongue over her nipple as he palmed the other. "That's nice." She breathed. He smiled against her skin as he came to hover over her. "It was." She combed her fingers through his hair. "Condoms in your pocket, huh?" He nodded. "Yeah." After pulling him in for a long kiss, she moved from underneath him to find his pants among the piles on the floor. She came up with a triumphant sound and waved a square of plastic. She climbed back on the bed and sat beside Peeta. Her hands trailed over his skin admiringly. With a smile, she leaned down and pressed her lips over his skin. Then she slid her tongue up the length of his cock, taking the tip into her mouth for a moment and swirling her tongue around it. "Holy shit." He gasped. She removed her mouth and grinned at him as she opened the condom. "Is that your favorite exclamation?" "Yeah." He panted. "I'm still sure I'm going to wake up any second." Katniss moved to sit on Peeta's thighs as she rolled the condom on his length. "For at least this once, Peeta, I'm the real thing." She grinned. "Wrinkles and all." He shook his head. "You're perfect." She rolled her eyes. "You know, I'm already naked and almost on top of you, there's no need for flattery." She moved herself forward and lowered herself over him. "But you are perfect." He sighed as she surrounded him and he gripped her hips to keep her from moving. If she went too soon, he'd come in seconds. And if he was going to fuck Katniss Everdeen, he wanted it to last at least a minute. She leaned over and braced her hands on the side of his head. "God, you feel good." He smiled up at her and bucked his hips. "So do you." Katniss set up a slow pace, twirling her hips as she went. It nearly drove Peeta to ruin. It took all his power to hold off. But it didn't last long. He felt the tightening and she must have too because she sat back moved faster, stilling over him at the last moment. Everything was a little foggy for a few seconds as the orgasm took over. She gently scratched his chest as he came back to himself, panting and heart beating wildly. "You good?" He nodded, mumbling something that resembled a "yes." She leaned over and kissed him once more before removing herself from him. She stretched out on her back with a satisfied sigh. "Holy shit." He sighed. She slipped her hand into his and brought it up to kiss his knuckles. "Holy shit, indeed." Peeta laughed. "That's so much better than my dreams." "Honestly," Katniss admitted, "that was better than I expected." He turned his head. "Glad I could be of service." "That came out wrong." She rolled over and pressed her face into his neck. "I'm sorry." She looked up. "How old are you, by the way?" He grinned. "Twenty." She nodded. "Not too bad." She rolled away once more. "I usually stick to guys my age. I don't want you to think I'm on some sort of quest for younger men." He shrugged. "I don't care. Tonight it's me. And I mattered for these minutes. I may not matter to you a week from now." He kissed the back of her hand. "But you capped off over a decade of longing with a great experience and I will never forget you." She grinned. "I'm glad I could be that for you." She moved over him and kissed him softly. "You can stay as long as you like." "Thanks." He pulled her close and kissed her deeply. He didn't plan on leaving any time soon.