would fill the layers and it would say nothing, but Peeta promised some primroses cascading over one side of the round cake. "And you really can do that by tomorrow?" Katniss asked. Peeta looked into her sad eyes and gave her an encouraging smile. "Even if I have to stay up all night." She nodded and looked toward Madge. "Can you finish this? I need some air." She stood before her friend could make a response and hurried from the building. Madge gave her back a sympathetic look and then turned back to Peeta, stroking her youngest daughter's hair. "It's a little rough on her. My husband suggested this party for her sister. She died last year." "Oh." Peeta looked down at his notes and then back up. "This will be the best cake I've ever made. And I'm not charging you." "No, you can't do that." Madge said quickly. "You've got a lot of work ahead of you." Peeta swallowed. "I had a weak heart all my life. And I think about death all the time. Mine and others. Especially the person who gave me their heart." He placed his hand on his chest. "I want to help how I can." "Thank you." Madge said, tears welling up in her eyes. "As long as you're sure." "I am. I promised the family that it would be how I'd repay my debt if I ever met them." Madge nodded. "Posy can probably bring it after work tomorrow." Peeta nodded. "Sure. I'll talk to her." They finalized the order and Madge ushered her daughters outside. Katniss sat and heard the conversations around her, but she didn't really comprehend any of it. The year before she'd marked the day in tears alone in her bed, curled up in a ball feeling hopeless. She woke up today not wanting to be around anyone, but feeling obligated because everyone had put aside so much time and effort in such a short time. Posy showed up after her shift at the bakery smelling of sugar and yeast and smiling sadly as she presented the cake. There were primroses all over the cake, not just on the side. "Peeta said he worked all night on it to make it perfect." Posy informed Katniss as the older woman looked on. "It's beautiful." Katniss sighed, her throat tightening. Madge told Hazelle, "He didn't charge for it and then he went even farther that the original design." "Didn't charge?" Gale asked. "That's no way to do business." Madge shrugged. "He gave some big story about a heart transplant and making a promise to his donor's family about repaying them." Katniss whipped her head up at that. "What did he say?" Madge gave her an odd look, taking in her behavior as part of the grieving process. "He wanted to repay the family of the donor by baking things for them. Said he thought a lot about death because of his illness." Katniss dug around in her pocket and produced the letter. "Where is the form he filled out?" She unfolded the paper on the table. "I thought it looked familiar while he was writing." Posy handed over a sheet of paper. Everyone looked at Katniss as though she'd gone mad. And maybe she had, but she had to know. She had to know where her sister's heart still beat. "It looks the same." Katniss mumbled. She slid them over to Gale. "Don't they?" Gale shrugged. "I don't know, Catnip." "Posy? Madge? Someone tell me I'm not wrong." Katniss pleaded. Jenna climbed up onto the chair and looked over the papers. "You aren't wrong, Aunt Katniss." She said. Katniss kissed her temple. The girl was five and smart, but she just wanted to make Katniss happy. "Thanks, Jen." The girl pointed to each of the papers. "That P is the same as this P." She looked up. "Like in my books to find the ones that match." Everyone leaned over the papers once more to examine them. Gale smoothed his hand over his daughter's head, a proud smile on his face. "It does look a lot alike." He agreed. Katniss grabbed up the paper and headed out the door. "Where are you going?" Madge asked. "I have to ask." Katniss hurried out to her car. Gale ran out after her. "Damnit, Katniss, now is not the time." "It's the only time." She opened her car door. "If I wait until tomorrow, I'll chicken out and I need to know." He held open the door. "Come on, Catnip. Think. This isn't you." "It is today." She pulled the door free from his grasp and slammed it, backing out of the driveway quickly. She stopped outside the back of the bakery and pounded on the door, begging for an answer. Peeta opened the door with a bewildered look on his face. "Katniss, right?" Katniss shoved the letter in his face. "Did you write this?" She demanded. He took the paper from her, wonder on his face. He looked over the words, pressing his hand to his heart. When he finally looked up, she could see tears glistening in his eyes. "I am so sorry." He handed the paper back. "I know that won't ease your pain, but it's all I can offer." She shook her head and folded the paper back up. Slipping it into her pocket, she said, "I'm glad it went to someone who appreciates it." Her eyes drifted to his chest. "She was going to be a doctor. She was in the top ten percent of her class and she cared about everyone that came across her path." Peeta nodded. "Is there anything I can do?" Katniss shook her head. "Just take care of yourself." She turned and walked away. "Hey, Katniss." He called. She turned. "Yeah?" "If you want to talk, I'm always here." He offered kindly. She nodded. "Thank you." She got in her car and drove back to Gale's house with tears streaming down her face.