thoroughly, his hand slipping up under the hem of her shirt. She kicked off her shoes as she stepped back. "When I told my sister I was going to have dinner with you, she said she hoped I did more than eat food." Katniss reached into her pocket and produced a condom. "And Rory slipped this into my hand." Peeta laughed and pulled her close once more, wrapping his hand around the square package and her hand. "My friend Finnick has been trying to get me laid for months." He walked her backward toward the bed. She tangled her fingers in his hair. "Well, I guess they knew something we didn't." She pulled him in for a kiss as he guided her down on the bed. As he touched her, she felt her heart swell at the tenderness in it. His kiss was hungry, but tentative. He kept breaking it to look down at her. She nodded every time. "You can tell me to stop." He whispered as he tugged at her shirt. She sat up and held her arms up for him to pull the garment over her head. "Don't stop." With a nod, he pressed her back down on the bed, trailing his lips over her bare skin. Everywhere his lips touch ignited a fire. She tangled her fingers in his hair once more. His fingers played at the band of her bra. A whine escaped her. He looked up with an anxious grin. "Can I take this off?" "Please." She felt her face head up at the way was begging for him. Her body was hot and there was a throbbing between her thighs. She pressed her hips up and wrapped her legs around his waist. He chuckled. "Maybe the bra can wait." Peeta's lips found Katniss's as his fingers slid down between them to unbutton her jeans. He twisted her hips, pulling at her pants and underwear as he dropped to his knees beside the bed. Katniss felt a little bit of panic as Peeta's lips pressed against her knee and slowly moved higher up her thigh. "Oh, you don't have to do that." Pressing her knees apart, he nodded. "I want to. If you want me to." "I've never…" She combed her fingers through his hair. "No one's ever actually wanted to." "I do. Will you let me?" His eyes and smile were so gentle that she just couldn't say no, even if she wanted to. And she definitely didn't want to. "Yes." She whispered. "Yes, please." When his mouth made contact, she fell back on the bed. Her hands were still tangled in his hair as his mouth worked over her sensitive flesh. She felt the pressure building and she let out a low moan. She didn't want it to end because it felt so good, but she couldn't stop it. When he pressed his fingers into her entrance, that was the end of it. She stepped over the brink and gasped out what she was sure was supposed to be his name. It was a little incoherent even to her ears. Katniss collapsed back on the bed, panting. She registered somewhere in the back of her mind that Peeta moved away, but he rubbed her calf slowly. "I think I'm back to normal." She mumbled after a moment. He laughed and kissed her knee. "Good. Such a shame no one ever did that for you before. You're just so delicious." She giggled, covering her face with her hands. After a few seconds, she pushed herself up on her elbows. "Okay, get up here and let me return the favor." "And how would you like to do that?" He asked as he pulled his shirt over his head. She grinned and picked up the condom from his bedside table. "This has your name written all over it." He chuckled and stretched out over her. "I'm so glad I invited you over." "And I'm so glad I came." She snorted. "And then came." He laughed just before he kissed her. "My turn." She nodded, their noses rubbing against each other. "Do whatever you want. Within reason." "I just…" He kissed her softly. He whispered, "I want to remember this for the rest of my life." "I'll make it a night you can't forget." She rolled him underneath her. "I promise." She trailed her hands down his chest. "Of course I could just get it over with this first time." She pressed her hips down against the bulge in his pants. "This can't be comfortable." "I wouldn't mind that at all, actually." He fumbled with the buttons on his jeans, but she gently pushed his hands away. "I got this." She moved down as she pulled down his pants, releasing his erection. He sighed and stroked himself. "I can't wait much longer." She laughed and rolled on the condom. "You sure?" "Yeah, I'm sure." He grabbed her hips and gave her a roguish smile. "Don't make me do this on my own." "I don't want to do that since I'm right here." She lowered herself over him. His hands roamed over her body and she relished the feel. They were soft and gentle and she felt treasured for once. Peeta came with a primal growl, his fingers digging into Katniss's thighs. She leaned down and kissed him softly. "You good?" He nodded. "I think so." "Good." She collapsed beside him. "I definitely can't be the one to sign the checks anymore." He laughed and pulled her close. "Probably would be best." She melted into his embrace and lay there quietly, sure he was asleep. But he spoke, startling her. "By the way, I made dessert. If you're interested." "I could be interested." She fought back a yawn. "After a nap?" He suggested. "I need to text Prim." But she already felt her eyes drooping. "After a nap." Peeta repeated, his voice slow and soft. It was the last thing Katniss heard before she gave into sleep.