A young girl with long auburn hair stepped in timidly. She looked at Peeta with sad, curious green eyes. Her faded pink dress hung limply on her form. She looked even more ragged than the old man. The man pointed. "That's Annie. My girl. She's a little simple and has bouts of crazy. But you're the kind of man to handle her. Get her out of my hair." Peeta looked between father and daughter before he took a tentative step forward. "Hello, Annie. My name is Peeta. Peeta Mellark." Annie slipped her hand into the one he gently offered, palm up. "Annie Cresta." Peeta said, "Could I possibly have a moment alone with my betrothed?" The old man nodded enthusiastically. He asked the peacekeepers, "You two want a nip of my latest brew?" The men exchanged a shrug and followed him outside. Peeta patted the back of Annie's hand. "Miss Cresta," he smiled, "it is a pleasure to meet you." Annie's face relaxed. "Please call me Annie, Mr. Mellark." "And you must call me Peeta." He tried to keep his voice gentle. She reminded him a little of a scared puppy, her eyes curious, but still so very timid. "Peeta." She smiled and nodded. "Lovely to meet you." She indicated the chairs and Peeta finally realized he was in the kitchen. "Please take a seat, Peeta. I'll make you some tea." "Thank you, Annie." He smiled and slid into the closest chair. He watched her move around the room. It was organized similarly to the kitchen back home. "I apologize for my appearance. I've been on a train for nearly a week." "And I apologize for mine. I haven't slept in nearly as long." She sat the kettle on the stove and sat down across from him. "I had another intended." "I am so sorry to hear that." His thoughts went to Katniss. Was she all right? Had they told her anything? If they had, it would have been more than he knew. Annie drew circles on the table with her fingertips. "He was taken. I don't know where or how he is. And now…" She looked up, her eyes suddenly clear. "Well, aren't you going to propose?" Peeta chuckled. "Why don't we get to know each other bit first?" Annie nodded. She took in a big breath and spoke without a break. "That man is my father. His name is Thomas. My mother died when I was a baby. I don't know how, but the rumor is my father killed her in a drunken rage. Finnick always brought me out…" She finally paused for a breath and let it out in a sigh. "I guess I'm your problem now." Peeta gave her a calculated look. "I'm the youngest of three boys." He said. "We have a bakery back home." "Where is home?" She interrupted. "District Twelve." She nodded. "Go on. What about your parents?" He smiled. "My father is a wonderful man," his face fell, "who always kept us safe from the full impact of our mother's wrath every time she went off. My mother is…very demanding and particular." They sat in silence for several minutes, Peeta watched Annie as she continued to trace the lines on the table, leaning closer to the surface. Her lips moved without sound. She looked like she was growing a little agitated, her face screwed up and her hand moved faster. "Annie." He said softly, placing his hand on top of hers. Her head shot up and she stared at him for a moment of confusion. The kettle started whistling, pulling her back to the moment. "Tea." She stood and went about the task very methodically. "Do you take sugar in your tea?" "No." He sighed. Katniss knew that. "No cream either." "We're out of cream, so that's good." She sat a cup in front of him. She took a cube of sugar out of the bowl and looked at it a moment before she dropped it into her cup. "So what else do you want me to know?" "I bake. I don't know a thing about fish other than how to cook one. But that was only a few times when my dad was lucky enough to get one in. I wouldn't even know how to catch one." Annie smiled. "Good thing I know some fishermen." Peeta chuckled. "What else should I know about you?" She thought a moment, sipping her tea. "I'm twenty-three years old. How old are you?" "I'm twenty." He looked her over. "When is your birthday?" "Seventeenth of June. Yours?" "September thirtieth." He opened his mouth to ask another question when Thomas came in. Thomas looked between them and then announced, "Let's get on with it. I got things to do." Peeta looked between Thomas and Annie. He smiled kindly and moved around the table. He knelt in front of Annie and took her hand in his. "Annie Cresta, would you do me the great honor of becoming my wife?" Annie's lips trembled. This was the farthest from an honor for either of them, but she nodded. "Yes. Thank you, Peeta." He kissed her knuckles gently and stood, helping her to her feet. "Lead the way, Mr. Cresta." Thomas chuckled and stepped out the door, not waiting for them to follow. Peeta pulled Annie's arm through his and patted her hand. "Don't worry. I'll do what I can to keep you safe." "I just hope Finnick is." She said softly as they walked out the door. Author's note: So much thanks to LavenderVanilla for her amazing beta work and encouragement to get this story off the ground. And thanks also to my bestie writingbutunpublished for all her help coming up with the ideas to make this concept more specific. Go read their works! They both have some great stuff going. Thank you, dear readers, for taking the time to read this. I would love to hear your thoughts. You can find me on Tumblr at the url booksrockmyface.