spouse with a child so young. Peeta chuckled. "It's still a shock to me sometimes, too. Ryan is the last guy I ever thought would get married. But he and Delly are going strong." He leaned in. "Can you believe she's having another baby?" He asked. Katniss looked toward the woman in question. There was another boy about Sam's age helping his mother set up food. His name was Jason. Next was Carter, the birthday boy. A set of twins had followed barely two years after him, Jacob and Luke. And then another boy was born just a little over a year ago, Michael. Delly was only a few weeks along with this new one, but everyone was already abuzz. "Are they trying for a girl or a football team?" Katniss asked. Peeta threw his head back and laughed. "I don't know. I told my brother he needed to slow down, but he just shrugged. I don't know how they do it. I just have Callie and I'm exhausted." "Well, two isn't easy either. But I heard once you have three, you can't really tell a difference anymore." She smiled and pointed. "Looks like Becca and Callie have paired up." Peeta followed where she pointed and grinned. The two girls were now commanding the monkey bars. With all her archery practice, Becca had good upper-body strength and made it all the way to the end in record time. Callie, on the other hand, fell after the second rung and climbed onto the top to make an easier go of it. Katniss chuckled. "Clever kid." "Strong kid." He countered. She smiled proudly. "My husband and I have been teaching her archery since she was barely two." Annie sat down on the other side of Katniss with a sigh, her belly stuck out dramatically. "Someone tell me why I thought four kids was okay?" Katniss laughed. "Don't ask me. I barely wanted two." Peeta leaned around Katniss and smiled at the newcomer. "How are your other three doing?" Annie pointed. "Pearl won't stop following in Maggie's shadow and Maggie has about had enough. Thankfully, Brendan and Finnick are having a guy day and I at least get a break from pre-teen angst." Peeta chuckled. "Lucky you." Katniss looked between the two, still feeling pangs in the center of her chest, and then stood. "I should probably help Delly." She stepped away and Peeta gently touched her arm. That same odd electric shock made its way up her arm and she looked down in wonder a moment before she pulled away. "I'll come with you." He held out his hand to Annie. "Better keep ourselves in Delly's good graces." Annie slipped her hand into Peeta's and allowed him to help her to her feet. "I guess." She placed her hand on her lower back. "Seriously still have three weeks of this shit." She grumbled as she waddled along with them. Katniss kept busy the rest of the party. She filled cups of Kool-Aid and passed out plates of chips and cookies and pizza. She passed out two rolls worth of paper towels to clean faces and hands and used another to sop up spilled drinks before the bees and ants showed up. And she avoided Peeta. If what she felt was what she thought it was, she needed to keep her distance. She was married, after all. Her hands tingled to touch him, wanting to feel the sensation of their skin touching again and the pull in her chest only increased every time he came closer. It felt almost like there was a rope attached to him, reeling them closer together. She resisted, even ran into the middle of the playground the second Becca asked her to play for a while just to get away from Peeta. Katniss was one of the last to leave, helping Ryan and Peeta pack up the car. It was pretty uncomfortable. Delly sat with her younger three boys beside her and the birthday boy still running wild with Callie and Becca. Katniss finally called her daughter over amid all her grumbling and groaning. "It was a great party, Delly." Katniss said, accepting the hug Delly offered. Katniss wasn't much for hugs, but she made an exception for Delly. "Becca, say goodbye." "Mama, can Callie stay the night? Please?" Becca begged. "I'll do all mine and Sam's chores both if she can." Katniss looked between the girls and then to Peeta. "I don't know, baby. That's not something we do unless it's a special occasion. I don't even know if her daddy or yours are okay with it." Peeta spoke up. "Maybe some other time, Becca. Your parents and I don't really know each other and we probably should get to know each other better first." Becca's bottom lip jutted out. "My mom and dad are really nice." "I'm sure they are." Peeta said kindly. He bent down in front of her. "I tell you what. I'll get your mom's number and we'll set up an afternoon for the two of you to play together for an hour or two." He looked up at Katniss. "Sound good?" Katniss nodded. "Sure." They exchanged numbers as the girls performed a happy dance a few feet away. Afterward, Peeta held out his hand for her to shake. Katniss hesitated a moment before slipping her hand into his. She felt the shock again and saw in his eyes that he did too. There was a confidence there that frightened her a little. Though Katniss wasn't sorry for reveling in it just a moment longer than necessary. She quickly pulled her hand away and flexed her fingers. "Come on, Becca. Time to head home." The moment she closed the car door, Katniss felt the invisible rope snap. She looked over her shoulder to see Peeta watching her and absently rubbing the center of his chest. She thought about him for the rest of the afternoon. And that night, he was in her dream.