orgasm pulsed from her into his mouth, and he ripped his face from her to grab the condom. "Don't go," she pled as she shook. "It's okay, Katniss," he assured her. "I'm here." He turned to sit on the straw bale and pulled her over on top of him to straddle his lap. She wrapped her arms around his neck and gasped when he lined himself up and helped her slide onto him. Her eyes widened as he stretched her and flashed with a hint of pain when she enveloped him. She squeezed her eyes shut and dropped her forehead on his shoulder as she fought against the ache between her legs. He wrapped his arms around her and grabbed his discarded shirt to wipe the moisture from his face. He knew he smelled like her, but he didn't want to scare her with the amount of fluid she'd released onto his face. He nudged her with his nose, and she lifted her gaze to look at him. "Put your legs against the outsides of mine. It's going to be okay. A little scratchy, but okay." She shifted and grimaced as his dick stretched her further. "Shit, you feel big," she complained, but he stopped her with a shallow thrust of his hips. "Oh…" And then another. "Oh! Oh, yeah, that feels better." Her words trailed into a soft moan as he pulsed against her again. When she rocked into him tentatively, he knew her discomfort had mostly passed, and she was ready for him. "Katniss," he grunted through clenched teeth, "listen to me. I'm so close, but you get to set the pace this way. Go as slow or fast as you want. I won't last much longer either way. Just do what feels good to you." She nodded and rocked forward. An awed look swept her face when he groaned softly at her movement. She moved forward again and grinned when he cursed under his breath. He knew it didn't take more than a few seconds for her to realize the control she had over his pleasure because she quickened and slowed her pace every few seconds. He tried to stay quiet, but his yelps grew louder as he neared his climax. Her head fell back as she found a steady rhythm, and he spurted into the condom with a groan of surrender after only a few more seconds. She bucked against him as his thighs clenched with his release. Soft cries of happiness fell from her and bounced off the metal walls until he caught her mouth with his. He reached down to stroke her as she rode him, and it wasn't long before she stiffened again and moaned into his mouth. They collapsed in a heap onto the length of his sleeping bag, both breathing raggedly and gasping for air. He cradled her against him with one arm and attempted to remove the condom with his other hand. He slipped it off and tossed it into the loose straw at the bottom of the trailer before finding her lips and kissing her deeply. He marveled at the ease with which he and Katniss had coupled. He hadn't had a lot of experiences before her, but they'd been awkward and filled with fumbling hands and tangled limbs. After the initial uncertainty of what to do, he and Katniss had shared something much more intimate than anything during his other sexual encounters. "You alright?" he murmured. The darkness of the trailer didn't allow him to see much now that they were lying down. He felt her nod against him, and he chuckled. "The last thing I want to do is ask how it was or if you liked it or anything like that, but I want to make sure you're…uh, okay." "I'm fine, Peeta," she said quietly. "More than fine. Good. Really good. Don't talk. Just lie here with me." He settled his head against her shoulder and yawned. Her fingers threaded through his hair, and her breath skimmed along his forehead. When she sighed in happiness, he did too. His eyes drooped and his body relaxed until he mumbled, "I'm so tired, Katniss." "Sleep then," she answered softly. His eyes sagged closed again, and he melted into a sated slumber with the sound of her breath and laughter from the party that was winding down ringing in his ears. A few hours later, the rising sun glinted through the trailer and woke him, and he stretched his stiff limbs. As he sat up, he noticed the discarded condom and realized he was alone in the trailer. Katniss must have slipped away sometime during the night. Dread filled him as he dressed and made his way to the barn. He didn't see her, and he couldn't shake the fear that she'd run off like she had the previous year. He opened the box that held his tools and supplies so he could grab shampoo and brushes to bathe the steers and froze when he spied a square piece of paper taped inside the lid. Opening it, his face relaxed into a relieved smile. Peeta didn't know her handwriting, but there was no doubt the note was from Katniss. The words, "Meet me at the wash racks," were scrawled over a phone number. Carefully placing the paper inside his wallet, he untied his steer and led it outside. There in the early morning sun, Katniss stood soaping her steer, wearing another wet gray t-shirt that clung to her breasts. "I thought maybe you could go with me to check on Prim today," she suggested without looking at him. "The goats show today, and I want to be there to watch. You interested?" Peeta hesitated for only a few seconds—not because he wasn't sure but because he was desperately positive. He wanted nothing more than to spend every second of the rest of his life with her. With a conviction so deep it resounded in his bones, he answered, "Always."