will always overshadow my birthday, it's a fact of life that won't change any time soon." Delly blew a raspberry. "Oh wow, this is cheerful," she said sarcastically. " Come on , don't let the Capitol ruin your sixteenth. That's what they do with the reaping. Try and ruin out lives. Lift the spirits now because I'm not carrying them around all day and trust me, if you don't try, I will be carrying them." I laughed. "Okay Delly, whatever you say." Later that day, we were making our way to the square for the reaping. I wore the shoes Delly gave me, since they were brand new and she insisted. I worried that they were going to get covered in coal dust but she told me to stop being such a worry-wally and to wear the goddamn shoes. The reaping is always filled with an air of fear, hatred and anxiety. The square is always packed to the brim with people, the kids still eligable for the Games in the middle and the parents standing around the edge. I want children when I'm older but when I see the ashen faces of the worried parents on this day, I sometimes wonder if it would be worth it. To raise a child with hope and love, only to have them taken away from me and killed by another child who just wants to get home as well. There's no gurantee it wouldn't happen. The odds are in no-one's favour. Why is always so warm on this day? Maybe it's not the weather, maybe it's just the amount of bodies packed into one area but I feel like I'm frying as I stand in the group of boys the same age as me. Effie Trinket comes up onto the stage by the Justice Building, tapping the microphone and chirping away about honour and excitement. She shows us a video, voiced over by our own President Snow, talking about the betrayal of the uprising, about how the 13 Districts rebelled against the Capitol who supposedly loved and protected them, resulting in the destruction of the entirety of District 13 and the oppression of the other 12. Not that they weren't oppressed before. We had always been oppressed. The ladies are first. Effie picks out a name and pulls it open agnozingly slowly. I hope that it isn't Delly or Madge. Anyone but them, anyone but them, anyone but them. "Primrose Everdeen!" Oh my god, no . Katniss' little sister Primrose. This was her first year, surely. She was only twelve years old. Surely this was a mistake. Effie must have read it wrong. Then I see the timid little girl walking up the stage and I know it's not a mistake. "Prim!" a desperate voice screams. I see Katniss running up the pathway created by the onlookers and shoving her sister behind her frantically. "Prim! I volunteer! I volunteer as tribute!" No, no, no. Oh god, this was horrible. I resisted the urge to cover my face with my hands and wish it all away. Not Katniss. Not her. Not the girl I've been trying to look out for for all the years. I hear Prim screaming but I know it's useless. Once volunteered for, there's nothing you can do but step down. Katniss takes the stage, wearing a mask of indifference. I know she's trying to look brave. I've played that game before. When people ask about the bruises on my face and I laugh and make jokes about it. You do it because there's nothing else for it. It's either laugh or cry. And if I cried every time I got smacked by my mother, I would have ran out of tears long ago. Instead of clapping for her, I find myself lifting my hand and saluting her. I've never done it before, since it's only ever been done at funerals. But it's a sign of respect. And I greatly respect Katniss for what she has done for her baby sister. Then, like a stack of dominos falling down, people began to copy until the whole district was saluting her. I can tell Katniss was taken aback by this as her eyes widened and her lips parted as if she wanted to say something but couldn't find the words. "And now for the boys!" Effie said, wishing to hurry things along. I barely had time to pray that my brothers weren't picked before she had ripped open the envelope and announced the name. I waited. I'm not sure why. She had already called the name but it was like I hadn't heard her. Everyone was looking at me, why were they looking at me? Even Katniss, who I hd never spoken to before in my entire life, stared at me in horror. Had . . . had I been reaped? One of the boys beside me gave me a nudge and I realized I had. I'm not sure why I wasn't panicking but I calmly let the peacekeepers escort me to the stage. Maybe things weren't sinking in yet. It just felt so surreal, every voice sounding like it was underwater and every brush of air, touch to the skin, shifting of feet, felt amplified to a thousand. This had to be a dream. I shook hands with Katniss, meeting her eyes only for a second before she averted away from me. I turned to face the crowd as the anthem played us out and I saw everyone. Madge stood stock still. Her eyes were wide and watery. My brothers had horrified expressions on their faces, while my dad looked like he was about to cry and my mother couldn't meet my eyes. I saw Delly last. She was near the back, her hands over her mouth and her blue eyes weighted with sadness. That's when I officially realized. I had been reaped for the 74th Hunger Games. Happy Birthday to me. A/N: Hey guys! R&R with your thoughts please?