as an act of defiance and began uprisings which led to the rebellion. As I took out the first tape and held the golden one in my hands I feared what I might find in this one that she didn't tell me about. I was right to worry to. Dad died. In the Quarter Quell, dad died. He would've stayed dead too if Finnick hadn't of brought him back to life with CPR. The tributes risked their lives to keep both my dad alive. I don't know why they were doing it and I can't ask mum or dad about it without them knowing I watched their games. Finnick saved dad numerous times. A woman called Mags killed herself so they could keep moving without her slowing them down. A morphling addict risked her life to save dad from some venimous monkeys. For repayment for what she did, dad spoke to her as she died. Dad has a knack for words you see. He could turn an army to his side with only one sentence. And that had always been his weapon. Johanna also brought two allies mum had wanted to them, Beetee and Wiress. Sadly Wiress was killed later on. When they went to put Beetee's plan of electrfying the salt lake into action everything just went crazy. Everyone got seperated, Johanna cut mum's arm, mum hid from Finnick, dad went off to find mum, and mum found an unconcious Beetee who was about to do something to the force field. Everything went nuts when mum shot an arrow into the force field that kept them inside the arena,obviously thinking that was what Beetee was about to do, and blew it up. The tape cut off after that. I think that's when everything went wild and the rebellion officially began. Mum is now helping dad out of the chair so I quickly shoo Gale away and retreat into my bedroom. Mum has set an outfit out for me on my bed. It's the lovely yellow dress I seen her wear in her first victory interview after the games. I rub my thumb and fore finger between the silk fabric and sigh. Cinna, mum's Hunger Games stylist, probably designed this. I take a shower and slip the dress on. You have to dress your best for the reaping. As if it's a big celebration. Two white shoes with pink soles sit beside my tattered plimsoles. I didn't know mum had decided for me to wear them instead but I put them on anyway. Mum braids my blonde hair into a plait, just like hers used to be, and sticks something to my dress. I look at it and frown. It's a gold mockingjay pin. That makes no sense. I look at her but she just smiles at me before fixing Gale's tie. Dad sits on a chair by the kitchen counter and I tilt my head at the sight of him. Mum must have spent half an hour alone just trying to get his hair de-matted but it's now brushed straight. His blue eyes are fixated on something in the distance but I don't try to find out what. "Is he OK?" I whisper to mum as she leans in to put a necklace on me. She simply replys, "I don't know." We have to be at the square for two o'clock so we set off at half one. When we arrive I say goodbye to mum and dad and take Gale to sign us both in. I place him in front of me in the line and keep my hands firmly placed on his shoulders as they prick his finger for DNA confirmation. It doesn't hurt that much when they prick my finger but my eyes swell a bit with tears as I worry for my brother. I show him to were he has to stand and go to my age group's spot and wait. As I gaze around my eyes meet Maurice's. He pretends to cut his throat and does a mock hanging motion that makes me smile. On stage, our new mayor, a slightly weathered Effie Trinket, and Haymitch Abernathy sit, waiting for two o'clock. When the clock strikes two exactly the mayor takes his place on stage and he begins a long speech about the Dark Days (what they called the first rebellion), then about the second rebellion and it's success. He then praises President Lynn for bringing back the Hunger Games and showing us we are nothing against the capitol. When he finishes, he sits down and Effie Trinket takes stage. She coughs slightly and then her voice booms across the square, "Happy Hunger Games! And may the Odds be ever in your Favour!" I feel a shiver run down my spine as I remember hearing her say that on mum and dad's tapes. She looks from side to side nervously and then says, "Since this is the first Hunger Games since the rebellion there is going to be a twist." I frown. But this isn't a Quarter Quell. Why is there a twist? The mayor hands Effie a small piece of card which she immediately reads from. "To celebrate the first female president of the Capitol, there will only be female tributes competeting this year?" She sounds as confused as everyone else. People begin to murmour in the crowd but I can't help feeling a bit relieved. I mean, Gale's safe. Right? Effie chucks the card into the crowd and sighs before sticking her hand deep into the reaping bowl full of pink cards. She finally pulls one out and rips the seal with her long, pink fingernail. She looks at the card and announces the name written on the card. Which is one name. One out of thousands. The one thing I had never considered. The name is Primrose Mellark. A/N: So, that's it, please let me know what you think! I'll post the next chapter if I get a couple of reviews!