Prim" I say before leaving Hazelle who gives me a sad look before returning to her madhouse leaving me to enter the crumbling house near the end of the row. I see that Katniss and Prim are still asleep; I nudge the pair of them almost getting punched in the face by Katniss. I chuckle before yanking her arm and putting her on my the back of my shoulders making sure not to smack her head on the sides of the house before spinning her around and placing her on the ground then watching her try and steady herself at which she fails and falls back on the bed before launching herself towards me, she was a fighter to the core, a true Everdeen. I grabbed her mid leap into a hug before whispering into her ear. "You need to get ready into the dress and come back and help me get Prim's hair ready" I say and she laughs at the end of that remembering my first attempt at braiding which didn't go well to put it lightly and moves out of the room to get ready. I turned back towards Prim smiling. "Wake up princess, you need to get changed" I say lightly shaking my smallest sister. Prim is eight years old and possibly the cutest little thing in the entire district. Katniss may have me wrapped around her finger but Prim could convince an army of peacekeepers to march against the Capitol and she never fails to amaze me, I was planning on buying her a goat for her birthday and I had my eye on one. It wasn't the healthiest looking goat but if I could get it for a reasonable price then it would definitely make the money back. I would get Katniss to buy it later to help her learn some social skills; the girl doesn't talk to anyone other than me and Prim. "Come on up you get our golden little angel" I say trying to coerce her out of bed to get dressed, prim is also the only child to look like Ma with her blonde hair and blue eyes. She used to get bullied at her school due to her being from the Seam so she didn't fit in with the merchants and since she looked like a kid from the merchants she wasn't liked by the Seam children at first. I sorted it out in person by talking to several of the kids older siblings that if I heard about one insult about her I would make them regret it. Needless to say most of the kids got the message. Don't pick on Prim. Finally she sat up and got out of bed, slipping into some of her normal clothes. She was safe for a few more years so she would stand at the observation area at the back with those who had family members inside the reaping. After she finished getting dressed she turned to me and smiled. "How do I look?" she said "Like the most beautiful princess in the world" I replied giving her a hug and a kiss on the forehead to which she responded by give me a squeeze as if trying to crush me and rested her head on my shoulder. "Don't go to sleep again angel" I warned smiling and I heard her laugh. "Katniss she's ready for the hair beautifying" I said smiling at the end and Katniss came in smiling whilst Prim began giggling. "Come on little duck tuck your tail in" Katniss said whilst putting her shirt into her skirt, she raised her head and looked at me and the smile disappeared. "Ma wants to speak to you in the kitchen. I can finish Prim's hair and get her ready for today so don't worry" she said nervously. Before she could carry on with Prim's hair I leant down and pulled the pin out of my back pocket before putting it onto her dress. "What is this?" she said looking at the pin with curiosity "It's a mockingjay pin, to protect you" I say kissing her forehead before leaving the room to see what my mother wants, I couldn't remember the last time Ma had spoken this year so I entered the living room to find her standing there with reaping clothing and a sad look on her face. "It was your fathers, I thought you might want to wear it" she said opening up, did she not know what she put us through I thought. I put on my clothes to go to reaping whilst I was listening to her first words for nearly a year. The hurt, anger, rage all boiled over and the raging inferno of my emotions were set loose upon her. "That's the first thing you say after you completely abandon and ignore us and left us to fend for ourselves. I have had to look after everyone here as well as deal with Pa's death, we all suffered Ma but we needed you and you left us with nothing. No comforting words, no food and no security. Poor Prim has had to lose both her parents at the age of eight and Katniss has been destroyed by this, she doesn't talk to anyone at school and I have had to comfort everyone and work to provide enough so we don't all starve to death whilst you stare out a window unaware to our suffering. The least you could have done was help with the girls and help around the house" I say with tears in my eyes towards the end. But they are all wasted I suspect she won't stay like this very long, she will probably give up again and go back to her room to stare out of the window. I would just have to get Katniss in half an hour. Chapter finished Tell me what you think Good? Bad? Reviews are welcome. Flames will be added to fire of the rebellion.