started their little affair. In the beginning it had only been a convenient method to shut the other up during a heated argument with a harsh kiss. Soon the kissing turned into groping and then it developed into hard sex where always one fought to get the upper hand. Last year it had evolved some more as their sexual activities had gotten more affectionate. Effie had been yearning for his touch since the day he had departed for District 12. But it had gotten unimportant after her father had announced that she was promised to the son of one of his business partners. "I don't like what you are implying, sweetheart. You better run before it's too late," he almost growled at her. "Thanks for the advice, Haymitch, but I gather it's already too late." Haymitch turned back to her, and his face expressed the pain he felt. He wouldn't allow himself to get her in trouble. Nobody he ever loved had stayed alive. He would never risk her life that easily. "In this case, stop it. Whatever it is you are feeling, stop it. This is our last year together. You go and marry your Capitol peacock; I will go back to my liquor in Twelve. Next year you will be the escort of District 2. Should we attend the same party next year, we both will ignore each other like we have never spoken before. That goes for the rest of our time being alive. Got it, Trinket?" he decided and a part of his heart shattered at the imagination of how his life would be without her. "Don't treat me like a child, Haymitch," she retorted and folded her arms. "But your plan sounds good. The only mistake you made is to think that I would agree with what seems good to you." Haymitch let out a painful sigh. Why must this woman be so difficult? "Princess, could you for once not argue back?" "I would die before agreeing with you," said Effie deadpan. "But I most likely will take the job as escort of Two – just because it's what my father and my fiancé seem to have agreed on in the terms and conditions of our wedding. But believe me, there won't be much happening on the ignoring part, Haymitch. We probably will share one more games together, even if I'm not your escort anymore. My fiancé will expect me to have a child with him and therefore I will have to quit. You don't even understand how much of a sold woman I am right now." Effie sat down while talking, because her knees more or less gave in. She hadn't dared to utter any of these words before – she hadn't known who to tell. Her capitol friends wouldn't listen to this kind of borderline treason talk, and it wouldn't be safe for her to trust somebody with it. Only Haymitch – he had always been her exception. The victor himself was left speechless. He had been thinking about this thing all those days but his brain had been too soaked with jealousy to grasp how bad her situation really was. "How dare they do this to you?" he whispered. Effie was only a caricature of herself. Her attire was still there but the power had been blown. She had slumped in the chair, shoulders down, smiles long faded – he had never seen her like that before. As answer, she only shrugged. She couldn't tell her thoughts about the reasons, without crying, and she was not willing to give Haymitch the pleasure of seeing her crying her heart out. "You can't allow that. Be yourself, Effie! Be loud; argue for your dear life. Fight them like you fight me. They can't be much ruder as I normally get." He cracked a smile and sat down on the floor by her feet. "It's too late, Haymitch," she gave back. "It's never too late, sweetheart." His eyes were shiny and Effie thought for a second they weren't talking about decisions taken away from her only. Her heartbeat hammered against her chest; she clenched her teeth and her mouth formed a straight line. She wanted so badly to lean forward and kiss him. They looked at each other in silence for a few seconds but it seemed to last for minutes. "Don't let them take away the only person I thought I could stay with," Haymitch told her quietly, knowing very well that he was selfish by saying that. He should have formulated it differently but he couldn't. Slowly, he reached out and cupped her cheek with his hand. Effie closed her eyes and creased her face into a pained expression. He nearly drew his hand back, but hers shot up and to hold it in place. She pressed her face into his hand and Haymitch pulled her carefully down into his lap and embraced her tightly. "I love you, too," she pressed out, but it was barely a whisper against his neck. Silent tears were running over her face now. They held onto each other for a while, each enjoying the warmth of the other and the new conditions of their relationship. It would have taken them years to get to this point without the current situation. "We will find a way, sweetheart. I promise you. Politics are a dangerous, life-threating place to be. Tell them you want one more year as my escort, yes? It's not game over like you said on the train. The games are never over and this in particular is very not over, sweetheart." he said and brushed his lips against hers. Neither of them wanted to think about what was implied in his request – only about the here and now. That's what counted: being inseparable together. AN: I really hope you enjoyed it and I would be very happy if you'd leave a review so I can evolve my writing skills any further. Thanks for reading! x