games are. She clenches her teeth, slowly walking toward the roof with the unfairness of this all resting on her shoulders. When she does reach the roof (it feels like it took her years) Katniss suspects it's fully twelve by now. "What are you doing here?" She does not turn around because that voice, which is always like a dagger coated with ice belongs to Cato. She lifts her face to meet his blue, blue eyes which look haunted. Katniss tells herself it's because he still has that prey look in his eyes. His eyes narrow slightly, and suddenly she is the prey and he is the predator. "I am looking at the stars"- Katniss retorts, her words bordering on truth but mostly lies- "to see if I should be afraid for my future." His mouth turns up in sneer. "Maybe you should be." His words sound certain, leaving no room for arguments so Katniss ask Cato: "What about you? Are you afraid?" Cato turns back to her and she widens her eyes because there is something about him in his cheekbones and the way his mouth turns up like a dagger when he smiles. She takes a step backward, and not for the first time she realizes he is dangerous. It is just that thought keeps leaving her over and over again like a bird flying away from its predator. Oddly enough, it always comes back. His voice is quiet like a weary victory. "I am afraid – not just for myself but for the others as well." He pauses uncertainly then barks at her, "I know I look like I don't care but" – his eyes narrow and Katniss' head is screaming danger – "I do." He turns toward the capitol with all its glittering lights. "What about you? Are you afraid for your future," he adds in a snarl. Horror grips her throat and she sputters out in strangled voice: "yes I am." He turns back to her and raises one sleek eyebrow. "Really, fire girl? I thought your thing with lover boy" - and here his face screws up in disgust – "would keep you confident." "You know," he hurriedly adds when he sees the look of disbelief of her face, "like your lover will protect you and you don't have to worry about anything." She smiles mirthlessly and it is not unkind. "You mean use him." "Whatever, 12 scum. I'm just saying your life in the games won't be pleasant." Katniss feels the fire in her soul trying to burn her act of indifference but she swallows it all down. "Oh why is that? Am I any difference?" He stiffens and his jaw tightens. "Because you outsmarted the game makers, 12 and no one else did. You only did; what luck you posses." She blinks at him. "You didn't?" His voice is back to ice. "No, I just played my part like everyone else did." She tilts her head at him, trying to connect the dots Cato has given her but instead sees a boy in front of her. She does not see a killing machine. He smiles wryly and says in a voice that could break glass, "You were just you, girl on fire. Be happy about it." "Really? Well, I'm afraid that the monsters will come and get me now." He chuckles darkly at her and the look in his eyes sharpen. "What do you know about monsters, anyways?" Her voice goes quiet in stilled whisper. "I know enough about them." "Yeah? Where do you look for them?" Her voice is as sharp as a shard of glass. "What? I look for them in my head!" He stares at her slowly until the tips of his lips turn upward in a grin that reminds her of the wolf from little Red Riding Hood. The whites of his teeth show and it reminds her of a horrified kind of white silence. "Aren't you smart?" he says then pauses. "I stopped looking for monsters under my bed a long time ago." She swallows. "Then, where do you look for them, Cato?" The presence of his name startles her or maybe it is the fact that she knows his name. He turns his head toward the city lights and she can feel the ice in the air. "I, "he drawls, "look for monsters inside of me." They lapse into a kind of silence that is louder than her thoughts. Katniss glances at him and sees a boy trying to break free from the ice. She sees herself as trying to flee the fire in her soul. She closes her eyes and understands that she will always be burning and he will always be frozen in time. 'How utterly sad,' she thinks as he turns toward her and notices his eyes are encased in ice "I can't wait when you fall to your death, fire girl. I can't wait!" he snarls at her. She should be afraid; she thinks as his breathing becomes ragged but she is not. The way he says it – broken and pathetically human – makes her sad. "The same to you." The swiftness of her reply makes him unnerved. He brushes it off. He also brushes off that her eyes are full of fire. "Well," she mutters, heading toward the door, "happy hunger games." "Happy hunger games," he echoes and Cato feels as if she stranded him here. And Katniss feels just a bit more alone. A/N: Well, if this is trash...I'm going to go cry in a hole. Like I mentioned before, I would appreciate it if you find any errors at all. I might continue this and if I do, it will take place during the cornucopia scene. I don't know I will continue this at all because writing drains your inspiration fast. So this will remain a one-shot until I decide otherwise. Anyways, leave a review and come check out my tumblr. Link should be in my bio. Bye!