hiding in the area. The rain falls harder and we start to kiss. "I love you Demeter." He whispers in my ear. Before I could answer, what sounds like a bear growls and there is male screaming going on further into the woods. Our moment is broken when Lachlan and Sync both come running out of the woods with a giant bear at least 20ft tall behind them. They come straight towards us and past us and jump onto the cornucopia. "I can't let you die." Savoy shouts in my ears as he grabs the scythe and run towards the bear. I run completely the opposite way and get onto the cornucopia to deal with the other two. I pull out my daggers and shield and I am out of sight of anyone and sit down. I whisper to myself, "Please be safe." I then stand and scream and throw daggers towards Sync, one scrapes his eye, blood squirting all over Lachlan's face. Sync falls to his knees motionless but not dead. Lachlan has a sword which he pulls out and points it towards me. Knowing that I cannot get a shot on him with my knives in time a drop them and step back slowly. My heart beating extremely fast and I slip onto my back off of the cornucopia. Savoy catches me before I hit the ground. I know there is something that I feel between me and Savoy, but he killed everyone that I was close to in these games and last night on the mountains I vowed to myself and the rest of Panem that I would kill him. All of a sudden I feel like there is only me and him left in the world and nothing could make us part. Nothing of course but the rule. That only one tribute out of 23 others could become a victor. The victor of Panem's first annual Hunger Games. 9 The most heart wrenching sound is played into the arena, it sounded like a baby being tortured. There was cackling coming from the woods. It came closer and closer and closer. I jump down from Savoy's arms and jump up to Lachlan. "What do you want?" Lachlan laughs. I throw a punch which lands right onto his nose breaking it. Lachlan wipes the blood from his face. The rain picks up and the arena darkens. The cackling grows to the point where it sounds like it is right behind me. It becomes louder; honestly it feels like the cackling is surrounding me. It felt like flames were engulfing me in a disturbing cloak of madness. We both place our hands over our ears in screeching pain from the cackling. Savoy is nowhere to be seen and neither is the bear but there has been no canon so I take this as a good sign. I edge my way forward to get closer to Lachlan. Holding my knives in one hand, the shield in the other. It felt like I was walking against a current of water. The force of the cackling pushes against me and with Lachlan incapacitated it was the perfect opportunity to end this thing. Lachlan was crippled with pain; somehow it was not half as affecting me as it is him. I poise my dagger towards him, ready to stab him through his heart. The rain and cackling stops. Lachlan jumps to his feet with a strand of barbed wire in his hands. He dives onto me. I hold my dagger to his throat as he slices at my face. I stab him in his eye and pull it out, Lachlan screams the blood squirting from his socket and he falls to the ground and begins to have what looks to be an epileptic fit. Savoy walks up to me, so close that I can feel his breath on my face. "I love you too" I say to him. At that moment the ground shifts apart and the cornucopia begins with it. Savoy and I both jump down onto the ground. I fall into his arms and I know from now on is the hard part. A "Boom!" bellows throughout the arena and I know that Sync is dead and Savoy and I are the only tributes left. I start to cry into his chest and he pulls me up and begins to walk through the ruins of the forest, I follow him. Savoy starts to run so I pick up speed until we reach the lake. "What happened?" Savoy asks. "Did you not see the lava?" I reply. We both turn around at the same time to see the 20ft tall bear staring at us. Savoy holds me back and runs in to fight the bear. I cannot watch so I break down in tears. The bear swipes Savoy across the chest and he falls to the ground. The bear growls and I pull out my last throwing knife aim it at the bear and throw it with all my strength. It hits it right in neck and it drops on top of Savoy lifeless. Savoy screams in pain and I run up to him. The only part of his body that I could see was his head and he was only just breathing. The tears instantly start to pour down my face as he says his final words to me. "I am happy. You came into my life and made it so much better. I love you now and always." With that the canon sounds and Savoy's body is lifeless. He looks angelic and free. Free from the torment of the Capitol. This has been the best and worst experience of my life. I have had to sit by and watch 23 children die in front of me all for the sadistic entertainment of the Capitol. I sincerely hope that this would be the last time that the children of Panem will be subjected to this sort of emotional and physical torture.