a 13 year old who was a happy little girl known and loved by all the residents of her District. … I walk grudgingly into the room as I noticed Caela, Alec, and Jonas – our district's representative – sitting on the couch watching the recap of the Reaping. "Ah, look who finally got cleaned up." Jonas says as he focuses on my appearance. "W-whatever I can do for sponsors, right?" I say unsteadily, then I notice our district display on the screen. I sit down and smile at my own reaction to being called; a few minutes of commentary making fun of the moment before they move on to the next district. "Ashby Wolcott." The representative booms the name into the mic, and a dead silence falls on the entire crowd. "This is quite the interesting one; for those of you who do not know she is the daughter of District 6's mayor. And just look at the determined and angry emotion in her eyes; maybe the one to look forward to as well." We all stare in a state of disbelief at the situation that just unfolded; it was a proving point to all the districts that no one is truly safe from the Capitol's punishment. … Day 5 begins with shouting off in the distance; I tell Caela to get behind me and we slowly make our way towards the noise. My bow is ready and Caela has her sword drawn; we advance into a clearing and see a girl chasing a boy franticly making our way. The chase stops when they notice us; and the boy, unarmed, hides behind us. Ashby waits with a mace in hand ten yards in front of us. "You, Caela and Aaron right?" she asks. "Give me the boy and I won't bother you two again today." I look back at the boy for a second, noticing that he is Trent from 4; he is scared and stares at me pleadingly. "I'm not going to give him to you, Ashby; not while he's unarmed like this." Caela looks at me as if I were crazy. She chuckles at me and shakes her head; "Are you willing to risk yours or your girlfriend's life like that?" Caela steps in front of me and stares at Ashby for a moment. "I know there's the real you somewhere in there, Wolcott. Leave Trent be for now." "Oh, don't give me that crap, 5; whoever you think I was is gone ever since you killed Fallstreak." She grows in anger at us. "Last chance to hand him over." "I only acted in self-defense, Ashby; I couldn't exactly run away from all of you and I had to stand my ground." Caela makes her case to the 16 year old standing adjacent to us. I am curious as to what exactly happened to Fallstreak; I know Caela killed him, but did he really strike at her first? "Alright then." She tells herself, and charges at us. I aim down at her foot and shoot, with outstanding accuracy; but this only slows her down. Motioning for the sword Caela has, I brace for the impact. I put the sword between Ashby and I and it stops the motion of the mace from doing its damage. I push her away, and I give her a second to catch her balance. "Go!" I yell at Caela and Trent, and they take off back towards our camp. Ashby advances towards me again, with a try for my ribs this time; I am barely able to withstand the force by blocking it, but suffer a few punctures and a fractured rib. The pain is almost unbearable, and I let out a scream in agony. I drop to my knees, not ready to give up; and I watch Ashby look pitifully at me. "Fallstreak wasn't going to kill her, 5. He was like you in a lot of ways, he only wanted to protect me." She bends down and takes the arrow out of her foot. "Like you, he never would have gone for the kill. She killed him in cold blood." She throws the arrow to the ground and lifts up my shirt to look at the wound; I try to resist at first, but notice that I will not win. "It's not that bad, Aaron; but I will not give you another chance to kill me." She jabs me in the wound with a fist and fractures two more ribs. I let out a huge cry and look at her with anger and pain. "Just kill me, Ashby; but please, leave Caela and Trent alone." I beg her. "Oh, no, no; not yet anyway." She leans in and kisses me on the cheek and then grabs the back of my neck. "I am going to kill everyone else off first, then Trent, and then Caela; finally, I am going to give you the honor of finishing in second, Aaron." She lays me gently down on the ground, takes my sword, and walks away. I stare at the sky for an hour or two – drifting in and out of consciousness – before I see a parachute fall from the sky; it lands 3 feet away from me, and I reach for it with my good arm. I open the package and a vial of some liquid and a note fall on my chest; there is a sharp pain when I pick up the note and read it: DON'T GIVE UP ON CAELA YET – ALEC I pick up the vial and read its label as well: MORPHINE+HEALING SOLUTION INSTRUCTIONS: REMOVE LID, DRINK SOLUTION I open it up and take a whiff, and after a moment or two of hesitation I manage to down the awful smelling and tasting liquid; three minutes in and I feel instant numbing and relief in every sore part of my body, as well as my veins getting thicker as I drift back in to unconsciousness.