my eyes obligatorily, which is met by solemnity. Obviously, they're jealous. Imbeciles. I'm in the Justice Building no longer than ten seconds when Stella shows up. "Why are you here?" I ask promptly. She ignores this and sits down next to me in a quick, urgent way. "I shouldn't be here any more than you should, Pisces." She shouldn't be calling me Pisces. That's the first clue she's upset. I laugh, but nervously. "What?" "Why did you do it?" she asks urgently. I'm bewildered. I thought she would expect this. "Because I can win. . .?" I respond as if it's the most obvious thing in the world. "No, Pike! You can't! Can't you see? The massive guys from One and Two? The girls who can kill you with one thrust of their hand?" She sounds desperate. "I'll be with them," I assure her, an indifferent wave of my hand. "They wouldn't dare hurt me." "They'll have to eventually!" she cries out. That's something I haven't thought of before - what would happen to the Career pack once it was down to just them. I reply to Stella with silence. "I cared about you, Pike! I forgave everything you said yesterday!" She's crying. I realize now I've done something terribly wrong. I've hurt someone. And that nightmare I had last night told me. . .I care about her too, whether I knew it or not. I shouldn't have volunteered. And how many other people have I hurt? My parents, no doubt. I'm beginning to rethink everything in my life, just from Stella saying that. I could've been safe, I really could've. I probably wouldn't have been reaped. Now I'm stuck in a black hole that I can't back out of. I sorta-kinda hate myself right now. "I'm sorry," I manage to croak out. "I'll make it up to you. I'll win. I promise." Her expression softens, but her cheeks are still stained with tears. "You promise? You'll really, really try?" I nod. She throws her arms around me. I'm not used to affection, but I return it anyways, because I know she's broken up over this. I haven't been able to see through my arrogance. I don't need to be a tribute. Not at sixteen; I could've waited. Maybe. I realize that out of all my "friends", Stella. . .she's the only one who truly likes me. I've broken my parents as well as her. I've broken myself. Stella leaves, without being escorted. She doesn't even look at me. "I promise, Stell!" The door closes with a 'thud' behind her. And then I'm alone. The train has not yet left the station, but the Reaping and time allotted for final goodbyes is over. I received nothing after Stella. As Aqua walks in with a pained expression on her face, she keeps her voice level. "I have been instructed to inform you that your parents intentionally refused to visit you." "And why not?" I ask. She gives me a soft expression but her eyes are hard, "Don't get upset with me. They didn't give me the details, but it's a safe bet they're disappointed in you." I huff and my eyes fall downcast. I cross my arms over my stomach. "Well, kudos to them. And why would they be disappointed in me?" I ask, curiously, but sadly. She shrugs her shoulders. "Honestly it beats me. I'm guessing because you volunteered. If Coral volunteered I'd be happy... A little scared but happy." "My parents don't know what's right for me. They just don't get it," I explain with an irritable tone through clenched teeth. "You'd make a better fit as my mother, even, and you're only, how old? 18?" I ask genuinely, but there's a hint of mocking there. She glares at me. There is a slight hint of hurt in her eyes. I can't read the reasoning behind it, but I assume it's because she got pregnant so early. "Watch your tongue." She snaps, her maternal instincts kicking in. Her expression softens, "You think that right now, but they do want what's best for you. Obviously they don't think this is what's best for you." "They think they know me, but they don't. I know I can win this. If only they saw me in Training." It was true. Anyone who saw me with a sword knew to get out of the way. "Do you think I could win this?" I asks suddenly, then get embarrassed. We only met 5 minutes ago, how was she supposed to know? She gives me a faint smile. "District Four won last year. I wouldn't doubt it." She has a sudden pained look on her face, but she shakes her head lightly. "As for your parents, prove them wrong in the arena. Show them that you can do this." She gives me a soft look, full of caring. Deep down, I genuinely appreciate it. "Thank you," I tell her. "And I didn't mean to be so sharp about Coral. You're going to make a great mother as she gets older." I can't believe I'm saying this. It was out of character. But my recent conversation with Stella makes me rethink what I say. Aqua lets a smile play on her face and she crosses her arms as she leans against the wall. "No problem..." She starts to walk out, but stopped and said to him over her shoulder, "Listen, if there's anything else you need... You'll need to ask Sothe," she says. "Unfortunately, I'm not permitted to help you, although I'd like to." "Aren't you my mentor?" "Not this year, no. I've got Coral to attend to. I'm just visiting you and Maria before the train leaves; I won't be accompanying you. Well . . . farewell, good luck." She let her words stay in the air, then left to go feed Coral. I cross my arms over my waist, still lying in the soft bed, trying to brace myself for the weeks to come.