District 1 Wow she was stunning. Opal star, my fellow competitor and district partner. Her platinum blonde hair seemed to flow behind her as she stood restlessly on the stage, waiting for the boy's name to be called. I'd heard her name before it seemed to ring a bell. Oh well it doesn't matter now, I can find out later. I knew I didn't even need to run, the academy had authorised that I was going to volunteer and the academy's word is law. Boy was Glaze going to be mad. Glaze was the female tribute meant to volunteer and I think it was her last year. Oh well her problem not mine! Tilly began rummaging for the male tributes name and as she began to read it out I started my slow and steady walk up to the stage. I blew kisses to a few of the girls that I knew from training and I had a smug smile as I climbed the steps She glared at me I was meant to wait till she had read the name but what the heck. I'm going to be the next victor. "Who are you" Tilly demanded. "My name is Zachariah Martin-Novata and I'm your next victor I shouted. Cat calls echoed around the square and many cheers were heard. You probably could have guessed but I'm quite popular! Tilly smiled at me and asked for me to shake hands with Opal. I moved forward to shake hands and I directed a beaming smile in my districts direction, more cheering could be heard. Opal gave me a cold, calculated glare and I just shook it off. I grasped her hand firmly and smiled at her. She turned around and stalked off towards the justice building. Opal Star POV – District 1 Uuuuurgh! What a jerk. I hated my district partner from the moment I heard his name. One of the snotty, rich families from Hyde Lane, the lane where I used to live. The one with the huge houses and where all the important people of the district live. With huge lawns and multiple stories, his house was identical to mine. Or used to be anyway. I'll probably have to be in an alliance with him as well, because I'm aiming to join the Careers and he probably will be as well. I'll just have to ignore him then, since there is only one winner of the Hunger Games. I slowly sat down on a blue, plush couch in a lavishly decorated room. I was just about to have a nap when I heard a crash. The door slammed open and Ky stood there, his eyes red and trembling. "You can't go" he cried. "It's going to be too dangerous you might die and …" "And what" I asked quietly. I'd never seen Ky like this. He was always the more caring of the two of us but I'd never seen him cry. He shuddered and whispered "I love you" I jumped. Why is he telling me this now? I'm just about to go away to a place where I might not return from (even if the chance of me dying was very slim) and I was just about to tell him how I felt when everything faded black. It was two days after my family had died and I had escaped from the basement and seen the wreckage that used to be my home. It had all been too much for me and I ran off to the tiny beach in district 1. It was a tiny little cove, situated on the very edge of the district and nobody ever came here apart from me. At least that's what I though. As I curled up on the sand I saw a distant figure emerging from the tiny stretch of sea. He was tall and looked a year or two older than me. He had huge muscles and a tanned body. He was coming my way. I curled up even tighter. I didn't want to have to talk to anyone. A few seconds passed then I heard a panting and I caught a whiff of a faint salty beach smell. A feather light touch caressed my shoulder, picked me up and started running towards the huge stretch of forest closer to the district. As I glanced up I saw a chiselled face and warm brown eyes. A cute smile stretched across his face as he saw me looking up at him. "Ky" he said. "What" I said, what did he mean Ky? "My name, my name is Ky" his voice was like a gentle wind, warm and soft. "Oh, Opal. My name is Opal" He smiled and started slowing down as we came to a huge tree. He set me down and asked me what I was doing alone on a deserted beach. He asked where my family was and I broke down crying. I told him everything. And he just nodded and smiled. The images were fading and I thought I was going to wake up when it changed to a different scene. We were back on the beach and I was lying in his arms. I loved him. I finally understood why I got so nervous when he was around. I didn't want to tell him because he probably considered our relationship more brother sister material. I sighed, if only he knew. I remembered the scene. We were both happy and laughing and my troubles had seemed to fade away that day. I looked up at Ky and saw him smile at me. He leant down and slowly brushed his lips against mine. I gasped as the scene ended and I felt the same feeling, soft lips against mine and as I looked up I saw Ky leaning over me, brushing his lips against mine. So did you enjoy it? Remember to review and thanks to CrazyFangirl for the amazing D1 Female tribute: Opal Star! Next chapter up soon