but the burden of her loved ones' grief? How could he look anyone in the eye? And what would he do, hole up in the Victor's Village and drink until he goes blind? Peeta finds Katniss in the mud, delirious from tracker jacker venom, and cannot bring himself to fail another person in his life. Especially not Katniss. She runs, and Cato bursts through the jungle. Peeta knows how the universe works. The morning of his fourth reaping, Peeta chooses his best shirt: a light blue shirt with eggshell-colored buttons. He tries to iron it and make himself look as presentable as he can. No one escorts him. It's time to choose our boy tribute! He supposes he never knew how to play the game after all: two large screens, both reflecting the shock of the moment on his face. Oh, yes, he'd prepared for it, but it had been a different thing to actually be chosen, hadn't it? He thinks of the lists in his house, of the neatly folded piles of clothing he'd assumed he'd return to put away later. Newly laundered. And now the house will collect memories of him as it did everything else. The house has his blood in the grains of its wood, as much as anything else. He stumbles to the stage, and Effie Trinket calls for volunteers. He stumbles to the stage and does not miss the hard look in his mother's face, the way she squints at the stage as the wind howls around them, the slight tilt in her lips. Yes, one less mouth to feed. It will make a difference for the rest of them; he supposes that out of all of them, it may as well have been him. Makes the grieving easier. He turns and catches sight of Katniss, her jaw set, hands lying limp at her sides. She meets his gaze, and for the first time, he feels no compulsion to look away. If she's going to kill him, he supposes he's owed at least this. No, you can't kill yourself! Peeta just blinks at her, the sun catching the lighter streaks of color in her hair, the wind pinking her cheeks. He could laugh, if he thinks about it. Hasn't he been doing this the entire time? Killing himself so that she could go back? And now, for her to be here, playing a poor show at healer – He brushes his hand across the top of her head. Katniss, it's what I want. Haymitch pours himself another drink and asks him the question he's been waiting to ask all night: Why? Peeta never supposed he'd have as much tact as he does. You know why. The ice clinks against the edge of the glass. Yeah, well. Say I don't. Peeta sinks into one of the armchairs, curls his hands over the arms. "She has something waiting for her after." Haymitch narrows his eyes. "And you?" "I'm going to make sure she gets there." Neither of them say anything. Haymitch pours Peeta a drink, leaning back into the chair, and Peeta sips at it; the liquor burns stronger than he thought, and it takes him a few more sips to feel the warmth that courses through him, that makes his blood suddenly pulse loudly in his ears. Strong, he thinks. It makes him feel strong. "And you're absolutely sure?" He doesn't hesitate. "There can only be one victor. It should be her." At the horn of the Cornucopia and there can only be one victor; he can feel the leaden weight of his limbs hit him all at once. Katniss still looks stunned, as if she hadn't been expecting this the entire time. He supposes maybe she hadn't. He draws the knife and waits for her to pull the arrow. Cato pins his body down, hundreds of pounds of sheer muscle, and uses the small hooked knife. There's something about it that reminds Peeta of Clove, the way he grips the handle and digs the end into Peeta's thigh. He screams – he knows he can't help himself – and Cato just laughs, his face lighting up with a grin. "You let her get away?" Peeta tries to claw at Cato's neck and Cato just pulls the knife downward, and Peeta can swear he feels it scratching along the bone. "She isn't going to win this, you know. No matter what you do." Katniss finds him, his leg cut to the bone, bleeding, nearly dead. The Games are full of surprises. He wakes up and she's bleeding from a gash in the forehead, unconscious. He cleans her wound and tries to figure out whether her condition is anything serious. Her breathing seems to be easy enough, he thinks. But he isn't a healer. He thinks of District Twelve watching them now, thinks of Katniss's family and friends looking on him. Risking her life to save him, as if he were anyone worth saving. He presses a kiss to her forehead, and can't help but think that she's incredibly brave and incredibly stupid. She thinks it's a joke. He thinks of his room in the house – emptied now of his things, probably – and the bakery, still trying to get by, still trying to make a profit. The cakes will perhaps be frosted by his mother now, her shaking, unsteady hand a large contrast to his, but perhaps no one will notice. He presses his thumb against the bruise at the back of his neck. The last place his mother had hit him. Don't die for me. You won't be doing me any favors. All right? Peeta escapes from Cato, bleeding, nearly dead. He sinks into the mud and the marshy grass, covering his entire body. At least if he dies here, he can die looking up at the sky. He does not think of his parents. He sings the valley song to the wind – a last hymn – and waits for the cannon.