of sharing something so intimate with someone had frightened me but I see it differently now. I see it as a way to express my love for Peeta, to show how much he means to me, even if it means giving up my body for him, I'd gladly do it. "I-I haven't done t-this before Peeta," I whisper into his ear and I can feel my voice waver in fear and anticipation. I try to keep quiet, keeping in mind that I'm supposed to be experienced since I'm 'pregnant'. "Neither have I," he says softly. I don't know whether to be relieved or touched by this but I guess it didn't really matter if he had done it or not. What matters is that I'm sharing my first time with him, knowing that he will take care of me. "If there's anything that feels weird, or you feel some sort of pain, just tell me okay?" I nod and I feel him position himself in between my legs. I've learnt what sex is like at school, so I brace myself for the pain that is about to come. I feel Peeta's tip begin to enter slowly and gradually. His eyes are on me, so he knows when to stop the minute I begin to feel any sort of discomfort. I wait for the pain but it never comes. All I feel is a small burning feeling but it's hardly called pain compared to the other things that Peeta and I have endured through. Once all of him has entered inside me, emotions I've never experience before come running through me. For once in my life, I feel satisfied, full and whole, as if my heart was never complete without him. Everything feels natural, like we were made to be together and I find myself smiling thinking about it. A look of relief seems to have floods on Peeta's face when I don't flinch when he enters. I wrap my legs around his waist and pull him closer towards me. I take his lips in my mouth again and we lean our foreheads together once we break apart. He places his hands on my waist and I breathe in deeply when he is fully inside me. I graze my hand over the deep panes of his chest and I nod, signalling that he can start moving. He thrusts slowly into me at first while he moves his hands up and start squeezing my breasts softly again. I cling onto him like a lifeline and whimper into his neck. "Peeta…" I pull his head down to my lips. Our kiss is jerky as we continue to move in sync with one another. The pleasure, the feeling of his hands on my body, having himself inside me, I realise that I am finally at home. We start to move into a faster pace, and we moan together into the midnight sky as we experience a feeling of ecstasy of having one another in our grasps. The combination of his hands on my breasts, his lips on mine and his full member inside me forces me over the edge and I groan as we reach our climax together. He gasps my name as he spills his seeds inside me before he pulls himself out. Immediately, I feel as if a part of me is missing but his body wrapped around mine makes up for the absence. We fall back onto the sandy beach, holding each other, never wanting to let go. I feel the thin layer of sweat enveloping our bodies as we shift into a comfortable position. Peeta lies down on his back and I lay with the side of my head against Peeta's chest. Our legs are intertwined and I can listen to the beautiful sounds of his thumping heartbeat. I wrap my arms around him and I look up to see him smiling back down at me. It's a satisfied and happy smile but I can detect a hint of sadness behind those eyes. I lean up and kiss him again, gently this time because our activities have left me drained and tired. I bury myself back into his chest. "I love you so much Katniss," Peeta says softly. "You're going to be the best mother a child would ever want." "And you'd be the best father," I say back at him. I feel him smile when he kisses my hair and not long after, I feel his breathing start to even out, signalling that he is fast asleep. It is only now that I let my final tears flow. I know why Peeta deliberately climaxed inside of me. He wanted to leave something for me to remember by, a child for me to have as his final gift of goodbye. I cry silently, thinking about his qualities that make him so caring and perfect. "I love you," I whisper to him but I know he won't be able to hear me. It's the only time when I can tell him this, I'm not brave like him, and I don't have the courage to tell him when he's conscious. "I love you so much." I lean up and lightly brush a few strands of hair away from his face. "You'll be happy one day, with a wife and family who will actually deserve you, who will give you what you want." My heart breaks as I picture him with another woman wrapped around his body with children hanging off his arms but it's what I want for him, for him to be happy even if it costs me my life because he would be worth it. I clutch onto him tighter, treasuring every minute I have with him for the rest of my very limited life. So that is it! Keep them awesome reviews coming in because they really do improve my writing in my opinion. Sorry again for those who wanted me to extend it. Hope you enjoyed it anyway!