reaches for the roll of parchment paper on the counter, knocks him lightly in the head with it. "I'll be back." She knows everyone expects them to get married. They were the star-crossed lovers of District 12, and that's always been the natural ending. Peeta doesn't say anything about it, but she can't stop thinking about it. She isn't even really sure that it's something that she wants, or something she thinks she should want, or something she thinks she should have for – for who? She's still unsure who she owes, or who owes her, or how much she owes. Cinna, she has never repaid; even Rue or Thresh; and what about her prep team, or Peeta's prep team? And if they get married, do Peeta's debts become hers? She loves him – that's the simple answer. People who love other people get married – that's what she's always been told. But whether one leads to the other is the question she can't answer. Late evening, and Peeta's making cheese buns in the kitchen, and she says: "I don't want to get married." She doesn't know what to do with her hands, so she just links her fingers and leaves them in her lap. They're too vulnerable here. She's too vulnerable. The open windows, the door – what is a lock against charging enemies? – and she has no tactical solution. She hasn't thought this through. "Okay," he says. "I need to take a walk." He dusts his hands with flour, fixes his gaze at the wooden counter. "Are you going to come back?" He knows she's running away. She should have known he would know. There have never been any real secrets between them. Not anymore. And now that she has dropped this at his door – she doesn't want to get married and she isn't going to give him the things that he wants and now he knows and the illusion of whatever it is they were – playing house, she supposes; pretending that they could be people other than themselves, maybe – is gone and he won't want her after this. He isn't hers. He wasn't hers. Something inside her twists and she can't breathe; she needs to go, she needs to go, the fence is open, she needs to go. "Yes," she says. She's nearly at the door when he calls her name. She stills, doesn't look back at him. "Forget it. I'll – see you later." She exhales and heads for the forest. The cheese buns are still on the counter when she slips back into the house at dawn. He isn't in her bed. She tears a page from the back of the book – I love you , she writes – and leaves it on the steps of his house, beneath a cheese bun wrapped in parchment. The phone rings: "What do you want, Katniss?" No malice or anger – just a direct question. His voice sounds tinny and tired, and she wonders if it's the connection. A house away – and somehow, it's too much distance to bear. "I don't know," she says. "I ... don't want you to go away." "I'm here," he says. She exhales, closing her eyes. If she listens hard enough, she can hear him breathing. "I didn't want to lie to you." Anymore, she thinks. "Then don't. If you want me to leave, I'll leave. If you don't want this, then I won't – we can end it." "I don't want to get married," she says. "You don't belong to me. It's too much." "Then we won't." "But don't you want that? What do you want?" His laugh is drier than she expects, and she thinks of stumbling over him in the woods of the arena. "I want to wake up every morning, and be me. And not have any questions about that. And I want to know that you're still here, and that we love each other. That's it." She toys with the cord. "You make it sound so simple." It winds around her wrist. "I hear that's what it is for other people. Simple." "Okay." She doesn't hang up the phone, and the line stays on through to the morning. It's Saturday, early morning, and she's in the kitchen, wearing one of his shirts. It hangs loosely on her, but it's comfortable and it smells faintly of him. She has dough and it's risen with no real problems that she can tell, and Peeta is upstairs and everything has the feel of settlement to it. They're settling. It's comforting – like she can set her heels on the ground and not feel the impulse to sprint again. The bread goes in the oven and she waits. Everything smells like burning bread. Peeta toes downstairs and finds the room slightly smoky, still fragrant with dough and herbs and charcoal. Katniss coughs. "I opened the windows." "Looks like it helped." She scowls. "It was worse before, you know." "You all right?" She holds up the burnt loaf in response. "I was doing so well, up until – " She waves her hand. He grins. "You tried to make bread?" "I did make bread. Jackass. It just got a little overdone." "A little." He takes the loaf from her hands: the crust scorched beyond recognition, the center of the loaf as hard as a stale loaf. Still holding its shape. "I wanted to make you bread," she says, reaching for the loaf. She snaps it in half in her fingers, hands him the other. "Toasted," he says. She tries to repress a smile, biting firmly down on her lip. "Better than your attempts at hunting, anyway." A grey day – wet season in District 12 and there's rain lashing at the shutters – Peeta's still sleeping, and the house is cool. There's a melody stuck in her head – nothing she can place – and she can't keep from humming around the house. She cuts her hair.