frantically. "Then will you go on a date?" I ask her and her head nods even faster. I pick her up and spin her around. "Great now I'm gonna go get you some of my clothes." I tell her as I run up the stairs. She starts to protest, running after me, but I cut her off with a kiss. "I want you to wear my clothes Katniss." I wink at her and walk into my room. I go to my closet and pick out one of my best sweaters. I slip it over Katniss's head and she smirks at me. "What?" I ask and take out a pair of jeans. "I can dress myself Peeta." She confirms and I laugh. "Okay missy." I tease her by poking her nose. I slide the jeans on while Katniss turns around and I hand her a pair and a belt. She looks at me. "I don't want any peeping tom. Turn around." She commands and I laugh. I turn around and then she continues. "And cover your eyes." She adds and I sigh. But I do cover my eyes and she yells out when I can look. I grin and turn her way. I like my clothes on her. I decide. "Okay, where are we going?" She asks. I smile and think for a moment. "How about… It's a surprise!" I tell her excitedly. I know she likes eating ice cream in the winter. So I'll take her to the only ice cream shop open in the winter. It's such a perfect idea. Or so I thought, until we got onto the road… 5 MINUTES OF DRIVING (NO ONES POV) The drunk driver crashes into Katniss's side of the truck and she flies to the windshield. Peeta gasps and let's go of the wheel. He grabs Katniss and two other cars smash into the side of Peeta's truck. Katniss is on the verge of passing out but she manages to sit up and try to save Peeta. More and more cars crash into the truck, some backing up and running back into them. The cold hit's the skin of both of them and last minute, Katniss throws her body over Peeta's. The Truck roll over and they both flip, Katniss knowing it would happen, took the fall for Peeta. Peeta panics and tries to keep Katniss's eyes open for just a little longer. "Katniss! Katniss please! I waited forever to have you and now that I do I can't live without you! Please stay with me!" Peeta screams but he can already feel the blood dripping of her body by the bucket. The glass had entered her back but she's still breathing. "Peeta. I love you. I want you to be happy. I'll be with you soon." She chokes out. Peeta starts to cry and the top of the roof falls apart. Snowflakes dissolve in her blood. "I love you to Katniss. So much. And you won't have to wait long. I'll be with you soon." Peeta promises as the tears slide frantically down his face. He knows she's lost. So he will be to. Katniss breaths her last breath and Peeta cries out. He carries Katniss out of the car, even if his leg is broken, he carries her. They make it to the lawn of one of the neighboring restaurants and Peeta falls, covered in blood. He lays there, the pain in his leg no where close to the one in his heart. Katniss is dead. She isn't here any more. Peeta is set on joining her soon. Peeta decides to stay with Katniss longer, even if she is dead. A little bit turns to two hours and that turns into a day. The snow has covered both of them and slowly, Peeta dies, freezing to death. IN THE NEWS PAPER THE NEXT DAY The Savior's Love By: Johanna Mason Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark were out on the road when several trucks ran into them. The truck was damaged everywhere. Katniss Everdeen supposedly threw herself over, Peeta Mellark, in an act to save him. It worked but she receives a severe stab in the back with the long jagged piece of glass from the windshield . From the looks of it, Peeta Mellark was carrying her to a safer place. But he collapsed, due to his broken leg, in front of a restaurant. They were both buried in snow. Katniss died before they made it there but Peeta Mellark stayed with her. He stayed with her until he went to his icy grave. They were both found the next day when a dog sniffed them out. The couple that had seen this happen were truly scared. Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark were buried side by side by the closest man to them, Haymitch Abernathy. There grave stone read, To the couple that always brought out our bright side when the darkest clouds loomed above us, we love you Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark. A/N: Okay I want you to review for me and tell me what you thought :P I have other stories and I am making a new one also. Please guys! I know some of you are strictly Peetniss, but I promise you will LOVE Karvel (Katniss and Marvel) If you just give it a chance! Us fans need more stories and I would like to read another that isn't my own ;) So please check them out! For me! And Katniss and Peeta, who died in my story. It was their last dying wish ;) So please fulfill it for them! This is my first Peeta/Katniss so I hope you like it :D I have Twitter so you can PM me and I'll follow you! :D PLEASE CHECK OUT KARVEL (KATNISS AND MARVEL) I will do anything! Please. There are lots of fans, so you can join us! :D Please just give it a try :P PLEASE REVIEW! AND DON"T FORGET TO CHECK OUT KARVEL STORIES!