out." "Gone." Training, Day 2: "Come on!" Glimmer whined plaintively, pulling at Katniss' arm. "I wanna go see the knives!" "You're such a child sometimes." She leaned in closer, pressing her forearm to Glimmer's shoulder and her lips to her ear. "We've got a shadow." She gestured to the little girl, Rue, from eleven, who was hiding behind a pillar. "That really is the most despicable, isn't it? This city is so full of glamour that sometimes you forget. But these people..." "Sometimes I wonder what they do all day, while waiting for a new shipment of children to come and die for their entertainment," Katniss muttered back. "Maybe we can't save her, but we can teach her a few things. Rue!" The little girl started. "Yes, Rue, we know you're there. Come on out, okay?" She crept forward to where Katniss and Glimmer were sitting on the mats, Glimmer playing with a knife in her hand. "Come, sit," Glimmer said, smiling devilishly. "We don't bite. Honest." Rue was practically trembling as she sat crosslegged, creating a circle. "You know how to use a knife?" "No, not really." Glimmer looped her fingers around the dull side of the blade and offered the twelve-year-old the handle. As she reached out to take it, Katniss gently adjusted her grip. "You'll hurt yourself if you hold too tightly. Loose—it has to be like a natural extension of your arm. Now, somebody's going at your throat with a knife, what do you do?" "I—die, I guess. I'm not big enough to fight off any of these people directly." "Wrong. You push it away. They won't be expecting it, and better your hands than your throat. Then you go for the eyes. As you said, you're small. You go for the eyes, the groin. Temples. Every weak spot that you can reach. Pull hair, scratch, bite. Anything to get away. The ear's good, because nobody thinks to guard it, and it can hurt like hell. If they've got you, you shock them with pain—a stomp to the foot, and knee to the jewels. Then you can run like hell. You don't stay and fight." Soon, Glimmer had the bewildered little girl doing basic knife maneuver and coaching her in blocking them without hurting herself. A weapon that you can't use, after all, is more dangerous to you than any weapon in an enemy's hands. At best, they'll simply take it from you. At worst, they'll use it against you when you've still got hold of it. "Rue, have you got any allies?" It simply slipped out of Katniss' mouth, and Glimmer grinned, clearly having been thinking the same thing. "No, why?" "Now you do," Glimmer answered cheerfully. "Now, finish up with that last one, and we'll take a break. Katniss wants to meet Finnick Odair." "I DO NOT! That was you!" Glimmer just smirked. "Regardless of whose idea it was, we're going to meet Finnick Odair. I figure that since we're all going to be dead soon anyway, we deserve some pretty things in life." "You mean besides you?" "Yeah, exactly. See, Kat? I like the little one." "Oh, no, you've already started corrupting her. I've changed my mind, you can't meet Prim. I don't want you anywhere near her." "You already agreed," Glimmer singsonged. Rue finished with the knife and threw it down. "Time to go," she said cheerfully. "If you really want me," she sounded doubtful now. "As an ally? All the way. We saw yesterday, how you were climbing around on those nets. Now come on, time to meet Finnick Odair." Glimmer led them to the elevator and hit the button for the fourth floor. It dinged and they exited—the rooms were exactly the same layout, but different decorations. And, conveniently, there was Finnick Odair himself, slumped on the couch watching TV. "Yes? Are you supposed to be up here?" "There's no rule against it," Glimmer answered dismissively. "People just don't do it very often. We just wanted to meet you." "Meet me? Why?" "Well, Kat and Rue were curious. I just wanted to meet the person that I'm going to beat." "Beat?" He was faintly bemused by this. "Well, everyone says that you're the prettiest victor in history. At least the prettiest one still alive. But when I win, you won't be." He didn't seem to be able to stop himself from snorting. "Cocky, aren't you?" "No, I just have the best allies." "Hold. Allies? Them ? Eleven and Twelve? That's going to shake the city to the ground, isn't it?" "That's the plan," Glimmer agreed cheerfully. "Also, we wanted to ask if it's true that you're in love with Annie Cresta?" "What!" " Glimmer !" "No, no, it's okay. It's not really a secret, really. Yes, I do love her. Very much." "They can't ever stop ruining your lives, can they?" Katniss demanded angrily. "Even after they force you to fight to the death, they can't let you live as you want to." "No, they really can't," Finnick said. "Sit, why don't you? You two should be okay, but you... I always liked Haymitch Abernathy. Funny guy. But he's a terrible mentor." "He's been okay, actually," Katniss defended him. Haymitch was trying. "And he likes Glimmer." "He calls me princess," Glimmer said proudly. "Yeah, so? He calls me sweetheart. He'll probably call Rue darling or something." "But he calls me princess . It means that he recognizes me to be above everyone else." Katniss snorted. "Hey, don't hate on me because I'm pretty." Katniss rolled her eyes and Rue, still unused to Glimmer's attitude, watched wide-eyed. "Audience is going to love that," Finnick observed. "Different districts. So how to do you two know each other so well?" "We don't. But we're learning." "Learning." He sounded skeptical. "Glimmer likes striking things," Katniss said wryly. "And apparently, I qualify as striking." I am insane. I do know this. Though I don't want any flames for OOC-ness. I did warn you. A lot.