"At Mrs Mill's," his mother replied, still fretting over his face. "She's letting us borrow her stove for the tesserae bread." Haymitch swore under his breath. What with Leif and everything, he had forgotten to barter at the Hob. He had nothing to trade but his hands, but still - they were skilled hands, and people would pay decent money for a bit of manual labour. His surname helped, as did the fact he had no problem with the more illicit of trades. Beggars can't be choosers, the rough voice in the back of his head always said. What was the punishment, really, if the crime could feed the family? The lash marks on Haymitch's back still stung sometimes, but they hadn't been too bad. It had been worth it, for enough money to feed his dependents and even the blasted dog for a month. "I'll see if I can beg some ice off someone," his mother offered. "No, don't," he protested, "please. It's not worth it." "Haymitch, sweetheart -" "No," he repeated. "It'll heal. Nothing's broken." "Ma, I got the bread but I kinda burnt one end of - WHAT HAPPENED TO YOUR FACE?!" Haymitch wiped the surly expression off of his face as soon as he heard that voice. Turning, he saw a skinny kid with a mop of dark hair standing in the doorway, an expression of sheer delight on their face. "Did you get in a fight? You got in a fight, didn't you? Did you win?" "What do you think?" Haymitch asked, folding his arms. "Course I did." "Awesome!" Denton declared, with that idolising look that can only be found on younger brothers. "No, it's not," his mother interrupted. "Let's have a look at that bread." As Mrs Abernathy inspected the slightly blackened discs that were supposed to be food, Haymitch sat down on the pile of blankets in the most insulated corner of the room, where his mother and brother slept. Denton dropped down next to him and stared at the bloody bruises with unabashed fascination. "Should I be flattered or insulted that this is the most interested you've ever been in me?" Haymitch asked, pulling off his boots. "Dunno. Do they hurt?" "Nah," he lied. "Don't poke them, though - ow!" He grabbed Denton and wrestled him to the floor, the ten-year-old giggling as they pretended to brawl. "Since when did you get so strong?" "Boys," their mother called, but Haymitch could hear the laughter in her voice. "Behave." "He started it!" Haymitch yelled, picking up Denton and slinging him over his shoulder. He ignored the pain of his bruised ribs as his brother pounded on his back. "Lemme down!" "Never." But he dropped him back onto the blankets anyway. "You have a good day at school?" "It was alright. We had to do history, though." Haymitch frowned. "But that's the best subject." "Is not." "Is too." Haymitch liked bickering with his brother. They had been doing it since time immemorial, and it allowed him to forget just how bad their current family situation was. Haymitch was too smart with his mouth to get a job down the mines, but now half the Hob knew him and as soon as he was out of school, he could work down there full time. Anything to stop his mother begging on the street, to get rid of the hollow look in Denton's eyes, to drag his family out of the mess his father had left them in. Still, Haymitch figured, it's not like my life can get much worse. On his mother's orders, he walked up the street, still wobbling a little from the hit to the head, to the water pump and filled the bucket. He held it from the bottom, his palm covering the hole worn into the base. The icy water stung his hand and mingled with the ash that had coated it, settling in his burst knuckles and dripping onto the earth. He splashed a little of it into the tin can half that served as the dog's bowl and handed the bucket off to his mother. "Are you going out tonight?" she asked him. "Do you need me to? I can scrounge something up at the Hob." "No, we're fine." Haymitch raised an eyebrow. "We can last until the weekend, anyway. I just wondered whether I should put the fire on for when you get back." "I'm staying," he assured her. He didn't much feel up to dogsbody tasks in his current state. "I've been told I should get a good night's rest." His mother laughed. When she did that, she looked so much like Haymitch's first memories of her that he felt only three feet tall again. "What I wouldn't give to see that. Go help your brother with his homework, will you? I don't have the brains for it." "Fine. But I expect three courses by the time we're finished." His mother clipped him lightly round the back of the head. "Useless boy," she chuckled. Okay, so maybe, if he lost these two, his life might get a little bit worse. And Ana too, of course. But really, apart from that, everything was terrible. His concussion was going to last for days. A/N hello, everyone. I like Haymitch too much to leave him alone, so I'm (slowly) writing my way through the 50th Games. Also, worldbuilding is fun, so expect a lot of it. If you came here from Alliance, I love you. If you're new to my stuff, I love you too. I hope you like this, and please let me know what you think. Um. I've completely forgotten how to write an A/N. Cool. Oh, and if you hadn't already clicked, the description for this story is based off the Choose Life speech from Trainspotting, which you should totally read/watch if you haven't already. The title is a parody of The Breakfast Club, obviously. Not gonna lie, I'm drawing from a lot of wells, here. Enjoy!