would continue this later. The Reaping starts with a message from President Snow. Great , the last thing I need is President Snow telling us 'May the Odds Be Ever in Your Favor.' "Kill me now." I whisper to Luka. "Don't wish too hard." And this time takes my hand in reassurance, which I needed, but I'll never admit that to her. "Hello young people of District 12, you must be so excited about the events that are about to take place today." The woman hosting the Reaping introduced. Most of the 12 year olds faces fell, mouths dropped, some started crying. But the rest of us are used to this, and remained emotionless. "What an honour it must be such an honour for you to participate in such a noble competition. Since this year is the second Quarter Quell there is a little twist that is going to make this year far more fun for you all." She was playing with everyone's minds now, even mine. I still wasn't ready to hear what was in store for us. I managed to keep my composure; Luka on the other hand was shaking again. I squeezed her hand to try and relax her. That was when I promised myself if she got reaped I would volunteer in her place. The hostess walked over to a white envelope sitting on a podium, I grunted at the ridiculous act that caused a few people to turn around to look at me and Luka to pull at my hand to give me a serious look, but I couldn't help it. She walked back to the microphone in the middle of the stage and opened the envelope. She let go of a very evil looking smirk. "Due to the start of the 50th Hunger Games that marks the second Quarter Quell, this year will bring a new rule for this year only to the Reaping system. This year the Capitol requires twice the amount of tributes from each District to participate in the Games." She read. This caused a riot. People were trying to run to their parents or just trying to get out of the square. At first backup Peacemakers were arranged to keep everyone in the square, then eventually started shooting at the people who ran. Colette was running too, but she wasn't running away, she was running to Luka and me, and grabbed the both of us into a tight hug. "Whatever happens, I wish you good luck. I really should go back to my place-" She was about to finish when I stopped her. "No, don't go back! Stay with us." I rushed out. She stopped for a second, and then agreed to stay. I reached out my hand for her; she took it and stood with us. Everyone finally gave up, they finally realized there was no where to go. The hostess looked very flustered when she returned to the stage; tying to compose herself. I couldn't help but find this amusing as well, but I managed to keep this one in. "Now, back to the Reaping. Ladies first." She stammered. I kept ordering myself; Luka gets reaped, you volunteer. I kept the words spinning in my head. She's not strong enough; she's barely strong enough to handle the Reaping. I wouldn't say I was stronger than her, I'm not. But I would rather it be me than her. She was taking too long searching for the names in the bowl. She eventually picked two. Luka gets reaped, you volunteer. Luka gets reaped, You volunteer. I had it on repeat now as the hostess walked back up to the microphone. She opened up the first name. Luka get reaped, you volunteer. "Delia Vonti." She called; I closed my eyes in relief. But we still had one more to go. She slowly walked to the stage; she was already in front of the stage when she walked out. It was her first year. She's only twelve. "Oh, congratulations sweetheart! Go and sit down dear, you have done very, very well." The hostess exclaimed enthusiastically. She sat down, or staggered. "Now for female tribute number two!" Still exclaiming, Luka gets reaped, you volunteer. Luka gets reaped, you volunteer. Luka gets reaped, you volunteer. She opened the second name, I closed my eyes again. Hoping it wouldn't be Luka. Praying it wouldn't be Luka. I had to put my hand over my mouth to make sure I didn't scream 'I volunteer!' too soon, but it turns out I didn't have to volunteer. Because it was me. Colette let go of my hand and slapped them to her face. Luka on the other hand threw her hands around my neck, determined that I wasn't leaving her. I had to let her go, I had to go up there. I had to keep as calm as possible again, but I wasn't managing this time. "Luka." my voice is shaking. "Please, I need to go." "No, no way! What if you get killed?" She's shouting. "I don't know, but I'll try my best. I promise." I pleaded. She didn't say anything else after that, but Colette turned me round and hugged me, she gave me an encouraging smile just as the Peacekeepers came and escorted me to the stage. This was like torture. It was worse because I could hear Luka's muffled cries in Colette's shoulder. "Oh, we have a gorgeous one this year!" The hostess is still excited, she's lucky they don't give us the weapons now. She doesn't have a hope in hell of me talking to her. I walked away and sat with our other tribute girl, who looked traumatized. I was ready to collapse myself. "Now to see who the male tributes are!" She's shouting at the top of her lungs now. By this point I had my hands over my ears. She went to the boys bowl now, took two and walked back over to the microphone. "Haymitch Abernathy!" She announced.