in love with Barric, her fellow tribute. Adlai was devastated when Barric was Reaped, and even more devastated still when she was Reaped herself. She would gladly take his place, but only if he was safely in District 9. The lovers are painstakingly aware only one may leave the Arena alive. *Barden Aeolus (18) With long curly hair, skin the color of chocolate, and a long slim body, Barden is stunning. This is a fact she is very aware of. A true girly girl, Barden is most excited to see the Capitol in all of its glory. She is very calm regarding The Games claiming, 'Like, I don't know. It must just not be setting in yet. I just feel like this is a vacation away from fields and dirt, you know?' District 10(Livestock)- Boys: *Weston Beau (14) pre Weston is a young boy who had a bright future to look forward to. He had a great love for animals, as most from District 10 do, and was planning to become a veterinarian. Intelligent and popular, Weston is well known and well-loved in his District. Many describe him as the most gentile person they know. This can be seen in the fact that Weston became a vegetarian simply because he could not imagine eating such innocent creatures. It is unlikely he will thrive in the Games. *Preston Grady (18) Preston's love for animals was less driven by his compassion, and much more driven by his sense of adventure. His job, which he acquired when he was only thirteen, is to train horses. This involves spending hours, days, even months, taming the beast and teaching it obedience. His love for excitement will work well for him in the Games along with his blonde, shaggy hair, blue eyes, and tan skinned look. Girls: *Larkin Keely (15) Larkin is the only tribute from the District to hate animals. She also hates manual labor. Blonde haired with light brown eyes, Larkin would much rather be sewing. She dreams of living in the Capital and creating gorgeous clothes. She would, at the very least, like to move to District 8 so she can produce clothing. Larkin would love to make connections in the Capital by expressing her passion, which just might help her go far in the games. *Charlotte Hadley (17) Charlotte, (who goes by the nickname Charlie) is very close to Preston and shares many of his virtues. She loves adventure and fun and cherishes every of drop of adrenaline she can get in her rather dull District. With dark brown hair and sparkling green eyes, Charlie is rather pretty. Many are sure she will make it far in the games with her charming personality, slightly above average looks, and athletic nature. Her extreme loyalty toward Preston, though, may add some complications. District 11(Agriculture)- Boys: *Weston Colt (15) Weston is almost instantly disliked by all. This seems to be because of his pessimistic personality, and dull monotone voice. It is almost painful to hear him speak. He talks slowly and without emotion, and most commonly about sad, unfortunate, or boring topics. The Capital has already written him off, as have his fellow tributes and even his District. *Stetson Ellery (18) Stetson is handsome and polite. Loved by all, his Reaping seems to be one of the most mourned of any other tribute. His complexion is dark and rich, his face is strongly structured, and his body is tall and muscular. Girls: *Arden Rose (17) Arden Rose is … strange to say the least. All that know her claim that she is completely and utterly insane. No specific instance in her life seemed to bring on the madness she possesses. It seems she was simply born a little different than others. The Capital is greatly anticipating her entering the Arena, as none are sure what will happen with this wild card. *Embry Chase (18) Embry's sweetness puts sugar to shame. Beautiful and polite, she is loved by all. Born into a poor family, she has always strived to help others, rather than herself. Despite her innocent appearance, she has braved many hardships, and always with grace. If she does not charm you simply by her looks, she will charm you by her compassion. District 12(Coal)- Boys: *Daemon Ryker (18) Daemon Ryker is one of the most well know people in his District. He is the typical bad boy and is one of the most attractive tributes ever seen from District 12. His looks are similar to his district mates, but are elevated somehow. Black hair lays in a perfect mess on his head and past his ears. His eyes are a steel grey, but hold life not usually found in his District. Unusually tall and muscular, he is the provider for his family; two parents and one younger brother. Daemon is charming, mischievous, brave, and attractive; he is a favorite this year. *Edric Amell (14) Edric is a follower. He followed his parents into a shop keeping business, he followed his 'friends' around in school, and he followed his brother into being reaped. Edric only hopes he will not follow his brother into a painful, torturous death. Girls: *Millie Valda (15) Millie has a dark story, which involves suspected murder, abuse, and longtime child prostitution. Not much is truly known about this girl, but many believe her to be nothing, if not strong. *Audra Kano (18) Audra is unusually beautiful. Olive skin, long auburn hair that curls down to her lower back, and steady grey eyes, she is a sight to behold. Despite her charming looks Audra is a very sad girl. Her uncle, who was her only remaining family, recently died in a coal mining accident. Even before this tragedy, she was deeply depressed. Many are hopeful she may turn around her mournful personality, simply because of the strength she showed when she was Reaped. Tributes considered much stronger than herself have completely collapsed the second their names were uttered, but Audra remained strong.