in closer to hear them, even though the volume was perfectly loud enough. I could feel Cato and Finnick's eyes on me as Caesar answered, "Yes, it certainly was. I'm anxious to see what she'll bring to the table, come time to enter the arena. And to be frank, I wouldn't be surprised if she scored among the top contenders when the Gamekeeper's results come in. She just seems like she has something up her sleeve." They thought I could make it. They thought I was something to watch out for. A burst of hope sprung up inside me, telling me that I had a chance to win this thing, but then I realized if I won, Flint would be dead. Just the thought of him gone caused the squeezing feeling to return to my stomach and I turned away from the screen as Claudius and Caesar signed off, a Capitol endorsed commercial taking the place of their smiling faces. "Well, that was interesting." Finnick was the first to stand from the couch and he made his way to a fully stocked table, similar to the one back in my car. He took a bite of an exotic looking fruit shaped like a star, and said, "Kid, you'd better start working your ass off because some of those careers are going to be serious competition in the arena." I didn't understand why he would be giving me advice so I just chalked his actions up to trying to mess with my head before the Games start. Nodding, I sat in my place on the couch and noticing Cato hadn't moved from his spot either. Then, all of a sudden, he turned to face me, his blue eyes trying to read me like a book, trying to see what I was hiding. It scared me, how intense his gaze was, and I grew very aware of how close I was to him and the possibility of having one of my limbs removed. I'd seen what he'd done last year in the arena and I really didn't want to end up like one of his bloodbath victims. "Yeah, the tributes from two are just as ruthless as the year before so I'd watch out for them," Cato said, his voice distracted as he kept searching my face, finally turning away when he found nothing. My heart was racing just from that brief moment of interaction with him and I found it strange because I barely knew the guy. I couldn't have…feelings for him yet. Could I? "Where have you been, Mirabelle? You're fifteen minutes late, we're all waiting for you and…" Everyone looked up as Effie barreled into the room, with me staring like a deer in headlights as she finished her sentence, "…you're sitting in a room with Cato Kingsley and Finnick Odair, the mentors of your biggest competitors." Instantly snapping back to his arrogant self, Cato switched on his smirk and walked across the room to join Finnick, saying as he passed the escort, "Hey, Effie. Don't you just look like a vision from the Capitol." Effie flustered from the victor's attention and fixed her powder-puff pink wig as she shot Cato a flirtatious yet reserved glance. "Well, I dress everyday like it's an important one. Thank you for noticing." "You've got a cute tribute this year. Tell Haymitch that if he plays his cards right, he could have sponsors lining up at the door for this girl." Cato winked at me and I felt a blush creep onto my cheeks, probably causing me to look like a tomato. God, I felt like such an easy person to mess with, letting all of my feelings float to the surface like that. "I'll be sure to let him know. Now, Mirabelle," She motioned for me to come towards her and I stood from the comfortable couch, "Haymitch and Flint are waiting for us, so if you don't mind, boys." Effie graciously nodded towards the handsome victors and then placed her arm around my shoulder, guiding me away from them and leading me back into our car. I could tell she was mad. Her lips were pulled taut as she whispered, "What were you thinking, fraternizing with your competition? Are you planning to get yourself killed as fast as you can?" "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to run into them, it…it just happened." Effie just sighed exasperatedly at my attempt at an apology and said, "Well, let's not mention that it did, shall we?" Nodding, I plastered a smile on my face as we entered the main compartment and took notice that Haymitch was probably already drunk so he wouldn't care if I was late. Flint was absentmindedly dragging his fork back and forth across his plate, but his head whipped over to us at the sound of our footsteps, smiling in greeting. I took a seat next to him and whispered, "Sorry, I locked myself in the game room and couldn't get out." I'd hoped it was convincing enough for him, but Flint knew me too well. "Sure you did, Miri. Sure you did." "You finally decided to return, did you?" Haymitch's voice was slightly slurred as he took a gulp of what smelled strongly like alcohol. Great , I thought, we have a drunk as a mentor. Yeah, he'll totally get us past the bloodbath . "There was an incident. But I'm sure you can overlook it, right?" Effie said, shooting me a look that said if-you-tell-him-there'll-be-hell-to-pay. Haymitch just grumbled something under his breath about going to take a nap and stumbled towards what I presumed to be his room. He didn't quite make it, though. About five feet down the hall, he passed out cold, falling against the wall and sliding to the floor. "Oh my," Effie looked absolutely disgusted and I struggled to stifle my giggles along with Flint, who had heard the thump and guessed correctly. This was going to be a long and eventful train ride.