pricked for blood which they wipe onto a card that has a citizen number on it. Lace and I push through the crowd earning many reproachful looks. We're just on time because when we finally get to the sixteen year old section our escort, Trixie Feather, is smiling at the crowd. Her bright yellow hair almost looks green under the sunlight. It contrasts horribly with the pink and red dress that wraps tightly around her chubby body. Her earrings are piled with the same jewels as the ones on her fake flower that is pinned to her clothes. Black stockings and pink heels help complete the look of a fat strawberry. I fake a smile and keep it on stiffly while the mayor drones on about the Dark Ages and District 13 and "…so the Capital picks 24 kids each year to fight to the death in a big arena…" and so on and so forth. Finally Trixie is ready to pick out of the girl's reaping bowl. "Our first contestant will be- oh this is so exciting!" Her hand brushes aside a few strips of paper, digging deep into the sea of slips. "Erynn Crevis! Please come up to the stage as our new girl tribute." A broad shouldered girl with puffy, thick brown hair pushes herself roughly up to the stage. "Any volunteers?" Her words are almost drowned out by a chorus of screaming girls. Of course they know they're not supposed to volunteer, but it is exciting to scream out the phrase. Unless you're the one who is actually going into the arena. Lace nudges me and looks at me meaningfully. I take a deep breath and open my mouth. "I volunteer as tribute to represent District 1 in the annual 43rd Hunger Games!" The voice startles me when I realize it's not my own. No, this isn't supposed to happen. I'm supposed to be tribute. Not this mystery girl. Trixie beams in my general direction. "Do we have a volunteer?" I can already see the girl making her way up to the stage. No, no, no. I'm closer. I step forward. "Yes, we do." I say loudly. Trixie's eyes scan me and then her smile widens. "Come up here, dear. It looks like we have our District 1 girl tribute! What's your name?" I smirk into the cameras, hoping I look confident. "Topaz Birdd," I hesitate, racking my brain for something else to say before Trixie heads over to the boy's bowl. "Damask Flown." Unlike the girls the boys are silent. Everyone knows Damask was supposed to volunteer. It's a coincidence he was reaped. He is huge, lumbering up the stage. Yet if you look closely he moves with a confident grace, rolling his shoulders every now and then. His hair is a light brown and sticks out messily. He doesn't smile. He doesn't frown either. Instead there is a permanent scowl on his face. No one will volunteer for him. If you do, you know you'll be dead before you even reach the arena. "Our male tribute from District 1! No volunteers? Very well then. I present our representatives for District 1 in the 43rd Hunger Games!" She pauses to hold up our hands. "May the odds be ever in your favor." A thunderous applause as Trixie holds our hands together. Damask grasp is firm and suffocating and it takes all I can muster to not flinch. Instead I look straight into his grey eyes with an unspoken challenge; I will be the next shining jewel of the Hunger Games. It seems that as soon as I am placed onto a leather couch my parents rush into the room. Their faces are still long and slender and strict as ever but their eyes sparkle with a childish excitement. My father's usual hardened face is soft with admiration. "We're so proud of you honey!" My mom speaks first. I brighten at her encouraging words. "That shout was simply amazing. I know you'll make a good daughter." My smile widens. There's no harm done if he doesn't know that the voice wasn't me. "Make us even prouder!" My mom ends. A Peacekeeper enters. "There is another visitor waiting outside." "Well, don't want to let Lace wait. Although…" She leans in. "When you come home, I don't think you should hang out with her anymore. I heard her family is actually on the verge of becoming poor. " She bites her lip. "Anyway, Good luck!" They are both gone. Lace rushes in and for the first time I notice her white dress and lace shawl. Why was I examining District 1 when I should have been talking to her? I stand up and hug her. "Oh. My. Gosh. Congrats! That was, like, the most awesome reaping ever! You are so gonna win! Did you see Damask's face? It was like so funny." She makes an exaggerated expression of a scowl and we both howl with laughter. "Shut up," I say. "I know you have a crush on him!" "Do not!" But her face flushes a bright pink. "Anyway even if I did, I'm still totally rooting for you! Besides, I've had my eye on Velvet for a while now!" She gushes. Then a Peacekeeper marches into the room. "Visiting time is over." He says, then holds the door open for Lace. "Good luck! I know you'll win!" I watch her retreating back. The door closes and I sit back onto the couch, waiting for someone to come retrieve me. And I smile. Because for the first time, I actually believe I have a chance at winning. My grin widens as I think this. Let the games begin. So the next chapter will becoming out maybe next week, or sooner, and it will be awesome because TrackerJackson will have written it. SO review please! And if you haven't gone to check her out then let shame rain down upon you! Also review. (Oh yeah, before you go, review!) *.*