sour expression on my face, and stand next to Cinder, who smiles at me. I ignore her and allow my eyes to search over the small crowd until I locate Cato. He sends me a look that says, "Nice," with the "i" drawn out in that aggravating, Capitolite way. I narrow my eyes and mouth, "Fuck you," before turning to look at Head Trainer Locke, who is spouting shit about working hard at weaponry. I roll my eyes and practically sprint off the stage when he's done with his speech, passing behind the section of fourteen-year-olds before I blend into the crowd of those my own age, wishing I could just go die in a hole. They're not going to respect me now. Sure, they'll respect Cinder, despite her place (second), but that's because everyone respects Cinder. Unfortunately for me, it's going to be another two years of endless torture before Cinder drops out (maybe) and I'm left to first place (probably). As if to prove a point, I just happen to push past Aysche, who gets up in my face and says, "Not so confident now, are you, Clove? Think they'd believe me if I said you and Cato were friends with benefits now ?" "Sure," I say, "But not if I kill you first." I probably would kill her this time, and she knows it. Aysche has always known it. Even then, a little reminder can improve the harassment situation every once in a while. Cato doesn't get top three. He hates having to memorise names, so there's no question that he's outscored by three of his fellow peers. At least he doesn't get cut, but the trainers have obviously overlooked him since he's still in first (having won the tests when he was fourteen and fifteen). More seventeen year olds drop out than not. You can effortlessly distinguish between those affected by the killing test and those not affected. The winners step up to the stage with lethal grins on their faces, their eyes taking on an entirely new level of danger. The dropouts' eyes are empty, their faces slack, their lips forming thin lines as they stare into nothingness. Broken people. Broken people who cannot deal with the fact that they have killed. The Results for the age of eighteen are different. Instead of a top three, there is a top two. These two- Mara and Flint- are the Chosen Volunteers. They are calm, collected, and confident. They are killers. They are competitors. One of them will win the 74th Annual Hunger Games. … At least, that's what our District will pray for when they're thrown into the Arena to kill, kill, and kill some more. And if they both die, then it will have been a complete waste of two lives. Which is why we're always intent on bringing them home. That's why we're always counting on eighteen-year-old Volunteers to go in, for best chance of Victory. That's why it's Mara and Flint this year. (Or maybe… if Cato really is that idiotic… Mara and Cato.) When Results are done, the celebration begins. They bring out a table packed high with meats of every kind and provide a platter of strawberries as our dessert. I'm not hungry, so I take only a few strawberries and search for Cato, whom I've lost in the crowd. Music begins to blast out of large speakers set on each side of the stage: the kind of screeching music where they pluck the life out of guitars and bang the shit out of drums. It suits the occasion. Nobody's listening to it, though, since they're all congratulating the top members of each age group. I get a few pats on the back- which is nice, I suppose- but I see their pity, masked by the niceties. They all know that I want to be first. They all know that I want to be in the Hunger Games and that I won't be outshined by Cinder Dawning. Speak of the devil! There she is. She pushes through the crowd, heading towards me, and I can't turn in another direction without making it clear that I'm avoiding her. Just as I find an opening for a quick getaway, she shouts, "Clove!" and I stop dead in my tracks. Aw, fuck. "Cinder," I say coolly, clenching my hands into fists as she approaches. "What do you want?" "Congrats on third!" Cinder smiles, tucking a strand of curly black hair behind her ear. "You did very well on your weapons test. I guess you always do well, but, specifically today. I even think you did better than I did by a long shot." "Obviously, the judges are biased," I sneer, backing away. "They always pick the pretty girls." "Yeah… um…" She looks confused, as if unsure to take it as a compliment or an insult, and then a frown befalls her lips as she gets the meaning behind my accusation. "Sorry, I guess. I just tried my best, like everyone else, and I wasn't even- I don't even care about- anyway, good job today. I actually mean it. See you around and… best wishes for the Election, I guess." Cinder melts into the crowd before I can even ask what's with her repeated use of the phrase, "I guess." If I weren't mistaken, I'd think she was nervous. Oh, what the hell! She should be nervous. She'd better be nervous. Names/Origins: Saber- Sword with a curved blade. Ghostlium- "Folium" means leaf in Latin, so the translation is "Ghost-leaf," or rather, "no-leaves." Head Trainer Locke- Stolen from CelticGames4's HGH and HGH:TNC, who stole it from Wetstar... Locke is an OC, and I liked the name. (Is it plagarism if the character is only mentioned once?) Sylvia- A female reproduction of my friend, Sylvester, who calls himself "Sly" as well. Aysche- Pronounced "Ay-sha." I created her such a long time ago I can't remember the origins. Mara- Derives from the word "mar." Flint should be self-explanatory.