I must kill you," he replied, voice low and grating. Stoic smiled. "I surrender," he repeated, his fingers ghosting down Death's shirt and trailing under the hem, tracing the bare skin. "I surrender to what I want most before death. A-" he leaned closer "-good-" his lips brushed the shell of Death's ear "- fuck ." A certain opponent's breath caught in his throat and Stoic barely managed to contain a smug grin. "Weaponless," Death muttered, his eyes gloating as he removed a knife from his sponsor-bought Kevlar vest. The knife was a dainty thing, the sort of weapon one would use to slowly and meticulously torture another to death, and Stoic took this as a good sign. "Why are you-" he moved the knife up to District Five's lips "-such an idiot?" and he gracefully drew the point across the red-pigmented skin, once, twice, thrice. Stoic's lips stung as Death leaned over and kissed them furiously, shoving his tongue into his suspecting mouth. Death tasted of blood. Stoic's blood. "Infatuation-" Stoic murmured, unzipping his counterpart's vest and removing the shirt, while his fingernails left faint scratches on olive skin, "-isn't idiocy." Nipples were pinched and pierced, moans expelled, hair pulled and cut off, pants discarded. A tongue probed his, a tongue that tasted of salt and iron because of the cuts on his lips and where the knife had sliced his dimples. Stoic ignored the pain. Deception came with a price, and the price was high these days, for Death was dangerous and he wasn't going to stop until Stoic put and end to him, or he put an end to Stoic. Feverish hands gripped his cock, and Stoic was good at pretending, even when the knife descended and trailed small cuts up his thighs. The image of a different scenario was his only reprieve as he reciprocated without a knife of his own- pressing against Death, scratching Death, imitating the sound of a moan. Death's eyes were open and piercing his, the look of a serial killer adorning his features: a sick, mad sort of love. Somehow they ended up lying on the ground, and somehow Death pressed into him, and the pain might have been blinding but he pretended as if he was enjoying it- because that was all he could do, really. Stoic took the thrusts and allowed himself to be immersed in an agonized haze while Death climbed high with ecstasy. He couldn't feel the knife as it cut letters into his chest and across his forehead, the signature move of the male tribute from District One. This time, he was a W-H-O-R-E. This time, he was taken by D-E-A-T-H. He fingered the lightning bolt necklace and waited until Death screamed in pleasure before pressing a small button on the side of the bolt. The pendant elongated to form a spike, laced with poison. As Death rode out another wave of ecstasy, as his eyes closed tight and a smirk adorned his blood-coated lips, Stoic plunged the spike into the side of his opponent's neck. Death's eyes flew open in shock, his knife jabbing out in reflex but missing its mark. An accusatory stare was directed at Stoic, who jumped away from Death to avoid District One's last, flailing attempts at murder. The poison, of course, spread quickly- so quickly that Death was paralyzed by the time he thought to jump to his feet and take out his revenge. His lungs failed him, his heart failed him, and the accusatory stare glazed over almost immediately. Forever looking in the direction of where Stoic stood. Or rather, where Stoic had stood. For the Victor from District Five crumpled, falling to his knees in defeat, and ultimately fell unconscious from trauma and blood loss. And that, my friends, is the tale of Stoic's victory. xx. how he won It was often speculated how Stoic won the Twenty-Fifth Annual Hunger Games. He was never intended to win, but somehow, he did. Was it his skill in hand-to-hand combat? Was it his sense of duty that granted his opponents no mercy? Was it his bravery? His ability to gain sponsors? His powerful sense of seduction? His mosquito-like tendencies? "No," Stoic would tell them. "The answer is simple." And simple it was. How did Stoic win the Twenty-Fifth Annual Hunger Games, you ask? He killed Death. This action was forever infamous, especially in its metaphorical meaning. Nobody can possibly kill death because death is murder itself. Yet a boy of seventeen was able to conquer the supposedly unconquerable. It's funny how humanity makes assumptions based on the characteristics of others. Because Stoic was named Stoic, one took for granted that he was without meaningful feelings, for your average stoic can endure most pain and hardship that others cannot. Because Death was named Death, one took for granted that he could survive the Hunger Games, despite his standard height and regular features. Because death can be caused by murder, but death cannot be murdered. Mankind, with a few exceptions, is driven by assumption. Sometimes, we are correct. Sometimes, we aren't. The question is, why are we surprised when our assumptions are proven incorrect? And once our assumptions are proven incorrect, why do we avoid speaking against them? When Stoic won, people took aspects of his personality and actions and twisted them into excuses that didn't pinpoint the exact reason, because they couldn't admit that Stoic. Killed. Death. Could we blame them? No. If we did, we'd all be hypocrites. The human race is often faced with complicated questions. We don't realize that sometimes, complicated questions have simple answers. So when Vendetta's grandmother approached Stoic and asked him why he murdered her granddaughter, he replied, "I respected the fact that she was a worthy opponent." Vendetta's grandmother promptly invited him to dinner. dinner |'dinər| noun 1. the main meal of the day, typically taken in the evening 2. a formal evening meal, typically one in honor of a person or event {end}