Of course, we don't succeed in getting to Snow. We only succeed in getting people killed. We try to approach the mansion hidden in the sewers under the city, but Messalla sets off a pod, and Leeg, Castor, and Gale are mauled by lizard-mutts. Peeta, Finnick, Pollux, Cressida, and I hole up in a hidden room under a sympathetic stylist's shop, and I spend most of that night crying over everything I've lost. "You're all I have left," I tell Peeta tearfully. "I can't lose you. Not after Prim, and Gale, and District Twelve…" "You won't lose me, Peeta says. "I'll never leave you." "But what if you die?" I choke out. "It's just like when Prim and I were in the arena," Peeta says softly. "We'll face death together. Whether we die or we live, we'll do it together." "Together," I repeat. ... The next day, we get to City Circle just in time to see Snow drop bombs onto innocent children he had penned in front of his mansion as human shields. Many rebel medics who rush to the scene are killed as well. When we attempt to enter the presidential mansion, we're stopped by the Thirteen soldiers occupying it, and brought to an office occupied by Soldier Jackson. "Where's Snow?" I ask her. "He's in custody," she says. "Most of the remaining Peacekeepers threw down their arms when those kids were killed. We arrested Snow when we took the mansion this morning." "Where's Coin?" I ask next. Jackson gives me a rueful smile. "She's in custody as well." She enjoys everyone's surprised expressions before explaining further. "When I got back to base camp I compared our holo with the one issued to Commander Simmons from Squad 357. There were many significant differences, pods labeled differently, pods that were marked on the 357 holo that were missing entirely from the 451 holo. Combine that with what Boggs told Homes just before he died, and it's clear that Coin was sabotaging Squad 451." We all know Homes is lying, but it doesn't matter. "They're both going to be executed?" Peeta asks. "Well, we won't know that until their trials have concluded," Jackson says, "but yes." Surprisingly, it's Cressida who speaks next. "Good," is all she says. Jackson seems almost amused. "Can I kill them?" I ask her. "The revelation that the president in charge of the rebellion was sabotaging her own soldiers in the field has shaken everyone," Jackson says. "It would help pull everyone together to have the sister of the Mockingjay and her surviving co-victor there to execute the two criminal presidents. Fire the symbolic last shots of the war, as it were." I'm just about to agree when Peeta stops me. "On one condition," he says. Jackson raises an eyebrow. "And what condition is that?" "After the execution, we go home to Twelve. We're not under the authority of Thirteen, we're not part of the new government. We go home, and we're left alone." Jackson nods. "I'll have to talk to Paylor, but I think I can arrange that." "Paylor?" I ask. "Commander Paylor from Eight," Jackson explains. "She's become the de facto acting president, and is the favorite to win the election they're trying to set up." I just nod. I remember her from the hospital propo. She struck me as a good person. I'm glad it's her that's taking over. ... When Twelve was bombed after we escaped the Victory Tour, the Victor's Village was left untouched. Whatever Snow's reasons for doing this, it means we have a place to live when we get home. Peeta and I live in his victor's house; I can't handle the ghosts in Prim's house, so it sits untouched. My mother avoids Twelve entirely, moving to Four to help build a hospital. After a couple of months, Haymitch shows up back in the village with us. I never liked the drunken bastard, but Peeta swears he helped them survive the Games, and he is one of the few people left alive who knew Prim, so we develop a relationship of sorts. Every few days I'll dump a pitcher of water over his head and make sure he's still alive. He starts calling me "sweetheart" like he did Prim, and every time he says it it's like a stab to the heart, but I know he loved Prim in his own way. Eventually, about half of the few hundred people who survived the bombing return and start rebuilding Twelve. The Hawthornes are not among them; whether they blame me for Gale's death or they just can't take the memories, they choose to stay in Thirteen. Peeta and I have a toasting when we first return to Twelve, but I still hold onto my reluctance to have children for a while. Whenever I think of our potential children all I can think of is all of the people they should have in their lives who they never will: Both of their grandfathers. Aunt Prim. Uncle Rye. Uncle Barlee. Uncle Gale. Aunt Delly. Aunt Madge. The list is endless. It takes five years for me to realize that that is the exact reason to have children, because despite our losses, life does go on. Life can be good again. We don't name our daughter Prim, but the first time I try to dress her up for photos to send to my mother and the back of her shirt comes untucked I cry for half an hour. The boy is easier for me, because I never had a brother, but I can see Peeta gasp whenever he does something that reminds him of someone he's lost. All in all, life moves on. I hunt. Peeta bakes. Haymitch drinks. The rest of the district pretty much leaves us alone while they rebuild. The rest of Panem does much the same. Life does move on. Life does become good again. Because even with everything I've lost, I never lost my dandelion in the spring.