am Snow's primary target and he use and kill those I love to get to me. He has proven it through Peeta." I rant "You cannot give up Katniss. You gave people hope and that's what they are holding onto. Sure 13 have the military supply, Haymitch can strategize, Plutarch is an excellent marketer, even Peeta's gift of public speech but you are inspirational the transformational leader that the districts have been looking and waiting for. Is it fair to pressure 17 year old girl and victor to say the least into such a position and standard? Hell no, but we are looking at the bigger picture." "I don't know Finnick at the end of the day I am just trying to survive another day. That's been my entire life since my father died. I survive and make sure my family survives so they don't starve. Then help the Hawthrones survive another day with food. You saw how I made sure Peeta survive the games." "Maybe Mockingjay it is time you learn how to live. There's more to life than just surviving. Annie helps remind me of that. You are only 17 years old with a whole life ahead of you. I hope this doesn't sound offensive but if you cannot help yourself how you could help others? That implies to Peeta, your family, friends, and all of Panem." We finished tying knots as we realize how late it was and Finnick leaves the room but says, "Just keep that mind Katniss ok." I nod at him and go to bed hoping no nightmares will haunt me tonight. Finnick POV Now that was a tough night but it was necessary. I was so wrapped about Annie; I forgot to check on Katniss and Peeta. After Haymitch told me I knew the star-crossed lovers would be in for a long haul. Haymitch is right, Katniss is taking the easy way out but if I really think about what else can she do? Obviously she lacks experience in the romance department and hunger games aren't the best environment to start but in her case it was. So she has started out with tough love and it continues now but alone. I'm glad Annie's experience was minor compare to Johanna and Peeta. I wouldn't know what do if she was hijacked or worst. I decided to step outside for some fresh air. I'll admit it can be dreadful in 13. How those people survive without sunlight, fresh air, and good water is beyond me. Too bad there isn't bigger water supply otherwise I'll have Katniss demand them to let me go fishing. I miss District 4 a lot but I must be patient. Much is at stake and I have to prepare if the rebellion goes sour luckily I have made preparation in advance thanks to some key elements who are involved with a group called the League of Assassins. They are a last resort because getting in is hard but getting out is a complete pain. Suddenly a few peacekeepers begin to approach me silently. I am not armed and left my communicator at the base so either I stand and fight or run back to the base. I should have taken my trident because 8 are still having trouble against the capitol although conditions are improving. The next thing I know a person in green hooded suit clad comes to my rescue and fights off the peacekeepers single handedly. "Finnick get down!" I duck and the person shoots an arrow at the coming attacker who turned out to be another peacekeeper. "This is dangerous late night walk you are doing here Odair." The green clad said "Who are you and how do you know me?" I replied "Don't worry about just be glad I'm here otherwise you could end up like those 3 victors." Then we hear white car approaching us real fast. I move west while the green clad runs towards the vehicle, jumps to the side leaving a device attached to the car. The entire sudden explosion occurs the car is totaled leaving the peacekeeper dead or wounded. I turn to the green archer who saved my life. "Thank you for saving me but honestly who are you?" "Don't worry about it Odair return to the rebels. It will be made clear eventually but understand in this time of season Panem will have their time of calm before the storm." "Now that doesn't make any sense!" Then the green archer just smirks, "Until we meet again! Salut Odair!" Runs up a building and jumps on top and vanishes. Just like the wind the green archer is gone and here comes the rebels. I have a feeling the rebellion will have a new turn events of this mysterious archer. We will meet again but I cannot help there's something familiar about that person. Maybe some good ole Q&A will help perhaps Paylor might know something of our mystery ally. I hope you all enjoy this chapter. This will be multi-1 st person story. This is AU Mockingjay. Not everything ends up peaceful so I will explore the characters and storyline more. Like I think the rebellion was too short in the original story and didn't like how it ended so quickly. So this will be extension of that. To sum it up the future is a complete mess as we see in Katniss (F) and JR. Yes DBZ fans it is pattern after Future Trunks' timeline but I have it better for hunger games fic! Meanwhile the present there is depth of the circumstance of Peeta's hijacking and how it is really affecting her. I have explored that more through Katniss while Finnick is opening the plot. I will work on Katniss and Finnick's relationship. Really after the games the only people she could really connect were the victors. Especially after the Quarter Quell, Katniss had easier time to relate with the victors than anyone else including Prim and Gale.