leave, Posy asks Peeta to carry her, and he naturally agrees to, hoisting her up easily. She weighs nothing compared to the bags of flour he's used to dealing with at the bakery. Posy wraps her arms around his neck and buries her face in the crook of his neck, as if she's trying to hide form the world. We get the usual looks as we walk through town, for a myriad of reasons. A blond-haired, blue-eyed woman coming from the Seam is odd enough, but I'm not just anyone. Everybody knows about the poor orphan wretch the Mellarks took in. And even after all these years, still nobody quite knows what to make of Peeta's relationship to our family. There are a few who still think he's paying me for sex; even my marriage to Rory didn't stop those rumors completely. But most people realize how ridiculous that idea is. Not the idea that I would sleep with someone for food, people's ignorant assumptions about people form the Seam are as constant as the northern star; but the idea that Peeta, of all people, would need to pay anyone for sex. He's the most eligible bachelor in Twelve, the handsome and kind heir to one of the town's most successful shops. And yet he seems wholly uninterested in the many merchant daughters vying for his attention, spending his free time instead with the broken remnants of a Seam family. If I didn't know who his heart truly belonged to, I might even believe the rumor that he's gay. I watch Peeta as we make our way to the square. His broad shoulders easily support Posy's weight. His back muscles flex and stretch as he passes Posy from one arm to the other. His wavy blond hair falls into his face, partially obscuring his bright blue eyes. He gently coaxes Posy from her hiding place, getting her to look up at him and even managing to drag a smile out of her. I can understand why those town women get so jealous when they think I'm his whore. Too soon, we arrive at the square. Peeta puts Posy down, we can't accompany her any farther. She's shaking like a leaf, but I can see that she's trying so hard to be strong. She wants to live up to the examples of the father she never knew, the brother she can barely remember, and the brother who helped raise her. First Peeta, then Hazelle give her one last hug, and then it's my turn. "You'll be safe," I whisper to her as I hold her for an extra few seconds. "I promise you you'll be safe," I say, even though I know I can do no such thing. As much as I want to protect Posy in any way I can, I'm powerless against the reaping. I can't even volunteer for her like Katniss did for me. But I force confidence into my voice as I grip her by the shoulders and tell her, "I'll see you after." Then Vick takes her hand, and the two of them make their way to register while the rest of us find a place to wait at the perimeter. I stop to think about Vick for just a moment. He's in the reaping today too, he's at just as much risk as Posy. More, since he has more slips. But all of the attention today, even his, has been on Posy, who is dealing with all of this for the first time. Posy needs everyone to support her today, and Vick has supported her, one hundred percent. A lot of people don't see the strength in Vick, it's not as obvious as it was in Gale or Rory, but it's there just the same. We turn our attention to the reaping stage. Mayor Undersee is chatting amiably with the District Twelve escort, Effie Trinket, while our only living victor, Haymitch Abernathy, appears to be passed out in the third seat. A typical reaping day. As the clock strikes two, the mayor rises and gives his speech. It's the same speech every year, and I tune it out as I repeat not Posy not Posy not Posy in my head. Finally the mayor finishes, and Effie Trinket trots to the podium. "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor!" she greets the crowd, just like she does every year. She goes on a bit about what an honor it is to be here, and still all I can hear are my own thoughts screaming not Posy not Posy not Posy! Finally it's time for the drawing. "Ladies first!" Effie coos, and walks to the glass ball with the girls' names. She reaches in, snatches a slip of paper, and walks back to the podium. Not Posy! Not Posy! Not Posy! The whole crowd holds its breath with me as she prepares to read the name. NOT POSY! NOT POSY! NOT POSY! "Mazie Wicker!" I let out a breath. It's not Posy. It's not Posy. The nightmare of my first reaping is not repeating itself. A Seam girl who looks to be seventeen makes her way to the stage, and even though she's just been sentenced to death, I almost cry with relief, because it's not Posy. Posy is safe, at least for this year. Posy will come home and have a cookie from the Mellarks. She'll play with her friend Willow. She'll learn more about plants and snares in the woods. She'll go back to school. She'll turn thirteen. She will not be going to the Capitol. She will not be going to her death. Thank goodness, because after Dad, and Mr. Hawthorne, and Katniss, and Gale, and Mom, and Rory, I'm honestly not sure how many more losses this family can bear. In my relief, I've forgotten that the reaping isn't over yet. I don't even realize my oversight until I hear Effie Trinket call out another name. "Vick Hawthorne!"