where Miss Trinket made sure that every child in Panem got at least a few years of formal instruction in writing and mathematics. "You were wearing a red plaid dress, and you had your hair in two braids back then. My father actually pointed you out to me when he dropped me off that morning. He said, 'See that little girl over there? I wanted to marry her mother, but she ran off with a coal miner.'" "What?" Katniss truly didn't know whether to believe him or not. She did wear her hair in two braids when she was younger, and she did remember a red plaid skirt she had when she was a child. But the baker and her mother? Impossible! "That's not true, about your father and my mother. It can't be." "Well, that's what he told me. I even asked him, 'Why did she marry a coal miner when she could have had you?' And he told me, 'Because when he sings, even the birds stop to listen.'" Katniss fought hard to stop the tears that wanted to fill her eyes. That was a low blow, bringing up her father's truly angelic singing voice. She could still remember their trips through the forest, when it seemed like the whole world quieted itself to make way for his voice. "That's true," she choked out, "they do. I mean, they did." Peeta noticed her distress, but he had the decency to not mention it. "Well, that day, we had a music assembly. Miss Trinket asked if any of the new students knew the valley song, and your hand shot right up in the air. She stood you at the front of the room, and you sang, and I swear every bird outside fell silent. And somehow I just knew, just like your mother, I was a goner as soon as I heard you sing." Katniss felt a few tears slip. It really was a beautiful story that Peeta was telling, it only proved her point that he could probably woo any girl he set his sights on. Perhaps the most distressing part was how much Katniss wanted it to be true, how much hearing this story of young love and devotion made her want to it for herself. But deep down she knew that it couldn't be true. Nobody as good and kind and noble as Peeta Mellark would give a second look sullen, starving, scowling Katniss Everdeen. He could have any girl in town, why would he waste his time with the surly daughter of a dead coal miner? She wished he would just give up this cruel game of trying to make her feel valued, and finally admit that she wasn't. For his part, Peeta again ignored any distress he noticed. "That day, when we had our lunch break, I actually worked up the nerve to talk to you. I'll always remember that, because it was the only real interaction we had until you started trading at the bakery." Peeta smiled a small, sad smile, remembering his first interaction with Katniss Everdeen. Katniss didn't understand it until he continued. "I spent about five minutes working up my nerve, then I walked up to you and asked if I could sit with you. Once I sat down, you just stared at me, and my throat closed up and I didn't know what to say. I had an apple tart for lunch that day, so I pulled it out and I offered you half of it. You said to me, and I quote, 'I don't need your charity,' and you got up and walked away. We didn't speak again for seven years." Katniss just shook her head. It was practically the perfect example of why no one could feel for her the things Peeta claimed to feel for her. She was mean, standoffish, surly, and if anyone ever tried to work past any of that she immediately pushed them away. The only person she hadn't pushed away was Gale, and that was only because she needed a hunting partner at the time. Peeta was done with his story, but Katniss didn't have anything to say that she hadn't already said, so they sat in increasingly uncomfortable silence. Finally, after what felt like forever, Peeta spoke again. "Katniss I'm sorry." The statement grabbed her attention like no other could have; was he finally going to admit his cruel deception? "I didn't mean to dump everything onto you like this. I know, um, I know you don't feel for me the same things I feel for you. And that's fine, I don't expect you to. Please don't feel like I expect anything from you. Truthfully, I wasn't even planning on saying anything, but you were asking about it and you were so persistent, and I've been dreaming for thirteen years what it would be like to tell you I love you, I- I just couldn't hold it all back anymore. I know I've made you uncomfortable, and I'm sorry." As if this conversation couldn't get any more uncomfortable, now Peeta had thrown the word love at her. Katniss was beyond wanting Peeta to take it all back now; now she just wanted this conversation to end. She needed to stop this before it got any worse. Peeta seemed to be waiting for some response from her, and eventually she gave him one. "You were right. It was the last person I ever would have thought of." After a moment of dead silence, Peeta let loose his laughter. It was more than laughter, it was all the tension of the entire conversation being released. Peeta understood the message Katniss was sending with that remark, even if Katniss didn't fully understand it herself. Okay, fine, whatever. I don't want this to change anything between us. That was fine with Peeta, it was actually a better reaction to his revelation than he ever would have hoped for. "Told you so," he said in response.