I do, he's like a brother to me, but do I love him the way I'm afraid I might love Peeta? Do I even know enough about love to answer the question? "Gale," I begin, "is my best friend. He's practically my brother. Since my father died, he's the one person in the world I've been able to trust, truly trust. I'm closer to Prim, but I can't really confide in her sometimes because I'm trying to protect her. Gale has been my only companion, my only confidante." I pause, and take Peeta's hand. "But I've never had a conversation like this with him. I couldn't imagine trusting him with some of the things we've said tonight. Before tonight I couldn't imagine myself ever trusting anyone enough to even have a conversation like this." I pause and lose myself in Peeta's eyes for another moment. He doesn't say anything, so I continue. "I started off in the Games, pretending to love you. And then at some point, without even realizing it, I wasn't pretending anymore. Then in the interviews I had to pretend again, because even if I did have genuine feelings for you they wouldn't be enough for the cameras. And then thinking about going home, and thinking about my family, and yes thinking about Gale, all of my old fears came back and I managed to convince myself that it was all pretend after all, that I was just confused and I was so wrapped up in the Games that I didn't know what I was thinking. But now, sitting here tonight, talking with you, talking for real - with no cameras, no audience, no threat of imminent death - I can't deny how I feel, no matter how much it scares me." "So what are you saying?" Peeta asks gently. "Peeta, I don't know if I love you the way that you love me. I don't know if I would even be able to recognize it if I did. But I know that I completely lost it the few times I thought I might lose you. I know there isn't another human being alive I would be able to have this conversation with, there's no one else I trust enough or feel comfortable enough with to discuss myself in this much depth. I know that I felt safer in that cave with you than I have any night I've spent alone in luxurious Capitol beds since. I know that when I look into your eyes, I lose all sense of my surroundings and all I want to do is keep staring. I know that sometimes, when I kiss you, when I'm not consumed by terror and I'm not trying too hard to put on a show, sometimes I just lose myself in the kiss and my whole body flutters and I never want it to end. I know I'd be miserable without you in my life, and it terrifies me to be that dependant on another person, but I know that the only way I can face that fear is with you there to give me strength." Peeta smiles at me. "I don't want to put words in your mouth, but what you're describing sounds an awful lot like love." This really is the oddest conversation I've ever had, because instead of clamping my mouth shut and retreating behind a wall of embarrassment, I return the smile. "Well then, I guess maybe I love you." Peeta suddenly bursts out laughing. I compare this to his reactions this afternoon at the fuel depot, and decide that I'm not the only one who seems to have been changed by this conversation we're having. "You know, I've spent a lot of years dreaming of a day when you'd say something like that to me. It's hardly the most conventional declaration of love, but it may be the most beautiful thing I've ever heard." I can feel my face redden, but my smile only deepens. "You should know by now, I'm hardly the most conventional girl." "Hardly. But you are definitely the most beautiful," he says, and leans in to kiss me. The moment our lips meet, I can tell this isn't like any other kiss we've shared before. This isn't hesitant, or fleeting, or desperate. It's not the least bit uncomfortable. We're not sick, or injured, or starving, or dying. There are no cameras filming us, no audience watching us, no Gamemakers or sponsors or president judging us. This kiss is only for each other, and neither of us is pretending, not one bit. Peeta's lips are warm, and soft, forceful yet giving, and somehow still taste like fresh dough even though I know it's been at least a month since he's been near any. I can feel my body react as our lips part and our tongues meet, there's a hunger in me that's both stronger than ever before and yet not as overpowering, perhaps because I'm finally willing to admit that it's there, finally willing to see a day in our future when I might satisfy it. This is a kiss between two lovers, this is a kiss meant to express love, and it breaks down all remnants of resistance in me. I can no longer deny how I feel. I can no longer deny my love for Peeta. And after, when we're leaning our foreheads against each other and panting for air, when I recover enough breath to look straight into Peeta's impossibly blue eyes and tell him, "I love you," it's completely real. There's no more pretending, no more hesitation, no more fear. Only love. ….. That's it, Katniss and Peeta are officially together. For the rest of this story, they will face their trials and travails as a united front. Next chapter: What happens when they get back to District 12? Preview quote from Chapter 2: " Because I didn't want you to come home with him. I wanted you to come home to me."