just a moment before she leaned up and brought our lips together. It took me by surprise; despite what had happened that night on the train we still hadn't exchanged much affection off-camera. It had been eating at me, making me consider and reconsider what Katniss told me about her conversation with Haymitch. What was for show? What was real? What was natural? What was coached? But when her tongue started licking my lips, begging for entry, I stopped caring. I kissed her with everything I had, I kissed her until I couldn't breath and then kissed her more anyway. And when she moaned, "Make me forget, Peeta," I didn't let myself wonder if she only wanted me as a coping mechanism. And when she pulled my rapidly hardening prosthedick out of my pants, I didn't let myself think about whether she was more interested in me or it. And when she let me pull off her nightgown, I couldn't think about anything except how magnificent she looked. And the first time I thrust into her, I thought that whatever fucked-up circumstances had lead us here, it was worth it. The following morning, we were woken by the sun streaming in through the front window. We were still on the couch, still wrapped around each other, still naked. Katniss looked away shyly when she realized our position; it was amazing to me that she could still be shy like that after the way she had acted the night before. I didn't know what to say about our amorous activities, so I said the first thing that came to mind. "No nightmares." She looked back to me in confusion. "What?" "You didn't have any nightmares last night." She seemed to think about it for a moment. "No. Not after… Well, not after I came over here. Did you?" I shook my head. "No." Neither of us knew what to say then. Katniss broke the silence. "I better get home before my mother wakes up." I helped her find her nightgown, and threw my sleep pants back on. When I walked her to the door, she turned and kissed me again. "Can I come back tonight?" My mind still wasn't quite awake yet. "Tonight?" I asked stupidly. She blushed a bit, and looked away. "That was the first time I've really slept since the night we spent together on the train," she said. "I don't want to face them alone anymore." I pulled her into an embrace, which she returned hungrily. "I'll be here. You can come over anytime you want, Katniss." It was a week later that Mrs. Everdeen realized that Katniss was sneaking out at night and forbade it. Katniss grabbed some clothes and moved into my house that afternoon. We've never slept apart since. ….. We leave for the Victory Tour today. Katniss and I were up most of the night, alternately fucking to exhaustion and waiting in vain for sleep to come. I don't anticipate getting much sleep on the Tour. I baked all of Katniss's favorites for breakfast, and she joined me since she wasn't sleeping anyway. Our prep teams aren't arriving until noon, and we're hoarding every moment of peace before then. Katniss loves when I cook for her, and the sounds she makes while eating are almost as hot as the sounds she makes while fucking. If it wasn't for how often we have sex I'd almost think she's only with me for my baking skills. I might feel better about that. I find myself in a melancholy mood, and it's not just because of the impending tour. More and more lately, I find myself thinking of our relationship. Questioning our relationship. I don't know why I'm thinking this way. I survived the Hunger Games. I finally have the girl of my dreams, and she's insatiable. I should be deliriously happy. I know exactly why I'm thinking this way. The girl of my dreams didn't fall for me, she fell for my prosthedick. She fell for a piece of equipment that the Capitol installed on me. This is the conflict that consumes my thoughts. This is what haunts me when I can't sleep at night and spend hours watching the faces Katniss makes in her sleep. This is what distracts me when I'm supposed to be finishing my paintings but instead find I've stood motionless in front of a canvas long enough for the paint to dry on the brush. This is what creeps into my mind even as I'm buried to the hilt inside Katniss. Finally, just this once, it all becomes too much, and I let my façade fall. I let my worries take control, and I ask in a quiet voice, "Katniss, this is real, isn't it? I mean, you don't love me just for my prosthetic dick, right?" Katniss puts down what's left of her third cheese bun and looks at me. For one horrible moment, she looks like she's actually considering it. But then she very decisively says, "No. This would have happened anyway." Just then there's a knock on the door. Katniss and I look at each other. The prep teams and Effie won't be here for another hour. Haymitch would just walk in. Her family wasn't coming over until later, they couldn't see us while the prep teams were working anyway. As I go to answer the door, I'm not thinking about who it might be. Instead, I turn Katniss's answer over in my head. That we would have happened anyway. That we would have always ended up together, because that's where we belong. Even if I had a fake arm, or a fake leg, instead of a fake cock. I sigh as I turn the knob to open the door. I really have no choice but to try to believe her. ... Alternate title for this story that I didnt use because I liked maintaining the mystery in the first section: The Elephant Cock in the Room