This was their healing balm, a sort of closeness that allowed them to mend each other in whatever way they needed to. "Katniss," he whispers almost reverently, kissing down the column of her throat as he continues to push into her. She mewls softly, her eyes closed, letting out small noises of pleasure every now and then. He moves his attention down to her chest, kissing all around before finally latching onto a peak and suckling softly. "Peeta," she gasps, the sensation sending goosebumps down her body before an immense pleasure shoots down into her core. "Oh, God…" He feels the resulting pulse of her walls around him, and his breath hitches, unable to stop himself from moving just a little faster. "Oh, Peeta," she moans, a little louder this time. "Peeta… Don't stop… Please…" "Never," he murmurs back, pushing himself into her as deep as possible now, desperate to bring them together as close as possible. "Katniss," he groans, sweeping his lips over her collarbone, licking and sucking gently here and there. "You feel so good…" He pulls out, adjusts the angle of his hips, before pushing back into her all the way to the hilt, and Katniss cries out. "Yes! Peeta!" she cries, her head falling back and eyes rolling back into her head. "Peeta… Ohh…" She keeps moaning, and the sound of his name falling from her lips in sensual bliss is threatening to push him over the edge with each passing second. He groans softly, concentrating on the feeling of her around him, watching her body signals for signs that she is close to her ending. It's then that her hips begin to move against his, pushing up desperately to meet his own as he lets out a low groan. "Katniss," he almost growls when he feels her legs come up to wrap around his waist, pushing them together even tighter than before. "God…" She cries out loudly when he pushes into her harder, feels the tip of him brush against the spot deep inside her, sending white hot flashes of pleasure cascading through her body. She can feel the pleasure escalating quickly, can almost feel it pouring into her veins, making her heart beat faster, her vision blurry, and her senses heightened. "Peeta… Peeta, you feel so good," she whimpers, back arching as her walls pulsate harshly around him. "Ungh… God…" Peeta groans lowly, desperately trying to hold back. "Katniss… Let go… Please…" Reaching down, he boldly brushes his thumb in circles against her, and she immediately cries out, tensing before releasing and moaning in his ear with the intense waves of pleasure. She can hear him chanting her name like a mantra, desperately trying to hold on, but she knows he's there with her. "Katniss… Katniss… Katniss…" he whispers, his voice sounding strained. "Oh… I think I'm going to…" His muscles seize up as he finally tumbles over the metaphorical cliff, falling into the blissful abyss as she continues to writhe and whimper beneath him. They're lost now, their minds completely obliterated of all other thought but each other. She's trembling, mirroring the body which hovers above her. He gazes at her, and she sees a look – euphoric and content – in his face. His eyes look almost droopy, as if he'd been given drugs of some sort, and she suppresses the urge to laugh. "You okay?" he rasps, his voice sounding weak, tired. She laughs lightly. "More than okay." He nods. "Good… Good." He moves to the side, still trembling, before wrapping the blanket tighter around them. He wraps her securely in his embrace, pressing a final kiss to her shoulder. He can still hear the sounds of the world around them clearly despite the waning sunlight, closes his eyes to store away the moment in his memory. Because right here, right now, Peeta Mellark and Katniss Everdeen find that they have finally found peace. I'm out of sight, I'm out of mind I'll do it all for you in time And out of all these things I've done, I will love you better now. A/N: Alright, so I hope you've enjoyed that! :) If you were wondering, the lyrics are from the song "Lego House" by Ed Sheeran – it is a beautiful song, and its message is just purely wonderful and you should definitely listen to it. I reckon some of the lyrics fit Katniss and Peeta's situation in the book at times, so you might like it! Let me know what you think of it if you do. :) Also, if you were wondering about what language Peeta starts speaking, it's German. The phrase is from a song called "Halt dich an mir fest" by Revolverhead. Check that one out, too, if you get the chance! It's also a beautiful song. (Check out the translation for it, obviously. It's available on lyricstranslate dot com.) On another note, this is my second fic for The Hunger Games, and once again, I hope I've done Katniss and Peeta justice. I cannot express my love enough for this series; I've loved it ever since I picked it up four years ago, and I think we are blessed to have built up enough of a following to have the series transformed into a movie franchise! Oh, and by the way, as I start to slowly integrate myself into the HG fanfiction world, please don't be fooled or turned off by my username – I know a lot of people think iCarly is a show for kids, but trust me, I used to follow the fandom a lot, and there are definitely a lot of 18+ people on it, which is what I am, so don't think I'm some pervy 12-year-old writing smutty fics for HG. lol. Don't you think the writing would be a little more immature? Exactly. :) Anyway, I hope you've enjoyed! Drop me a line or welcome me to the fandom in that box down below! I'll most likely respond!