predecessors place it there so no one would get to it and when the time came the gems would find new barriers and become active again. There's a great evil coming here and your planet is in grave danger." "Danger from who?" asks Finnick "Earthlings, I swear the lack of knowledge will have you lot slaughter like meat. The Astro Empire have been terrorizing and dominating planets and solar systems for a century. They even capture my home planet. However for you, your solar system is in unknown territory and when they sense the gems I bet they were racing here to get them. Fortunately for us the gems didn't choose them it chose you 4. Whether you like it or not the fate of your entire solar system rest in your hands!" explains Alexa. "Okay this sounds like one bad sci-fi movie. Wait how do you know these gems you are talking about chose me, Peeta, Katniss, and Johanna?" Finnick questions "I am the gems' guardian one of water! One other guardian foresaw the return of the Elemental Rangers but the 3rd generation will be humans. My friend died at the hands of Rendo. I had to abandon him to travel here before Rendo arrives and help defend you to he and his empire. I understand the task seem daunting and unordinary but trust me you haven't seen the worst!" Orion explains "What's your name?" asked Katniss "Orion, Paladin Knight of Sozin!" "Orion, I understand what you are saying and clearly there has to be some truth since these gems are not of here and neither are you. Beetee has knowledge of space and stuff. However we are not these rangers you are looking for. I had heard of the tales of past rangers but I thought they were mere made up tales not real life events! We are hunger games victors! We have actually killed people to survive or for sport according to the Capitol. Except for Peeta, we don't follow the ranger philosophy of good alignment and honorable code. In truth we will be the most lethal and dangerous set of rangers ever known if want us." Katniss explains "Well this isn't this cool?! We are not your average set of folks too so I guess we can mingle." said Alexa "The decision is yours! The Astro Empire is almost here, so will accept your new destiny. I cannot promise tranquility and ease, but I promise Alexa, Cyder, and I will assist you every step in the way!" promised Orion Peeta begins to feel the bright yellow glow of his gem and stares at Orion seeing if all he is saying is real. He finds no falsehood in the Paladin Knight and speaks to his fellow victors, "I think we should do this guys. This is right and from they are saying the Astro Empire is worst than the Capitol and there'll be no Panem if we cannot stop them. Once they figure out we have the gems and won't release it to them our planet will be the target of their wrath. So I accept!" declares Peeta as his chest glows yellow like the sun. Katniss is reminded of the dandelion she saw as a kid and agrees that color represents Peeta perfectly! "Well Peet I am going to trust your judgment besides I still owe you for helping my ass in the Capitol so I'm game to accept!" declares Johanna in agreement as her chest glows pink. "I am not sure about all of this can I give you my answer tomorrow?" asked Finnick "Sure but don't tally!" warns Orion "What about you Girl on Fire?" asked Finnick, teasingly "I need time as well there's too much on my shoulders as is without worrying about space problems! Sorry Orion but I doubt I'm what you want. I failed Rue in the games. I am the cause for my home to be vanquished. I can barely get the districts to unite against the Capitol. Now you expect me to bring salvation to my entire solar system?! Sorry but I am not the one for you or anyone else in that matter!" cries Katniss as she flees the training center. "Wait Katniss!" calls Finnick "No Finnick let that coward go! Obvious we don't need that now why is she the mockingjay again?" remarks Johanna angrily "Don't be too hard on her this is something one needs to consider before leaping." said Cyder "What do you think Peet honestly, you know her better us besides the rest of 12?" Peeta took his time before a response to fight off the hijack part of him and remember the true opinions and visions of memories of Katniss. He repeatedly states in his head real, real, real and sighs, "She has been through a lot since 11 but she'll come around. Katniss needs confidence and the right motivation. She still doesn't understand the effect she has on people and that effect along with our newfound powers will help us defeat the Astro Empire." Meanwhile far away south of Panem, the Astro Empire ship arrive to earth. Ryder goes out with his troops to search for the power source to deliver to their King. Polla and Strider goes scan and examine the planet as they sense new waves of power. When they reported back to Rendo, he was satisfied. "Take your places my people, because I have found a new territory to conquer and nothing will stand in my way to achieving it!" declares Rendo Now the places are set for the galaxic battle to begin. Sorry folks but I can recall some power ranger seasons you don't see the rangers morph in the first episode. Considering what the victors been through they need some convincing and explanation before jumping ship. Hence the doubt with Finnick and Katniss. This is an new take on hunger games universe spin. They won't be ordinary rangers indeed anyway! Thanks you and please comment and review!