tallest of tall tales about the pair. I don't need to recount the kinds of wild stories that circulated, no doubt you've already heard them, cause most of them are still circulating today. But you didn't come to me to hear ridiculous legends, you came to me to hear truth. Well here's the truth: Katniss and Peeta, despite their own protests to the contrary, were both pretty extraordinary people. Plenty of people in those days went along with what they were told, but not Katniss. Plenty of people suffer in silence, but not Peeta. They didn't just daydream about doing something drastic to make their lives better, they got up and did it. That's extraordinary motivation. And even though they were both in a completely new circumstance that neither was really prepared for, they still managed to grow together. It can take extraordinary courage to trust another person like that in uncertain circumstances. And in the end, they did defeat the Abominable Snow-Man. Haymitch may have struck the final blow, but Katniss had already inflicted fatal wounds, and before that it was Peeta who disarmed the beast by eliminating its bite as a threat, and nobody from Thirteen would even have been there if it wasn't for the determination of Katniss and Peeta to come back and help the district that had forced them to leave. That's extraordinary loyalty. So don't get too caught up in the rumors and legends that make them out to be larger-than-life or perfect people or all-powerful or anything like that. But don't sell them short, either. They deserve our respect, and our thanks, every bit as much as the folks listed on that memorial over there. We owe them our freedom from the dictates of the Snow-Man, and we owe them acceptance of people who don't fit the norm. ….. What's that? What happened after? Ah, that's your real question, isn't it? Not much is generally known about Katniss and Peeta's lives after that. Many of the history books end with that Harvest Festival, with maybe a page or two about their lives after tacked on. Well, the truth is they led very quiet lives after the defeat of the Snow-Man. Along with the other immigrants from Thirteen they worked hard to aid the rebuilding process. After reconstruction they moved into a house in a newly-built development on the outskirts of Twelve, the neighborhood you all now know as the Victor's Village. At the time it was close to the woods but removed from the major population centers in the town and the Seam. Katniss hunted, and Peeta baked, and they had no real need to visit the rest of the district very often. And as their story began to spread outside Twelve and more and more people came looking for the famous Misfit Lovers, their trips into town became rarer and rarer. Their families and friends would travel out there to visit them, rather than Katniss and Peeta coming to visit them. And the people of Twelve, they took care of their own. That gate at the entrance to Victor's Village was built to protect them from reporters and attention-seekers. When the New Panem Republic was in the early planning stages, everyone wanted the Misfit Lovers involved. Before it had even been decided what form the new government would take, people wanted them to lead it. Co-presidents, or leaders of the Panem Council, or a hundred other ideas. Katniss and Peeta steadfastly refused to be involved. Katniss was a hunter; Peeta was an artist and a baker; neither of them were governors or administrators, and in the end being forced into government wasn't that much different from being forced to mine coal. They wouldn't even tell people who they voted for in the eventual election, though the rumor was that they were both supporters of President Paylor. As time went by the furor about them began to die down. People became more interested in the legend of the Misfit Lovers than in the reality of two very private people leading very private lives. A lot of folks outside their family didn't even know they had kids until one day about twenty years later when they showed up at the first day of school with a five-year-old girl clutching her father's hand and a toddler boy hitched on his mother's hip. Over the years memories became history, history became legend, legend became myth, until finally young people like you had to find a slightly drunk old man at the festival in order to hear the straight truth. But that's okay. The details aren't that important after all these years. Was Annie a brunette or a redhead? Was Haymitch a pale townie or a dark Seamer? Did District 11 riot against the Snow-Man's rule or did they just try their best to survive it? Forgetting things like that doesn't change the overall moral of the story. If some wild tale someone invented out of whole cloth helps people, makes them hold true to their real passions, makes them value democracy and well-functioning government, makes them love and value all kinds of people, well where's the harm in that? Oh look, they're getting ready to sing the festival song. Come help an old man up out of his chair. I always love joining the rest of the district in singing the festival song, don't you? Loud, clear voices, now. Here we go. Peeta the one-legged baker Went through life with only one leg He hid it well with his prosthetic But a close exam would have him pegged Katniss the highly-skilled hunter Would be forced to just mine coal She wanted control of her life So she ran away from home At first glance they were too different A kind boy and a surly girl But what made them misfits made them great And that is why we celebrate They defeated the evil Snow-Man Welcomed outcasts from Thirteen Peeta and Katniss together Made an unstoppable team!