us during lunch. I found he was a good listener and eventually when Madge had other commitments during lunch he would spend time listening to me complain about my latest argument with Gale or my stories of hunting with my dad and my sister hating every minute of it that she would try to sabotage our trips. Peeta never talked about his feelings for me again and I was glad. I still wanted him to be around. When Gale and I argued over things, things got crazy. I would be so mad I would throw things and he and I would scream at one another. He wanted me to go to parties at his college and I didn't feel comfortable or I didn't show enough affection. There was always something. I'd find myself texting Peeta. I knew it was selfish, feelings didn't just go away. But the more he replied the more I used him. Katniss: Gale's gone off on one again, I'm so sick of this. I cant seem to do anything right. Peeta: What for now? Katniss: Apparently I don't want to be involved in his college social life and everyone thinks I should make more of an effort. Who gives a shit about everyone else? Peeta: You shouldn't. Where are you? Do you want me to come get you? Katniss: Yes. I'm near Wheatley Park by Franklin Avenue. Peeta: Be there in 15. I locked my phone and sat on the wall to wait. On nights like this after I had stormed out, I would text Peeta and he would pick me up. We'd drive around town and listen to his music before he would drop me at home. When he picked me up that night though he looked nice and smelled of aftershave. "On a date?" I asked. "Something like that." "Where were you?" I hadn't intended to sound demanding but my tone was off. "I was having dinner with Cressida and her family." "Oh, I hadn't realized you and her were serious, in fact I hadn't noticed anything at all." This time I was obviously curt. "Katniss..." He sighed and ran his hand through his hair. I should have apologised but I was so riled from my argument with Gale I couldn't. "Katniss, we're friends and I accept that. I haven't once mentioned you and Gale and you told me you didn't want to date anyone. I let you know how I felt and you chose him. I can't keep waiting for you when you made it clear he's who you want." I feel numb. I'm angry again, but this time at myself for caring who he's with. I did choose Gale and I had no right to expect Peeta to remain hung up on me. "So why are you here instead of on your date?" "You were upset, I didn't want to leave you to walk home." We pulled into my drive way and Peeta got out, he walked around to my side of the car and as I got out he pulled me into a hug. He was warm and again there was that smell of honey and chocolate. I lingered in the embrace, feeling the muscles in his shoulders. I had the urge to let my hands explore but the thought was interrupted as he broke away. "You know Katniss, tomorrow you will both make up. He's crazy about you and you love him." He shrugged. His eyes couldn't disguise the sad look he gaves me. Like he was wounded. "We might not." I said, but I knew he was right. Peeta walked me to my front door in silence. He sighed, "Goodnight Katniss, see you at school," and turned to walk away. Suddenly he turned around and grabbed me by the wrist, pulled me towards him and kissed me. I wasn't sure how to react at first but then his lips felt so nice and I thought of those arms wrapped around me. I kissed him back, wrapping my arms around his neck and pulling him closer. His tongue assaulted my mouth and I parted my lips to allow him entry. It was like our first kiss, only more desperate. Like we had been denied each other for too long. My tongue trailed along his teeth and his tongue. We stood there for whatt felt like forever and I wished it would never end but the porch light had come on and I pulled away. "I should go inside," I said breathlessly. "Goodnight," he said as he turned to go down the driveway. I went inside and straight to my room. I lay in bed confused and unsure of this whole night. My phone beeped twice and I unlocked it to read the messages. Gale: Catnip, I'm sorry. Let's not fight, I love you. 3 I couldn't reply right then. I read the next message. Peeta: Leave him for me. Leave Gale? I'd lose him forever. I couldn't do that. He was my best friend, I couldn't leave him for someone else. He loved me and I would never break his heart. My dad had left my mom for someone he worked with and she had been devastated. I had kissed Peeta, did that mean I was like my dad? What had I done... I cried myself to sleep that night. Guilt and confusion taking over my thoughts, my dreams were nightmares of Gale hating me and being left alone with no one. The next morning I replied to Gale apologising for our fight and promising to make it up to him. Guilt had taken over and I would do whatever he wanted to make him happy. I also replied to Peeta. Katniss: I can't. At school on Monday Peeta was with Cressida, she held his hand and he kissed her lightly on the forehead. There was no doubt in my mind after that I had made the right choice with Gale. Peeta stopped coming to lunch with us after that.