me, suffocates me, and in a blind rage of white and blood red I'm out to kill everyone again. Everyone that I love. I don't know if I can ever be Peeta Mellark again. The Capitol used me as a plaything, and the mental scars will never fade. They say I have a shadowed, haunted look in my eyes now. I can imagine how the blue might look like— brittle, shattered, darkened. A brilliantly sharp shard of sea glass swept into the turmoil of a dark ocean, lost forever in its dark depths. The glass will never be reunited with what it has lost. It is pushed and pulled and battered by the never-ending waves, away from what it used to be, sinking deeper and deeper, until only a faint memory of the sun and warmth above remains in its soul. They say I've been hijacked. That I've fallen apart. It's one way to put it, I suppose. But something Prim told me fits better than any of the terms they've labeled me. "Peeta," she tells me, large blue eyes soft and glimmering with sadness, "you're not crazy, or mad, or whatever else they'll call you. You don't hate everyone, you don't hate Katniss. It's just that the Capitol has broken you inside. Katniss is a wonderful person, and you saw her in the truest light. Don't forget that, Peeta. Keep my sister safe." She doesn't believe that I'll kill Katniss. Prim entrusts her safety to me. And this is what pulls me through when I'm at my lowest. I know that I'm not I'm not falling apart; it's just my heart that has been broken. And I don't know if I'll ever be able to be normal again. But I know that I'll never do to Prim what the Capitol has done to me. I will never break that promise; it's Prim after all, and I would never breach the trust she's placed on me. It's the least I can do. Prim is dead. I have regained control over my life, I have a strong, basic sense of what I am at my core. But there are memories inside of me, memories that I share with certain people, that will never be regained. Because they are dead. Details, the smallest strokes that paint my life, riddle holes inside my story. I still can't believe Prim is dead. Sweet, innocent Prim. In a way, I guess you could say that I've finally been jolted into reality. I know that the Capitol, and most importantly, Snow, don't hold sway over me anymore. They never will again. It's devastating that it took the death of an utterly undeserving, angelic girl to show that to me. I know I will be able to find parts of myself, eventually, but I don't know if I'll ever be able to live with myself again. So many people are dead. Snow is dead. Coin is dead. Broggs is dead. So many people— so many lives taken. But there is still one that I owe tribute to. It takes me the entire day, but I finally find it. A bush of primroses. As I gently lift it up, I cradle it in my arms and begin the trek back home. Once I leave the forest, ducking under the fence, I know there won't be much farther to go before I reach home. Victor's Village. And most importantly, Katniss. My eyes burn when I think of the slender young blond who saved me, who believed in me when no one else did. A single tear drips down my chin, landing delicately on a blossoming, sunny rose. Thank you, Prim. I silently send a message, hoping that somehow it'll reach her. Closing my eyes and feeling the heat of the sun warm my eyelids, I can almost see a flash of pale golden hair and the shimmer of bright sapphire eyes. Almost. Thank you, for trusting me. For helping me become whole again. I swear, I'll never break that promise. In my mind's eye, I see Prim giggle lightly, then turn sideways so that I can almost see the features on her face. Locks of light caramel hair are tucked behind her ear, and I imagine that I see the familiar sparkle in her cerulean eyes. And then I hear a light, silvery voice say, ' Of course you won't break that promise, Peeta. You love her, and you always have. Hasn't it always been written in your heart that you'll protect her…?' As she tilts her head down ever so slightly, strands of her hair fall in front of her eyes, shielding her face from me. She sighs, then lifts her face up to the sun. 'Keep Katniss happy, alright? As a favor to me. And tell her… tell her that I love her. As always.' Then she turns away, her back facing me, a waterfall of aurelian streaming down her back. 'Goodbye, Peeta…' And in a flash of chrysal and azure, Primrose Everdeen is gone . When I open my eyes, all that stretches in front of me is the road. I know that I imagined it all, that Prim really didn't speak to me. But it's comforting to think that wherever she is, she's content. When I get back and catch Katniss's eye, I first see anger flaring. I see the searing fire that I first fell in love with, being mesmerized by the sparks. The fire that I embraced, that I burned myself on; the fire that now is the brightest light in my life. But then her eyes soften from the sharp steel to a misty gray when she recognizes the blossoms on the bush I've brought back. Everyone thinks I've been pulling myself together again, that I'm finally shaking off the shackles the Capitol bound on me. I don't bother telling them that they're wrong, that I never fell apart in the first place. It's my heart that has mended and healed. /fin/