trail down his sides and find the button of his pants. His breath hitches against my neck when I undo it and start on the zipper. "Wait, Katniss…" His voice is deeper than I'm used to hearing it and has an unfamiliar tone to it… something close to desperation. I let out a soft breath and when he looks at me, I can see how dark his eyes have gone. "Are you sure you want to do this?" I place my hand on his cheek and nod. I move my other hand back down to his pants and slowly push them down. We slowly rid the other of the last of our clothing. He pulls me close and I know my face and neck are both flushed but we my eyes find Peeta's again, I can see that his cheeks have gone red too. I bite my bottom lip and trace his jawline slowly. Peeta gives me a smile as he moves himself above me. I let out a small gasp when we meet and Peeta's eyes widen a bit, but I reassure him by bringing my lips to his. The sensation is completely new to me and feels so different than I ever thought it would. Our movements are slow and meaningful, each touch that passes between us says so much. I gently brush the hair the falls across Peeta's forehead back and smile as his eyes light up. This moment is more perfect than anything else I've experienced. It feels right and I can almost forget the darkness that is looming over the both of us - I can almost pretend that this isn't the only time we'll be in this moment. Neither of us have been in this place before, but that doesn't seem to matter right now. We take as long as we can, just being as close as possible. We go slow and long kisses pass between us. Our breathing becomes labored and I grip Peeta, pulling my body even closer to his. The electricity that's been coursing through me seems to reach an impossible point and I can't help but let out a moan as I go over the edge. Soon, I feel Peeta's pace quicken. His movements become more desperate. His muscles tighten and he reaches his breaking point with my name on his lips. Our eyes meet again and the power of our actions seems to register between us. We don't shy away; instead we stay in this moment, lost in complete bliss and each other. I smile as Peeta gently brushes stray hairs off my face. He settles beside me and I automatically pull myself against his chest. He smiles down at me and wraps an arm around my waist. I give him a soft kiss and lay my head in the place above his heart. I've just closed my eyes when he whispers, "I love you." The words were so quiet, I'm not positive he meant me to really hear them. I don't move for a minute, letting the impact of this wash over me. Yes, I've known Peeta loves me for a while but he's never actually said the words before. Typically, these proclamations make my stomach twist with guilt, but not this time. I look up at him and he just looks into my eyes. I don't know what to say right now. I sigh softly, "Peeta…" He shakes his head. "It's ok, Katniss. I just wanted you to know… Before everything happens. If I don't make it…" I tilt my head and smile at him. I feel like I've known this for some time, but admitting it is a different story. The love I feel for Peeta has always felt tainted by the Capitol, as if actually falling for this boy would mean giving in to their will. But now I feel as though this would have happened with or without the Games to push us together. Peeta has been a mysterious part of my life for so long and I know that I would not be here today if it hadn't been for his kindness. He's always been so sure that he loves me, and now I'm sure about my feelings too. I bite my lip and smile, feeling suddenly shy and it has nothing to do with our current state of undress. I lace my fingers with Peeta's and whisper, "I love you too." The smile he gives makes me certain I've done the right thing coming here tonight. He doesn't say anything else, just kisses me again then lays his head against the pillow and pulls me close. I don't remember falling asleep, but when the bright light flooding through the large window in Peeta's room hits my eyes, I jerk awake. I move my head to look at Peeta and realize he's awake too. He gives me a half smile and loosens his grip on my waist. I can't describe the feeling of loss that comes over me when he gets out of bed and starts to get dressed. I frown as he turns back to me and holds out a hand to help me up. I push myself off his bed and pull my clothes from last night back on then head for the door. "Katniss…" I stop and look back at Peeta. He's in a pair of pajama pants and nothing else, his hair sticking up in every direction. My stomach twists as I think of how wonderful it would be to wake up every morning to this sight, but I know that I'll probably never get to see this again. I sigh. "I'll see you later today, Peeta…" He walks over to me and places a kiss on my forehead. I close my eyes when his lips touch my skin and whisper, "I won't regret this…" I feel his smile before he pulls back and I can see it. He nods and says in a soft voice, "Neither will I."