was more trouble than it's worth." Peeta reached out again, this time taking one of her hands and holding it in both his own. "I've never said this out loud, because I wasn't sure if you wanted to hear it, but I love you, Katniss. I know you don't have the best experiences with love. And I know I probably haven't helped that any by getting you pregnant when we're both so young. And I know it sucks that we have to sneak around until my mother can't hurt me anymore. I know you're scared, hell I'm scared too. But I love you anyway." She had never imagined that Peeta would actually feel that way about her, but somehow at the same time she wasn't surprised by it. "Even after..." she began, then had to stop to collect herself. "I almost ruined your life." "I think we were both involved in that," he said. "But it doesn't matter now. Yeah we almost made a huge mistake, but it doesn't change anything for me. It doesn't change how I feel. I still love you. I still want to be with you. I still want to marry you. And someday, when we're both ready for it and we both decide that we want it, I still want to have children with you. I want to spend every possible minute of the rest of my life with you, and I don't want us to miss out on one bit of it because of this." Katniss was silent. She never let herself think of the future, always focused on how to survive the present. Peeta had just laid out a plan for their whole lives, full of love and marriage and children, all the things she'd spent years telling herself she never wanted. She should have been scared, or angry, or at least turned off from it. She surprised herself when she admitted that she was none of those things. She wasn't quite willing to say she wanted everything Peeta had just outlined, but she couldn't say she didn't, either. She was usually reticent to expose her feelings like Peeta just had, but after all that, he at least deserved the truth. "I don't know if I'm ready for all of that," she said. "I never really let myself think like that, I don't know what I want. But..." She paused, and swallowed around the lump in her throat. "But I don't want to let you go," she forced out. Peeta took a moment to process her answer. "Well, that's a start, right? You don't let me go, and I won't let you go, and we'll figure out the rest from there." "Okay," Katniss said. "I can handle that." Peeta grinned. "Then I only have one other question." "What's that?" Katniss asked. "Can I kiss you now?" Katniss rolled her eyes. "I've been puking and I haven't brushed my teeth in three days." Peeta hesitated for just a moment. "That didn't sound like a no," he said, and his lips were on hers before she could object. ... By mid-afternoon, Katniss was feeling well enough to make the walk home. As they got closer and closer to the district fence, Katniss felt an odd sense of melancholy. As horrible as much of the experience had been, getting to spend the weekend alone with Peeta was something she would miss. It would be had to go back to sneaking around, hiding from everyone. "Thank you," she said out loud. "For what?" Peeta asked. "For being wonderful." Peeta looked down and blushed. "I think you're overestimating my good qualities." Katniss shook her head. "You know, the lake, that house, that whole area, that was always something private between my father and me. Something special, just for the two of us. And when I realized that I had no where else to go this weekend, I thought I'd ruin it. That I'd replace all those good memories with bad ones. That it wouldn't be our special place anymore, that now it'd just be the place where I ended my pregnancy." She stopped walking so she could turn and face Peeta directly. "But when I think of this weekend, when I think of ending the pregnancy, all I think of is you. You toasting bread for me. You holding me to keep me warm. You massaging my pain away so I could fall asleep. You holding my hand while I took the medicine. You saved the place where I feel closest to my father for me." She didn't realize she was crying again until Peeta took her head in his hands and gently wiped her tears away with his thumbs. "Damn hormones," she complained as she began wiping at them herself. Peeta dipped his head and pressed a tender kiss against her lips which she greedily returned, then pulled her into a tight embrace. "You don't have to thank me for any of that. I'd do anything for you. I love you." Katniss tensed when he said it, and he must have felt her. "Shit, is that too much? I can stop saying it if it bothers you." "No, that's okay," she said. She didn't pull back to see his face, but she could hear the smile in his voice. "That's okay? Then you'll allow it?" "Yeah. I'll allow it," she said. "And maybe, one day, I'll let me love you too." Peeta's smile seemed to grow as her meaning sunk in. "Yeah?" he asked. "Yeah," she said with a nod. They walked the rest of the way back to the district hand in hand. They'd done this hundreds of times, but somehow it felt very different to Katniss this time. She wasn't quite ready to admit it to herself, but in the back of her mind, she knew that one day they'd be able to do this out in the open. Holding on to someone else was different when she knew she'd never have to let go.