a few rolls before we left. I figured we'd be here a while." Katniss smiled at him. "You always think of everything." She pulled out a roll and examined it. It was like everything else Peeta baked, a beautiful golden brown on the outside. She could only remember once when she'd seen anything Peeta baked that wasn't. "Do you think we could start a fire?" "What, here?" Peeta asked in surprise, looking around to see if anyone would see them. "Just a little one," she said, looking up to meet Peeta's questioning gaze. "There was a time when a burned piece of bread saved my life. Now I want to give my life to you." Peeta nodded in understanding. They didn't often talk about that night, when she had been close to giving up and he had saved her, but somehow it was always present between them. In a way they had been irrevocably bonded ever since that night, even if they never spoke again until years later. It was only fitting that the night they met, the night they bonded, play into their private wedding. Together they gathered up sticks and twigs that had fallen from some nearby trees, and together with the wrappings from the rolls and the lighter Peeta always had in a pocket for lighting the ovens at the bakery, they made a small fire in front of Prim's grave. Katniss was about to say something, but before she could Peeta took the roll she was holding and tore it in half, keeping one piece and returning the other. "I need some too. I'm giving my life to you too," he explained. Katniss nodded, and he was sure he could see a small smile creep onto her face. She held her half of the roll over their small flame, and looked up into Peeta's eyes. "Peeta, I love you. Never, never doubt that. Even when I suck at showing it. I promise I'll try harder. I'll try to be the wife you deserve. I can't promise I'll ever be okay, but I promise I'll never shut you out. And I'll love you forever." She smiled a small smile, and gestured to the headstones around them. "In front of all these witnesses, do you take me as your decidedly un lawfully wedded wife?" Peeta returned her smile. "I do." Katniss held up her half of the bread roll. It was nicely toasted, just a little blackened at the edges. "Then with this bread, I thee wed." She held the bread out to his lips, and he ate the piece, chewing and swallowing before he extended his own piece over the fire. "Katniss, I feel like I've already loved you forever. I don't know how to not love you. I can't remember a time when I didn't love you, and I don't want to. I meant every word I said before: I want to spend every possible minute of the rest of my life with you. You don't have to be okay and you don't have to be the perfect wife. All you have to be is you, and you'll make me the happiest man alive. I promise I'll take care of you, I'll stay with you when you can't get out of bed and I'll cry with you when the bad memories are too much and I'll make you laugh when you're sad. And I'll spend my whole life trying to make you as happy as you make me. So in front of all these witnesses, do you take me as your unlawfully wedded husband?" he finished, mimicking her words. Katniss was crying again, but she smiled through her tears. "I do." "Then with this bread, I thee wed," Peeta said, continuing to follow Katniss's lead for the formalities of their impromptu ceremony. He fed her his half of the roll. She chewed and swallowed, then flashed him the brightest smile he could remember seeing on her in a year. "That's it," she said. "We're married. Husband." The full weight of it finally hit him. He spoke in utter awe. "Katniss. My wife ." He didn't get to say anything more, because Katniss closed the distance between them and crashed their lips together. Her kiss was hungry, desperate, demanding. He returned it, in every measure. She was trying to make up for all the kisses they should have shared in the past year. He didn't think she needed to, but he didn't say anything, because the truth was that he had missed this. He had missed feeling like Katniss wanted him as much as he wanted her. He had missed the feeling of her hands in his hair, her tongue in his mouth, her legs draped over his. Her breasts pressed against his chest. Her ass resting in his hands. When they broke apart, both breathing heavily, Katniss was the first to speak. "Let's go home, Peeta." He gave her a questioning look. "It's still the anniversary. Are you sure you don't want to stay out here a bit longer?" Katniss just shook her head. "I'm glad Prim could be part of our ceremony, but she doesn't need to be there for our wedding night." Peeta started for a moment, then grinned at his new wife. She grinned back at him. They shared one more quick kiss before they both stood. Peeta gathered his bag and the remaining rolls while Katniss stamped out their fire and kicked the ashes away. Then they walked hand in hand back to the car. Not everything was fixed, of course. There would still be good days and bad. There would still be days when grief consumed her. They still needed to marry officially. Telling his mother that he had married by toasting bread at a cemetery was not an experience he was looking forward to. But they were together. They always would be, and in a way they always had been. They were together, and on that day, that was enough.