8 hours." She leaves and I look at Katniss. "Katniss, What would you like to eat? Your usual?" "Mmmmm. You know it." "I will be right back." I walk out the door and start down the hall. I am half way to the mess hall when I suddenly get light headed. I lean against the wall to get the feeling to go away. I then feel a hand on my shoulder. I turn around too quickly and land flat on my ass. Christopher then helps me up and guides me to a chair. "Cato, why are you not in a bed resting?" "Katniss is awake and is hungry. I was going to the mess hall to get her her favorite foods so that she could start building strength to carry our girls a little longer. It is too soon for them to be born." "Cato, you know that you can order that stuff to go to the room from the room right?" "Please don't tell Katniss. This is my penance for causing her so much pain & I'll take it like a man. I just want to make it up to Katniss and protect her now. Her and the girls are my family now too. Speaking of family. Mrs. Everdeen mentioned something about uncles?" "I wanted to wait until you were out of medical to tell you but now it seems that I have no choice. We will go and get Katniss her food and then you and I have to talk about this." We get Katniss's food and go back to our room. She is sitting up in the bed with her hands on her belly. She is softly singing to them. She giggles as she stops. I am guessing that the twins just kicked her because she stopped singing. They are not the only ones who love her voice. She looks up and her smile drops. "Katniss that was very beautiful." "Who are you? Cato who is he?" "Katniss, this is the fourth in command commander of the air fleet for the rebellion and he is my older brother Christopher. He is also the one who saved us from the arena." "It is an honor to meet the woman who is carrying my nieces." "Thank you for saving us all, and the honor is all mine to be in the presence of one of the top commanders." "Has Cato told you anything about the rebellion?" "No sir. I just woke up and I was being checked on by my mother." "She is the fifth in command in the rebellion. She is the commander of the medical unit. Your sister is second in command of the medical unit. You have a very smart little sister and a very wise mother. She really does not like my brother though. I can't say that I blame her. He is a little jack ass. I am terribly sorry about his treatment of you." Katniss's mouth fell open and eyes are wide in shock. Then she slightly shakes her head and says: "You do not need to apologize for him. He has already apologized and although he has been forgiven it is not likely I will let him in that easily." Will she ever let it go? Damn, I just want this to end already. I want to hold her and make her feel safe and help her with our babies. "One day, I will assure you, he will be a worthy man for you." "I know but today is not that day. Could you please let everyone know that I am on the mend? Please send Clove and Peeta to me. You heard my mother I am on bed rest." "Of Course, Fire Girl. I will send them right away." Christopher and I walk out and a few steps down the hall. I step into the room and look at Clove who has Peeta sitting behind her both of their hands on her swollen belly. Seeing this makes me want to do the same with Katniss. "Hey don't want to ruin a Kodak moment, but Katniss is finally awake and she is asking for you, both of you." "Thank you Cato. Thank you for everything. For leading us in the arena and for keeping us all as safe as you can. You are a great leader when you don't have your head up your ass. Right Clovie?" "Well you shouldn't thank me. I messed up really bad. And you have a good one two combo." We laugh and then Christopher and I walked back to the mess hall. He did not start to talk until we have our food in front of us. "There is something I need to tell you. Mom and Clara are stuck in D-2 for a while. We will not be able to go in for a rescue mission for another two–three months. I know that you are already pretty stressed out, but I just need you to be prepared for what is to come." Why can we not go get them? We have to plan and think of strategies and stock up on supplies to make sure that everything is executed out in the safest possible way. We have to make sure that no one gets hurt. But mom and Clara are there. We escaped from the arena. They will go after our family. Not yet we have time. I am going to take you back to your room now. I have to go work out our strategy for the evacuation of D-2. We walk into the room and see that not only is Peeta and Clove are here but Prim and Brutus is too. Chris asks to talk to Prim and Brutus and they follow them out. As they are out in the hall, I start to think: 'What is Chris hiding and why didn't he answer my question about uncles?' They all walk back in and things continue to to flow as they once did.