fluttering open. She pushed him away from her body again and started to life her shirt. "No. Let me." Peeta lifted her shirt, slowly, reveling in her beauty inch by inch. He took in every detail, from the swell of her breasts to the rise of her chest as she inhaled and the burn marks that trailed down her side. "Peeta." He'd been staring, and probably drooling, and hearing his name snapped him back to the present. "Sorry," he breathed. "I just… I mean… you're so perfect." "But my scars…." "I have them too, Katniss. You know that. You're still beautiful." And to prove his point he started kissing every single scar. And then he planted his lips on her right breast. Why in all the name of everything holy hadn't he done this before? She seemed to agree because she whimpered and then grabbed his head, pushing his head deeper into her breast. He took the hint. When he started kneading her left breast he couldn't even switch tactics and suck the left one while kneading the right one. He had to get inside her, now, now, now, now . She seemed to agree. "Please, Peeta," she said throatily, and he agreed. He didn't even have to tell her to open her legs. They were parted for him. He lined himself up and looked at her. "I'm sorry if I hurt you." "The quicker you start the quicker it ends." That was great logic. "What about… protection?" "I've been on birth control since that first kiss, Peeta." That was good enough for him. He gently, gently, gently entered her, once again not breathing, because if he started breathing he'd want to start pumping, and if he started pumping he'd hurt her, and he didn't want to her because she felt so damn fucking good that even just staying in this position made him want to bust. "Peeta, please move," groaned out Katniss, and suddenly he was bought back to reality as Katniss started grinding her hips to his. He shuddered and slowly started moving and she gasped. "Am I hurting you?" "You're… perfect," she moaned. "God." She closed her eyes and arched her back. "Look at me Katniss." She obliged and he realized how stupid that command was, because he couldn't keep staring at her, because he'd cum, and he was already so close, so he buried his face in her neck, though that wasn't much smarter because she smelled so good, so wonderfully good. Breathe , he told himself. Breathe and think about something, anything other than Katniss, and being inside of her, and how tight she is, and how warm and wet she is, and how she fits me like a glove. Don't think about her moaning and gasping your name. Don't think about how real this is. "Katniss, I'm gonnna… I don't think I can last." He was trying to, because he knew how rare it was for girls to cum their first time, but damn it to hell it wasn't easy. He'd never known something could feel so good. She didn't respond to his confession so he chanced a glance at her, and as he did he felt her clench around him, calling out his name like a prayer, tightening her legs around his hips, her nails digging in his back. Holy fucking shit Katniss Everdeen was coming undone because of him . His body started acting on its own accord and started plunging in and out of her at a rapid pace; exploding inside of her so hard his head was spinning and he saw stars. He cursed softly and buried his face in the crook of her neck until he remembered how to breathe properly. It was several moments before he rolled off of her. English. That was the name of the language he spoke. There was an alphabet and those letters formed words that made sentences. If he opened his mouth and stopped gaping like a fish he would be able to speak those sentences. But first his heart rate had to slow down. That was amazing. He tried to tell her so, but something else came out instead. A question. "You love me, real or not real?" She snuggled into him, her voice still deep, and says, "Real." He didn't think they'd ever get to this place. He'd hoped she'd get here one day, even if it meant being with a boy she took a whip for instead of him. This is what he had wanted for her, to be loved, and to love somebody in return. The fact that it was him meant that it'd all been worth it. It had started with a song, sang by a five-year-old in a red plaid dress with two braids down her back and ended with a woman who kissed him because of a few sketches. They say a picture is worth a thousand words. And she was worth a hundred lifetimes. I know some of you are waiting for my update for The Lieutenant and the Artist. Part two is coming soon. The idea for A Hundred Lifetimes hit me at work today and I couldn't get it out of my mind. I have to admit I like the idea of Peeta getting over Katniss with Madge. I just feel like Madge and him had a lot in common. (You'll also see that in Rise From the Ashes). However in knowing Peeta and I don't think his character would have done anything with Madge. Still, it's fun to explore. I know the 'real, not real' thing has been done like a trillion times, but you can't talk about their first time without talking about it, so yes, I had to add it in there if I'm going to stay true to the books. I really want to write a one-shot where Katniss and Peeta get snowed in…. What do you guys think? Let me know. Updating my stories soon, I promise. -thamockingjayandpeeta