the war, Haymitch," she'd interrupted. "Now shut up and kiss me." "It's been so long," he had told her as she started undressing him. Like twenty-five plus years. "For me too," whispered Effie. How he had waited so long he'd never know, because the minute he was inside of her he realized that this was the best feeling in the whole entire world, and he was a damn fool for putting himself in solitary confinement for all these years. It was pretty damn quick but it was also pretty fucking incredible. And then she burst into tears afterwards. He'd frozen, worried that they'd just made a big mistake. "I don't want you to leave," she sobbed. Leave? What? He just got here. "Katniss is going to get off, I know she is, and they'll send her back to 12, and you'll have to go, because you're her mentor, and she'll need you, but I need you too." She was right, of course, and he had known that when he'd arrived, but in the heat of the moment he'd forgotten everything and everyone, with the exception of Effie. "I'm here now," he had told her, and when he slid back on top of her, he took his time with her, kissing every scar, kissing her all over, until her sobs turned to gasps and her body started to flush from pleasure. They clung to each other, and he tried his damnest to remember every single thing about her, because he didn't know how long this would last, but he hoped forever, because she fit so perfectly inside him, and the way her body responded to his thrusts made him think that maybe this was way more than lust, and she'd never, ever said his name like that, and why had he never appreciated how sexy Haymitch sounded coming from her lips? And the way she moaned out 'Yes,' over and over again, or moaned from way down deep in her throat, the way she dug her nails into his back made him realize that there may never be anything better than this ever, not even alcohol, and perhaps he should become addicted to her instead. When she clenched around him, their bodies dripping with sweat, he jerked inside of her and felt himself release, but before he could cry out from pleasure her lips were on his, and he felt every nerve in him explode at the contact. "Jesus fucking Christ," he cursed when she pulled away, her own hips still lightly pumping against his, as if trying to receive ever drop of him. "Manners, Haymitch," was her response, and he looked at her, looked at his Effie, and thought about all her rules and regulations and lists and appointments, and said, "I love you." It'd been years, years since he'd loved someone, but you can't plan a war with someone and not start to care for them. These past two years he'd seen a side of her he'd never known existed, and she had seen the same within him. So when Katniss got off, and was sentenced back to 12, yah, he had to go. And even though he hated the Capitol, he came back, to help Peeta, and to help Effie. And when it was time for Peeta to return home, he'd call and check up on Effie. The drinking never stopped, but he no longer needed the alcohol. He cleaned himself up, kept a couple of bottles of liquor, like a normal human being, and threw the rest of them out. He kept wine on deck too, because Effie liked wine, and when she came to visit, and she would come, because she loved him too, she would be able to drink it. He cleaned his place up and started raising geese, anything to keep him distracted when Effie wasn't there, though she came to visit every other weekend. They'd both rather be here than in the Capitol, but she couldn't leave, anymore than he could leave 12. She stopped wearing the wigs and the pounds of makeup, but she never stopped being Effie . She still wore heels and was a fashionista, but he learned to appreciate that about her. And when she finally moved to 12, she took the seam's fashion and made them her own, and after a while people got used to the eccentric Effie. She'd walk to Peeta's bakery, or shop around town, and people had stopped pointing and laughing. "That's just Effie," they'd say, and they'd welcome her warmly. Much to Katniss' horror her daughter, who painted and baked just like her father, took a surprising interest in fashion, and it was Effie who taught her to walk in heels, and it was Effie who convinced Katniss to let Willow try on some of the Mockingjay's old clothes. "They just sit in the closet, collecting dust." Katniss and Effie had both cried when they'd seen Willow off to her senior prom, something that had been reinstituted several years ago, along with sports like football, basketball, and baseball. Peeta and Haymitch had to blink away their own tears, and when Willow and her date went off, Effie, Haymitch, Katniss, and Peeta stayed up well into the night, wondering where the time went. "One minute we're planning a war, the next we're falling in love," Effie said once they were back at their own place, in bed. "An Escort and a mentor. Why I'd never." "Me either, Princess," he said, and rolled over and pulled her to him. "Perhaps the odds were in our favor," said Effie, her Capitol accent sneaking through in her sleepiness. He'd smiled at those words and kissed her neck. He didn't sleep with the knife anymore. He didn't need to. The Games were over, and when they ended, his life had finally begun again, all thanks to a Capitol woman who'd let down her guard, stripped naked for him, and allowed him to see the very best of her.