of fire is quickly about to burst again. No. Not burst. Explode. He says my name, softly, lovingly. "Katniss." It's a like a sigh, Katniss. Just Katniss. His Katniss. My legs tighten around is waist on their own accord and I push him in deeper. This time it's me who can't stop calling his name. I arch my back, because it seems like that's what I'm supposed to do, and it's definitely the right move. "Peeta," I whimper out, and he's there, almost there, at my sacred place. "Oh God." A guttural moan escapes and I bite his shoulder to keep from screaming. Peeta jerks and looks at me. I keep his gaze, and I know it'll happen soon. "Don't stop," I tell him, and he closes his eyes, moaning. "Faster. So close. Oh God. Peeta. Please." My hips are meeting his earnestly, and thoughts and words start to jumble in my mind as I get more and more excited to reach that peak, that mountaintop with him. Harder is the only word I can get out. "Harder, Peeta," I chant. "Yes. There. Peeta. Peeta. Peeta." I'm saying his name like a prayer, and he's looking at me as if he's under a spell. I stare back and watch as his orbs darken until they're midnight blue, like the night sky. I decide in that moment I want to drown in them. We cum together, loudly, both of us, our bodies sweating, and we're pumping in sync so I don't know who's taking and who's giving. He pumps into me for good measure a few more times, and I revel how good it feels to have his seed inside me. He buries his face in the crook of my neck as he slowly slides out, as if he never wants to leave me. "You love me, real or not real?" I say, "Real," because it's the truth. We stay curled up for a long while, until Peeta gets up and starts looking for his clothes. He can't stay. I know he can't stay. He knows he can't stay. Still, when he passes the bed I reach out and grab his hand. "Stay with me." He doesn't hesitate. Just flashes that beautiful smile of his, climbs back in next to me, pulls me close, and says, "Always." He kisses my temple and we drift off to sleep. The next morning I wake up snuggled into Peeta's arms. His body is pressed into mine and he's got me locked securely in his arms, as if he'll never let me go. I can tell he's awake because his breathing was uneven, and I learned how his breathing sounds when he's asleep now. That's how I fell asleep. He starts rubbing my arm with his thumb and I don't think I quite mask my shiver because he leaves my arm and grips my breasts. I moan softly, and then he flips me over, kissing my neck. I'm already getting wet. "Katniss," he says softly, and now I'm a puddle. We're kissing, and touching, and the minute he slides into me I'm arching into him. We start slow, careful to be quiet, because we found out last night my bed squeaks, and the last thing we need is for my mother to hear what's going on under her very roof. I've never disrespected her house, and I don't want her to know I'm doing so now. I should feel guilty, but really all I feel is pleasure. At the exact same time there's a soft knock on my door, and Prim gently calls, "Katniss, are you awake?" Peeta hits a spot that makes me say, "Yes." Prim thinks I'm responding to her, but I'm not. "Can I come in?" I can't immediately answer because Peeta keeps thrusting, ignoring the fact that my younger sister is on the other side of the door. "Katniss?" I moan softly, gripping Peeta's hips and pulling him into me. "Give me a minute," I say as casually as I can, but I know my voice is wavering. "You're gonna need longer than that," Peeta said throatily in my ear, and those words make me cum. He has the nerve to cover my mouth as I cry out. "Katniss, are you okay?" "God, yes," I whimper. "I'm okay." I don't know if she hears me, or even care. I look at Peeta, my voice lowering. "I'm better than okay. I'm good. So fucking good." This time it's Peeta who groans, and I feel the vibrations against his chest, which my breasts are bouncing against. "Katniss," he says, burying his face in my neck and running his fingers through my hair. "You're so incredible. So incredible." His hips start pumping faster, his strokes stronger, and I have to bite my lip from screaming. When he skates his hand in between my legs, fingering me, he has to kiss me to muffle the noise I make as I cum. Thankfully his grunt is muffled in my lips as he cums too. I'm flushed, breathing hard, when he climbs off of me. I snuggle into him, taking his warmth, knowing we don't have a lot of time left. I sigh, content, knowing I'm the luckiest woman in the world. It's been a long, cold journey these past few months. I was lonely, and so cold without him. It always seemed to be winter when we're apart. Now, though, spring is back, never to leave again. With him I'm always warm. It's not as dark. The sun is always shining, and there's always hope. My sweet dandelion. "I should figure out how to make a quick exit," Peeta finally says after several minutes, breaking me from my thoughts. "I'll distract them. Just make your way downstairs and out the front door in ten minutes." "Okay," Peeta says. When we're dressed I kiss him goodbye and go downstairs, hoping my mom doesn't catch me. I can only pray that the odds were ever in my favor.