even as sleep washed over him. Effie cuddled up next to him and his arm automatically wrapped around her. No nightmares would plague them tonight. XxXxXx When he woke up the next morning she was gone. He sat up, quickly, and looked around. "Effie?" he called, but he was greeted with silence. There was absolutely no evidence that she'd ever even been here: no dress on the floor, no heels next to the bed. It didn't even smell like her. Fucking dream. That's all it was. Must have been a damned good one too. He was completely naked. He slipped on his boxers, not even bothering to look for his sweatpants and shirt. He made his way to his bedroom to find the nearest bottle he could. He had just taken a long sip when he heard a squeal. He raced downstairs, his heart hammering, expecting to see Effie in the kitchen. Except he was still alone. He shook his head, as if to shake the dream from his brain, when his back door opened. "You creatures are as insufferable and rude as the man who owns you," she said in her cool, clipped Capitol voice. With that she closed the door, noticing him for the first time. She wore her hair clipped back. Her face was completely bare, and he thought she looked stunning. The mystery of where his sweatpants and crewneck had gone was now answered: she wore both, the shirt too large and dangling down to her knees, the sweatpants baggy and rolled several times over at the waist. She'd never looked lovelier. "I hate your geese, Haymitch," were her first words to him. "They're a lot like me, so give them a chance to warm up to you, and they'll love you." She smiled at him and they walked towards each other. "What is it, Haymitch? You look worried." "I… I thought you were gone. That last night was some dream." She shook her head. "I'm sorry I didn't wait for you to wake but I wanted to get an early start on cleaning. I just came back from taking out the trash when your geese tried to eat me." He pulled her into him, burying his face in her neck. He wanted to memorize this smell forever; the essence of Effie: strawberries and vanilla. "I was only joking, Haymitch, I highly doubt geese eat humans." Haymitch snorted but didn't let her go, and, understanding, Effie hugged him back. "It's okay. I'm here now." "For how long?" asked Haymitch, his lips on her forehead. "For as long as you'll have me. But only on one condition." She pushed him back and looked him in the eye. "I can give up the bottle, Princess. I can even cook a coupla nights out the week. I can pick up after myself. Whatever you want." Effie blinked at him. "Right. Okay. Yes. But also… don't walk on eggshells around me, okay? I'm okay. I'm not glass." "I recon you've proven that much to me." "My train for the Capitol leaves tonight, but I'll only be gone a day and a half. I just need to pack a few things and return Blaize's engagement ring." He opened his mouth to retaliate but she kissed him. "Relax, Haymitch. A day and a half. Use the time to enjoy your bottles. When I come back, I'm getting rid of them all." He didn't drink, though. Instead he spent that day and a half cleaning up the rest of the house, particularly his bedroom. He got rid of everything and started anew. When Katniss and Peeta watched him bringing in groceries and new linens from their bay window he smirked. They'd find out soon enough. He tried to keep the panic at bay when Effie wasn't back by the third day. Maybe she had changed her mind. That wasn't a bad thought. It was better than the alternative—that something had happened to her. The fear was always there, always in the back of his mind, and probably always would be, but he'd give her a few more days before he made his way to Capitol. He'd search every nook and cranny for Effie Trinkett until he found her. She found him painting and repairing the fence in the backyard to keep the geese in their proper place. He sensed her long before he saw her. It was a gust of wind, and it blew her scent to him. His back stiffened and he slowly turned around. Gray Seam eyes met blue Capitol eyes, opposites in so many ways, but alike in so many others. She looked stunning in a summery yellow dress, a gold zipper in the front, plain by Effie's standards, but so brilliant in 12. Her hair was down, her face plain, and she wore nude pumps. He was relieved. Utterly and totally and completely relieved. "What in the fuck took you so long?" She had told him not to walk on eggshells, so he didn't beat around the bush. She arched an eyebrow. "Well if somebody had a working phone I could have called you to tell you I'd be late. Getting my affairs together took longer than I thought." He gritted his teeth, debating between ignoring her and going back to painting his fence or running up and kissing her every place imaginable. "You're upset," she said. "I wonder how I'll ever make it up to you." And then she turned around and walked back in the house, but not before unzipping her dress. Haymitch dropped the paintbrush and made his way into the house, nearly tripping over Effie's suitcases as he tried to get up the stairs. In his haste to get to his bedroom he ended up passing her. She was waiting for him in the hallway, so he took her right there, against the wall. Afterwards they slid to the floor, exhausted. "Welcome back, Princess." "It's certainly good to be home," she said with a smile.