name. Then she burst into tears, telling him he should divorce her and marry a woman who wanted children because she can't, can't, can't do it, she doesn't know how, and everyone she ever tried to protect was dead. And then he told her that yes, though Rue and Prim were dead, there was all of Panem she had saved, including him, and Haymitch, and Annie, which meant that she had saved Finn, and then there was Johanna and Gale and a shit load of other people too. "If you don't want a baby Katniss, that's fine. But if your only excuse is that you don't think you're going to be a good mother, you have a lot more thinking to do. We don't have to talk about it anymore right now, okay?" He ran his fingers through her hair and kissed her temple. "I love you. Go to sleep." She thought she'd found her way out; only she couldn't stop thinking about it. She couldn't stop imagining the way Peeta's eyes lit up whenever a child came into the bakery, or how good he looked with a child in his arms. Especially the girls. Katniss knew when she had a daughter Peeta would spoil her rotten. Wait. What did she just say? When? If. She had meant if . But what ifs started taking over her mind. When she saw a family of ducks at the lake one day, swimming together, Katniss felt a longing she never had before. So that night, before bed, after Katniss was done brushing her teeth, she reached inside the medicine cabinet for the package with the little white pills, intending to pop one. Except she couldn't. She couldn't bring herself to push the foil and force the little pill out of its square package. Instead she found her legs carrying her to the bedroom, stopping to stare at her husband, who was reading in bed. She undid her braid that she had just done—he liked making love to her with her hair down—and walked to his side of the bed. He looked up at her and she pulled the strings of her nightdress from behind her neck, allowing the dress to drop to the floor and pool at her feet. She watched as he shut his book, swallowing audibly, a tent rising in his shorts. Even after fifteen years she could still turn him on. She took the book out of his hands and put it on the nightstand. Then she took his glasses off and put them on top of the book. And then she raised her hand to reveal the pack of birth control, and she placed them next to his book. "Yes," she said, walking up to him and tugging at his shirt. It came off, and she added it to the pile, her underwear falling closely behind. Then she reached down for his boxers. "Lift your hips," she told him huskily, and he obliged. She started to reach out to turn out the lamp when he grabbed her, finally moving for the first time. "I wanna see you," he told her, his own voice low. His blue eyes flickered to the birth control and then back to Katniss' gray eyes. "But first… I need to hear you say it." She rolled her eyes. "Yes, Peeta. Let's have a baby." He took a deep breath, glancing at the package again. "Are you sure?" To prove she was, she placed her legs on both sides of him and sunk down onto him. "Got damn ," he groaned, and she gasped and arched her back, her hair swinging behind her. She stilled for several moments and then raised her arms to the top of the headboard for leverage. And then she started rocking, hard, hard, hard, so hard that the headboard banged loudly against the wall. When Peeta's curses became louder than the banging, she slowed down so he wouldn't cum yet. Taking the hint he grabbed her waist and forced her on her back without ever pulling out. "You want a baby?" he grunted. "Your baby," whispered Katniss. "You sure?" Katniss nodded as she moaned, arching her back again. "Say it." "Yes," she grunted out, though from his question or from the pleasure she wasn't sure. "Yes, yes, yes, yes ." "I'm gonna cum, Katniss." "I want you to," Katniss assured him, and he cursed. "I want you to cum inside me." It would be different this time. This would be the first time she wouldn't be on the pill, but she was okay with that. There'd be no turning back now. They came together, a talent they'd perfected over the years, and he held her closely as they regained their breath and composure. "Are you sure?" he whispered again in her ear. She smiled against his cheek. "Real." It hadn't taken long. Peeta had had a baby in him all along. She'd been excited, until she felt it kick, and then an overwhelming sense of fear forced its way into her veins and affected the rest of her pregnancy. But now, as she watched her husband and her daughter in Willow's room, sleeping on the bed, a book on his chest, rising and falling with the rhythm of his even breathing, Willow's head in the crook of his shoulder, she thought about how she was going to tell him that yes, she was ready and wanted to have another one. Katniss had a lot of first memories over the years, and she couldn't say which one was her favorite. What she did know was that Peeta was there for every first, and she wouldn't have it any other way. She could live a hundred lifetimes and never deserve him. But she'd damn sure try. And when she died, and she came back, she'd love him even harder, even better. She probably wouldn't get it all right, but she'd get it. And for now? Well, for now… Here's to her first.