says, surprising her with the meekness of his voice, "That is, I…I wanted…umm…wanted to say I'm sorry. For earlier." Effie finishes the cigarette and tosses the butt. "You really are drunk," she says. Indeed, his words are slurred and she can smell the whiskey fumes though she's several feet away from him. "No," he says, "I mean, yeah. Yes. Obviously. Doesn't mean I'm any less sorry." "Yes, okay, Haymitch; apology accepted. Now, if you'll excuse me, you quite rudely interrupted my sleep and—" "Don't go!" Haymitch says. Effie closes her mouth, then opens it again, almost disbelieving what she's heard. It seems as though there's just the slightest hint of pleading in his request. Effie immediately drops the ice princess act and advances a few steps toward him. "Are you all right, Haymitch?" she asks. Haymitch simply drops down onto a stone bench and pats the space beside him, which Effie reluctantly claims, sitting on the edge of the bench because she still isn't sure she wants to be close to him and, besides, he does reek of liquor. "I just don't feel like being alone right now," he says. "That's a change. Usually the only words you ever manage to say to me are 'Leave me alone,' or some other crude variation," Effie replies. "I'm serious, Effie." Now his voice is definitely pleading, and she takes note of his use of her real name. She's not Princess to him anymore, at least not now, though she's sure that'll change once he sobers up and remembers how much he dislikes her. She nods. "We can stay out here, then," she says, "As long as you want. Would you like a cigarette?" He accepts one, and after he lights it and takes a drag, he turns to her and asks, "So, want to know why I went berserk after my Games got mentioned at dinner?" This takes Effie aback, and she isn't sure what to say. She had been only six years old when she watched the live broadcast of the second Quarter Quell, but even then Haymitch Abernathy had been her favorite Tribute. She can't deny her curiosity to hear his version of the events, but at the same time, she really isn't sure that she wants to know. What she wants, however, soon proves to be irrelevant, as Haymitch begins rambling around the cigarette, starting with how he had almost wet himself in fear when his name was picked from the Reaping bowl and continuing right on through until he's recounting the death of the only girl he ever loved, his gray-eyed girl from the Seam, whom he was supposed to marry and who could have made his life so different, so much better than it was now, if only she had been allowed to live. Tears begin to fall from his eyes as he recounts it all, and he makes no move to check them or wipe them away. Effie pulls a crumpled handkerchief from a pocket of her robe and gingerly leans forward to dab at his wet cheeks, thoroughly surprised when he allows her to. "Why have you told me all of this, Haymitch?" she asks when he finishes, "Why me, of all people?" He shrugs. "Don't know," he replies, "I guess it's because you're the closest thing I have to a—" All of a sudden, his skin grows unnaturally pale, and he moves away from her. He had been about to say "friend," but the vomit had risen in his throat, choking his words as it spilled onto the pavement. Effie stands quickly, backing away from him. Even his vomit smells strongly of alcohol, and, because he's so thoroughly pissed, his aim is off and it goes everywhere, staining his cheeks and his shirt. "There it is," Effie thinks as he retches, "One nice moment in which Haymitch Abernathy seems human, and then his drinking ruins everything once again." Still, when he finishes, she comes forward to collect him, taking his hand in hers and fighting her revulsion to lead him inside. He allows her to pull him to the elevators and then through their shared living room to his bathroom, where she strips him of his stained shirt and proceeds to clean his face. She gets him to rinse his mouth out with water before leading him into his room and putting him to bed. "Effie?" he says, his voice slurred with drink or fatigue or both. "Yes?" "It feels good." "What does? Emptying your stomach all over the flagstone?" "No…having someone to talk to. Not having to keep it all locked up like some big, dark secret." "All right, Haymitch. Go to sleep now," Effie says, switching off his lamp and leaving him. She is confused as she slides into her own bed. Certainly she has been shaken by Haymitch's tale. Hearing a first-hand account of what it's like to participate in the Games has unnerved her and she's not sure what to do with the horror she feels, but, even more than that, she's uncertain, now, about where she and Haymitch stand. She definitely understands him better, but will that change anything between them? Effie pulls the covers up to her chin, realizing that the answer to that is probably a resounding "no." Tomorrow, she is sure, hung-over Haymitch will go back to treating her as he always has, and probably won't even remember how he poured his heart and soul out to her the previous night. But, hopefully, the fact that she now has a context in which to put Haymitch's gruffness and disdain for all things Capitol will help her to keep their working relationship as pleasant as it can possibly be. Effie hopes, too, that knowing Haymitch's story might help her to better connect with the Tributes that she will be sent to District 12 tomorrow to Reap, and to figure out if anything can be done, on her end, to keep those children from dying in the Arena.