heart begins to pound. Was he going to figure out the real reason she's on this train? Was he going to ask her about her past? Her family? How she got money? So as he opens his mouth to ask a question, she mentally braces herself,unaware that she has tensed up by accident as well. "What's your favorite color?" He asks with such a serious face that she has a hard time maintaining the obvious relief that flows through her. She hopes he doesn't notice. But if he did, he doesn't comment on it or even acknowledge it. "That's the, uh, deep stuff?" she asks, starting to become amused with his antics. "It's a start isn't it?" He chuckles. "Besides, we're going to a whole different state with each other. I thought it would be smart to know just a little bit about the person I'm going to be spending a lot of time with over the next while." "I suppose you're right." Katniss concedes. "Green. Like the forest foliage or the needles of a pine tree." She closes her eyes briefly, picturing that beautiful, scenery green. "What's yours?" "Orange," Peeta answers immediately. "Like the sunset." And she grins just as he does as they began to ask simple questions to get to know each other better, not knowing that they had just found the one thing some people spend an entire lifetime looking for. xXx Her eyes feel extremely heavy as she attempts to open them to the dim moonlight streaming in through the train window. As she slowly wakes from her sleep, Katniss feels oddly warm and comfortable. Not only does she feel so rested that she doesn't want to move, but those couple of hours of sleep on this train had somehow gifted her with the most satisfying slumber she has had in the longest while. "Ah, so she wakes," a deep voice muses. Her eyes lift to see Peeta's lips spread as he looks down at her with something she can't quite place…admiration perhaps? However, she quickly pushes the thought out from her mind. Suddenly, Katniss's body goes frigid with realization when she notices a strong arm holding her in place flush against the side of a warm body. He is firm and clement. And she feels so strangely secure with this man she's found on a train. Well, he found her. "What, do I not get a 'good morning' of any sort?" he asks, feigning hurt. "You know, considering you just used me as a human pillow for your two hour nap." She huffs playfully and rolls her eyes at him. "Fine, thank you, Peeta," she retorts in an exaggerated tone of voice. "Well you're not going to get very much response if that's how you thank people,." he mumbles. Katniss merely shrugs as neither of them seems to want to make any move to separate from each other. Instead, they just sit there, grinning at each other almost goofily. She can't believe what she's doing. Here she is on a train with a stranger that she doesn't know the slightest thing about and she is snuggled up to his side with her father's old, oversized coat shielding them both from the cool air of the compartment. If someone had told her she was to get on the midnight train and meet someone that she had felt connected to in a way she couldn't wrap her head around, let alone explain, she would have laughed in their faces. And because of everything she's had to endure over the past four years of her life, she only wants to believe that what Peeta professes to her is real and genuine. She simply can't take anymore lies or deception. "Katniss?" his voice questions as he breaks her from thought. She shakes her head a little. "Where'd you go?" he teases. "Suddenly you're just off in your own little world. Am I really that boring and unpleasant?" She couldn't help but let out a small giggle. "No, Peeta, you're perfectly entertaining." He winks at her before sitting up a little straighter, turning his head as he looks around the compartment as if he's looking for something. "What time is it?" Katniss glances around the room like Peeta had. "There's no clock and I don't have a watch. But it's still late and the moon is still pretty high." Katniss gestures to the moon through the transparent window. "I never thought of judging time like that," he muses. Katniss l bites her lip before saying, "The only reason I know is because that's how I've, um, always told time. By estimating where the sun or moon is." They settle into a comfortable silence, content to simply sit in the cozy company of each other. Hours later, she wakes once more, only this time to bright sunlight as the warm rays dance on her light, olive colored skin. Peeta's warm body remains where it was when she'd woken up to it hours prior. The same monotonous voice makes another announcement over the intercom and she cuddles closer to Peeta, ignoring her mind telling her it still may be a bad idea to get too close. "Attention all passengers, the next few stops will be in Chatham-Kent and London Ontario, and then onto Buffalo, New York. Thank you." xXx AN: Hope you like my new story attempt for a soulmates!Everlark. As always I love all the support I get from you guys and I am always open to your suggestions all you have to do it tell me in the reviews or PM me! Thanks Loves and Happy Holidays! ~ If I Were A Slytherin A special thanks to: Pookieh! Thank you so much for helping me edit this chapter of my story it means so much to me! So you guys should be awesome and check out her stories (but you probably already have!) Follow me on tumblr! snowxflakee Disclaimer: I own nothing but OCs Setting: Modern AU Rating: M