you're going down a path you don't like Gale, you can always turn back." "We can't turn anything back. Nothing can be taken back, nothing can be made to last." "Maybe not, but we can always change." "And what would I need to change into?" "That's up to you. A guy like you, you could be anything you wanted," she said. She made to leave when he didn't respond, but stopped when he finally replied. "Have you seen her?" He held his breath after asking. "Yes," Cressida said carefully, knowing full well who he meant. "How is she?" "I couldn't say. She doesn't want cameras near her, and I wouldn't interview her either." He nods at her response, still waiting on what he knew was inevitable. "She's… not alone." Somehow, it didn't hurt as much as he expected. The next day, Gale requested a transfer from Paylor. She offered him a promotion, a job in the Capitol. But he clarified. He would stay in Two. But he wanted a different kind of work. She didn't seem surprised, and Gale wondered if her sending him to Two of all places was deliberate. He would study first. District 2 was where they trained soldiers and made weapons. Some of the most advanced engineers in Panem worked there, and he would study under them. Over time, he could work in civil engineering. Building where there were ruins. Work that could take him to the Capitol and Four and Eight, all ravaged by war and in need to rebuilding of their urban centres. What he needed now wasn't the snare, or bow, but the paintbrush. To nurture and create instead of destroy. Penance, or maybe simply just out of a sense of duty to himself and Panem. He didn't know which. But for the first time in ages, he smiled. Gale Hawthorne had faced mobs, Peacekeepers, insurgents, mutts, and explosions, and yet even after all that, he could not help but feel nervous. His wife patted his hand gently, somehow aware of exactly what he was feeling. She was a woman of District 2. The best woman in the world. Warm and calm and hard working, and not unlike his mother, she sometimes teased him. He had to wrap up, not just for the chill outside, but people tended to recognize their Labour Secretary on a train. He had to be careful. The train took him to District 12, and he was overcome when he arrived. 25 years was a long time. Plenty of time for things to change. What struck him the most was just how different it was. The houses were old and rustic in design and build, but neatly painted and solid. There was so much space between things, the town know more of a small series of clean cobbled streets than a dense, crowded, dusty centre. There was a small town square with a market, memorials to the dead he observed solemnly, schools, and places of mourning and prayer. Small factories were bunched outside of the town, medical supplies manufactured and packed there. Roads that led out of town led to fields and forests, and there was no longer a fence. It was beautiful, but it wasn't home. Everything was neater, more colourful. The ash wasteland he had last seen was gone. As was the coal caked District of his boyhood. This was a different District 12, and he was a stranger in it. Would remain a stranger in it, he wasn't there for long. His friend Thom had received him, hosted him and his wife at his house. Not a shack like in the Seam, but a proper house, with several bedrooms. There wasn't much to say between Gale and Thom, but the silence was companionable. He stayed only a day in the District, visiting the places that were once significant to him. The following morning at the train station, he and his wife waited before their private train was to head off. Not a fruitless wait, because almost against his wishes, they appeared. At first they simply looked at one another. Peeta greeted him first. Shook his hand, smiled warmly. There were wrinkles at the corner of his eyes, but Gale knew he had the same. Then he introduced himself to Gale's wife. Peeta gave her a hug and a kiss on the cheek. He inquired about the children quietly, his wife telling him that they had stayed in District 2 with their uncles and aunts. She inquired about their own, and Peeta mumbled a brief answer. The train was whistling now and ready to depart. Gale looked past Peeta and saw her. She looked well. The scars were there, but faded. Wrinkles like her husband, right by her eyes, and some silver strands just like him. She was curvier, more well fed he supposed. She looked good. He had wondered for some time what he might feel should he have ever laid eyes on her again. Pain? Desperation? Familiarity? Fear, regret, anger? It's almost jarring how little he actually does feel. It's almost like gazing at a stranger. But there's still some of his old friend in her. Because when she meets his eyes, she nods, just slightly. And it almost brings tears to his eyes. He returns the gesture, and after a brief farewell to Peeta, he turns back onto the train, his wife following shortly after. She hugs him when they sit next to one another, again, understanding exactly how he feels without words. And Gale weeps and smiles and holds his wife. Because forgiveness feels like an old wound finally setting just right. Whew, and there we go. I hope that wasn't too bad. I haven't written in years. I'm not actually a huge Gale fan, but I don't wish him ill. I think it's more than realistic for him to struggle a little with what happened, and then find a way to move on. Just like everyone else has to in the series.