broke out. Upon their resolution, the greatly reduced population regrouped and formed a new government. Rather hopefully, they called this new country Panem, meaning "bread" in an ancient language. Bread, my father has said, has always meant peace, sustenance, sharing. Thirteen districts were formed throughout Panem, and the seat of the government located in a great city in the west, encircled by mountains. Perhaps it was meant well - that each district would specialize in a single industry that would be needed by the Capitol, so that their importance would guarantee their safety and the loyalty of the Capitol. But that's not what ended up happening. The thirteen districts grew resentful of their interdependent relationship with the Capitol, which ruled and took without giving much else back. That's how my father puts it, anyway. But we're not allowed to challenge the textbook view in class. The official story is that District 13, the easternmost district, grew greedy of its resources, wanted to charge for profits on its graphite, and felt that they should hold power over the other districts. Finally, 13 challenged the primacy of the Capitol, involved the other districts in a war known now as the Dark Days, and, eventually, was destroyed by the Capitol - and the other Districts surrendered at once. Since then, to remind us of our ancestors' dangerous near-unraveling of Panem, and to keep us in order, the Districts must annually give up 24 children to the Capitol. These children must fight to the death in a televised arena, to remind us of the devastation of our rebellion. To serve as a perpetual, ongoing punishment of the rebels - that their children would be reaped for death in perpetuity, in lieu of the greater, more devastating punishment that fell on District 13. "It is both a time for repentance and a time for thanks," concludes the mayor. All of these things fill me with dread, though I'm unlikely to face any of it. War - deliberate, sanctioned killing. Is this supposed to be less or more honorable than the Hunger Games? Are the deaths any less ugly or permanent? I can't wrap my head around any of it. It kind of seems like we're still at war, just one not of our choosing. I'm probably not the only person to have these thoughts. But since I can't speak them aloud, they go nowhere, and trouble only me. In the midst of all this ugliness, up steps Effie Trinket. In a gray, gloomy setting, she's like the garish gemstone you never knew existed, and probably wouldn't imagine even if you could. Her suit is bright green and her hair, thick and frizzy, is pink. She's from the Capitol - which would be obvious from her dress, even if we didn't know her - and she comes here every year on Reaping Day to pick the names from the glass bowls. The citizens of the Capitol - how to describe them? We see them on TV all the time, but it's hard to tell what most of them do. The Capitol has no industry except for entertainment and security. The Peacekeepers are out here in the districts. The District tributes provide the fodder for entertainment. President Snow resides in the Capitol, and he has a staff, one presumes, but apart from that, the tens of thousands of Capitol residents, from what we see of them, do nothing but lounge about the Capitol streets, shop in Capitol stores, wear outlandish outfits and primp their faces and hair in strange ways. Perhaps it is a deliberate contrast to us, in the Districts. We are monotone in our industries - they, without industry, are free to be as individual as they can possibly manage. Effie shows up every year with a unique hair color and an outfit that makes even our green woods and wildflowers look gray. We've seen her interviews on TV and know how she feels about being stuck with the smallest and poorest of the Districts. Her presence every year is like a reproof - be more colorful, be more interesting! But we make fun of her at school, when the coast is clear. Right now, she's nodding along as the list of District 12 Victors is read - all two of them. On cue, Haymitch arrives. By subtracting the years since he's won, he must only be in his late thirties or early forties, but he looks like he could be twenty years older. There's a wasted look to his face, to his eyes - everything. He's drunk now - staggeringly drunk. Climbing the steps up to the stage seems to take everything he's got, and he makes a lunge for Effie that seems calculated to be a friendly hug, but ends up looking like an ill-planned assault. Weird, nervous laughter tries to escape me, but I clamp it down. We are being televised, and I could get in huge trouble for making light of the Games. Effie pulls herself together and replaces the mayor at the microphone. "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor!" This is her standard opening line, delivered in a clipped, chirpy voice that doesn't match the occasion at all. "Ladies first!" That's the moment - that's always the moment - when fear clutches at my stomach like some vice. As Effie totters over to the girls' bowl on her impossibly high heels, the entire square, the entire district, chokes on its own breath and is silent, waiting. There will be a name, then a gasp - sometimes a scream or a cry or a wail. In that moment, it doesn't matter if it's you or someone you love or someone you just know. That terrible moment is a reminder that we are all dead at someone else's devising. I look at the girls around me and ahead of me, think of the girl off to the side, and wait, wait for the name. "Primrose Everdeen."