more terrifying. No mere horse was this, like the rest of the Furies attacking District 12. No, this was a hound mutated into impressive size; a wolf-retriever hybrid of at least eight feet in length, morphed by the fallout of the rebellion's final days. Its black coat bore splotched patches of bare red skin; its knife-like teeth hung out of its mouth like those of saber-toothed tigers of Neolithic yore. It snarled at Laurel as it slunk before them, carrying its fearsome rider with pride. No stranger did this man seem to Laurel and her brood, however. The man pointed his mace at Katniss, his teeth clenching in an awful snarl as he let out a howling war cry: " OSKVERNITEL! " Laurel's mother let out a single arrow, catching the man in his shoulder as he charged. The shot barely slowed him down: The man shrugged off the blow, lowering his mace and catching Katniss squarely in the chest. Laurel dove to the side as the wolf barreled past as her mother fell, blood spurting from a deep incision. Peacekeeper gunfire jolted the attacker from his assault as he rebounded to confront the threat. His wolf took apart the nearest Peacekeeper, decapitating him in one swift motion that left his helmeted head rolling on the bloodied grass. "Katniss!" Peeta shouted, letting go of Ash and grabbing his wife's quivering body. "Ash, get your sister and go! Tell the conductor to get the train started!" "Mom!" Laurel shouted as Ash grabbed her hand, fighting to get back to her injured mother. "No!" "Laurel, we gotta go!" Ash snarled at her. "She'll be alright! C'mon, or we're all gonna die here!" Ash half-dragged Laurel to the train station that had once hauled Katniss and Peeta off to the Hunger Games, pushing her forward to a shining silver train that stood ready for use. On the platform stood a petite blonde woman and her thin, young carbon-copy – Prim and Lily, waiting for word from the Mellarks. "Go!" Ash shouted at them as he pushed Laurel forward. "Tell them to go! Mom and Dad are coming." Laurel felt her heart racing as her brother pushed her on. She clawed at him, trying to get back to where they'd left their parents behind – at the mercy of whatever the pale giant was doing. He'd taken out a Peacekeeper with ease and smashed Katniss's chest with a single stroke; who could tell what else he'd do? She couldn't just leave them! "Ash!" Laurel screamed. "We have to go back! We have to!" "No, Laur!" He shoved her into the train's entrance car, blocking her from running with his body. "Get on! You heard Dad!" With tears pouring out of her eyes, Laurel backpedaled onto the train – ignoring the opulent surroundings of the cabin as she scrambled for a window. Smoke and fire clouded District 12; with a scene like this, what was left of her parents? Out of the gray shroud came her father – holding Katniss's still body in his arms and running with every ounce of strength in his body. They weren't alone. The pale giant came galloping out of the smoke after them, his wolf steed sprinting as fast as it could go. He snarled with malicious intent, his mace shining in the fiery night with the blood of innocents already spilled upon it. He had his eyes set on the two victors from District 12 – with nothing less than their deaths acceptable in his eyes. Laurel couldn't stand by and do nothing. She pushed past Ash to the door, keeping her feet on the final step of the entrance car as the train began to pull out from the station. "Dad!" Laurel screamed. "C'mon!" As the pale man almost overtook Peeta, a final Peacekeeper stepped in his way – blocking the assailant's path with his rifle. The pale giant barely slowed down, allowing himself a moment to crush the man's skull like a melon. A sickening crunch echoed through the train car as the Peacekeeper was reduced to a corpse, lain out by the pale giant as he surged after Peeta. It was too late by now, however – the Peacekeeper had bought just enough time for Laurel's father to hoist her mother's body with one hand, grabbing Laurel's outstretched hand with the other. Peeta pulled his foot in the door as the train sped up – just in time to avoid a loud clang! as the pale giant's mace connected with the train's metal sheeting. " NYET! " the man screamed, outraged at his quarry escaping. Laurel slammed the train's door behind her father, catching a glimpse of the pale giant's hideous, angered face before District 12 fell away forever. Her final glimpse onto her home would be its burning – rendered unto ashes by the Furies and their anger. As Peeta carried Katniss's still body forward, Laurel fell down in the train car and cried. Author's Note: Welcome to an alternate future of Panem, where the rebellion's final days were marked by an intense fight between District 13 and the Capitol that saw nuclear weapons devastate the nation – wiping out District 2, District 5, and District 13. More than twenty years after the fighting has ceased, the enigmatic man known only as The President rules from the Capitol. Never seen by the eyes of the public, he rules through an increasingly strict set of laws that threaten to cast Panem's young democracy back into the Capitol's autocracy of yore. Laurel Mellark is the younger child of Peeta and Katniss, rather than the older as in canon; Katniss had her son just five years after the war ended, rather than fifteen. For the sake of the story, some characters who died did not in this retelling; Finnick, Prim, and Madge are still alive. All canon material belongs to Suzanne Collins; all original work is mine. Enjoy, and I always welcome feedback! Part 1 of 3.