of his office he comes face to face with Reynolds and Martin Vanguard. His heart stops death in his chest. His heavy feet carry him to the couch. He sits on the edge just in case he might have a chance to make a run for it. But when Madge Undersee, herself, comes into the office and sits next to Martin he knows he's toast. Their eyes lock and stay locked for a long time. They only break their gaze when Reynolds laughs darkly. "Found a bedmate while you were here, Hawthorne?" Gale doesn't say anything which is the wrong thing to do, but he can't form the words to say no. Her face breaks a little but she says: "I don't think I found myself a bedmate, but that's just me. Maybe it's different for him." Her voice is ice cold. Gale could only shake his head no, it was different for him. He found the One. And here he is, screwing everything up like always. She pressed her lips together to hold off a smile, but her eyes glistens with happiness. Too bad this was all going to go down to the slammer. He was going to the slammer. They would all get away with everything because they have money and he didn't. He was in a shithole and there's only one thing to do in a shithole…be shitless. He was terrified shitless. He was done for. His stomach was coils into a hot ball that seems to burn his insides alive. His face felt hot and cold at the same time, as does his body. He was going to be someone's prison bitch. It was the end for him. A prison bitch, what a way to go… "Why were you extensively looking up Project Alamo ?" Martin Vanguard questions, his voice made out of steel. Gale didn't know if it was just because he was pissed or if it was part of his personality. Gale pointed to Reynolds. If he was getting thrown under the bus than so was Reynolds. He wouldn't be in this mess if Reynolds hadn't made him. But deep down, Gale knew he got himself here with fraud. Life with no parole… Prison bitch… Restraints… Life… Life… Life… He was 26 years old and would never see the light of day again. He was fucked. So fucked . "You know what this means, Mr. Hawthorne, don't you?" the steel voice penetrated him like a baseball bat to the face. He nods. "Say it." He hissed. "Jail time." Gale manages to choke out before Martin could pounce on him. Madge rested her hand on Martin's shoulders so he would calm down. Martin and Reynolds and even Madge let out a chuckle, " Jail time , boy are you stupid? Federal Prison is where you'll be going. I sure hope you didn't like the view so much; it will be such a bummer since you won't ever get to see it again." He sneers at Gale. Gale tried to swallow but couldn't even manage that. The spit got stuck in his throat and he sits uncomfortably trying to get it down. "Gale." Madge's voice is like a soft whisper against Martin's. "We won't send you to prison if you tell me one thing." "We will?" Martin is surprised. It doesn't make Gale feel any better. Even if Madge doesn't send him to prison, Reynolds will. "What?" Gale can at least try to get out of life in prison. He'd rather take 80 years than life any day. She leans forward, taking his limp hand in her strong grip. "What's 2 + 2?" "Huh?" he's completely thrown off guard. "2 + 2, it's a simple, basic math question." She smiles softly. "4?" "No, it's 5." She laughs before leaning farther towards him. She kisses him deeply, but he can't even enjoy it because he's end has not been finalized. "You're so cute, you know that?" she kisses his jaw quickly, her hands tangled in his messy locks. Gale stares at her blankly. "You know, you shouldn't have done what you did at Reynolds. You really shouldn't of, but that brought me to you. We found out about you, not Reynolds. We devised a plan to make you my spy so I could meet you. I remember seeing you at the Costal Concert. You were something I couldn't pass up. You just made it easy. Gale…I don't mean to scare you away, but you're it. You're mine." "But…b-buut…but…" he lets out a breath, "Reynolds!" he blanches. "Is my brother." She smiles sweetly. Gale's head whips around and stares at the man he's loathed since he started at Undersee Enterprise. He nods and kissed his sister's check. Gale makes an inhumane sound. He couldn't process this. "The gun?" "Something to scary you." Reynolds smirks like the devil himself. "But I should be going to prison! I committed fraud!" he blanches. "We can make arrangements, if you like." Gale's shakes his head no so forcefully Madge is afraid it's gonna going flying off his shoulders. She kisses him again before moving to sit beside him. She wraps her hands around his freezing ones. "I still don't like that you're fucking our sister, but if she wants a scumbag like you, well I guess I have to let her choose. She'll see soon enough." Reynolds says. "Our?" They nod towards Martin. "But Vanguard isn't the same and neither is Reynolds." "We all have different fathers." Madge whispers again his jaw. "Now come on, I have some important information to talk to you about in my office." Both her brothers groan in dismay. Everyone knew no talking was going to be happening. Madge dragged Gale off to her office couch. A/N: Feedback and Suggestions are always favorable! I am taking suggestions! Just comment and favorite and follow! Thanks! Once again, not all mini stories will be gadge, but will always contain Gale in some sort of way for the most part!