death of her. She was sure of it. "Glad to hear." He says just above a whisper. She takes his hand in hers again and leads him back up the hallway they had traveled down. They turn a few turns here and few turns there before they arrived at the doors of the Great Room, the sounds of their families bursting through the doors. They nod at each other and open the doors. A little while later they head to the dining room for a delicious meal of soup and fresh bread made by Peeta, the cook's son. Peeta winks at her from across the room before ducking back into the kitchen to finish the desert – chocolate cake with a German chocolate sauce. Dinner was lovely, but what came after was even sweeter. … The two couldn't take their hands off each other. It was months until the wedding, but from how things were going so far, they might just be "married" tonight. They stumbled up the winding steps until they're about halfway up and that's where Madge presses Gale's back into the wall, her hands gliding up confidently up under his suit jacket, a wicked smirk lacing her lips. She takes her hands out of his jacket and grips his hands, pinning them by his ears. His smile widens. She presses her lips lingeringly against his and reveled in the way a jolt of hot electricity shocked her stomach. His breathing hitches and he slips his wrists out of her grip, letting her hands fall to his shoulders, his hands traveling down her sides until it reach her thighs. His fingers dig into her skin through the dress. Her dress hikes up a few inches as he pulls her closer. They break apart, their breathing mingled as they stare at each other, their eyes dark. She loved the way their breathing patterns were opposite, they chests moving in sync with the others. He stretches his neck out and leaves an open mouth kiss to her throat, then her jaw, then her cheek, then her nose, and finally her temple. She's afraid her smile will be a permanent fixture on her face, but at the moment she can't find it in herself to care. She tugs on his warm hands, her thumb rubbing across the scar adorning the back of his hand. She leads him up the rest of the stairs to her doorway. She takes out the spare key out of the potted plant next to her door (they had to keep all doors locked when they had visitors) and unsuccessfully tries to put it in the lock because of Gale's warm hands wrapping around her waist and the way he nudges and kisses her neck is driving her insane. She finally gets it in the lock and pulls him in before slamming the door shut and locking it behind them. Her hands are instantly on him, unbuttoning his jacket and his button-down. His hands hang by his sides as he watches her. Once an inch of skin is revealed from his shirt, she presses hot open mouthed kisses along his skin. He groans deeply in his throat and leans his head against the door, his hands instantly bunching her dress up, pulling it over her head. He helps her with his pants because of all the buttons and ties and soon they're both standing in their undergarments. And soon enough, Gale has Madge backed up to her bed. His hands grip her bare shoulders, a smile filling his face. He pushes her gently onto her bed. He climbs on top of her, his dog tag landing cold between the valley of her breasts. His kisses were sweet and slow and deep, she could feel his want and love every time their lips brushes gently. And in that moment, that blue dress laying on the ground that had made her feel so beautiful tonight and the day they took the pictures to send to Gale had no comparison to how beautiful she felt now. No pretty dresses or jewels made her feel more beautiful; he made her feel that way. She arched her back and deepens the kiss, but he pulls away. His breath fans out across her face, the soup they ate for dinner still lingering on his breath. His eyes were intense when he spoke. His words and his body seemed to contradict each other, "Stop, the wedding…no married." He said as he catches his breath. She reaches up and caresses his face; he knew what she was going to say before she said it. He shook his head, "You don't know how much I want this too, but I want to do it the right way…when we're married." He balances on one arm and trails his fingertips of his free hand down her cheek. "Okay?" she nods and he leans down to kiss her sweetly but deeply again. They might not get "married" tonight, but that didn't stop him from drawing her bare body close and throwing the blanket over them. She buries her face in his chest and smiles. He was right, they should wait. Do it right next time. This she could settle for because he was worth it. "So, tell me about yourself, Princess." He whispers into her ear, his breath warm and comforting on her ear. "Well, first off, I hate being called Princess." He chuckles and draws her even closer as she rambles things off about herself. He didn't know who made the decision for them to get married, but he would have to thank them. He couldn't be happier, and he definitely could not wait for the wedding. A/N: What did you think? Please comment! If you c ould add what you liked/disliked/something you want to see/anything that would be great too! I want to be able to better myself! P.S. THIS HAS BEEN POSTED ON MY OTHER STORY GADGE: THE MINI STORIES. PART 3 IS THE NEW PART!