soothing it with his tongue. I moan brokenly as I dig my fingers into his soft blonde curls holding him to me like a lifeline. My shirt and bra are thrown of to the side along with his shirt, the feel of his skin against mine is intoxicating as his mouth meets mine again. I'm a woman possessed and as such am not responsible for my actions, which explains where I get the courage to lean down and bite the side of his jaw, he lets out a guttural moan, bucking his hips into mine hard and holding them there rocking my hips back and forth. "Up now, up." He says frantically, I panic thinking I've done something wrong as I scramble to my feet, but he just reaches for the button of my jeans. He makes quick work of them, leaving me standing before his sitting form in just my underwear, he buries his face between my panty clad legs, rubbing his nose against my clit as he slips a finger past my panties and into my soaked opening. "Fuck, you're so wet." I feel his words more than hear them, the next thing I know he's moved my panties aside and is licking my folds like a starving man at a feast. He adds another finger and I fall apart, my legs shake violently and I hold his head against me as I rub my pussy against his mouth. Peeta twines his free arm around my leg and holds me upright as I cum harder than I ever have in my life. When the sensation passes I melt like a puddle into his lap, where his cock is already released and so hard I can feel it throb against my stomach. "Katniss," He hisses, "I need you." It's a plea I couldn't deny. "Yes, yes, please Peeta." He reaches into the pocket of his pants and pulls out a Trojan Magnum before making quick work of the prophylactic and burying himself in me to the hilt before going still is stone. He let's out a long loud moan before capturing my lips in a searing kiss. I can taste myself on his tongue and it isn't anything like I imagined it would be, it's tangy and strange to be tasting myself on a mans lips, but the thought of it is so utterly arousing I come undone for the second time in less than 10 minutes. Once I catch my breath I push Peeta down onto his back before riding him hard and fast. Our moans breaking the stillness of our surroundings. When I cum for the 3rd time he follows as my walls flutter around him, calling out my name like a lifeline. I collapse onto his chest, nothing but a sweaty pile of quivering limbs and racing hearts. Slowly, like waking from a wonderful dreams, it dawns on me where we are. "Oh shit!" I say jumping off of him, causing a noise of protest to expel from Peeta as he slips from me. I look around frantically hoping nobody saw us. "Well, it's never a good sign when a woman jumps off you yelling 'Oh shit' after sex." "Peeta! Look where we are! We can't do this here!" "Well, we did." He says with a satiated grin. "Seriously Peeta! Get dressed!" He reluctantly obeys after tying off the condom and stuffing it into condom wrapper and setting it with the rest of our trash we need to take care of. Once we're dressed Peeta packs up all our stuff while I dispose of everything in the trashcan a few yards away. When I get back to Peeta he gives me a soft smile before putting his arm around my shoulders and leading me back to his bitch. We don't speak on the ride home, but our fingers stay entwined. Reality swoops in like swine flu when we pull into his driveway, he shuts the car off but makes no move to get out. "Stay with me tonight?" He asks and in that moment there's nothing I'd like better. "I wish I could, but I'm not comfortable leaving Prim home alone all night." He nods looking at his steering wheel. "What now?" "I don't know." "I like you Katniss, I don't just want to be your fuck buddy." I can't help the snort that leaves me. "I'm sure if you wanted a fuck buddy you could do much better than me." "STOP IT! Fuck Katniss," He says running his hands through his hair before turning in his seat and taking my face in both hands. "I want more from you than just sex so don't take this the wrong way okay?" "Okay?" I respond, it comes out as more of a question than an affirmative. "You are the best fuck I've ever had, ever." He must see the doubt in my face, "Believe it, I've been with more women than I'm willing to divulge and none of them can hold a candle to you. Your passion is all consuming, it's like your a girl on fire." Wasn't I just thinking that not an hour ago? "Did you ever stop to think the reason sex with Gale sucked was because it was with Gale? I'm not going to tell you what happened between him and Johanna because it's not my place, but I will tell you he said the SAME FUCKING THINGS about her, what does that tell you?" "That Gale's a prick?" "Precisely, and I'll be damned if some sexist prick is going to make my woman feel like less than she is, do you understand." "Your woman?" I can see his cheeks color in the dim light cast from the porch light. "Well, yeah, if you'll allow it." I'm sure if I put my mind to it I could think of a million reasons this is a bad idea, but right now under his intense gaze I just can't seem to care. "I'll allow it."