choke back her sobs as she sends sponsor gifts because she has no other choice. Because it will look suspicious if she doesn't. They both sigh with relief when his tribute finally kills hers. xxxxxxxxxx She's the most beautiful bride he's ever seen. Matte ivory satin. Long sleeves. Buttons down the back. Pearls in her ears. Orange blossoms in her hands. He sits in the back row, clenching his seat so hard that his knuckles turn white. He does not look at her during the ceremony. Beetee Latier notices this. At the reception they do not make eye contact with one another and he leaves to shoot himself up with morphling as soon as the couple cuts the perfect white cake with its perfect white fondant. Beetee Latier notices this too. Everyone smirks about how pissed off he must be that he was required, like all of the rest of them, to attend his rival's wedding. But Beetee Latier knows the truth. xxxxxxxxxx It is 81 ADD. He is twenty-three. She is nineteen. He is relieved to find that her husband, due to his position as mayor, has not been able to accompany her. But her skin does not glow. Her eyes do not shine. The bones of her face are more prominent. Her dress is long-sleeved and high-necked, and he knows the reason why. So that no one can see the bruises. So that no one can see the welts. xxxxxxxxxx He does not bother to tell his tribute to kill the girl from 11 first in the bloodbath. By now it is a well-known tradition. xxxxxxxxxx "I'm pregnant with his child," she says after the cocktail reception. "Have you told him?" he asks. "No. He'll be ecstatic when he finds out. If it's a boy he'll train him to volunteer." "And if it's a girl?" he bites out. "Even better for him," she whispers. "He won't have to go out to get what he wants." "Do you want it?" he asks. "No. But what choice do I have? I can't get an abortion. All of the doctors are loyal to him." "Have you told anyone other than me?" "No." He squeezes his eyes shut. "Exhale when I make contact," he says. She tilts up on her toes with her arms slightly extended to her sides, as if ready to take wing at the slightest sound. She reminds him of a bird. "I'm ready," she says. He sobs his apology into her hair as she bleeds in the bathtub. Then he carries her to her bed and he slides in beside her and he takes her in his arms. She nuzzles her face into his neck and he strokes her back until she falls asleep. He does this every night until they leave the Capitol. xxxxxxxxxx It is 82 ADD. He is twenty-four. She is twenty. Her skin is ashy. Her eyes are empty. Her bones poke out from beneath her dress which is, of course, high-necked and long-sleeved. Beetee Latier notices this, and he approaches the young man from 2. "Do you know," he asks, "what her name means?" "It's a plant," he says, the young man from 2. Beetee Latier nods. "It is. But it's also a word that means sorrow." xxxxxxxxxx "Show me," she begs after the cocktail reception. "Show me that it doesn't have to hurt. Show me that it can feel good." She doesn't have to explain what she means. He hesitates, but he can deny her nothing. He kneels on the ground in front of her, his face pressed to her stomach, his left arm around her waist, and he reaches up under her dress and slips the first two fingers of his right hand inside of her and circles her flesh with his thumb. She makes no sound, but she shudders as she comes. xxxxxxxxxx "You were right," she says the next evening. "I was wrong." "About what?" "They won. The other twenty-two. We lost. You and I. "I never said that." "No. But it's what you believe." "Yes," he says. "It is." "Please," she says. "Please do to me what you have your tributes do to mine." He does not hesitate because he can deny her nothing. He starts to prepare a syringe. "It can't look like suicide," she says. "Or they'll hurt my family." He knows she's right. So he puts down the syringe and he chokes back his tears. She lays down on the bed and he kneels overtop of her. "Don't stop. No matter what. Even if I struggle," she whispers. He presses his lips to her forehead as he wraps his hands around her throat. She struggles. He sobs. But he doesn't stop. And afterwards, he slides down beside her and he takes her in his arms. And he presses her head into his neck and he strokes her back. When her body begins to grow cold, he releases her and sits up on the edge of the bed. He tucks a curl that has gotten in the way behind her ear. He leans forward and presses a kiss to her forehead. He stands up from the bed and he prepares the syringe. When everything starts to turn fuzzy and black and his fingers and toes grow cold, he knows he is dying. And then he sees her. She is luminous. She is perfect. She shines like a diamond. She tilts up on her toes with her arms slightly extended to her sides, as if ready to take wing at the slightest sound. She reminds him of a bird. And when she smiles at him, he feels like a cat basking in the sun. xxxxxxxxxx He couldn't handle it anymore the analysts say as they cover the murder/suicide on the news the next morning. He couldn't handle the shame that he felt from sharing his victory with her. And everyone agrees that this is what happened. That this makes complete sense. But Beetee Latier knows the truth.