he lived two doors down from her, and about a week after his wife's funeral, he stopped her as she passed his house on the way home from school, and asked her if she'd be willing to drop out and look after the baby and keep house for him. Hera didn't really see the point in continuing with school. She was in her last year, and she'd always figured she'd just go to work in one of the factories once she was done. She could read and write and do basic math...what else did she need to learn? She'd miss Uma, but they could hang out during the evenings. Dean's three older children-Tara, Cole, and 7-year-old son Reese-seemed well-behaved and Dean himself was reserved and polite. He'd offered her a small wage, but a decent one, and three meals a day. So she said yes. Every weekday for the last eight months, Hera had shown up first thing in the morning to make breakfast and get the three older children ready for school. She'd spend the day cooking and cleaning while she watched Mia, and then she'd stay for the better part of the evening, serving and eating supper with them, washing up the dishes, and helping the kids with their homework. Some nights she even put them to bed. She didn't spend as much time in the trees now, and sometimes she missed it, but she still retreated to the forest on the weekends. Her father had no idea that she had dropped out of school. He left before Hera every morning, and after work he went to the bar and drank until at least nine o'clock. Her neighbors, sympathetic and loyal, kept her secret, knowing that her father would only squander her wages on liquor if he knew. She had a hard time looking Dean in the face this morning after her conversation with Uma the night before. She knew that people had started to talk about the two of them, but she'd always rolled her eyes and dismissed the comments. At 31, Dean was thirteen years older than Hera, and although he'd always treated her with respect, he'd never made a pass at her-he probably wasn't interested in her in that way, and even if he was, he was too polite to risk making her uncomfortable. But Uma wasn't exaggerating when she said he was hot. He was tall and broad-shouldered, with lean muscles from logging all day. His skin was tan and rough from working outside, and Hera liked the way the corners of his gray eyes crinkled when he smiled. He wore his dark brown hair in a small knot at the back of his head, and his teeth gleamed milky white against the scruff of his beard. Cole had finished his bath by the time Hera dished up oatmeal with honey and cherries for breakfast. "Alright, little man," she said to Reese, ruffling his hair affectionately. "You're up as soon as you're done eating." Then she turned her attention to spoon-feeding Mia, playing a game of peekaboo in between bites. This made the baby girl squeal with delight, and Hera loved the sound. It was infectious and she found herself unable to stifle a giggle of her own. Mia pressed the fingers of one hand, sticky with honey, to Hera's lips, and she caught them in her mouth briefly, and then released them with a pop of her lips, making Mia squeal again. This is a good day , she thought to herself as she licked the traces of honey left behind by Mia from her lips. Honey, and cherries and the sound of a baby's laughter. She looked up to find Dean gazing at her with warmth in his eyes. Maybe Uma's right , she thought to herself. No, I'm just imagining it. He's not looking at me any differently than he normally does. As she put away the breakfast dishes, she stood on tiptoe, straining to replace the honey pot on a high shelf, where little fingers greedy for sugar wouldn't be able to reach it, when she felt Dean come up behind her. "Here," he said quietly, taking it from her. "Let me do that for you." He smelled like cedar and soap and leather. After she had gotten the three younger ones ready, she helped Tara get dressed. The little girl was shaking with fright, so Hera sat her down on her lap and smoothed her hair. "Don't worry, honey, your name is only in once. They won't pick you." "But what if they do?" she whispered. "They won't," Hera told her firmly. "Now, let's get your hair braided." She combed through Tara's hair gently, humming softly to soothe her. She looked up to see Dean's eyes on her again, and this time there was no mistaking the heat that emanated from them. Hera felt herself blush, and she dropped her gaze. As she finished braiding Tara's hair, she thought about what Uma had said last night. Suppose Dean did ask her to marry him. What would she say? Looking after his children had awakened a fierce maternal instinct that she'd had no idea she possessed. She adored all of them, and they treated her as though she were their mother, proudly displaying their homework to her when they did well at school and seeking her out for comfort when they scraped themselves while playing. She loved the way Mia's face lit up at the sight of her, loved the feel of the baby in her arms. She didn't know Dean well and she certainly didn't love him, but he was handsome and respectful and appreciative of her help. He worked hard and he loved his family. She heard boyish laughter and looked up from Tara's hair to see Dean and Cole play-wrestling. "You'll wrinkle your shirt," she admonished Cole, trying to make her voice sound stern, but she couldn't help but smile. Yes. I'll say yes if he asks.