fine, fuck it," Clove pipes up. "Let's just get out of here. I'm over it anyways." Cato, however, seems to have no interest in what his friends want to do at the moment. He steps closer, and I can feel Peeta tense next to me. I'm suddenly deeply uncomfortable, remembering the brash, loud guy in high school who was always in trouble and who always got what he wanted–including girls. "Come back to my place," he grins, "I want to feel those long legs wrapped around my waist tonight." "Back up," Peeta snaps, but Cato just completely ignores him. "I bet you're a virgin too," Cato laughs. "I can take care of that part for you. It'll only hurt for a second, and then my cock—" I don't get to hear about his cock though, because Peeta grabs him by the chest and slams him up against the fence. Cato is looking at Peeta like he forgot he was even there in the first place, and Peeta's face is red in anger, a vein in his temple clearly throbbing. "What part of 'back up' don't you understand?" Peeta yells. "Get the fuck out of here before I drag all of your stoned asses down to County." When Peeta releases him, Cato glares at him with a look of pure hate and then smooths down the front of his shirt. He mutters something under his breath as he rejoins Glimmer, Marvel and Clove before the group of them walks in the opposite direction, and they disappear into the night. I finally let my eyes wander back in Peeta's direction. He's looking at me with such intensity that I don't quite know what to make of it. "I...shit...are you okay?" he asks, his eyes full of genuine concern. I nod dumbly, still a little shaken up from the whole encounter. "God, this was not the best start to our week," he mutters, running a hand through his hair. "I'm sorry you had to...experience those assholes tonight. You shouldn't have to go through that." I take a deep breath and shake off the lingering feeling of unease that Cato's presence and words left me with. I was always lucky enough not to have to deal with Cato directly in school, but he has always given me the creeps. I remember the way he harassed girls who he set his eyes on, and I was just lucky enough to not have made an impression on him, but I guess that's over. "It's not your fault," I assure him. "Come on, let's head back. I'll drop you off at home." When he reaches for my hand and pulls me back towards the cop car, I feel my heart do a funny little somersault in my chest and my skin warms from where his hand touches mine. I follow him without complaint and try to focus on why he has this kind of effect on me, but I'm too intoxicated by his presence to think clearly. All I know is that when we get back to the car and he lets go, I'm filled with disappointment. We drive in silence back to my house just as dawn emerges in the sky. He pulls up to the home that I hate being in and turns the car off. "I'm sorry, again, about what happened," he says quietly. "It's okay," I reply. "It's not your fault. He takes a deep shuttering breath, like he's preparing himself for something. "You're a beautiful girl, Katniss. You're beautiful, and you also probably weigh about 100 pounds soaking wet. The thought of you being in the wrong place at the wrong time–like those abandoned projects in the Seam–and running into a piece of shit like Cray or Cato is terrifying. Please don't go back there alone again." I'm so shocked by his words–the fact he called me beautiful, not like he was complimenting me, just like he was stating a fact—and how he genuinely seems so afraid for my safety that I don't know what to say. I swallow past the lump in my throat and can only barely mange to nod in response, whispering a quiet 'okay.' He gives me a crooked smile, like he's relieved now that I've agreed not to go back there, like he can rest easy now. "Thank you," he says. "I'll see you tomorrow night." I get out of the car and walk up to my front door in a daze. When I get inside, I see his car pulling away, and I turn quickly to head upstairs to my room. I strip down to my bra and underwear and get under the covers, still in a daze from everything that happened tonight. I should be able to fall asleep immediately considering how long I've been up, but my brain is working in overdrive at the moment and I can't stop my thoughts from going in all different directions. Cray and Cato's faces blend and merge together when I close my eyes, taunting me with the leers and lascivious suggestions. I push them away and focus on Peeta, those blue eyes and broad shoulders and perfectly toned biceps. I think about the way he looked at me, the way I responded when he touched me, and I slowly start to feel myself relax. As my mind starts to power down and the tension melts away from my body, my fingers slip down between my legs. I picture Officer Peeta Mellark kissing me, running his hands through my hair, rubbing my clit. I moan quietly and increase my ministrations, throwing my head to the side and undulating my hips in response. In my fantasies, he is gentle and sweet, and he asks me if I'm sure before pushing inside me, breaking me for the first time. He is big and he stretches me, but it feels so good. My back arches as I come with a strangled shout. Sleep claims me, and tonight there are no nightmares.