now. He doesn't want this just to be about him. She releases him and then shifts on the bed so she's straddling his lap, sitting up on her knees while she reaches down to guide him to her entrance. Her tits hover enticing in front of his face, and he palms the perfect mounds and laves each of her hard, pink nipples with his tongue. She moans and falters, pushing her breasts towards him and running his dick across her clit, making them both whimper in pleasure. He bites down on her nipple gently, tugging at it with his teeth. She gasps and runs her hand through his hair, tugging at the blond strands urgently. Finally, neither one of them can wait any longer, and she impales herself on his cock, letting him fill her to the hilt. She cries out and starts rocking back and forth, stimulating her clit against his pelvic bone. He grasps onto her hips and helps guide her movements, drunk with lust. "Oh god, fuck yes, just like that..." Katniss keens, circling her hips more aggressively. "Fuck baby, ride me hard." Taking Peeta's words to heart, Katniss rises up a bit on her knees and drapes her arms around his broad shoulders, clinging tightly to his firm, solid muscles. She sinks back down against him and then rises back up, pumping his cock through her tight, wet folds as fast as she possibly can. Peeta feels himself ready to fall over the edge, and he slips his hand between her legs, seeking out her clit. He rubs her hard and fast, and when she starts to tighten around him, her orgasm making her cry out and her body go rigid, he lets himself go, filling her up with his cum. The pleasure rolls through them in waves, and they stay connected like that for a long time. Peeta is the first to come down to earth, gently rolling Katniss onto her back and pulling out of her. He gets up and limps over to his bathroom, cleaning himself before wetting a washcloth with warm water to bring back to Katniss. He crawls onto the bed beside her and carefully cleans between her legs, wiping away the evidence of their lovemaking. Katniss, who had drifted off for a moment, turns her head and looks up at him, her eyes fluttering with sleep. "Hey," she smiles serenely. "Hey, beautiful," Peeta whispers, leaning down to kiss her softly. He tosses the washcloth into the clothes hamper across the room and then pulls her into his side. "You tired?" he whispers after a moment, kissing her forehead and rubbing his hand up and down her arm soothingly. "A little," she admits with a yawn. "Why?" He doesn't respond, catching a glance at the clock and having an internal battle in his head. His heart starts to quicken, and she must feel it with her head laying against his chest, because she raises up a bit and looks at him curiously, now much more awake. "What is it?" He looks into his eyes and takes a deep breath, telling himself he can do this. He has to do this. "Well, Happy New Year's for starters," he says with a laugh. "We were uh...otherwise preoccupied when the clock struck midnight." She looks over at the clock to see that it is indeed 12:08 am. She laughs and leans over to kiss him. "That's okay," she insists, "I wouldn't want to celebrate the New Year in any other way." He brushes the hair away from her face and gazes at her for a long moment. Then he moves away and reaches towards his nightstand, pulling the bottom drawer out and sifting around for a moment. When he returns, he has a small, black velvet box in one hand. "Peeta..." she says, her eyes going wide when she sees what he's holding. "I've had this for a while," he says, looking down at the small box, turning it over in his hands. "I actually paid off my student loans last year. I've been saving up for a different reason lately." "Oh my god," she whispers to herself, tears starting to form in her eyes. "I didn't know how to do this. I didn't know how to make it as special and amazing as you deserve. I wanted everything to be perfect." He shakes his head to himself and then opens the box. Katniss gasps when she sees the stunning ring, a diamond about the size of her pinkie nail resting atop a solid band with smaller diamonds inset along the edge. She moves her hand to cover her mouth, the tears slipping down her cheeks. "I don't care about things being perfect anymore," Peeta explains. "I just want you. I want to spend the rest of my life with you, and I don't want to wait another second." He pulls the ring from the box and grabs her left hand, looking into her eyes. "Katniss, will you marry me?" She manages to gasp out an enthusiastic 'yes' before she dissolves into tears. He slips the ring onto her finger, and she throws her arms around him, burying her face into the crook of his shoulder. "You can't cry," he teases her gently. "This is supposed to be a good thing." She pulls away from him, laughing and wiping her tears. "They're happy tears," she assures him. "Good," he responds. "Because I'm going to spend the rest of my life trying to make you happy." He leans down to kiss her and then pulls away, considering something for a moment. "And next year, we'll find the fanciest New Year's Eve party there is, and I won't complain once about going." She laughs and traces his face with her hand, the ring catching the light and twinkling brightly. "I liked our celebration better actually," she admits, "so let's spend every New Year's Eve like this one." He grins in response and kisses her hand. "Always."