crowd claps. Effie's weak clapping fades. "Shake hands, you two." Gale gives me a weak shake and his hand falls, back into a fist. Even by this small interaction, my stomach flips. We're both brought inside of the Justice Building and shoved into separate rooms for goodbyes. Only three minutes for everyone. That is not nearly enough. There is a feeling of sadness in here. Perhaps it's the plain brown walls, or the faded leather chairs. But it's most likely is how many tears have been shed in here. This is where families and friends say goodbye to the tributes. I've been here once before, saying good bye to another merchant kid. He died, as most District 12 kids do. I'm already preparing for my death; theres no doubt about it: I'm going to die. I've never touched a weapon, there's no possible way I can kill someone, and I know nothing about survival. I hear the shuffling of feet outside the door and know if must be Gale's family. There's a small girl wailing. My heart aches for the child. The door opens and in steps my dad. "Daddy..." I croak, but that's all I can get out before my dad grabs me and gives me a bone-crushing hug. We stay like this for several minutes, until I start to talk. "Daddy-" I say again, but am cut off by him again. "Madgey, I know this is awful for you. But please, when you're in the arena, stay yourself. Don't let it change you." And I know what he means by 'change'. A few years back, a tribute named Titus went crazy and started eating people's hearts. I couldn't bear to watch him. He eventually died, but he was creepy. And then there's Annie Cresta, from District 4. She saw her district partner beheaded. I don't know how I would handle that. We didn't see her for nearly five weeks after she was plucked out of the arena. She couldn't even formulate clear sentences at the final interview. "Daddy, you must know I have no chance of coming back." I force out and he sighs, as tears finally release from me, pouring down my face. "At least try. I don't think your mother could handle it." "Daddy, I'll try. No promises." He wipes my tears away. "I'm so sorry this happened to you, Madgey. I love you so much. So, so much." "I love you too, Daddy. Tell Mommy..." "I know. I love you." Then he's gone. The last time I'll probably ever see my father. I pull a pillow into my arms and scream into it. The scream is not muffled. "Katniss?" I ask. I didn't expect her to come say good-bye. I guess too busy with Gale. Oh, God, how is he handling this? "Well, don't act so surprised." She huffs. "I am your friend." I try to smile, but it turns to a grimace quickly. She crosses to me quickly before giving me a small hug. "Thanks." I say. "For what?" She asks, looking confused. "For just being my friend. I've never actually had a real friend. I'm glad I got to know you when I did." I finish, she still looks confused. Then she gets it. Her eyes widen. "Oh!" She exclaims, "Well, I guess you're welcome then?" She finishes awkwardly. I want to mention Gale, but I don't. We kind of just sit there until she is taken out. "Bye, Madge. Good luck." I grimace, realizing that those are the same words I said to her earlier. I don't think I'm going to get any more visitors, but am wrong when Peeta Mellark steps in. "Peeta!" I force out and then he's holding me. "I'm so sorry, Madge." "Not your fault." I murmur and he releases me. I take a breath as he starts talking. "You probably think you have no chance coming home. But you have spunk, Madge. That's what's going to get you through this." A weak laugh escapes me. "I have spunk?" "Yeah. You do." He's quiet for a minute. "Peeta? Tell Katniss. She needs someone right now." He sighs. "I dunno, Madge. I just don't know." He's taken out and gives me another hug. Then, I'm alone. Quickly, I'm taken out of the room, behind Gale, and shoved into car. It's very nice, but I'm too busy looking out the window at my home. I'm sure Gale is doing the same. Effie is rambling on with neither of us really listening. All that she's talking about is how much we'll love the Capitol and that it's so pretty and blah, blah, blah. Really, all I want to do is either silence Effie or curl up on a sofa and die. Both are looking pretty good right about now. We arrive at the dingy old train station where we're forced to stand in the lime-light as the cameras bask in our presence. I look down at my dad to see him standing alone, with tears pouring down his face. Then Katniss and Prim with their mother, looking beyond grief. The worst is Gale's family. The little girl I heard earlier is clinging to Rory's leg. The other brother is clutching his mother's shoulders, as to help her from falling. Her face is the worst. Years of being underfed and having to scrounge for food has etched deep lines into her face, and this is not helping. Her tears are streaming down her shirt and onto the black dirt from all the coal being tracked around. This sucks, I think to myself. This whole thing sucks. So what if we rebelled against the Capitol? We just wanted freedom from their harsh rule. And this is what we are rewarded with. The stupid Hunger Games where kids fight to the death for entertainment. This is sick. This is totally sick. A/N: Thoughts? Should I keep going? And if so, leave a review(: reviews always make my day(: Sorry for any mistakes, no beta!