her legs was over his shoulder. And he was buried inside her, each of them making sounds that almost sounded like they were in pain, not ecstasy. The feeling of finally being joined was too much to process. He could not hold back. He had dreamed about this moment, stroked himself to completion while fantasizing about it for as long as he had known her. She was perfect. She was hot and wet and tight and met each of his thrusts with equal fervor. She screamed his name over and over again. He could feel her nails digging into his back. "How does your pussy feel now?" he growled into her ear. "How does your pussy feel now that it's filled with my cock?" She whimpered in response, head thrashing from side to side. And then his hand dipped down to where they were joined to find her clit. He rubbed her in tight, hard circles, and he could feel her clench around him as she came. She went limp, and he could feel the tremors of her orgasm still surging through her body. He paused his thrusts to catch his breath and lowered her leg off his shoulder. Then he sat back on his knees and grabbed her hips to pull her with him, urging her to wrap her legs around his waist. His hands were at her lower back, holding her hips up so she was even with his cock. He gazed down at her, flush skin, messy hair. Beautiful. He pulled on one strap of her dress and was rewarded to discover she was without a bra. He tugged her dress down to reveal her breasts to his hungry eyes and when he began to knead the flesh, she moaned her approval and started to rock her hips again, encouraging him to continue driving into her. He was in a trance. He had never felt like this before. He had fucked a handful of women in his life, and he thought it had been good, great even. But this was something else entirely. It was the relief and satisfaction, of course, of finally being with her after months of teasing and longing. But it was more than that. He had spent his entire life keeping everyone at a distance, floating by completely unattached to anything or anyone. But then she came and changed everything. She was fearless and sometimes reckless, but she was mostly like him. A little lost and alone, just needing someone to connect with, who understood. He admired her. Her was amazed by her, the way she never hesitated to go after what she wanted. The fact she would swim naked in a stranger's pool or finger herself in a window or tell him about her pussy, teaching him that, apparently, he really, really liked dirty talk and that he wasn't too bad at it either He loved her. He could admit that now. And it wasn't scary. He loved her, and yet he lusted after her. He wanted to fuck her into oblivion, fuck her into submission for all those times she had driven him crazy with want. His hands were at her lower back, and his thumbs gripped around the curve of her hips They knew each other's bodies so well. It was innate, like they had done this a thousand times before. He pulled her to him as he slipped through her tight, wet folds. Again and again and again. He set a hectic pace, and she started to moan and whimper. "I need to punish your pussy, Katniss," he heard himself saying, only he felt oddly detached, like in this moment he was someone else entirely. She could do that to him. "I need to punish it for making me want it so bad all this time." She screamed in response, chanting 'yes' and assuring him that she wanted him to punish it. And then his hand found her clit again, making her back arch. He could feel his own release fast approaching and he could only focus on the sight of his cock disappearing inside her. He was pounding her, the sound of their bodies slapping together and his labored grunts and her mewls of delight filling the room. She came again before he did, and the feel of her insides squeezing him and her body spasming beneath him pushed him over the edge. He rocked his hips into her in time with his release, filling her up. He collapsed against her and tried to catch his breath. He rolled to his side and pulled her against him. He thought about how right it felt to hold her in his arms and decided that was where she was always supposed to be. He was able to function again before she was. He gathered her in his arms and brought her to his bed. He woke when sunlight was just starting to pour into his bedroom. He woke to his dick in her mouth. This time she was on top, and she rode him, moving her hips in a way that had him calling her name. After fucking one more time, and then once more in the shower, they talked about how to break the news to her father. Neither one had any good ideas on that subject. They kept it a secret for several weeks, too consumed with one another to focus on anything but making each other come. There was always an excuse. Mr. Everdeen had check-ups with his doctors or one of them would insist he didn't look well enough to handle the news. The longer it went on like this, the harder it became to even fathom telling him. And then, two months after that fateful night, the choice to tell him was no longer a choice. They had a nice homemade dinner, and Peeta broke his news first. "Mr. Everdeen, I'm in love with your daughter." And then Katniss shared her news. "Daddy, I'm pregnant."