the bed, her face and forearms pressed into the covers with her ass still in the air where he was pushing inside her. He moved his feet farther up to the outside of her hips to give himself better leverage, and then let go. Peeta was relentless, frantically fucking her at a pace that made her cry out despite her earlier orgasm. He grunted into her ear as he hit that spot so deep inside of her that she felt the pleasure nearly blind her. His hands were on the top of her shoulders, using his grip to pull her back against him. "Oh, fuck, Peeta!" she sobbed, as another orgasm ripped through her and she felt his hips buck wildly into hers, until he finally found his release and erupted inside her. He slumped against her, rocking his hips as he rode out his climax. She felt him press kisses to the back of her neck and cling to her body tighter. She had a fleeting thought that she would be sore as hell tomorrow and then she closed her eyes and passed out. When she woke in the morning, Peeta was watching her. He smiled at her lazily as her eyes fluttered open, and he reached forward to push some hair behind her ear. She smiled back at him shyly, biting her bottom lip and feeling her cheeks flush as memories of the night before came back to her. Being with Peeta had been even more amazing and intense than she expected. It made her heart beat faster just to think about the things he had said and done to her. She was so glad he hadn't held back, that he realized she wanted to experience the way he wanted her without reservation. She opened her mouth to tell him so when he leaned forward to kiss her quickly. The kiss was gentle and so different from the frantic, lust-filled ones they shared the night before. He rolled her onto her back so he was hovering above her body, using his forearms to keep himself from crushing her. "Hey," she smiled up at him. "I've got to tell you something," he said, and her stomach tightened a little in fear at the emotion and intensity in his eyes. "Okay…" she said nervously, trying to prepare herself for whatever it was he wanted to say. Peeta kissed her again as he positioned his hips between her legs, pressing into her just right. She sighed in pleasure and bent her knees further to allow him to get closer. "Usually, after fucking someone where I'm in control I lose interest pretty quickly," he breathed against her lips in a whisper. "I've never been with someone more than a few times and I've definitely never had any interest in lovemaking." She gasped as he reached down to knead her breast gently, rubbing his thumb over her nipple that hardened and puckered at his touch. She could feel him hard and warm against her inner thigh and she rocked her hips towards him, wanting to feel him inside of her again. "Something about you drives me crazy, Katniss." He started placing kisses along her jawline and behind her ear. She moaned in response, tightening her arms around his shoulders. "I want to fuck you slowly all damn morning. I want to look into your eyes and kiss you and tell you about how when I'm with you it's like nothing I've ever felt before." He pushed inside her and she whimpered at how she could feel every inch of him sliding against her. It was just as intense and pleasurable as it had been last night. "Peeta…" she gasped his name as he set an agonizingly slow tempo. "Love hearing you say my name," he said, grinding his pubic bone against her so it rubbed her clit just right. "Love making you come, love being inside you." She ran her hands through his hair, tugging at the strands and arching her back as the ecstasy ran through her. She was overwhelmed by how different this was than what they had shared the night before, and yet how it could still feel just as, if not even more, amazing. "God, Peeta, yes, yes, yes…." she chanted her approval as his thrusts got harder and he went a little deeper. She wrapped her legs around his back and used her hands on his ass to pull him inside her. "So fucking gorgeous, Katniss," Peeta panted. "I can't stop looking at you, can't believe you're mine." She cried out when she reached her climax, the sudden emotion hitting her and making her snap from the raw honesty in his words. He followed her soon after, shouting her name and collapsing against her body in a sweaty, heaving tangle of limbs. She stroked his hair and held him to her breasts as they both recovered, and when he lifted his head to look at her she smiled and cupped his face. "I told you I wouldn't break." Peeta grinned at her sheepishly. "I always knew that. It was more that I wasn't sure if I was ready to break down and admit how I really felt about you." She smiled at that. "And now?" "Oh, I'm a goner," he admitted earnestly. She laughed. "So all those extra projects you hired me for?" "Complete crap," he replied with a straight face. "Can you blame me though? I had to figure out a way to get you to stick around." "You could have just asked me out," she smiled in return. "Hmm…" he ran the back of his knuckles down her cheek, "I like where we ended up anyway, don't you?" "More than like," she whispered as they locked eyes. He leaned in to kiss her, and something passed between them in that moment that solidified what the night before and the morning had confirmed—they were in this way too deep. And they were both perfectly okay with that.