my mother had become worthless. We were best friends and I wanted it to stay that way, but about a year ago he made it clear he wanted more. At first I didn't want to ruin what we had. I was perfectly fine with us just being friends. But Gale is stubborn like me and when he wants something it isn't so easy for him to just let it go. He pushed the issue until I realized if I kept refusing him it could mean losing him as a friend forever. The idea itself was so unthinkable to me that eventually I relented and we've been dating ever since. Sometimes it feels like I made the right decision. Gale knows me better than anyone. He's been by my side for as long as I can remember, helping me survive after the car accident that took my father's life. There are times though when I realize my initial reluctance about us being together was warranted. We are so much alike, headstrong, with short fuses and cynical world views. We are both so full of anger that our fathers are gone, leaving us here alone to suffer. Together, it is a lot of fire. And too much fire isn't a good thing. But tonight, with Prim gone and the memories of my first grief counseling session still fresh in my mind, I'm especially grateful to have him by my side. He returns to the couch with his dinner and we sit in comfortable silence for the rest of the night as he eats and I flip through the channels. When I can't stop yawning I turn off the TV and grab his hand, leading him to my room. He sleeps over more often than not since he lives only just down the hall, but now with Prim gone I know I'm going to be asking him to stay a lot more. He steps out of his jeans and slides into bed while I disappear into the bathroom to change and brush my teeth. When I return to bed he's sitting up, waiting for me. I get under the covers and lean over to plant a soft kiss on his lips. "Good night," I whisper, lying down on my side and facing away from him. I close my eyes, ready for sleep, waiting for this day to be over. But then I feel him curl around my body, his chest pressing against my back, his arm snaking under my own. He starts planting kisses along the curve of my shoulder. After everything that has happened today, being with him like this is the very last thing on my mind. But then his hands start to wander, slipping under my shirt, squeezing my breasts, inching their way down to my underwear, rubbing me over the fabric. Despite myself, I feel my body start to respond and I reason that this might not be such a bad distraction after all. I tilt my head back to kiss him and in a second he moves over me, pushing his tongue into my mouth. He grunts and grinds himself against me. I feel his length pressing against my inner thigh. I pull back, breathless, "Gale..." I warn, not wanting him to get carried away. "Come on, Catnip," he breathes against my mouth. I feel like we've had this argument a million times. We've never had sex and as much as I realize that if anyone should be my first, it should be Gale, that doesn't stop me from just not wanting to do it. I can't really explain it other than the idea of being with someone like that terrifies me. It would mean letting walls down that I have done just a fantastically, wonderful job of building up over the past several years. It would mean laying myself bare, opening up the twisted mess that is my soul and allowing it to be completely vulnerable. It's not that I don't care about Gale enough to let him in, but the things that have happened to me in the past have left scars too deep to be healed. I'm not about to go around and leave them bare and uncovered, ready to get hurt again. His hand trails down my side as he continues kissing me, sucking on bottom lip. Then he starts tugging on my underwear, trying to pull it down my legs. I put my hands on his chest and push him away. "Gale, no!" He rolls off of me and doesn't do a very good job at hiding his annoyance. He's usually a lot more tactful about it. "Fine," he says, getting out of bed and heading for the bathroom. I wince when the bathroom door slams behind him. I lay in bed, wide awake, feeling guilty and confused. I know he must be getting tired of waiting for me, but I'm too emotionally fucked up to be able to handle something like sex. Not to mention losing Prim today has made everything worse. He could have also been a little nicer about it. Usually I offer to take care of him and make sure he finishes when I halt any of his advances. But by the sound of his grunts and groans coming from the bathroom I can tell he wasn't in the mood for a pity hand job tonight. I roll onto my side and close my eyes. As I drift off into that space between consciousness and sleep a blur of images float through my mind, Prim being taken away by a woman with too much make-up, the cries of parents who've lost their children, Gale pressing his hardness against me, making his intentions clear. In those last moments when I'm not yet asleep, but not still awake, another image, one I can't even begin to make sense of appears behind my eyelids. Blonde hair and blue eyes are the last thing I remember before I fall into a dreamless sleep.