fruity cocktail through a straw. "I'll be 26 in a couple months," he responded, catching a blonde waitress' eye and ordering a Jack and Coke. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Annie throw her arms around Peeta's GQ model friend. "Your friend knows Annie?" "Your friend is Finnick's new girlfriend?" "Guess so," she mumbled, realizing this was probably the guy Annie had started to see while Katniss was studying abroad. They watched the pair start making out in the middle of the bar like nobody was watching. She cringed and looked away. When the blonde waitress returned with his drink she smiled at him a lot and asked if he needed anything else. She trailed her hand down his forearm and Peeta stared back at her like he was bored until she got the hint. When the waitress left he tossed back almost half his drink with two large gulps. Katniss stood there awkwardly, looking for something to say, when she got elbowed from behind, causing her to bump into Peeta's chest. His hand went to her hip to steady her and those same feelings from the other night came back full force. She took a deep breath to try and compose herself. Glancing around, she realized she had lost Jo and Madge. And Annie was clearly preoccupied with Finnick's tongue down her throat. "You want to play pool?" he asked, finishing the rest of his drink in one long swallow. "Sure," she shrugged, following him across the way to the table. He ordered another drink, so she did too. By the time they had played two games she had lost count of how many drinks she had had. Peeta had matched her and then some. She was a little impressed and a little concerned at how much he was drinking, but she was right there with him so she couldn't really talk. "Fuck, I really suck at this game," she slurred when she completely missed the ball she had been trying to hit. "You don't suck, you're just drunk," Peeta said, that hand of his going to her hip again as she leaned down over the table. She sucked in her breath at the feel of him behind her, almost pressing her up against the table. "You're right I should probably go get some water," she said, standing up and brushing past him, needing to get away before she got any more overheated from his proximity. She got a glass of water at the bar and then went to the bathroom, splashing some water on her face when she got out of the stall. She inspected her appearance in the mirror and swayed a little on her feet, realizing she was still really drunk. When she stepped out into the narrow hallway outside the bathroom, she ran straight into a solid chest...again. "We've got to stop meeting like this," Peeta laughed in her ear, his hands automatically finding her hips like always. She looked up at him, and other than his hooded eyes and relaxed demeanor, there was nothing to indicate that he was as drunk as she was. But she knew he had to be because he had had almost two drinks to each of hers, and she had had quite a few herself. "I'm really drunk," she admitted, placing her hands flat on his chest. "Me too," he laughed, but it was a pained laugh and she could tell he didn't really find it all that funny. She looked him over again and in a moment of brief sober clarity she could see the sadness in his eyes and the way the alcohol numbed him from everything else. She worried a bit that he had as high of a tolerance as he did, but glad at least that he could control himself so well after so many drinks. A group of girls pushed past them in the cramped hallway on the way to the restroom, forcing her back up against the wall. Peeta was practically pressed up against her with his hand resting on the wall beside her head and the other still attached to her hip. His hand seemed to be glued to her hip. She was getting used to having it there. His head hung in the space next to her cheek so he was breathing on the curve of her neck. His breaths were deep and steady, and she could feel her heart start to thump louder and faster with every passing moment that they just stood there like that. She was afraid to move. She was afraid to touch him. She was afraid to do anything that would break this moment. "We should go home," he finally whispered, shattering the silence. He pulled away before she could respond, grabbing her hand and leading her out the back door. The cool night air felt good for a moment against her flushed skin and then it didn't. Her stomach gurgled in protest and the next thing she knew she was bent over vomiting on the sidewalk. She was vaguely aware of Peeta holding her hair back and rubbing her back, but she couldn't focus on anything other than how shitty she felt. He must have called a cab at some point, because then she was being shuttled into the backseat of a car, leaning her head against the cool window. The time between that and when she finally ended up in her bed was a blur. She only came to briefly when she realized someone was pulling the covers over her and setting a glass of water on her nightstand. She reached out and grabbed his hand, squeezing it and pulling it towards her. "Peeta," she whispered. The person whose hand she was grabbing tensed and then pulled away after a moment. "It's Rye." She was already fading at this point, not realizing what was happening. "Go to bed, Katniss." She was passed out before he could close the door behind him.