of the conversation is drowned out by the sounds of whoops and cheers throughout the District Twelve office. The clock strikes five, closing time, and the cheers grow even louder. Laughing gaily as he surveys the scene, Haymitch accidentally hangs up on his boss. Everyone, it seems, is just happy to hold onto their jobs for one more day. " Ha, no. I don't have a girlfriend, to answer your question," Peeta says modestly, a touch of boyish shyness dashing across his face in the form of a bright pink blush. His blue eyes soften. " There is this one girl that I've had a crush on forever, but I'm pretty sure she doesn't think of me in that way." When asked why a handsome young man like him doesn't go after the girl and win her over by one of the crew members, Peeta smiles sadly and shrugs. Once again, he offers the same helpless look he's been giving the camera all day. " Because," he says, "she works five feet away from me." "What a day," Peeta sighs as he slips an arm through his jacket sleeve. From her seat at reception, Katniss exhales heavily and laughs. "Yeah, definitely." "Well, a bunch of us are going out to the Hob tonight for an end-of-the-week slash yay-we're not-fired-yet drink. You should join us, Everdeen. The party could use some of your spark." She eagerly leans in, but before she can answer to Peeta's request, a gangly red-headed man in a white warehouse uniform marches into the room. The uniform and the man's pale face are both smeared with dark splotches of coal dust. He glides past Peeta and firmly plants a kiss on Katniss' lips. Peeta pulls back from where he leans by the candy jar and averts his eyes at the public display of affection. "Let's get out of here," the man, presumably Darius, tells Katniss. Fiddling with the end of her braid, Katniss glances toward Peeta before asking Darius if she can go out with people from work for a drink. Eyeing Peeta, Darius shakes his head. The toothpick that he has jammed into his teeth and begun to chew on hangs loosely from his bottom lip. "Nah, Babe. We should go home. Let's go home." Katniss bows her head slightly, hiding her disappointment. "O-okay. Let me just finish up with some faxes…" "Hey, you should come too, Darius! You like the Hob, right?" Peeta quips. His emits a nervous laugh that seems unlike any of the cool collected nature that he had been displaying all day. "Call up some of the guys from the warehouse. It's been so long since we've hung out with an upstairs and downstairs crowd." The red-head chortles and shakes his head. "Yeah, no. It sounds great , Mellark. But we've seriously gotta get going." Katniss tells Peeta to have a good weekend before her fiancé ushers her through the door. The crew asks Katniss to tell a story about a time when a co-worker did something for her. " There was this one time, a few years ago, actually, when my family and I were really struggling. My sister, Prim, had gotten into the nursing school at the University of Pittsburgh, and I just really wanted to take her out to this fancy restaurant. It was the place where my dad proposed to my mom, and where we had my graduation dinner…Anyway, it was too expensive, and I was freaking out for weeks about earning the extra cash. It was the night of Prim's high school graduation, and I found an envelope addressed to the 'Everdeen girls' on my desk." Cressida, enraptured by the story, is the one to ask what was in the envelope. " It was from Peeta. It was a huge chunk of his paycheck for that week; there was even enough to get dessert. I didn't want to take it—I mean, how could I accept something like that? But he insisted—via note, of course, because he knew that if he stuck around to watch me get the gift I would have chased him down and forced him to take it back. It was worth it. Prim looked so happy the whole night. He really went above and beyond for us. He even went so far as to call the restaurant and get us personalized menus at our family's favorite table. There was a vase of primroses at the center of the table, too." She pauses, as if she is recreating the scene in her head. Katniss reaches out and grabs something that isn't really there, holding the imaginary item to her chest. "And the funniest thing…a dandelion. Just sticking out from the bunch of flowers, like the florist had missed it or something. It was bright yellow, and it stuck out like a sore thumb, but I didn't mind it. This may sound corny, but this dandelion, this little weed, gave me hope. I'll never forget that day…I started working full time here after that night." " You know, our company's motto is: 'Panem today, Panem tomorrow, Panem forever'. My proudest moments here don't come from percentage increases or expenses cuts. No, a company is truly defined by the people," Haymitch tells the cameras as he packs his bags for the day. " The Cato Hadleys, the Katniss Everdeens, and even the Caesar Flickermans are what keep this place going. That's what this is really about. The motto should be: People today, people tomorrow, people forever." Before heading out for the evening, the cameras watch as Peeta, the last person remaining, creeps into Haymitch's office. Moving quickly, he grabs the manager's 'Best Mentor' mug and starts to put it in his bag. Peeta sees that the cameras are watching and freezes. "I'm going to bake this into a giant muffin for Monday," he explains before stuffing the mug into his briefcase and locking up the office. Let me know what you think! Thanks for reading :) -ILoVeWicked