her and they hold each other, lost in the haze of pleasure. She closes her eyes and realizes they only became intimate for the first time last night and in less than 24 hours they've made love multiple times and she still feels like she wants more. But as she lifts herself off him and rolls to her side she can feel her muscles protest, leaving no doubt that she'll be sore tomorrow. Peeta pulls her into his side as they settle themselves in bed, their sheets strewn carelessly around. "I'm never going to get tired of doing that with you," Peeta mumbles against the top of her head, his hand stroking her arm and back lazily. She still doesn't have a way with words like Peeta so in response she just smiles and presses a kiss to his chest and threads their fingers together so she can hold his hand. "Do you umm...are you..." Peeta trails off, suddenly tongue-tied for some reason. Katniss looks up at him curiously, waiting for him to continue. "Is this..okay?" he finally gets out, and she frowns in confusion, still unclear at what he means. "Is this too fast for you? I feel like this past day has been kinda intense," he says with a nervous chuckle. Her heart aches at the sudden look of worry and apprehension that she can see in his eyes. She realizes that telling him she loves him last night is only the first step towards getting Peeta to accept this new side of her—this side that knows and admits that she loves him, that isn't afraid of needing him in her life, that wants him in her life. "It has been," she agrees finally, "but in a good way." She feels him release the breath he was holding. "And I don't know about you, but I definitely don't want to stop doing...umm this...with you anytime soon." He laughs and moves to join their lips together in a kiss. "I don't think I'd be able to stop anyways," he whispers against her mouth. "Damn it!" She curses at herself out in the woods for missing her mark while trying to shoot a squirrel. She shakes her head to try and clear it. She needs to focus. She needs to lose herself in the familiarity of the woods, she needs to make a few kills so she has something to share with the butcher and Sae when she gets into town later. She takes a breath to compose herself and moves along, trying to keep her hunter's eye sharp. But it's useless. After a few moments her mind starts to wander like it has been doing so often as of late. It starts to wander to the same subject that has been filling her dreams and most of her waking hours. Peeta. She tries to fight it, but it's hopeless. She's in love. Since that night last week when they first became intimate and she admitted to him, as well as herself, the depths of her feelings for him nothing has been the same. Well, a lot of things have been the same. She still hunts—or tries to—and Peeta still bakes and they still have dinner with Haymitch. They still work on the book and have nightmares and have days where the weight of their losses is almost too much to bear. But from that moment when she was finally able to truly embrace how much she cares for Peeta, things have been...amazing. She doesn't feel like she's hiding anymore. She's not scared of what might happen if she opens her heart up to him because she knows he already has full possession of it. She truly sees now that all the joy and goodness Peeta brings to her life, his ability to help her see there will be sunshine once the storms clear is worth it and then some to risk the loss and heartache being in love can cause. And the way they've been making love certainly doesn't hurt either. Sometimes it makes her blush to think of the things they've shared, the way his hands have touched every part of her body, the sounds she's made, the look in his eyes when he comes. She thinks about being with him like that constantly, and since that first night hardly a day has passed without them being intimate. What strikes her most though is how right it feels being with him like that. How it feels completely comfortable and natural. Every part of her screams in agreement when he slides inside her, feeling like this is always what they were meant to do and share. Finally, after another botched attempt at shooting some game she decides to call it a day and head home. She's clearly too preoccupied at the moment to think of hunting. She knows Peeta will still be in town helping Thom out so she goes straight there. She wanders around a bit, searching for him among the groups of people working on various construction sites in what used to be the town square. The new justice hall is nearly done and the new government has a supply station for refugees that are still getting back on their feet. She finds herself at what will be Peeta's new bakery, still at the bare bones level of construction. "Katniss!" She turns at the familiar voice and smiles as Thom walks away from a man wearing a tool belt. "Hey Thom," she greets him with a smile, "is Peeta around? I got done with hunting early." The smile falls from his face and her heart seizes painfully in her chest, anxiety flooding into her system. "He uh...he went home for the day," Thom explains carefully, looking at her warily, like she's a porcelain doll that might break. "There was an accident..." The words only just barely leave his mouth before she turns on her heels and sprints home, moving as fast as her legs can carry her.