forearms to sit up a little so I can look at her properly and the sight nearly undoes me. Her hair is fanned out beneath her and her lips are red and swollen from our kisses. Her tits are perfect and her face is twisted in ecstasy as I start to build a steady rhythm. "Fuck, don't stop," she murmurs, her bent legs falling to the side as I continue pounding in to her. I reach down to hike one of her knees over my arm, letting me get deeper inside her. I move my hips in a circular motion letting her feel all of me. "Oh god, Peeta!" she cries, her head thrashing from side to side. "You're so deep. You feel so good. I can't..." I bury my head in the crook of her shoulder and start sucking at the skin of her neck, suddenly wanting to mark her as mine. I lick and bite and suck at the skin until I'm satisfied, feeling my hips speed up as the pleasure starts to grow in intensity. When I reach down in between us to finger her clit, she whimpers and I feel her start to tighten around me. She shatters beneath me and I follow her over the edge. I collapse against her as the pleasure washes over me. I have just enough presence of mind to roll off of her and dispose of the condom before taking her in my arms again. Her eyes have fallen shut and I know she's ready to pass out. "Spend the night. Stay with me," I whisper in her ear. She responds with a single nod of her head before sleep claims us both. When I wake up in the morning, my nose is pressed into something incredibly soft and my arms are wrapped around a warm body. I squint my eyes open just a bit and realize that I'm spooned around a naked girl and all the memories from last night come rushing back. This time I smile and burrow closer to Katniss beneath the covers. She wiggles her ass against my morning wood and giggles. "Still ready for more after last night?" she asks, linking our hands together over her flat stomach. "I'm always going to be ready for more with you," I tell her playfully, biting down on her ear lobe gently and moving my hand down between her legs. She's slick and hot and moans at my touch. "Looks like you're ready for more too," I whisper in her ear. We spend the rest of the morning the same way we spent last night: making love and making each other fall apart with our hands and mouths. Weeks turn into months, and before I know it Finnick and Annie's wedding day is here. Their big day is no longer something I'm dreading. I'm genuinely happy for them. It doesn't hurt that now I have a date for the event. I have a girl on my arm who I'm head over heels about and who rocks my world in bed. The ceremony is intimate and special, and the reception is a lot of fun. Towards the end of the night I'm dancing with Katniss to a slow song with her head against my chest and my arm around her waist holding her close. These past few months have been amazing. I keep thinking it's almost too good to be true. She is more than I could have ever hoped for. The fact that I got a chance to have a real relationship with her after the way we started out is probably the luckiest thing to ever happen to me. I'm so glad she gave me a shot. I'm so glad I didn't mess things up. "You know," I whisper in her ear, "the night before we met I was wallowing in my own misery because I had to listen to Finnick and Annie having very loud sex on the other side of my bedroom wall." She laughs and raises her head to look up at me. "Is that why you went out the next night to try and get laid?" "Hey, I didn't try to get laid. I did get laid. I scored with this super hot chick who rocked my world." She grins and leans in to kiss me. It's soft and gentle, but I press my lips against hers firmly, making sure she feels how much I want her. "Best decision I ever made letting you take me home and have your wicked way with me." I laugh. "I don't know about that. The way I remember it you were the one who had her way with me." "Debatable," she laughs, and I'm struck in that moment by how much I love her. The sudden wave of emotion causes a lump to form in my throat and I have to swallow past it. I take her face in my hands and pull her towards me for another kiss. "Thank you for giving me more than that one night," I tell her, and when we break away, she bites down on her bottom lip and I can see her eyes start to mist over with unshed tears. My stomach twists at the thought of seeing her crying, no matter what the reason, so I quickly lighten the mood. "And thank you for helping me give Finnick and Annie a run for their money in the loudest sex department." She laughs joyfully and the sound does something to me. My eyes go past her to where Finnick and Annie are slow dancing. I know in that moment that once again I want what they have. And I want it with the girl standing in front of me. "If you're really lucky, maybe someday we'll show them up with a party like this of our own," Katniss jokes, raising her eyebrows at me playfully. I pull her closer and whisper in her ear, "I'm already planning on it."