to cup her face and trailed the pad of his thumb over her bottom lip. "You're so beautiful, Katniss." He was breathing hard and she felt like she was right there with him, practically panting as everything inside her tightened and throbbed in such a strange new way. "And you have no idea….the effect you can have…" He laughed and shook his head. "You're so pure aren't you…I bet you've never even come before. God, the things I want to do to you…" She was pretty sure she was mewling or whining or making some helpless sound at this point, because she had never felt this way in her entire life. She was burning up. She was dying for him to touch her and show her exactly what things he wanted to do to her. As soon as the thought came she flushed a little with shame, that same innocent reverend's daughter she had been all her life still as much a part of her as ever. He leaned in and kissed her cheek, trailing his lips back to that sensitive spot behind her ear. "Don't feel bad for wanting to be touched, Katniss. It's not a bad thing. It's a very, very good thing," he said, as if he was able to read her mind. She gasped and clutched his shoulders in support when he bit down gently on her ear lobe. "P-Peeta…" she said weakly, some coherent part of her mind reminding herself they shouldn't be doing this because he had a girlfriend. He pulled back and grabbed her hand, pulling it up to his mouth. He placed a kiss on the back of her palm and smiled at her. "Trust me, Katniss." And with that he turned and walked away. "Stop it." She could tell Peeta was trying to hide his smile at her stern tone of voice. "Stop what?" he asked innocently with a smirk. "Stop looking at me like that," she huffed. She refused to let what had happened the other day in the closet happen again. She needed to stop letting him linger once the kids were all gone. She felt sick every time she saw Madge in the church office. "And how am I looking at you?" She opened her mouth to respond and then closed it again. She was about to say that he was looking at her like he wanted to touch her, but if she had, she would have said it all breathlessly and laced with desire because the truth was she wanted him to touch her—even though she shouldn't. He got out of his seat to move closer to her and she tensed up, going completely still as he leaned against the edge of the table right next to where she was sitting. So now she was eye-level with his crotch, which was not helping matters. Not that she would ever know what to do about….that. She mentally cringed. God, she was such a bumbling novice she couldn't imagine why Peeta was interested in her at all. "Katniss, I'm going to tell you something, but it's really important you don't tell anyone, okay?" Her curiosity piqued at that, wondering where this was going, with his sudden change in tone. "Umm…okay," she agreed. "I couldn't tell you this earlier obviously, because it's not my secret to tell," he explained. "But Madge is just my friend. There's nothing romantic going on between us at all." Her face pinched together in confusion, but she looked at him doubtfully. "Really? I don't understand. If that's true, then why…" "Madge is not really into guys," Peeta added, and it took Katniss a moment before it dawned on her. Her eyes went wide and her mouth hung open in shock. She guessed she really was a reverend's daughter because the idea of Madge, the church's director, being gay shocked her more than it probably should. "Wow, I didn't think…that's…but why…" Peeta laughed, sliding into the chair beside her. "Madge is a friend, so I was just helping her out going along with the whole boyfriend thing. I think she was a little nervous about people finding out with her job. She doesn't necessarily think it would get her fired, but she didn't want to risk it." Katniss was basically speechless for a good five minutes as she processed all this, and Peeta took the opportunity to keep talking. "I told her how I feel about you, and she realized that would involve letting you in on her secret, since I didn't want you thinking I was cheating. Luckily she gave me her blessing, with the request that I ask you to be as discreet about this as possible. Especially with your dad…" "Oh god, of course," Katniss assured him hastily. "I would never…I don't…." she trailed off helplessly, still at a loss for words as she tried to absorb everything she had been told. "So now you know," Peeta laughed at her stunned expression, moving closer to her in his seat. "And now you have no excuse," he added, placing a hand on her thigh. "Because I want you and you want me…" he trailed his hand up her leg, letting his fingers trail along her inner thigh until she snapped her legs shut. The place between her legs was so wet, throbbing desperately and it made her feel off-kilter. This was so strangely new and overwhelming that she wasn't sure how to handle it. He smiled at her and removed his hand. "I'm going to kiss you, Katniss. Not now, but eventually, I'm going to kiss you. And I'm going to touch you. I'm going to feel how wet you get, because I'm pretty sure you're soaking right now, aren't you? You've waited your whole life and no one has ever gotten to hear the noises you make when you're about to come. And I fully intend to be the one to find out." With a kiss to her cheek, he stood and left.