on the scheme either. He didn't know a damned thing about District Thirteen and its plot. He was just as important to the plan as I was, but not important enough to be the Mockingjay. Not important enough to be saved. "They have Annie, too. I know they do," Finnick chokes out. I can tell that the levis holding back his tears are bound to break at any second. "Not because she knows anything. But because they know it will hurt me. They have to be hurting all of them, I just know it. They're better off dead at this point." "Odair, control yourself. We talked about this," Haymitch snaps. He turns his attention to me. "Katniss, I'm sorry. We tried—" I send a heated glare in the direction of Haymitch, who had promised, albeit behind each of our backs to keep us under the impression that we were protecting each other, that he would save us both. "Don't even say it. Don't you say you tried everything. Peeta is the one who did everything to try and save me, to try and save you. And you couldn't save him ?" I manage through gritted teeth. Before Haymitch can even consider making a move or saying a word, I spring into action, landing on top of him and tearing his shirt sleeve clean off. I remain straddled over his legs on the floor of the control room, rabid, enraged, clawing at his face and punching him directly in the nose. He is probably so numb due to the alcohol that he cannot feel the pain. He cannot feel my pain. It takes Plutarch, Coin, Finnick, and a guard to pry me from Haymitch's powerless body. Had Peeta not volunteered for him and had there not been a secret rebellion occurring behind the scenes, Haymitch Abernathy would have met his demise in the Quarter Quell. I am shrieking obscenities and still swinging my arms for what feels like hours until exhaustion and my own injuries cause me to give in to my weakness. Slumped against the chair I have been pinned to, I remove my gaze from everyone and instead to focus on the palm of my hand, smoothed over and erased of any bloodshed, the palm that once held Peeta's pearl. When I look up, my stomach churns. Finnick is crying silently, turned away from me in the corner of the room with silent tears rolling down his cheeks. Coin and Plutarch are staring at each other with an indistinguishable emotion betwixt them. I swear I see a hint of something giddy being exchanged in their energies and clench my fists. Haymitch, ice now being held to his swollen eye socket, glares at me. I cannot see it, but I can certainly feel his disdain. "Now that we have that out of our system," he remarks, as if he was expecting to be pounded on, "why don't you have a turn at explaining something to all of us, Sweetheart." "What the hell are you talking about, Haymitch?" I spit out without so much as a glance upward. "Clearly, I wasn't good enough to keep this dirty little secret, so I can't really explain anything to you that you all aren't already aware of. I'm supposed to be the innocent one, remember?" "Dirty little secret! Innocent one!" Haymitch exclaims, mocking me, with a bitter laugh. "Like you don't know!" "Haymitch, please," Coin says. "I think she may legitimately not know." "How could she not have?" Plutarch asks skeptically. "Mellark even admitted it to Flickerman. They had to have known." "Mellark was protecting Katniss and winning over the Capitol's sympathy. If he knew, then she would have had to have told him. And if she knew, then this would be the first thing she would be asking about. Clearly, this is not the case," Coin retorts, her calculative answer not adding up for me. Her cold, bony hand is suddenly under my chin, tilting it upward and forcing me to gaze into her hard gray eyes. The eyes frighten me. They force me to listen, even if I don't want to, because they have bored into my soul and latched on. "Katniss," she says gently, using my first name for only the second time, as if it is the only thing that will get me to take her seriously. "You were unconscious for about four weeks after the games, but do you know why you were considered an extremely critical medical case and you had to be held in special quarters, away from Finnick and Beetee? Do you know your current state?" "Current state? I'm no more messed up than Beetee or Finnick. In fact, I think my 'current state' is the state of being ready to kill all of you for not saving Peeta," I hiss as I jerk my chin from her grasp. "Shit," Haymitch whines as he lowers his ice pack. Behind the large scratch that trails down his face, there is a look of pure stun and guilt dancing across his features that I have only seen once before, when Peeta volunteered for him at the reaping. "She really doesn't know." I am sick of being left out of yet another secret circle, so I stand and shout, "What is it that I don't know Haymitch? What's the big secret this time?" The room is painfully silent for what feels like hours before Finnick clears his throat. "Katniss," he speaks up gently, "you're four months pregnant." Impossible. That's all I can think. The word branded in my starry, dizzy vision. The word bursts into flames as I stare down at my stomach. Since regaining consciousness, I have failed to notice the small curve of something, someone , forming there. My name is Katniss Everdeen. I am seventeen years old. My home is District Twelve. I was in the Hunger Games. I escaped. The Capitol hates me. I was in the Quarter Quell. The arena exploded. I am pregnant.