a comment about my body or lack of clothes. "Yeah, congratulations, you're not total scum. You are, however, still a douchebag." He puts his hand over his heart and feigns being wounded. "Come on darling, you know I didn't two-time your friend now. Can't you ease up on me a little?" "No," I return stubbornly. I like seeing him grovel for my attention and approval, I realize. He should have to work for something for once in his life. "Ah, I see. You like to play hard to get," he grins, his smile revealing a dimple in his cheek, his blue eyes lighting up with amusement. I scoff and shake my head. "Can't you just believe that a woman might not actually want you like that?" "Well it hasn't happened to me so far," he replies with a cheeky grin. I roll my eyes, as two blondes with obnoxiously high voices enter the laundry room. I think they live on the first floor and have ridiculous names like Glitter and Candy or something equally stupid. They both stop when they see Peeta, not even trying to be discreet as they eye him up and down, clearly liking what they see. "Hi, I'm Glimmer and this is my roommate, Cashmere. Did you just move in?" Peeta turns his back to me and then steps forward to shake their hands. I clench my jaw and tell myself my annoyance is because I can't stand those girls, not because they're so obviously hitting on Peeta. They make small talk for a few moments, and I busy myself by looking for something so I don't have to leave just yet even though all my clothes are in the washers. The girls are switching their clothes from the washers to the dryers and so blatantly flirting with Peeta it's obnoxious. Like he really needs another shot to his ego. "You should let us take you out sometime and show you the neighborhood if you just moved here," Glimmer insists. I feel a strong arm wrap around my waist and look up to see Peeta smiling down at me. His thumb strokes the bare skin of my hipbone exposed between my shorts and tank top. "Thanks for the offer girls," he replies, only looking at me, "but Katniss here actually just offered to do that, right?" My mouth parts and I stare back at him, amazed at how one person can be so simultaneously alluring and infuriating. My heart is beating fast at his proximity, at his arm around my body and I realize that yes, I am attracted to him, and yes, I still can't stand him. "Right," I respond back through clenched teeth, offering him a falsely sweet smile. I'd rather play along than give those two skanks the opportunity to get their claws on him and spread whatever venereal diseases they might have. Once the girls are gone I break away from his touch and grab my empty laundry basket. I move to grab my phone, but Peeta is there before me, snatching it right before I can get my hand on it. "What are you doing?" I stomp my foot angrily, realizing I act like a toddler throwing a tantrum around him a lot. He punches in a few things and then there is a buzzing coming from his pocket. He smiles and hands my phone back to me. "There. Now you have my number and I have yours. We'll get working on this 'you not hating my guts' thing, okay?" he says with a smile. I snatch my phone out of his hand and stomp my way out of the laundry room. "Don't count on it," I call over my shoulder. A couple of hours later I'm folding laundry and eating dinner while watching TV. I hear a knock on the door and when I answer it, a shirtless Peeta Mellark is standing there with a brown paper bag in his hands. My eyes are riveted to his chest. Cut and defined and strong, his stomach muscles are hard ridges divided between a dark trail of hair that disappears down below his shorts. Jesus fuck, he is beautiful. I feel the wetness gathering between my legs and I shift uncomfortably, dragging my eyes up to meet his gaze. "What?" I snap at him, irritated that he just shows up at my door like this. My body is a traitor because my brain still knows I don't want anything to do with him. "Thought I'd start giving you reasons to believe that I'm not quite the asshole you think I am," he explains, holding out the paper bag for me. I take it from him reluctantly. "Cheese buns," he says. "I make them and they're delicious. You'll love them, I promise." I set the bag down on the entry table. "Uh, well thanks, I guess," I shrug, not sure what else to say. Seeing this other side of him is throwing me for a bit of a loop again, but I don't want to put my guard down just yet. I don't think a tiger changes its stripes that easily. "Um, one other thing…" he says, and his eyes darken and he takes a step closer to me. I tense up as he places his hands on my waist and pulls me towards him. I'm locked in his gaze, helpless to do or say anything. He dips his head and sucks on the skin at the curve of my neck, flicking his tongue and nibbling with soft bites. I gasp and it takes me a second to realize that I'm clinging to him, not pushing him away. He lifts his mouth to my ear and then whispers, "I can fuck pretty well too." He releases me and turns away, disappearing down the hall before I can even move or speak. In a daze, I shut the door behind him and then move back to my couch and collapse against it. Well, fuck.