mention of 'the first time', hoping that means they're going to be several more times after this. I pull him towards me, sharing a long kiss before moving my lips to his ear. "Fuck me as hard as you need," I whisper before biting down on his ear lobe. I realize the shock and thrill of being with Peeta is bringing out this completely different side of me, this side that has no inhibitions sexually. The thought excites me and makes me look forward to our future escapades. He growls in response to my words and then places his hands on my hips, pulling me towards him. He slides in slowly, just the tip at first. My folds are dripping wet from the anticipation and the buildup and the realization this is finally, actually happening. "Oh my god, Peeta!" I whimper. "Oh fuck," Peeta groans, pulling himself out slowly and slamming back into me. I give up trying to keep myself propped up on my elbows and fall back on the bed, glancing up at the image of my legs wrapped around Peeta's waist as he starts to pound into me at a faster pace. I grip onto the bedsheets, trying to hold on, as I feel my build up already coming on. "Oh yes...yes...fuck yes," I shout, my entire body shaking from the force of Peeta's thrusts, urging him on. "Harder..." I pant. He starts going faster and his grunts are getting louder and more out of control. His breathing is ragged and he is working furiously to get us to that point together. When I come I cry out so loudly and my body shakes so much, I'm sure that Peeta has literally just fucked my brains out. My insides clench around him and not two seconds after I finish he finds his own releases, calling out my name and going still, pleasantly throbbing inside me. He collapses on the bed on top of me and then rolls to his back, bringing me with him. He's still inside me and I rest my head against his chest and try and calm my breathing, coming back down to earth. Finally, I attempt to speak. "That was..." "Amazing, mind blowing, perfect," Peeta finishes my sentence. "I can't believe we waited 4 years to do that." "We only waited because of you," I tell him, trailing my fingers over his chest lazily. He kisses the top of my head. "Yeah...I don't know what the hell I was thinking," Peeta explains. I giggle and lift my head to look up at him. "Yeah so you have 4 years of orgasms to make up to me," I tell him cheekily. "Is that all you want me for?" Peeta protests, pretending to pout. "No, that's just an added bonus. I want all of you Peeta. I always have." "So have I," He responds and my heart contracts from the look in his eyes, the sincerity and passion I see there. He kisses me and then rolls me onto my back. He slides out of me and then sinks to his knees at the edge of the bed, his head finding it's way between my legs. "Guess I'll start on making it up to you right away," he says before his tongue licks my folds. My eyes roll to the back of my head when he starts to suck on my clit and I lose track of how many times he makes me come before I pass out from sheer exhaustion. When I wake up several hours later it takes me a moment to realize I'm asleep in Peeta's bed, cuddled up with him completely naked. The memories of our first time and his talented tongue working it's magic instantly brings a smile to my face. I glance over at his bedside table and see that it's 1 in the morning. My throat is sore and dry from screaming so much and I desperately need a glass of water. I kiss him on the cheek and then quietly slip out of bed, throwing on one of his white button down shirts he wears to work. I tip toe out of his room and across the living room to the kitchen. I quietly grab a glass from the cupboards and pour myself some water from the filter in the fridge. I pace around the kitchen, sipping on the cool drink as I inspect the pictures on the fridge and the food stocked in the cabinets, seeing if there is anything good to eat. I hear footsteps coming into the kitchen, but before I can even turn around I feel two strong arms wrap around my waist. Peeta kisses the curve of my neck and pulls me against him, wearing nothing but his boxers. "I wait 4 years to wake up in bed with you naked in my arms and you can't even give me that," he complains, his lips kissing up my neck, sucking on my skin. "Sorry," I apologize, reaching up behind me to run my hand through his hair. "Someone made me come so hard and so many times my throat was raw from screaming." "Mhmm..." Peeta breaths, his hand slipping down my front as he realizes I'm not wearing any underwear. "I do like hearing you scream my name," he says, his fingers finding their way between my legs, brushing against my clit and running along my folds. "You're already so wet," he pants into my hear. He slips a finger inside me and I push against his hand and moan my satisfaction. We're completely lost in our need for each other. So lost that we never hear the person making their way towards the kitchen. We don't even notice him standing a few feet away, staring at us in shock, until it's too late and it's impossible to pretend we were doing something else. "Catnip?" Gale says incredulously. Before I can think of anything to say he charges at Peeta, fists raised.