as I crushed it under one boot. Now the other romantic fool would die too. Grinning, I raised my head to the sky and yelled "I'm coming for you Thresh. You'd better watch out!". As I spoke, clouds rolled across the horizon and the first few drops of rain fell on my face like tears. If I wasn't in the arena, I could almost believe that the forest was mourning Clove's death as well. If only. I guess she still was here, I thought bitterly. Just a few feet away with a large dent in her head, brown eyes still open and as blank as a doe's. Only a few feet away was where she had taken her last breath. Stretching out a hand, I close her eyes. Even then, she doesn't look like she's asleep. She still doesn't look like she's resting in peace. Well it's not difficult to see why. It's only now that I realise that the arena kills twenty-four, not twenty-three tributes each year, your mind, your body or your soul. If you were really unlucky, you lost all three. Two days and only one cannon later, I found him. Well actually he found me first, if the rather large rock aimed for my head was any indicator. I ducked and it settled a few feet to my left. On closer observation, it looked suspiciously like the same rock that had ended Clove's life. Except he had tried to throw it. Anger boiled in me: the coward didn't even have the guts to face me directly? My head spun around and I glared at the tall imposing shape near a bush in the field of grasses that would mark out one of our demise's. Namely, District Eleven's. He took a few steps forward and took out a admittedly impressive-looking sword which must have come from sponsors. I drew out mine and immediately lunged for his chest, no longer having to glance around to see if the Girl on Fire was ready to shoot with a bow and arrow. Of course he dodged. I guess three easy kills in a row is too much to ask for. Why couldn't he just make it simple for me? Well I already knew the answer, he hadn't lost yet. He's still alive, still sane and still unbroken. He's still fighting for the simplistic ideals, money, fame and your life. I'm just fighting for my life. We circled each other, swords drawn, the world reduced to just him and the arena. I lunged again but slipped slightly on the grass and missed. While I was distracted, he raked his sword down my arm and a thin trickle of blood started pouring out. It stung like hell but didn't stop me from retaliating with a vicious slash on his right leg. He gasped slightly in pain and backed up slightly. Encouraged, I aimed for his legs again, hoping to stop him moving so I could get my final revenge. However he did something unexpected; he lunged forward and before I knew what what happening, his sword pierced though my stomach. Pain surged though me as I fell to my knees in a mockery of subservience. My sword hadn't even scratched him when he had moved forward and it hung like a broken wing in my hand. I looked up at my killer. There was no expression of triumph or joy there. His face was perfectly expressionless as I screamed. Robotic, even. But I didn't scream just because of pain. It was a war cry. As he leaned over to retrieve his sword from my stomach, so similar to how I had speared the Girl on Fire, I lifted my own and with all of my remaining strength, I swung it at his neck. Boom! A cannon fired, but it wasn't my own. Yet. Vaguely, I realised the rain had stopped pouring but it didn't matter anymore. I was dead now. But now I thought about it, I always had been. Always been soulless, heartless and empty of anything that meant anything. No values, no morals and no regrets. Dead inside as well as outside. Boom! Universal "Ladies and Gentlemen, I am pleased to present the victor of the 74th Hunger Games, Felicia Woods. I give you the female tribute of District 5." The look of surprise on Felicia's face was quickly replaced by a knowing smile, as if she knew she would have won all along. A hovercraft materialises and she obediently climbs onto the ladder and is immobilised by the current as it slowly ascends out of the arena. Her red hair glinting in the morning light like a ribbon is the last thing Panem sees before the cameras stop recording. Before everybody put away their banners for Cato and Thresh and hastily change them. By the time Felicia is ready for the Capitol, everybody would be the '#1 Fan of Felicia'. She was currently the fashionable thing to worship, you see. Nobody had expected the seemingly unskilled girl with the red hair to win. Never would have thought that she would have outlived the ruthless killers from 2 or the formidable star-crossed lovers from 12. The fact she did is almost rebellious in itself. But unlike with Katniss Everdeen, Felicia's every move will not set Panem on fire. Nor add fuel to the small pockets of resistance. Not like the Girl on Fire would have done. Just because she wanted to live. Hey there, this is my first fan fiction which is about the Hunger Games. This prologue is just my version of what I think might have happened if Katniss and Peeta hadn't won the Hunger Games and started the rebellion. The next chapter is set just before the Reapings of the 79th Hunger Games and it'll continue from there. Yeah, the POVs will change quite a bit, usually being one POV per chapter. If you like my writing then some reviews would be much appreciated :) ~ ImmyRose