the last five years. I almost miss his unannounced sudden appearances, drunken stumbling and ready-made insults. There's no place for that around his Lily. "I'm in complete Grandpa mode when she's around," he tells me. "Don't worry about a thing." His white liquor rations last much longer than they used to. Lily is partly responsible for this. I know that there's another seldom-discussed reason, though, for his increasing soberness. "Heeeeey, Lily Bug! Whatcha got there?" Lily bounces up and down again, waving a picture in front of him. "It's a flower! An iris, just like Grandma Iris." "And a beautiful flower it is." Haymitch eyes it adoringly. I don't think there's a thing she does that he doesn't find magnificent. Her drawings are much more advanced than the average five-year old. He turns to me. "Well, look at you. What the heck did you swallow? You're twice as fat as you were two weeks ago." I give him my deadliest scowl since he knows I won't use profanity around Lily. "Hey, we're gonna have an awesome time while mommy and daddy are at the hospital." He stoops down and whispers conspiratorially in Lily's ear, still allowing me to hear. "Personally, I can't wait to get rid of those two for a couple of days. I've been trying for years." Lily covers her mouth and giggles silently. "Peeta's on his way with the car. Remember, Haymitch, not too many sweets! I'm serious! You're the adult in this situation. Don't let the child dictate things. " He looks down at Lily with one eyebrow cocked, "See what I mean?" I ignore him, of course. "My mom should be in right around bedtime. We've got a car waiting to bring her here so she doesn't have to walk." This is the second time we're having a baby and Peeta's still nervous. I insisted on giving birth to Lily at home, but he was a wreck the entire time. I let him have his way with this one and opted for the delivery ward of our new hospital. Besides, I thought all the excitement in the house might not be good for Lily. This would be a chance for her to have all three of her Grandparents, Haymitch, Sae and my mom, to herself before her new brother arrives. My mom is coming into town on the evening train and Sae is preparing food to keep everyone fed while we're gone. Peeta and I respectfully asked that everyone just let us bring our baby into the world alone. We attract enough attention as it is, without travelling with an entourage. Besides, he'll have a lifetime of sharing us with others. This moment is all about him. Carrying him was a little easier, but not much . Peeta comes in, his hair tousled, signaling that he'd been nervously raking his hands through it. He's still sexy to me! The only signs of maturity on his face are the laugh lines along his eyes, accounting for a life lived with happiness. "I asked the driver to wait outside. Where's Lily?" he asks me. "She's in the kitchen drawing pictures with Haymitch." "I want to kiss her and tell her she's still my sweet girl." After Peeta says his goodbyes and assures Lily that she's not being replaced by the new baby, we head to the hospital to have our son. Ryen Silver proves to be as much like me as Lily is like her father, and it doesn't just stop with the physical resemblance. He has blonde hair, grey eyes and tan skin, though not quite as tan as mine. His boundless energy, constant movement and inquisitiveness about everything in general make Peeta and me thankful that his sister is content to sit and focus on her latest creative endeavor. While Lily is free, open and friendly with everyone, Ryen is cautious, guarded and protective of those he loves. He loves the outdoors and climbs everything in sight. When Peeta tries to teach him to hold a paint brush, the scowl that takes over his face is almost comical. "He is definitely your son." Today is our annual picnic to the meadow to celebrate the onslaught of spring and to honor those we've lost. Oh, sure, we come here more than once a year. But, this day is always special. We bring along our book and talk about their Grandparents, Auntie Prim, Uncle Bing and Uncle Barley. The meadow has been transformed to a historic park of sorts. Special attention went into building useful structures that naturally blend into the landscape. Thom appointed me head of the task force to get this accomplished, so this has a special place in my heart. My children call it mommy's meadow . My children who take the words of the meadow song for granted . My children, who don't know they play on a graveyard. We make our way down Primrose Lane to arrive at our favorite spot. They play in the meadow. The dancing girl with the dark hair and blue eyes. The boy with the blond curls and gray eyes, struggling to keep up with her on his chubby toddler legs . It took five, ten, fifteen years for me to decide. But, I knew how badly Peeta wanted a family . He never pressured me. His patient love and acceptance of me as I am…as I was…is the reason I stand on this peak today. On some mornings, it feels impossible to take pleasure in anything because I'm afraid it could be taken away. That's when I make a list in my head of every act of goodness I've seen someone do , and every reason why I love their father. He is my parachute. In my version the " five, ten, fifteen years" refers to five years after the reaping, Katniss and Peeta get married. Ten years later, they have a daughter. Fifteen years after that, they have a son. I hope you enjoyed it.