Cato looking at me curiously. "Well," I began nervously, "I really enjoy dance. There was an older woman in the district who taught dance, not as a paying job but just for fun. It used to calm me down when I was worried so I danced a lot particularly when the Reapings were coming up." Glimmer spoke up: "What kind of dance did you do? I used to do ballet but not for long." All eyes were back on me. "I did Jazz and Lyrical mainly, but I started with ballet." "Could you teach me to dance?" Rue asked. She was so bold for a girl of twelve, not to mention cute! "Yeah, me too" asked Jessica. "Same for me!" said Glimmer. Suddenly all the girls except Clove and the girl from seven were asking. "Er, sure," I replied unsteadily. How the hell had this just happened. Thresh laughed at this, probably from the look of shock and surprise creeping in on my face. I had to say it, the meal was delicious and had really eased my stomach. I had spicy fried chicken in a creamy barbecue sauce and fresh green salad with fries coated in mozzarella cheese. The best thing was how much we could eat, and I was starving. I had at least three platefuls, and as usual, Thresh found this funny. "HUngry much?" he laughed. I also found this funny, due to the fact everyone was either laughing or had raised an eyebrow with only one plate of food compared to my total of three. "You know that you can also order food up from your room, so either way you won't go hungry," Clove informed me. After dinner, I was given the official tour by Jess, Rue, Thresh, Glimmer and Marvel. Cato and Clove kept themselves to themselves. They'd been the quietest at dinner. I wasn't sure if it was because of me though. I was shown the common room which had a massive television. But then I was shown the training room. It was similar to the one during the three days before the games. However, there was no weaponry inside. Their were punchbags and a boxing/wrestling ring if you wanted something violent though! There were some agility courses but not as dangerous as in the old centre upstairs. There were also simpler monkey bars and rope climbs and rock climbing activities. There were also basketball courts and hoops, indoor cross country tracks, tennis courts and a fitness suite, filled with treadmills and x bikes. It was a ginormous training centre. I looked into the fitness suite and noticed Cato doing push ups before moving onto weights whilst Clove was going for it on the treadmill. "They're always in there," explained Glimmer, "apart from dinner and things they don't really socialise." I kind of understood why, training was all they knew and was probably they only way they could slowly adjust to this new life. I was surprised that Glimmer and Marvel weren't in the same position but they seemed naturally like social bunnies anyway! I was then led to a room, which was also pretty huge. There were mirrors alongside one side of the wall, barres along the opposite side and a deluxe looking sound system in the corner. It was a dance studio. Thresh once again burst out laughing when he saw the look of surprise from what I'd discovered this room to be. "We thought you might like it!" Jess winked at me. "Like it? I flipping love it!" I exclaimed. This really set everyone off and they immediately bombarded me with a group hug. Then Marius ran in. "I see you found the dance studio then?" he asked. He ran in to join the hug. This was super cute. We did seem like one big family. I knew that I might be ready to forgive, but not forget. Everyone, including Marius left me alone to dance. I turned on the sound system, and began dancing. I chenne turned, performed pirouettes and fouette turns. I then leaped around the room, ascending from jetties to grande jetties. I then did some kicks from the corner into splits before practising my arabesques and outward round fan kicks. I also did a few chasse passe/pas de boures combinations before putting on more lyrical music. I just danced. Luckily there was a huge ceiling fan, but there was no doubt that I enjoyed moving and getting sweaty. But one thing I didn't notice was that an audience had gathered by the door and had snuck in whilst I was dancing. I turned and saw Glimmer, Marvel, Rue, Thresh, Jessica, Marius, even Clove and Cato - who had sweat gleaming over his muscle - were watching intently. I flushed as everyone started applauding me. "I told you so!" exclaimed an excited Marius. "She's amazing!" Everyone nodded in agreement. Damn it, this was so awkward. God damn Marius' good nature, bless him. I know he only meant well though. "Wow, Marina, that was so good," squealed Glimmer. "You have to teach me!" Rue chimed in, "you've actually got no choice!" The sudden authoritative tone in her voice made us all laugh loudly. I quickly turned off the music and politely pushed past everyone saying goodnight and that I was tired. I actually wasn't, I just found the situation too awkward. My dress had little sweat patches so I quickly changed into a red loose blouse and black shorts. It was whilst I was changing that I noticed the long red scars covering most of my tummy. I looked at my scarred body. The doctors could've removed these scars, but I knew why they hadn't/ They were a reminder that we were the losers, the casualties of the games. To show everyone that we were the fallen. It was then that I noticed tears falling down my cheeks, hot and wet. But it was then that I felt a strong hand caress my stomach and stroke my scars…