iced cookie. I have a big sweet tooth." He tweaked her nose with his thumb and forefinger, causing her to giggle. "But, by freshman year, that spandex wrestling uniform had a lot to do with it. And you have quite possibly the softest lips I've ever kissed." She reached her hand up to run her finger over his bottom lip. Much to his surprise, he felt himself twitching below at her slightest touch. "Wait. What do you mean the softest? Who have you kissed besides me?" "Wouldn't you like to know?" "Yes, as a matter of fact, I would." He proceeded to tickle her unmercifully until she screamed with laughter and admitted she'd not kissed anyone else…unless... "…you count that game of spin the bottle in sixth grade when Cato Mitchell's turn landed on me. I had to pry him off me. Or the time that Gale and I were playing house in the second grade…" "Alright, alright. I've had enough." He scowled at her playfully and reminded her that Delly was still single. Peeta could always make her laugh, no matter the situation. Being in his presence just made everything fall into place. Her heart ached when she thought of all they could have shared if his mother had just been different. The horseplay ended with a passionate kiss as she thought, ' Damn you, Peeta! I've been falling head over hills for you since the first grade. ' "But, seriously, I put up with it because...you're worth it. Just being around you is worth it." He gazed into her eyes as if her words were music to his ears. "You make even horrible situations better just by being there. You make me feel safe and like none of the bad stuff really matters." He thought his heart would burst open as he leaned down to kiss her, but she stopped him. She gathered her strength from the semi-darkness and by focusing her gaze on his chest. "Hold on. I'm not finished. You have the purest heart of almost anyone I know. It's so rare, but I see it in you and I see it in Prim. You really do want the best for everyone around you. You put the needs of others before your own. You play to win, but never at the expense of someone else. You're smart, compassionate and you make the world better just by being in it. You make me smile when I don't want to. I can be having the worst day...and when I see you or talk to you, it all disappears." She added with a seductive whisper, "And just recently here, you can add that thing you do with your tongue ." He laughed as his heart soared. She hadn't quite said the words I love you, but he was sure they were lurking around in that passage somewhere. It was good enough for now. He gathered her in his arms and whispered in her ear hoping to give her a little more inspiration to say the words herself. He placed his hand under her chin and lifted her face so that she had no choice but to look directly at him. "Katniss...um... I know you're a private person…and…I've never been good at holding things in. But, I don't want to be with anyone else and I want you to be my girlfriend." When they were younger, he was content to play the role of a treasured friend in exchange for being in her presence. It was becoming more difficult to not want more. He stroked his finger along the side of her face before finishing. "Because I do love you. No matter what Gale says, I don't just want sex. I mean sex is…whoa…awesome…yeah, but I'd do anything for you...to make you happy. We don't have to tell anyone if you don't want to. As long as we know." The idea of being his girlfriend made her heart dance. She could never fathom saying 'no' to Peeta; for anything. She knew she already had all she wanted from him and didn't need a title. But, this was important to him. Everyone assumed they were together anyway, so what would be the harm?...as long as Evelyn Mellark didn't find out. "Peeta... I..." He shushed her with a kiss because he knew the words that she couldn't bring herself to say were just below the surface of her thick armor. He didn't want to hear them out of reciprocation or because he asked. He could wait. Besides, he felt he already knew she did and would say it when she was ready. The three magical words nearly rolled off her lips until her too-rational brain redirected them. "Peeta, I..." His heart was beating nervously. "Yeah?" "I'm fine with it...being your girlfriend." It wasn't all that he was hoping to hear, but he was happy none the less. She thought that saying those three words would only confuse the situation and make it that much harder to let him go when the time came. And she was absolutely certain that time would come. Dread filled her heart to its capacity. She'd spent her childhood practicing how to let go. She never wanted anything to hurt as much as losing her father had. And she was sure that losing Peeta could come pretty damn close. They sealed it with a kiss. "I guess I'd better go on the pill if we plan to keep doing this." He kissed her on the tip of her nose and asked, hopefully, "D-Do we plan to keep doing this?" She tried to stop the smile from consuming her entire face, but replied as soberly as she could, "I'll allow it." He kissed her again before rolling onto his back and pulling her into his side. She placed her hand over his rapidly beating heart, promising that she would memorize its rhythm for when he'd leave at the holiday's end. "Peeta? Merry Christmas." "Yeah," he whispered. "Merry Christmas, Katniss."