your pillows and that pink teddy you loved and insist that we'd camp out there." She still had that teddy; a small, fluffy bear with a goofy smile and bug-wide eyes, "I remember." Gloss looks down, a slight tinge of pink appearing on his cheeks, "We could do that again, if the arena's right for it. Split from Enobaria and Brutus early, go away on our own and pretend we're kids again, just for a little while. Does that sound good?" Cashmere's nodding vigorously now, "Yeah, I'd like that!" She doesn't have to fake the grin crossing her face, "I've missed doing them with you." He gives a noncommittal grunt, his facial expression carefully guarded, "Good to see that you agree. We'd be stronger together." The buoyant feeling coursing through Cashmere suddenly has cold water splashed on it at the bluntness present in his words again, the happiness she had felt at her brother's words soured by a wave of irritation. Why does everything have to revolve around your survival? Don't you live for anything else? Cashmere doubted it; her brother had the Hunger Games forced down his throat ever since he could walk. Taking that away would leave him with nothing - no aspirations, no humanity and - sooner or later - no family. "And just in case it really does happen?" She offers up tentatively, no longer enthused by his company. Now that the barriers were back up again, there was nothing that Cashmere could see him doing to make amends. Gloss shrugs, unwilling to humour his sister as he had inadvertently done just moments ago, "It won't happen. People like them, they're no better than us." He backs away, shielding himself slightly behind the door frame, "You'd do well to remember that tomorrow." Inclining his head in her direction, he disappears. Once the coast was clear, Cashmere lets out a disappointed sigh she hadn't realised she had been holding. For a moment, she had almost believed that her brother had came to wish her luck, or to say that he wished he didn't have to fight against his sister tomorrow, or anything . But that wouldn't happen, not since he had won. All she had gotten was that he'd 'appreciate' her company tomorrow, and that was probably only because he wanted a loyal ally with him. She wanted his adoration, his loyalty, his undying love and compassion. Being 'appreciated' just wouldn't cut it for her. Why were they so easy to attain this among the Capitol, yet impossible to squeeze out of her own brother? And why, whenever he rubbed her up the wrong way, did it feel like he had hit her? Cashmere supposed it was because of the memories she still held towards Gloss as a child, when they had both been fickle and oblique to the world. He would have never been so curt or blunt to her as he had been then. Although she would never admit this, there was still a small part of Cashmere that wanted the old Gloss back, the Gloss who would give her piggybacks and tie her hair to mimic the newest hairstyles on the television. Nowadays, she couldn't even tell if he even considered her as a sister anymore. Would it be too much for him to even pretend that he cared? Just this once? Cashmere thinks despondently, eyes stinging with tears that were yet to be shed. If there were any signs present of Gloss caring for Cashmere, they would never become apparent to her, so caught up she was in her own self-pity. Why does my life have to be so hard? As the axe buries itself in Cashmere's chest, she realises that her brother had been correct. Any rumours of a true rebellion were just that. Rumours. They must be if the supposed rebels had been so quick to turn on her, not even waiting for an explanation before they had attacked. It was exactly what the Capitol would have wanted. Even when there was supposed to be change on the horizon, the divide between districts still governed the rebels' actions. How strange that the ones that were meant to be defying the Capitol were more willing to play by their rules than the siblings from One had been. It made no sense that they were supposedly fighting for a 'noble' cause, yet were just as judgmental and prejudiced against others as the enemy were. Then again, maybe it did. People were always going to judge and belittle others before placing themselves on a pedestal; it seemed to be a delightful human flaw. They were no better than the tributes from One or Two had been. In fact, they were worse. They had never been trained for this their entire lives; the ability to survive at any cost was something that they had managed to attain without the need for indoctrination or training, all within a scant few weeks. And even when they were facing those they had forged tentative friendships with She had never even killed any of the other victors, the people that she had once been so friendly with. That wouldn't matter though; Gloss certainly had and nobody had ever taken a moment to consider what his sister was like. Who cared? She was just Gloss' sister, nothing more and nothing less. And now the victors stood over the dead bodies of the District One siblings with no sympathy for their situation, miming the actions they had learned so long ago in their Games. Their masters would be proud. They didn't even know that they were still jumping through hoops like prized pets for the Capitol, let alone be able to figure out how to break away from the game of charades they played. Just as a side note, I haven't posted anything on this site in a while and this is the first time I've genuinely tried exploring a minor character, so all criticism is welcomed. Thank you for reading.