I shake my head and smile. His lips touch mine briefly. "Stop! Reset!" Peeta yells loudly, obviously a few feet away from us. Gale jumps, as did I and helps me up. "What now?" I ask Peeta in frustration. "That's no way that's plausible Katniss." He says. "In fact, let's all change positions." He instructs our group. We all move except for Peeta and I because that is how it will be in the Games. Gale and I exchange a longing look before the next countdown. He's now the furthest away from me. And everybody was watching what happened. Why did Peeta have to take away the happiness I had inside of me today? I was already against the idea of this mock Cornucopia, and Peeta just diminished my ray of sunshine inside this dark period in my life. Damn him. I sit down on my pedestal while Haymitch's gong rings out. Gale comes beside me and takes my face in his hand. "I'm sorry." He says sweetly. I take this opportunity to jump back into action. I pounce on him and hold him down with all the body weight I can muster. "Yield." I demand. "Of course." He groans. And we waste no time in kissing each other fiercely. He turns us over so he's on top, and I'm completely okay with this until we start up another momentum which has us each switching pretty rapidly. Never once do our mouths break off until we hear multiple gasps. "I thought he was tackling you." Peeta says out of breath like he just ran over when he saw us from across the field at the other end of the circle of pedestals. "I came to help." I guess it could have looked like wrestling. Me and Gale stare at each other and laugh. We untangle ourselves and brush the dirt off our clothes. Close to ten people are staring at us. Some happy and some confused. "No he wasn't." I clarify. "I don't need help." "I wasn't." Gale adds as if it's necessary. "She's got all the help she needs." "I see." Peeta said sadly. "Well I think we practiced enough for one day. Thank you everyone who came over here to help us." He announces to everyone. "We would like to thank you by giving out any of the food that was used here today." This is why I could forgive Peeta so easily when he had upset me. He was selfless and doing things for the greater good. I knew that when he won the Games this time around he would use his heart for the people of Panem. It would be to a greater scale than this, and it would make a huge difference. That made his mistake a lot easier to forgive. When were all walking back towards town, Gale and I split off so I can drop him at his house. "It would be better if he were easier to hate." He admits. "Tell me about it." I say. "If I could've just hated him in the Arena, we all wouldn't be in this mess now. He'd be dead and I'd be a happy, little victor all by myself." He looks at me briefly and lowers his head. ' You wouldn't be happy.' He says wordlessly. ' No, you're right. I'd hate myself forever if I didn't try to bring him home.' I 'say' back. We walk side by side without saying anything for a few minutes. "Where would we be Katniss?" Gale asks me suddenly. I pause, not knowing what to say. Where would I be with my pretend cousin who wouldn't be my cousin if it weren't for Peeta? ' Would you still have kissed me?' My eyes question him. 'Would you have kissed me back, Catnip?' 'Possibly.' He smiles. 'Would I have let myself open up to you?' I ask myself more than him, although he seems to sense my lingering question. 'You were starting to. I saw your eyes dart to the hills after you volunteered. You were thinking about running with me. You wished you had then. You still wish you could.' I look away because I know how right he is. 'Katniss, where would we be if Peeta wasn't a part of your life?' His eyes long for the answer. I break our silent conversation. "Hunting. Like every Sunday." I say to him. This is as much as I can honestly give him right now. 'That's all?' His eyes ask. ' You know I chose you over Peeta. What's the point in discussing this?' ' Because I love you.' His eyes say. He realizes how far in we've gotten ourselves and I can tell he didn't mean for that to come across to me because he turns his face away from mine. I turn my face away from his too because it hurts too much to let him know that I love him when I know that I won't ever be able to return it back to him. And I come back around to that point where I'm mad at Peeta again for his stupid idea of the Cornucopia, which was brilliant, but still lead Gale and I to this destructive conversation. How come every time we share our feelings something Peeta did or said kills the mood and makes Gale hate me even more. Sure I would hate it if I didn't come home with Peeta on my back as co-Victor, but this…. This mess between Gale and I isn't worth it. I hope that by eliminating myself from the Games mid-way will make things easier for everyone. Especially Gale. Because maybe then, he'll know how much I love him. 'I love you Gale.' I turn towards him. But he's already inside his house, door completely shut. Well? What did you think? Meet Shellbell0944's standards? Was it in character? Review, review. Go on, get to it. Thanks Shellbell0944 for letting me do this. I owe you one. :)