mind as the threat of something bad happening to the Great One became apparent. Maybe she wasn't as isolated as she first thought. Who knows; I could have pushed away everyone that could have helped me! Needing some reassurance that there was definitely someone waiting for her back home, Kat reaches into her pocket to take out and stroke the pin. However, as she stroked her thumb over the smooth metal, the metal pin overbalances on one side of her hand. This goes unnoticed by Kat, but her fatal mistake was when she pulled back her hand too fast to shove it in her pocket again. That sudden burst of momentum plus her loose grip on her token meant that the pin slid from the elegant hands of Katherine Everett and straight onto the unassuming patch of grass. The last thing that the eyes of this body ever saw was the world fracturing into a collage of red and orange as a cannon fired. "Hello? Hello, are you okay?" "Huh?" It was the most eloquent sound that this new girl could make right now as she stretched her tanned arms. She noticed that her brown hair - pulled back into a braid - was soft and silky; something that easily entranced the girl. The sensual blue eyes of the boy that was tending to her seemed to stare right down into her soul, and the girl could feel desire course through her, although she immediately tried to suppress this. Girls like her were not supposed to fall in love or feel emotions; that was something that stereotypical prissy girls did, and whoever this girl was happened to not be the stereotypical prissy girl! In reality, she's the stereotypical tough, defiant girl, but that's another matter. "You just kind of fainted when you saw that girl from our district last year drop her token. Did you know her, Kalmia? Is that why you fainted?" As soon as those words had been spoken, Kalmia immediately was overwhelmed with memories of the girl that had once been alive, a girl who also had a sister she was protective other, a girl who had ended up volunteering for that sister and had ended up falling in love with her district part - Kalmia gasped in shock as she realised what had happened. As that other girl - Katherine, her name had been - had been blasted into unrecognisable bits of gore, her soul had been dispersed into her. Katherine had been such an amazing, creative character that she had been given another chance at life! Instinctively, Kalmia knew that she had to make the most of this new opportunity and act in exactly the same way as Katherine had done. She had been tasked with making sure that the Almighty Katherine Everett and her unique, three-dimensional personality went down in history, and what better way was there of doing that than by copying exactly what Katherine had done? Well, minus the dying part, of course. She had to take down the monster that had killed her predecessor, didn't she? It was only fair that she got revenge on the Capitol for orchestrating such an awful event! However, Kalmia knew perfectly well that she couldn't admit this to her district partner, so she shakes her head. Showing weakness was a bad idea in the face of her enemy, although deep down inside, Kalmia doubted wherever she could hurt anyone with such beautiful eyes as this boy. They were the most breath-taking shade of cerulean blue, "Oh no, I barely ever talked to her. I'm fine now though; nothing's wrong with me." Being the gullible soul that he was, he just nods, hypnotized by her every word, "Well Kalmia, if you ever want anything, you can always rely on me. I'm really sorry that your sister got picked; such a pretty thing like you doesn't deserve to be in the Games." Kalmia smiles at her district partner and his smile widens before he disappears, leaving Katherine Incarnate on her own to reflect on her new responsibilities. Surely she hadn't just been given a name to immortalise in history, had she? Kalmia had a sister to get back to at home. She was only twelve and wasn't ready to face the responsibilities of realising that her sister was going to die soon because all twelve year old girls are that stupid and incompetent. Oh yes, now I remember everything about my new life! My name is Kalmia Everley, I am sixteen and I live in District Twelve. I have a sister named Peony who is twelve and I love her very much. Today, I volunteered for Peony when her one slip was inexplicably chosen by Enna Trinket for the Reapings for the Eleventh Annual Hunger Games and - I am Katherine Everett reborn and I will proudly continue her legacy. This time, I will win these Games. For those of you that didn't bother looking at the genre, this is a parody - a fantastical and somewhat bizarre one at that - so don't think I'm being serious here. This is just me mocking the fact that you see so many of the same characters - same personalities, histories, familial relationships, reactions to being in the Games - in OC stories (most of them copying Katniss). I think I started parodying Mary Sues somewhere during that as well. Anyway, since this is my first time writing a parody and I'm not entirely used to third person, you're welcome to offer criticism about my writing, as well as anything else you feel needs improving. By the way, it may say that this fanfiction is completed, but I might write one for a Career tribute if anyone would like me to. I mean, everybody knows that all Careers must either be airheads (if from District One), bloodthirsty maniacs with no lives outside of training for the Games (for Districts One and Two typically) or chilled-out fishermen (for District Four).