her closer into his body and tilting her face up to his. He wanted to make sure she didn't feel ashamed of what just happened. But judging from the mischievous look in her eyes and the way she bit her bottom lip, she felt anything but that. "Peeta?" "Yeah?" He ran his fingers softly down the side of her face before tweaking her nose playfully. "What did we just do?" "I don't know, but it sure was…I don't have a word for what that was." She looked away from him, embarrassed. "Katniss...No, look at me. That. Was. Incredible!" "Peeta Mellark…you make me break the rules." "Hey. There are no rules when you're with me. I want you to feel free to be yourself and express yourself. If you want me, say it. I'll come running. I'm yours all summer." He pressed his lips lightly to hers for reinforcement before pulling away and asking, "Did you like what we just did?" "Yes," she nearly whispered. "I loved when you said, 'Fuck me, Peeta.' That was hot! What do you like for me to do?" "I don't know!" "You can tell me, Katniss. We've known each other since first grade. I've had my face between your legs. We just had sex in a car in your driveway, for heaven's sake. Why be shy about it?" "It's just…I don't know…dirty talk." She shook her head timidly and glanced down at their clasped hands. "Do you like when I say those things? If you don't, I'll stop." He searched her face for signs of embarrassment or misunderstanding. "No!" She answered a little too quickly, she thought. "I do like it. A lot!" He smiled and breathed a sigh of relief and took this as a sign that this meant her trust in him was growing. "Do you like when I taste you?" She sucked in a sharp breath before answering. "You know I do." "Tell me." She leaned up and bit the tip of his earlobe, hoping to distract him by giving him a little bit of what he was seeking. "I like when you put your mouth on me." "Where?" "Peeta, you know what I mean." "And do what with my mouth?" "You know." "Say 'I like it when you eat my pussy, Peeta'". He raised her face to meet his as she tried to stifle a giggle. He loved teasing her and making her blush. He loved her coyness but wanted to open her up a little more. He wanted to see the tightly coiled rosebud blossom fully into a rose. He tried again and again until she said it. "I like it when you eat my pussy, Peeta. Are you satisfied?" "Not yet. When I'm away at school and you want me, what do you do?" "What do you mean?" Her face was flushed with embarrassment of the best kind. She knew that it was silly to be able to do these things with him and be so afraid to talk about them with him. "Um, I mean…well…when I want you…when I think about you…your taste...the way you feel wrapped around me...I touch myself. Just like that night on the phone." "Yeah, that was…nice." "It's okay to like it, Katniss. It's not dirty. I mean unless you're doing it in public or something. You won't go blind, I promise, or I'd be walking with a sight dog by now." This made her laugh. Then she started outright giggling while picturing Peeta getting busted by his roommate while stroking himself. "I know it's not dirty, it's just…saying it…is awkward. I'm much better at doing something than telling about it. I feel like I may sound ridiculous or something." "You could never sound ridiculous to me." She bit her bottom lip tentatively and leaned in so close to his ear she could see the fine hairs along it, "But, I do like it when you taste me. And when I think about your mouth on me, I touch myself." It rolled off her lips so softly he had to struggle to hear it. "Where?" "What do you mean, where? Down there!" "I mean, your bed? The shower? Where?" "Both usually. Those are the only really private places in my house." She turned to him excitedly and said, "Did you know that I was touching myself that night on the phone?" "I had some idea, but I was…a little busy myself. Did you come?" "What?" "Did. You. Come?" He whispered each syllable seductively. "Well, isn't that the object, smart guy?" "Then say it." She took in a sharp breath and looked at him questioningly. His blue eyes were locked on hers. For a sweet, inexperienced guy he sure was comfortable talking about sex and desires. "Please? Just say it. Here, I'll say it first. When I think of you and touch myself, I come all over the place." She giggled and buried her face in his neck. But, she mustered the courage to whisper in his ear. It was easier than looking in his eyes. "Yes, I did come." "You don't know how hot that is, Katniss!" He looked at her in awe. He never thought he'd be sitting in the back seat of a car discussing with Katniss Everdeen how she had touched herself while on the phone with him. "Stop looking at me like that or that's the last time that'll happen." "Come here!" He pulled her close and devoured her lips in a long, smoldering kiss before pulling away. "My car smells like sex. We smell like sex. I have to make sure I keep Deacon out of it until I wash it." They laughed at their predicament, leaned back in the seat and sat in silence with the windows down for a little while longer before he spoke. "So…wanna do this again sometime?" The smile on her face told him everything. For those re-reading, I've updated this chapter to lengthen it and include a little phone sex. Thanks for reading