had passed, I was still utterly in love with Katniss. She would be bittersweet memory that brought me both joy and pain. And even though I could get temporary happiness from any girl I wanted, she was what pulled me back into my unmerciful reality. I would never be truly happy ever again. And lastly, I told him my hatred and envy towards him. I hated him with my entire being. We were once both terrible opponents in the war for her love. And even though I had the advantage of time and intimacy, both of those were robbed off me because of my fear. With no more advantages separating Peeta and I, we were on even ground. And after a long and tedious battle to win her over, Peeta came out as victor. I hated the fact that he cared for her and stayed by her side whereas I had abandoned her as soon as I couldn't stand the guilt of murdering Prim. He had earned his victory. I hated how he was still showing me kindness despite all my unforgivable mistakes and my monstrous flaws. And I envied the life they had together. How they were able to create something beautiful out of the scars and ruins of their pasts. Amongst all the despair and pain, they had found hope and with some nurturing, blossomed into eternal happiness. "If you didn't hate me before, you must hate me now," I muttered hopelessly after my confession. Peeta's expression, once gentle and kind, showed nothing. His face was plain and unexpressive, revealing no emotions. He hated me now. "I don't hate you," he said simply after a while. "You're lying," I grumbled. He sighed. "Look, I'm no therapist. And as much as it makes me feel uncomfortable hearing another guy talk about his love for my wife, I don't want you to be unhappy. I don't want anyone to be unhappy. Not when Snow's gone. You were once someone worthy of Katniss' love. And maybe if you tried harder, you'll get over her and find someone better suited to you." I looked up from my spot on the table and glared at him. "Are you implying that I'm not suited for Katniss?" I growled. "Yes," he stated. Before I threw a drunken blow to his face, I considered this. He was correct. I wasn't suited for Katniss. I never was. I carried too much anger and strength while Peeta bore kindness and gentleness. "You're right," I admitted miserably. While I had spent my entire time here moaning about my pathetic life and my love for Katniss, I never really considered Peeta, the one who had earned her love. How selfish of me. "You love her," I said. "With all my heart," he replied. I sat up straighter and fixed myself up, feeling the effects of alcohol wearing off. "Thank you, Peeta. For everything." "Any time." "Just tell her, okay? Tell her everything," I said, understanding that this was the only way I would be relieved of my pain. "You have my word," he answered sincerely. Jax came back into the room carrying an iced cupcake. "Daddy! Look!" Peeta took the cupcake and examined it carefully. It was very messily iced, with bits of red and yellow in random places. "Its beautiful, Jax." Jax eyed me and after some hesitation, carefully stretched his arm out, holding the cupcake out to me. I smiled at him and gratefully took it. A smile burst on his face and he giggled with joy. I stood up, organising my emotions and thoughts. "Goodbye, Peeta. And Jax," I added. Jax looked up at his name. "Bye bye!" Peeta lifted Jax into his arms. "Bye, Gale. Good luck with everything." "Thank you." I let myself out through the door and made my way through the place that was once my home. Even though it was destroyed, the people had moved back in and repaired it. District 12 was now buzzing with livelihood and busyness. I saw a familiar head of brown hair and grey eyes. She was walking along the shops, holding a little girl's hand. The girl had her dark hair, but her blue eyes demonstrated the same gentleness I saw in her father. I caught Katniss' eye. Her eyes widened with shock and recognition but she quickly recomposed herself and settled for a glare. Her eyes reflected the image of Prim's helpless body, burning in flames and I quickly looked away She carried the girl and walked to her home with a faster stride. Pain shot through my body, but I quickly dismissed it, accepting the fact that she'll never be mine. But if Peeta carries out his word, maybe she won't hate me as much. I continued my journey until I stood on a hill on the edge of District 12. I could see everything from here. Katniss arrived to her home and knocked on the door. Peeta answered the door and the little girl Katniss was carrying leaped into his arms. Peeta smiled at his daughter fondly and kissed her forehead before putting her down. He faced Katniss, his expression much more bright than the one he wore when I was there. They kissed briefly. Katniss told him something that, judging by the look on her face, distressed her. Probably her encounter with me. Then Peeta said something and locked eyes with me. I gave him a slight nod and he pulled Katniss in, closing the door behind her. I turned around and continued my walk back to District 2, smiling in relief. I could feel my burden slowly lifting from me. Although I knew I'd never be truly happy in the way I wanted, maybe I could find the happiness suited to me. I passed my a bush of the same berries Katniss and I used to play with. The same berries she'd throw into the air and I'd catch with my mouth. May the odds be ever in my favour .