and followed her in. Teah had never lost her temper before. This was a new situation. The lesson was, in normal forbidden child speak, boring. She taught us to climb to the top-most branch of several high trees. I excelled at this. She taught us to recognise edible plants in the forest, even though she'd already taught us this a week ago. Peyton and I discussed what could be bothering her. "It's probably personal," I said, giving up, after realising that our theories were ridiculous. "Duh," Peyton whispered, only half-listening to Teah's bland description of blueberries. The two hour lesson was one of the most boring lessons we'd had, seeming that Teah's heart was obviously not in it. I watched Nyal pick off a couple of blueberries from a bush and pass them to Julia. A small pang of longing struck me as I remembered my brother doing the same years ago when I was only ten. We had ventured out into the woods as a desperate attempt for food. Our hunger was almost overwhelming. I had sucked in my breath and pushed aside all memories of stories of mauled people who had gone into the forest beyond the fence. We'd found berries, greens and my brother had managed to catch a squirrel. When we went home, it turned out to be the most fulfilling meal we'd had in weeks. Over the months I had become to trust the woods more than the people in the district. I spent more time there, especially after my father would have a seizure of a sort, I'd use the forests as my escape. Once, while hunting with my brother's bow (I had been getting pretty good with it) I chanced upon Teah and her group of forbidden children. It had only consisted of Peyton, Gill (still huge), and yes- Nyal, back then. It had been while Teah was training them to hunt. I had shot down a deer. I had been surprised when a couple of daggers sprang through the trees at me in response. Only my experience of darting away from people had me running out of there alive. Since then, I had joined the group. Nyal's brown eyes flickered over to meet mine. I turned away. Still feeling his gaze, I struck up a conversation with Gill, which was easy with Zavier around. The conversation was up and running, only needing a couple of nods and one-syllable words to keep it going. Teah told us that we had the Hunter Games next week before dismissing us. The Hunter Games is a kind of parody for the Hunger Games, except we benefit more. We kill animals instead, taking home and eating our shots. Though I wouldn't complain for having a reason to stick a dagger into Tammin. I reminded her that I wouldn't be here for the next two weeks. I would be in the Capitol. The place where I face possible death while in the comfort of my family. Awesome. Peyton and I said goodbye to the others and delved deeper into the woods to hunt. "So…" Peyton began, in a tone of voice that told me that she was about to start a conversation about a topic that I wouldn't like to talk about. I strung my bow, having just shot down two squirrels. I didn't say anything, letting my concentration focus on finding animals for today's meal. It was almost dawn. "…what are you going to do about- you know?" Sometimes it was hard to understand Peyton when she talked this way. Her tone of voice, though, was what alerted me. "No, I don't," I said, playing dumb. "Nyal," she said simply. "What about him?" An arrow whizzed into a nearby tree and another squirrel fell out, an arrow embedded in one of its eyes. I placed it in a burlap sack along with the other potential meals. "What are you going to do?" "About what?" Because Peyton hardly talked in full sentences, I was good at avoiding answers. We could go all day and she'd still have trouble stringing together a full question that I couldn't play dumb to. Peyton sighed. "Don't do that to me, Lanie." "Do what?" Two rabbits are speared through the eye with one arrow. I put them in the sack as well. Satisfied that my father and I would sleep with full stomachs tonight, I decided to make our way down to our favourite spot, where dozens of bushes were always filled with berries, and greens were always fresh. "Don't change the subject," Peyton said, following me. "What subject?" "The subject about Nyal." "What about it?" See what I meant? About being able to take all day just for one topic of conversation? "Wait," Peyton said. The sing-song tone of her voice had stopped. "What?" I turned around. We weren't far from the clearing. "Look," she said, pointing to the ground at her feet. I stepped forward and squinted at the mud. "Careful," Peyton warned. I cleared away the trampled dried leaves with a light brush of my hand. Kneeling, I recognised the shape of the prints in the still wet mud. Deer tracks. And it looked like three of them. "Deer?" "Yeah, it looks like," she agreed. "The mud's still wet," I noted. "Which means-" "-they only passed about a couple of minutes ago," I finished, eyes wide. Deer? It could keep me and my father going for about two weeks with one deer, seeming that the tracks were deep, showing that the treader was heavy. Selling it could get supplies that could last about a month at most. This was a forbidden-child-from-district-twelve style of jackpot. "Let's go," I said, tearing away from the path to the clearing, on the lookout out for more deer tracks. Did you like it? Please, I would love to know what you think, so please review. It would help me to improve the story and see if it's worth finishing. Thanks for reading it. Peace! :)