obedience. I told you could trust me, you know." He says reading my, I guess obvious, expression. I smile sheepishly and don't retreat from his lips when they come in to touch mine. I'm disgusted with myself, but I'm doing it for a reason. And I think it won't be so bad with Dex being my first. He is around my age… maybe Gale's. Maybe the guilt will lessen if I think its Gale whose fingers are clawing at my shirt. Nope. "I know." I surrender to Dex. "But one more thing?" Dex looks up exasperatingly. "Sorry. I'm a little nervous." He laughs. "You have got to stop with the Mythology shit." I suggest pretty passively. I learned a bit about in school. I was never as good as Dex was. Heck he's probably the most knowledgeable at it in the Capitol. It's better than someone whose interest is shopping. Bleh! That's horrendous. "Never." He jokes, feigning shock. Then he goes back to telling me the proper way to seduce. There is no pain coming from this whole experience with Dex. No physical nor emotional. The pain will probably hit once I have to start dealing with 'real' clients. The pain will probably hit once Dex leaves. IN DISTRICT TWELVE I do not want to watch the interview in the square. So I go to the Everdeen's new home and turn the same style television from my home on without havoc. "She won a hard fight, folks. She was determined, she was brave, she was in love. And she's here right now. Ladies and Gentlemen, the Victor of the 75th Annual Hunger Games, Katniss Everdeen." The roar from the screen was deafening. I struggle to turn it down without screaming in pain. My ears are still ringing even after I got it to a considerably lower volume. I sit unceremoniously onto their stiff couch and watch with a scowl as my Katniss took a seat next to Caesar. She hugs him warmly, and I saw red. Caesar was never this close with any other tributes or Victors. What was so special about Katniss? I observe Katniss. I haven't seen her fully clothed or fed for a few days now, and well, she looks different again. She looks made-up again. She's back in her stylist's hands and he makes her look like a woman. Not the sixteen year old girl I know. There's something off putting about her appearance that I can't locate. Yes she's wearing a tight black top fitting dress that pans out innocently in a fiery flame. Wait. That's not innocent. Caesar notices this as well… unfortunately. "Katniss, I love your dress." He smiles endearingly and it makes me sick. "I do too. Want to hear the story behind it? I designed it myself." She asks politely. She sounds like she hasn't just experienced the love of her life dying. "Sure." Caesar replies unsurely. Everyone just wants to know how she's feeling about Peeta's death; why is she procrastinating? "Black is for mourning. Not just for Peeta but for all the tributes. And the flames at my feet well, the Gamemakers can explain that one for you." She winks in the general direction of the head Gamemaker. "You can try to make the flames ruin my image, but look at this beautiful face." She calls out to then in the most patronizing voice I've ever heard. I'm proud of her; but this over confident Katniss is going to get her in huge trouble. "That's very symbolic dear. How has the mourning been going for you? Are you alright?" Caesar, she looks more than alright. I still can't decipher what's so different about her. She has this new glow about her that just makes her seem so new. Did the Capitol do that to her? "Caesar, in all honesty, I am fine." The crowd lets out a gasp. I find solace in that answer, Catnip. This means she can move on from Peeta's death. She can love me. I'm willing to pick up the broken pieces. I'm willing. While I do still care about Katniss' feelings for Peeta, I am angered by his actions that have unfortunately been placed in my mind. Katniss was innocent when it came to things such as boys. Her feelings that were caring had been dormant up until she kissed Peeta in the cave I'm guessing. But it wasn't really that, that bothered me. It was that she had her first kiss with Peeta in the cave. I had always thought I was the most important man in her life. I guess I can't really take hold over her like that, but still. It was comforting to know that she only saw me… it gave me more of a fighting chance. If she wouldn't end up with me, her best friend. She would never end up with anybody else. Where did I go wrong? I guess she was desperate to have a boyfriend before she died. But she's alive now. That's the reason. The alternative is- I refuse to believe the alternative. That she had something with him before, that she did have feelings for him. I shuddered. "I knew Peeta from one incident when we were children and he was so kind to me. When we were both in the Arena, I couldn't help but repay his kindness. He died happily, and that puts my heart at peace." "Katniss." Caesar leans over and pats her hand. "How about we talk about you're new hobby?" he suggests. Katniss looks grateful for the change in topic. "Yes." She says rubbing her hands together. "Mythology. Greek Mythology. Roman gods and all of that." I was drawn to her new hobby… Until her face turned red. "That's excellent Katniss. Now onto the recap." And the three hour showing off the past few weeks commenced. And I could only wonder why she had blushed like that. Yay or nay? Tell me if it's good so far. Review... PM...