was looking all sad. I'm confident not heartless. So I guess that's why I'm up here at the front of the room shaking the youngest Fortran sibling awake. "Jay, it's time to get up…" Tobias POV She doesn't deserve to touch him, she shouldn't be touching him. I got the weirdest Feels ever in my perspective. It's to tell how much someone cares for another and Kia… Kia doesn't care shit for Jay. That's why I decide to lunge at her. "GET YOUR FLITHY HANDS OFF OF HIM YOU SHEDEVIL!" I tackle her to the ground so that she can't touch Jay anymore. Next thing I know the wind is knocked out of me and I'm being pinned to the ground. "WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU KIA IS ONLY TRYING TO HELP!" Issac, the boy who was chasing me and Jay in the arena for days because of that bitch, yells in my face. "SAYS YOU! I'M NOT GOING TO LET YOU ALL HURT JAY!" I kick Issac off of me, hearing him land on the ground with a satisfying thud. I pounce on the younger boy swinging my fists to hit him rapidly in the face. It feels slightly odd not having Night here to fight with me, but it still comes easily, naturally. "BOYS STOP IT STOP IT! LOOK!" a female voice shrieks at us just as Issac digs his nails into one of my arms. I punch him on more time in the face, successfully detaching his hand from my bicep before looking over to see what the girl was talking about. I jump up, discarding my opponent when I see a movement on Jay's couch. I rush over to his side, just as his eyes are fluttering open. "Vincent… Tobias… Where are we?" He asks groggily, his voice no longer hoarse and his body no longer ill. Jay was back. "Home!" I cry engulfing him in a hug. "We're home." Vincent POV I look around the room at all the different faces, all the different bonds. My Feels are to identify bonds and how strong they are. This room is chock full of them whether they know it or not. Large bonds, and small bonds some stronger than others, but there's one that binds them all together. The fact that they all were Tributes in the Hunger Games. I smile at how they are all huddled together around Jay, taking turns to see if he is alright and to congratulate him personally on winning- no matter how stupid I think it is. Kenna Sebastien, The Girl Genius of District 5. Norra Eris and Jarrod Hayes, The Love Birds of District 9. Cly Bove, The Killer of District 1. Kia Leoni, The Bewitching Mermaid of District 4. Issac Blackfin, The King of District 4. December Halley, The Rebel of District 2. Katherine A. McKinnon, The Damsel of District 1. Nate Brenner, The Child Lover of District 2. Jinx Ramirez, The Hell Angel of District 8. Aster Marino, The Outlandish Career of District 11. Brooklynn Crystals, The 'Young Lady' Joker of District 10. Alice di Angelo, The Angel of District 11. Kaiden Sooner, The Snake of District 7. Slate Arthur, The Misunderstood Knight of District 8. Angel Semifer, The Princess of District 6. Jerry Sawyer, The Watcher of District 6. Kalina Ashdon, The Lady Lumberjack of District 7. Percella and Scorpii Aquarius, The Star Siblings of District 12. Jay Fortran, The Supposed Victor of District 3. Tobias Milit, The Uncapped Darkness of District 11. Sharon Fortran, The Big Sister of District 3. And Indigo Flux, The Scientist of District 5. These are the TRUE Victors of The 18th Annual Hunger Games. END of The Hereafter… and Forever More Translation (Spanish - English): Vamos Aster, usted puede hacerlo – Come on Aster, You can do it te amo, idiota – I love you, idiot Bésame idiota – Kiss me you idiot PENDEJO – Bastard Voy a echar de menos perra ... te amo hermanita - I'm going to miss you bitch... love you little sister Voy a extrañar demasiado cabrón ... te amo hermano más grande - I'm going to miss you too bastard... love you more big brother And I am finally done… Three nights with no sleep can really mess up your brain you know? I hope you enjoyed, I know I loved writing it. Jerry's part was the hardest to do because I wasn't sure if I capturing him correctly…. But I feel satisfied with that. Percella's part was more or less a filler and a break… I ended up crying several times while writing and so I needed something funny to go in there. The misquoted song is "Hollaback Girl" by Gwen Stefani. It's misquoted from what I could remember of it and that's because it was supposed to seem like Alice didn't remember it all… Lastly that quote at the top is from "Oath" by Cher Lyod. The song reminded me of this story SOOO much that it took everything in me not but loads of little quotes throughout the story… but I managed (If you found some it was not on purpose!... I think O.o… I wrote almost all of this when I was tired AF (so apologies for any mistakes cause im also editing this right now half sleep…) lolz :3). Shout out to RanLei for creating such an amazing book for me to base this story on! *Invisible crowd goes wild* Oh so you all cheer for her but not me?! O.o alright... I got you... But don't forget im the one who created you :3 I know the suicide attempt by Jay was a little AU bbuuuttt I got an idea and I had to go with it! And it's a fanfiction of a fanfiction… Things are bound to get strange! So I hope you enjoyed!... Now I'm off to die in my bed… until my mother wakes me up in about three hours . Kisses from Angelz