since he was 13. His favorite author is John Steinbeck. He's never ridden a bicycle. Knowing these things about him makes me feel closer to him, the way you feel about an old stuffed animal you still sleep with. You know the exact angle your teddy is going to bounce off the bed when you toss him there after straightening the blankets in the morning. You know every stitch your mother sewed in your ba-ba when you were little, because every time he ripped it was a crisis in your world. You'd recognize the scent of Cuddles anywhere, you could describe the texture of Mr. Fluffy's fur in detail, and you remember every night Lammy guarded you from the monsters as you cowered under the blanket. Peeta is… real. I tell him horror stories about other clients – the men who hit me and pull my hair and bite me hard, the men who want to hear me scream out, whether in pleasure or pain. I even tell him about Foot-Licker guy, how he made me call him Master. For some reason, it's easy to tell Peeta about this, but it strikes a nerve in him. My dark grey eyes follow his blue ones as he comes closer. He sits in front of me on the ottoman, and takes my hands. It's 10:30 at night and he still hasn't told me when to switch back to prostitute mode. "You deserve so much more than how all those men treat you," he murmurs. "I'm the whore," I whisper, averting my gaze to the floor. "They have every right to treat me like that." "No," he says, his voice louder. "Katniss, you're not a whore," he declares, reaching over to tuck a rogue strand of hair behind my ear. The soft touch feels safe and sensitive. "Don't make yourself out to be anything less than what you are." My eyes are blearing, and it's difficult to see him clearly when I look up at him again. "What am I?" I ask in a small voice. His eyes dart back and forth across my face. "You are," he starts, "the most beautiful, independent woman I have ever met. You're smart, and funny, and incredibly strong." He places both hands on the sides of my face and pulls me in to plant a small kiss on my forehead. I've never been kissed there. When he shifts back, his hands are still on me, and his thumbs graze over my cheeks to wipe the tears. "Can I please lay down?" I ask, my voice weak. In response, he carries my body to the couch and sits down, placing my head on a pillow in his lap. I curl up tight to his body, my face buried in his stomach, and cry. His warm hands, although at what I would assume is an awkward angle, rub the tense muscles in my back, deeply pressing into my muscles in firm circles. My eyes drift closed, accepting the massage with soft moans that I don't even need to fake; they're completely real. XXXXXXXXXX I wake up alone on his bed at what I can guess is about 7:30 am. The sheets and blankets are messed up, and it feels like there's something I'm forgetting about last night, because I don't recall any sex or touching or even kissing. Then I realize that that's because none of it happened. I smile widely. But where's Peeta? "Pancakes?" his familiar voice asks. Startled, I whip my head around to him and fall off the bed. He chuckles softly. "Sorry," he mumbles, down on a knee in front of me with a plate of steaming hot pancakes and syrup. "Pancakes?" he repeats. I eat ravenously until the plate is bare. "Those were the best pancakes I've ever had," I breathe, walking into the kitchen. He turns his head away from the soapy sink and smiles. "Baker," is his terse response. "Peeta." "Mhhm." "You're an amazing man." "This sounds like a cliché breakup line." "No, of course not. I really mean it. You paid for my… services… for an entire night, and we didn't do a single thing." All he does is smile, and I advance towards him, turning off the water faucet he's focused his attention on while scrubbing syrupy plates. "I need to make this up to you." He turns and wipes his hands on his shirt. "Okay," he agrees, sliding his hands low around my hips. "How about you let me drive you back home and open up your car door for you and walk you up to your doorstep?" he asks. "How is that paying you back? It's not exactly equivalent to…" "But it is. To me at least." I pause before whispering, "It's a deal." XXXXXXXX He does exactly what he told me he would – he drives me home, and opens up the car door for me, and walks me to the doorstep. He doesn't make any advances towards me or curse at me or try to hurt me. Instead, he tells me what a great time he had last night, and that waking up next to me was the best thing that ever happened to him. He calls me beautiful, and for the first time, I believe it. He kisses me sweetly, and his mouth tastes like cinnamon and sugar. His lips are soft and tender, moving slowly with mine. His right hand rubs the exposed skin on my left hip, and he pulls me close to him. My hands roam to his chest, and we remain exactly like this for several moments. When he breaks away, he does it the way you would coax a child into being away from his mother for the first time. Gently, slowly, tenderly, firmly. He smiles down at me, and says goodbye in a whisper. I linger at the doorstep for a moment, taking this all in, remembering the day I became a person instead of a cheap whore.