mind and in his prayers for days, had collapsed before his own eyes and yet his hands couldn't reach him to catch him before touching the ground. The Gamemakers and doctors had desperately tried their best to save their reputation because no one enjoyed to see their Victor laying in hospital bed like a corpse. However, no matter how advance the technologies they had, or how extensive the medical research they had probed, they barely scratched the brain complications. No one could wake Cato up from his coma. Not even the mighty President Snow. Peeta shoved the memories into the corner of his mind where he layered them with less important priorities, so he wouldn't think about them then suffer alone. It worked while he was awake, having a complete control over the imaginary walls so they wouldn't escape. But the nightmares often betrayed him. The black creeping veins would tear the walls apart, and he'd find himself gasping in horror with the thought of Cato dying on him torturing his mind. Cato's blue eyes would flash over, pain in those orbs, a whisper of his name, and Peeta would jackknife upright on his bed, sweating profusely. Just like what he'd had in this morning. Peeta curved over Cato, his hand on Cato's shoulder, chewing on his bottom lip before hovering his lips above Cato's forehead. "Hey, there," he whispered, feeling his lips grazing Cato's skin. He could choose to sit in the chair and hold Cato's hand while talking to him, but he liked this better. It was more intimate, and this way, he could feel Cato's warmth enveloping him. The warmth he'd missed so much. "Clove came dropping by just now." No response. "I think you've figured that out from her loud footsteps and scream, but I guess, I wanna tell you that." Still no response. Peeta held back the sigh that was worming its way out. No, he wouldn't let that happen. Sigh means give up, and he would never give up on Cato. "I bought you flowers today. Lydia recommended them for me. She said they could pray for your health, for us." Peeta could imagine Cato's frown and scorn. Cato never liked flowers. Too girly to his liking, he'd once commented. But Cato remained stilled. No frown, nor creases marring his forehead to show that he was frowning. Cato was still asleep. "It sounds stupid and too girly, I know. You can get up now and throw them into the bin, I wouldn't care or get mad." No reaction from Cato. "So more flowers for you, then." No retort or protest. Peeta bit down on his lip to hold back the tears, hoping the pain soothed the throb in his chest. No, he must stay strong for Cato. But the silence was killing him. "Please say something." Silent. "Say something, Cato. A snark, or a stupid comment, I don't care. Just say something," he pleaded. "I won't get mad, I promise." Silent. "Please?" he begged, his hand on Cato's shoulder holding tighter. No answer. Peeta felt desperation and anger flared up in him. He pulled away and glared at the sleeping man. Cato remained quiet. "I've endured your silence for months. I've spent many nights without you. I've had nightmares about you dying on me and jerked into awake alone without you by my side to comfort me. I've gone through horrible interviews, answering stupid questionsn about you. I've had a serious wrangle with the Capitol so they can keep you here. I've cried myself to sleep. I've confronted Snow and I stood up to Clove for you," he paused, blinking to clear his blurry vision. Peeta took his time to take in the face of his loved one. "All I ask is... say something, please," he begged, his voice strangled in his throat. Still no reaction from Cato. He seemed beyond Peeta's sense of urgency, beyond such a selfish request and didn't move. There was only stillness in the cold air and sounds of rain pelting against the window outside. Peeta fell on top of Cato, no longer caring if he had hurt him. It'd have been better to have Cato screaming out in pain and smacking his head for the rude awakening. But, no. Cato was still sleeping, still quiet. And it was hurting him. ...-...-... Peeta jolted into awake, not to the nightmare, but to a familiar tingling sensation on his back. As he was disoriented and alarmed that sleep had taken him away, he gazed around in his drowsiness, recounting everything. Right... he was in the hospital, in Cato's room, and on top of Cato, too. He squinted at the window. Outside, it was bright. Dawn was gathering lights for this part of waiting world, and the sky was endless and clear from the hovering clouds. The rain had finished. The sun was rising, and its lights bathed over the flowers on the bedside table. Peeta attempted to rise from the bed but something that had looped around his waist prevented him. He looked nose down at his waist, only to see a strong, muscular arm wrap around him firmly, and it had him felt familiar, like home. Which had promptly brought his head up. And stilled. A pair of familiar blue eyes stared into his, so beautiful so clear he could see his dumbstruck reflection in them. The eyes he'd been longing to see, now were looking down at him, lit up with wonder and affection. Peeta's heart skipped a beat. "My silly Loverboy." It came out raspy; a suggestion of scratchy throat after not being used for so long, and yet Peeta could hear the familiar arrogance in them. It sounded so familiar to his ears, and sounded just right. He could feel his heart flutter and warmness glow in his chest. And for the first time... in far too long, Peeta pulled a tiny, but genuine smile. On the table, the flowers witnessed their reunion in silence. ~Fin~