making him feel instantly jealous. " Honestly? I think it's the lamb stew," Katniss said, looking at Caesar. " Oh? The one with the plums?" Caesar clarified. " Yes! That one! I eat them by the bucketfuls!" Katniss then grimaced in worry, "Oh but it's not noticeable, is it?" Caesar laughed and promised her she was perfectly fine. " Now I have got to say, I am disappointed that you're not blazing with flames," Caesar said. " Oh I'm wearing them. Would you like to see?" Katniss asked. " Would you all like to see?" Caesar asked the crowd, and it went wild, screaming consent. " Very well," Katniss smiled and stood up. She twirled and the dress was ablaze with the same fire she wore at the parade. Suddenly she got dizzy and Caesar had to steady her. He cheered, "Encore! Encore" " Oh no, I can't, I'm too dizzy!" Katniss exclaimed. " Oh that's such a shame. But I have one important question. That was your sister, was it not?" Caesar said and behind them was a picture of Katniss and Prim hugging just moments before Gale ripped her away from her. Katniss swallowed thickly, "Yes." " And what did she ask you?" Caesar asked. " She told me to win," Katniss breathed deeply, in and out, "For her." " And what did you say?" Caesar encouraged her gently. " I said I would try," Katniss said. " And try you will," Caesar patted her hand and held it as he rose their hands up and bellowed, "Katniss Everdeen, the GIRL ON FIRE!" Oh she was most definitely the girl on fire, Finnick thought, as she watched her get off the stage and melt into the surroundings. Next up was Peeta Mellark. He started off the interview of talking about the weird gadgets Capitol had and how interesting the showers were. He talked about how one time he fumbled with them and got shot with rose shampoos, and asked Caesar if he smelt like roses. They each took turn sniffing each other and Johanna gagged. "He's so fucking weird," Johanna snapped. " Tell me, is there that one special girl who is waiting for you back at home?" Caesar asked. " Well I do have my eyes on this one girl, but I don't think it will do me any good winning the Games," Peeta said dismissively. " And why is that? Here's what you do, you win the games, go home and confess to her! No girl can reject a love confession from a Victor!" Caesar exclaimed. "This guy is so crappy, I think it would take a sane girl to reject him," Johanna said in disgust. " I don't think it will help me…because the girl I'm in love with came with me here to the Capitol," Peeta declared softly. The crowd went wild; Finnick's hands clenched and a low, feral growl escaped his lips as he marched away from the rest of the Victors, ignoring Johanna's yells for his attention. -o- He watched as she escaped the Cornucopia Bloodbath. He watched as she escaped a forest fire. He nearly lost his mind when she got burnt. He watched as she dropped a tracker jacker nest on the group of Careers and Peeta. He watched as she formed an alliance with Rue. He watched as she blew up the Career's supplies. He watched as Rue died and Katniss avenged her death, spearing Marvel. He watched Katniss sing Rue a lullaby from her district and decorate the little girl with flowers, making her seem like she was asleep, not dead. Like, she was waiting for a true love's kiss. He watched as Katniss found her district partner and nursed him back to health and watched with rage as they played this sappy 'star-crossed lovers' act for all of Panem to see just because of Peeta's stupid love declaration. He watched as Katniss went for the Cornucopia and got pinned by Clove and saved by Thresh who killed Clove and told her to run. He watched as Katniss killed Cato. He watched Katniss pull out nightlock and told Peeta they would both eat it on the count of three. The moment the berries passed their lips, Claudius Templesmith's frantic voice called them to stop. He watched the two of them be crowned as Victors. He watched Katniss Everdeen, the girl on fire, spark a revolution he was sure he would put an end to the Hunger Games and Snow's tyranny. He watched Katniss steal his heart with every near death experience she faced in the arena. And he knew he fell in love with her in a few short weeks when she was branded the 'star-crossed lovers' and watched their sappy interview with Caesar Flickerman after the Games. He knew he loved her when seeing her hold hands and kiss Peeta tore his heart apart and he felt like kicking around furniture and break them until he became numb. Katniss Everdeen, the girl from District 12, the Girl on Fire, the Mockingjay, and the girl who's a star-crossed lover to Peeta, stole his heart. And he doesn't want it back. But in return, he wants hers. And he won't let a stupid engagement stop him from getting what he wants. She crept up on him. Just like Annie. And he won't let her slip away like she did. This time he will fight for her to be his. This time he knew he learned his lesson. He's holding on and never letting go, not anymore. He will go get her and won't let anyone get in his way. TBC… A/N: This fanfiction is slightly inspired by "Change of Perspective" by Slytherin-Princess210. It was only 4 chapters long and I don't think he/she will continue it so I decided to draw the some ideas from it and twist them into a plot of my own. I hope you like my new fanfiction and please check out their fanfiction too!