home alive fairly after his first year. Truly winning the Games as a mentor is almost as taxing as winning the Games as a tribute. It's all about sponsors and politics, and screwups can be deadly. He hates the reminder of how, given just a few more sponsors, maybe she would be here with him now. Ever since his Games, there's been a bitter relationship between his District and Twelve and Eleven, and the latter two tend to band together now. It doesn't really matter, since they still don't ever win, but it prickles his conscience anyway. From time to time, he runs into Haymitch or Seeder or Chaff, and he tries not to think about how he played a role in their tributes' deaths. They never talk, but he can see the accusation in Haymitch's alcohol-ridden glare and Seeder's casual avoidance of speaking to him, and Chaff's leaving the room whenever he's around unless he's required to stay. Not that he blames them. Sometimes, he hates himself, too, for the same reasons—and one more. He knows what Snow makes most of the mentors do in the space between. For whatever reason, it doesn't apply to him. It's not like he isn't attractive enough, or charming enough, or whatever other criteria applies—he most certainly is. Once, Cato runs into Finnick Odair, and even the sea-eyed victor is confused, until he gets a look in his eyes that makes Cato realize what Finnick has just realized. It seems as though even ruthless President Snow takes pity on him. He wishes he didn't. Maybe it would be easier if he could lose track of himself. Secretly, he hates mentoring. But without death to distract him, what else is there? He sees Adrianna at one point—he can't remember which year it is, exactly—and dimly, in the back of his mind, acknowledges the fact that she hasn't been executed. He's behind her, at first, though, so he can see scars from the whip extending past the neckline of her shirt. He walks a little faster to catch up to her, and it begins to drizzle. If it were anyone else, he'd feel sympathy. But all he can see when he sees Adrianna, alive and well, is an angry, angry red. He's angry for a lot of reasons: for being her partner instead of Clove's, for her being alive while Clove isn't, for not being reaped. But mostly, he's angry because she let Clove go in instead of her, and now Clove is dead. "Adrianna," he says coldly. She turns. "Cato! I haven't seen you in person since..." Since the reaping . Since you chickened out. Since you ruined my happiness. His jaw clenches. "Yes," he hisses. "So they let you go with just a few scars and your life." She stiffens. "And the scorn of the District." "And in return," he says, "I lost everything to your cowardice." Her eyes flash. "My cowardice? I was not a coward !" she spits. "Not volunteering when you were supposed to, even after training all your life for it? Letting a fifteen-year-old go in instead? How is that not cowardice?" he roars. She sniffs. "Clove was perfectly capable." "She's not here now, is she? You threw her to the wolves." He's about to say something else about her cowardice, but then he glimpses a glint in her eye. Something isn't right here. His mind flashes back to all those years ago, and the change in her eyes when she looked at him, the way she was just a bit too blank. "You didn't chicken out," he says slowly. "You let her go on purpose. For whatever reason, you decided that you'd rather get the whip than take her place." "No, I—" "You said it yourself: you're not a coward. So how could you do it?" "I—" she stops. "I—" He sees it then, in the reddening of her cheeks, the tears in her eyes at his anger, her initial overtly happy greeting. "I can't believe you," he says, and begins to walk away. "Wait! Cato!" she calls out, but he doesn't turn. He can hear footsteps behind him, and soon enough, she's walking next to him. "You've already done enough damage," he says. She grabs his shoulder, forcing him to stop, and says, "I'm sorry, Cato, but I loved you and I just couldn't go in there with you—" He laughs bitterly. "That's a load of shit. You didn't go in with me because you were jealous of Clove." "I—" "You sent an innocent girl to her death," he continues, "because you were jealous. And you still are, because I still love her despite the fact that she's gone. You're pathetic." He walks away from her, and this time, she doesn't follow. The drizzle eventually washes his unshed tears away. Eventually, he retires. In District Two, where there are more victors than needed, it's actually an option. He's still young enough, he supposes, to keep going, but he can't go in anymore and watch his tributes come out alive when the only tribute that ever really mattered to him didn't. He never really remembers any of the years anymore; the arenas and tributes blur together: mountains and deserts and rainforests, Antony and Gaius and Crassus. The only things that really stand out in the haze of his mind are two numbers: 74 and 75. VIII. Sunlight And there's no remedy for memory; your face is like a melody: it won't leave my head . ~Lana Del Rey, Dark Paradise When it rains, he lets go . He dies from pneumonia after he stands outside for four hours in a storm. He's out there because, for a moment, in between the raindrops, he could see dark eyes and a knife and red, red lips, and the truth is, he's much better with her than without. Fin. There is a companion piece to this titled "started out as a feeling", and it follows the same story from Clove's POV.