here just told everyone in this jungle where we are, so we need to get moving." She said taking off, not caring if they followed. "Johanna is right. It's not safe to stay here." Blight said. "Let's get back to the water so we can wash this off." Johanna turned around in circles, the darkness and chaos ruined her sense of direction. "I believe we want to go this way." He said pointing in the opposite direction Johanna was thinking. He seemed more confident that her, and she honestly didn't care either way so she said. "Lead the way." They walked, stumbled really, through the darkness for what felt like forever until she heard a sickening crack stopping Johanna and her companions dead in their tracks. Blight bounced off the force field in front of him and bounced backwards like a ragdoll. A cannon blast went off a moment later. Wiress let out another scream "Will you shut her up?" Johanna said while she bent down to check Blight's pulse. She knew it was no use, he was already dead. She got up and guided her group in the opposite direction of where they were headed. She heard the hovercraft coming for his body and allowed herself a moment of grief. The sky had lightened and the rain had long gone by the time they finally made it out to the beach. Between her exhaustion and Wiress's mantra of "Tick-tock" she was ready to let the water take her when she heard her name. Johanna whipped her head around at the sound. "Finnick" she called hoping his voice wasn't a manifestation of the fact she was really losing it. There he was Finnick Odair, looking like Johanna felt running towards her on the sand. She met him half way pulling him into a tight hug. "I was worried about you." He whispered into her ear. "I'm ok." She said back. He let her go nodding to let he know he was ok too. As the six of them settled into the fish Finnick caught she thought she might make it out of here with her sanity intact. She was wrong. Johanna was woken up by a hand over her mouth. Her eyes opened wide and she tried to scream when she saw the man in a peacekeeper uniform standing over her. She quickly calmed down and realized this wasn't one of her normal wake-up calls because usually they didn't care if she screamed. She also knew this wasn't a dream because the man picking her up and carrying her out of the room wasn't Finnick. Normally she would protest anyone carrying her anywhere but in her current condition she didn't trust her legs. "We're bringing you back to 13." He whispered. Johanna would have laughed if she wasn't so relieved, she guessed Heavensbee wasn't lying, she really was making it out of this alive. Everything was a blur of movement as she was carried from hallway to hallway and onto a truck and placed in a gurney. Someone put a mask over her face and all she saw was darkness. District 13 was monotony. She did the same thing every day, at the same food, wandered the same corridors and went to sleep in the same room at the same time. Johanna didn't expect Finnick to come to her, he had Annie, and she always knew that despite everything when it came down to it she was her replacement. Yet when rumors trickled down that Finnick had proposed to Annie she couldn't help but feel hurt. A few days after hearing the news, Johanna ran into Finnick in the hallway. Literally ran into him. She looked up at him waiting to say all the things she had wanted to say since she had been captured who knows how long ago. Yet all she could say were three little words "How could you?" Tears threatened to form in her eyes, Johanna was never one to cry but being tortured and then having your heart broken can change that. He sighed, one of those sighs he seemed to save only for her and dragged her into an empty room. "Johanna." He started. "No, don't Johanna me. How could you Finnick, how could you abandon me like this?" "Abandon you!? Johanna, how have I abandoned you?" "I was left in the damn Capitol for who knows how long." "I didn't have any control over that." She put a hand up to stop him. "I know that. You haven't talked to me once since I got out." "Well I was busy." "Yes, busy with Annie I know. Annie comes first." "Yeah she does." "Why?" Johanna knew she was being ridiculous but didn't care enough to stop. She needed this fight. She needed to fight with someone. "Because she's my fiancée." She didn't expect the words to sting so much. "Why are you marrying her?" He ran his fingers through his hair in frustration. "Because I love her, that's why." He say the defeat in Johanna's eyes. "Johanna…" "I know, I know you love me. I know you love me different." "That's not true." "You love her better." He shook his head. "Then why." "Because she needs me." He said as if he was getting something off his chest. "I need you too." He shook his head. "You don't need me you only thing you do." "You're wrong." "Johanna, you are smart, you're strong, you're beautiful. You're-" She cut him off with a kiss. This wasn't like the last one, which was tentative, testing the waters. This one was meant to show him what he'd be missing. He kissed her back matching her energy but when he pulled away he looked defeated. "I can't, it's too late." "I know." She said, he couldn't call of any engagement now. "I'm sorry." He said. "I am too." He left the room first, Johanna watched him go. It didn't matter, He was never going to love her anyway.