I come face to face with Finn. He gives me a wiry smile. "Hey." "Hey," I say suspiciously. "You're staying, right?" He asks in desperation as if he needed me to stay, as if I said no it would be the end of the world. I raise my eyebrow. "That's why you invited me over right, to come and stay for dinner." He nods as if he had forgotten. "Well, yeah, let's go." And so then turning and pushing me forward we continue the way I had intended for my body to go. So further around to the back of the house, we popped out on the deck where two other people I hadn't expected sat. The first person that came in view was Peeta. I wasn't surprised to see him, but I just didn't know that he would be here. When Finn texted me to come over for Chinese it was always just the two of us, there had never been anyone else; it didn't bother me though that Peeta was there. He was Peeta, I just couldn't explain it. He sat on the steps of the deck that either led you into the house or out to the pool. He was a strange doctor in my mind, always dressing so causally. Today it was a pair of swim trunks and a simple gray v-neck that he looked at peace in, more than Finn was, with a beer in his hand and his sunglasses resting on the brim of his nose. I couldn't understand why Finn was so distressed, but… Ten feet behind Peeta on the deck sat in one of the metal chairs around the matching table sat the problem, what was causing all the commotion. Effie Trinket, Finn's publicist. Effie was a great women, strange, but a great women. Under the pink high heels stood a mastermind. She did her job well and she never once maybe anyone, even myself doubt her. But, it was Finn who made her job difficult. As we walked onto the deck, past Peeta I leaned into Finn. "What did you do?" But it isn't Finn who answers, but Effie who looks up at me with a small smile. "Katniss," she says, "It's good to see you." "You too, Effie." "Did you know Finn has a girlfriend?" I look to Finn beside me surprised. "Really?" He nods and I nod. "Well," I say to Effie. "I'm going to get a drink. You fix whatever damage he caused and please try not to make him cry, he's an ugly crier." Effie nods in approval and Finn lets out a sigh. And from behind us I hear Peeta let out a soft laugh. Then, in my turn, I excuse myself and escape into the house. Through the house I find myself in the kitchen. Over to the frig I scavenge for a beer when I hear a pair of footsteps behind me. "Can you grab me one, too," I hear Peeta ask. Without a response, I grab two bottles and close the door. "Have you met Finn's girlfriend," I ask, handing him a bottle. He nods. "She's a friend of mine. They met the day I came back to the States," he tells me. "I just found out last week that they started dating." I nod surprised. Peeta had only been back near three weeks now and in the year I have known Finn and heard of him, not once had I ever figured him in a relationship. "How long do you think they will be," I ask. "A while." He says. "She has been here since I got here an hour ago and from what Finn has told me about her, how she makes sure every aspect of every situation is considered; I think she'll be here a few more hours." I nod, taking a drink of my beer. "I was really hoping for some Chinese food, too." Peeta smiles. "You want to go get some." And I smile too, I wasn't staying. … "You have a tumor." I look at the man in front of me, dressed in a white lab coat and with a stethoscope around his neck as if he is an alien speaking gibberish. "Excuse me?" "You have a tumor in your lower back." Still shocked and kind of astonished I ask, "How?" "Well-" He begins, but I don't let him finish. "I don't smoke or work around radiation or drink Kool Aid. I run every day, I take a multi-vitamin, and I recycle. How is that possible?" The doctor's face falls, turning sympathy. "It just happens, even to the healthiest of people." "This tumor is-" But I don't catch what the doctor says after that. This voice seems to fade out and a silence takes over. It was a numbing, buzzing silence that you hear in your ears after going to a concert or a club. If this was a movie, if it was all one big figment of my imagination it would be like the Peanut Gallery and the doctor's voice would take the role of the parents making that "wamp ap wamp" noise and I would stand there nodding my head like I knew exactly what he was saying. Instead I just sit there; I sit there in the more than uncomfortable leather chair in the doctor's two degrees too cold office letting the information just provided sink in. I have a tumor. I have a tumor and it is- The doctor's name whom I had already forgotten breaks through the silence saying, "You'll have to start chemo therapy," before once again fading out. I have a tumor and it is active. … Note: I am going to try to update this every week or two, estimating at least five thousand words long each time. I don't know how many chapter this will be, but I'm thinking of only having maybe around five, it's still not clear though. Thanks for reading, I hope you like it.