notice how striking and handsome was the driver. Rye and I were best friends so your story makes perfect sense to me," She stares at me when I say this and I'm lost in her eyes a few seconds until she blushes and looks away. "Anyway, I' been having a hard time, my sister went to college and money is tighter than usual. I miss her so much it hurts. When I crashed your car I had some kind of crisis. I had to take it out on someone. I'm so sorry it was you" "It's okay now, Katniss, really." She nods but I can tell she still feels bad about it. "Katniss?" "Yes?" "You don't have to answer if you don't want to but how did you know where to find me?" She blushes, she looks lovely like that. The atmosphere between us has changed "Um, I came here a while ago and saw you playing. I remembered who you were today after the crash." "I remember you too" I tell her boldly "I saw you from the stage and I try to reach you and introduce myself that night but you were already gone. I'm surprised you remember me." "Oh I remember everything about you," she says this with some feeling. "What does that mean?" "Well, I remember you had an accident that afternoon. I was waiting for my bus on the corner when you crash. You shouldn't be driving. It's like you have a grey cloud over you." She is mocking me now. But as long as she is smiling I don't care. "Well, it's not like the last time was my fault" She laughs softly "I also saw you broke your strings that night" She is full laughing at me now and her laughter is a sound to behold. I'm such a goner. She looks straight into my eyes "Maybe you can walk me home instead of driving." I found myself fixated on the way she wets her bottom lip with her tongue, so fixated I almost miss what she said. Almost. In a second I'm paying the bill, I'm standing from my chair and nodding like a crazy person. It's a short way to her apartment and I feel more anxious with every step I take. I don't want this day to end. "Thanks for walking with me Peeta" What is it with this girl that I find so difficult to ask her out. This has never happened to me before. I start babbling stupidly when I feel her hands pulling down my head. "Just stop talking, Peeta," she whispers. I'm raising my eyebrows in complete shock when I feel soft, warm lips pressing into mine. It takes seconds to reciprocate but afterwards, I'm in heaven. She explore my mouth with abandon and I'm to happy to let her. I can't get over the feeling of her mouth over mine. It's perfection. Her lips are delicious and I'm soon too dizzy to think. There is only sensation, only her. I put my hands on her waist and press her hard against my body, making sure she can feel the effect she is having on me. She moans and rubs her belly against my hardness. I growl between her lips and her tongue explores every inch of my mouth. When we finally stop for air, she is breathing hard, her hands still holding my face. "Can I come in?" I ask stupidly, begging. She takes a deep breath and says "I thought you'd never ask." As she struggles with her keys to open the door I decided to get myself together and ask for her help in the difficult decision I been trying to make on my mind since I first saw her. "I have another question though" She turns to me with doubt in her eyes. "What?" She turns to me with doubt in her eyes. "You see, I've been driving myself crazy attempting to decide how I will remove this skirt from your body if I ever had the chance. I constantly have two different scenarios in my mind. In one of them I will taste your mouth slowly as my hands roam your soft curves, getting to know you, to feel you. Eventually I will kiss behind your ears, moving down to your jaw, licking your cleavage until I get to kiss your perfect breasts. My hands will find the back of your skirt while I keep sucking and kissing at your nipples. My fingers will struggle to pull down the zipper and pull that damn skirt down your body, so slowly until it falls to the floor along with your panties. I'll take a moment to admire your body before I take you in my arms and carry you to your bed and make you mine, slowly feeling every inch of you. The second scenery is as tempting as the first one. In it I will savagely kiss you until neither of us can breathe anymore, I'll push you against this same door as soon as you figure it out how to open it and I'll press your gorgeous body fully with mine, feeling it with my hands. Then I'll get on my knees and caress your toned legs upside down repeatedly until I get to the slit of your skirt, I'll push the hem of your skirt up around your waist, lowering your panties with my teeth, leaving them at your feet and then I'll finally taste you. I bet you taste amazing. I will tease you relentlessly until the only relief you will find is in screaming my name in desperation pulling hard at my hair as I make you come. Twice. Only then I will have my way with you. What do you say Katniss?" Who's the dizzy one now? She is opening and closing her mouth like a fish out of water and hurrying to open the door to her apartment as if she is on a mission.