"Why not tell him?" "I can't do that to him. He'll find some way to get himself killed so that I'll win then, because that's how he is. But he needs to win. He's a better person than I am, and anyway, I have no one if I go back home. He could start over." Thresh sighs and rubs his neck. She gives him a moment to process this before saying, "I just need to kill Fire Girl, and then I'm done." "Why?" he asks once more. He's smarter than he looks, she thinks. He's scoping out the inside of her brain, analyzing weak spots, so that just in case something is up, he won't be completely disadvantaged. "Because she's a threat." "And I'm not?" asks Thresh archly. "You are, after all, gunning for Cato to go home and in the process, I have to die, don't I?" Clove pauses. She hasn't thought of that. "You are," she concedes, scanning his face, and her heart has begun to sink. His eyes flash up to hers, gold meeting brown, and something in them makes hope stir a little inside of her again. He opens his mouth to say something, closes it, and then opens it again, trying to find the words, and then he says. "I shouldn't say yes." Disappointment begins to bloom in her chest, bitter-tasting and foul, and she's not sure what to do anymore when he continues, "But..." She waits for him to keep going, and he obliges. "I think that maybe you deserve to have something go the way you want it to, for once." "I love him," she bursts out then, and Thresh looks at her with a sort of sadness, clouded with an unexplainable guilt in his eyes, and just says, "I know." "When you do it, " she says thickly, "Make sure I'll have time to talk to Cato one last time." He nods. "And he'll come after me?" "Yes." He pauses then with an unreadable expression in his eyes, and quietly says, "I can't promise I won't try my hardest to win." She nods, because something is always better than nothing and she knows, deep down, that if Thresh kills her, Cato will have the willpower to beat this brute of a boy from District Eleven. "The Feast is tomorrow night." "Yes. I know." "Are you sure you want this?" She nods again. "I'm sure." He runs a hand through his hair. "All right. I'll do it," he says. For the first time in her life, she says with complete honesty, "Thank you." This is why Thresh deviates from the plan: there are 24 Tributes in one arena, clock winding down for 23 of them. And it's never so hard to figure out anything, really, in retrospect; hindsight is 20/20, after all. Clove Fuhrman, she thinks to herself in the way they'll whisper about her, maybe, back in District Two a few years from now. S uch a clever girl, but love clouded her judgment just as it does to everyone . She'd forgotten some things, after all: that Fire Girl and Rue were allies. That Fire Girl would have qualms about killing Thresh because of the first bit of lost information, but Thresh would pay his debt to Fire Girl and move on. That Fire Girl would be able to kill Cato more easily than Thresh, because Cato wouldn't be able to rely on brute force against her but that's all he'll have without Clove. And that Thresh is smarter than anyone has been giving him credit for: that he surely knows these things, too; that he knows what it would take to have a shot at that crown, and what it would take for him was for Fire Girl to kill Cato, then for him to kill Fire Girl, and even Five would not be able to hide from him forever. "I can't promise I won't try my hardest to win." He really did try, didn't he? It hurts like nothing she's ever felt before, and all she can really think of is this pain . It consumes everything, defines everything, and it's hard to imagine anything outside of this, and for a brief second, she wonders if everything is truly worth this feeling of agony. Her vision, she notes, is off; lights are hazy and white and everything has a rainbow tinge to it. She moans a little, and her hearing is not what it should be, either; everything sounds far-off and distant. The sound makes her head pound even more. There's a hollow sound of footsteps, and then he's there, floating over her, those bright blue eyes lighting up her world like the sun, piercing through her soul. "No," he begs, "Stay with me, stay with me, Clove, please." Cato . The word won't come out, sounds are too hard to make. "You can't go, we have to go home together, we're almost finished here, just stay with me ." Cato , she tries again, but to no avail. "We haven't had enough time," he says desperately. "I need you." Cato . And then he kisses her, lips sliding over hers, and she can taste the saltiness of one solitary teardrop on her tongue. "Cato," she gasps out, finally. "Stay with me," he pleads. "Cato." And then his palm is cupping her cheek, and that warmth is the strength she draws from. Her vision is going; hazy white spots are appearing everywhere, rainbows edging everything, and she memorizes his face one last time. "Win for me." And then she's gone. When Cato places his Victor's crown at her grave after he wins, perhaps in some other dimension, she's watching and laughing at the irony that she did get the object that so haunted her dreams, somehow, after the finale. Perhaps this is her encore. (And maybe the crown wasn't really what she wanted most in the end, after all, but it's all she has, now that she's gone.) Fin.