for the tree's support. He watched, dew eyed, as Cato laid down on a blanket of fallen leaves, looking like a statue sculpted out of marble with his chiselled muscles and thin shin of sweat making his skin glisten in the soft sunlight...Positively mouth-watering, like a forbidden fruit which promised dire consequences but too enticing to refuse. Peeta was too far gone the path of corruption to give heed to his pride and consider the humiliation Cato was inflicting upon him. He left the tree, wincing when he moved his injured back and abused lower body, but managing to keep upright and reach the waiting Tribute. He knew what Cato wanted and he didn't hesitate to give it. Peeta straddled Cato's waist, supporting his weight on his knees and slowly lowered himself down, his muscles happily re-accommodating Cato's member. 'Too slow.' Suddenly Cato gripped Peeta's hips in a vice like hold and pushed him all the way down, filling the clearing with a satisfying mixture of skin slapping against skin and the younger boy's sharp yell. He didn't give Peeta any time to adjust before he thrust his hips upwards, driving into the other's tunnel with tyrannical force, impaling the young tribute on his hard length. He threw his head back and immersed himself in the pleasure waves drowning him, groaning softly each time he buried himself to the hilt inside the magmatic heat. Peeta's hips were bucking before he realized it, doing Cato's job for him, and his larynx lost all manner of control. He vaguely wondered if they were being watched and what the watchers must be thinking of their frenzied behaviour. Well, clearly they liked it or they would have triggered some sort of natural disaster to set them on the run...Then his thoughts drifted to the watchers back home... The Game Keepers could do one of two things. One, air it and destroy the lie of his alleged feelings for Katniss or convince the gullible inhabitants of the Capitol that he was so madly in love with her he was willing to go this far to keep her safe from the Careers. Two, keep the supposed romance alive and keep the secret of their fornication behind sealed doors. Only time would tell what they chose to do...Peeta didn't really worry if anybody saw him since he wasn't going to see anyone on the outside ever again anyway so it wasn't like he'd have any explaining to do. Cato's movements became even wilder, if that was possible, and he dug his fingers into the pale skin as if ready to crush the bones beneath. He watched as Peeta's head moved from side to side with the motions of his thrusts and was enthralled by the intense pleasure on the other's face, the tightly shut eyes, the gaping mouth, the thin trail of saliva running down his chin, the deep red blush spreading all the way to the heaving chest, the palms pressed flatly against his abdomen. It was all hypnotic and Cato lost himself in their spell, roaring his release. Peeta widened his eyes and gasped when he felt the other's seed shooting through him, some sliding down the member still lodged firmly inside him. It seemed to burn, the substance igniting a river of fire in their wake. Cato had a lazy smile on his lips as he watched Peeta's reaction, fully aware that he hadn't reached the proverbial cliff's edge just yet. 'Touch yourself until you come. I wanna see your face twisted in pleasure at the hands of your future killer.' The thought should have scared him but instead it thrilled Peeta. Having someone as powerful and dangerous touch him so intimately and watching him...making such lowed requests of him. It was exciting. Under Cato's sharp surveillance, Peeta enclosed one hand around his stiff member and began to jerk off, having done this numerous times but never while being watched. He was surprised to find he liked the idea and he seriously questioned his alleged 'innocence'. Up until that point he'd always thought of himself as a relatively naive and simple guy but now...Yep, some serious questions had to be asked. His movements became quicker as the need to release became stronger and he panted, his lungs never quite filling with enough oxygen. He felt Cato's fingers tracing playful shapes against his skin and marvelled at the new discovery...Apparently he wasn't the only one who had another side to the one seen by all. Maybe Cato wasn't just a simple, blood thirsty, cruel brute...Maybe he was human after all. Peeta locked eyes with Cato's lustful ones and the ground crumbled below his feet, sending him head first into an ocean of explosive pleasure. His body convulsed, the electric orgasm running through him like wild fire, realizing that Cato's member was still inside him. The older boy hissed when he felt the muscles constrict around him and his fingers became aggressive once more, though the hiss was one of sudden delight. Peeta fell limply over Cato's chest, his body aching and exhausted after that 'scouting mission'. He fought desperately with the urge to sleep, knowing it would be for a short time anyway, but he lost. He expected for Cato to shove him off and leave him there since he got everything he wanted from Peeta, and was surprised to feel a toned arm wrap around his shoulders, the fingers stroking the scrapes across his upper back gently. He heard only three words before the darkness claimed him... 'Congratulations, you passed.' Well I hope it was a present read. I decided to make Cato just a little bit human in this since he did show some level of emotion both when Clove died and at the end when he died...Oh god it still hurts to say that...XD Thank You for the read and if u can, please leave a review. It only takes a second and I will appreciate it greatly! HAVE A LOVELY DAY!