Katniss is looking at me sadly. I twiddle with the strings of the pouch, which has found it's way into my hands while Mother was fixing my hair. "Tuck in your tail, little duck." I do as she says. Katniss is the one to lead me back to the district square for the Reaping, not Mother, who says that she will meet us afterward, and we can have dinner with Katniss and Gale and his family. There are two Capitol officials who sit at a table, pricking our fingers. Just like my nightmare. We have to stand in line for a bit, and Katniss rubs soothing circles on my hand as we wait together. When it's my turn to get my finger pricked, I panic. It's too much like the nightmare! "It's okay, Prim' Katniss says softly. She's always been there to protect me, so I trust her when she says this. I let the man prick my finger and press it onto an identification sheet. As in my nightmare, I stick the bleeding finger into my mouth, sucking until the blood stops. Katniss tries to show me where to go, but the Capitol official stops her. She must go stand with the other citizens. And I am alone. Not for long though, because soon I spot my friends Violet and Anna in the crowd of twelve year olds up front. They wave me over with twin dark eyes and skin. Well, they are twins, so that makes sense, at least. They are both as nervous as I am, so we hold each other's hands in a show of support. We all have tesserae taken out, which increases our chances of being picked, but most of the Seam have signed up for tesserae, so the odds are actually almost the same as if we hadn't. A comforting thought. I hold onto it dearly. My heartbeat thunders in my chest and bones as the Capitol escort, who introduces herself as Effie Trinket, steps up to the stage. She stands next to the now-full glass Reaping bowls. As she adjusts her spring- green suit, which has no place in this drab gray square full of worried faces and not a single drop of cheerful color otherwise, I notice that she has pink hair that the sun gleams off of. I'd bet tesserae rations that it's a wig. That thought almost makes me smile. Almost. The screen above her plays the same message from our president, President Snow, that it plays every year. The video about the rebels and the Dark Days and how the districts revolted. How the Hunger Games are a reminder to the districts on why the Capitol is no match for them. When it stops, the Capitol emblem appears, and then the screen grows dark. My palms grow slick with sweat between Anna and Violet's hands. They keep me steady, I suspect that I steady them, as well. "And now it's time to choose our tributes for the seventy-fourth annual Hunger Games. Ladies first" Effie's words make the crowd tense in fear and in sick anticipation. The two children about to be chosen for the Games are among us. They are someone's brother, sister, son, daughter or cousin. I won't be picked, I won't be picked, I won't be picked. I repeat this mantra in my head, over and over and over again. My name is only in there three times. The odds are in my favor. She shuffles her manicured hands around that daunting glass bowl, as if trying to find the right one, before finally making her selection. My heart is going to burst. It won't be me, it won't be me, it won't be me . Effie makes a show of opening the folded piece of paper, playing it up for the bloodthirsty Capitol citizens watching this live from the safety and comfort of their own homes right now. She finally gets the paper open. "Primrose Everdeen." It takes me a moment to register everything. She said my name. Just like my nightmare. Violet and Anna look at me. Instead of pushing me up to the stage in relief, Anna and Violet grip my hands tighter and pull me closer. I'm numb from head to toe right now. Blood pulses through my body in a rush. My brain needs to remind me to breathe. I take slow breaths. Katniss is yelling. Gale tries to calm her. Hot tears rack my body. No no no. I don't want to die. Because I'm going to die. I'm useless. Effie looks around, trying to find me. Slowly I unwrap myself from my friends, and take shaky steps forward. My nightmare plays on repeat in my head except this isn't my nightmare. This is real and I am going to die. Effie notices me after a few steps, "Well, there. Don't be shy." Shy? Shy? Really, I'm not shy. I'm in shock. There's a difference, but it's a good thing that I can recognize it. I climb the steps of the stage. I feel tears make their way underneath my beautiful blouse, bringing goosebumps on the flesh they come in contact with. I numb myself to Effie's next words. I completely miss it when she announces the boy tribute, and only vaguely acknowledge that he's older than me, and that he too has blonde hair. I don't struggle when Peace Keepers, surprisingly gentle, lead the boy and I to the Justice Building to say our goodbyes to our families and friends. I don't notice because I'm too busy trying to hold myself together, to keep from screaming. I am living my nightmare. I am going to die. A/N: First fanfic on this account. Currently I have up until around Catching Fire planned, but only this is written. I'll try to update about once a week. Also, before the title/chapter added to the top and this A/N, there were exactly 3,000 words and just about 6 pages. Review, please! XOXO, Infiniginity