his name. I look at her a bit furiously and curiously - did she like him? Sure, he has a nice body. Nice eyes too. And his smile during the entrance was cute. "Shut up." I say, to her and myself. She raises her hands in surrender. "Whatever you say, oh mighty one. Just don't come running to me when Peeta ruins your reputation here." "He can't." "Think about it, Cato. He barely flinched when you tried to stare him down. The boy needs some proper scaring from you and you're doing a poor job." Clove contemplated on this. "He may look weak and too kind, but maybe you can bring out the bad boy in him." She grins mischievously and I roll my eyes again. "What's that supposed to mean?" "You may think you were shooting daggers at him, but I've known you since you were 12. That's the look you got when you wanted to sleep with Georgina Leover and you were trying to seduce her." "You must get the looks mixed up." I reply calmly. "In both cases, I'm the predator." "So basically, you looked at Peeta the same way you looked at Georgina? Please." "I'm not gay." "You told me that twice last year, but I caught you eyeballing half of the instructors that had balls." Clove smirked at me and crossed her arms, looking at me defiantly. "Anyways, you would have gotten with Glimmer just for the sex by now." She said this with a point - and I knew that much. Whenever girls threw themselves at me and my friends back home, they immediately took advantage of them, no matter how obnoxious. I just found many things that put me off, and pushed the girls away. If they decided to be annoying little fucks, they found a nice little surprise that resulted in a little coma. Clove knew this all too well. But she had to be wrong. Just because I may have slept with a few guys at home - when I was drunk and tired, so it didn't count - didn't mean I was gay. It meant that people fell at my feet for the chance to satisfy me. What power. "Whatever, Clove." I grimace as she laughs again. "This is too much. I'm going for a walk. Insolent child." "Like you know what insolent means." "You're obnoxious." I storm out of the room, running my hand through my hair in a frustrated gesture, as her laughs grew in volume. I consider going back and threatening her again, bit I knew it would be a futile attempt. I couldn't yell at her without looking like a fool as she brought out my weak points. Smashing my fist into the elevator button, I decided to go look for someone to victimize with my anger. Wrong place, wrong time - their fault. The Games needed to start already. The Capitol was lazy this year, and decided on giving us more time to train. But we hadn't even gotten to see the training center - they just rushed us to our stylists and locked us in our rooms. I was in the right mind to stab someone with a fork beforehand. Maybe that Peeta kid. The doors slid open, and I stepped inside, suddenly unsure of where to go. Roaming around wasn't exactly encouraged, and it's not like there were many places to go anyways. Barely anyone knew other tributes well enought to visit their floor. Against my better instinct, my hand shot forward to 12. "Well." A low voice murmured. I gaped, but composed myself as the doors opened on Peeta, looking just as frustrated as I felt. "Wrong floor, Cato. It's 2 ." He stepped inside, ruffling his hair a bit. I glance at him, now free of his costume and hints of makeup. He looks sweet. Polite. Not one to harm anyone at all. I felt jealous - this was the kid that everyone liked just by looking at him. I hated him. "I didn't want to stay on my floor." I finally say, trying to maintain a steely edge. But Peeta looks surprised - I guess I sounded too polite. Trying to remain calm as emotions surged around me, I turn towards him and lean against the cool wall of the elevator. "What's your name again? I didn't catch it before." Lies . It's been whispered in my head for the past half an hour. Peeta looks offended, but he clenches his jaw and offers a hand towards me. "Peeta." He sighs, relaxing before me. "Peeta Mellark." "Hm." I don't comment any further, now staring at his hand. Against my better judgement, I grasp it and stare at him, as if I've never shaken a hand before. Peeta slackens his grip on my hand, and his face pales. I'm not going to kill you. I shake it firmly, the warmth from his hand making me tingle. All over. When I release, I'm disappointed. But he looks relieved. I feel a mixture of anger, satisfaction, and sadness wash over me. "Where are you going?" He motions towards the buttons with a slight smile. I blush with the realization that I didn't know, and the immobile elevator just made the situation more awkward. "I don't know." I mumble, my eyes cast downward. Peeta laughs quietly, which earns him a piercing look. "I was going to head to the roof to clear my head." He hesitates in his next words, but we both know it's an invitation. I consider shaking my head and going back down to my room. Maybe laugh in his face. A poor boy from 12 isn't worth my time. What does he think he can do? Charm me into protecting him? Befriend him? I'm left wondering why he isn't running now, after what happened just a few minutes ago. I should say no. I'm still in my ridiculous armor, and I'm definitely not the social type. "I'd like to come."