Captiol and Hunger Games supporters. His Dad and Mom are both victors, and this is his last year. We finally quit talking, unwilling to face the wrath of the Peacekeepers, when Asterisk gets back to the microphone. "First off, there has been a change of plans. Instead of Brawn Noners mentoring this year, due to unforeseeable health issues, Sage Hazelwell will be taking his place. Margery Gold will still be mentoring, however. And now, on to the reapings! Let's get boys first, shall we?" Asterisk reaches into the boy's bowl, but I am lost in memoryland. "Hey! I hadn't seen you at the meetings before!" I turn around to see the most beautiful fourteen year old boys ever. His chocolate hair curled temptingly and all I wanted was to wrap one around my fingers. As he approached me, I saw that his eyes were a lovely almost olive green. He was beautiful- I think my heart was melting. Bloom said this was how she felt whenever she was with Chime's father. When he got close enough, I reached out my hand, desperate to know his touch. "Hi. I'm Belle Dicen, Breeze's daughter." He smiled a pearly smile and shook my hand. "Sage Hazelwell, Thyme's son, fourteen today, fifteen tomorrow." I giggled, and internally berated myself, saying that if I ever wanted a chance with this older boy than I needed to act the older girl. "So what brings you to these meetings?" He asked, stepping closer as though he was afraid I might whisper the answer. I spoke out in what I hoped was a confident tone, "It's the first one I've been able to make. The meetings since we've become… active… have all conveniently been scheduled when I'm in school, or during my shift at the makeup factory." He grinned again and my heart flopped. "I understand completely," and then someone, presumably his Mom, called his name, "hey, I gotta go, but I hope to see you around again." He gave me one last smile, this one with dimples, and walked out the front door of the house we were using to meet in. Oh, I can't wait to go tell Bea! I thought to myself… "And our male tribute is Lexon Calhoon!" Asterisk roared out. I felt my breath catch and my hand grasped Bea's, squeezing for what comes next. A thirteen year old boy made his way to the stage and shook Asterisk's hand. I'll say this for the kid, his face was blank, almost bored, and the only thing that could give away how nervous he is the way he's tapping his fingers against the side of his khaki pants. I think I recognize him as a kid that's lived in the Brooks his whole life. Asterisk walks over to the bowl that contains my name, and Bea's, twenty-six times each. If we had started taking tesserae any earlier than we did at 14, we would be entered 36 times. Asterik reaches in and pulls out a name. And even though I thought had prepared myself, and hoped against hope that the Capitol would decide we had been punished enough, he still calls out the name, "Bea Dicen!" I fall to my knees, unable to breathe, and unable to let go of Bea's hand as she tugs to get to the isle, which will lead her to the stage, which will lead her to the Hunger Games. Finally, I let go, choking out a strangled, "I love you" and watch as she walks to the stage in her matching dress. How am I going to handle being away from my twin? We've never been apart, not even for sleepovers. I look at one of the many screens that are temporarily hanging on store shops and watch her walk in a dignified manner to the stage, not seeming to notice the tears on her face. I feel my heart harden as she walks up and shakes Asterisk's hand. I get up, scrape my knees off, and wipe away the last few tears. Now I'm more angry than pissed. "Do I look like I've been crying?" I ask Ara harshly, my tone still sort of choked sounding. She shakes her head, looking alarmed, as I pull myself together. "No, tell me you're not." Ara growl-whispers, her hand wrapping around my arm and leaving no doubt that it will bruise. I just look at her with a vapid expression, "Oh, yes, I am. I have to. And you know it." I take a deep breath as Asterisk calls out for any male volunteers, and start walking towards the isle. Then he asks for female volunteers and I'm sprinting to the isle, getting there and yelling, "I volunteer as tribute!" I repeat it again firmly, a second time. I don't want them to not notice me. Asterisk beams at me and gestures to the stage, "Fabulous! There's the ol' District One spirit! Oh, how marvelous, how exciting! Now, darling, what's your name?" I reply in a calm manner that completely masks what I feel, "Belle Dicen." "How old are you, dearie, and did you say Dicen? Are you related?" "I'm 18, Asterisk, thanks for asking. And yes, Bea is my twin. Sorry, sis," I turn to her, give her a hard look and then wink at her, "looks like it's too late for your chance." I elbow her as if this is all a giant joke. Asterisk laughs, and Bea rolls her eyes and crosses her arms. As she is dismissed off the stage, I see her raise an eyebrow at me, which is really quite miraculous considering the amount of tears running down her face. I lose track of her once she rejoins the crowd and then Asterisk grabs my hand and Lexon's and raises it in the air, roaring, "District One, your tributes!" And then we are whisked away to the thunderous amount of applause at our backs, one that hasn't been heard since Sage returned home victorious.