the tender age of 18 she is a shell of a human being. Finnick had hidden all the kitchen knives and prescription bottles. If she needed to take medicine or daily vitamins he would measure it out so she can't make a run for it and overdose herself to death. And he had begun to take up the household chores and making the meals because who knows? She might try to strangle herself with a cord or make herself bleed to death with a knife. One day he slipped up again. As much as he tried to be careful, he couldn't foresee her plans. He had been somewhat convinced that Katniss was making an active effort to build herself up again and live life to its fullest. Maybe one of these days he could propose to her, who knows when that will be? But he knows that they could have a future together. So, he trusted her enough to stay in the house while he went for grocery shopping for their dinner. Finnick always had a flaw. He trusted her too much and too soon. And Katniss was thankful for this flaw, really. The moment he was out of the house and down the road to the marketplace, she seized the opportunity to run out of the house. She didn't care who saw her. She's probably sure she got the reputation of the 'crazy girl' around 4 anyways. No one should really suspect what she will do. She got to the ocean. Standing a yard away from where the ocean touched the sand, she contemplated her possible suicide attempt she is considering. Then, shutting her eyes, she stepped into the water. The ocean swallowed her up, gradually yet slowly swallowing her ankles, calves, thighs, waist, chest, neck and finally her head. When she was at chin-deep in the water, she contemplated the weight of her actions. She knew she was leaving Finnick behind. But he deserves a woman who hasn't gone insane like she had. He deserves a woman who will remain strong through all hardships, not someone who has given up like she had. Katniss closed her silver eyes, for what she presumed would be the last time and dunked her head in the water. The air slowly left her lungs and immediately they fought for oxygen. She stepped even deeper into the ocean so that she can't escape even if she wanted to. The current of the water around her got stronger as waves were trying to push her back to shore, yet drag her a little deeper into its arms. As she saw black dots in her vision, she distinctly heard panicked shouts and yells, some women screamed for help, pointing to her footprints leading up to the water. Before she blacked out, she heard a splash. Someone had dived into the ocean after her. But she would never get to see who it was. The next thing she felt was two hands pressing against her chest almost like they were doing compressions. Like how Finnick did it to Peeta in the Quell. Every several compressions, a pair of lips covered her own and forced air down her windpipe twice before compressing. Eventually the ocean water was pumped out of her and the fire had crawled up her lungs to the point she was forced to take a breath. The person who was doing CPR on her stopped and scooped her up into a hug, crushing her form against their own. The first thing she saw was tan arms wrapped around her like a vice, so tight she felt like his hug was a second skin. "Don't do that to me again!" Finnick scolded her after he had kissed every square inch of her face. "Just let me go," Katniss protested, trying to struggle in his arms and jump back into the ocean, "Let me be cut out of this misery. You deserve a girl who wants to stay alive. You shouldn't have to be stuck with me." "I didn't choose to be in love with you!" Finnick yelled, "You think this was a pick and choose process where before you're born you can choose what will happen in your life? Trust me if that's the case I would be living in a white castle with a wife and two perfect children. But nothing goes that way! I fell in love with you, and god damnit Katniss, I love you so much I would kill myself if you left!" She didn't say anything back to what he said, but just went limp in his arms. She stared ahead blankly, maybe even longingly into the ocean that she wished she could jump into once more. "I am not letting you go," Finnick said, catching on where her gaze was, "I am going to put you back together one piece at a time. No matter how long it takes to rebuild yourself, I will do it. Count on it, Katniss." He took something from his pocket and produced a princess-cut infinity diamond. Turning towards Katniss, he said, "Part of rebuilding you is giving the family you were so reluctant to have during the Games. But now since we don't have the stress of the Games looming over our heads, we can do whatever we want. And I want you to surround yourself with your own family, and give you another reason why you should stay." Her eyes watered and for the first time in several months, she showed a spark. It was very small but it ignited the moment he slipped her engagement ring onto her left ring finger. She has someone who wants to spend his forever with her. She has someone who loves and needs her in his life. Even if her mom, Gale and the rest of the remaining victors are distant, she has one piece of rope connecting her to life. And she would hold onto the rope with all of her might. -el fin-