I decide to wear my hair down, because Mom tells me that makes me look more mature, and then I'm done. "Hey, you look like a girl," Luis says jokingly as I come out. I slap him on the arm, but I wonder if he has a point. Then I worry about this all the way to the town square. Do I really not look like a girl, usually? I picture me in my jeans and random T-shirt or sweatshirt, and with a sinking feeling I start to think he might be right. The day is cloudy, and salty wind coming from the direction of the sea whips my newly brushed hair all over as I stand in line for the reaping. Lilac clutches my hand tightly. I can see Luis in the other line, trembling all over and not just because of the slightly chilly wind. Lilac let the Peacekeepers take her blood without much of a problem. I prepared her for that beforehand, telling her if was the scariest part of the whole reaping and if she could get past it then she would be fine. Then she had to go stand with all the other little kids, and I went with the fifteen-year-olds, but I kept sneaking glances over at her to make sure she was okay. District 4's escort, Eustacia Lickprivick, had her skin dyed completely ocean blue. She happily explains to the crowd that she had done it a couple months ago in honor of this beautiful and majestic and wonderful District that she had the amazing honor of escorting to the Hunger Games every year. The video plays. This is a new addition only added in the last year or so, it's about how the evil Districts rebelled and the kind and generous Capitol made 24 kids kill each other every year to make up for it. Woohoo. The voice-over was the voice of Scorpious Burns, our "generous" President, and that made my blood boil with anger, because after all this was the man who killed my father, but then it was over and it was time for the reading of the Treaty of the Treason. In the middle of the Treaty, Eustacia interrupts the mayor and said, "Umm... Mr. Mayor? Where's that other guy? You know... the handsome one? The mentor?" The mayor frowns. "Hmm... where is Nathan? I spoke to him just yesterday..." Then a voice from the side of the stage speaks up, and It sounds out of breath. "He's... his wife went into labor this morning... he's at the hospital... won't be able to mentor this year." Everyone looks at the source of the voice. The guy who said it is standing apart from everyone else, and it takes me a few seconds to realize that this is Kai Saro. I never see him, except on TV, so it's weird to be looking at him in person. "So you'll be mentoring in his place this year, Mr. Saro? Lovely!" Eustacia trills. The mayor decides to skip the rest of the Treaty of the Treason, probably because he can't find where he was when Kai interrupted, but as boring as that is, I wish he wouldn't have done that. Because now it's time for the main event: the reaping. I see Eustacia already unfolding a piece of paper, and right there I want to freeze time forever. I look over at Lilac, who is looking as though she might puke, but all other thoughts are cast to the winds as I hear, "Your girl tribute for this year... Magdalena Oceanus! Come on up!" Every muscle in my body is tensed. I'd spent so much time worrying about what I'd do if Luis or Lilac was picked that I hadn't had time to worry about myself. I had the greatest possibility of being picked out of all the kids in my family, but I never thought in a million years that I would be the one to get picked. In my nightmares it had always been Luis or Lilac. Luis and Lilac. I have to be brave for them. If they saw me scared, they would be scared too. But if they saw me cool and in control (nothing could be farther from the truth) they might be comforted too. I step up to the stage cautiously, trying not to notice everyone staring at me. Eustacia, Kai, everyone else in District 4... No, everyone else in all of Panem! No no no, don't think like that... "And the boy tribute for this year is Hadrian Scrulls! Congratulations!" A boy I recognize from school comes up to stand next to me. He's a year above me, but we're in Art class together. We never really talked to each other that much though. All I know about him is that he's 16, and on just about every sports team imaginable. He has spiky blond hair and he's very tanned from all the sports and fishing he does outside. I know a lot of girls like him, even some of my friends. I never found him very attractive, I don't know why. I guess he is, in a way. I just don't know him that well. Because what would an athletic, popular boy like him be doing talking to a quiet, shy girl like me? "So District 4, here are your tributes! Wish them luck!" She turns to Hadrian and me and whispers, "Okay. We're going to go to the Justice Building so you can say good-bye to your families and friends, and then we'll take a train all the way to the Capitol for the opening ceremonies! Doesn't that sound fun!" Hadrian and I both nod, and I notice that he paled slightly. It's hard to tell because of his tan, though, and his grey eyes are slightly widened. I'm probably white as a ghost right now, but at least I know that he thinks this is about as much fun as I do.