dark days, the Hunger Games and the past District 12 victors. Even though most of the poorer districts don't have many victors, the fact that we've had only two - with only Haymitch Abernathy still alive (if you could call what he does living) - its kind of embarrassing. Haymitch shows up at this moment, hollering and staggering onto the stage. The crowd applauds, and he tries to give Effie a big hug. I fight down a laugh. I'm surprised but I realise it must be nerves. The mayor introduces Effie Trinket, and she trots up to the podium, grinning and overly cheerful. "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favour." She talks about what an honour it is to be there, and then says, as always "Ladies first!" trots to the glass ball with the girls names and reaches in, digs her hands around and pulls out a slip of paper. i cant help but feel like she's holding someone's life in her hands. The crowd draws a breath as she walks back to the podium, smoothes out the slip and reads out the name. "Primrose Everdeen." I feel my stomach drop. No. No, that's not fair. Katniss' little sister, the adorable little blonde girl that everyone seems to love. It's her first year, how could she be picked on her first year? What on earth did that sweet girl ever do to deserve something like this? I glance over at Katniss, see her losing her balance and a boy help her. The crowd is murmuring unhappily as it does when twelve year olds are picked. I can see Primrose now, looking as pale as a ghost, her hands clenched at her sides walking up to the stage. She's so tiny and fragile looking, I feel like crying, knowing she's walking to her death. That's when I hear the screaming. "Prim!" A strangled voice cries. I look towards the sound and see Katniss, starting forwards. The crowd parts for her and she calls out again. "Prim!" She runs forwards, reaching her sister just before the stage. She sweeps her arm in front of Primrose, pushing her behind her. Oh my gosh, I think, my stomach forming tight knots. She's going to- "I volunteer! I volunteer as tribute!" I feel the breath leave my body. Katniss just volunteered. No one volunteers. "Lovely!" Says Effie. Lovely? Does she know what just happened!? "But I believe there's the small matter of introducing the reaping winner and then asking for volunteers, and if one does come forth then we, um..." She trails off uncertainly. "What does it matter?" Says the mayor. I barely hear him, there's a ringing sound in my ears that grows louder every second. He looks unhappy. Does he realise how wrong this all is? "What does it matter? Let her come forward." My eyes prick with tears as I hear Primrose screaming hysterically. "No Katniss! No! You can't go!" How on earth must she be feeling right now? "Prim, let go," Katniss says. "Let go!" She must be the strongest person I know, she's not even crying. I see Gale Hawthorne reach the stage and pull a struggling Primrose off her. He looks upset, and how could I blame him? Katniss climbs the steps to the stage. "Well, bravo!" Effie gushes. "That's the spirit of the games!" I don't think I've ever been more disgusted in my life than at that statement. "What's your name?" She asks. "Katniss Everdeen." She says, swallowing hard. "I bet my buttons that was your sister. Don't want her to steal all the credit, do we? Come one everybody! Lets have a big round of applause to our newest tribute!" Scratch what I said before. I keep getting more and more disgusted every moment. I'm bracing myself for the applause when nothing happens. Thank God. I'm not the only person who realises how wrong this is. I see Katniss standing there, looking so small up on the stage. I realise I'll never get to tell her how I feel about her, because she's just volunteered to die instead of her sister. This fact fills me up with rage, and I get the confidence to touch the three middle fingers of my left hand to my lips and hold it out to her. I'm not the only one either, slowly, every hand I can see is doing the same thing. It's an unexpected moment, but I feel like in a way it's like we're thanking Katniss. Admiring her. Saying goodbye. Making sure that the audiences who see this realise how wrong this is. Haymitch staggers across the stage and throws an arm around her shoulders. "Look at her! Look at this one! I like her!" He cries. "Lots of..." There's a pause as he tries to find the word he's looking for. "Spunk!" He says triumphantly. I think it's an appropriate description. "More than you!" He starts to the front of the stage. "More than you!" He shouts, pointing at the camera. Is he addressing the audience, or could he be so drunk he's actually insulting the Capitol? Haymitch opens his mouth to continue, but then falls off the stage and knocks himself unconscious. My eyes are still trained on Katniss as she puts her hands behind her back and stares off into the distance. People show up with a stretcher and take Haymitch away. Effie Trinket tries to straighten her wig and starts talking again. "Well, what an exiting day! But more excitement to come! It's time to choose our boy tribute!" Oh no. In all that's gone on in the past few minutes, I forgot what comes next. I feel my heart stop as Effie, holding her wig in place, crosses to the boys podium and grabs the first slip she encounters. She hurries back to the podium and I'm clenching my fists, hoping its not me, not Rye, not anyone, when she reads our the name. "Peeta Mellark."