and how stubborn and rude I can be, and I have no filter but you matter to me, you're so important to me, I've been trying so hard to deserve you, why don't you want to be my friend anymore?" she sounds defeated, so hurt that I'm about to take back my stupid words but I have some courage left and I need to use it. "I'm a lousy friend. Seeing you with Gale made me realize that. I don't know what is going to happen to me the day you have a boyfriend. A friend would be able to be with you, talk about your dates, maybe go out in a double one and get drunk with you if someone breaks your heart one day but I don't think I can do it Katniss." "What are you saying?" she whispers breathless, looking closer into my eyes, as if she's looking for something there. I smile "Now baby, I know how pure you are but right now you're just playing dumb. I'm saying that I care too much for you to be your friend, I'm saying that I'm totally incapable of seeing you in other man's arms without going crazy, I can't be your friend and I don't know if I ever will." "Were you jealous of Gale?" she asks in disbelief. "That's what you got from all this?" I ask surprised. "Yes, because you're stupid, he's my friend, nothing else. He's married to my friend Margarita. Shehe isn't here because their baby has a cold." I can't hide the relief exhalation but neither can I step back "That's really good to know but I won't change my mind Katniss. Friendship will never be enough anymore and I will be a lousy friend because I want to be more than that." She cups my head with her hands and I worry that my heart will escape from my chest. I can't breathe. "So, all those dates you have this year that I had to ruin…?" Katniss asks. "It was on purpose?" I ask surprised. she nods guiltily. I can't believe her, well after a while I started to suspect it but couldn't imagine the reason why. She is still cupping my head with her hands, and makes a move without letting me go. She kneels between my legs, her eyes telling me answer the question. My voice comes out as shaky as I feel "Um, after last Christmas, well, you didn't call me, not once while you were here so I figured I had zero chance with you and try to get over this, this thing I feel." "But you couldn't right?" she asks hopeful, her eyes open wide, searching into my eyes again "Isn't it obvious? I never had more than a second date with anyone. Not that you helped with that, calling or showing up." I try to reprimand her but her finger rubbing over my lips with her eyes following its pad make my eyes close involuntarily, I don't know what will become of me if she keeps doing this. She has the softer voice, almost a whisper when she explains "I never called you last Christmas because I was scared. You became part of my life so quickly and in such intense way that I was afraid that I couldn't function without you, you know? Like my mom; so I have to prove myself that I could. I took that time to do that but didn't exactly work. I could function but I was also miserable. Gale was sick of my surly face; he said I was being stubborn and stupid. When I came back to College and finally made up my mind and decided to make a move you were coming out of your house with that Delly chick." "I'm sorry." I whisper opening my eyes. Oh god, I remember that day, the dread on her face… and the anger a few seconds later. She shakes her head softly and stops the wandering finger over my lips, silencing me while her other hand plays with the hair on my nape "Don't be." She leans closer, her eyes won't leave mine as if asking for permission, and God, I feel feverish. I wish she would just do it already, She;s going to kiss me right? Thats what she is asking with her eyes right? But instead she smirks at me, grazing her way across my jaw line, her hot breath against my neck makes it hard to keep my eyes open . Finally her lips brush mine, I sigh heavily over her mouth and her intake of breathe drives me completely insane. That's all the teasing I need, I put my hands around her neck, pulling her to me so I can kiss her properly. Her hands go to my biceps searching leverage, she can't be comfortable squatting over the ground, and call me selfish but right now I couldn't care less, she deepens the kiss, I mold my lips to the shape of hers and, yes, they are as soft as they look like. I silently plead with her to open her mouth so I can taste her with my tongue, and as if she can read my mind, she agrees. I ache to take her cave man style to my room to hear more of those sounds she is making me as I kiss her. The need for air makes us slow the pace of our kissing and eventually break off. Her hands return to my face; she captures my bottom lip and gives me a lingering peck. We press our foreheads together, waiting to regain our breath. "Now, can I walk you to your room?" she asks. I stand up, fast at lighting, pulling her hand for her to stand too. She gives a quick kiss on my goofy, smiling lips and we walk back, hand in hand, to my room. "Come on Mellark, we have to give our friendship a proper goodbye."