next weeks. "This is not home," I thought, "This is not home at all." The Arena And indeed, it wasn't home. It was an enclosed area, and I was alone. Where is the Cornucopia?! I took my district token and lifted it to my nose. It smelt of home, of the pine needles in our woods. I was filled with a sense of urgency. I needed to get out of this… cell, this is a jail cell! Blood was on the walls in vibrant colours of crimson and they looked like fingerprints and handprints. As if that wasn't enough, screams reverberated into the gloom and chilled me to my bones. I rushed out of my cell and was faced with two paths. I ran to the one on my left, praying that I'll be safe there. There was a platform to go to the shining Cornucopia where I'll get my supplies. Should I? The bloodbath must be still ongoing as the clang of metal against metal was still ringing in my ears. I needed to get food and water, preferably weapons as well. This is a chance I'll have to take. I climbed down to the Cornucopia and was faced with no adversaries. I sprinted to the nearest backpack I saw and snatched it up. It felt compact in my hands but I needed a weapon- any weapon. But I had to go now before I get spotted. I guess I'll make my own weapon. I was running from the Cornucopia when the District Ten boy ran past me. I grabbed the backpack and sheath of arrows off his back, forcing him to a stop. He had no other weapons. Checking that no one was behind me, I took one of the arrows and stabbed it to his throat. I then took the bow and bolted away, knowing that no one saw my deed and the only person in the arena who knows what I had done is already dead. Stopping at a dark corner, I ran through my list of options. I could make camp at this desolate space, or I could continue running into… somewhere. I had no idea where I was. I wanted to distance myself away from the others, but also be near enough to safety. Not knowing what to do again, I simply followed my instincts and jogged straight ahead. Then I climbed a ladder to a grey building, my slight stature making it easy for me. I walked into another jail- like place and then the horrible realization hit me. I'll be forced to spend my days with my adversaries in this prison. The alternative was equally bleak- I would spend my time outside the jail, roaming about. I chose the latter. I need time to myself to think and evade. I do not trust anyone in this arena. Raven Carter, the District Two girl, was suspicious of me, according to my prep team's beliefs. She would be one of the strongest with Flash, her district partner. They would act together until perhaps the final moment when they break off or one of them gets killed. I was especially wary of the female tributes, though. They seemed to be both intelligent and vicious. The male ones are just ruthless monsters who seek destruction. I fear brains more than brawn. At the last moment, I slid into the prison and found it thankfully empty- which was strange. I chose the cell opposite the door for easy getaway. I locked the door of my cell and retreated to the darkest corner of it. I opened the backpacks I had and transferred the contents of the smaller backpack to the one I got from the District Ten boy. In total, I had two knives- one hunting and one survival knife. The hunting knife was just for skinning and cutting throats open, but the survival knife was a wonder to behold. It was sturdy and has a hollow grip with a ring seal to keep out water. The grip contains some thin but strong lines to make snares, some matches and a long strip of bandage. There were no axes in the backpacks, but I had knives and a bow and arrows! Granted, my skill with bows isn't good, but it will do. Rummaging further into the bag, I found a bottle of water, a small, capped bottle of iodine, cheese, dried meat, crackers and canned beans. There was also an empty water skin, a mummy- style sleeping bag and some freeze dried packet meals. Perfect. Well, maybe not so perfect when I turned around and saw a huge dog in front of me. It looked horrible, its breath stank, its saliva dripped down its face, its eyes were mean and small and its mouth was wide open in a full out snarl. Put simply, I'm in a ton of shit and it just hit the fan. Oh, joy. The dog's razor sharp teeth were in full display. I cringed from it. It might be a muttation for all I know. I raised my hands up in the air, showing a sign of submission. I knelt down in front of it, head bent, trying to look as submissive as possible. Then, before my eyes, the dog changed into a little puppy, adorable and loving. Wasting no time, I took my hunting knife and sliced it into half. I don't care if it was harmless, I do not want to share my living spaces with a dog. He can be cooked for a stew later, if no one comes. I threw its small body into the next cell. It was then the cannons boomed. Twelve deaths today. TWELVE. Half of us, gone. The bloodbath is finally over. I wonder who had died. I hope Chad is dead, so that'll spare him the torture I would inflict on him when I find him. When I find the Careers, I will kill them. I hate them. And Chad shall die first.