Katniss won. But she won with the boy who gave us bread, who got us all through that long period of pain, loss, and fear. I am grateful both of them returned for us, but it is a bit of a painful reminded that my brother never got to come home to me the way my oldest daughter has. Rise and Zayn would've been proud. Relief. Joy. Heartbreak. Unbelievable. Katniss is going back into that damn arena. I will do my best, I know I will. To keep a grip on reality, and to take care of little Prim. But I am terrified for her, and I am terrified for what the Capitol may do to us. Simply unbelievable. Insane. I guess you could say that is what I was for a while, but Katniss is know truly insane. She is offically mentally unstable, but not just because she has it on a band around her wrist. She is hopelessly in love with Peeta Mellerk, and she doesn't even know it. Prim is concerned, but she doesn't really say it. She and I just walk around District 13, the memories of the night our home, both of them, were destroyed, and our District brothers and sisters were killed ruthlessly in a horrible way. But we are both stronger enough, on the outside, at least, to handle it and help healing any way we possibly can. Insane. Pride. I always knew my children were going to amount more to more than I could ever dream of. Katniss is going to bring us all safety and happiness at long as last. She is our Mockingjay. And Prim has been granted an honor: To go out and help those in the field of battle. She is going to save countless lives because she is that amazing of a person, and soon, I will be working for her. I am proud. Pride. Depression. Rush. Prim is dead. She is gone. That reality is even harder than when I learned from someone I don't know that my husband was dead. It was even worse than watching my brother be murdered. Prim was my baby. She was the sweetest person in Panem, in the universe. She cared so much for everyone and everything, and she was beautiful. I abanded her to die before, but she lived because I was lucky enough to have her older sister to protect her. I should've protected her for all thirteen of her years. But now she is gone, and she will never come back. I don't have time to be depressed, to let myself go so I can join her, Zayn, and Rise in Heaven. I am a healer, and I am expected to take her almost legacy's place and travel to pick the pieces of war. I need Katniss to keep me strong again, because I am not strong myself. Pain. Strength. I finally got it. In the beginning, I was a weak merchant's daughter with a big heart but no idea of how cruel the world really was, how bad Panem was as a whole. But time hardened me in a cruel way, mangling me into a shell of a women who is still just molding herself into the modern, healing world. Healer. Though I was her mother, Prim was an unsung legacy. I am doing as she would've wanted, instead of the other way around, and taking her place. I am making myself useful instead of killing myself, just like Katniss. She is just as broken as I am. We are unfixable. But we both served/are serving usefullness. She killed that monster President Snow, and Panem is now a true united country. We call each other know and then to mourn over our loss of our beloved Primrose, and over all of our losses as a whole. We are strong, but we both of broken hearts. Strength. Katniss' P. O. V. My mother. I resented her for quite some time, but now I am beginning to understand why she clocked out of reality for so long. I watch my children for a minute in the living room before I place the old Panem world history book, the one I studied in school before the 'certain issue' forced me to drop out for a while. It is open to a the section of past Victors and tributes of the Games, and one name is highlighted because of me. Sunrise Break. Break was my mother's maiden last name, meaning that he must have been her older brother. He was killed in the Hunger Games, which meant she'd lost someone important to her before she lost my father. I never knew that. So tonight, we mourn his death as well as Prim's. We are both united as one, it seems, even though we are not together and probably never will be unless something horrible happens to a place that was once District 12. Things are running smoothly for now, and for the most part, we are all at peace. That is good, at least. But the peace isn't even enough for a heal the pieces Panem left our minds, souls, and hearts in. At least we still have some happiness to keep us clinging onto reality for our lives. Ms. Everdeen's P. O. V. He cares about me. Thunder is a coworker of mine, and he just admitted he is falling for me hard. His cheeks are pink, and his hair is tangled. His eyes are nervous, and he is even sweating a little bit. I find it cute. I am aware he will never be able to take Zayn's place as I take his hand. I know that Katniss will probably never meet her potiental stepfather as I tell I love him too. And even if I had a million kids with him, I know not even the sweetest one could take Prim's place and the strongest couldn't beat Katniss. But I'm alright with that. I am Cinderella. Hope.