the sparks fly.". That voice can only belong to one person and one person only. Willow. I see her coming out of the bathroom with clothes on. I pratically run to her and pick her up and hug her. I spin her like a child and put her down. She starts squealing and screaming and laughing. "Good morning err afternoon!" I say. "Good afternoon!", she says back. "Lets head down for breakfast err lunch I mean brunch", I say. She nods her head and we go downstairs. We see everyone down in the dining room, eating lunch. It's Saturday! Why are they up so earily? "Good morning! Err afternoon!", Willow beams. We sit down and grab some food. Since it's lunch I pour some soup for Willow and me. I hold her right hand. "Willow, why are you eating with your left hand?", My Mom asks. "Yeah, why am I? Finn!", she tries to let go of my hand but I get a tighter grip on her hand. Once I let go on her her hand bounces on the table. She scowls and jabs me in the arm. I just smirk. We finish our soup and head upstairs to my room. Chapter 10 "Hey, Finn, did you hear about the fair?", Willows asks. I nod my head. "You wanna go? Friday?", I ask Willow. "Yeah, sure but lets bring the family so it won't look like a date. I bet Lilly would love the fair. Or just bring a few friends.", she suggests. "We should go out with two or three friends and bring our family." I say. "Yeah that would be great!", she beams. I love the way her eyes twinkle. "Alright. I'll make the annoucement.", I tell her. I first go to my sister and Tarris. They both agreed so all 3 of us go down and tell our family our idea. They all agreed. We invite A friend of Tarris and me. Drew and Willow and Maggie's friend, Savanah. Willow sugested that we head to town with Maggie, Tarris, Savanah and Drew. I put on some jeans and a orange t-shirt with some sneakers while Willow wears a plum coloured crop-top with some white high-waisted shorts with some sneakers. We head out. Willow's POV Believe it or not, Maggie and I are born on August. So we share a birthday. Usually people hate sharing birthdays but for me, it's the best thing ever. Doing everything with your best friend! Think about it! It's awesome! We head to a jewlery store. While we're looking around I find an awesome mockingjay set. Small studs and a thin chain with a small mockingjay. Too bad it costs $100, it's not that expensive but the store only accept this new thing called a debit card that has money in it. It had a chip and it charges your account. Unfortunatly I don't own one. Finn's arms wrap around my waist behind me and his head rests on my shoulder. "Oooh, that looks pretty", Finn says. "Yeah, it is.", I say. I turn around to face Finn, his arms still around my waist. I wrap my arms around his neck, he lifts me up and spins me around like a child, I giggle. "Excuse me, this is a jewlery store, not a place to display public affection to gross us out!", I would reconize that high pitched voice anywhere. Sydney. Sydney is a girl from the capitol, she bullied and bothered me ever since her stupid foot set on district twelve ground. "Whatever Sydney!", I snap at her. She sees Finn and starts flirting. "Don't you wanna introduce me to your friend?", she asks in her annoying voice. "Yeah, sure! This is Finn Odair, my boyfriend!", I say straight and clear. "Hi! I'm Sydney, Sydney Jones!", she squeaks. She takes out her hand and Finn gives it two shake and drops it. He wipes his hand on his jeans. I hear Savanah calling my name. I walk over to her. "What?!", I hiss. "Woah! Adittude! I just wanted to show you these!", she shows me a mockingjay charm, a bow and arrow charm and a trident charm. "It's beautiful!", I whisper. "Yeah it is.", she whispers back. I go to Maggie who is drooling over a pair of earrings with aqua coloured gems in it. I tell Maggie to go see the charms that Savanah showed me. The reason I told her to go is because I want to try to buy this for Maggie. A guy with green eyes and blonde hair who is working in the shop comes to me. "Need any help?", he asks. "Uh, yes, I want to get these earrings but I don't have a debit card, do you except cash?", I ask sweetly. "Uh, no, sorry.", he says. No, I can't give up. I'm buying this for Maggie. "Are you sure? Can't you try?", I say as I'm twirling my hair. "Let me talk with my manager, let's see what I can do.", he says. He go into another room. He comes back and grins. "My manager approved.", he says. I grin. I pay the money when Finn comes. "What'cha buy?", he asks. "Somthin' for Mags", I say. "Cool!", he says. "What did you buy?", I ask. "Just a little something.", he says mischiviously. I scowl at him. He just smirks a puts an arm around my waist. He gives me a kiss on the cheek and my scowl fades. "See?! No one can resist an Odair charm!", he exlaims and my scowl returns. "Ok! Fine!", he says, throwing his hand up. I start giggling. "Aww, aren't you two a cute couple!" Maggies teases as she smirks. "Just like you and Tarris!", I say in a sing song voice, smirking back. "How in the world-", "I saw the news", I say as Finn and I go out. "Wow, so much for keeping this a secret!", he says. Uh oh, I forgot to keep this a secret!