someone takes my spot away from me. I decide to walk to the square instead of taking a shuttle. I still had plenty of time, and I knew that I could get a spot at the front no matter how late I showed up. By the time I got there, a sizable crowd had already formed. Several people turned around and stared at me when I was in line. They knew just as well as I knew that this was mine. I had just gotten to a good spot a few rows back from the stage when the music started playing, and the ceremony began. Emerald I want to sleep in, since school is off and all, but Wolfgang clearly doesn't understand that. He licks my face and jumps on me until I finally groan and push him off. God, I wish I could just sleep through today. I should probably dress in something nice, due to the occasion, but I'm just not up to it. I throw on tan-colored pants and a purple shirt, and tie my hair back in a ponytail. I don't even bother to shower. I'm not exactly dirty anyway. Wolfgang follows me around the room, watching me get ready. He clearly doesn't know what today is, he doesn't know that two people from the district would be leaving today and very well not returning. I look down at my outfit. We're supposed to dress extra nice on the reaping day, but this is just something I would wear to school. I put on my brown boots, for the only other shoes I own are white heels my sister gave me. I've never worn them. I never plan to. When I get downstairs, I see my sisters already sitting at the breakfast table. This is the first and last year all four of us will be eligible for the reaping. Alexandra looks at what I'm wearing and scoffs at me. She's the one who gave me the heels. At 18, this was her last reaping, and she was nervous. With Tessera, her name was in there about 34 times. Jade, her twin, was also having her last reaping. her name was also in 34 times. I'm in the next oldest, and my name is in 9 times. Peridot sits quietly, not eating, examining her fingers. Her name is in only once, the rest of us decided that she shouldn't have to collect tessera. We didn't need it this year, we got by on just the three of us. The future, though, when we wouldn't collect from Alex and Jade anymore, was a different story. "I don't feel like dressing up today," I snickered and sat down at the table. I wasn't very hungry, but I stuffed down a few pieces of toast, not wanting to waste food. "They won't appreciate that," Alex went back to her oatmeal. "They don't have to appreciate anything," I muttered. I'll show up. I'll put my name in. But I'm not giving them anything else. Alexandra is acting even more petty than usual, which means we're nervous. We all are. Jade seems the most collected, pouring herself over her school books, as if the next few hours couldn't change the course of her life forever. As if the next few hours couldn't sentence her to death. "Where's Dad?" I ask, forcing myself to bite into my toast. Wolfgang whines for food next to me. My Dad didn't want a dog because of all the money they would cost. But when we found Wolfgang in our backyard, my sisters and I couldn't bear to send him to the shelter where he would be killed. "Still sleeping," said Jade, mouth full of food. "He hates this day, you know." Who the hell does? It's like this every year. Dad won't get up until we leave. He'll come to the ceremony, but only because he has to. And then after, he'll be happy, and we'll eat dinner together and laugh, and we'll pretend none of it ever happened. Peridot is still staring at her food. "Come on, Peri," Jade urges, "Eat something. You have to. You'll feel better." "Don't force her," Alex mumbled through bites of oatmeal. "She'll eat later today." I tried not to think of later today. Of who would be chosen. Of course, I hoped it wouldn't be me or my sisters, but there were so many other people it could be. Would it be a friend from school? Would it be someone I knew? I hope it's not anyone I know. Every year, I've made it out with nobody I knew too well getting picked. But each year, this could change. "We're going to be late," Alex warned, finishing up her oatmeal. "Jade, put that book down. You live in District 7. You're not going to be a doctor." "Doctors are needed everywhere," Jade pointed out. "We have all the doctors we need." "We're going to need new ones someday." "The doctor's children will take over. Your parents are lumberjacks, Jade. None of them will ever train you," Alex snatched the book out of her hand. I could see now that it was a biology book. "Well, at least becoming a doctor is better than trying to move up the social classes by marriage." All of Alex's boyfriends had been rich boys. She crinkled her nose, "It's the only way around her, and you know it." We walk as a group to the center of town, where the ceremony will be held. I hold onto Peridot's hand, guiding her along. Her shoes are dragging in the mud below us. "Don't get your shoes dirty," Alex warned her, "Those are new." After we check in, Alex and Jade go to the back of the group with all of the other 18 year olds. Normally, all of the twelve year olds go to the front, but Peri stays with me, holding my hand. This truly was the worst day of the year.