one asking the questions." My mother opens her mouth to say something but my father stops her, "Ask away." I take a deep breath and I know where to begin. "Why didn't you tell me yourselves?" My father looks away and then answers, "We were cowards Willy Billy. We were afraid of how you would look at us when we told you. We worried that you hate us and be ashamed. So we put it off until it was too late. Now we realize our mistake. It must have been a horrible shock to have to find out that way. We are so so sorry and we are more than willing to answer any of your question." I'm taken aback by the honesty and just like that their not strangers any more. I walk over and crawl into their laps like I did when I was little. Now the questions begin. I ask for hours and they answer candidly. When they are finished I admire my parents more than I ever thought I could. I reach up and hug them, "How could you think that I would ever hate you." "We were being silly little one," daddy says, "now why don't you get you boots off and take a shower, because I don't know what you were doing these past three days but you smell horrible." "I can't take my boots off." "Why?" Mom asks. "I fell out a tree two days ago and I hurt my ankles." Mom sigh, "Peeta, please get Willow in her bathroom and then call the doctor." Daddy carries me upstairs and sets me down. Mom helps me get my shirt off and cuts my pants off. She hands me a wet wash cloth and tells me to wipe down. It feels good to get the dirt off. Next Mom tips my head back into the bath, undoes my braid and washes my hair. It is the best feeling in the world. Mom helps me into my pjs (the pants fit over the boots) and Daddy caries me to bed. The doc comes up to take a look. "Well there's no way around it, the boots are coming off," she says with finality. She hands me a tongue depressor to bite on, "Hold her down," she says to Daddy. She carefully unties my right boot, getting a good grip she pulls as hard as she can. The sound that comes out of my mouth is not human and I nearly black out from the pain. "Oh Willow," Mom says. It's worse than I thought. While the ankle, which has swelled up to an impossible size and is now yellow and purple, is the worse; the rest of my foot is swollen and discolored as well and the toes are bloody. "Well," doc says not fazed at all, "Time for the next one." The process is no fun when it's repeated. Needless to say the left is as bad as the right. Doc hands my parents a bottle of pills, "Give her two of these with food, obviously don't let her walk, and bring her by my office first thing tomorrow." She leaves and Daddy makes me cheese buns (my favorite). After I eat they put me to bed like when I was little. Daddy strokes my hair while Mom sings to me. I wonder how we would tell Rye about the Hunger Games. I didn't want him to find out like I did. But as my parents helped me get to sleep, I started to feel less and less worried Mockingjay Day feels more significant this year than it has any other year. The day still passes like it normally does. I play all the game and compete in the baking and archery competition (Daddy and Mom are not allowed to compete because they're judges). My parents (well really Daddy) make a speech and then skillfully avoid the cameras. They find me so fast that I am beginning to wonder if they are starting to ignore my parents in favor of me. "Well if it isn't the beautiful Willow Mellark, congratulations on winning the baking competition. Your cake was absolutely exquisite," the Capitol reporter says with way to much enthusiasm. "Thank you, I learned everything I know from Daddy," I say politely. Honestly, I'm still slightly upset that I came in second in archery to Rye. He doesn't even like hunting with Mom. "And a little birdy told me that your 12 this year," her smile is more forced now. It's obvious what she's getting at, she just wasn't sure how to approach it. I decide to throw her a bone, "Yes! This year, Mockingjay Day has an even greater significance because I finally understand the story behind it." "And how was it learning who your parents really are." I give a dazzling smile, "My parents are really my parents. However, I will admit that is was a bit of a shock to find out all that they went through when they were younger. Their story is incredible don't you think." "And what do you think of people who claim that the trauma your parents experienced and the side-effects of the trauma make them unfit parents." I give her a confused look this is the first time I have ever be asked anything beyond 'isn't life wonderful', "I would tell them not to judge what they no little to nothing about. My parents are wonderful and I wouldn't trade them wouldn't trade them for the world. Now if you'll excuse me I actually have to get back to them now." I run over and give them a big hug, how can anyone say that they aren't good parents. They are the greatest parents in the whole wide world. "Hey apple pie, what was that for?" Daddy asks. I smile up at them, "I love you and you love me. Real or not Real." My parents look and each other and then answer in unison. "Real."