I have the energy and time to explain all my experiences in the Dark Days today. I'm tired. Cancer saps your energy so much. I know you, you sleep any damn time you want, and I can't do a thing about it. But...well, I am 93. There's no more vitality in this old body. Much less with a terminal disease. Can you call the nurse now? "Sure thing, grandpa. I'll be back." ... ... ... ... ... ... "Here she is, grandpa. Hey, Ivy, take care of him, alright?" "As always. Mr. Ender, it's time to rest now," Look at me. I can't go to sleep without a nurse by my side, lest something happen to me during the night, or if I feel restless from the pain, or if I need to take my meds. When I was young I never imagined that this would be the way I finally leave this earth and go to restful nonexistence. Thought I'd just get executed or die in battle. Sigh. I miss my childhood. Sometimes I wished I had died in it. I miss the old Panem. I think I still remember the anthem of the olden times. It was a song of the ancients, I believe. something to reunite and instill hope in a divided and hopeless people. Of course, with alterations to fit into the context of Panem. First sung at the raising of the red flag at the founding of the Capitol. Let me sing it. *ahem* O say, can you see by that dawn's early light, What so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming? Whose red glory flies high, past that ancient night, That end of all chaos and the end of suffering? O'er the ancient ruins of an old bygone might Arises a new nation for a new beginning And the banner of Panem waves in liberty O'er the land of plenty and the home of the free O thus be it ever, when new men shall stand, Between their loved home and the world's desolation, May Panem be blessed, may each man work hand in hand, That our every action makes a prosperous nation From the mountains and seas of our great fatherland, Let this land shine in glory across all of creation As the banner of Panem flies triumphantly O'er the land of plenty and the home of the free! ... "For an old man, you still have a good voice, Mr. Ender." "That was the anthem back then, grandpa? Wow. That song, seriously, it's...knowing what Panem was back then? It's a really heartfelt song." I know, right? But what about Panem now? Our anthem is a soulless and lyricless dirge. The banner of Panem waves in oppression and not liberty. This land is not a land of plenty, and nor is it the home of the free. Far from it. And I'm going to die in this forsaken land, with nothing but nightmares of the past and sorrow for everyone whom I ever loved. "..." ... You're going to sleep now? "Nah, not sleepy yet. Besides, it's a Friday. Nothing to do tomorrow. Maybe I'll do some homework in advance so I could just relax for the weekend, and maybe I'll read something in my room. I dunno." Ah, alright then. I'll see you tomorrow, and maybe I'll tell you about my life back in the Dark Days. I have all the time in the world, but not the energy though. Heh. "Good night, then?" Yeah, good night, don't be scared of the dark, and don't let the monsters get you. Ha. "Grandpa, I'm 14." Won't you let an old man relive the past, Sol? Remember all the times I spent raising you, my only remaining family member, despite the fact that I was already in my 80s and in poor health? After your parents were gone? And before this cancer struck me? Come on, I'm a storied man, and part of my stories was all the hijinks of raising a kid like you at this old age. I've plenty of stories, son. Plenty of them. Plenty to relive, plenty to remember, and plenty to forget, or want to forget. "And I'm...well, I don't suppose a 14-year old boy from District 2 has much stories to tell. Or to come back to." Ah, you'll earn your experiences. And hopefully it isn't some tragic epic tale of sadness like I fancy myself to have. You know what, I just got an idea. "What?" I have a tale to tell. Let's make a book. "W-what? Can we even finish a book when you're in this state? You'll probably die far before we're done." You write it. I'll just tell the details, the plot, and everything. After I die you can go ahead and edit it until it's complete. Now getting it published is kind of a question, but maybe with news of rebellions in District 8 and some other areas right now, I dunno. Maybe when you finish this book, Panem would be free once more. Whether it happens this year or the next decade, as long as it comes. I can already picture it, a story of life throughout the Dark Ages and the First Hunger Games through the eyes of a lost District 2 boy. "Got any title thought of?" Hmm. Maybe "The Life and Times of Tristan Ender", subtitled "A Biography of the First Victor". "Hmm, I think we can come up with something better." Ah, I dunno yet. "Days of Darkness: Through the Dark Days and the Games". Good enough? "Ehhhhhh, you know what, let's just think this through tomorrow," Good idea. Good night, Sol. "Good night, grandpa." ... Hey, Ivy, can you turn off the lamp, please? Or at least dim it. "Sure, Mr. Ender. Anything to help you rest easy." ... Thank you so much. Ah, that's better. Good night. Reviews, error corrections, and critique appreciated. I guess watching Catching Fire made me want to write again.