her little arms raise off of me in that second, causing me to involuntarily turn around in surprise. Gale was struggling to contain Prim in his tensed arms, her thrashing limbs hitting him occasionally in her reverie. His eyebrows were furrowed violently, and his lips were mashed together as if he was holding back from something he desperately wanted to do. With a deep breath, he choked out, "Up you go, Catnip." I gave him a forced nod before turning on my heel, trying to hold myself together as I took the stage. Effie pounced over to where I was standing before chiming, "Hello, dearie! What's your name?" She held the microphone insistently under my chin, and I mustered up what little strength I had left to speak into it. "Katniss Everdeen." Effie let out a theatrical gasp, her hand flying up to cover her mouth. "Another Everdeen? I bet you're Primrose's sister! Didn't want to let her snatch up all the glory, huh?" I tightened my lips in an attempt to hold back the pained grimace threatening to take over my features, studying the crowd through slitted eyes—empty pallors washed away of emotion instead of faces, stiffly set shoulders, lips so bitten that they were swollen. "Well, well, well!" Effie lilted, a slight note of agitation in her voice in response to my silence, "That's the kind of spirit we need in The Hunger Games!" She took big strides toward the front of the stage, raising her free hand up in the air as she spiritedly yelled, "Let's give a big round of applause to our newest tribute, Katniss Everdeen!" I snapped my eyes tightly shut to prepare for the applause that would follow, but it never came. It was with hesitance that they opened again, only to see that not one individual had made a move to clap. They all stood in silence, blankly staring. The only movement visible was that of a left hand moving to a spectator's mouth, receiving a light kiss before going skyward. Another came, and then another, filling the air with a sea of fingers. Soon the entire crowd was holding up their left hands, in praise, in respect—for me. It also held a harsher tone, one of disagreement and rebellion. One that represented the everlasting oppression that hazed our district, one that sternly whispered both a farewell and a curse. I spotted Gale in the crowd, stern lines etching his face as he held his up higher than anyone. In his other arm was a very weak Prim, limply holding up her hand, her tearstained eyes never leaving mine. The lump in my throat grew bigger, a pressure building behind my eyes, making my vision blur. I caught sight of one of the many cameras around me, and desperately tried to hold it together. Not waiting for everyone to put down their hands, Effie made her way to the other ball, her face flustered as she stammered into the microphone. "Well, uh...This is interesting! A lot of firsts in this year's Reaping!" The white robes of a group of Peacekeepers caught the corner of my eye, and I instinctively turned my head in their direction, only to see that their faces were unfamiliar. They weren't from this district. They were sent specially for the Reaping. My heart began to pulsate more painfully as I darted my attention back to the crowd, who were all still rebelliously holding their hands up to me. My chest heaved. "Let's get this over with!" Effie said, her voice struggling to keep its usual exaggerated timbre as she caught sight of the Peacekeepers. Without missing a beat, she spun the boys' glass ball before clumsily pulling out another slip of paper, smoothing out the surface across her lap before moving towards the microphone. I didn't even have time to hope that it wasn't Gale before her voice boomed across the square, announcing the name. "Peeta Mellark!" I stared wide-eyed into the crowd, now biting my tongue for fear of crying. My eyes swept over his blond head, and a crushing thought weighed itself in the pit of my stomach. I know him. A baker, about my age, and the son of the man my mother had rejected in her youth for my father. I quickly thought back to the time he gave me bread when I was in my weakest, hungriest state, but before he could even take two steps, I saw Gale step forward from where he was already positioned at the front of the crowd, pushing Prim gently behind him. She looked lost, shell-shocked, unknowing of what to do. "I volunteer as tribute." His voice, calm as it was, echoed throughout the square. It was with restrained vigor that he mounted the stage, the bow of his shoulders so strained that he was at the point of shaking. He walked slowly up to me, and I stared with eyes shining with tears as he lost all control and engulfed me in his arms. That was when the crowd got rowdy, pushing each other around and yelling obscenities up at Effie, threatening her and the Peacekeepers around us. Gale's arms tightened around me, his breath hot at the top of my head, and I vaguely registered quiet and incessant apologies slipping through his lips before gunshots pierced the air, slicing through the once determined protests and turning them into bloodcurdling screams. I widened my eyes, a strangled, sick noise tangling itself in my vocal chords. "Gale," I started, feeling a creeping, ghoulish coldness at the base of my spine. The screams were met by the clear-cut sound of metal slapping against flesh, bones cracking. "Gale," I repeated, feeling queasy and paralyzed, as if my muscles had turned to ice and my stomach into bile. A faint sob wavered in his chest. You might notice some parallels right now. Trust me when I say that this story branches off from the original quite a bit later on!