the way, he said to tell you he can't keep pretending he's treating you forever. You have to pick up the phone." I watch Katniss as she tries to brush some of the hair away from her face and straighten the clothes that have become too big for her shrinking frame. Sadness clouds her features. She looks from me to the bushes and back again. "What are you doing?" "I went to the woods this morning and dug these up. For her…I thought we could plant them along the side of the house." I see the recognition of exactly what kind of bushes I am planting dawn on her. She looks at me with glassy eyes. Her bottom lip trembling slightly and I know she is trying not to cry. She quickly nods her head and runs back into the house. Just as I'm about to call out to her, I hear the resounding click of the door lock. I turn and slump against the railing letting my back slide down the surface until I'm sitting on dewy grass. Turning to look at the already planted bushes I groan and reach my good leg out to kick the wheelbarrow over in frustration watching the last remaining bush tumble to the ground. Seeing it lie there with its pretty yellow petals covered in dirt makes me think of her small body lying in the debris after the bombs exploded. Prim. I grab handfuls of my hair and pull trying to root myself in this place. In reality. I can't let the images floating in my mind to allow me to go someplace else. Fuck. Get it together Mellark. I get up. Shame washing over me. I need to finish this for her. For both of them. Picking up the fallen bush I lightly brush the dirt from the flowers and gently place it in the hole I had already dug. Collecting as much of the loose soil from the grass around the wheelbarrow as I can, I bury the bushes roots patting the fresh ground around it for good measure. As I'm gathering my supplies and heading back to my house I hear Katniss' upstairs bedroom windows being thrown open, the pale green curtains being pulled out in the breeze. I start pushing my wheelbarrow across the path to my backyard and see Haymitch stumble out of his front door shielding his eyes from the morning light. "What the hell is all of the noise about!? I finally close my eyes and then I hear slamming and banging…" His sentence cuts off as he looks from me to the bushes to the open windows on the second floor of Katniss' house. His eyes come back to me and I swear I can see the slightest hint of a smile form on his lips. It is quickly replaced with his signature scowl as he turns and goes back inside without another word. As I round the back of my house, I let the wheelbarrow fall on its side throwing the shovel on top it. I wince at the loud clang it makes as it hits the side of the wheelbarrow and falls to the ground. There are too many thoughts circling my head and I pace back and forth in my backyard trying to sort them all out. I don't know how much time has passed, but I'm sure I look like a lunatic pacing around muttering to myself. Clothes and skin covered in dirt. Hair sweaty and standing on end. Taking a deep breath, I decide what I really need is a bath, tea and sleep – nightmare free sleep if at all possible. As I'm gathering the art supplies I abandoned on my front porch I see her. She's bathed and dressed in clean clothes. Her shoulders are squared and her spine is ramrod straight with determination. Her bow and quiver slung across the back of the old leather jacket she is wearing. Her hair in the signature braid across her shoulder. The sight steals my breath. This is Katniss. The old Katniss. My Katniss. I thought they said she hadn't moved in two months? I watch her make her way out of the Village heading towards the meadow. She's heading to the woods and taking the way she always did. My heart aches because I don't know if she's seen town yet, or the Seam or what used to be the meadow. I remind myself to let her know about the fence opening I used earlier – if she'll speak to me again – so she can avoid the death and destruction of town and the graveyard meadow that used to be so beautiful. Across the street, Sae shuffles onto the porch. There is a slight smile ghosting across her lips. "She's gone hunting," she says as she makes her way to the end of the porch to glance at the bushes I planted. She nods approvingly and begins to make her way over to me. "Come to breakfast tomorrow, Peeta. Bring bread. Supplies will be waiting for you shortly." I can't help but smile at the request. "Of course. But, do you think she'll…" Sae stops me with the wave of her hand. "Sweet boy, this is the first time she's moved in months. The first time she's spoken to me in just as many. I don't think she'll mind you coming for breakfast at all." I sigh looking back down the path towards her exit, but she is no longer visible. "Ok. If you think it will be fine, then I would love to join you for breakfast." "Oh, it will be more than fine child…more than fine." I turn to go inside when I hear her clear her throat. "But, Peeta…take a bath first." She cackles softly to herself as she turns and heads back towards town leaving me standing in my open doorway with the most genuine smile I've worn in what feels like years.