can do the charismatic, strong, good looking angle. The Odair path. Aim for a high score, maybe a ten if we're lucky." Blight says, his eyes passing over Oak's bulging biceps. "I can get a twelve!" Oak replies indignantly. "Hold your horses, Modesty, we haven't watched The Reaping's yet, wait till you see the Careers before you get cocky." Blight laughs and takes another sip of his drink. The Careers, kids who have been training their entire lives for this. We will have three days. "Any news on the Cresta girl?" Cynthia asks, looking at Eloise. "Is she mentoring?" "No, she's observing I think, until they sort her medication out." Again I remember the moment when Annie Cresta, last year's Victor from District Four, seemed to lose her mind in front of the whole of Panem. "What about you, Johanna?" Cynthia asks, looking at me like I might burst into tears at any moment. "I'm fifteen but…I…I'm not sure I'll be any good at anything." I reply, pinching my leg again to allow my eyes to fill with tears. "I know you, aren't you the one whose father went nuts?" Oak asks, as casually as if he was asking about the weather. "Yes, he was my father." I reply, trying to suppress the memories. I hear my brother's scream as close as if he is sitting next to me, I'm sure my face pales but no one comments on it. "Mason…Mason…Mad-axe-Mason, I remember." Blight says, clearly trying to locate a memory. Cynthia gasps and takes a large gulp of her drink, I pick up my own glass and take a sip of a wine that tastes like honey. Eloise leans forward, clearly eager to be let into the secret. "What? What happened?" I want to reply coldly but I manage to make my voice sound vulnerable. "My father killed my mother and my little brother when I was eight, I hid in the trees to escape. He killed himself in the end." I don't add that he hung himself from the tree that I was hiding in, the gasp from Eloise tells me it's not needed, that the story is horrific enough without that. "We can use that!" She says, picking up her notebook again as if I've just declared that I can kill people with superpowers. "Do you have any family left now?" Cynthia asks, her voice soft. I shake my head and the tears fall. The act and my actual emotions mingle with the tears. "A survivor, maybe a seven, see how the training goes." Blight says, I nod but instead I'm trying to think of ways to lower my score even further, I'll have to do something drastic. "Can you use weapons?" He asks, I shake my head. He doesn't need to know I can throw an axe with such accuracy that I can decapitate a raccoon at over a hundred metres. I hate to use them, remembering my mother's scream when she was murdered, but Grandpa and I still need to eat and he taught me how to handle an axe even though I know he hated doing it. Perhaps he remembered teaching his son, not knowing that he would one day try kill his whole family. The rest of the meal passes quickly and then we move to the sofas and watch The Reaping's. The Careers look huge and lethal. The male tribute from Six is only twelve. The tributes from Ten are cousins, odds not in that families favour. My Grandpa always said that The Reaping's were staged, perhaps he was a rebel and that is why I have been chosen. The kids from Twelve look like they've never had a decent meal in their lives, their escort seems to deflate with disappointment. Their only mentor is asleep during the entire event. "Excellent, well we'll be in the Capital in the morning, get a good night sleep, you'll need it when you meet you're stylists! Chop-chop, let the grownups talk!" We are literally shoo-ed out by Eloise. I don't say goodnight to Oak, I don't even look at him. I slip into a comfy-looking pair of pyjamas and then walk into the bathroom and brush my teeth. My face is swollen and red, I splash cold water on it and then walk back into my room and sink under the covers. It's a huge bed, it could easily fit three people in it. The sheets are so soft and so unfamiliar. My blanket at home is a patchwork quilt that my mother made for me. I wonder what will happen to everything in Grandpa's house. Will Acacia think to collect things for me or is she just relieved that she won't have to watch Grandpa die? Sleep doesn't come easy, my dreams are full of my parents and Grandpa, I have to kill them all with an axe, Oak tells me that he'll do it if I won't. I wake screaming and Cynthia appears into my room and runs over to me, for a women who must be at least seventy she moves pretty quick. "It's alright, dear." She says, hugging me, my first thought is to push her off but then I relax because I've not been hugged by a woman for such a long time, not since my mother put me to bed on the night that everything changed. "Sshh, it's alright." She soothes. "It's not…He's dead!" I splutter, she rubs my back. "If you win we'll be your family, if you don't you'll be with him again, and your mother. Just relax, here's some sleep syrup, you'll need your energy for the makeover, trust me." I nod and pull away, she passes me the syrup and I knock it back, she tucks me in and the thought of it makes me cry again, until the syrup drags me under. A/N I've had this story in my head for a while, let me know what you think. It will be updated weekly.