a bakery meant you got the occasional burn scar. All of these things had the probability of being true and no one ever questioned her, but whispered rumors were still murmured about how she ruled her home with an iron fist and was never afraid to bring that fist down on one of her sons. Peeta smiled at her expression, a throaty chuckle escaping. "Trust me, Katniss. She wouldn't mind. She would welcome it probably. I bet no one has even been out here since she left." "I trust you." The words left her without hesitation and she clamped her mouth closed, sitting back in her seat. She barely knew him, but just being with him made her feel safer than she had felt in so long. He steered the Jeep down the bumpy path, past a shuttered, forgotten two story white house with a wrap around porch, past an old clapboard work shed and into the trees. She rolled the window down letting the smell of the woods envelope her. She hadn't visited the woods much, not since her parents died. It was the special place her father took her. Where he taught her about silence, stealth and patience. Beneath the canopy of leaves she felt like she could breathe again, and she did, taking in a deep, cleansing breath and letting it out slowly. She closed her eyes, blocking out everything, all of the pain and the loneliness, all of the mistakes she had made and everything she had given up or lost. It was all gone until there was nothing left but her and the trees. The Jeep rolled to a slow stop and she opened her eyes. They were parked on the bank of a beautiful lake. The water rippled and shimmered in the moonlight. Without thinking, she opened the car door and stepped out onto the soft ground. She found some large, flat rocks near the water's edge and sat down. Peeta joined her. They were silent for awhile, enjoying the warm summer air, the water's sparkling surface and the closeness of each other. "This is…I don't even have words to describe it. Thank you, Peeta," she whispered. She turned to look at him and he was watching her so carefully, studying her almost and she could tell he was paying attention to everything. He was seeing all of the little details, all the flaws and imperfections. It would be unnerving if it were someone else, but strangely, with him it had the opposite effect. It calmed her and grounded her to the moment. "Beautiful," he murmured before catching himself and turning away. Even in the darkness, she could see the color flooding his light skin. "I remember," he began, staring out at the lake, "the first time I saw you. Your hair was in two braids instead of one and you were wearing this red plaid dress. You stuck out to me because you didn't look like anyone in my family. We were all blonde with blue eyes and fair skin and you were dark in the loveliest way. I remember you looked right at me and even at that young age, I was transfixed by your eyes. I had never seen that color before. Then, you sang and I was sure you were an angel. I ran home to tell my parents and my brothers that I had seen an angel and they laughed at me. My mother, she…punished me for making up stories and lying." He paused, turning to look at her. His eyes shone with emotion and a little sheepishness. "I hope you don't think I'm creepy. I just needed to tell you that I remember you. You are the first thing I remember seeing and being struck by it's beauty and I wanted to share this," he gestured to the lake, "with you because it's beautiful too." She didn't know what to say. She wanted to protest and tell him she wasn't beautiful, but doing that would ruin this moment, ruin the truth that he had just laid bare to her. The only thing she could think of to say was, "Thank you." She was thankful for the moment, thankful for the spectacular lake and the drive through the trees, thankful for the serenity he offered and for making her feel as beautiful as his description. With a deep sigh, he rose to his feet, reaching out a hand to her. "We should probably go." She nodded in agreement, reaching for his hand and gasping at the spark of electricity that coursed through her at his touch. Walking back to the Jeep with her hand clasped firmly in his, she had the sudden urge to grab him and pull his lips to hers. To take him back to her small apartment and have her way with him, only to dismiss him in the morning like she always did. But, underneath that urge she felt another desire growing, a deeper and more meaningful longing. She wanted to do something she hadn't done before. She wanted to take her time and watch and wait. She wanted to see how this would unfold. She wanted to feel the hunger, the want to have him, until it set her on fire. And, then, if he felt it too, they could burn together and maybe light up each other's worlds. Side note: The menu items featured are real items located at Tap, a gastropub in Atlanta, GA. I live in the area and have eaten there...it's delicious :). I added that the characters live in a town that is used for filming a popular television show and this will be more prominent in future chapters. I personally live very close to where they film a majority of the scenes for The Walking Dead, so I'm using that experience as inspiration. Thank you so much for reading! I hope you are loving this as much as I am. I apologize for any typos or mistakes :)