I open my closet and pick out a nice white knee-long dress which is slightly ruffled at the end and near the collar. After I put it on I glance at myself in the mirror. My red curly hair forms a great contrast to the white fabric and I like it. I try to tame my wild hair with a bit of water and then let it flow nicely down my back, pinning it with a few bobby pins. I inspect my face, I never wear any make up. In fact I hate it because it's something Capitol people put on. I sigh as I remember my mum telling me that I would be gorgeous with it. She used to wear a bit of it and she was absolutely stunning with or without it. I have her eyes, that's what everyone says. They were quite unique and I'm glad I inherited them. They are a mix of green and light brown. Sometimes one color dominates the other but it depends on the light. I leave the house without another word to aunt Kellis. I wait for Mari outside of her house and soon enough she comes out and attacks me with a hug. "Finn!" she squeals. I swear it's like this girl is happy 24/7. I smile a bit. "Hey Mari" I saw that she was dressed in a frilly pink and white dress and some glittery pink boots. The pink of her dress matched her bubblegum pink her perfectly. Some people find Mari's style odd and weird but I like how she's just being herself. Mari is a Capitol girl, but she moved here with her mum a few years back. And I know I hate every single thing related to the Capitol, but Mari is my best friend. I don't even care that she's from the Capitol, I care about her with all my heart. And she's actually more like a District girl than most girls here. Like me, she hates the games. "So, Byrna's volunteering huh" Mari says as she loops her arm in mine and starts walking. "I heard, that dummy" Mari laughed at my response. Soon enough, we arrived at the square which was already crowded with people. We had our blood marked and then we got in line with the other seventeen year old girls. The district escort walks on stage smiling at us. "Welcome ladies and gentlemen, to the 90th Hunger Games" she gushes. "And now a special film brought to you all the way from the Capitol" she says backing away from the screen so we can see. No one's really watching though, everyone knows this crap by heart now. "Let's see who our lucky lady is" Levya beams after the film finishes. It doesn't actually matter because in a few seconds Byrna is gonna volunteer. Levya is unaware of that so she digs her hand into the bowl full of papers. She picks one and unfolds it. "Phoenix Quill" she says. It echoes in my mind a few times before I realize she's called my name. I blink and search the crowd for Byrna who will volunteer any second now. But the seconds pass and Byrna stays silent. "Phoenix honey, please come up here" I hear Levya say. No. This isn't supposed to happen. I hear the murmurs rise around me and realize it's not gonna happen, she's not gonna volunteer. I look around me irritated one more time before I walk up to the stage confidently. Or at least that's what I'm trying to look like. Take it easy Finn. I breathe out slowly scanning the crown before me and seeing a pale Byrna in the front row. She looks as if she's gonna throw up. I can't believe she chickened out at the last moment. Ugh. I'm trying my best not to look scared as Levya clears her throat. "Moving on to the boys" she says but before she could step away someone volunteers. "Fantastic" He walks up to the stage and recognize Regal. Great, I'm going in these games with some lunatic who willingly entered them. He introduces himself and we shake hands. I scold him and he looks confused. Well pretty boy I'm not gonna go down that easily. I wink at him before we're taken away into the Justice Building. Time for the goodbyes. Mari enters the room shakily. "Hey Finn" she whispers. I pat the space on the sofa next to me and she sits down. She sighs and looks at me frightened. "Mari I'm gonna be fine. You know I was trained when I was a kid, I can do this" I say trying to convince the both of us. She looks at me again before hugging me tightly. "This is for you, would you please keep it as your token?" She asks handing me a silver necklace. It has three small charms on it, a pink heart, a yellow flower and a light green dove. "Of course, it's beautiful. Thank you Mari" I say hugging her back. Her shoulders are shaking a bit and I try to rub her back in comfort. Before we know it it's time for Mari to leave. The peacekeeper guides her out as she wishes me good luck. Once the door closes I close my eyes. I was not gonna die, I couldn't die because of the Capitol. Both of my parents died because of the Capitol and I was not gonna let the same thing happen to me. I will come back, for my parents and for Mari who was the closest I had left to family. Thinking about family I realized that aunt Kellis hadn't come to see me. Not that I wanted her to. I'm glad she didn't come. And when I come back as a victor I'll pretend like I don't even know her. Hope you liked that! Feedback will be very much appreciated so please tell my what you think (: xx Senna