turning to face the doorway Haymitch felt like time slowed. That couldn't be right! His grey eyes drank in the sight before him: blue eyes wide in her own shock; blond hair cut short, shorter than he's ever seen her wear; thin body noticeable only to him, even wrapped up in clothes that were far more simple than he'd ever seen her wear. It was still her . Where time had slowed a moment before it felt like it suddenly skipped; one moment they were staring at each other across the room, the next he held her in his arms. Haymitch couldn't tell you who moved to whom, but he had her in his arms. That's all that mattered to him. He buried his noise in her neck and his senses were flooded by her smell. The florally sent that was her. He could feel her breath on his neck. Her voice ghosting the sound of his name, in that way only she would ever say it She was alive ! He couldn't believe it. Pulling back he ran his fingers over her face; her cheeks; her nose; her lips. The vision of her before him blurred. Blinking repeatedly and quickly didn't help and he refused to admit to the lump he could feel growing at the back his throat. He wasn't on the brink of crying; there was just something in his throat and the room was blurry. Yeah that's what it was. "Effie," he chocked out, relief like he'd never known coursing through him. Her lips stretched into a smile under his fingers and he couldn't take it any longer. Leaning in he captured her lips. An instant was all it took for her to respond him. Her sigh was even sweeter than he'd remembered and for the first time in over a year he felt alive all the way into his soul; his very being. Her hands came up to run through his hair and Haymitch dropped his hands to her waist; he pulled her as close to his body as he could. Familiar desire coursed through his veins; her body could affect him in a way no other could. "This is like watching your parents make out," Han's exclamation broke through Haymitch's daze. He pulled back from Effie and glared at the three at the table; two grinning back and one looking slightly disgusted. Chewie made a series of growls at his long time friend and Han paused at the comment. "I guess that's a fair statement. I don't know how Luke put up with us Princess." "Because I only have one sister and I can sense how happy you make her," a new voice threw in from just this side of the curtain. "Just like how I can sense this child will be a powerful Force-user." "Luke, you made it," Liea greeted the new comer warmly. "Yeah, I found the perfect place! And, thanks to some administrator genius," the new guy threw a charming smile at Effie that Haymitch didn't like the look of, "I have spoken to a few people and will have more than enough to secure finical backing. I should have the Academy open by the end of the year!" "Oh Luke that's wonderful!" "Well done Luke!" "Congratulations Buddy!" Effie stepped away from Haymitch and hugged the dirty blond guy. Haymitch felt something ugly stir in him. The guy looked up from Effie's shoulder, and Haymitch could see a pain hidden in his eyes, but there was also a light, an undisturbed innocence that Haymitch had never had. He couldn't compete with something like that. "You must be Haymitch Abernathy," the man said offering his hand. "I've heard so much about you I feel like I already know you." A bit reluctantly Haymitch shook his hand. Effie returned to his side and slid her hand into his. His shoulders relaxed and the ugly thing that had clenched in his stomach lessened at her gesture. "Haymitch this is Luke Skywalker, he found and save me," Effie introduced them. "With Han and Chewie," the blond quickly added. Haymitch looked over at his old friend and saw him nod to his silent question. Effie was the woman from the story earlier. "Well, thank you ." Haymitch began his voice slightly gruff. "I don't think I can express how much it means to me to find out she's alive." "We did try to contact you. That is to say; we informed Ambassador Heavensbee to try and contact you," Liea added still seat at the table. "Plutarch knows? How long?" Haymitch pressed. "Five months," Luke answered looking between his sister and friends nonchalantly. A look of thunder crossed his face. "Excuse, I have to go punch Ambassador Heavensbee in the face." "Hey, hey, hey," Han called quickly blocking Haymitch's path to the larger room. "You said so yourself, you stopped taking his call months ago!" "And he probably knows the same thing I do," Liea commented. "That informing you would mean having to find another advisor as brilliant as Effie. And that isn't really possible, given the current state of affairs." "You exaggerate my influence. I don't so that much," Effie dismissed. "Sweetheart, I don't pay attention to politics, as a rule, but even I know you're in high demand," Han threw in. Chewie growled something that had Effie blushing. "Thank you Chewie, but I think it's a bit early to say all my future prospects and plans." "Is it?" "I wouldn't want to presume Haymitch. It's been over a year." "I've been in a hellish haze for that time; I'm more than ready to come out of it," Haymitch stated looking directly into her eyes. "Besides, Peeta has been asking after you." "He's a good boy. I've missed him, and Katniss." Effie sighed wistfully. "I guess that means I'm retiring from public life." The two shared an excited grin. "I'm ready to see them. Take me home Haymitch." Home. Yeah home with her sounded very good.