the Hospital Wing and Katniss was quick to go there herself to check after the kid." "Goo-" she slurred as she fell into the darkness, her head lolling. Before she could, her head forced up again. This time when she opened her eyes she was looking into concerned green eyes. It took her a moment to recognise them; Professor McGonagall. "No going to sleep just yet Miss Trinket," the tone was stern, but Effie could hear the mix of concern and pride. "I need to make sure you're not concussed or suffering any other trauma first." Effie felt the gentle ripple of magic travel over her body from McGonagall's diagnosis spell. The feel of magic contacting her strained, sensitive nerves and magic core made Effie whimper. "Okay, child you may rest," she heard her say softly. "Do you want to levitate her or shall I Abernathy?" "No!" Effie felt arms pull her closer. "No, I've got her Professor." The familiar smell of generic soap and something she knew to be just Haymitch wrapped comfortingly around her and she slipped into the waiting darkness. She felt secure in the thought that Haymitch would be looking out for her. #hayffieweek #effietrinket #haymitchabernathy #au #hg #hp #hogwarts The next time Effie opened her eyes it was to raised voices coming from her bed side. "If you don't go and get some rest Mr Abernathy, I will ban you from the Hospital Wing," Madam Pomfrey cried an air of being frazzled about her. "Just try!" he yelled back. Effie thought he looked horrible. Haymitch never gave much care to his hair or general appearance, but he looked even more ragged and worn down than normal. His hair looked like it hadn't seen either a shower or even a brush for days. "Effie, you're awake," a voice next to her softly called. Turning she saw the relieved eyes of Prim watching her from her own bed. The young girl still had a bandage on her arm, but she was smiling and looked happy. Between their two beds sat Katniss and Peeta, both looked relieved to see her awake. "Hey," she greeted them all faintly. She looked back to Haymitch and saw him watching her back. They managed to smile weakly at each other. "Took you long enough to wake up Princess," Haymitch said gruffly. "Always have to do things on your terms, don't you?" She tried to sit up by herself, but her body screamed at her in protest at the motion. Almost instantly Haymitch was beside her helping her. When he moved back, she felt an awkwardness settle between them. "Judging by your smell I have been out for two days," she retorted, trying to return to them to their teasing. "It would be nice if you bothered to look after yourself, without prompting." "I've spent the two days making sure you wouldn't wake alone, and this is the thanks I get?" His eyes shone with silent amusement at her words. But she could also see a large level of genuine annoyance in them too. "What thanks did you want?" she asked. "Probably a kiss," Peeta said with a laugh. "Yeah!" Prim joined in. "Kissy-kissy." Effie was surprised to see a flush cross the Slytherin's cheeks. The two Hufflepuffs continued to laugh and made kissing motions to them, while the Gryffindor girl looked embarrassed at the very thought. "That's enough of that," Pomfrey called, bringing order back to her Infirmary. "Miss Everdeen and Mr Mellark your visiting time is over; young Miss Everdeen needs her rest." With a wave of her wand the Matron returned the privacy screen between Effie and Prim's beds. "And you Mr Abernathy have been loitering in here long enough. I will give you 10 minuets with Miss Trinket before I want you out of here. She may be awake, but she still needs peace and rest. And so do you for that matter." Next things Effie knew the two of them were left alone. There must have been a privacy charm attached to the screens because Peeta and Katniss's farewell to Prim was muffled. She patted the spot on the bed beside her hip and rather than take in invitation he played with her hand instead. Effie smiled at his odd gesture. "Did you really spend the last two days here?" she asked. "Three actually." "Why?" "I've never been that scared or angry in all my life. When I heard you scream from the cruse…" His eyes were unfocused and he looked haunted. "I felt ready to kill Snow. If McGonagall wasn't there, I think I would have." Effie gave his hand a squeeze and pulled him closer to the bed. "Why were you even there?" "I was talking with Chaff on the lawn when Peeta came up carrying Prim and heard him explain it to McGonagall in the Entrance Hall." He sat on the bed and focused on their joined hands. "My heart lurched when he mentioned you were there. I didn't even think, I just ran." "Why?" He looked into her eyes and Effie thought she was going to drown in his grey eyes. "Do I have to say it?" "No, but it would be nice." Haymitch cupped her cheek and kept his eyes locked with hers. "I care about you Effie." His thumb ran along her cheek gently. " A lot . A lot more than someone like me ever should for someone like you." Effie'd had many kisses in her life. Good ones, bad ones, sloppy ones, sweet ones, even boring ones; but she'd never had a kiss like this. This one changed everything. Haymitch's lips on hers felt so right. In that instant she knew she would love him all her life and no one would ever come close to him again. Being with Haymitch wouldn't be easy. But being without him would be impossible. Please let me know what you think. Did I get boring with the details I felt compelled to explain?