can. Pizza, very healthy." And he breaks out into a truly genuine grin and his arms are suddenly wrapped around her, pulling her close to him. "So you want to stay then?" she confirms, her face pressed into his shoulder inhaling cinnamon and nutmeg and Peeta . She thinks she hears him whisper almost as a refrain into her hair something along the lines of "always, Katniss." … 12 Months Later "Are you feeling better?" A cheery voice sing-songs from the kitchen. "I'm fine, Peeta," she grumbles from the coach. Where she sits wearing a dopey sweater. With prancing reindeer and snowflakes, She's strategically tucked in under a blanket with hot chocolate in one hand and a thermometer in the other. She groans as he comes out carrying a large bowl of soup—today's sweater decked in gingerbread men and Christmas trees worn completely without irony. He places the bowl on the coffee table and sits next to her placing a hand on her neck feeling for a high temperature that didn't exist. Years of being on her own hadn't prepared her for Peeta. Sometimes he just coddled her. It was suffocating. It was too much. And it was okay . (Sometimes he needed to take care of her, because it helped him. And sometimes she needed his arms around her the whole night to shake off the nightmares. And sometimes he needed her to help walk him through a daze of anger and confusion. And sometimes they would sit alone in silence while he painted and she read but they just couldn't leave the house.) Katniss tries another strategy. She plops down her mug and pulls of the blanket. She leans in to speak clearly into his ear. "I'm fine, Peeta. Actually—I'm more than fine. In fact I feel so good, I would rather do some other stuff ." "Other stuff." Never say Katniss Everdeen wasn't a seductress. An eloquent seductress. But it works for Peeta Mellark who lets out a soft moan she takes advantage of as she pulls him by his stupid sweater—practically his uniform since December 1st—and meshes his mouth to hers. She smiles against his lips. What a difference a year makes. It starts slowly but quickly moves towards frantic as he deepens the kiss, her fingers working up the hem of his sweater. Katniss grins victorious as she manages get him to remove the offending garment, rewarded as she spread her hands over an expanse of defined shoulders, firm muscles, and warmth. She pulls apart to stroke his face teasing, "Uh oh, now you've gotten sick too." "We'll get through it. Together," he laughs moving to tug off her leggings. She sighs as she feels familiar heated kisses up her leg, his hands caressing her inner thighs before gently working off her underwear. Her eyes close tightly as she feels the first touch of his tongue followed by another then deep rhythmic strokes followed by a swipe that causes her to grasp on to his curls to hold him in place until her breathing hitches and she whimpers his name. Buzzing she opens her eyes to see Peeta balanced on his forearms over her, wearing a very pleased expression. He pushes stray strands of hair out of her face, his eyes so full of adoration that she feels tears build in hers. She holds him tightly against her, reveling in the weight and security and anticipation of further pleasure. Peeta presses a firm kiss to her forehead, before tracing her jaw with his lips. "As much as I love that sweater of yours, I know I'd love taking it off more." She lets out a small groan disapproval at his cheesy lines, but as his hand creeps up underneath the material and his thumb grazes a taut peak it turns into one in appreciation of his ministrations. "Mmmmm. Yes, please ." … A Christmas tree sits in the corner of the room, dressed in white lights and delicate ornament. He understands this time of year was hard for her so the decorations are toned down, but she remembers when he admitted that Christmas was his father's favorite holiday and the only time his family felt together and happy and she knew she could never deny him this. Underneath the tree sit a handful of present in gift bags . And on the shelf, currently draped in garlands of pine, sit pictures of their families. When she moved in a few months after Peeta got his new apartment, the first thing he shyly pointed out that he made space on the shelf on top of the fireplace for her if she would like it. The shelf where he placed photos of his brothers at soccer games, and his father in the bakery, and even his mother dressed for a fundraiser. And so she placed a frame with a photo of Prim smiling brightly waving flowers at the camera. And another of her at five wearing two braids in the woods with her father as he beams down at her. The pain never disappears, but the constant dull ache lessens over time. And a little while later he added a photo of the two of them at a carnival, him proudly brandishing the child-sized bear she won him. And another last month of him with his arms wrapped tightly around her at Delly's Halloween party. There are good moments (good days and weeks even.) Good moments like this, right now as they're huddled on the couch freshly showered and wearing dorky fleece pajamas watching a bad Christmas special much in need of their narration skills. "I love you, so much," he murmurs as he presses a kiss to her forehead. He moves to pick up a tray from the coffee table and offers her the most perfectly intricate—take that, Martha Stewart—cookies on earth. She smiles as she takes the one shaped like little girl with two black braids dressed in a red coat. "I love you too."