silence was broken by Dionysius's laugh that echoed in the silent kitchen. Soon Peeta, who was dry as a bone in the corner, joined him. Effie had to bite her bottom lip to not join them. "Alright enough!" she called, silencing the two laughing boys. "Lysa I want you to mop up this mess, and then dry your dress off outside. Haymitch," she had to bite her lip again looking at him, "go upstairs and change, then you can finish off what Lysa hasn't done." Without complaint they both quickly went to do as directed. "I'll help you Lysa," Dionysius offered to his sister following her. "Then you can help me check up on the geese." "Thanks Dion!" As soon as she was left alone with Peeta, Effie burst out laughing. "Who did start it?" she asked once she caught her breath. "It's hard to say. Haymitch did put a lot of suds in Lysa's hair, but she was dropping dishes into the sink so they'd splash him. It soon escalated after the last dish was washed," Peeta explained. Her two young charges were back and making quick work of mopping up the kitchen floor. "What am I to do with them?" "Love them," Peeta suggested, smiling brightly. Effie gave a mock exasperated sigh. "I guess." Peeta laughed and pulled her into a hug. "It's good to see you. It's been nearly three months this time." "Things couldn't be helped," she smiled tightly. "You're not working in the bakery today?" "There was an issue with two of the ovens. I've got someone looking at them today; I'll be back in tomorrow." "All done!" Lysandra called brightly. "Can we go out now?" Effie nodded, and the two children rushed to the back door. All Dionysius's enthusiasm had returned, and that made Effie smile. "How much longer till Katniss is back from the woods?" he asked the young man standing in the kitchen. "She should be back now. I'll go see if she's home. If she's not, I'll take you both to the woods edge to find her," he offered, casting a side glance to Effie. She nodded her agreement to his offer. "Cool!" Dionysius exclaimed, opening the door for both himself and his sister. They disappeared out into the yard, Peeta following them, and Effie could hear the geese honking at their approach. She put away the dishes and then stood by the window watching the two brown haired children take care of Haymitch's pests. Sorry, pets. A pair of arms snaked around her waist pulling her back to his chest. She grinned as a series of kisses were rained on her neck and she gave a hum of appreciation. "Dion seems happier," Haymitch noted. "We had a chat upstairs while you were having your water fight." She turned in his arms and faced him. "I told him about the migration application." "Ah. Peeta suspects something, but I haven't told him anything. You still want to wait to tell the others, yeah?" She nodded. Haymitch chuckled. "What?" "You've got your mama bear look in your eyes. I feel sorry for who ever had a part in Dion's slump this morning." "Mama bear?" "There is nothing more dangerous in nature than a mother bear whose cub is threatened. And someone's hurt one of your cubs." Effie felt her cheeks flush. "Oh, because you're indifferent to what happens to them?" Haymitch shrugged. "People expect it with me. I've been known to lash out to protect my own. It's always entertaining watching people discover the steel you normally hide." He kissed her nose. "You need my help breaking any noses? You know I love punching guys." Effie laughed. "I'll handle it. But I'm sure some boys' time won't go astray this weekend." Haymitch nodded. "I'll get him to help me with a water tank project I've been looking into." Effie kissed him. "Thank you." He shrugged. "They're under my roof; my protection." "They're your own," she whispered. He looked past her out the window and she saw the protective steel enter his eyes. He didn't say anything but nodded once. Effie felt her heart race at the look. "I love you," she whispered. His eyes immediately met hers. She had to fight a chuckle. He still looked at her surprised when she said it to him. She could see the fight in his eyes. He wanted to say it back; she could see it in both his eyes and actions, but the words always got stuck in his throat. She pecked him on the lips. She didn't need him to say it. "Let's join them outside. It's warming up to be a beautiful day. I can't wait for summer to fully hit," she said pulling him to the backdoor. "And just think, we should be living here by then." Haymitch chuckled. "Then you'll be complaining about the heat. At least in winter I can start a fire for you." "Oh stop it. In summer I won't mind if you have a water fight; as long as you don't have it in my kitchen." "It's my house! That means it's my kitchen." Effie laughed. "I'll call it that when you do more than re-heat something in it." "I made toast this morning," he protested. "From Peeta's bread," she easily countered. He playfully growled at her as he opened the back door. "Uncle Mitch you didn't tell us the goslings had hatched!" Dionysius called. Effie watched him go and talk to her nephew about the young his geese now had. This was as much their home as his. This was where they called home; where they felt safest. This was where they belonged. (-") `\_('-')_/` ("-) AN- Please review and let me know what you think. Also let me know if you feel anything is too OOC. How can I grow and learn without some pointers or corrections? But please no flames, I'm still getting a good feel for 'the Hunger Games' universe. Thanks for reading.