trip again," he smirks as he follows me out into the lobby with his hand still on my back to keep my balance. "Thank you." "I'll be seeing you, Katniss Everdeen," he tells me before he disappears into his office and closes the doors behind him. I'll be seeing you. What does that mean? When will he be seeing me? I give Meredith Prim's cell phone number for the proper information for the photos. And when she asks for my own cell phone number, I give it to her without much thought. Prim is awake and lounging on the couch when I get home. She looks only a fraction better than she did this morning, but at least she got up and moved around a bit. We smile at each other, no need for any further greetings. I make sure I graze her forehead with the back of my hand to take her temperature before making my way into the kitchen. I'm surprised to see my mom sitting at the small table, looking over mail, probably bills. "I thought you were working a double today," I say as I reach to grab a cup from the top shelf of the cupboard. "I'm working first and third that way I can catch a nap between. I was going to just sleep at the hospital but Prim called asking to bring her stronger medicine that way she can go back to school tomorrow." I nod my head as I sip the water from my glass. It's awkward being around my mom. We have nothing in common to talk about, nothing but Prim, and there is only so much we can talk about when it comes to her. I always favored my dad. It's probably because I'm the female duplicate of him. I got his olive skin, dark brown hair, steel colored eyes, and love for the great outdoors. Before he passed, my dad taught me how to shoot a bow and how to aim to be able to shoot squirrels and birds right through the eye and larger game straight in the heart. I never miss a target. Never. I walk back into the living room. Prim is sitting up, waiting for me. "How was he? Did you ask all the questions? Did he say yes to the photo shoot? You were nice and polite right? I know you don't mean to but sometimes you do come off a bit frigid." I give off a small laugh and pull Prim into my side. I wish she was still the young and tiny little girl that I still see when I look at her, but she's already eighteen and graduating high school in a month. We're the same size now; actually I think she's taller. "Mr. Mellark was very polite. He didn't even laugh when I fell through the office doors." "Oh no, Katniss you didn't!" I nodded my head. "I'm afraid I did. I knew I shouldn't have worn those god forsaken death traps." "They aren't death traps, Katniss. You just walk like a baby gazelle in them." "Shut up. Anyways, I asked all of the questions and have them recorded. And since I'm the best sister in the world, I asked if he was willing to have his photo taken for the yearbook and he agreed so I gave his assistant, Meredith, both of our numbers. So expect a call from her or anyone else working for Mellark Enterprises in the next couple days." "You are the best. Thank you." "You're welcome. Don't ask me to go interview him again though, it's slightly intimidating." "Really Katniss, you think anyone who makes eye contact with you is intimidating." A few days go by before Prim announces that Meredith called and set up a time to take a few head shots of Peeta Mellark. She immediately roped in her boyfriend, Rory and his brother Gale, my best friend, into helping. Gale made a side job of taking photos of landscapes and selling them in high school and throughout high school. He doesn't do it much now, but that doesn't stop him from carrying his camera everywhere he goes. Rory picked it up from joining the yearbook committee in an attempt to get closer to Prim. It's the night before the shoot when I get a call from an unfamiliar number. "Hello?" I answer. "Katniss Everdeen?" the smooth female asks on the other end of the line. "Speaking." "This is Meredith from Mellark Enterprises." "Yes, Mr. Mellark's assistant." "Correct. I was just calling to tell you that Mr. Mellark requests your presence tomorrow." "What?" I ask dumbfounded. "Why?" "Mr. Mellark didn't give me a reason. I was just told to inform you to be at Hotel 1000 at noon. Thank you, have a nice night." She didn't give me enough time to decline before she hung the phone up and I'm stuck listening to the dial tone. With a look of confusion I head into Prim's room. She's busy picking out an outfit to wear for tomorrow's big event that I am now a part of. "Mr. Mellark's assistant just called me to inform me that I would be expected to show up tomorrow. Why would Mr. Mellark want me there, I'm not needed." Prim shrugged her shoulders. "Maybe he'd feel more comfortable having someone whose face he already knows rather than just three strangers. Or he might like you." "What? Where did that come from?" "I listened to the recording. He seemed interested." Prim laughs, "Seattle's Most Eligible Bachelor is interested in my sister. No wonder he's single." I narrow my eyes at my younger sister and she just gives me her best smile before turning her attention back to her closet. She pulls a few things out of it and throws them at me. "Wear this." I look down at the pair of dark washed skinny jeans and a cream colored cable knit sweater. God, tomorrow was going to be a nightmare.