I hear he ices them with dandelions and it brings a small smile to my lips, a dandelion, a sign of hope, hope for me? Hope I might get better? Better, no I don't think so, he's so high now on a different plan, how could he save me from the dark realms I'm in? I find some rope and tie knots in it just like Finnick taught me, Finnick; his image flashes across my mind, a smiling and carefree Finnick, his laugh and his jokes but I think the best I saw of him was when he held Annie in his arms, that look of love, that look that they were together at last. I snap out of it and return to my knots, I don't tell Sae but I grow impatient and frustrated as I hear it… buzz, buzz, whir, whir, why can't she hear it! It's somewhere in here, I look around as I bite my nails and skin to the point of bleeding but I don't care. I decide to take a short nap and run upstairs to my bedroom, slamming the door, I shut my eyes and breathe in and out, in and out. I hop into bed, nestled under the covers, I hear Sae and Haymitch joking outside my bedroom window about his geese and how they have nipped him on his butt, I close my eyes and will myself not to dream, before I shut my eyes I take out the necklace I have around my neck and hold it between my fingers, the pearl Peeta gave me, I clasp it tightly willing myself not to dream and though Peeta wasn't by my side to hold the demons away, maybe his pearl could. I wake a couple of hours later and its 5:30pm, the night is coming and I can smell freshly cooked stew on the air. I stretch my body feeling the kinks come out, I take myself down the stairs before squinting my eyes from the bright light that hits me as I leave the darkness of my room. I feel exhausted as I didn't get any rest from my sleep, it felt broken and as if it didn't nothing for me, I enter the kitchen to find Sae at the stove cooking ladling out the stew into bowls for herself and me and putting steamed rice into the bowl, my stomach growls at the scent as I do not deny how appealing it is, she smiles as we sit and eat in silence, I recognizing the bread she has served as I smell the rosemary and fresh herbs, Peeta's bread, how it smells soo good. I dip it into the stew and eat it up lapping up the sauce, we sit a comfortable silence while we eat how can she not hear it? I wonder, after we finish our meal I make my way to the lounge room and sit in front of the fire, I hear her clean up while I look at the fire, the oranges and reds, the flames how they dance and move, how so warm and so comforting yet so lethal and dangerous. I sit in silence as I hear the whirs and buzzing and want to scream but in keep it inside….only till Sae leaves, I don't know how long I can take of this, I shut my eyes trying to keep the noise out but silently I am searching and listening for the source. As I sit in silence, I hear noises coming outside, laughter, but not just any laughter Peeta's laughter! I pull the blinds and peer out seeing Peeta and Delly laughing, she pulls a bit of her hair behind her ear, they're joking and laughing, I envy her as I watch her, what's NOT to like, her voluptuous body, her perky personality, her dress, I will never be that, no, she's perfect for Peeta, perfect, something I will never be. I watch him through the blinds and he jokes and laughs, smiling, I have not seen that smile for soo long, he indicates to her that he has to get back inside and they both part but not before embracing each other, he enters the warmth of his house. I close the blinds and continue to look at the fire, Sae puts on her coat and kisses me on the head. "Don't stay up too late, I made you a light snack ok? I'll see you tomorrow" She goes to leave before I say thank you. I sit looking at the fire before I decide, it doesn't take long, it doesn't even seem obscure, it seems somewhat fitting. I get up to pack my belongings, only things that matter, I pack the belongings of Prim into a suitcase and collect that mop of a cat Buttercup, it's night and I walk outside my house with the suitcases and Buttercup, I walk to Haymitche's knowing they will be safe there and my belongings. I walk back in the calm of the night in the fresh, crisp air stepping confidently back into my house, not really my house, the house that the Capitol built and that's when I decide while looking at the fire….. Tonight was the night…. I was gonna watch this house burn! That's the end of chapter 1, what I'm trying to depict here is the emotional and psychological turmoil that Katniss is going through, she's not in a right state at all so what seems right to her is actually not sane at all, she's all over the place at the moment and very erratic. The next chapter will be in Peeta's POV which will see another side and different viewpoints and new information on the situation. Please review, I hope you enjoy and you will begin to see the bigger picture in the next couple of chapters, right now I am trying to get a little more scope onto this story!:-)Please review as it makes me smile!