all of the practical reasons, I've found that I like being in Peeta's house. He actually took the time to paint every room in the house and replaced some the generic Capitol furnishing with handpicked choices. Also, there are fewer triggers waiting around the corner to remind me of Prim and I like that it feels like I can start over again here. I look at the walls of the room, examining them for the first time in the morning light. At night we wait until we are both beyond exhausted to before we go to bed. Peeta leads me to his room and dims the lights knowing how self conscious I am about him seeing my scars. Peeta always assures me that he doesn't care about the scars and tells me often that we match and that I'm still beautiful, I think that he is just being nice. It is usually still dark when I get up, Peeta feeds me breakfast, and then I leave to hunt when Peeta starts baking. It's our routine, it works for us and it helps us to heal. As I examine the proportions of the room I realize that it is not the upstairs master suite, like my bedroom at my house. I know this because Peeta's house is identical to mine in construction, just like all of the Victors' homes. This room is smaller and has no fireplace. When I go to braid my hair and brush my teeth I notice that the attached bathroom is small containing just a shower stall, toilet and sink. This was Prim's room at my house. "Why wouldn't Peeta use the master bedroom instead of the smaller one?" I wonder. I know that this bedroom is much larger than most merchant living rooms but it still strikes me as odd. What is he using the big room for? His uses the down stairs study for painting and the other rooms are kept in order for guests (just in case anyone still alive wants to come see us). I'm curious, I'm usually not one to pry into someone else's business but this is Peeta. I'm reminded that I should know so much more about him than I already do. Pulling off Peeta's shirt that I had slept in and I put the jeans and sweater back on that I had worn over here last night, I leave the room that we had slept in. Silently, I creep down the hall to the big double doors at the end of it. The knob is cold in my hand and I wonder if I should be snooping, but curiosity has gotten the better of me. Upon opening the doors my jaw drops at what I see before me. The large, spacious room is painted in the most vibrant, luscious, and complementary shades of green that I have ever seen. I know the proportions and layout of this room because it's just like mine at my house yet this room is like no other in any of the Victor houses. The rustic knotty pine furniture looked handmade and it is simple in design. Framed and matted, water color pictures of familiar plants hang on the wall; they look identical to some of the pictures in my plant book. I can tell at a glance that they've been created by Peeta's hand. The biggest picture of all is of a dandelion that hangs above the headboard of the bed. I go to examine it closer and I run my had over the mattress, the comforter is velvety to the touch and is creamy white in color and with a toile design in green, upon closer inspection I see that the design depicts wild animals in the woods. The throw pillows have similar plants stitched into them as the pictures on the wall. Overwhelmed by the loveliness that surrounds me, I sit on the bed and I exhale the breath that I didn't even know that I was holding. The fireplace is surrounded by large smooth river stones and has a rough hewn log for a mantle. To me it is far more appealing the gaudy marble, mahogany and brass monstrosity that's in my room. Why wouldn't Peeta use this wonderful room? This room is so beautiful; it was masculine yet still very feminine. Studying the details of the room more closely I notice the beautiful sliver brush and comb set and the matching jars and container that lie on the makeup table. I pick up the brush and admire its intricate design I see that it has engraved initials on it, KM. Suddenly I realize that this room wasn't for Peeta it had been meant for me, or at least it was meant for Katniss Mellark, the wife he would have had if not been for the Quarter Quell. I sit there and I try to absorb all of this. Logically I know pre-hijacked Peeta would have happily done something like this for me, but the skeptic in me still won't ever let me believe that Peeta could ever love me like this again. I feel a little pang in my heart as I realize that the Peeta from before was no longer here, he couldn't ever love me like that again, he's been through too much, he's seen all of my ugliness and flaws, and he'll never love me like that again. Or could he? Although sometimes I have to wonder if this theory was a figment of my imagination. After all Peeta did come back to District 12, he had no other reason to return, most everyone he knew and loved in the world was gone. Would he really spend all of his time piecing me back together if he didn't still love me? Thank you for reading my story! This is my second Fan Fic, it will most likely be three chapters long. Major thanks to kismit4891 my wonderful Beta. Please read and review, reviews make my day.