could stand it no longer and pulled her close and rekindled her fire with a kiss. She stroked him faster,and he groaned into her mouth. He flipped them over, and she let out a little squeak at the sudden change in position. It was his turn to admire her body. He knew its form well from all the nights that they slept nude together. He knew how to bring her comfort; now he wanted to bring her pleasure. Peeta kissed her breasts the way that he had been fantasizing about since he'd first seen them. He placed his mouth over one dark peak and sucked on it. Her cries of pleasure urged him on, and he kneaded her other breast, rolling the tip between his fingers. He spent a long while alternating and enjoying them both. "Peeta, touch me," she begged and spread her legs for him. He was eager to comply. His left hand trailed down her flat stomach and to the thatch of hair between her legs. Her folds were wet, and she keened when he touched her. Emboldened he parted her lower lips and pushed a finger inside of her. "Show me how to touch you," he begged. She replied by guiding his fingers to a strange looking nub and moved his hand back and forth. Peeta watched her face as he tried different movements, pressure, and speed. He knew that he had it right when she moved in tandem with his hand and hummed delightfully. He continued his work until her body stiffened, and she cried his name into the night. As she lay there recovering he knew that she was ripe to be taken. "Katniss, can I…" She placed her finger to his lips and stopping his words, looked into his eyes, and nodded her head. He settled over her body and in between her legs. His throbbing member was poised at her entrance, and he wondered how it could ever fit—she was tight around round his single finger. Katniss sensed his hesitation, craned her neck to kiss him, and whispered, "I need you, Peeta." He guided himself slowly into her body. Despite her brave words, her body seemed to be fighting him. There was an obstruction in the way. He pushed harder, and Katniss whimpered as he ripped her maidenhead. Peeta panicked and began to pull out. She clung to his body and wrapped her legs around him. "Don't stop." Peeta thrust again, finally burying himself to the hilt, and he began to move. Being inside of her was nothing he had ever experienced before; it was so tight and hot, and her arousal lubricated his movements. Her body relaxed and she began to move with him. Soon the base of his spine began to tingle; he knew that he would not last too much longer. His movements became bolder, and he pushed into her harder. He had a sudden animalist urge to drive himself in as far as he could go. It was all too much: the way she fit around him, her labored breathing, and mewls. Peeta let go, and he filled her with his seed. His member throbbed for what seemed like ages. Katniss kissed his neck and pulled him on top of her, urging him to rest his weight on her, and whispered sweet loving words into ear. It took him a while for him to grasp what she was saying to him. "I am your captive too. You have my heart." she said over and over again. They stayed there for a long while, but finally they knew that they would be missed if they did not return soon. In the moonlight they dressed and walked back to the village. He then asked the question that had been on his mind all day, "If you thought that I ran away, why did you not alert the other and come look for me?" She gave him a sad smile. "I want you to be happy. I thought that you wanted to be back with your family." He kissed her and informed her, "You are my family now." She gave him the biggest smile that he'd ever seen, and it filled his heart with joy like he'd never known. When they reached the village, they were a few revelers still dancing around the fire. Katniss and Peeta walked past several huts and heard rustling blankets, quite clearly more than one couple were doing what they had just done themselves. Finally they walked back to their dwelling. The other three family members were already asleep in their pallets. They both removed all their clothes, but it was not longer innocent like it had been before. Peeta restrained himself out of respect for the family. For the first time ever, Katniss came to bed with him and he held her tight. As he began to drift off she whispered, "We will have to speak to my family in the morning, we will need their consent to marry." Peeta smiled against her hair and teased her, "So you will let me stay with you then?" She sighed, "Always." Peeta of the Seam tribe was home. AN- The "Seam" tribe is based on several tribes that once lived in the Ohio Valley region. I picked and chose elements to suit the purposes of this story. The inspiration for this fic came mostly from the true story of a woman by the name of Mary "Molly" Jemison, a white woman adopted by the Seneca Indians. I was introduced to her story when I was in jr. high by reading the Newberry award winning novel, Indian Captive- The Story of Mary Jemison by Lois Lenski and I never forgot her. Then a few years ago I found another book written about her life called The White by Deborah Larsen. Mary Jemison's story is amazing and heartbreaking, if you ever get a chance to read her story do so. You can also find me on tumbr as izzysamson