"Big smile. That's it. If it's too scary, just close your eyes." Geoffey is beaming as the tube slides down over him and the plate starts to rise. Marcelius walks back to the wooden bench. He sits and leans back against the wall, exhausted, drained, staring up at the ceiling, and waits. His heart is pounding, and so is his head. Faintly he hears the announcer's familiar voice open the games. There is no sudden explosion. Exactly one minute later, a gong sounds as if from very far away. That's it, then. He wonders about lying to the boy about his mother. He doesn't feel good about that, but it got the kid's co-operation. And really… how long does that boy have to live? A couple of minutes? Was it so terrible to give him some hope, however false, for the last few minutes of his life? For sixteen years Marcelius has been a game's stylist, mostly for the tributes of District 9. He has seen terrified children, fatalistic children, children with bright but desperate hope, children grasping at faint hope, children with no hope at all. He even once had a Victor. He has dressed them all. Made them look their very best. Delivered them to the arena. Never has he had a child like this. Being a stylist brings him celebrity and, yes, fortune. He travels in high circles, attends the best parties, lives at a fine address, enjoys the sumptuous benefits of Capitol life. But sometimes, just sometimes, he wonders if it's worth it. Sometimes there seems to be such a cost. From his pocket he takes a small and finely wrought gold box. He opens it and selects a tiny, electric blue pill that he swallows dry. Now he starts to feel better. At first it's good. The sun is warm and there's a faint breeze. There's the gold building thingy that Marcelius talked about, and now there's a great booming voice in the sky. He looks around and sees all the other kids standing, just like Marcelius said, playing statue. Geoffey plays statue too. He's good at playing statue. They stand a long time and then a great gong sound fills the sky. All of a sudden, kids are running all over the place. But Geoffey stays where he is. He sits down on the metal circle. This is where mommy knows to find him. He looks around and sees far away where one other kid stays standing on his circle. Maybe his mommy is coming too. He looks at the other kids. Some are lying on the ground now. But they look all wrong. Some are yelling. Some are screaming, bleeding. They seem to be fighting. Fighting with sharp things. Some are looking very, very hurt. This is not fun at all. This is very scary. He sits on the metal plate and squeezes his eyes shut, clamps his hands over his ears. Bobo snuggles safely in his lap. This is not a nice place. He wishes he wasn't here. When will mommy come? He aches to go home. He sits like this for a long time until the sounds quiet down. When he opens his eyes and looks, most of the other kids have gone. He doesn't know where. Some, far away, are still fighting. Bunches of kids are lying on the ground not moving. There's lots and lots of blood. He really, really wishes mommy would come now and take him away from this horrible place. But mommy doesn't come. Instead, she comes… the girl from the big room with all the noise. The girl who said she would hurt Bobo. This is bad trouble, this mean girl. "No!" he shouts. "No!" As she comes closer, he sees she has a really long knife and it's all red, and red is splashed all over her… "No!" He is frantic now. Engulfed by panic. Terrified. "No!" he screams, "You stop! You go away! You can't hurt Bobo! I won't let you!" His arms are wrapped around Bobo, clutching him tight. But she doesn't stop. She doesn't go away. And now she's almost reached him. He turns from her and scrunches down tightly, folding Bobo into his body, hiding him from this mean, mean girl. "No!" he sobs. "You can't hurt Bobo!" And she doesn't. Later, after the cannons have sounded, after the hovercraft have taken away the bodies, the bodies from this first day, from this initial bloodbath, a small group of Careers gather. Television coverage is focused elsewhere at this moment. It will always focus elsewhere when this scene draws attention. The Careers gather around the lone figure still standing on his plate. Ropes hold him up secured to a short post. His face is battered almost beyond recognition. One eye is gone. His nose is smashed, bloody, swollen. His mouth hangs open, disjointed. Blood oozes from angry red welts and huge black bruises. It mats his hair and there are strange dents in his skull. His arms and legs bend in odd places, at odd angles… his fingers too. Blood seeps through the shirt of his arena costume. His pants are soiled and stained. But he is not dead. No, he is not dead. Heavy plastic bags are secured to the post near his head, their liquid contents dripping down through tubes into his arms. They can hear a faintly whistling rasp of breath. A tiny spasm elicits a strange sound, too faint to be a whimper. The Careers do nothing. They approach no closer. Small signs, carefully inconspicuous in the grass, promise Capitol retribution to anyone who touches this boy. Bobo's shiny black button eyes are turned up through the long grass to the night sky. The faces of 13 tributes each glow briefly there and are gone forever. For Geoffey Lynx, the 46th Hunger Games are over. Four more nights pass, and three more tributes die, before the boy from District 5 goes home. He made the final eight.