her was grisly. It was a man skewered on a bayonet, and it was drawn in such a way that she knew that the artist had been the one to inflict the damage…Peeta had done this. The man before her had actually taken a human life. Her face must have reflected the horror that she'd felt. "I'm sorry," he said sincerely. "I shouldn't have let you see it." He tried to take the book away but she held on tight. "No, please, I want to know what it was like," she admitted. Peeta reluctantly let go. She flipped through the pages. The details were amazing, but the sights were ghastly: A screaming man being held down by four others while a surgeon sawed off his leg, a dead solider missing half his head, a drummer boy bent over another young body. "Peeta, these are so incredible," she whispered, "terrifying, but incredible. Are these all things that you saw?" He sighed heavily. "Yes, when I try to sleep it all comes back to me. Sometimes if I draw them, I can get them out of my head for a little while and I can rest. I always keep the book hidden when I'm not working on it. I would hate for Posy to find it. It is a place for me to store all the memories: the gore, the angst, the betrayal of loved ones." "I'm glad that you're letting me look at it. I always wanted to know why Gale was so drawn to it. But now I am at a loss as to why he preferred there to here." Katniss turned the page and caught a glance of a man and woman in an embrace. Peeta suddenly snatched the book from her. He gave her an apologetic glance. "Sorry, I'm not ready to share everything." They simply stared for a moment or two, and then Peeta cleared his voice, "Commander Boggs once said that Gale was a true warrior. That he could look at the enemy as if they were animals and nothing more." Katniss gave him a disturbed expression. Peeta clarified, "He wasn't sadistic about it, I knew a few who were, but Gale wasn't one of them. He didn't enjoy it, although he was able to turn off his emotions and do what needed to be done to accomplish the mission. Most of us couldn't do that. Every time I fired my weapon I couldn't help to think that I was about to end the life of someone's brother, father, or husband…I was an awful solider." She took his hand and assured him, "But you are a good man and you must have been good enough to get promoted in the ranks. You did what you had to do at the time." "I tell myself that all the time. It doesn't help," he said and squeezed her hand. "Killing a human being changes you." Peeta took his eyes off her and looked out the window, and then he asked a very odd question, "Do you think that you could forgive the Confederate who killed Gale?" Katniss thought about it and then replied honestly, "I can forgive the man." Peeta looked at her in wonder. "But I blame the war and politicians and slave owners who couldn't just do what was right on their own. I think that most mothers, wives, and children eventually come to the same conclusion." Peeta gave her perplexed expression, as if her explanation was too simple. She continued, "I'm sure the Johnny Reb that shot my husband was no different than you and Gale. He joined because he thought it was the right thing to do. I'm sure he didn't join simply to kill Gale Hawthorne anymore than you did to kill the man in that first picture I saw. The war ruined all those lives, you did not, Peeta." He face was unreadable for a time, and then it slowly transitioned into a small grin. "And you say that you are no good with words." "Once and awhile I can speak well if I don't think about it too much," she said and pulled her hand from his. "We should both rest, Peeta." "Or we ought to try," he conceded and shut the book."Thank you, Katniss, you really helped me today." "It is the least I can do," she said softly. "After everything you've done for me. I guess that's what we do, help each other." "I suppose that makes us friends." 'Friends' seemed like an understatement. She had never felt this level of comfort and closeness with a man before, but anything more was a dangerous thought to entertain. "I would suppose so," she said and rose from her seat. Peeta did the same and they wished each other 'good night.' Katniss went to the room and shoved Posy over and climbed into bed. The room was cooler and her sinful urges had subsided, but now she had another more disturbing revelation. What she felt for Peeta went beyond lust; it was deeper and more consuming. Never in her life had she felt this way about anyone, not even Gale. The thought of being in love with Peeta Mellark was a frightening one. She would never be able to give him her heart and he wasn't deserving of anything less. Hi, I hope that you enjoyed the beginning of my newest fic, it was originally written for s2sl charity fund raiser. This story will be told in four parts and I hope to publish it all over the summer. I would like to thank many special for helping to get this story off the ground; Streetlightlove for pre-reading and encouraging me, ackennedy7 for my lovely banner, to kismet for beta help, and most of all Court for cheering me through, beating and cracking me up with all her comments. You can find me on tumblr as izzysamson, there I post previews and teasers for upcoming chapters and generally fangirl over Everlark.