to stay for the toasting when you deliver the cake." "Yeah, you're more than welcome. There will be a ton of girls there." Gale adds, and Madge gives him a half-hearted smack on the shoulder. Peeta catches the flirtatious glace that is exchanged between the two before Gale asks him. "You don't have a girl, do you?" "No, not at the moment," Peeta coolly admits, thinking of the short lived relationship with Ramona, he had broken it off the instant she had started to talk about marriage. Ramona had been yet another failed attempt to convince himself that there were more girls in the world than the one he wanted more than anything. "You can dance with me. Madge gave a pretty dress and ribbons!" Posy offers brightly. "Maybe I will. I'll have to see how my day goes." Peeta tells them and found it even easier than usual to smile, if anything he had to tone down his grin. The Undersee-Hawthorne cake was a boon in more ways than one. The huge order alone would be almost equal to a month's worth of profits. But, to Peeta the best thing about the cake is that it meant that Gale Hawthorne was no longer standing between him and his heart's greatest desire, Katniss Everdeen. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Peeta continues his day baking and icing cakes until seven o'clock, he had been there since three in the morning. The Mellarks no longer keep pigs, so Peeta takes the two-day old bread and lays it neatly on the trash can lid on an old news paper. He knows that the bread and news paper will be gone within minutes of his departure. In the past Peeta has caught glimpses of little grey eyes in the past, just waiting for him to leave, he always pretends not to notice them. Lastly he bags up some baked goods, only one day old, for him and his dad and locks up. The walk home is short, just a block from the bakery. He walks through the door of his house and hears his dad talking to someone. Talking and laughing? Upon entering the kitchen he sees his dad sitting across from Mrs. Everdeen. Peeta quickly evaluates the house and he notices it's much messier than usual. Cleaning house has been the last thing on his to do list. Dirty dishes fill the sink, papers and books are stacked on the kitchen table, and a layer of dust covers everything. "Hi." Peeta pleasantly calls to them. "Hi there son." his dad replies happily. "Oh, where are my manners? Lily this is my youngest son Peeta. Peeta, this is Mrs. Everdeen." Peeta shakes her hand and gives her a friendly smile, "Lovely to finally make your acquaintance, Mrs. Everdeen." "Why thank you, Peeta," she smiles back. Peeta couldn't help but to notice how similar her features were to Katniss's, the slope of the nose and her full lips were nearly identical. Although their coloring was totally different, Mrs. Everdeen was pale, blonde, and had eyes the color of corn flowers. While Katniss had hair the color of coffee, olive skin, and her grey eyes always reminded Peeta of the color of the sky right before a storm. "I was just telling Lily…uh, Mrs. Everdeen about how shorthanded we are and how we could use some more help around here and the bakery." His dad tells him with a stealthy wink. This was their secret code to play along with whatever the other one said. This was a well practiced skill in this house as a result of having had to walk on eggshells with his mom all of the time. "And she said that her oldest daughter, Katniss, was looking for at least a part time job." "Is that so?" Peeta says trying to sound only mildly interested, but inside he was ecstatic. Katniss Everdeen in my house and working beside me in the bakery that's only what I've been dreaming of since I was five years old! "Yes, I would hate to see her have to work in the mines." Mrs. Everdeen admits in a low tone. Me too, Peeta thinks to himself. "So when could she start?" Peeta asks causally. "Any time, I think." Mrs. Everdeen says. "She has no legal employment at the moment. But, I think you know that, being the biggest consumers of squirrels in the Merchant's sector." All three of them share a knowing look, Katniss has a job but hunting was far from being legal. "Why don't you have here stop by the bakery so we can talk to her about it." Mr. Mellark suggests to her. "I'll do that," Mrs. Everdeen looks at the clock. "It's that time already…I've been here almost two hours! Well, Hank, don't forget what I told you. No coffee or spicy foods and try to relax. I'll send some medicine with Katniss tomorrow that should help with the ulcers. " "Thank you, Lily," says warmly. "It was so nice to catch up with you." "You too," she replies as she rises to leave. "How much do I owe you Mrs. Everdeen?" Peeta reaches into his pocket and pulls out his wallet. "Oh, nothing, it was a favor for an old friend," she insists. "Well at least take some bread home with you, I brought more home than we can eat before it gets stale." Peeta offers her, and scans the two bags he brought home. "Here are some cheese buns." "Alright," she concedes and takes the bag. Mrs. Everdeen seems to examine Peeta for a moment, and a bittersweet expression graces her face. "I'll have Katniss meet you at the bakery in the morning. Bye, Hank…Peeta" Mrs. Everdeen leaves the two Mellarks with smiles on their faces. The elder, happily contented with time and memories he had just shared with his childhood sweetheart. The younger is happily optimistic about what tomorrow might bring. Thank you for reading. I hope you enjoyed the start. Please review.