field looking for the lightning tree in the now dark arena. "They're supposed to be a sector to the left." said Plutarch. Colored lights started to blossom in the night. "Now what?" asked the Captain. "Fireworks, meant for the end of the games." replied Plutarch. "Don't know if the Gamemakers activated them, or if it was the collapsing field" A brilliant flash lit the sky. "There's the tree!" cried Plutarch, "And there's bodies around it!" "I see it! I see it!" he yelled. "There's Katniss! I see her bow! Get these people! Get them now!" "Incoming fore and aft." said Johnson. "One minute to shields." Anderson was heaving on the controls, trying to steer the shuddering hovercraft. He brought the ship about and lowered it almost onto the lightning tree. Four bodies were on the ground below. Three of them were unmoving, but the fourth, furthest from the tree, had staggered upright. An explosion lit the sky outside the arena. "Mines got one!" yelled McAllister. "Deploy the talons and the ladder." ordered the Captain. A medic along with Haymitch was on one talon carrier, Plutarch and another medic on the other. They were winching downwards. I was on the ladder and deployed it as fast as possible. "Got one!" yelled Haymitch and the talon began to retract. A light blossomed in the dark ahead of us. "Incoming missile!" yelled Johnson as it flashed over us. "Guidance systems must be out." Another flash lit the sky behind us. "He's taken out one of his own." "Got another!" yelled Haymitch and that talon started to retract. "Multiple launches aft." said Johnson, but the missiles weren't targeting us. They raced on by and blew the Capitol hovercraft before us out of the sky "Wow." muttered Johnson, "Must have decided we're the friend and they were the foe." The man below stumbled towards the ladder and jammed his arm over a rung. "One on the ladder!" I yelled and started winching it up. "Another incoming fore!" yelled Johnson, but already the ships behind us, now nearly on top of us and fanning out across the arena, had fired. The hovercraft ahead exploded into fiery debris. "Their communications must be down. Ten seconds to shields." Our hovercraft lurched lurched across the arena perimeter, and the Captain toggled the power switch. We dropped like a stone, but came back just feet from the ground. The man on the ladder, half in the plane, slammed against the side of the hatch and shrieked in pain. I cut power to the ladder and multiple hands hauled him aboard. The hatch slid closed. "Shields back!" yelled Johnson, and the hovercraft started to move, almost at taxiing level, across the arena construction site. We backtracked the route the incoming Capitol craft had taken. They were circling the arena looking for targets, but they didn't find us. "I hope you're right." said the Captain, looking at Johnson, "I hope they think they were shooting at us when they took out their own ships. It might give us a window." We had crossed the hovercraft landing field and, at the edge of the surrounding forest, gained just enough altitude to skim the tree tops. We dropped down again to glide across the river and found an opening that allowed us to penetrate some way into the woods before rising again to treetop level. Ever so slowly, so quietly, so cautiously, we put distance between ourselves and the arena. "I'm taking us on a southwest heading." said the Captain. "I don't think they'll expect that." "No problem with fuel." I replied, taking notes of speeds, headings and elapsed times. We continued southwest for two hours and then turned due south for another two. There was no indication of pursuit, and no hotspots appeared on the sensors. We had been in the air more than 24 hours. None of 13's hovercraft had ever been this far from the district. Traces of dawn were lighting the sky as we turned due east and flew towards the sunrise. We left land behind and passed over open water that just continued and continued. With no activity on the scanners, the Captain ordered a rotation that allowed each of us a few hours sleep. Our passengers were given an opportunity to stretch, and an overdue bathroom break, before being strapped in again. We couldn't make assumptions on what might lie ahead. I dozed off in my seat and awoke to a conversation underway in the cockpit. Plutarch was speaking: "... a wreck like all the rest. They were too close when the lightning struck. It may be days, even weeks, before we'll know the effects of that. Katniss is the worst. She has a massive concussion, maybe a skull fracture, and she lost a huge amount of blood. She's tough, but it's still touch and go. Beetee has not regained consciousness. He has some obvious superficial injuries, but it's the effects of the force field and the lightning that are his chief problems. Finnick is fighting any attempts at sedation. He has cracked ribs, a dislocated shoulder, and lacerations from getting aboard. He's back there somewhere with a cup of coffee." He left the cockpit and an exhausted Captain looked at me. "Find out where we are and get us home." He turned to face forward, and the gunnery chief, occupying the co-pilot's seat remarked, "What's amazing to me is we didn't fire a single shot." Using sun elevation, speeds, headings and elapsed times, I got a good approximation of our position. We headed northwest and started looking for a shoreline. None too soon to my mind, we were back over land, over forested hills. The ruins of an ancient city hove into view. We knew it, knew where we were, knew our way home. A medic came forward and stuck his head in the cockpit: "Katniss Everdeen has just attacked Haymitch Abernathy." "Restrain her. Sedate her." said the Captain. "Sedate them all until we get home." .