wait," he promised and stood between her legs. Katniss knew what he had planned, after all this certainly wasn't the first time they'd had shower sex. She wrapped her arms around his neck and he picked her up by her thighs and guided himself into her. Peeta loved this position, he felt so powerful, lifting his woman up and thrusting into her, he pressed her into the wall and pounded into her at breakneck speed. He couldn't help the moan that escaped him at the feel of her around him. Even after all these this time it still felt just as good as it did the first time. Over the years they had exchanged quantity for quality, but it had only made sex better. His head was swimming, there was a telltale tingling at the base of his spin telling him that if he didn't change positions soon that he would come before he was ready too. The water had started to turn cold so it was an opportune moment to move this elsewhere. He wasn't going to be able to fulfill his promise otherwise. Peeta carried his wife from the shower and set her on the vanity top, never breaking the connection between their bodies. Katniss reclined her body so that with each thrust he stimulated new places inside her. Peeta watched awestruck as she used her two middle fingers make tight circles over her clit, bringing herself closer to the edge. Peeta held her by the hips and sped up the pace to push her towards her climax and tried to hold back on to his own. His eyes travelled from her hand and where they were joined to her face, her eyes were squeezed shut and she was biting her lip, she was hanging on, waiting for the right moment. "Let me know when to let go," he whispered. A second later he felt her body began to milk his and she whimpered, "Now Peeta." He was happy for the permission because he had already started to let go, her body's reaction was the catalyst to his. He let go of her to hold the counter top for dear life, not trusting his shaking knees to keep him standing while he emptied himself into her. Only after they had come down from their highs and he softened inside her did he pull out. "Not it," Katniss moaned. "Not it for what?" Peeta asked as he turned to finally turn off the water to the shower. "Cleaning the counter," she laughed. Peeta smiled, the woman had no problem chasing down rats but human bodily fluids grossed her out. "I'll take care of it," he promised and helped her off the counter. They dried off and brushed their teeth. "How was the strip club?" she asked, a glint of amusement in her eye. Katniss knew that Peeta hated that place, that's why she wasn't upset when he told her that he had to go. "Awful," he said simply. "I work with a bunch of fuck sticks!" "Fuck sticks?" she laughed. "Yeah, fuck sticks, because calling them dicks is too kind," he explained. "Do you know how much I hate being called 'dude'?" "You won't have to worry about them for too much longer," Katniss promised as they headed towards the bed. Peeta picked up the book that Katniss had been reading, he didn't look at it closely before but he did now. What to Expect When You're Expecting. "Katniss what is this?" he asked curiously. "It's the book that my doctor gives all his pregnant patients," she replied softly, a blush beginning to creep up her pretty face. Peeta's heart skipped a beat; he wanted to ask but he was afraid too, thankfully she did not leave him waiting for too long. She nodded at his questioning look and flashed him a small but proud grin, "I went to the doctor's today in between jobs. Peeta, we're pregnant, we're going to be parents in about eight months." Peeta couldn't contain his joy. He leapt over the bed and swept her up in his arms, hugging his wife tight, "A baby? I don't know what to say… oh, Katniss, that's wonderful!" "I'm sorry that I didn't tell you sooner," she apologized. "I thought that it was best to wait until you got home, so I could tell you in person." "I am so happy that I don't care," he exclaimed, dropping kisses all over her face. "I can quit that shitty job just as soon as the baby is born." "Or sooner," she suggested. "I've been looking at our options; we'll talk more about it later. I just want to be happy tonight." I'm going to be happy forever . Katniss's announcement gave him the strength to deal with his crappy job for a few more months. "Hey, you were giving me crap about self pleasuring and you knew that you pregnant," he accused as they got into bed. "I wasn't going to pass up on the chance to cause you some grief," she confessed, with a chuckle. "You'll have to give me some head later to make it up," he said playfully. "I will," she yawned. "But it will have to wait until tomorrow." Katniss snuggled up in his arms and soon fell fast asleep. Peeta lay quietly beside her, one hand resting protectively on her stomach as he watched her sleep. His wife. His pregnant wife. This was the moment that he'd been waiting fifteen years for. And even though Peeta was going to have to go back to a job and co-workers he hated on Monday morning, he sighed contentedly as he began to fall asleep. Because at least now, there was an end in sight. Brutus, Cato, and Marvel could all take their lifestyles and foolishly think that have everything figured out, but no one night stand or cheap fling could ever compare to this. Thanks for reading. You can find me on tumblr as izzysamson.