to you another time, I swear. Come round for dinner this week? Missed Call from Jo Jo: U getting laid everdeen? Jo: Lol that was a joke ur probably the library Jo: I checked & the library is closed now. If u r getting laid ud better tell me everything bitch! Crap. As she decided what to text back to her best friend and her roommate, she felt the unmistakeable feeling of sick rising in her throat. Rushing over to the toilet, she only just made it as vomit made its first – and surely not last – appearance of the morning. Retching into the bowl, she almost missed the sound of heavy footsteps outside the door. She winced at the knock on the door that was too damn loud when she was feeling so delicate, and looked around to see if there was any way she could escape without having to face Peeta at the door. She could probably just about fit through the tiny bathroom window in the corner, but she couldn't remember what floor Peeta's apartment was on, and in any case, her clothes were scattered in various places in various rooms. Sighing, she got to her feet and briefly rinsed away the taste of sick with the Listerine on the bathroom sink, and grabbed a towel to wrap round her naked body. Unlocking the door, she opened it and peered out at the man she'd drunkenly seduced last night. He looked just as bad as she felt, if not worse, and faintly green. "Katniss?" he rasped, holding out a glass of water, a pack of ibuprofen and her clothes towards her. "Thought you might want these." "Thank you," she looked down at the ground rather than in his eyes, holding onto the doorframe for support. "If you need me, I'll be throwing up in the sink." She watched as he stumbled towards the kitchen, wondering why such a small gesture touched her so much, before closing the door and falling back towards the toilet as the urge to vomit reappeared. After throwing up the entire contents of her stomach and what felt like her spleen, Katniss felt able to take a shower and rinse the smell of liquor and sick from her body. Luckily, she had had the foresight to tie her hair up before she started being sick, but even so, she felt disgusting. So much for being able to make a run for it. She'd have to go out and face him, at least this time clean and fully clothed. When she finally left the bathroom she found him lying on the sofa they'd been on last night, looking sorry for himself with a flannel on his forehead and clutching a bottle of water. She noticed the bucket sitting by his feet was pretty full, so obviously he was paying heavily for his excessive alcohol consumption like she was. His eyes opened as she walked towards him, wincing as the light hit his eyes. "Are you alright?" he asked her, sitting up gingerly. "Ummm, just about. Are you?" "I'm alive….I think…" She hadn't appreciated it last night in the moment, but Peeta's apartment was pretty neat. Although it was quite small – but still significantly larger than her shoebox apartment – it was immaculately decorated for the holiday. Tinsel decked the walls along with different paintings on the wall, and the Christmas tree in the corner was tastefully decorated with gold, orange and green decorations. It was a far cry from her decorations, which consisted of some broken fairy lights she'd never bothered to take down from last year. It would be easy to make herself at home here, but staying around to make awkward conversation with a guy she had slept only hours after they'd met was the last thing she wanted to do. Looking down at her phone, she gave a fake gasp. "Oh, look at the time!" she exclaimed dramatically. "I have a….a doctor's appointment in an hour!" she lied. He looked dismayed. "Don't you, errr, don't you want to stay and have some food or something? I can make some pancakes, or waffles, or anything you want really…" "No no no, I'm not hungry, it's fine!" she insisted, pulling on her coat and walking quickly towards the door in an attempt to stop this awkward goodbye. "C-can I at least have your number?" he asked, scrambling for his phone from the pocket of his jeans. Thrusting it towards her, he smiled weakly at her, obviously perturbed that she was running away so soon. Shit. "Sure!" she faked a smile, taking it from his hands. Selecting his contacts, she put in the number of her and Jo's favourite takeaway before handing it back to him. "That's my number" she lied. "Text me yours later, yeah?" In her haste she almost ran out the door, sidestepping Peeta as he went in for a hug. "Bye!" she called without turning round as she stepped into the lift in the corridor. She turned back to take a last look at him before the lift doors closed. He was still standing in his doorway, his blonde hair falling over his eyes as he looked down at the ground sadly. He looked like a lost puppy, she thought as the doors closed in front of her, and the feeling that spread through her body felt a little bit like guilt. Author Note: So I started writing this last year, and it took PiP to give me a kick up the arse and write a bit more. Apologies for this being less holiday themed, and more centered around drunkenness and vomit – I guess you could say that overindulgence is a key part of the holiday season? We all know we've been there. I'm planning on continuing this should anyone be interested - not sure when, but I have a vague outline and just need to start writing. Title comes from the Hinder song. Thanks for reading!