need the extra attention right now." "Yeah," Katniss whispered, and she didn't know how else to respond. Annie had the baby to think about, and Johanna didn't need to relive her experiences. She felt guilty; she should have been more aware of what was going on around her. She should have been there to comfort Peeta, not the other way around. She examined him closely. He must have been painting, because his shirt and hands were covered with different hues of paint. Upon inspecting his face, she saw that there were dark circles under his eyes and he looked worn and haggard. "You didn't sleep much last night either, did you?" she stated more than asked. "No, every time I closed my eyes," he said heavily, "I saw you running towards me, and then I wrapped my hands around your throat. I feel like I've been on the verge of a flashback all day." Katniss reached her hand out to his, and when he took it, she pulled him to her and she wrapped him in a hug. She whispered, "You couldn't help it. I forgive you." She could feel him tremble in her arms, and she felt a tear drop land on her neck. Katniss held him close and hummed a soothing tune. "When you weren't here this morning, I thought that it was because you were upset with me," he confessed. "It wouldn't have shocked me, Haymitch is drinking already this morning and told me to leave him alone for the rest of the day." "No, I woke up after you left me last night and I never really went back to sleep. I dreamt of Cinna. I left for the woods as soon as I could. I'm sorry, I should have let you know what I was doing." "It's alright, please next time…leave me a note or something," he requested; he sounded so worn and haggard. They clung to one another for a long time. "Peeta, I'm so tired," she sighed in his ear. "Alright," he replied sadly and pulled away. "I'll take you to your room." He lifted her reverently and carried her up the stairs and laid her in her unmade bed. He covered her up and turned to leave. She grabbed his hand, "Please, just take a nap with me for a little while," she pled. What she said next may have been a little desperate, but she wanted to sleep so badly that she couldn't resist, "Stay with me?" He paused for a moment. "You're not afraid that I'll have an attack?" "No, I'm not," she said sincerely. "Things are different now. Anyhow, we both know that the more tired you are the prone you are to have one. It…it would be good for both of us. If you have one, we'll deal with it. You've taken care of me today, so now let me take you by helping you sleep. So, will you stay with me?" Peeta whispered, "Always." He took off his shoes and lay down beside her. "The next time you want to watch television let me know, and we can watch some old movies or something." "Oh, like the one about the Capitol girl who didn't get exactly what she wanted for her birthday?" she teased. Effie made them watch it once while on the Victory Tour, and while she thought that it was fantastic, Katniss and Peeta didn't agree. "No, there are some good ones, made long before the Dark Days," he said as he settled in the bed. Then he said teasingly, "We'll have to watch it at my house, since you don't have a TV now. The 'off' button was that hard to find?" "Yes it was," she yawned and hid a smile in his shoulder and found a comfortable spot to lay her head. "Katniss?" he said somberly. "Yes." "If I hadn't of," he paused and struggled for the words. "Greeted you that way I did that day…what were you going to do when you first saw me?" She didn't know if she wanted to laugh or cry, but she still answered honestly, "I remember thinking that I was going to kiss you, if you'd let me. I definitely thought you were going to kiss me." " That would have been a nice welcome," he said sincerely but sleepily, and he yawned. "It's a shame that it didn't happen that way." "Yeah, it is," she replied, but he was already asleep. She quickly followed suit, and they both slept for hours. When they woke up from their first dreamless sleep in ages, Peeta made them something to eat and then cleaned up the mess in the living room. Later they talked about their nightmares and their troubles, and before they knew it, it was dark. She could tell that he was hesitant to leave, "Hey, if you want we could go to your house and watch movies like we talked about earlier." "Alright," he smiled his most winning grin, and turned so that he could give her a piggyback ride to his house and said, "but only if you promise not to throw my bronze horse at the TV if you don't like what's on." Katniss rolled her eyes and wrapped her arms around his broad shoulders; she held on tighter than she needed to, but neither seemed to mind. He hooked her legs with his arms, and they headed towards the door, passing the ruined TV along the way. Secretly she was pleased that she'd destroyed it now; a shattered TV and bloody feet were small price to pay to have the comfort of Peeta in her bed. She was still confused and didn't know what the future would hold for them, but for right now she just wanted to enjoy the fact that she was with the one person in the world who made her feel safe, and that was Peeta. Thanks for reading! You can also find me on tumblr izzy samson.