asking. "Can I put him somewhere for you? I see that there are toys in the yard, I would hate for a kid to have to see him like this." "Um, yeah," Katniss looked to Gale. "Gale could you please show him to the shed, Prim won't see him there in the morning." Gale and the stranger walked towards the shed, spoke for a few minutes, and then the stranger left. Gale came in and checked on her, "Poor guy." "Yeah," Katniss said quietly. "But at least it saved me from having to have him put down. Dr. Jo said that I should be thinking about it. That would have been worse." "I meant the nice guy who hit Bow," Gale told her. "He feels like shit. To bad too, that's the kind of guy you should be dating. You should have gotten his number. He looks a little on the soft side, but we could toughen him up." "That's the start of a fairy tale romance," Katniss retorted. She thought about the stranger for a moment, he was good looking. She thought, I could never date a guy like that anyways, he was way out of my league, he wouldn't go for a tomboy country girl. "Besides I told him that you were my husband and I have no time or interest in a relationship right now." "Life has got to restart for you too, someday." Gale reminded her. "I'm pretty sure he knew you were lying, look at us Kat, a blind man could tell we're related. The Everdeen dark hair, tan skin, and grey eyes run strong, out of all of us cousins only Prim didn't get'em." Katniss was quickly annoyed, "Don't you have cows to milk in the morning, and shouldn't you be going home and getting to bed?" "Yeah, I love you too, Catnip. Call me if you want to talk." Gale waved to her, then suddenly stopped and asked. "Hey, did Dr. Jo happen to mention me?" "No she didn't. Why don't you get it over with and ask her out?" Katniss asked him. Gale had the hots for the new vet, fresh out of Ohio State, Dr. Johanna Mason. "I'm sure that your mom and dad are getting tired of you calling the vet for minor things when Dr. Jo's on call." "Hey I paid her to castrate the steers out of my own pocket," Gale defended himself. "You've never had Dr. Boggs help you castrate before, you've always done that yourself." Katniss reminded him. "Well, what can I say in my defense? Dr. Boggs doesn't look that good in powder blue coveralls and gum boots." Katniss rolled her eyes, shook her head, and then dismissed him, ready to be alone. "Bye, Gale. Thanks for coming so quick." "Anytime, Catnip," he waved then left. Katniss locked the doors, stumbled to bed and then buried her head in the pillow, allowed herself to do something that she rarely ever did, and cried till there no more tears. She cried for Bow, then for Prim, and lastly she shed a few tears for herself. Why did life have to be so unfair? XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXX Katniss has to bite the inside of her cheek to keep her composure, not knowing what is sadder, the fact their dog was dead or that Prim was four and already so accustomed to talking about death. Prim, next does a very grown up thing, reaches over the small table and puts her hand on top of her sister's. "Don't worry Katniss the angel is going to take care of us. Mommy said that she would ask the angels to take special care of us." "Primmy that wasn't an angel," Katniss explains gently. "That's was the man who accidentally hit Bow." "Oh, okay," Prim says a little disappointedly. "But I think he is an angel too." "Maybe, he was Prim." Katniss decides that it would be best to agree and not burst her bubble, at least not here anyways. What would be the likelihood of ever seeing him again? He was more than likely just someone passing through, she had never seen him before and this was a small town. She knows that if she had seen him before she would have remembered. They finish their snack and stand to leave, when Prim excitedly tugs on Katniss' shirt. "Katniss, Katniss!" "What is it Prim?" "Look, it's our angel!" Prim says brightly and points behind her sister. Katniss turns around to see the man who stood on her porch the night before leaning on the counter talking intently to Mr. Mellark. Quickly she grabs Prim and tries to leave unnoticed, but instead Prim calls out, "Bye angel!" The young man and turn to look at the sisters. Katniss' eyes connect with the young man's for a brief moment, he waves a little with his mouth slightly open in surprise, Katniss could feel her face get bright red, and then she turns away and pulls Prim out the door. "Katniss," Prim says a little annoyed. "I wanted to talk to the angel." "Sorry Prim," Katniss tries to excuse her rude action. "We…we just really have to get home now." Feeling a little guilty as they walk back to the store, and load up into her old red Silverado, Katniss tries to analyze her reaction. She really didn't understand her own behavior, she all of a sudden felt like she had to get out of there. For some strange reason the thought of having another run in with the stranger had shaken her, not because of him having had the bad luck to be the one to hit Bow. But, because of how he had made her feel when his hand touched hers, she was afraid of liking him, and she could not deal with that right now. Thank you for reading my story, I hope you enjoyed it! If you did please review, reviews totally make my day and inspire me to write.