if he kills me, so be it. "I came to say goodbye. I'm leaving. I'm glad you're alive, but if I am going to be any help to the war, I can't stay here and watch you hate me. I hope you get the life you want, and I'm sorry you've suffered so much because of me." I tell him and turn to leave. But his words stop me, "I hope you don't die in the war." His words surprise me and I turn back to him, raising my eyebrow in confusion. I catch that bit of hope like always, is it possible he doesn't hate me? And like always he pulls the rug out from under me, "A quick death is too good for you. I hope you live a long miserable life remembering all the death and suffering you are responsible for." For a moment, I just look at him, looking for any glimpse of the boy I love, the boy who loved me, and find none. In that moment, I let him go. Accepting that I'll never be a part of his life. That he will never stop hating me. And I hope that he will live and be happy. A single tear falls down my face, "I hope you find peace Peeta." I tell him, "You won't have to see me again. I won't seek you out." I turn and leave and when the door closes behind me I feel myself start to break, acceptance doesn't make it hurt any less. Just like letting him go didn't stop me from loving him still. Suddenly I come face to face with Annie. "Katniss? Hi." She starts. "Take care of him, please." I tell her and she nods. I make it to my room before I break down. When Finnick finds me, my tears have dried but I clutch onto him, like he's my life line, and really, he is. I'm not sure who starts it but the next thing I know we're kissing. And it's not loving, or passionate, but it's comforting and almost familiar and it's the first thing in a while that has made me feel something other than pain. So, I give myself over to the kiss and so does Finnick. Instead of waking up feeling alone and broken, I wake up in Finnick's arms and though I am still broken I don't feel so alone. Five years later… It was five years ago, that I had last spoken to Peeta. Finnick and I survived the war together, but we lost so many others, Prim, Gale, Boggs, and many more. The list of those who were dead or suffered because of me kept piling higher and higher, weighing me down. Finnick never left me. We would seek comfort from each other physically and emotionally. I'm not sure what you would have called our relationship at that point. Looking back now I know I loved him then but at the time I didn't know it. It wasn't the same way I loved Peeta, not at all. In the end, we captured the Capitol and I promptly killed self-appointed interim president Coin and was banished to District 12. Finnick came with me, so did Haymitch. Peeta did get better. He managed to live a mostly normal life, he was happy but he never stopped hating me. At least that is what I heard from Haymitch. It was several years before I admitted to myself that I was in love with Finnick. That our relationship had become more than comfort and familiarity, that it became more than just a way to feel anything, at some point it had become about love. When I first realized, it I freaked out and took off to the woods for a few days. How could I love someone else? In my mind love was associated with pain. I still love Peeta, but my love for Finnick was different. Things weren't easy in the beginning but I couldn't survive without him and it scared me. A few months ago, we got a letter from President Paylor, she pardoned me and I was now free to travel within the districts. Finnick begged me to go to District 4, just to visit so he could see the ocean and I could see my mother. The reunion with my mother was hard. It was another reminder that Prim was gone and I was thankful to be out of her house. I walked down to the ocean with Finnick behind me. In front of me, down by the water was a blonde, blue eyed man, holding the hand of a young child who couldn't be more than 2 or 3. They splashed in the water and the child released the man's hand and ran to a woman with bronze hair laughing. The man was looking at them, the way he used to look at me. There was no denying he was happy. Frozen to the spot I stood I watched them, they were happy. Here was the boy who I gave every piece of myself to, the boy who then shattered each of those pieces, although even that was my fault, Snow's fault. Snow tortured him so I would suffer and he succeeded. A warm hand pulls me closer, and I accept his comfort and offer him my own. The man who was just as destroyed as I was. The man who took my shattered pieces and managed to reshape them into some form of myself. The man I eventually let myself love. "Let's go home." He says looking into my eyes, and I can see my haunted look reflected back in his eyes but I can also see his love for me. And that love is enough for me to keep going, keep living, even if it is broken by the love we have for two people who destroyed us. "Yes, let's go home." I tell him and we walk away from the happy couple.