head. It's all common sense advice. But I appreciate Dad's help. "Can I ask you a favor?" Dad asks. "What is it?" "You think you can give your old man a hug?" As much as I hate hugs, I can't refuse him. Taking a deep breath, I hold my arms out and wrap them around Dad's bony torso. He returns the gesture. I shut my eyes and block out the impulse to pull back. I hurt him enough today. I don't want his last memory of us together to be of me pushing him away. I already have a lifetime of doing that. For once, I want Dad to know that he has a daughter who loves him and who can show it. Just then, a Peacekeeper marches into the room to take Dad away. He clasps me in his arms for one last time and plants a kiss on my head, something he hasn't done ever since I was a very small child. "I love you, Ada. And so would your mother. We love you very much." "I love you too, Daddy," I shout. But the door slams shut between us, and I don't know if he heard me. I hope he did. After Dad is Herman. He latches onto me, pulling me into a tight embrace. One arm wraps itself around my waist while the other snakes up my spine and holds me in place like a brace. His massive hand presses my head against his shoulder and I can feel the soft, feathery strands of his hair brush against my face. All the air is sucked out of my lungs as he pulls me closer to him. His long hair and the rough wool fibers of his sweater vest smothers my nose and mouth. I struggle, trying to push away, but he holds me ever closer. "You can't give up," Herman chokes out. "No matter what happens, you can't give up." "I- I don't think I can," I gasp. "Herman, if a-anything happens to me... I- I need you to look away. You have to look away. I don't want you to see me die." "Don't say that!" Herman pulls away, but he doesn't let me go. Instead, he clamps his hands on my face. For someone who is so skinny, he has a strong grip. I can't look away. Talking is impossible. There is this intense pressure building up in my head, and if Herman holds me even closer, I think it will explode. "You'll survive this," Herman whispers. "I know you can. You can think of a way to win this. You just can't give up." I know this isn't true, but I don't have it in me to tell him. I open my eyes, and what I see sends my heart sinking to my stomach. Herman is crying. I've only seen Herman cry twice in his entire life. The first was when his grandfather died and the other was when Gene Dwyer and his goon squad assaulted him in a school bathroom five years ago. I can't believe I am saying this, but for the first time in my life, I notice Herman's eyes. His eyes aren't brown, like everyone else in 5. They're green. Not emerald green or sea green, but rather a nice shade of olive with brown specks in them. Now I wish I had noticed his eyes during the happier times in our short, shared life. I bet they are lovely. Here, they are glazed over with this look of pained desperation. And it's something I think will haunt me until I die. Herman draws me back into one last embrace. I close my eyes and I rest my head against his shoulder "I'll try," I whisper. But deep down inside, I know I can't keep my promise. All I can think about is how much I am going to let Herman down the moment my cannon sounds. A/N: I would really like to thank Better a Freak than a Fake (or, Stephanie) for being my beta reader. If you are reading this, thank you for this story would still be stuck somewhere on google documents. And also, thank you Chiri-tan for reading a section that won't happen until a lot later and giving me the encouragement to continue. Thank you both very much. *Edit 9/19* Reviewers have asked me various questions regarding the world-building of this story, so instead of just PM-ing them to explain, I'm going to use the author's notes at the end of each chapter to spout off facts and details that you guys might find interesting. Let's begin: 1) Where District 5 is: I used two maps when deciding to place District 5. One is from the Hunger Games Adventures game and the other from Catching Fire. It's a good thing that District 5 in the movie is exactly where I hoped it would be. I always had a theory that District 5 was located somewhere along the Nevada/Arizona border and near Indio Valley in California The reason being is that the Hoover Dam is located in that area, and I drive past a lot of wind farms whenever I go to Palm Springs. Geographically speaking, that would be the prime place to build a power-based District. *Fun fact: Ada lives in the District capitol, known to locals as "Electric City", and is built where Las Vegas used to stand. 2) Ada's name does indeed come from Ada Lovelace. Linus is not a reference to the Linux computing systems: it's actually a shout-out to Lost that stuck. 3) She does have a mental disorder, but I would rather not name it because I want you, the reader, to come up with your own conclusion. I did research several disorders, including ADHD, anxiety disorders, and autism (specifically, Aspergers) and have a fairly good idea of what she has. Due to the lack of proper mental health facilities, I doubt she will ever have this disorder diagnosed.