for a hard moment, before rising to crash with his blue orbs in recognition. "Oh my god! Peeta!" My hand flies to mouth, unsure of where the high pitch tone had even come from. My eyes move from his, examining his face, his strong neck, the curve of his muscles against the cotton of his shirt. He's tall and fit, with an air of aloofness over him. Peeta Mellark had grown up. Ridiculously well. His half smirk turns into a full blown smile, his cheeks reddening as his eyes drop to the ground. "Hey, Katniss." His voice is still soft. Vague memories of him always being slightly soft spoken around the adults, race to the front of my mind. "It's been so long, you look beautiful." It's my turn to blush. I drop my arms, balancing on my toes. "Thank you." What the hell is wrong with me? I'm sounding and acting like Madge when she's around a cute, or what she thinks is cute, boy. I mentally kick myself; straightening my shoulders, I cross my arms once again. "You never visited; I've been living with Haymitch for six years." Honestly, I don't feel that this choice of subject matter helps whatever I thought I was going for. "I know." His smile slips away; his eyes capturing and holding mine. "I'm very sorry about your father. He was a good man. My father thought very highly of him." I'm not very on the ball with emotions, but I can see specks of guilt written on his face. "I wanted to call you or write, or something. I'm so sorry I wasn't there for you." I'm pretty sure he's going to start crying, so I don't remind him that we pretty much stopped talking after my father got a different job and we no longer visited Haymitch in the summer. I definitely do not bring up the fact that communication is a two way street, and the emails and letters had stopped coming from my end as well. "It's ok. I mean," I shrug, halfheartedly. I wasn't sure what to say, how to diffuse the situation. I wasn't even sure if there was anything to diffuse. I was impossible in social situations; generally, I took my cues from others. "I would have visited." His hands had returned to his pockets, his eyes moving from my face to take in the darken scenery behind me. "Rye and I were away at school, in California. It's a very prestigious academy that has a reputation in producing the next generation of world leaders." His voice is no longer soft, but rather playful. He rolls his eyes, shaking his head. "We've even spent the summers over there to learn the ropes of how to run a prosperous company. My mother is actively making sure one of us will hold up to her expectations." Haymitch's words from earlier enter my mind as my arms once again lower, just like my defenses. If I remember correctly, his mother was a bit of a witch. "How's that working out for you?" I tease, bouncing on my heels. Peeta smiles and grimaces at the same time. He takes in a sharp breath, making it dramatic. "Not as well as she wants, really." I can't help the laugh that escapes my throat. It was the way he said it and his expression; it was priceless. A minute passes before I can contain my laughter, his smile beaming across his face. "I heard you were to be the golden boy, the next in command with the shipping plant." I wipe a stray tear from my eye. Peeta scoffs. "Only because Mark and Rye have no interest, whatsoever. I wish they did, my mother and I have never really been on great terms." "Haymitch said that you were charming and charismatic; the perfect candidate." So, ok, a little creative license is implemented. But I knew there was always a bit of sibling rivalry with Peeta and his brothers. And if they were falling behind, Peeta had no right to dust his own ambitious nature under the carpet. "Haymitch is decent person." Peeta chuckles. "My dad says I have a knack for moving a crowd." "I don't doubt it." There's a tug to my lips and I'm giving him one of my brightest smiles. His cheeks are once again rosy. "I'll be home this summer, though. I graduated early so my father decided I deserved a break." "You graduated? Peeta, that's like, awesome!" I throw myself at him in a hug. Now, just to set the record straight, I don't hug people. I don't like touching people, I don't like people touching me, and I have a tendency to hold people at arm's length. So, when it registers in my mind that my arms are around Peeta's neck and his arms are loosely around me, it's safe to say that I fling myself backwards, almost falling over the railing of the deck. Thank goodness for me, Peeta is not only charismatic but also has excellent reflexes. "Whoa, are you ok?" His voice is once again soft, which once again fills me with warmth. Oh, I'm just fine. I'm just trying to figure out what the hell is wrong with me. I straighten myself, nodding my head. "I'm fine; I think I'm just tired." "Well, I'll walk you inside." He gives me a tight smile. "Out of curiosity, do you think it'd be ok if we, maybe, hung out this summer?" I can't help the smile that finds my lips, nor do I miss his tight smile transforming into the half smirk. "I would love to hang out with you this summer." I sound like a moron. Peeta nods his head, his half smirk giving him an irresistible charm. He sticks out his elbow, which I take, and we both walk towards the house. I take note that I'm going to have to beat myself senseless for acting like a complete and utter buffoon.