required. In my opinion, I don't believe either, as there isn't anyone alive to say what actually did happen. Regardless, because of whatever Katniss and Peeta did, since the 75th Hunger Games, each year, four people are required to be offered as tribute for the Games. I jump slightly, snapping out of my stupor once more when I hear the shrill and annoying voice of Angrich again. The Mayor has finished speaking and is now sitting in a chair along the wall. "And now for the moment we have all been waiting for!" he says gleefully as he hobbles over to one of the glass balls next to the podium. "I will begin announcing the results of the Reaping!" He gently places his hands along the rim of the sphere, looking in carefully. He picks up his hand delicately, before placing his long slender fingers into the bowl. He snatches a ticket before plucking it out into the open. My heart almost stops as he begins unraveling the ticket and I hope, with everything I have, that it isn't Yohanna or Angelique. He flattens it out before calling out the name. "Angelique White!" he yells into the microphone. Oh god no… Panic fills me, and I look wildly around the city center once more. If my hands were shaking before, they're practically twitching now. It's at this point, that I see Yohanna. She's looking at me with wide, just as shocked eyes. Then, I see my sister, slowly walking out to the isle. On one of the large screens, a camera zooms onto her small, frightened face. With shaky hands, she is trying to straighten her long dark blonde hair. I, too, begin walking helplessly out into the isle, at which point, the hand of a peacekeeper seized my shoulder, who seems to know from previous reaping's. My voice catches in my throat. I can't volunteer. I can't even say anything. I'm useless. "Come on up," he says gleefully as he extends his arms around her shoulders. "Now, tell me, Angelique, how old are you?" He brings the microphone down in front of her face. Angelique looks up at the man like he's lost his mind. Her knees are shaking and even her hands, just like mine, are twitching by her side. "S-Seventeen," she mumbles, tears threatening to spill. I want to scream, but once again, my voice catches in my throat, and I'm helpless. I'm of no use to stop anything. Then, I see my brother off to the side; he is looking at me as well, and I watch him, taking him in for a moment. If it had been my brother, would I have volunteered? With it being a boy and me having a choice, would have I volunteered for him? "Aren't you lucky," Angrich says, his smile unwavering, "Everyone clap for Angelique!" He brings his hands in front of his face, and he claps excitedly. There is a small unceremonious clap that is only created by fear. I don't clap. Angrich's eyebrows furrow for a moment, him seemingly becoming aware of the atmosphere, and so he tries to do a kind smile, but, even with his makeup, it looks more like a snarl. "Why don't we do the boys?" His movement over to the other glass ball sets me on panic all at once. Pitifully, I forget all about Angelique, as fear for myself grows once more. I can feel the sweat on my forehead as my heart pounds wildly in my chest. It could still be me… I think as the dread, nervousness, and anxiety of the entire week hits me tenfold when his long slender fingers once again extend into the ball. He pulls the paper out, and I'm overwhelmed by a short period of dizziness that almost brings me to my knees. I feel my eyes lull slightly before I force myself to snap out of it. "Alecsander White!" At this point, everything stops. My heart stops in my chest. My breath gets caught in my throat, and every single person in the square gets frozen in time as the name registers in my mind. Alecsander White… Me. Then a blood-screeching scream snaps me back to reality. The wrenching voice seems to push the play buttons and then the fast-forward button as I stumble forward in the isle and up to the stage. "NO!" I hear Yohanna behind me, pushing through the crowd, her scream damaging everyone's ears, ripping me apart… blood-screeching. That would have been me if I only had the courage. I couldn't even speak for my sister, but Yohanna is speaking for me. "Alec!" I can't look back at her, because if I do, I will stop, and then the whole country will watch me being dragged up to the stage by peacekeepers. I can't let that happen… I stagger, almost automatically, up the steps, trying to keep my face completely devoid of any emotion, but, inside my heart feels like it has finally broken down into my stomach. The dread and anxiety of the week ceases, because I know I am going to die. You'd think I would be completely distraught by this fact, but, the rush of the situation is too much for my mind to handle. In the midst of the chaos in my brain, I see Yohanna, being held back by the peacekeepers as she struggles to reach me. When I look into her eyes, my mind barely acknowledges her desperation, but I can see it. Then I look to my mother, who is crying in a heap on the floor. How should I react to that? I don't know… Then I look to my brother. He's looking at me in a way that I haven't ever seen him look at me before. I see the tears threatening his eyes, and I can't help but be shocked by them. Then I manage to look at my face on the large screen, and I see only fear.