girl from Six can shoot apparently. I get off the cold stone ground and spring forward. I reach the table and grab a shield to block her next arrow. I respond in turn by throwing a spear at her, she ducks out of the way but I would have missed regardless. I grab the first aid kit and smash it open, gauze and tubes fly everywhere. I grab a few pill bottles and stuff them in my pocket, praying one is a pain killer. I spend a few more precious seconds grabbing the only two spears from the table and a box of dry matches. The boy I started next to, from Five, comes up to the table with a knife raised high. He goes to stab me but I side step out of the way before kicking him in the knee. It bends backwards at an awful angle. He starts to scream, but I silence him with my spear. My third kill, almost instinctive. Claudia reaches the table the same time as two other tributes whose faces and numbers I don't catch. She cuts one down almost immediately. The other prolongs her just enough for me to escape. For good measure I grab a cupcake as I leave the feast table. Wouldn't seem right not celebrating a victory. A total of four cannons go off, leaving four of us alive. To my vexation none of the cannons belongs to Claudia or Marker. Two very uneventful nights later a cannon explodes and awakens me. The face of the girl from Six, the one who tried to shoot me, lights the sky immediately. Without warning a tower in the distance collapses, one of the four largest outer towers. Then another one more inward collapses, leaving only giant piles of rubble. It dawns on me that this is their finale. I need to move. I throw my backpack away and grab the remaining 5 spears I have and my shield. Running down stone stairs I get glimpses of bridges collapsing, bricks flying around, thunderous crashing everywhere. I reach a drawbridge that thankfully is down I sprint across just as the tower I was in implodes. Down another flight, through a gate, another bridge. Then I run into a room with velvet tapestries. The gate behind me slams shut and I turn to find a lever to open it but none exists. Within seconds Marker, then Claudia share my experience. "Was always meant to be us wasn't it?" Marker asks out of breath. He puts his hands on his knees and leans, huffing. "No. Just me." Claudia runs at him and uses a wooden chest as a springboard to jump on top of him. They collapse into a pile and roll back and forth until a cannon sounds. She rises. "Bout time I get to fight you." I throw a spear at her but she knocks it from the air with one of her blades. She spins towards me as I throw two more at her, meeting the same fate. I drop one spear to the ground and hold tight the last one I have. Her swords meet me with a crash. I block one with my shield and parry with the reach of my spear. I jab at her but her flickering blades knock the tip away. We dance for another 5 minutes each making close calls on the other's life. I have cuts on my back and one running down my arm. She has holes poking out of her shoulder and leg. None of it life threatening, until the blood loss starts to take it's tole. Another jab. Another parry. Another crash of sword on shield. My shield arm seeming slower, her footwork getting ever sloppier. We step back a few moments each catching our breath. I remove my shield and firmly grasp my spear with both hands. It's time to end this. We make eye contact and nod. Then burst forward. It's time to play the game. I drop down and slide into her, her swords barely a foot above my head as I come crashing into her. But I came crashing spear first. I get up and pull the point from her chest. She tries to get up but I place my boot on her neck. "Goodnight." I stompdown. "Please tell us your favorite moment!" Lucan implores me. I answer honestly. "It was getting away from the feast with the cupcake. I admit the matches kept me warm those last few nights and the pills worked wonders on my ankle, but the cupcake is what let me know I was destined to win." Everyone laughs. I've become an instant celebrity, my first day back and they patched me up and threw me back on stage. "We're running out of time! Can you sum up this whole experience for us in one sentence?" I think about saying play the game, but that would be my mother speaking not me. So I settle for the next best thing. "First victor ever has a nice ring to it, doesn't it?" "Jeremiah I'm so proud of you!" My mom tackles me into a tremendous bear hug, crying. "I knew you could do it. I just simply knew it." She wipes away her tears and kisses my forehead. "After losing your father. I just don't know how I would have survived if I lost my son to those assholes in The Capital." "Well you might have to share me with them for a little while, I'm in high demand. Lots of interviews and recaps and questions about how I learned to fight." I avoid eye contact with her. I don't want to hurt her feelings. "Just don't loose yourself to The Capital, they change people" "I promise mom I'll always be your Jeremiah." If only that was true. I hope you liked it or whatever. Let me know if you did or if you'd like to see more of these. Have a great day!