of the line has gone silent. "Katniss?" A breeze picks up and chills me under my wet clothing. I'm beginning to think this was a pretty stupid idea. "Shhh! I hear something downstairs," she whispers through the phone. I roll my eyes at my own stupidity. It probably would have been a good idea to warn the person you're talking to on the phone because she's scared and alone that you're going to show up on her doorstep at 3 AM in the middle of a thunderstorm. "Katniss, it's me. Open your front door." Seconds later, the door flies open, flooding the front porch with the bright lights that overwhelm the inside of the house. Surprise, relief, and concern each take a turn washing over her face as her warm fingers wrap around my forearm and drag me inside. She instructs me to wait in the living room while she runs up to retrieve a towel for me. When she returns, she reluctantly offers me my own Detroit Pistons sweater. I briefly recall the day I gave it to her, the day she saved my life. That was the first and last time I saw Katniss Everdeen truly vulnerable. Tonight pales in comparison. I feel awkward taking it back from her, but it's not like she has a father at home to borrow from and it would absolutely kill me if she lends me something of Gale's he might have left behind. Ultimately, the threat of pneumonia wins out, and I replace my sodden shirt with the comfortably worn fleece. We make ourselves comfortable on the couch, casually facing one another, sipping cups of sweet, warm milk. Her socked feet are mere inches from my bare, bluing toes. I brush against hers as I try to dig my cold feet into the crack between the cushions trying to thaw them out. She must have noticed because she grabs the blanket draped over sofa arm behind her and spreads it over our legs. "You're a great storyteller, you know that?" she says to me behind her mug, steam wafting over her face. "Thanks. It's probably because I have a really good memory," I reply, tracing my finger around the edge of my cup, catching the drops of milk that are dripping over the rim. "The jury's still out on whether or not that's actually a good thing." "I like hearing about your childhood," Katniss tells me. "You watched me growing up. I feel like I should know who Peeta Mellark was all those years I wasn't paying attention." I hang my head over the arm of the couch and stare at the vaulted ceiling, trying to conjure up a childhood memory pleasant enough to retell. "Oh! How about when I was… eleven?" I pause to calculate the age difference between Cyd and me. "Yeah, eleven. My oldest brother had gotten his driver's license and my dad had given him an old car to drive around. One day, I went with him on a McDonald's run when he pulled into that empty parking lot over at that abandoned K-Mart. You know, the one on Jefferson?" Katniss nods lazily, covering her yawn with her cup. "We never told anyone this because we knew we'd get in really big trouble, but Cyd pulled over and told me to climb into the driver's seat so he could teach me how to drive…" Her eyelids start to droop, so I grab the mug from her hands and place it on the coffee table as I continue to lull her with my storytelling. I'm not quite certain at what point I had fallen asleep too, but I'm stirred by the weight that has pressed itself against my body. My eyes flutter open to find a mess of dark hair splayed across my chest. I'm fairly certain I'm still asleep and dreaming this up as I usually am, so I drift back into my REM cycle. It is not until I hear Katniss' name being beckoned by a voice other than my own that I finally allow my mind to return to consciousness. I immediately regret my movie choice when I think I see the horrifying image of Samara, the girl from The Ring , standing over Katniss and me. I have no qualms about letting out a shrill scream as Katniss flails her legs frantically to defend us. The girl's cries of complaint sober us to reality. Prim. It was just Prim returning home. Returning home to find… Katniss lying curled up on top of me? The second the disorder subsides, Katniss and I sit up suddenly, unsure of how exactly we had gotten ourselves into that position. I clumsily maneuver my way over and around her, methodically positioning myself so neither she nor Prim become privy to my typical morning arousal. I try in vain to pull down the front of the sweater, but I've had it since I was twelve, so it's not as baggy as it used to be. I keep my back to them as I head straight for the door, apologizing profusely for… I'm really not sure what. I just know she's going to regret letting her guard down and allowing herself to get close to me again. And I'm almost certain she must have felt it before we were woken up. I've never been more grateful for the cold, biting air as I make my way back home. By the time I get into the house and run into my uncle sitting at the breakfast bar, the evidence of my stimulation has waned. He peeks up from his open newspaper and smiles knowingly at me. "Exciting night?" "It's not what you think," I say regretfully. His eyebrows perk up. "No, Uncle Haymitch. Don't even ask." REVIEW! REVIEW! I want to know if I should bother with these outtakes or if you'd rather I channel all my time and energy into the original story. Specifics are also helpful. :) HAPPY NEW YEAR!