end of a berry. I reached out and touched the purplish blue fruit and pulled my hand instinctively back. " That's nightlock, Peeta!" Katniss' voice yelled at me as she slapped it out of my hand in the arena. "You'd be dead in a minute!" I ripped a handful off of the bush and whispered to myself, "Good," just before I heard the crunching of the leaves. I froze in place, not even taking a breath for fear of what might be stalking me, and heard the tiny cries. Peeking through the bushes, I saw her. Katniss. She was no more than twenty feet away from me, on her knees dressed in a nightgown, her hair was frazzled and hanging over one shoulder, and her face buried in her hands. She too had come to the woods in an attempt to seek out comfort, instead finding the cruelty of anguish awaiting her arrival. I wanted to reach out and touch her. To run my hand down her back and fold her into my arms. To tell her that I would help her through this. To let her know I understood and that together we could somehow find our way back to a somewhat normal life, if such a thing actually existed. My eyes fluttered towards the nightlock for a moment then flashed back towards Katniss. I waited until she stood up and walked away, back towards Victor's Village, before dropping the deadly berry to the ground. My eyes followed the berries I had dropped as they rolled into the trunk of a plant. I reached out and pulled a tiny bloom from the bush, felt the silky petals between the pads of my fingertips, and instantly knew this was the reason I had come to the woods. I wasn't sure if I would run into Katniss on my way back to Victor's Village or not, and if I had, what would I say to her? In a way I was glad I hadn't. From the way she looked in the woods, I wasn't even sure if she had been fully awake. I stopped at the grounds keeper's shack and grabbed what I needed, then hurried back to the woods and found the bush that held the nightlock. It was the first one I dug up. I tossed it to the side then proceeded to dig up five of the primrose bushes next to it, placed it in the wheelbarrow and hauled it back to Victor's Village. The large dumpster outside of the butcher shop beckoned to me as I walked by. I lifted the lid and tossed the nightlock inside of it. "Peeta?" I heard the familiar voice of Rooba. "Uh, hey," I would have offered my hand, but they were covered in dirt. "I had to borrow your dumpster. Hope you don't mind." "No. Not at all," Rooba gave me a strange look. "It's nice to see you." It was nice to see the butcher. The truth was, I had no clue exactly who had survived from my district and who was gone. And out of those who had survived, who would be returning. "Make sure no one touches that thing," I pointed to the dumpster. It's poisonous." "Sure thing." "Well," I picked up the handles of the wheelbarrow and continued on my way. "See ya around." "See ya," Rooba lifted a hand in farewell. I began digging beneath the back of Katniss' house, underneath the picture window. I thought it would a pretty place to plant one of the bushes. As I studied the outside of her home I thought, one bush under each of these windows would be nice. Each spring they would bloom in various shades as a reminder of the little girl who was named for the delicate flower. "You're back," the sound of Katniss' voice startled me, but I didn't jump. "Dr. Aurelius wouldn't let me leave the Capitol until yesterday," I explained to her. I wanted her to know why I hadn't come back sooner. "By the way, he said to tell you he can't keep pretending he's treating you forever. You have to pick up the phone." I tried to ease the tension I knew would be there before it grew out of hand, but all I could do was picture her crying in the woods. I could see her heartbreak even now. I wondered what she would do if I reached out to her. If I tried to comfort her. Would she allow me to help her through the grief or would she pull away? "What are you doing here?" There was a defensive tone in her voice which answered my question. "I went to the woods this morning and dug these up. For her. I thought we could plant them along the side of the house." For a second I thought she was going to yell at me, but then she just clutched her arms and nodded at me. I watched her as she turned and practically ran back into her house. Questioned whether or not I did the right thing. I could see her through the sheer panels of the window heading up the steps. She was almost out of sight now, but not out of mind, and never out of my heart. Home, I realized, wasn't a place, but a sense of being and though I had returned to District Twelve, traveled across the train's platform, walked through the bakery, and stepped into my house, I hadn't quite reached my destination yet. I could see her standing at the top of the stairs, her hands running up and down her arms. Katniss...home. Thank you S (different S) my new beta for being so quick and efficient with this story. Not only did she volunteer to help beta this she has also stepped up to the plate to help on my other stories so all hail new S! YAY S! Thank you darling! Follow me on tumblr I'm jamiesommers23