way you can keep me from taking a shot," he hissed under his breath. Immediately her head shot up and she scowled at his confidence, "oh I think not Mellark." "We'll see…Everdeen, we will see," he winked as he grabbed the ball and stepped back. She dropped her head some never losing eye contact and proceeded to take on a more defensive stance. She did not know that by doing so even with her small stature her legs looked long and sleek. Her well-rounded ass peaked out just right in her lacy boy shorts and her taught stomach gave way to her perky breasts. Peeta's mouth went dry as he took her in, all her insecurities seemingly gone with his little challenge thrown. 'This was going to be fun,' he thought. He dropped the ball placing at his feet and started to jockey it never breaking eye contact with her. She could feel the heat of his stare and the weight of his dare. As he shifted his weight from one side to the other, she countered matching his moves the rest of the world forgotten. Plutarch rattled off instructions though neither registered his words as they scrimmaged against each other. Once contact was made between them, the fireworks went off. Each touch triggered the ever-growing inferno, their skin covered in a light sheen was glowing with heat yet with each brush of a finger, or bump of a knee goose bumps erupted like a walk on a cold winter night. Katniss made a quick turn pushing her body hard against his chest bending down to grab the ball with her hands, Peeta's hands gripped her hips hard pressing her body securely to his. Their heads both moved to lock eyes once again as his hands climbed her body to just under the swell of her breasts as Plutarch shouted "Yes!" "Okay let's take this to the green screen," he said dismissively. Peeta grinned at Katniss pulling her closer yet, "your pretty good for a girl," he boldly spoke. Without a second thought, she elbowed him in the ribs, he responded with a deep growl, "Oh damn you're hot!" Making her stomach clench and moisture pool between her legs, "you're not too bad yourself," she whispered biting her lip. He pulled her close, "woman you'll be the death of me." She giggled and tugging him over to the green screen. 'What is this guy doing to me, I never giggle,' she thought. "So here's the deal right now the screen is showing a stadium I just want you to two to interact, close shots, lots of intensity," Plutarch said humming with excitement. Katniss feeling all fuzzy from the prior contact turned and pressed her breasts into Peeta's bare chest partially wrapping her arm around his neck while her other hand drifted ever so slowly down his torso. He shuddered under her touch his breath hitching. His hands rapidly found purchase on her lower back sitting dangerously close to the curve of her ass. Their eyes fixed on each other with desire and lust boiling just under the surface. Plutarch belted out orders making them turn or adjust a limb here and there to accommodate his lens, he was shouting like an eager schoolboy. Small beads of sweat began to appear on their skin in the afternoon sun and without thinking; Katniss stretched up on her toes and ran her tongue along his jaw. His eyes fluttered shut as his fingers compressed her flesh; she moaned saturating her bottoms even more. She could feel his arousal growing more by the moment and wanted nothing more than to slam his body to the ground and ride him to completion. "Katniss I need you to turn and face me, Peeta place your hands…Yes that's it right there," Plutarch said with delight. Peeta's hands splayed across the smooth olive skin of her stomach. With a mind of their own his hands began to map the contours of her body one sliding down perilously close to the junction of her thighs the other firmly wedged between her breasts. Both were whimpering with glee barely containing the fervor between them. "That's a wrap people, wow that was, well just whew! I need a drink," Plutarch stated wiping the sweat from his brow. Soon followed by various wolf whistles and catcalls from the others, "Damn that was hot guys, I need a cold shower," shouted Finnick. "Cold shower? Are you kidding I need to get laid like now!" Johanna hissed. Thresh gave her a sly smirk saying he was down with that. "Katniss you were wonderful I knew you could do this," Cinna exclaimed giving her a hug. Peeta and Katniss just awkwardly stood by accepting the many praises noticing everyone's state as well. All of them seemed to be flushed yet they were standing in the shade. Upon further inspection, one could easily see the half-mast bulges in the guys form fitting boxers and the erect nipples peaking through the girls various tops. Katniss abruptly turned to Peeta with wide eyes, a blush creeping up her body. He responded with the sexiest smirk swiftly crushing her to his chest. "Alright everyone we are done, let's head out," Cinna cooed his eyes full of mirth. As everybody, heading back in Katniss began to pull away but Peeta quickly jerked her back spinning her to face him. Before she could utter a word, his lips were on hers as he hoisted her up her legs wrapping tightly around his muscular frame. He marched forward her back colliding with the wall of the building fingers digging into his back, thighs hard-pressed against his sides when one last click was heard, one last flash popped. "Oh god, I really need that drink," Plutarch whined as he headed inside. After his departure, Katniss and Peeta both started to chuckle but hurriedly returned to kissing. "I still need to score you Everdeen," Peeta cheekily said. "Game on Mellark," she retorted. "Game on