door to my chamber if I look over my shoulder. We suddenly stop and I have to adjust my balance, I hear Blossom storm out of her chamber and wonder what has happened in front. "Aren't you just so excited? We are going to murder every last one of those other contenders together. Deal?" I have to run through what she has just said in my mind, as it is so disturbing. But she is right, I need her if I am going to have any chance of winning. "Ha! Yes, they won't know what will have hit them." Blossom sends me a cheeky side smirk and links my arm asking me to lead her to the car waiting outside. I nod and agree, noticing she is almost the same height as me. Her grip is quite tight around my arm as if she is trying to get my attention. I can hear her talking but my mind doesn't want to listen, so I don't seem rude I nod every now and then or occasionally frown. Techno stops and turns to look at us. "We are about to leave the building now and a car is waiting outside to send us to the Capitol. I hope you are just as excited as me". I can't help but smirk a little as his facial expression is silent during the word 'excited', yet his arm gestures seem to mimic the word. Many bright lights flicker on and off the doors open and I realise that there are over a hundred cameras flashing at us. Techno has to guide me and Blossom into the car as neither of us can see in front of us. Techno must be used to it after hosting the reaping for years. Inside the car it is as bright as the flashes outside. All I can think of, is what is with the obsession of bright colours or lights during this time. I just want to go outside grab a pile of dirt and smear it over the chairs, the perfection of everything right now is disturbing me; when everything is so horrid in my mind. Everyone seems to be silent in the car journey, maybe it is because of my facial expressions as I stare out the window full of hate for everything. Blossom nudges me and asks if I know her from training. "No, sorry. I'm usually separated from the main group because of my father being the mayor and all..." Then it hits me. She was the one I noticed when I was 12. I remember sitting in the waiting area for my training session and looking through the one way window at a class which was already in a session. This blonde girl in the class was curled up in the corner while everyone was training until the teacher told everyone to attack her and made her defend herself. The blond girl who was sat there begins to stand and turns out to be tall, long haired and stunning. She seemed to have no weapons while sat down until she opened up her jacket filled with axes. Her eyes opened and were bright green shining through her long full fringe which covered some of her face. You could tell she was furious, the rest of the class; being careers and all still ran in after her not knowing what she was capable of. I saw every last one of them thrown across the room, barely being able to breathe after the shock of what this small innocent blonde girl was capable of. "Nice" I heard the teacher shout at the girl. A glare shoots from her eyes and locks on to the teacher. Four axes are swung simultaneously towards the teacher pinning each of his arms and legs against the wall. "Well done, now let me down." The girl begins to slowly move towards the teacher dragging her axe against the floor causing sparks to appear. "It's time for your lesson" whispers the girl. An alarm sounded that very second and a swarm of peacekeepers ran through the waiting room smashing through the window. Her eyes locked on to mine as the window was breached. A smile was shot towards me as I got knocked out of the way by a peacekeeper. An axe covered in blood replaced where my body was once sat. I lied there watching the blood drip swiftly from the axe onto the clean white floor. I turn my head away from Blossom and begin to stare out the window again as if I remembered nothing. Does this mean she remembers that day? Was she after me? These questions fill my mind and my expression goes from angry to nervous. "Come on blue eyes, we're at the station!" I hear being shouted towards me as the sound of the car door slamming startles me from daydreaming. Blossom opens my door for me and links my arm once again. As I look towards her I notice she has unclipped her fringe and she still has the long full fringe covering her eyes from that day in the training centre. "We get to meet Ocean and Zinax on board don't we?" I say strongly towards Blossom. "Yeah, but what's the point? I'm sure they have nothing they can teach me. Or the Mayors son." "You're mistaken." I hear from behind from a deep voice. It's Zinax. His blonde spiked up hair with tips of blue seems to overwhelm me, as I feel it should be for me. "Do you like the colour, Cobalt?" "Ye-"I manage to get out. "Stop sucking up to the Mayors kid Zinax. Get on board, now." Gets shouted out of the train's window. I am guessing that is Ocean, nice soothing name for someone so aggressive. I guess she is a bit like Blossom. My mind seems to think I could be Zinax and Ocean, Blossom. This is crazy as it is obviously just random, or is it.