at the air, as another string of "Dadadadadadada" comes out of her mouth. I pick her up and she snuggles her tiny face into my neck and grabs tightly to my shirt. "I told you." Katniss says as she returns to our dinner. "I may have carried her for nine months and fed her, but she only had eyes for you." "Well it can stay that away, no boy is ever taking her away from me. She's too good for them anyway" I rebuttal to my wife. Katniss just laughs and Fawn tries to mimic the sound. I could tell from her attempt at her laugh would one day sound just like my wife's. It's only a few weeks later that she takes her first steps. Katniss is paying with her on the living room floor and I am drawing the seen from a few yards away. Again my daughter starts in on the string "Dadada" that she has learned will get my attention. But before I can get up and come to her side. She stands up from Katniss lap and takes a deliberate step towards me. Fawn takes a few more before plopping onto her bottom. I expect her to cry out but she doesn't she looks rather confused at what just happened and tries to stand again. My wife and I just sit there. We have learned her temperament already and it's all Katniss. When Fawn wants to do something on her own we are not allowed to help. It takes a few minutes but she soon arrives to me and places her hands on my knee. She stares at me with the same blue eyes that match my own but have my wives emotion behind them. I think I'll replay what happens next in my mind for the rest of my life. "Wove" she utters out in her baby voice. I'm crying before I know what else to do and scoop her up into my arms that will be large enough to hold her for years to come. Fawn looks at me utterly shocked and points at her mother. "Mama." "That's right baby. Mama." I tell her. "Wove Mama." She says and begins to grab in her direction. Katniss crawls over tears streaming down her face as Fawn grasps on to her shirt while still holding mine. "Wove." Our tiny baby says again. As we hug each other and cry because that's truly all we need, and our baby who is not yet a year old even understand that. All we need is love. *Katniss* It's just after Fawn's second birthday that I discover there will be a new addition to our house. Peeta of course is over joyed and begins to make preparation by cleaning out another spare room and painting it in elaborate merials and colors. There are enough rooms in this house that we could have five more children and never feel crowded. This pregnancy goes much easier for me but the birth is just as excruciating. I had been wishing for a boy this time, one with Peeta's smile and handsome face. Thankfully I got my wish. I could already tell he was just like his father by the way he looked at me at only an hour old, such love in his gray eyes, the only part of him that resembled me. "What should we name him?" I ask my husband. "I was thinking Rye. I've always really liked that name." he says reaching for his son. "Rye I like it." Peeta takes his son and rocks him gently in his arms. It only takes a few weeks to realize that Rye is a Mama's boy. He can't get enough of me. Every time Peeta goes to pick him up he gets fussy and tries to wriggle out of his arms. Fawn is perfectly fine with this arrangement. She's not quite ready to share her Daddy yet. He can't go anywhere without her. There are nights when I will wake up and she is curled into his side his arms wrapped around her. I love watching them like this, and can't wait till Rye begins to walk. I'm certain that he will do the same to me when he is older. We can tell that Rye will have a sweet sensitive personality just like Peeta when he is only a few month's old. Fawn never had much interest in the stuffed animals that family, friends, or even strangers would send to her. Rye on the other hand loved them. In particular one that was a little bunny rabbit. He would wine every night until it was by his side and carry it around all day. He learned to walk much sooner than his sister. Rye was about 6 months when he first toddled over to me as I sat on the couch watching him play. When he got to me I scooped him up as he giggled in delight. It did on the other hand take him a while to talk to us. I guess he had my way with words, which wasn't much at all. He was almost a year old, when I was putting him to bed and he pointed out of his crib to his toys and said "Bunny?" I wasn't shocked but happily surprised. "You want your bunny baby boy?" I asked. I handed him a ragged little yellow bunny and his hugged it close to his heart. What a sweet little boy he was always giving love to things that weren't even alive. "Do you love bunnies?" I asked my son. "Wove bunny." He chimed back with a huge smile that looked just like his fathers. This is what our life had become in just a few short years. So filled with love and happiness that I could hardly believe it was real. Every time I went hunting now I couldn't bring myself to catch rabbits. They reminded me too much of my sweet baby boy.