counterpart is another eighteen year-old, a huge boy called Grove who looks even bigger than Varro. I wonder whether it's just standing next to the tiny Fern, but he looks like he must be six and a half feet. He looks resigned and disappointed when called up, but doesn't show any fear. After initially appearing that the careers would have no opposition the standard looks like it may actually be quite high. I certainly wouldn't want to get in a fight with Mitro or Grove, and there's something about Fern which suggests she's not going to be a pushover for anyone either. Watching the recap of our reaping I am happy that I don't give any emotion away, though I'm feeling less confident about my hand-to-hand fighting skills compared to the other boys. From district 9 a pampered-looking girl, Clarissa, is called up, and has to be virtually dragged to the stage, in tears. When calm is restored a kid called Jonathan is reaped. He is as tall as Clarissa, but skinnier, and looks much younger, only twelve or thirteen I would guess. Next is district 10, a little red-haired girl wipes away tears as she bravely strides up, her name is Amelia and she can't be even five foot. She is followed by a strapping eighteen-year old called Carson, with a sad look and lanky, longish, black hair, who must be taller than me, and definitely a good twenty pounds heavier. In district 11 a tiny dark-skinned girl, though judging from the group she comes from more like fifteen or sixteen than the thirteen or so she looks is called up. Her name is Cinnamon and she looks determinedly down at the stage as a boy called Jeremiah follows. He is another giant, I think despairingly, though much skinnier than Mitro or Carson, with shaved black hair and anger in his eyes, saved for the comforting look he gives Cinnamon. District 12 rounds the process off, and they don't appear to have gotten lucky. The girl, Daisy, is probably eighteen, skinny, blonde haired and blue-eyed but much plainer-looking than the district one tributes and looks weak and bony, like she hasn't had enough to eat her whole life, which is probably true. The boy, Syme, is only fourteen, I think, and a bit more strongly built, but doesn't look like he'd stand a prayer in a fight with even me, never mind many of the others. "It's awful, I know," says Woof after a brief silence, "but without wanting to sound too harsh, you've just got to get on with it. You're either going to kill or be killed." "How do you do this," I ask him, "watch the kids you're mentoring getting killed, year after year?" "I don't care too much," he replies bluntly. "If I did I'd go insane, so don't expect care or sympathy from me." "But you will help us?" Tamla asks, her voice shaky. "I'll try," he grunts. "But history isn't on your side." Another silence descends over us, and Tamla soon leaves. After it becomes clear Woof isn't going to say anything, and I have no desire to talk to him right now, I decide to follow her. I knock on the door to her compartment, and after a slightly puzzled-sounding "Come in," I enter. "Oh, it's you," she says neutrally. "Want to talk?" I ask. When she says nothing, I continue. "Look, I have no intention of killing you. Quite aside from the fact that you don't deserve to die, I figure if I can't win then best you do, for the district." "I can't win," she says, tears pooling in her eyes. "At least you're strong, I've got nothing to use." "Please," I scoff, "I thought maybe the careers would be tougher than me, but there were three other giants in there too. Any one of them would murder me in a fight. Besides, they'll have weapons." "So what's the point then?" she asked, not looking at me. "That you never know what'll happen in the arena," I say with a shrug. "The careers could all be killed off by a fire, or a flood, or mutts, or each other." "I couldn't kill anyone," she says, quietly but forcefully. "I think maybe you could," I say, "if it was you or them. If it was self-defence. Besides, maybe we should concentrate on staying alive first." "We?" she says quizzically. "Look," I reply with a sigh, "you're not my friend, I'm not going to lie and say I'll never get over it if you die. But two heads are better than one, and I want you to win if I can't. So I'll do what I can to keep you alive in there." "What if we were the last two?" she asks. "Would you kill me then?" "That's so unlikely," I say. "But no. I don't think I could. I guess the Gamemakers would send stuff to kill us, and one of us would fall first." "So you want to be allies?" she asks, her tears having faded away. "Yeah, I guess," I reply. "If you want to." "I think I'd be stupid to turn it down," she says. A minute or two of silence passes between us, before I ask her, "So how many entries did you have?" "Twenty-four," she replies. "My parents wouldn't let me take tesserae for them, but I took them for myself and my two little brothers. What about you?" "Thirty-five," I say, "Myself, my parents and my sister." She breaks the next silence, by saying "I think we should get some sleep." "You're right," I agree, heading back to the door. "Goodnight Tamla." "Goodnight Rory. Thanks for being nice." I just nod at her and then head back to my own room. Nice. That's a great characteristic for someone to have going into a fight to death. Nevertheless I drift off to a fitful sleep with the underlying feeling that I have done the right thing.