the rules." "I really don't think this is a good idea." "Fine. Will you be my... Oh. Be my lover?" "What, you mean your whore?" "No! Jesus, no. Okay how about... be – be my..." "Your...?" "Exactly. Just be mine." They compare him to JFK, and there are lewd comments said about him and his charm and his behavior towards women. And his secretaries. He does have secretaries, but they go unfucked. He's found what he needs in one girl, a girl who everyone else calls ordinary, but he sees a beautiful kind of ordinary he just can't leave alone. But things happen, and "that's just life," his brother uselessly says. But that's it, isn't? There are no rules, no laws, no mandate on how to handle these kind of things. Open an anatomy book, and which page do you turn for the section on soul? The human brain has fifty-billion neurons with some thousand-trillion synaptic connections passing signals throughout. No one ever said any of these had to be about love. She wears a green dress at the President's Ball and stands near the corner making no attempt to look the least bit interested. Still, she looks pretty but damaged, like an old corsage left behind in the back of a limo, and when he approaches her, she jumps a bit, looks startled. "It was stuffy over there," she musters. "Didn't think you'd notice." "I may not be your boyfriend anymore, but I still notice you." And he knows he has it bad when he really should be paying attention to the President and First Lady walking in, but there's just so much on his mind (like how his tongue would fit perfectly in that gap of her cleavage). Katniss is no dummy. She knows when a man wants her and when it will work in her favor. He's always admired a woman who knows how to survive on her own. So when they share a cab back home, she shows no indecency in pressing her body intentionally against his, the satin fabric of her strapless gown scratching against his tux. It starts on her cheeks and then her lips and then her neck, each lick followed by a trail of butterfly kisses, quick and sharp and needy – like a pin to a board. "You looked good tonight." She laughs and gets out of bed for a cup of water. "Yeah, you too." "This is strange, huh? Of all the places. Who would've thought?" "Oh, Peeta." She wraps a robe around herself and leans against the door frame, cradling a glass in her hands. "What?" "We were always like this." When she quits the next day, he finds out she's been offered a legislative director job for a few months now. "Why did you wait until now to take it?" he calls her. "We needed to say goodbye first." It's not enough. He drives to her apartment, takes her hands into his, and kisses each knuckle until its flushed and pink. "Katniss – " "You should go." "Just look at me." "No." "Look at me." "Why?" "Because when you look at me, I can't remember why we're not together anymore." "Peeta." And he sees something wet shimmer in her eyes. "If I broke your heart once before, I think I might do it again." When they see each other now, it's often brief, short words, no smiles. They have to run into each other – it's their career, their world; D.C. is a concrete arena that never ends, drags you and your gladiator thoughts down with it. But he has a wedding band on now and she doesn't and he's going to be more than a congressman some day and she regrets ever going into politics. But sometimes – sometimes – he catches her gaze, and they hold it for a second too long, and she is the who looks away first. Circles, he thinks. Circles. District 12, Panem – Unknown Future What happens – well – what happens is that in every lifetime, there is a moment where he remembers. And he is always the one who remembers it first. This time, it's in District 12, after the war and after they return. She kneels and tends to her garden of primroses, and he doesn't know how, but it happens. It's the smallest of triggers: her grey eyes catching sunlight, tucking a strand of unruly hair behind her ear, a look of compliance and serenity. He nearly drops the cheese rolls from his hands. He rushes towards her, grabs her whole face in his hands, shaking, one life remembered right after another, real or not real , and her eyes widen because she thinks he's having another episode but – but – He remembers. This is his soulmate. And even though he knows they'll see each other again, that there will be other lifetimes shared, he can't help but think: is this the last time? Is this really you? After all these years, the same hair, the same eyes, the same feeling of love; the same girl he's belonged to for centuries at a time. He waits for her to remember; she always does, eventually, but sometimes it takes her a bit more time than him. It's only fair though, he reasons, that he should be the one who chases her across ten, fifty, a hundred lifetimes, if it means she'll eventually come back to him. And he sees it: the flicker in her eyes, and she just gasps and clutches onto him and mumbles into his hair, "It's you." Where their hearts should be, they stick, the two of them caught in time. Only love makes the difference. Yes, yes, I know, you've felt like you've read this story before. I just can't help myself. Anywhoo, reviews are always appreciated! Or just stop by and say hi, tell me how you're feeling. (P.S. I finally have a new Tumblr again! lukescoolhand Okay, have a good day!)