Serves her right. Does she really think she can get out of this one? It's over for her and she knows it. "I think… I think we'll start with your mouth," I purr, leaning down slowly with the small knife firmly in my grip. Fireface stares me down, refusing to look away from my fiery glare. Well, fine. If she wants to stare at me as I end her life I'm not about to stop her. "Yes, I don't think you'll have much use for your lips anymore," I muse, thinking about how the audience at home will be absolutely loving this. Every camera will be on me. All the people I know back in District 2… how proud they'll be. It fuelled me further. "Want to blow Lover Boy one last kiss?" Katniss works up a mouthful of blood and saliva and spits it in my face. My face flushes red in anger – how dare she try and humiliate me? I feel my entire body shaking in ire and hatred for this stupid Girl on Fire. I try to play cool, not to let her know just how much she gets to me. "All right, then. Let's get started." Fireface winces as if preparing for the pain to come and I can't help but smile. Finally, a response I like. I lower the knife until it comes into contact with her face, the blade slicing through her skin like it was no stronger than melted butter. She lets out a sharp intake of breagth – ' ah ' – as the knife creates a trail going all the way around her lips, warm blood tricking down her chin. My smile widens and I dig harder into her face, getting closer and closer to her mouth. By this point there are tears stinging in her eyes, threatening to overflow but she keeps her lips clamped shut, determined not to make another sound. Well, we'd soon change that. I lift the knife off of her mouth and rip it down her cheek unexpectedly, creating a jagged line which split her cheekbone. Katniss emits a scream – so loud after a little while of silence that it shocks me – which echoes around the vast space. She struggles beneath me wildly again but soon stops when I take my pointed fingernails and rake them down her neck. Blood spots appear in the place of my hand when I take it away. "Please," Katniss chokes out, her voice trembling. I can tell that she hates to see it, you can hear it in her tone. She hates to plead, she knows she should be stronger but she does it anyway. "You're pathetic," I spit in her face. How could she have even been considered to be a victor? So easy to kill… So weak. "How do you think Lover Boy will like you without your famous braid?" I asked her with pursed lips. Before she could properly process my question, I reached down and snatched up the elaborately twisted knot of hair, slicing it a couple of times near her head with a larger knife until it fell straight off and into my hands. I let out a manic giggle. If only Cato could see me now. It's not as if I'm even hurting her, I'm just creating entertainment. Still, it doesn't stop her from gasping out a sob. The first droplet of water rolls down her cheek, seeping out the corner of her glassy eyes. She is losing a lot of blood – there isn't long left. "Is it that important to you? Your looks?" I demand, lobbing the braid of autumn brown hair across the field. "I didn't know you were that shallow. Do you think Lover boy knows?" I shrug, pretending to think about it. "Either way, it doesn't matter. He'll never be finding out now." Her blood-soak lips tremble at my words but she catches them and stops herself. I decide it's probably time to end her pathetic, miserable life before she dies from blood loss. What would be the fun in that? Her head is still dripping blood, her neck and lips likewise. I take out a larger knife and throw it from side to side for a while. Taunting her. Letting her know that this is it. This is the end. I take the tip of the knife and drag it down her chest, her face screwing up in agony, her heart pounding. I pause when the knife is hovering over the centre of her rib cage and look in her eyes, my nostrils flaring. "You really thought you could win, don't you?" A laugh emits my mouth, though it's humourless by this point. Fireface, lays her head against the ground in defeat but continues to stare up at me. When she speaks, her voice is no more than a scratchy breath. "Don't." It's too late. I punch my fist against the handle of the knife and it sinks through her body beneath me. I don't stop until I feel it reach the muddy ground beneath us, then I rip it out again. Her whole body shudders as I remove the blade and at first her eyes go wide and blank but they soon drift shut with a flutter. A huge growing circle of blood appears below me and I roll off of the limp, cold body. Katniss is dead. I scurry to my feet and scowl at the unmoving corpse in disgust. Girl on Fire? I think not. I glance to my left and see Thresh's body drop the floor in the distance, Cato standing proudly with his knife raised. I grin at him across the plain. We are going to win the Hunger Games, just as we've always dreamt of. Two canons boom, one after the other. The sound echoes through my head and I glance down at the body on the floor one more time in victory. Katniss Everdeen, The Girl no More.