of wooden utensils in there. I think Katniss threw every spoon your family owned in there," Prim couldn't stop laughing at the memory of Peeta's family standing to the side and watching the events. "And your dad…he didn't even move. He just stood there." "My brothers didn't do anything either," Peeta's stomach hurt. "Prim, we really need to stop laughing about this." This, of course, brought on another round of laughter. "We Mellark men are such cowards," Peeta's laugh ended in a sigh. Prim stopped laughing and said, "No you're not." "Oh, Prim." Peeta tugged on one of her braids. "You have no clue." He stood up and held his hand out to her. "Come on." "No." She took on a serious expression. "Why would you think you're a coward? You're the bravest boy I know…the bravest boy in all of Panem. You saved my sister's life. You fought the Careers." "I hid what my mother did to me my whole life," Peeta added. "Yet you still faced her, knowing what the outcome would be, and gave Katniss that bread." Prim looked up at him from her sitting position and said, "You've always been courageous, Peeta." "Thanks, Prim, but I never did any of that because I wanted to be a hero. I did it for her." He let his hand drop and lifted a shoulder. "I should've fought harder for her." "How much harder could you fight?" Prim patted the ground next to her and Peeta sat. "You did everything you could. It's not your fault Katniss is stubborn and doesn't want a husband or anything." "What do you know about that?" Peeta asked her with a curious gleam in his eye. "Katniss has spent my whole life telling me I shouldn't fall in love. I shouldn't get married. I shouldn't have kids… Apparently I shouldn't have a life." Peeta chuckled. "She's just trying to protect you from getting hurt." "She tries to protect everyone she loves." Prim turned to Peeta. "Like you." This brought a smile to Peeta's face. "Yeah…she's always trying to keep me safe." "Just like in the arena. She'd do anything to make sure you stayed out of danger. If she could put you on a shelf under a glass dome and keep you there, I think she would. She'd probably just stare at you everyday and sigh," Prim batted her eyelashes at Peeta. He bounced his shoulder against hers and grinned. "Prim? You said Katniss has been crying over me? Did you mean that or are you just trying to get us back together?" "Nope. I meant it. She's even talking to herself. Saying weird things." Prim remembered what Katniss had warned her not to say to Peeta. "I have no clue why she keeps saying, 'read my lips' to herself." Peeta's eyes shot towards Prim, but she didn't stop talking. She knew she had him by the expression on his face. "And I'm not too pleased with you about this…thing that's happened between the two of you." Prim scolded him. "The Peeta I knew would never let anyone get in the way of loving my sister. He would've never given up on her even if she was the one standing in his way." Prim crossed her arms over her chest. "Nothing was more important to him than being with Katniss." "She's still the most important person in the world to me, Prim." Isn't that why he was keeping his distance from her? "Then fight for her!" Prim turned her body to face Peeta. "You two did everything short of dying so you could be together in that arena, Peeta. If loving Katniss was worth fighting for in the arena, isn't she worth it out of the arena too?" "Yeah." Peeta looked down and studied a patch of dying grass. "This sucks," he glanced up at Prim. "It doesn't have to. You can win her back." "I'd like to. Believe me, but…" "But nothing. Peeta, don't let anyone tell you how to live your life. It's yours. If you want to be with Katniss, then be with her." She stood up and held her hand out to his. "Otherwise, there was no point to anything you did during the Games…no reason for the nightlock. You two might as well have battled each other to the death when the Gamemakers changed the rules back to one victor." 'How can a twelve year old girl know more about life than a room full of rebels?' Peeta thought to himself. This is exactly what the Capitol wanted. Katniss and Peeta were a threat as a couple and wanted to force their separation in order to get their final battle. The one the Games never provided. Would the Capitol hurt Katniss? He didn't think so. No. He knew they wouldn't. They were both too much in the public eye as was their families. Prim was right. Katniss and Peeta may have been pronounced the winners of the Games, but if the Capitol kept them apart, they'd be the winners and Katniss and Peeta's actions with the berries would be for naught ultimately hurting the rebellion. Peeta was keeping his distance from her for the rebel's sake, but what good would Katniss be to them if she was a crying mess? Katniss' current emotional state would cause more damage to the rebellion then good. If they wanted to succeed, they needed the girl that blew up the Careers' food. The girl that buried Rue in flowers. They needed the Girl on Fire. Peeta knew what he had to do. It was time to rekindle Katniss' flame. "Prim," Peeta stood up and put his hand in hers. He wasn't sure if he was doing this for the rebellion or for himself, but it had to be done. "How'd you like to help me win Katniss back?" "Now we're talking." Prim smiled brightly. "What did you have in mind?" "I was thinking she might need to climb a tree…an oak tree."