was too old to do something as strenuous as heavy lifting. She brushed the knots out of her hair and tied it into a tame side ponytail. Picking out something to wear would be easy, every year she wore the same dress to the reaping. It was the same dress her own mother had worn to her reapings. It was a bit loose on her, since when her parents were around Annie was fed a bit more. But she still felt beautiful in the dress. It was a navy dress with short sleeves that stopped a couple of inches above her knees. Annie paired it with a thin white cardigan because, even though it was eighty two degrees outside according to the thermometer on Adelma's porch, the sea breeze was always particularly chilly. The kettle went off in the kitchen and Annie picked up the black flats she was going to wear and brought them with her. She fixed up a cup of herbal tea for Adelma; the apothecary had made a mixture of herbs Annie had understood would help with Adelma's sore throat. After her own research, Annie pulled some money together and purchased the mixture, which she now kept in the cupboard for the old woman. After adding some sugar and milk to the bitter tea she walked to Adelma's room. She rapped on the door softly, reluctant to wake her in case she was having a good sleep. As of late Adelma had been kept up late with her own coughing and Annie feared she was developing a cold. The sounds of sheets moving told Annie that she was already awake. "Come in," A raspy voice called as loud as it could. Annie opened the door slowly and smiled at the sight of the gray haired woman sitting up in bed, "Good morning, Adelma. I made you tea." "Child," she murmured eyeing the cup in Annie's hand. "You shouldn't have done this. It's so early." "I was awake anyway." Annie mumbled quietly, setting the cup down on the nightstand. "Do you want anything for breakfast? I can make you some eggs and toast if you want, I think there are some in the refrigerator. Make sure that's cold before you take a sip." Annie worried incessantly. Adelma chuckled before breaking into a fit of coughs, "You worry too much about others, when do you ever think about yourself?" Annie opened her mouth to object, but Adelma quieted her with a hand. She beckoned Annie to sit on the bed next to her. "We've lived together for two years now and I've never brought up the things you do because they're highly illegal and even mentioning it could get you, and me, and all of those children killed, but I want you to know I think you are so brave." Adelma caught her breath from speaking. She took Annie's hand in her own wrinkled one and went on, "You're such a beautiful girl." She reached out and touched Annie's rosy cheek. "And so kindhearted too." "Thank you," Annie murmured. "I wouldn't be here if it weren't for you." "And those sixty something children living in poverty wouldn't be living to see today if it weren't for you." Adelma countered. "And I know you apply for tesserae, even though you think I don't. I'm smarter than you give me credit for." Adelma stared at the wall with a faint smile. "You give the oil and grain to the children, don't you?" "I don't know what you're-" "Please don't lie to me, child." Annie sighed softly, "It's fine." She whispered. "My name is entered twenty six times. I might be picked, but there are others who have it worse. Plus someone might volunteer-" "District four hasn't had a volunteer for two years, dear." Adelma was rubbing circles into the back of Annie's hand softly. "Even so, I don't want it to be you. You deserve so much better." It was only then that Annie realized the old woman had small tears streaming down her face. "Oh, Adelma." Annie breathed sadly. She ran into the bathroom and fetched a wet washcloth. "I'll be alright," Annie promised as she dabbed the tears from the woman's cheeks. "I'll be back for supper." Adelma only cried harder, not making any noise, but the tears were larger and coming faster. Annie laid her back and kissed her forehead lightly. The woman was asleep in minutes and Annie walked back to the kitchen with the empty teacup. Quickly, she made a small bowl of scrambled eggs for when Adelma woke up again. She found herself wiping away tears as she wrapped aluminum foil over the ceramic bowl to keep the eggs warm. She washed the teacup and set it aside to dry before slipping her shoes on and exiting through the front door again. Children were walking out of their houses, clutching their parents' hands so tightly in their own their knuckles were white. Annie couldn't imagine the thoughts of the parents. Living in fear that your child could be chosen to be murdered on public television, and Adelma thought Annie worried a lot. She caught sight of Aria holding onto her brother's hand tightly, they were walking quickly and talking animatedly. Surely their lightness and tranquility was highly coveted at this time. Annie had to admit to herself that she was scared. Not only for herself, but what would the children do without her? If she were to be picked, they wouldn't be able to survive. Surely some of the older kids like Aria's brother and Dalis could take care of the others, but to what extent? Annie looked up and realized her feet had subconsciously walked to the square. On the stage on either sides of the microphone were the two glass jars with crisp white pieces of paper. Her name was in there 26 times, more than any other girl in the district surely. Today would decide her and 68 other children's fate.