of him. "Did I hurt you?" He was suddenly sure he had gone too far. "Katniss, I didn't mean to hurt you." "You didn't," she rolled onto her side, facing him. "My muscles are just a bit sore. Between training, going to the woods before dawn, and housework...I'm beat." Peeta was flooded with guilt. "Katniss, I'm sorry. I went too far...I...I..." "Shut up, Peeta." Katniss closed her eyes, exhaustion set in, and curled into his side. Peeta reached an arm around her and realized Katniss was sound asleep. "Guess I gave you a workout," he laughed quietly to himself. He rested there for a few minutes, his body was almost as tired as hers was, then carried her up to bed. She didn't move a muscle. He was sure she'd stir when he cleaned her up with a warm cloth, but still she didn't move...she didn't move one inch until hours later when his entire body stiffened as a result of a nightmare. "You okay" She rolled into his arms. The sun was still bright in the sky, yet they were sleeping as though it were the middle of the night. "I'm fine." He was now that he was awake and had her in his arms. "Mmkay," she felt great. Tired, but great. She brushed her nose against his chin and whispered sleepily into his neck, "I like evil Peeta." He let out a little burst of laughter. "Evil Peeta?" "You were so... wicked today." She gave her body a little shimmy. "I liked it." "Is that why you said stop?" He still wasn't convinced that he didn't hurt her. "I didn't want you to stop, but I loved it when you said no to me." Again she felt her body give a little shudder when she thought about it. "So you said stop, but you wanted me to keep going?" Peeta was a bit confused. "Wait a minute," he glanced down at her, "you wanted..." it suddenly stuck him, "you wanted me to take it from you." "Shut up," she said it with a hint of shame in her voice. Happiness. That's what he felt coursing through him. "Anytime you want evil... wicked Peeta to appear, you let me know. I liked it just as much as you did." There was one thing in particular he absolutely adored. "When you said, 'yes, Peeta,' to me...damn Katniss. I never knew two words could sound so sexy." "We have to stop talking about this now," she covered her face with one of her hands, and buried it deeper into the spot between his chin and shoulder. He could feel the heat radiating off of her cheeks and knew she was embarrassed. Why things felt a little weird afterward he had no clue, but they always did. He was sure uncertainty was part of it, they were still fairly new when it came to intimacy. "Just one more thing, then I'll stop talking about tit." "What?" He cleared his throat. "Next time we...uh...okay, if we ever do this again then I'm going to need to know you don't want me to stop even when you say you do." He was bringing up a very good point. "I'll just tell you to stop." "That doesn't make any sense, Katniss. You'll have to think of something else to say other than, 'stop,' if you want me to, because otherwise I'm going to think you're just saying it, and you don't mean it," he gave her a little squeeze. "That can be very confusing for a guy." "Oh," again he brought up a good point. "Think of something non sexual." "What?" His nose did a little twitch. "Something completely... un sexy." Katniss started thinking. The first thing that came to mind was Haymitch. "Blech," she made a face into his shoulder. "What are you thinking about that has you sounding like you're going to be sick?" "Haymitch." Peeta let out a burst of laughter. "Oh, please don't say Haymitch while we're in the middle of sex. That would put a stop to it for life." Katniss giggled and stretchered out her legs. "Ooh, how about orange?" "That's my favorite color," Peeta grinned. "Yeah," Katniss said sheepishly. "I was thinking about Effie's hair, but your favorite color works too." "Okay," Peeta's face twisted a bit, "You thinking about Haymitch is like me thinking of Effie. We're going to have to base it on my favorite color...or the fruit." "Works for me. Orange it is." Katniss yawned and stretched. "Time to get up. I'm hungry." "You're always hungry," Peeta tickled her ribs. "You making lunch?" "Grilled cheese sandwiches it is," She got out of bed and threw on last night's pajama shirt. "It's the only thing I know how to cook without burning it to a crisp, unless you want to build a fire in our backyard and let me cook over an open flame like I used to do in the woods." "Grilled cheese and tomato soup sounds perfect." He pulled his pants on. "You making the soup?" She headed down the stairs. Peeta followed behind her. "Thought you were making lunch? Hey...aren't you supposed to be doing what I say all day?" Katniss turned to face him from the bottom step. "If you make me cook in that skimpy thing of Cinna's, I'll be saying orange every single day for eternity." Peeta lifted up his hands and laughed. "Guess life is back to normal again, huh?" "What do you mean by that?" "Nothing, Katniss," He continued to laugh and walked around her. "I'm just pretty sure the words, 'yes, Peeta,' won't be coming out of your mouth without an argument first." Katniss smacked his bottom as she entered the kitchen going for the fridge. "And you wouldn't have it any other way, Mellark." 'No,' he thought to himself as she started swearing and complaining about cooking regardless of whether or not she offered to do it, 'he wouldn't have it any other way at all.'