says, "I only have one more question to ask you." Our eyes meet and we hold hands. "Why me? Why now?" He's asked me those questions before. The funny thing is my answer remains the same. "Because," I cup his cheek and press a kiss against lips. "I want more." I see him open his mouth to say something, but I'm terrified of his answer so I tell him the first thing that pops into my head, "Nine weeks ago. It was a Tuesday and you and Haymitch were playing chess in the living room." I think back to that day and the impact it left on me. "I asked if you wanted more iced tea, and you said, 'Yes.' I leaned over to pick up your glass and you rested your hand on the small of my back," I reach around him and mimic the motion. "It was nothing really, but the way you did it was so…" I searched for the right word, "organic. Like you did it every single day of our lives and it only lasted a few seconds. Just long enough for you to take Haymitch's pawn, but…" I sigh wistfully and my eyes soften, "I felt the warmth of your touch linger for hours afterward. I thought, maybe…maybe he's falling in love with me again." I swallow the lump in my throat. "At least I hoped you were. I stood in the kitchen clutching that glass in my hands when it hit me; that you never stopped loving me." I think back to our pleas in Tigris's basement. "It wasn't you, Peeta. You weren't the one that forgot to remember. It was me." I couldn't hold back the tears anymore. They just seemed to glide down my cheeks, but they weren't sad ones, they were filled with joy and hope. "When you touched me that day, I knew I was falling in love with you…again." My voice is shaky and both our cheeks are drenched in tears when I say, "And I've cherished all the little moments since." Peeta lifts my hands to his lips and places a kiss on my knuckles. "Now that was a something ." We share a soft smile before he says, "Ask me again, Katniss." I whisper without hesitation, "Marry me?" Any uncertainty he had has been washed away and I can feel the love radiating from him when he answers with a breathy, "Yeah," and kisses me softly. There's a thin stream of mucus forming a bridge between our mouths and we both let out relieved laughter and mop up our faces. We kiss once again which leads to a moment I'll remember for the rest of my life: sitting on Peeta's lap, my legs wrapped around his waist, and our bodies…our souls fused tightly together to form one being. Afterward, we settle into bed and Peeta says, "You know, I was going to say, yes, right after you told me you wanted, 'More.'" He lulls his head in my direction. "I'm a sucker for that, 'More,' line, but then you went on and on about how much my touch leaves you breathless and—" "I did not say, breathless," I interrupt him and we chuckle. "When?" I ask him and it doesn't surprise me that he knows I'm asking when we can get married. "Got any plans tomorrow?" "No," I answer with a smile that's so big it hurts my cheeks. "Then we'll go to the Justice Building tomorrow and do it," he pauses, "unless you wanted a big wedding." "No." I spread my fingers open over the fuzz on his stomach. "I don't want a big wedding. I just want to be married to you." The sound of District Twelve coming to life filters in through the open windows just as we're ready to let sleep take us over. "I love you, Peeta." "Love you too," he murmurs sleepily. He's right. I am an all or nothing type of person, at least I used to be, but Peeta has taught me that between the lines of black and white there's a whole world full of color to be appreciated. So when I close my eyes to fall asleep and do what I do every night before bed, I face it with a different outlook on life. I don't allow myself to be bombarded with a litany of angry voices nor am I trying to keep my feet on the ground. I sort of like the way flying high feels. Right now my thoughts are celebratory and a reminder of all that Peeta has given back to me, My name is Katniss Everdeen. I am eighteen years old. They tried to destroy me…kill me, but I am still alive. I am still young. I am beautiful. And I am in love. ~The End~ Author's Note: Author's Note: This story started with an anon's request to read a story where Katniss and Peeta lose their virginity while in the Capitol during Mockingjay. Obviously it blossomed from there when I read the black and white description for PiP. So I'd like to say thank you to Prompts in Panem for coming up with this round's categories. It was a hell of an inspiration. Thank you to Kel for giving me some helpful feedback. To Abby I must say the amount of gratitude I have for you cannot be measured. Your suggestions, corrections and your listening skills are a blessing. To Broadway Baby, is there any doubt how I feel about you? I worship the quicksand you walk on. All kidding aside, I have to give mad props to you BB for your suggestions, your brilliance, your editing skills (I love that red pen), and kudos for introducing me to this wonderful Irving Berlin song, and giving me an amazing title. God knows what grammatically incorrect thing I would have come up with had I been left to make the decision on my own. ;) Love you my dear, sweet friends.