reaches for his pencils and takes one out in a shade of brown. He's made the decision for me. I watch as Peeta's fingers move over the paper and it's nothing more than an outline of my father's face, but I recognize it immediately. He draws my father's eyes, nose and a smile. Yes , I think to myself. My father should be the one we start with. "Peeta," I place my hand on his to stop him from continuing his drawing. I only have a couple of pictures of my father, yet Peeta hasn't copied those photos, he's drawing something else entirely. "What is this a picture of?" "Your father." He answers so innocently. "I'm aware of that, but it's not a copy of his wedding photo or the photo we kept on the mantel." "No," Peeta looks at me. "This is what he looked like when he saw you going to greet him as he walked home from the mines. I used to watch his face light up when he would look at you, Katniss. It was something." I stand up and pick up the book from the table. I take the scrap of paper with my father's face on it, out of Peeta's hand and place the book in front of him. I give him a little nod of approval and run my hand across his shoulder as I walk into the kitchen for a cup of tea. "Go ahead and draw it." It's obvious to me that he doesn't need to practice sketching this picture. Watching Peeta turn a blank piece of paper into my father's portrait was nothing short of remarkable. He got lost in his own little world and I knew I was privileged to be able to watch as he created something magnificent. At first I was enthralled with his hands and how they worked. His fingers always seemed to know what inks to grab for and when. I keep looking at the paper as well, wondering when the different colors will actually start looking like my father. Eventually I am too overwhelmed by my desire to stare at Peeta as he works. The intensity smoldering in his eyes makes me think of the suits that Cinna designed for us to wear at the Tribute Parade during the Quarter Quell. A slight sweat breaks out across his temple and his eyes are unblinking. I cannot stop looking at his face. I have seen this face before, too many times. When he was helping me with the book on plants, in the arena, at the Capitol and then I think to myself, If he had done this during the first Games, shown everyone this fierce passion, it would've been the boy on fire not the girl . Though my stomach growls a bit in the early afternoon, I know better than to bring any food or water next to Peeta while he's working. He's afraid something might spill on the paper. At some point I must have fallen asleep as I awaken to the smell of something cooking. When I open my eyes, I see Peeta in my kitchen, standing over the stove, stirring something inside of a pot. "Hey," I'm greeted by him with a smile. "Hi." I stand up to see what he's making. "Nothing much," he answers my question of what's for dinner before I ask it. "I'm afraid I'm not much of a cook, but we still have some bread from this morning and this soup I'm attempting to make." "I'm sure it will be fine, Peeta." My eyes scan the table for his completed work, but the book is nowhere to be found. "I put it in the cupboard," he pointed toward a piece of furniture in the living room and once again I realize that he seems to be reading my mind. As I take the book out of the wooden hutch I can feel my palms begin to sweat. For some reason I can't seem to open it. I hear Peeta slowly walking behind me. "What do you think?" He asks me. "I don't know yet. I can't seem to bring myself to open it." From behind me his arm reaches out and his fingers brush mine as he lifts the cover of the book to show my father's sparkling eyes smiling up at me. He's waiting for me to run and jump into his arms as he walks home from the mines. Without realizing what I had done, I slam the cover close and I gasp. Peeta makes an attempt to take the book out of my hand, but I don't let it go. Then he turns me by my shoulders to face him, "Are you all right?" Shaking me a little. "Are you alright?" "Yes," I nod my head. "Yes, it's just so… so real, Peeta." I look down at the book again and trace my fingers across my father's image. "How do you do this? How did you know what he looked like when he saw me?" I lifted my face to his. Peeta smiled into my eyes and said, "I used to watch him go home whenever I could." "What?" I was in shock by this statement. "I couldn't help it. I was curious to know about the man who could make the birds fall silent and then one day I saw you running up to him and that was it. After that, whenever I could, I would try to watch for him when he walked home and I'd sneak peeks at the two of you." If there was ever a question in my mind whether or not I could rebuild a friendship with Peeta, it was gone now. Please follow me on tumblr my name is jamiesommers23 if you have questions that's where you ask them. If you want to say something about the story, go ahead. If you don't that's fine too. Smooch archiveofourown dot org/users/jamiesommers has the rated M version