reason for existence. She closes her eyes tightly shut, trying to block her thoughts out. She hates them. They make it sound like he's never going to come home from the games, like she's preparing to say goodbye. Well, if there's one thing she's sure of it's that there is no way in hell that she's letting go of Cato any time soon. She has to believe that he'll come home. If not… she'll go mad. Undoubtedly, incurably, terminally mad. Instead, she focuses on the musky wood-smoke scent that she's breathing in off of his training clothes. She listens to his placid breaths and the thudding of his heart and allows it to let her relax further, forgetting everything that's not relevant like stupid arenas and goodbyes and the inevitable loneliness that will follow. "So, it's my Birthday," Clove murmurs a while later, as a reminder. There's a tremor of laughter that passes through his frame. "I know." "Did you get me a present?" Cato sits up sharply at that, almost making her face-plant into the solid ground beneath them. "Oops, sorry," he mutters, helping her sit up again. "But yes, I did." He seems immensely happy with himself. She had just been saying it as a distraction from herself but now that she's seen his enthusiastic expression, Clove can't help but feel eager as well. "Come on then, we haven't got forever." She winces a little at the phrasing of her words but she doesn't think he notices. He's too busy fishing around in his pockets until he comes out with a small square box about the size of his palm. It's extravagant looking and has a velour coating and when he hands it to her, she suddenly feels her stomach turning nervously. She had been expecting him to get her some dead flowers or a generic gift but this looks expensive. She swallows, tentatively unclosing it to reveal the contents. The inside of the box is just as elaborate-looking as the outside, with silky, navy coloured fabric cushioning the sides. Lying in the box is a thin, long silver chain, looking as delicate as a baby bird – so much so that she's almost too scared to touch it in case it falls apart in her hand. At the end of the chain is a small oval shaped pendant with a clover flower etched onto the front; she only realises that it's a locket when she takes it out to examine more closely. The white gold opens like a miniature door and locks back shut with a click. She drops it back into the box, turning to look at Cato with her mouth open like a goldfish. "It's got a clover on it," she states like an idiot, wondering how he managed to find something so perfectly fitting. "I thought it would be a good thing – you know to remember me by." Suddenly a lump forms in her throat and she can barely breathe. Her eyes sting with unshed tears but she refuses to cry in front of Cato, not on her Birthday. "Don't." He seems to realise what he's said and quickly shakes his head, his eyes widening in horror. "No – no – I didn't mean-" It's funny because they are both trained to kill people and use weapons expertly like some kind of manic ninjas yet it would seem that neither of them are able to even utter the words that Cato might die in the games. Not out loud. "I just meant for when I'm gone. So that you can remember me while I'm gone." She exhales heavily, forcing herself to nod. "Okay." She's not sure how confident he is in his own words but she forces herself to at least be optimistic. "I'm coming back, Clove," he growls a moment later, his voice strained as the determination behind his words becomes clear. He reaches over and takes her chin in his hand, twisting her face so that she's unable to avoid his fierce gaze, his cerulean eyes sparkling with passion. "I belong to you . Not the trainers. Not the gamemakers. Not the capitol. You ." She really wishes she had the strength to hold her tears back but a few of them spill over anyway, blinding her momentarily. She doesn't think she's ever heard him speak so surely or resolutely in the entire time she's known him. It's too much for her to handle. She's just poor, orphaned little Clove. No one's ever cared for her the way Cato does. Overwhelmed and mortified for looking like an idiot, she reaches forward and throws her arms around his neck, connecting their lips hungrily. His mouth is warm under hers, tender and caressing yet simultaneously wild enough to make her gasp. She grabs a fistful of his hair to pull him closer, shivering when she feels his arm snake around her waist and down her leg. She's rough and ferocious and everything she feels inside comes bubbling to the surface when she's around him, but that's okay. If this could be her last Birthday in his arms, she's sure as hell going to make it worth remembering. She notes every aspect about him, rejecting the idea of forgetting even the tiniest of details while he's away. The way his breath tastes so sweet to her and makes her heart thump erratically in her chest; the smoothness of his skin when she runs her fingertips across his jaw; the burning hunger in his eyes when he pulls away and looks at her and reminds her that he's going to come home . "You're coming home," she repeats in a breath, the words tasting so right on her tongue it's hard to comprehend. And even though it's stupid and tragic and unrealistic, the moment is so perfect and he seems just so stubborn that she's momentarily convinced that he's going to win. He has to. After all, what else does she have to live for?