punching it in the face. His blow staggered the borg, but it only made the creature grin even bigger. Finnick was getting a headache by all the screaming and the toxin in his cuts was making him feel dizzy. He dodged the borg's next attack but it's third lunge caught Finnick off balance and he was slammed into the tunnel wall. He was too tired, in too much pain, he wouldn't even be able to defeat this first opponent…at least he'd been able to distract them from Katniss and Gale and the rest. At least the war could still be won without him. The borg drew one of his shrapnel projections across Finnick's jaw line and laughing the most horrible laugh Finnick had ever heard. Finnick couldn't bring himself to punch the creature, his arms hung back refusing to help him, they were in too much pain. So he started kicking the borg as hard as he could, which apparently wasn't hard enough. All the borgs were laughing now, a cold evil screeching sound. It was cut off by a shrill scream. And then suddenly Finnick could hear the panting again. He'd never in his life been so glad to see a Muttant dog before. And there wasn't just one, there were hundreds and they all started attacking the borgs. The borg dropped Finnick to fight the dogs. Finnick landed on the ground and for a few moments he couldn't move at all, everything was in too much pain. But then he saw his weapons across the tunnel in a pile and he had some hope. He lunged off the floor and ran for them, borgs and mutant dogs attacked each other and a few tried to attack him but were then attacked by something else. Finnick strapped on his weapons, slung his back pack on and started to run again. The creatures that didn't move out of his way, he shot or knocked aside with his spear and then he was passed them all and he was running down the dark tunnel lighted with only an overhanging lamp here and there. Some of the borgs started to chase him, and so did some of the mutant dogs. As they chased him they occasionally attacked each other, but mostly they kept after him. Finnick rounded a corner right before they caught up to him. Ahead of him were three truck-like train cars that were on the track. The track looked fairly new, and there were several men wearing black and red military suits loading boxes onto the flat beds of the truck. They didn't look like peacekeepers, but Finnick didn't know what else they could be, so he was now sure he was going to have to fight three enemies all at once. He turned to shoot the creatures that had caught up to him but his gun clicked on an empty chamber. He tossed it, and started whacking them aside with his spear. He couldn't think about the pain anymore, he was fighting for his life yet again, and he really, really did not want to die. Suddenly, he heard machinegun fire, and he dropped to the ground afraid of being hit. The borgs and the Muttant dogs were falling dead all around him some were dying as they grabbed for him or jumped at him. He wanted to scramble backwards, the creatures were too close. But then the men who were shooting at them would know he was still alive. The machine gun fire continued as more and more of the creatures appeared. But he then heard the sound of running footsteps coming toward him, Think I'm dead he thought please think I'm dead . They didn't, however, and suddenly hands were grabbing his shoulders and pulling him up. Finnick's eyes flared open. "Let go of me!" he shouted and tried to wrench away. They were pulling him quickly toward the trucks and they either didn't hear him or really didn't care what he said. He was able to jerk one hand free and slammed his spear handle into the back of one of their heads but they were wearing armored helmets and it didn't seem to affect them. Out of the frying pan and into the fire he thought although he was still struggling just as much. Suddenly he was shoved to the ground, he heard a voice say, "Get him out of here!" Finnick jumped to his feet and right into two men who grabbed him suddenly and tried to pull his hands together. They snapped a cuff on his right wrist but they weren't able to pull his left down to it, and he started swinging his spear into them as quickly as he forcefully as he could, which at this point wasn't very hard. "Stop struggling!" One of them yelled into his face, "We're trying to help you!" "Yeah, right!" Finnick shouted back, "You're trying to kill me just like everyone else." His wounds were really throbbing now and the pain was getting deeper, his dizziness had gotten worse and the two men suddenly looked like four. He realized he was losing consciousness. Someone tried to take the spear out of his hand but he held onto it for dear life thinking that if he didn't let go of it, he could still live, he'd still had a change. Faintly he could hear yelling over the machine gun fire but he couldn't quite hear what was being said. He felt himself stop struggling and that someone threw him onto the back of one of the truck things. They handcuffed the other cuff to a post that was on the truck bed and then someone flipped a switch on the side of the truck which started the engine. He barely heard himself mumbling, "We have to win, we have to win the war, Katniss has to win, this has to end..." As the truck-like train car raced down the track towards he didn't know where.