and the large wooden table that stood in the middle of the room. He also took apart the stove, leaving the bits and pieces soaking in soapy water while he cleaned the oven. After putting the stove back together, he swept and mopped the floors. By the time he was done the clock had struck five. His hands were red and he was covered in sweat. But, the room was clean and, for the first time since he'd come through the door, the place felt like home. His mind went back to the list he'd made earlier. He knew he had to go upstairs to clean his room, but he didn't want to rouse the entire neighborhood with his noisy vacuum cleaner. He decided to clean the master bathroom instead. It was almost six when he went back into the kitchen. He was exhausted, but he couldn't wait for the day to begin. He went out onto the back porch and sat on the steps. The mug of freshly brewed tea he held between his hands kept him warm. He looked at his sad, wilted garden. He had never been much of a gardener, but his plants had always been green and healthy. The yard that stood in front of him was a sad reminder of what had happened to his district. His eyes itched with unshed tears as he thought about his family. His parents, his brothers, his sister in law. He'd written letters for all of them, hoping Haymitch would deliver them after his death. It all seemed so useless now. He had never expected to be the last one standing, and he still couldn't understand why he'd been spared. Or why his district had been punished. What had they ever done that was so unforgivable? They'd always been good, hardworking people. They'd committed no crimes. They didn't deserve to die. He could feel the sense of helplessness and sorrow, which tormented him so often, creeping up on him. He took a long pull from his mug. The tea was so hot he could feel it burning down his throat, but he didn't mind. The pain brought him out of his thoughts, it made him focus on what was right in front of him. Dr. Aurelius had warned him about this. He'd told him that he was going to have to find a way to mourn his family. He had suggested different approaches, from painting their portraits to simply closing his eyes and trying to talk to them. But, as he looked into his plant cemetery, Peeta came up with a different solution. He was going to make a memorial for his family. It was going to be something small and private. It was going to be alive. He was going to watch it grow and change. It was going to be a reminder of how his loved ones would have evolved and grown if they had been allowed to live. A smile settled on his lips. He drained his mug, and set it on the top step. His eyes shone with resolve as he stood up and walked towards the tool shed. A few minutes later, he was pushing his wheelbarrow into the woods that ran along the old station road. It was a little before seven. Shy beams of light streaked the sky as night turned into day. It had been dark when he'd made his way into the Victor's Village, but he had recognized the scent of fresh pine needles in the air. He looked around the forest, trying to recall everything he'd learned about the plants that grew there. He was looking for something small enough to fit into his wheelbarrow, but strong enough to pass the test of time. Something like a small fir perhaps. He was so busy thinking about the beautiful tree he was about to take home that he almost missed it. Almost. The bushes were scraggly and somewhat limp; with small, shy leaves blossoming all over the branches. He recognized the small yellow buds immediately. Evening Primrose. The flower Primrose Everdeen had been named after. XXXXX The sun was already dancing in the sky by the time he reached Katniss's house. His wheelbarrow was overflowing with the five bushes he'd managed to fit into it. He got to work right away. The soil that surrounded the property was tightly packed after being frozen throughout the winter. So he used his shovel to loosen the ground. He had been working for a while. He was tired. His palms were sweaty, and he could already feel callouses forming on his hands but he pushed on. He needed to get this done. He had almost finished scraping the sides of the wooden planter that surrounded the building when the front door swung open. Startled, he turned towards the sound. There she was, standing a few feet away from him. Katniss Everdeen. She looked small and sad. She was pale and so very thin. He couldn't remember a time when she'd been so disheveled. Her hair was a matted mess that stuck to her forehead, and her clothes… was she still wearing a soldier's uniform? She seemed disoriented and surprised to find him there. "You're back," she said, her voice sounding hoarse from disuse. XXXXX They didn't talk for long. But right before she turned away from him, slamming the front door shut, he saw it. The shy glimmer in the corner of her eye that said what her lips couldn't, "Welcome home". AN: Written for Prompts in Panem, Farewell Tour, October 2015. Day 3: Expressions in Everlark / Canon Places / VIctor's Village. I love kudos and comments as much as Prim loves mint drops. You always make my day when you share them with me. Thanks! You can also find me on tumblr. I'm javistg over there, come and say hi! The Hunger Games Trilogy is property of Suzanne Collins. No money was made off of the creation of this fanwork.