a bow everywhere she goes, but she doesn't use it just yet. Instead, she sets up snares and traps for the game she knows will eventually come back. In time, she notices the first signs of spring. Like the dark slush turning into soft grass, or the flap of new wings up in the sky. She's been living in the cabin for a couple of weeks when her food supplies begin to run low. Spring is definitely in the air, but it's still too early to hunt or gather much. After spending a couple of days berating herself for playing fast and loose with her supplies on those first days when she didn't ration what she ate, Katniss comes to terms with the fact that she's going to have to make some adjustments to her plan. She's reluctant to involve Thom. Even if his offer was sincere, he's practically a stranger, and she doesn't know if he can be trusted to keep the world away. But she doesn't have any other options. And the fact that no one has come around looking for her tells her that he's kept her secret so far. So, she decides to reach out to him. Katniss writes a note and a list of things she needs and stuffs it inside a clean empty can. After adding some money to the can, she walks back to the edge of town and drops her message on the spot Thom indicated. She waits a couple of days before going back to the hollow log. She doesn't really know what to expect, but she drags her empty shopping cart along with her in the hope that Thom's kept to his word. As soon as she reaches the line of trees, she knows that he has. The package he's left for her is too big to fit into the tree's cavity. Even from a distance, she can see it peeking out from under the branches he's used to camouflage it. Relieved, Katniss smiles. Maybe she'll be able to do this after all. With the parcel safely stored inside her cart, Katniss goes back to the lake. That night, she unpacks the bundle, carefully smoothing out the kraft paper Thom used to wrap it in. As she spreads out the contents of her parcel, she's surprised to discover Thom's given her everything she asked for and a few things more. He's also included a small note. Katniss, From what I remember, the cabin was bare. I took the liberty of adding a few extra items to your package, I hope you don't mind. I figured the outdoor lifestyle catalogs could give you some ideas for furnishings. If you find something you like, just let me know, and I'll get it for you. The radio is for you to stay on top of weather alerts and any other news. It's powered by a solar battery, and you only need to charge it about once a month. It also works as a two-way radio. If you press the message button and dial 236 you can leave a message for me. That way you won't need to make the trek back here every time you need something. You don't need to pay me for my services. But, I'll be glad to accept your offer of fresh game when you have some to spare. Please, don't hesitate to call whenever you need anything. I'll always be happy to help. Sincerely, Thom. Katniss reaches for the radio. It isn't big, but it feels heavy in her hand; like an anchor that keeps her from floating away and straying too far from the civilized world. She considers leaving it inside its box and ignoring it. But a small voice in the back of her mind tells her that's not a good idea. Thom's right, weather forecasts are useful, and having easy access to him will also simplify their arrangement. Carefully, she unpacks the small device and leaves it by the window where she knows the battery will start charging as soon as the sun comes up. Next, Katniss flips through the pages of the catalogs Thom's sent her. A small smile curves her lips at the sight of all the different types of camping gear contained in their glossy pages. 'Maybe contacting Thom wasn't such a bad idea after all,' she thinks. XXXXX Almost overnight, the world comes back to life. Katniss watches in wonder as the woods turn green. Dandelion sprigs sprout everywhere she looks. The sight of their sturdy green stems pierces her heart. Their message of resilience and hope bring Peeta to her mind, reminding her that she managed to survive loss once before. But she can't think about that for long. Her pain is too fresh. She's not ready to face the thought of life and rebirth in a world without Prim. Sometimes she wonders if she'll ever be. She tries not to think about the world on the other side of the old fence too much. And her mind usually flits back to Peeta when she does. She wonders where he is, what he's doing… Does he hate her still? She considers reaching out to him sometimes. Leaving a letter in the empty tree trunk and asking Thom to give it to Haymitch. She's sure her old mentor knows where Peeta is. But the memory of all the pain they endured together stops her, keeping her rooted to the one place where she feels safe. 'I'm doing fine on my own,' she reasons. Deep inside, she hopes that, wherever Peeta is, he can say the same. XXXXX AN: I love reviews as much as Katniss loves watching a sunset with Peeta by her side. You always make my day when you share them with me. Thanks! You can also find me on tumblr. I'm javistg over there, come and say hi! The Hunger Games Trilogy is property of Suzanne Collins. No money was made off of the creation of this fanwork.