to be worrying about that, don't you think?" "God, Katniss. Why'd you let me do that?" He walked up to her and placed his head on her shoulder and his hands on her hips. "Seriously?" It never ceased to amaze her how quickly he went from a master at dominating her during sex to the sweet, timid boy she fell in love with. "Peeta…do you think I'm mad at you or something?" "Well, aren't you?" He looked at her with questioning eyes. "Did I say orange?" Their code word for when things got out of hand. He blushed a little and looked to the side. "No." "Then why would you think I was upset?" "Did I hurt you?" She gave him a coy smile and said, "In a good way." He let out a soft laugh and said, "Katniss. I'm serious. Did I hurt you?" "I'm okay, Peeta." She trailed her hand down his cheek. "It's just…sometimes," he blushed. "I know I can get a little…rough." A side effect of the hijacking. A low chuckle started to rumble in the pit of her belly. "What happened to, 'Who's in charge, Katniss?'" She did her best to imitate his voice. He rolled his eyes at her and said, "Oh, please." He mocked her when he said, 'You are, Peeta. You're in charge.'" "Shut up!" She pushed him away with both hands. "What's wrong? You can dish it out, but you can't take it?" He laughed at her. "Quit laughing at me!" She pounded her fists into his shoulder. "I hate it when you do that." He grabbed her flailing hands by the wrists and said, "Stop it, Katniss. I'm just teasing you." "Well I don't like it." She slumped back against the wall and dropped her hands. Her right breast was peeking out through her dress in a tantalizing manner. "And I'm not talking to Gale about us getting married either. He'll find out when he gets here. No one around here can keep a secret." Peeta let his head fall back and let out a burst of air. "Great. We're back to that." "Yes, we're back to that." She pulled her dress closed and hugged it to her chest. "I have absolutely no desire to speak to him about you and me." "Katniss, did it ever occur to you that I might need you to talk to him." "I knew it!" She stood straight up and pointed a finger towards his face. "I knew this was about your damn…jealous…ego!" "It is not about my ego!" He stood toe to toe with her. "But yeah…it might be about some lingering jealousy," he conceded. "Geez, Peeta! I married you! YOU ! Not him! What more do you want from me?" She threw her hands up in the air. "I want you to end it once and for all with him." He took her by the shoulders. "I need you to…to…" his voice softened as he confessed to her. "Katniss, you bounced around between me and Gale for so long…did you really think I could just turn myself on and off like a switch because you said, 'I do?' I know you married me. I know you love me, but you were spending your days kissing both of us at the same time…. loving both of us at the same time," a hint of agony snuck out. "I never loved him the way I loved you." Her voice which had been full of frustration was now filled with compassion. "Never." "Then you need to tell him that. Please," he begged. "For my sake." She closed her eyes and let out a breath. "If I do this…talk to him, can you finally let it go? Can you let all of the jealousy you have towards him…slip away?" "Yeah," he ducked his head down and looked into her eyes. "I think I can." She scowled at him and said, "I must love you an awful lot, Peeta Mellark." "Why's that?" "Because I'm going to tell him I married your sorry ass." She bent down and snatched up her bra. "My sorry ass?" He smacked her against hers. "OUCH!" She turned around and punched him on the arm. "What the hell was that for?" "Think you can talk to me that way and get away with it?" He snatched the bra out of her hand and threw it to the ground. "Yeah, as a matter of fact I do." She faced him head on. "You're wrong," He felt a familiar stirring inside and was grateful for his youthful hormones. "And what are you going to do about it?" She was practically snarling at him. "I might have let you have your way with me once, but you'll never get the upper hand again." She moved closer to him, daring him to try and make a move. He gripped her by the arms and threw her against the wall. "Wanna bet?" She lifted her foot to stomp down on his but he moved it too quickly and she wound up stomping on the grass instead. "Shit!" He laughed at her and said, "I know that trick." He trailed kisses up her throat, along her jaw and let his lips linger above her mouth. "I'm not in the mood for this again, Peeta." She tried to push him away, but he just grinned against her lips. Her struggles caused her dress to open up exposing her breasts to him. "Oh, Katniss. Do you really think I'm going to fall for your hard to get routine again?" He could see her fighting with herself. The anger and frustration playing out on her face was difficult not to laugh at. "You son of a bitch!" She screamed at him. He leaned in and whispered in her ear, "Who's in control, Katniss?" Her head dropped backwards and her eyes closed but she quickly opened them up remembering the rules he had set earlier. "You are, Peeta." And their game continued on.