I'm pushed up onto something, like a large box, and my limbs lock into place. The cheering softens until everything is deadly silent. A microphone is tapped twice. "No," I cry, but my throat is tight, and the poison or whatever is still making everything feel too heavy to focus on. "Every year, two tributes from our twelve districts hand over their lives for the sake of society," Esmeralda's raspy voice speaks. "They fight and compete for the right to survive, for the sake of fame and fortune. Every year, we fall in love and feel the same pain as the families do when our favourite tributes die. This year will be no exception. This year will be our seventh Quarter Quell!" The crowd bursts into hysteria. Esmeralda lightly laughs, cruel and unforgiving. "And, as you can see, I have some special guests with us to celebrate the announcement." Guests? Plural? My heart quickens. Not them! Please, not my family! The bag is suddenly ripped from my face. The harsh light is momentary, before everything begins to make sense. The Capitol citizens seem in awe, pointing and jeering. I turn my head to the side, and I don't know whether to sigh in relief, or cry in knowing that everything has fallen apart. Zeke Wallace stands by my side, eyes blown wide. My eyes fall down to the rope attached to his neck, and my heart pauses in my chest. Past him, Amity Argo and Mako Twittle wear stoic expressions. I turn to my other side, frantic, meeting Maple Palmer and Lorcan Trump, the latter seemingly high. "These Victors, the same ones that we loved and adored, spent our money on and prayed to win... have all become traitors to our great nation," Esmeralda's voice turns harsh. The cheering turns into booing and jeering, the mass faces of angry civilians who follow the pack. "And I could only find it fitting for this to happen on this day." In the silence, Lorcan laughs abruptly. His bouncy smile turns into a scowl almost instantly. "Fuck you all!" Lorcan screams, spitting at the nearest Capitolites. "I hope you all fucking die! You bunch of monsters! Fuck you! Fuck you all!" Maple, on the other side on him, smirks. "He couldn't have said it better. Fuck you all." A confused, tearful smile spreads on my face. We all stand together, despite our different homes, backgrounds, and goals. We stand to fight against the people that have made us. "Colourful," Esmeralda coos. She holds the paper up, smiling behind it. "On the Hundred and Fiftieth anniversary, as a reminder to the rebels that the years will not clear their sins, and they will forever be criminals to the Capitol, the two tributes will be reaped from pools of children with criminal convictions to their name." The crowd erupts into cheers. Lorcan proceeds to swear and curse, but his voice is lost to the overpowering sensation of hate against us. Esmeralda wheels herself around to a podium, one that contains a button. She slams his fist into it. Mako shouts, just as his box disappears, and the rope snaps his neck. Everyone tenses up, visibly afraid, and my heart slams into my chest until I feel sick. Amity tenses as the button is hit again, and her body falls briefly, head whiplashed to the side like Mako. "Fuck you all!" Lorcan screams, as the bloodcurdling snap beckons in my ears, and Maple swings like an abandoned marionette. "Fuck you all! Fuck you all!" Lorcan chants, as the button swiftly takes his box away, and his body pitches with a muted thud. Lorcan goes limp, eyes lifeless and staring at me. My heart quickens. Zeke whimpers, struggling in his confinement, but when I look at him, and he looks at me, a quiet strength emerges as the button is pressed and I close my eyes, unable to look. Surrounded by five deceased Victors is me, alone. I stare straight at the nearest camera, seeing my tearful smile and kind eyes reflected back at me. "I love you," I whisper to them all, tears streaming down my face, as the button is pressed, hot fire erupts around my throat, and everything turns black. I would die my family. And I'd do it again if it means their safety, their future. So, we're here. This is the eighth and final instalment to the EsmeraldaVerse. And this is more than likely my last story, or at least SYOT (I don't entirely know yet, so shh). If you're not familiar by now, then I guess it's too late for you...but my other stories are there and the Collection of the Damned is pretty much the summary to all that is Snow. All deaths will be based on realism, story arcs and whether or not the submitter is reading the story. Obviously, reviews let me know this, and if said submitter chooses to not review, I have no idea if they're reading the story, and therefore, am more inclined to keep other tributes over said submitter's tribute. Each decision is painstakingly hard but must be done. Everyone knew the odds when they created a character. I would hope you stick around, but if not, I understand. Open Submissions. It is not first come, first serve. As per usual, the form is on my profile for submission through PM. Please read the rules there, too. If you don't want to read them, then don't bother to submit at all. It's crucial for them to be understood. I'll also note how many submissions I get. I'll say this here, though: I do not want a bunch of murderers, psychopaths, serial killers etc. They are not good. They are hideous, boring, and make both the author and the submitter look entirely ridiculous. So, yes. If I see it (without creativity and good reason), I will seek you out and destroy you (or simply ignore your form entirely). As always, a review is appreciated. ;)