nodded. Her glanced once more at Katniss before jogging over to where I was standing, checking me over for wounds. "You okay?" he asked, running his hand through over my head – it came back red. "You're bleeding." I rolled my eyes. "Cos that's never happened before." Cato ignored me, looking at my shoulder and steaming on with his next question. "How bad is it?" Cato was the one person in the world who I could be completely honest with but I had to remind myself that the whole of Panem was watching us. I couldn't afford to look weak. "It's nothing." "I can tell when you're lying, Clove," he insisted. Damn him. I just scowled, remaining silent. Cato sighed. "Come on, talk to me. It's not like she's listening," he nodded to Katniss. I supposed that the audience was more likely to be focused on Katniss right now, anyway. "Fine," I snapped, exasperated, "it's bad, okay? Like really bad. The blood hasn't stopped since she hit me. Happy now?" "Of course not, dummy. Look, the sooner we get out of here, the sooner we can get someone to see your shoulder. And leg. And anything else." "I know. So what are we going do to?" Cato shrugged unhelpfully. "All we can do – kill her." I nodded, taking a deep breath to calm my shaking hands and blurring vision. All this blood loss was definitely not helping. I turned around at the sound of a struggle and gasped because Katniss had Cato gripped from behind and was yanking him by the hair. Oh no she didn't . Instinctively, I reached for a knife from my pocket and with a deft flick of my wrist, sent it plunging into Katniss's arm. She screamed, yanking her hand away from a now very angry Cato. In other words… dangerous. Furiously, Cato backhanded Katniss so that she slid almost all of the way over the cornucopia roof. He then picked her up by the collar of her jacket and shook her around like a worthless rag doll. "What makes you worthy of winning this thing?" he spat at her in rage. "What have you done to deserve it more than Clove and me? Idiots from twelve do not win . It's over and you know it, Girl on Fire. I did promise Clove she could have you, when it came down to it, but you just crossed a line. Do not ever think that you're stronger than a career. If you think that for a second, then… well, then I guess you'll end up how you are now. I guess you'll be seeing loverboy sooner than you thought, huh?" And with that, he spun her around and kicked her squarely in the back, sending her toppling over the edge. Her shrieks and cried didn't die down at all as the huge monsters tore apart, slowly and painfully, limb by limb. I knew that she deserved what she was getting; she had sent the tracker jacker nest falling on us, she'd shot me twice with her bow, she would have killed me if she could have. But another, annoying part of my brain insisted that I would have done the same to her. She hurt Cato , I whined. The sensible part of me reminded me that I had killed Peeta first. I had always been under the impression that Katniss and Peeta's love was an act for the Capitol, but judging by her reaction – well, I guess I was wrong. And I had gone and killed him in front of her. If she had killed Cato— I couldn't even finish that thought. Hissing at myself for looking so soft in front of everyone watching but still unable to stop, I marched over to the edge of the roof and soon spotted Katniss thrashing and screaming below, surrounded by mutts. I stared at her for a second before throwing a razor-sharp blade in the general direction of her heart. It must have worked because the whimpering abruptly cut off and the beats soon lost interest and galloped off into the forest. The boom of the canon echoed through my head, reminding me of the throbbing pain coming from the spot where Peeta had attacked me. A beat of silence followed. Cato rushed over ad engulfed me in his arms and for the first time in a long while, I didn't – I couldn't resist. I collapsed against his broad frame and allowed myself to soak in the fact that we had won, that I'd get to stay with Cato as long as I wanted. We would both walk out of this alive. How impossible was that? I will not cry, I will not cry… Tears burned behind my eyes but I refused to shed them. There were tears of happiness of the future with Cato that was now secure, tears of regret for the deaths that I'd inflicted and simply tears of shock that it was finally all over. It was over . "Congratulations, tributes," Claudius Templesmith's voice came from above, piercing the silence. "I give you, your victors from District 2." I imagined the Capitol audiences going crazy, the District 2 people's faces. We were famous. We had won . All of my life I'd trained for this moment and, despite what some people may have thought, I was grateful for it. Cato and I would finally have the life that we deserved without having to worry about the stupid Hunger Games. Cato's eyes burned into mine. "We won," he whispered in awe. "We won." "Told you we would," I grinned, laughing slightly hysterically at the surreal situation. I had dreamt about this for so long but now that we'd actually won… He tilted my face up to his and gently lowered his lips to touch my own. The moment was so perfect that I didn't even mind when the tears spilled over. Please let me know what you think :) x