distance like a faulty firework. At that moment, there could have been no one else in the world but me and him and I wouldn't have cared. I pulled back momentarily to gulp in a breath but soon fell back into his embrace, unable to resist. My last conscious memory was Cato breathing my name. Ugh . I awoke with a groan, unclosing my bleary eyes and taking in my surroundings. There was bright light streaming in through the thick, metal railings of the jail cell. Daylight. I sat up with a start as the situation came flooding back, hitting me like a brick in the face. I glanced to my left where Cato was sprawled out, still deep in sleep. I covered my eyes with my hands, cringing. Oh, God, what had I done? A sudden clomp of thick boots caused me to jump to my feet in shock. A lanky peacekeeper appeared in front of the cell door. He wasn't one of the ones who'd thrown us in there the day before; this one didn't carry a gun and had kind eyes. He nodded at me and asked, "You're Clove?" "That's me," I qualified, taking a step forwards in anticipation. "So what's happening? Can we leave?" The peacekeeper smiled slightly at my eagerness. "You can leave. We contacted your parents, don't worry they know where you are." They obviously didn't care enough to come and get me out, though. "Anyway, turns that they caught the guy actually responsible for stealing the weapons." I threw my hands up in exasperation. "I told them I was innocent." He laughed. "I'm sure you did. Here, let me get you out," he told me, pulling a ginormous set of silver keys from his pocket and fishing around until he had the right one. The key clicked into place and the door swung backwards with a creak. I flinched at the loud noise, looking back at Cato who was, thankfully, still blissfully asleep. "You want to take him with you?" the peacekeeper asked, nodding at Cato. I smirked. "No, it's fine," I answered, turning and fleeing from the building as fast as I possibly could. The light from outside burned my eyes slightly but I didn't slow down, enjoying the slight breeze on my face. It didn't take long for me to arrive at my house, charging through the door to find it empty, of course. I didn't particularly care, though. I felt disgusting having spent the night in a grubby jail cell. Wincing, I peeled off my day-old clothes and jumped in the shower, relief warming me as much as the streaming water. The shower also gave me a chance to clear my head. I was still shocked at myself for doing what I'd done. It was so unlike me. I felt… guilty somehow. Once I'd cleaned up, I returned to my bed and flopped down in exhaustion, groaning when I heard the front door open downstairs. Great. I trailed down the stairs and faced my parents' wrath. I was pretty used to it by now; all they did was complain. They didn't seem too surprised about me being in jail which made me unreasonably angry. It was like they didn't care when I messed something up in my life because they were already expecting me to. I'd always been a disappointment. Welcome home. Later that night, I managed to get out of the depressing emptiness of my house, escaping to the training centre where no one judged me. Where people feared me. When I got to the centre Brutus was there to greet me, snickering before he even saw me. "I heard about what happened." "Shut up," I laughed, making my way over the knife station – the only place I ever went to. The weight of the blade in my hand was such so familiar and reassuring after the craziness of the past couple of days. It made me sane again. "They made a mistake letting you out," Venin called across the room at me. I glowered at him but didn't bother answering back. What was the point? I didn't spend long there that night; a few hours maximum. Just as I was packing away and preparing to leave, who came jogging over to me? Cato. Obviously. Damn, I thought I'd be able to avoid him. "Clove," he nodded when he reached me, his blonde hair a mess and his clothes seemingly thrown on. "Cato," I replied, equally as cool. "I'm just on my way out so if you don't mind…" I trailed off, walking around him in the direction of the exit. I could sense him starring at my back as I walked away, despite him not saying anything, so turned around with my eyebrows raised. "Is there something I can help you with?" I wondered politely. I supposed that this was what was known as 'playing hard to get'. Well, whatever it was, it was the best fun I'd had in a while watching the confusion spread across his features. I had to bite down on my lip to hide my grin. "What about the jail?" he asked finally. "What about it?" He scratched the back of his neck, unsure of what to say. "Well… did it not mean anything to you?" I looked up at him. "Careful, Cato. People might start to think you care about someone other than yourself." He rolled his eyes, finally playing along. "Wouldn't want that," he answered, smirking but his eyes were… pained somewhat. I turned around before he caught my slightly wild grin, marching away and out of the room. I didn't even stop until I got home. I thought back to the night before and couldn't help but shiver with pleasure. I was so not done with him. What had been an interesting day had turned into the start of something else entirely, something that I didn't mind exploring. And who knew what could happen? It was only the beginning…