him, it was nice to actually hear that she loved him. It was more than his dad was saying; he was standing at the side glaring out the window at the rain that was starting to fall. "I live in a District full of people who fight for the glory of the Games. I felt it my obligation to my home to be a part of their shared love. I can win this, you must all believe in me until I get home." Lock announced without a slight shake in his tone, he wasn't emotional. His unwavering determination made his twin siblings stop sobbing. If he had increased their belief in him then Lock was happy. He smiled at the two of them. "Time to go now." The Peacekeeper at the door said, barely holding back the weeping Angelo. Lock's mother departed with a nod of the head, Alluro and Anastasia cuddled into his chest once more before saying goodbye. It was his father who left last; he smiled at him and tossed something through the air. Lock's reflexes were good enough; he snatched it and looked down. The pin was old and worn; three golden letters barely readable were scrawled across the metal. E.A.P . When Lock looked up his dad was gone from the room. "Maybe we could change it? There are loads of other people angry at not volunteering. You know maybe the mayor will let them take your space. You weren't yourself out there, come on… please let's just go ask." Angelo was on the verge of smacking his fists on the floor as he hooked his arms around Lock's leg. The sight was horrible; in the face of his one true love in this state Lock felt tears prick the corners of his eyes. "I am sorry Angelo." Lock couldn't say anything else without threatening to break down any further. Varsity and Braxton were staring at him in disbelief. "A-After Hezekiah. Why would you do this?" Over Angelo's cries it was hard to hear the words but Lock managed to understand what he had said. He was selfish, the four of them had mourned and wept for Hezekiah. Now he was putting these three through the same thing. 'Not if I survive,' he thought. He was going to win for them. The Peacekeeper had to pry Angelo's fingers one by one from Lock to get him to leave. As the door closed the first sob in such a long time echoed around the room. He fell to the ground. Meaghan Paar, 16 years old "If you were thinking of volunteering you could have told me. I wouldn't have been so hard on you all this time." Her mother said as she fell to her knees in front of Meaghan. A smile lit up her face as she twirled a string of her daughters red hair. Meaghan didn't know how to react to this act of love from her mother. She wasn't entirely sure if it was love but it was something she hadn't ever had from this woman. She'd always favoured Axel, barely paying any attention to her other than screaming for her again and again. She thought she'd be happy receiving some form of love from her mother; instead she just stared blankly into her eyes. Her mother didn't notice this look devoid of any form of emotion. She wrapped her arms around Meaghan's shoulders and buried her face in her neck. It was a weird moment for Meaghan. She didn't hate this woman, but any form of love had vanished a long time ago. She didn't want her to go so she pressed her hand against her mother's back and patted it slowly. "YOU!" Her mother was torn off and thrown to the side. She yelped with pain as she landed on her wrist, Meaghan thought she heard the faintest sound of a crack. There wasn't a Peacekeeper on guard; the door was just swinging on its hinges with no one there. Axel threw his whole body against Meaghan causing her to topple out of her chair. She twisted ever so slightly to avoid landing on her arm in an awkward angle that would surely snap a bone. Out of the corner of her eye she saw her mother staring wide-eyed at the two of them. She wasn't going to help. Meaghan tried to stand up but felt clammy hands tighten around her throat. A searing pain overtook her chest, she felt dizzy as he pushed her head back and forth into the royal blue carpet. "It was my turn, little sister it was my turn this year! You dare think yourself better than me, that bitch over there worshipped me and now you are going into the Games! WELL I DON'T THINK SO!" He raised her head higher into the air, Meaghan wasn't ready to die. Killed by her own brother wasn't the way she intended to go but she was defenceless. He brought her head closer to the carpet ready for the crunch before she fell from his hand and landed with a softer thud only causing her head to pound ever so slightly. Axel was unconscious, his head to the left of her leg. A Peacekeeper with a satisfied smile on his face lifted his gun and put it back in his holster. There hadn't been a gunshot, so was he dead? A slight moan escaping from Axel's lips signified he indeed was not. Before he could muster up the strength for another attack the Peacekeeper dragged him away. Another one accompanied her mother outside as she cradled her broken wrist. She had nearly died, her own brother had nearly strangled her to death yet she felt excited. The Hunger Games is where she had to be. All that death around her, she couldn't help the fit of giggles that took hold of her. I hope you enjoyed this chapter! Please review, favourite and follow, I'd love you forever ;)