reaction was going to be, and he also knew that he could spend all the time in the world trying to convince her not to do it, but nothing would stop her from taking her little sister's place. Gale had no choice but to stand helplessly while his life crumbled and cracked like the paving stone he stomped earlier. The Capitol was the boot, and it had just left a giant crack in his life. When he heard Prim's refusal to leave, Gale dashed to her, picked her up on his shoulder, and solemnly carried her back to her mother. He could feel Prim's tears soaking into the pale fabric of his shirt, and to hide the fact the he too was crying, he lifted up the tiny weeping girl to his chest, and held her in his arms, resting his head on her shoulder, as she her was, his. When Peeta Mellark's name was called out, Gale received a sudden rush of testosterone, and almost screamed out the words "I volunteer!" to the entire District, but no, he could never be that selfish. Although he would do anything to save the girl he loves, risking the possibility of not only his family, but Katniss' family as well was not just anything. If they were both to die in The Games, the chances of their families surviving would be nominal at best. Once again, he was forced to stay silent as his world continued to crumble under his feet. All he could do is stay still, look down, and hope Katniss doesn't notice the tears running down his cheeks. When the time came, his one final chance to tell Katniss everything he feels for her, he said nothing. He simply lectured her on the importance of getting a bow. He couldn't even bring himself to tell Katniss that he loves her, before she goes off into The Games, likely never to see her again. The following days were the lowest Gale has ever been. 2 days after the Reaping it was his birthday, but he didn't celebrate, he simply went into the woods, and took out his anger on any poor game unlucky enough to cross his path. It meant that in exactly one week he would be required to start work in the mines, a place he's dreaded since his father's death. After another 2 days of fruitless hunting, it was time for The Games to Begin. He watched every single second, even though he was entirely confident that Katniss would last at least the first day! It was 7pm, and Katniss was safely nestled in a tree, mindfully scouting for any predators or any animals worthy of the effort it would take to kill them, and seeing as nothing exciting was happening, the Capitol would only show her for a few minutes every hour, so Gale decided to give himself a break for once. Then something happened that he didn't expect, there was a knock on the door, and when he opened it, to his surprise it was Madge! "I just wanted to say how sorry I am about Katniss; I know how close you are….were…" She whispered. "Are." Gale corrected sternly. "I'm sorry… I just want you to know, whenever you need something… I'm always here, you know?" Replied Madge in an innocent, apologetic tone. She impulsively wrapped her arms around his shoulders, and held her body close to his, and as much as Gale hated to admit to himself, it's the most comforted he had felt in days, so instead of retracting, he simply closed his eyes and returned the hug, wrapping his long arms around her petite body. For a moment they just stood there, as if time had frozen, and all that was in existence was him, her, and the heavenly scent of roses emanating from her hair. As they began to loosen off each other, instead of letting go completely, they remained clutching each other, each staring down in to the bright blue eyes of the other, then as if rehearsed, they both closed their eyes and slowly leaned in towards one another, until the sensation of Madge's cherry lips was present against Gale's. For the first time since Katniss was reaped, she was not occupying his thoughts, as he could only think of Madge's sweet lips against his own. Suddenly aware that his family were eating dinner only in the next room, he gently took Madge by the hand and led her out the door. They walked hand in hand for about 40 minutes until they finally reached The Meadow on the edge of the District. They walked into a large patch of evening primrose, careful not to step on too much, then Gale slowly laid Madge down on her back and lay besides her, looking up at the night sky that had developed on the journey here. The bright white stars looked so alive against the black that Gale thought to himself "If only Katniss was looking at the stars right now, she'd know I was thinking of her." He was so lost in the contrast of the sky that when Madge lightly brushed his knuckles with her lips, he jumped a little. "What's the matter loverboy? Never kissed a girl before?" Madge said cheekily with a slight wink. "I could have kissed all of District 12, but none would have compared to one of yours." Gale replied, as Madge blushed. Upon seeing her rosy cheeks light up, he rolled on top of her, putting one arm either side of her head, and slowly lowered himself down until his lips brushed her forehead. Suddenly Madge pulled him back to the ground with a quick pull, they now lay side by side facing each other, as Madge runs her hands all over Gale's well formed 6 pack. He just gave the slightest of smiles and thought to himself… "If you can't be with the one you love… love the one you're with."