But still that's five times. But Gale's in there forty two times. Forty two times! Oh God!' Morose thoughts continued to fly through her mind as she took her spot in the midst of the 16 year olds. …. ….. ….. From the moment Peeta entered the square he scanned the crowd for Katniss, but failed to see her. The entire day he worried about her. Something in his gut kept saying the odds were not in her favor. He just knew she was going to be called. She was going to be in the Games. All he could do was hope that he was wrong. If she was called he was prepared to volunteer and go in too. He had to make sure that she came home. He didn't tell his family this, though somehow, he knew that his father would suspect it. As he was silently wishing she wouldn't get called he noticed Gale sticking out of the crowd like a sore thumb. Following Gale's line of sight, Peeta blew out a cleansing breath when he saw that Gale was looking at Katniss. 'There you are,' he thought. 'I've been worried sick about you.' He noticed the concern written on her face and knew she was worried about Gale. Heck, Peeta was worried about Gale too, but Katniss and Peeta would take care of Gale's family if he went into the Games. They had made that promise to each other a couple of months ago without Gale's knowledge. Just then Katniss's eyes locked onto Peeta's and her entire face transformed. There was a gentle gleam in her eyes and a tender smile lifting at her lips. Peeta mouthed the word, "Hi," wishing he could make his way across the crowd and stand with her. "Hi," she mouthed back. With the…festivities about to begin, neither one of them noticed Gale's curious gaze or the questions written on his face. ….. ….. ….. Every eye in District Twelve, as well as the Capitol, was on the Justice Building. In front of it stood a stage with a podium, a giant glass bowl on each end of the stage and chairs which sat the Mayor, the only living victor, Haymitch Abernathy and he seemed to be missing in action, and Effie Trinket the Capitol assigned escort of District 12. Effie Trinket was an odd looking woman with a stranger sounding voice. Wearing an off colored pink wig, outrageously high heeled shoes and clothing is so tight a person's mind must wonder how she breathes. 'Perhaps that's why her voice was so peculiar,' thought Katniss, but her thoughts were interrupted by the sound of Mayor Undersee's voice as he begins to read. The Dark Days. Every Year the same story was told. Blah…Blah…Blah…droughts…blah…blah…disaster…storms…uprising…Capitol… Then the districts rebelled. They lost. As punishment every year each district must send one girl and one boy to fight to the death, until only one is left. They're known as tributes. The arenas can be anything from a desert to icy tundra. Anything really. It usually last for a couple of weeks and once in the arena, there are no rules. These are known as the Hunger Games. If you are the winner of the Hunger Game then you will live a life of luxury. Riches, food, oil, clothing. You want for nothing for the remainder of your life. And your district receives extra food, grain and oil for the next year as well. When Mayor Undersee finishes with the reading of the History of Panem Katniss can hear the shuffling of feet amongst all of the children. Thousands of them are roped off and praying that their name is not going to be called, including Katniss. Twelve and thirteen year old girls are in one section. Twelve and thirteen year old boys, in another. And so on and so on. On the edge of the square are those Katniss considered the scum of the earth. The people who will bet on whose name will be called into the arena. Who will survive the Games? The scourge of District 12. In the back of the square were the parents. The ones that were wishing someone else's children would be called and not their own. On the stage sits two giant glass bowls filled with slips of paper. Inside one bowl are the names of girls. Thousands of names. Twenty of which say Katniss Everdeen. On the other side of the stage is an identical bowl. Forty two of the names say Gale Hawthorne. Five say Peeta Mellark. If Mayor Undersee's monotone introduction doesn't get people's attention when he announces District 12's previous winners, Haymitch Abernathy's, who is inebriated as he stumbles across the stage and lands on Effie Trinket, will. Katniss held back her smile as Haymitch attempted to hug Effie, causing her wig to go askew. Though Effie tried to straighten it out, it was useless. It took a few minutes, but Mayor Undersee was finally able to get Haymitch in a chair. Though Effie's wig seemed to be a lost cause. With the excitement over, Effie's heels began to click as she made her way across the stage and stands before the microphone saying in her odd Capitol accent, "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor!" Prior to making her way to one of the glass balls she said, as she did every year, "Ladies first!" Her fingers begin to do an odd little dance as she chose a white slip of paper with someone's name printed on it. Katniss held her breath, hoping it wasn't her. Peeta silently wished for someone other than Katniss to be called. Gale's hands turn into fists as he hung his head down waiting for an innocent girl to be thrown to the wolves, and hoped it wasn't Katniss. A gush seemed to empty Katniss's lungs. Effie Trinket didn't call out her name. Effie called out, "Primrose Everdeen!" Follow me on tumblr. I'm jamiesommers23