For a split second, she wanted to hate Rye. She wanted to hate him for not being able to keep his emotions under control. She wanted to hate him for acting like he was the one who'd been just sentenced to death. But, more importantly, she wanted to hate him for not taking his younger brother's place. She tried hating him. She tried with all her might. But she couldn't. Who was she to ask him to give up his life for someone else's? She couldn't expect him to forget his dreams, and to cancel his future, just because some asinine government official had decided to invite his brother to a death match. Most people she knew wouldn't do it. She couldn't even remember the last time someone from Twelve had volunteered for the Games. Eventually, Mr. Mellark managed to get his middle son to stand up. He wrapped an arm around the young man's shoulders, and slowly led him out of the building. Katniss heard the door closing once again. With all the commotion, she hadn't been paying attention to the other visitors, and she didn't know who had gone inside. Tessa's parents came out of the girl's room a few minutes later. Their eyes were puffy and red. A resigned sense of defeat hung from their shoulders. Her eyes followed them as they traveled along the same path the Mellarks had taken, leaving their daughter inside the cold stone building and walking out into the scorching summer heat. Minutes ticked away. People came and went. Katniss waited. There were many familiar faces among Peeta's visitors. Most of them were kids her age. Merchant kids she had shared a classroom with, but whom she'd never spoken to. They were kids, who cared about parties, and clothes, and apprenticeships in their families' businesses, teenagers who hadn't been burdened with the task of caring for their younger siblings after their parents' deaths, classmates who were Peeta's friends. She'd spent her life ignoring them, and now she briefly wished she hadn't; if only so that she could ask them about Peeta's state of mind. Were they comforting him? Were they giving him hope? Or were they simply commiserating with him, telling him how sorry they were, and saying goodbye? The door opened once again and Katniss's eyes widened in surprise. Out of all the kids in town, she had never expected to see the quiet and reserved Madge Undersee coming out of Peeta's room. For a split second, Katniss considered waving her friend over to her spot. But one look into the blond girl's vacant stare quickly changed her mind. The gentle, soft-spoken teenager was one of Katniss's best friends. She knew her well enough to understand she didn't want to be bothered. Mayor Undersee's daughter lowered her eyes to the ground and walked towards the exit. She didn't look up once. If she had, she would have noticed Katniss's furrowed brow following her every movement. The door opened one last time, and a Peacekeeper stepped out into the hallway. Peeta Mellark stood a few steps behind him. A cold shiver ran along Katniss's spine at the sight of him. Puffy eyes. Tear-stained cheeks. He looked weak and frightened. It was almost as if he'd already given up. Something between a sigh and a quiet sob escaped Katniss's lips. Peeta turned towards the sound. His eyes landed on Katniss's and, for once, he didn't look away. Neither did she. Peeta's eyes widened, clearly surprised by her boldness. He gasped, almost imperceptibly. She held his stare. Her heart thrummed madly inside her chest, and her whole body buzzed with nervous energy. She was so anxious she could hardly breathe, but she didn't look away. She held onto his gaze like it was a lifeline, her last connection to the generous, selfless boy who had given her hope. Thoughts bounced madly inside her head. She was overwhelmed by everything she wanted to say to him. She desperately needed him to know how much he meant to her, and how much she regretted the words she'd never said. Words. She'd never been good with words. Her heart rate slowed as she silently hoped the merchant boy would understand what her eyes were screaming, what her lips couldn't say. A few steps down the hallway Tessa's door opened. A peacekeeper stepped out of the girl's room. Katniss didn't move a muscle. Time stood still as Peeta's eyes bore into hers, like two drills, piercing their way into her thoughts. Suddenly, everything changed. Peeta's actions were subtle, but there was no mistaking their meaning. The baker's son straightened his stance and squared his shoulders. He locked his jaw, and nodded, just once. Katniss smiled. The scared, hesitant boy who had come out of the room was gone. In just a few seconds, he had turned into a man. A man who looked like he could hold his ground, and like he had something to prove, a man who seemed to be on a mission. Outside, peacekeepers were issuing instructions. The train station's whistle rang. Peeta turned towards the exit, following his peacekeeper's lead, and effectively ending his wordless conversation with Katniss. Visiting hours were over. It was time to go. Officers and tributes began moving towards the exit. A thick lump settled on Katniss's throat. Impotence and a sense of emptiness washed over her as she watched the boy who had helped her survive the worst days of her life walking out of the building, and into the train station. XXXXX AN: I want to thank the lovely AlwaysEverlark for the beautiful banner she did for this story. I love kudos and comments as much as Effie loves good manners. You always make my day when you share them with me. Thanks! You can also find me on tumblr. I'm javistg over there, come and say hi! The Hunger Games Trilogy is property of Suzanne Collins. No money was made off of the creation of this fanwork.