speaking to Prim about what had happened during the time I was in the games. It was now time for dancing, and Rory, Gale's younger brother, had asked Prim to dance. I was standing of to the side watching them when someone came up behind me. "You look as though you need a partner." "Gale," I breathed. "I didn't think you were going to come." I felt myself being pulled onto the dance floor. "You did ask me, you kind of begged me. Besides we didn't really finish our conversation," I pull her into my arms glad at the chance to hold so close to me. "I guess we didn't. It kind of seemed like nothing was going to happen without us arguing," it's at times like this I really wish I didn't want him as much as I do. I can feel his hard muscles, which have developed over years of hunting. "Meet me in the victors' village, I have my own place Prim and mother has not moved in with me yet, and there are no neighbours if we do start yelling at each other it won't really matter Haymitch will already be completely drunk." I possibly shouldn't have said that who knows how he might react but it's not like we can go into the forest this late at night who knows what animals would be out and about looking for fresh meat. "Yeah it's probably the safest place for us although it probably means no will hear me scream when you kill me." I smile to let her know that I was just joking; a small smile appears on her face. "I'll meet you there as soon as I can." I let her go and leave the banquet and head for the Victors' Village. I try as hard as I can to get out of the banquet but everyone wanted to talk to me seeing as I'm the 3rd victor that 12 has ever had. When I finally got away I ran up through the district to the village, I ran past Gale and continued into my house I headed up to my room and ditched the dress and heels, I had just pulled out on some clothes when Gale walked into my room. "Why don't you just tell what happened why I was in the games." "Do you really want the answer to this Katniss?" She just nods. "I couldn't stand the look in people's eyes when they looked at me I hated the pity I could see in their of the girls pulled me behind the building at school like they normally would have, most days I would have resisted but for some reason I just decided to stop caring, I let her do what she wanted," I took a deep breath knowing what I was about to say would completely destroy her. "I didn't stop her although I really should have but I was pissed and had stopped caring. I ended up skipping school for the rest day with her, she dragged me to her home, and well I'm sure that you can guess what happens next. She was the first in a string of girls till yesterday when I started work in the mines." "Why did you do that Gale, I mean why all the girls." "I was hurt so I just decided to go with it I stopped caring the only thing that I cared about was making sure my family was feed but other than that nothing mattered. Look I feel horrible I don't know why I did it, well I guess I do. I kind of thing that maybe if I had known you're answer to the question even if it had been someone else I would have preferred that just because I would have known I would have been able to forget about you and move on the worst thing really was knowing that there was a chance it could be me. So now that I've answered your question will you answer mine?" "I guess you could, so long as that was the truth and you're not trying to get me to trust you. What do you want to ask me?" I really don't know whether or not I should believe him, I mean there is no reason for me to trust him, but there is also no reason for me to think he's lying he's never lied to me before so why would he start now. "Well I know you were lying to me earlier, Katniss how much sleep have you been getting?" Seeing as he just told me the truth I get the feeling that he will not be happy if I lie to him and I don't think that he will forgive me for lying to him. "Gale," the look on his face informed that what I had just being thinking would happen if I lied. "I fall asleep, and manage to sleep for a couple of hours, then the nightmares hit and I wake up screaming. I can't fall back to sleep, so I spend the rest of the night dozing not falling asleep enough for the nightmares to come back, but not enough to survive the next day all I need is more sleep." "Katniss you need to get some sleep, even if you're just going to wake up try harder and you will eventually get over them. Please let me help you in whatever way possible, but seeing as you need your sleep, I will leave and come back after work tomorrow. Bye Katniss." I get up and start to walk out of the room; I turned and walked back to her. I started to kiss her; I pulled back when I thought I had gone too far. "Please don't leave me alone I don't think I can be alone tonight Gale." A/N: Hope you enjoyed, I've got the next chapter ready and will post it if people like it. Please review.