was happening until it was too late. But Peeta was right. This rebellion was moving on, with or without her. It was gaining strength. And victors, with their privileged status and connections, were in a perfect position do some damage. Some of them probably hated the Capitol even more than she did. "So, President Snow kept us away from the other victors on purpose?" she asked. "Yeah. I think he was afraid of what they could tell us." A moment later, he added, "I'm pretty sure that's where Haymitch's been getting his information from." Katniss shook her head, angry at herself for having let Haymitch off the hook without an explanation. "That makes sense," she admitted. Peeta huffed, his voice tight as he said, "It's this annoying habit of his. He never tells us everything, always hanging on to some extra bit of information. "I understand it, I mean, he's been on his own for a long while. But he's not alone anymore! We're supposed to be a team, and it's very hard to trust him when he's constantly acting behind our backs," he complained. Katniss lowered her eyes to the ground. For some strange reason, Haymitch had confided in her more times than he had in Peeta. She had never understood why. Peeta was far more analytical than she was. Talking to him always made things clearer for her, he encouraged her to think out of the box. Maybe that's why Haymitch doesn't want to confide in him , she thought. He doesn't want someone questioning him, or offering alternatives that don't fit with his plans. Determined to get to the heart of the matter, Katniss said, "I don't know what he's keeping from us this time. But he'd better start talking! I'm tired of being lied to." "We'll go see him tomorrow morning," Peeta promised, "And we won't leave until we're satisfied he's told us everything we need to know." Katniss smiled, enjoying the happy pitter-patter of her heart. This visit had gone a lot better than she'd expected. Encouraged by Peeta's promise she shyly asked, "You'll stay with me then?" Gently, he squeezed her hand. "You know I will." She reached for his forehead. Tenderly, she brushed a blond wave away from his face. Peeta smiled. A moment later, his expression clouded over and his eyes grew serious. "We still need to train, Katniss." "I know, "she assured him, "And I promise to stay focused. But, after training, could we just spend some time together, like… tonight?" The sadness in his eyes nearly broke her in half. "I'd love that but, what about Prim, though. And Gale? I'm sure you'd rather spend some time with them." Katniss scowled. "I'll still be spending time with Prim," she said tightly. Peeta nodded and slowly turned away. She hadn't given him a full answer, but she could tell he wasn't going to press for more. Swallowing thickly, Katniss steeled herself for what she was about to do. Peeta deserved her honesty. It was time she stopped running from the truth. "Gale is my friend," she said, "and I'll be with him whenever I can, but he's not…" Words stuck in her throat. With a deep breath, she forced them out. "We're not what we once were," she admitted, "I don't share everything with him anymore. I do miss our time together, our hunting. But that's all gone now." Sadness washed over her as the truth she had refused to accept broke free from her chest. "He's a miner. I'm a victor. We don't really understand each other anymore." Unable to stop the words from spilling out, she murmured, "I don't need him. He's not who I want." Exhausted, she turned to look at the sky. She felt so small all of a sudden, sitting on that porch swing surrounded by the dark. Peeta's voice was barely above a whisper, "He's not?" Katniss shook her head. Trembling fingers reached her chin. Gently, Peeta turned her face, forcing her to look at him. "Are you sure about that, Katniss?" Warmth rushed through her, heating her veins and overpowering her every thought. A part of her wanted to run, to reach the fence and keep going. But she knew it was pointless. Peeta was a part of her and, wherever she went, she would never be free of the need she felt for him. She'd spent weeks longing, hurting, for Peeta's touch. She craved the sound of his voice and needed the comfort of his arms as much as she needed air. Her days were miserable and dreary when she didn't share them with him. She didn't know how much time she had left, but it wasn't much, and she refused to spend it pining for something when she could simply have it instead. Determined to stop wasting time, Katniss leaned forward and pressed a soft kiss to Peeta's lips. Surprised, Peeta pulled back. His free hand reached to cup her cheek, keeping her close to him as he looked into her eyes. Her whole body tingled at the feel of his warm palm on her skin. He didn't speak, but his unanswered question hung in the air between them, blanketing his eyes in an uncertainty which threatened to break her heart. Desperate to ease his pain, she answered, "I am. I'm sure." XXXXX A few months later, Finnick Odair approached Katniss Everdeen in the tribute training center. With a seductive voice, the handsome victor introduced himself. He offered her sugar cubes and talked about secrets. Right before leaving, he leaned into her as if to kiss her cheek. Instead, he whispered, "See you later, Mockingjay." XXXXX AN: Reviews are as comforting as Peeta's embrace. It always makes my day when you share them with me. Thanks! You can also find me on Tumblr. I'm javistg over there, come and say hi! The Hunger Games Trilogy is the property of Suzanne Collins. No money was made off of the creation of this fanwork.