so I thought. But how did I protect her, really? Where was I while she was climbing up trees and cutting down tracker jacker nests? And, when she was scared and half frozen while her enemy screamed into the night. Where was I then? I was here, stuck underground, watching her on TV, badmouthing the Capitol but following most of their rules. Feeling proud, strong and defiant for breaking the law in order to feed my family, while conveniently ignoring the fact that my dealings with corrupt Peacekeepers were what really kept me safe. I was never free, and I was never powerful. They had me on a leash. Cray's leash was just a bit longer than Thread's. My mind keeps spinning but my body can no longer keep up. I give up trying to stay awake, there's no way I'll be able to figure out all of my problems in just one night and I need to rest. Tomorrow I'll be back home and I'll probably be going back to the mines the next day. I'll have enough time to think while I'm stuck in the dark pit. As sleep takes over I hear the soft whisper of the wind and I let the images of dancing snowflakes carry me into oblivion. I wake up to the sound of Mrs. Everdeen moving around in the kitchen, she's talking to Prim. I leave my room to go into the downstairs bathroom, which has been exclusively mine during my stay. After washing up, and changing into the clean outfit that my mom delivered yesterday, I go into the kitchen. I find Mrs. Everdeen and Prim sitting at the table, in their usual seats. "Morning Gale," Prim greets, "did you sleep well?" "Yeah, very well," I lie. Prim doesn't need to know about my problems. Just as I settle into my usual seat, I see Katniss coming in through the door. She looks a bit pale, but the circles under her eyes are not as bad as other mornings. She hasn't gotten out of her sleep clothes yet, and her braided hair is a bit disheveled. She's extended Peeta's scarf and she's using it as a shawl, keeping it tightly wrapped around her upper body. I briefly wonder if she kept it on her as she slept. Prim looks at her sister in surprise. "Wow! That's pretty," she says, as her hand reaches out to touch the orange fabric. "Ooh, it's very soft. Is it warm?" "Yeah, it is." There's a soft blush on Katniss's cheeks and, is that the tiniest hint of a smile on her lips? I'm not sure Prim notices it as she keeps inquiring about the garment. Her blue eyes sparkle as she asks, "Cinna made it, right? I love the color! Will you let me borrow it sometime?" "Uh, sure… one of these days Little Duck," Katniss mumbles. Satisfied with her sister's answer, Prim starts talking about a school project she's working on. Apparently, she has to draw a diagram of a mine's compartment and Peeta is going to help her with it. I'm curious as to how much can Peeta Mellark possibly know about mines and their deep underground compartments. But I bite my tongue. This is not my family, and no one is asking for my help. After breakfast is over Prim heads out to school. Right before leaving, she kisses my forehead and tells me she's very pleased with the progress I've made. She sounds so grown up, so much like a true professional, that I can't help but smile at her. Katniss and I finish our breakfast in silence while her mother goes back into her bedroom to get ready for the day. "So, you're going back to The Seam," she says as she stands up from her chair. The orange shawl has come loose, and it hangs limply from her shoulders. "Yep, I've been released by my doctors," I say trying to make it sound like a joke, but I really don't have enough energy to pull it off. There's a hint of cinnamon in the air and, I don't know why, but it's making me nauseous. "Good. I'm glad you're alright," she adds in a quiet voice. "I guess I'll see you back here in a couple of days when you come back for your treatment." "Yeah, sure." "Good," she says again. "I'm gonna go get dressed, say hi to your family for me?" she asks. "I will, see you later then." "Bye." She turns to leave, and I notice the movement of her hands as she tightens the shawl around her body once more. She walks out of the room. She doesn't look back. Mrs. Everdeen takes another look at my injuries and applies a fresh bandage on top of my scar tissue. She gives me some instructions on how to take care of my back and tells me to come back in a couple of days. After I've thanked her, and collected the few belongings my mother brought over, I head out onto the street. It's the first time I've been outside in days. It's not snowing anymore, but white freckles still litter the ground. I take a deep breath. The cold winter air numbs the dull ache that settled on my chest a few hours ago. As I walk towards the gates that surround the Victor's Village, I remember how the soft, cold snow coats healed my wounded back. I wonder if the chilly breeze will heal my wounded soul. XXXXX AN I want to thank the lovely AlwaysEverlark for the beautiful banner she made for this story. I love kudos and comments as much as I love Peeta's shy smile. You always make my day when you share them with me. Thanks! You can also find me on tumblr. I'm javistg over there, come and say hi! The Hunger Games Trilogy is property of Suzanne Collins. No money was made off of the creation of this fanwork.