mother and sister, through the winter. Home. She had to go home. She could hunt; help her mother and sister with their healing. Winter always provided a steady flow of ill patients. The only question was how did she get back to West Virginia? She still had the vouchers she was going to send to her mother and Prim. She could get them, sell them off and make enough money to buy a ride back home. Plans continued to form as she made her way back to her housing unit. Things could actually work out for the best if she went back home. She missed her family, and her best friend, Gale. Though he worked in the mines now, they could still go hunting on his time off and share their booty like when they were younger. The gate on her housing unit refused to read her palm. Twice she had tried it, and she knew if she did it a third time an alarm would sound. Though the police alarm was disabled, the entry system was a completely different story. Katniss was locked out. Now what? "Having trouble?" Katniss wasn't sure if she was terrified or relieved when she looked over her shoulder and saw Peeta standing there. "What do you want? Why can't you leave me alone?" Angry, she decided, was her best option. "I told you. I'm here to pro—" "Protect me," she interrupted. "Yeah. So you keep saying." "You're home a little early, don't you think? Did something happen at work?" He had been following her since the first night he got to Albany, so he knew that Peacekeepers had shown up at her job, and chuckled as he watched her slip by them with ease. "No. Nothing happened," she lied. "I just…didn't feel well." "Hmmm," he gave her an understanding nod and stepped up to her door. He was surprised when she didn't jump away from him or threaten his life for getting too near. After hitting a few buttons on the palm scanner, the gate popped open. "There you go." "Thanks," her appreciation came out as more of a grumble. What did she do now? Did she allow him back upstairs, or did she grab her personal belongings and high tail it out of there? She kept thinking of the warning those officers gave her. Was someone really after her? No. Not her. Just women with her last name and first initial. It was quite possible that Peeta was part of a team. Maybe his partner killed that other girl last night? Maybe this is what they did. Get close to their victims and then gut them. "I've got it from here," Katniss closed the gate on him – not that it mattered since he could easily get past it – and headed upstairs. Peeta would give her a couple of minutes to get to her unit before following her. He'd knock on her door and try another way of getting through to Katniss. Obviously the direct approach wasn't working. He could try being friendly and ask her to accompany him, but he didn't think that would go over too well. There was only one option; he'd have to stick close to her until the Mutt attacked. Though the idea of putting her in such danger turned his stomach, Peeta knew there was no way to determine what the Mutt looked like until it revealed its identity. The one thing he did know was that they were running out of time. By Peeta's calculations, the mutt could have gotten to Albany early that morning. Peeta glanced from side to side as he opened the lock on the gate. Checking over his shoulder one final time, he felt a tightening in his chest when he saw the man with a familiar face striding down the sidewalk with purpose. "It can't be," Peeta's hands began to tremble. Taking two steps at a time, he pounded on Katniss' door and began calling out to her. "Katniss! We have to go! Now!" Katniss shoved the last bits of her personal belongings inside of her bag and took one last look around the room. She had spent the past year there and yet she had no problems fitting her life inside of her father's old game bag. She didn't even have anyone to say goodbye to. When she heard Peeta banging on her door and screaming at her, she knew she'd have to find a way to deal with him. Maybe she would call the police and let them handle him. What did she care if he got in trouble for those murders? It probably was him and someone… Her thoughts came to a halt when Peeta busted through her door. "Are you crazy?!" Katniss shouted. "Oh wait. You are crazy! You think you're from the future!" "Damn it, Katniss! We don't have time for this. He's coming!" Peeta dashed to the window to see how far away the Mutt was. "We have to go now!" "I'm not going anywhere with—" The shrill of the alarm went off, telling Katniss that someone had broken through the security gate. "We're too late," Peeta opened the hallway door and quickly scanned the passageway. "Is there another way out of here?" Screams and shouts came from the stairway, warning the intruder that he was trespassing, but it was the sound of gunfire that had the hair on the back of Katniss' neck standing on edge. "There's a fire escape down the…" her voice trailed off as more shots were fired and a high pitched squeal of pain quickly followed. "We have to go, Katniss," Peeta urged her, but she was frozen in place. "Katniss!" Another shot cried out, only closer this time. "Please, Katniss." He held his hand out to her and pleaded, "Come with me if you want to live." She smacked her hand into Peeta's palm and prayed that she wasn't making a mistake. Follow me on tumblr I'm jamiesommers23