sure how to handle it. He felt a lot of guilt over the fact that he reached his climax but Katniss didn't. He wasn't sure if girls could get there the same way guys could by hand, he had never talked about sex with his dad and the only thing he knew about it was what he overheard from his brothers or the guys at school, so his knowledge was limited. He dropped the washcloth and the bath towel he used to clean up Katniss onto the floor by the bed and faced her. She was looking at him with a devilish grin and he had to admit, it made him feel a bit self conscious. "Why do you keep staring at me like that?" Katniss gave her shoulder a little shrug. "I didn't realize I was staring at you in any particular way." "You are," he moved closer to her and placed his hand on her hip. He thought about earlier, how he asked her if he could kiss her and it seemed to work, so he figured he'd try asking her again. "Katniss?" "Mmmm hmmm," she answered through a soft smile. "Um…can girls…does that happen…I mean I know it happens…but can you…" he sighed. "This isn't coming out right." He closed his eyes and fell onto his back. Katniss propped herself onto her elbow and gave him a curious look. "What do you want to know?" Peeta stared at the ceiling then turned his head to her. "I feel bad." "Why?" This came as a complete surprise to her. She thought she had made him feel good. "Honestly…I thought the first time I…" he blushed, "…you know…it would be because we made love. Not because you touched me. I guess I just wanted it to be good for you too." She ran her hand down his cheek, placing a kiss against his lips. "That was the most amazing thing I've ever experienced in my life." "But you didn't…you know." He gave his head a little shake and said, "What's wrong with me? Why can't I say the word orgasm?" He let out a little laugh. Katniss' smiled at him. "You just did. Feel better now?" "Not really." He ran his hand down her hair and told her, "I'll feel better when you actually have one." She wrapped her arms around him and placed her head against his chest. "This isn't a contest you know, Peeta? Whoever reaches climax first wins." She felt his arms encircle her waist. "It'll happen when it happens. We've got all night." She lifted her head and said, "We've got the rest of our lives." He placed a kiss against her head and said, "Still…I know how excited you were when we came up here. I hate that I let you down." "You didn't let me down, Peeta." She lifted her eyes to his. "I wanted to do that for you. I could've stopped if I wanted to, but…watching you…seeing how much joy I could give to you… We did make love, Peeta and it was exquisite." He traced his fingers over her lips and placed a kiss against them. "I don't know what I ever did to deserve you, Katniss." They stayed in that position for several minutes, simply staring at one another. Katniss liked to call it, "Admiring the view." Peeta took in her features, marveling at them one by one. The way her eyes glistened like the lake when the sun hit the water just right, the freckles that were sprinkled across the bridge of her nose, her full lips and her hair…it was so thick, so shiny. "Show me how to take your braid out." He wanted to run her soft brown tresses through his fingers. Katniss tucked the blanket under her armpits and sat upright. She held the end of her braid, showing Peeta how the elastic band worked and how to remove it without yanking a bunch of her hair out. Then she taught him how to put it back in. "Want to try?" She had no clue why he wanted a lesson in grooming all of a sudden, but it seemed to make him happy so she was more than willing to cater to his wish. "Yeah." He practiced a couple of times, yanked on her hair more than once to which she smacked him on the arm and winced, until he finally got the hang of it. When he was through he undid her braid and combed through her hair with his fingers. "Tomorrow you can teach me how to braid it." For some odd reason his request made her smile. "Tomorrow you can wash it and braid it. How's that?" "Sounds good." He leaned in and placed a kiss against her nose. He stared at her for a couple of seconds before confessing to her, "I find myself in a very peculiar situation here Mrs. Mellark." Katniss' heart swelled when he used her new name as a term of endearment. "What's that?" Peeta pulled his fingers through the ends of her hair, splaying it out over her shoulders. "I have this burning desire to watch you the way you watched me, but I'm not sure how you'll feel about it." He really hoped his directness wouldn't put her off. She hadn't expected him to be so forward considering he seemed to be so nervous after she had pleasured him. Katniss swallowed the huge lump that formed in her throat, took some deep cleansing breaths and succumbed to the tingling sensation his loving request caused. She would've said yes if she had trusted her voice, however, she wasn't sure anything would come out, so she simply lay down on her back and placed her arms at her sides. Peeta smiled at her, knowing it was taking a lot for her to give in to him so readily. "I love you, Katniss." Her body tingled beneath the covers as she waited for her wedding night to continue.