I'm about to tell her that Peeta is a friend from Detroit, but I'm afraid that would just raise more questions. Instead, I answer, "We all worked at Sunset Shores Country Club this summer." "Awesome." Cashmere's attention is averted when the jock sitting in front of her turns around and asks her about some party she's having. I tune out at that point, not wanting to eavesdrop on their conversation. I probably should have chosen my desktop to stare at instead of the door because as I do, Peeta walks in, also freshly showered, and scans the room for an open seat. His eyes meet mine, but since there were no open seats in my vicinity, he takes one three rows over. Mr. Fuller, our history teacher, spends the first half hour of class on some weird ice breaker activity where we introduce ourselves and share something we like or enjoy doing that begins with the same letter as our first name. He snakes up and down through each row, giving each student an opportunity to share. I'm last so, even though I have plenty of time to think through my answer, I am also the last to get her part over with. "My name is Peeta and I like…" he considers his answer for a few seconds. "To bake pastries. " The guys in the class snicker to themselves and I find myself mentally defending Peeta as I remember how delicious his baked goods actually are. Others give their superficial answers – Leon like the ladies, Marley like watching movies, Cashmere likes… cashmere. At one point, I actually have to bury my face to hide my involuntary eye roll. "Um, I'm Katniss and I like…" Mr. Fuller has gotten to me much faster than I anticipated and I still haven't come up with anything relevant that begins with the letter 'k.' My teacher and classmates are beginning to throw out suggestions just to get the exercise over and done with. "Kangaroos?" Mr. Fuller offers and I shake my head. "Karate!" My brows furrow in confusion at another student's suggestion. "Kites!" "Cats!" Cashmere suggests and we all stare at her in disbelief. Her neighbor leans over to whisper in her ear then she perks up and changes her suggestion. "I mean, kittens." Either way, I remember Buttercup, a stray cat Prim had kept around our apartment building by feeding it scraps of her food. I hated that thing. "Kayaking?" "Kissing." I recognize Peeta's voice even though he keeps his eyes trained on the book he's scribbling on. My face flushes. The brutish boys in the class slap his back to congratulate him for, what, a great answer? It's a good thing he's not sitting near me because I would have already punched him for sure. "Kids," I answer quickly to dispel the excessive amount of attention I am getting. Thankfully, Mr. Fuller moves on to discussing his syllabus. When class is over, I know I'm supposed to ride home with Peeta, but after his little jab at me, I'm really not in the mood to talk or walk with him. I make a beeline for my locker to deposit my textbooks and pack up my homework before I unenthusiastically head to the parking lot to meet my obligatory driver. I find him leaning against the passenger door of his Jeep with his arms crossed, chatting with Chaff and Seeder. When he looks up at me, the two companions follow his gaze and wave politely at me before walking away. Peeta stands up and pulls the door handle for me with overly apologetic chivalry. "Where'd you go?" he asks. I hop into the passenger's side and buckle my seatbelt without dispensing a single word in response. Peeta shuts the door gently and walks around to his side. Once he's planted in his seat, he studies me and says, "Are you going to speak to me?" I clutch my backpack to my chest protectively. "Nope. Not if you're going to make petty remarks in front of everyone." "Look, I'm sorry," he says somewhat insincerely. "It was just a joke." I shoot him an indignant scowl. "Then in that case, it was passive aggressive, and if you're going to be mad at me, at least man up and just say so!" "I'm not mad at you!" he shouts back. "I'm just…" Peeta combs back his hair and clenches it in frustration. "You know what? Forget it." He throws on his seatbelt and starts the ignition. The drive back home is silent save for the ambient sound of the radio station we had left on from this morning. Neither of us bother channel surfing since we're not listening to it anyway. Peeta stops in front of my house, but doesn't shift his gaze in my direction, let alone offer a 'goodbye.' Once I'm safely outside the jeep, I turn back and tell him, "I don't think I'll need a ride tomorrow. My mom can probably take me in the morning." I don't know for sure if this is true, but at this point, a five-mile walk seems more appealing than another tension-filled carpool. "Fine," he mutters, his petulance rivaling my own. I slam the passenger door shut and turn to walk into my house. I'm too proud to look back, but the roar of the accelerator tells me he's in a hurry to put three houses between us. And just like that, we've gone two baby steps forward and one giant step back. A/N #2 – Just a heads up about updates. I spoiled you a little in the latter half of USS because I had the story direction solid at that point. But the beginning of the story is always a little slow for me, still trying to figure things out, work out the kinks and untangle my brainstorm, so please be patient. I'll try to post at least once a week, but I can't promise. Especially as a mom – life happens.