I could feed Johanna, but the first time I did that, they beat the hell out of her," my stomach turned when I thought about Johanna lying naked and bloody on the cold cell floor because she ate a sliver of apple. "The remaining meals I made sure to eat everything on my plate, and drank as much as I could. The entire time I kept thinking, they have no idea what food and water does for a Victor." Katniss and I shared a wry grin. "The second time they pulled me into the hospital room, I acted weak…barely put up any struggle at all." I could see the first guard turning his back to me while the other finished strapping my hands down, in the back of my mind. "The doctors and scientists were all gathered around the machine they used to monitor my vital signs. One Peacekeeper headed towards Snow, and the other was still fumbling with my restraint when I yanked my hands free and snapped his neck." I explained to her how I had adrenaline and newfound vitality on my side. That I pulled the gun from the Peacekeeper's holster, and then used it to shoot the remaining guards in the room. "I tried to shoot Snow, but they got him and that female scientist out before I could." "How are you still alive, Peeta?" Katniss asked with shock in her voice. "And don't say, it was those angels." "I told you. Snow needed me to stay alive. Those Peacekeepers were casualties of war as far as he was concerned. A slight blip in the morning's schedule." I moved forward until our knees where touching. "They shot me with a tranquilizer gun, but not before I took down six of their own men," I said with a mixture of pride and guilt. "They waited until I was conscious before continuing that day, but right before they did, I remembered the last thing my grandmother had ever said to me. I had gotten a spanking from my mother that morning, and when I went to say goodnight to my grandmother, she gripped my hand and whispered, 'An eye for an eye, Peeta.' It was years before I found the courage to ask my dad what that meant. I mean…I could figure it out, but I knew there was a deeper meaning than the obvious. And he told me that the saying came from some sort of religious belief." I found Katniss's hands and loosely fisted them within my own. "So when Snow leaned over me, right before they put that crap into my body, I repeated my grandma's words. 'An eye for an eye, Snow.'" "He killed six Victors in front of you," Katniss said, "and you killed six Peacekeepers." "Exactly," I told her. "That second day I tried to fight off that poison…closed my eyes when those images started playing in front of me… Until it happened again. My heart stopped. Every time it did I swear to you, I was transported to this large open space." I told Katniss about my dreams. About the Peacekeepers with Victor's faces floating in a river of neon green, the white walls sprayed with my blood, and her. "You were there, Katniss. You were on the riverbank in your flowing white dress, with arched wings spread out behind you, and a shimmering halo bathing you in golden light." "Peeta," she said quietly, "that doesn't mean angels exist. I obviously wasn't there." "Maybe not in person," I lifted our joined hands to my lips and pressed a kiss against them, "but your spirit was. I had a choice Katniss. I could have let myself drown in that river and died, or followed the sound of your voice back to life." Tracing the spot where Clove's wound had once been, with my thumb, I dipped my head towards hers and said, "I followed my guardian angel…you," then pressed my lips against hers. "So, yeah…I believe in angels." I paused before whispering, "How could I not?" I stroked the side of her face and ran my fingers through the ends of her hair. When we broke apart she said as though she was trying to convince me, "That still doesn't mean angels exist." "When you were in Thirteen, did you ever feel…connected to me, Katniss?" Looking to the side she said, "I worried about you." "I worried about you too, but that's not what I asked." I turned her cheek in order to look into her eyes and asked again, "Did you ever feel me near?" She sat quietly, avoiding the question, but the answer lay in her eyes. "I felt you, Katniss. I felt you every day, and I held onto that for as long as I could." We lay facing one another beneath the covers with a two foot gap separating us. "Goodnight," I held my arm out in welcome, but she rolled away from me. A piece of my heart broke, but I told myself that we had overcome worse things than this, and fell asleep. The river no longer flowed. My blood was no longer splattered against the white walls, but my angel was there, wings and all. My fingers touched hers just as she whispered, "I felt you every day, Peeta." Opening my eyes, I saw Katniss's fingers entwined with my own, clutched against the center of her chest, and I drowned. Not in the venomous river that almost took my life, but in the love I feel for the woman lying beside me. The love that breathed new life into me. When she said, "Every day, Peeta," in her sleep, I knew…I had finally reached her. Her lashes fluttered open, her lids still heavy, but her eyes were wide awake and bored into mine. "Every day, Peeta," she whispered as she brushed her hand across my cheek. "I could feel you every day." And in that moment, I knew she had reached me too. ~The End~