this confusion, he felt certain of one thing, he wasn't alone. Whoever she was, she was here, and she cared for him. Her actions so far told him so. The notion made him smile. "So," he began, "I'm Peeta… Mellark?" She nodded. "And you're…" he raised his eyebrows questioningly. "Katniss," she said, emphasizing the "s" sound at the end of her name. "Katniss Everdeen." He smiled. "Nice to meet you, Katniss." She let out a soft sigh and asked, "You really don't remember anything, do you?" With a heavy breath, he admitted, "Nope, my head feels fuzzy and empty." He paused and looked around the room once more. "Nothing looks familiar. Where are we?" "District 13," she answered promptly, "You've never been here before, though." That would certainly explain the lack of familiarity. "It's pretty glum," he said, looking around at the ocean of grey surrounding them. She snorted in amusement. "Of course you'd think that," she muttered, almost to herself. "Yeah? Why is that?" "Hmm, because you have an eye for beauty," she said, as her eyes settled on his. "I do?" he countered, intrigued by her assessment of him. "Yeah, you…hmm, you're an artist." "An artist?" Surprise must have been written all over his face, because she smiled lightly and continued with a determined nod. "Mm-hmm, a painter. You paint beautiful things. And you decorate the prettiest cakes I've ever seen, with delicate flowers made out of sugar," she added as her smile widened. "Really?" he asked looking down at his hands, "I do those things?" She nodded. "You do." He took a moment to process the information as he examined his hands. His fingers were long, he wiggled them and thought they seemed nimble and strong. There were a few scars on the back of his hands. Some seemed to be the result of superficial scratches, but others were thicker. Burn marks , he thought. He turned back to face her. "What else do I do?" "Well," she began, leaning forward so that her elbows were resting on top of her knees "you can carry 100 pound sacks of flour". "What? Why would I want to do that?" His reaction made her chuckle lightly. "Because you work at a bakery," she supplied. "Oh! That makes sense, I guess." He looked into her eyes, the mix of hope and longing he saw there pulled at his heartstrings. "Katniss?" "Yeah?" "Why are you here?" he asked softly, "What's our connection?" She looked away from him. A soft blush colored her cheeks, and she bit her bottom lip, hard. He thought she was going to draw blood from it. She was clearly looking for the right words to say, and he wondered what could be so complicated about their relationship that she was having such a hard time answering. After a couple of minutes, she spoke, "We're friends," she said, looking at him once more. "Good friends," she added. "Friends," he repeated slowly. She nodded. Something told him there was more to it. The question had clearly made her uncomfortable, and he had the feeling that friends didn't usually share each other's beds. What was she keeping from him? "That's it?" he prodded. Once again she nodded. They stared at each other for a while. He could hear every breath they took as the machine by his side kept its regular beat. Eventually, she broke the silence, "Peeta, you must have a million questions. There's so much you need to know, and I don't even know where to start," she grumbled, as her previous anxiety crept back into her voice. He couldn't bear to see her struggle, so he suggested, "Well, the beginning would be a good place." "It's not that easy," she said shaking her head, "there's one thing you should know, though. You're among friends. You're safe here, and I won't let them hurt you ever again." Her eyes shone brightly as she spoke, and he was surprised by the resolve he saw in them. "Again?" he inquired. She nodded quietly and stood up to close the distance between them. Cautiously, she reached her hand out to him. He held his palm up to her, and she softly brushed the pads of her fingers across his outstretched palm. Her finger's delicate dance on his skin made him tingle pleasantly. "Dr. Cole will be here any minute now," she said, turning towards the doorway. "He'll probably know what to do." "Do you think he'll be able to explain what's happened to me?" "Hmm, I'm not sure. But they have a ton of doctors here. I'm hoping one of them will have the answers we need." The answers we need. Once again, Peeta felt comforted by the knowledge that he wasn't alone. He wanted to know what had happened, who he was and what had brought him here but, for some reason, the fact that there was someone here to hold his hand made everything a little less scary. The sound of loud steps walking along the corridor called his attention to the room's entrance. A thin man walked into the room, he wore a white coat, and clutched a clipboard tightly between his hands. His small green eyes shone with enthusiasm when they landed on Peeta's face. "Hello there!" the man said cheerfully, his face breaking into a friendly smile. "Good morning, miss Everdeen," he said, turning towards Katniss, "how are you this fine morning?" "I'm ok," she answered, letting go of Peeta's hand and moving towards the head of the bed to stand next to him. "Peeta," she said, nodding in the doctor's direction, "this is dr. Cole." "Mr. Mellark," the doctor said as he offered his hand for Peeta to shake "welcome to District 13." XXXXX AN: I like kudos and comments as much as Katniss likes cheese buns :) You always make my day when you share them with me. Thanks! You can also find me on Tumblr. I'm JavisTG over there, come and say hi!