with his hand, wrapping his ratty robe around himself tighter, I only notice now that he's barefoot. "Wait!" he shouts "I'm sorry! Come inside, I made tea." I turn around, my expression softening somewhat. "I really can't, maybe some other time." I try to smile, fearing it looks more like a grimace. "I'll hold you to that." he jokes softly and turn and walk away, feeling the heat of his stare as I cross the square. I am almost to Cray's when I dare to turn around. His eyes are wide with understanding and it fills me with Shame I have to look away. I don't look back as I knock on the door but I feel his gaze on me. I'm sure this will be all over town tomorrow, the one that hunts beyond the fence, nothing more than a Seam whore. Cray seems surprised to see me. "Got any game for me girl?" I force myself to straighten my shoulders. "No, I was hoping-" I choke, swallowing the lump that's forming in my throat. "I was hoping that you needed a little company this evening?" I croak out, my voice sounding small, like a child. He regards me for a moment, sizing me up with his eyes. "You a virgin, girl?" he asks and I nod, not trusting my voice. He opens the door wider to allow me in. I step into the soft light and when the door slams I jump. He offers me a shot of white liquor to calm my nerves and I accept, liking the way it burns my throat. His kindness stops there. He shows me to his room and demands that I undress. I remove the shawl and fold it neatly next I unbutton my dress, kicking it away from me and crossing my arms over my bare breasts. I can smell the stench of liquor on his breath and it gags me as he leans into my ear. "This is going to hurt." I nod in understanding, it really will. He shoves me onto the bed and rips my underwear away. I let out a small gasp and it only serves to excite him, he bites my shoulder and I let out a whimper. He wasn't kidding. I don't cry out again, I won't give him the satisfaction. As he moves ontop of me I pretend I am hovering above myself, I think of Prim's hollow cheeks and my mother's lifeless gaze. He says something to me, I'm not listening. Thats when he hits me, cuffing me on the side of my head and I call out in pain. This sends him into a frenzy, pulling my braid but I grit my teeth. Don't cry, Don't cry, Don't cry. I demand of myself, gritting my teeth and steeling myself, balling the sheets in my fists. He is done soon after, chest heaving as I lay still as a stone beneath him. After what feels like an eternity he rolls his white body off me and demands I get up. "Get dressed." he demands and I do as I am told, forgetting the torn panties on the bed. I shove them in my pocket with shaking fingers. He counts out some coins and puts them in a small sack, throwing them on the bed. "I took out five coins for the stain on the bedsheet." Only now have I noticed I left a red streak. I nod stoically, trying my best not to cry. "You were good." he adds cheerfully, "I'll remember that next time." my face crumples, but I catch myself. "Now go straight home girl, its past curfew." he dismisses me and I turn, practically running out the door. I make it to the butchers before I dissolve in tears, I take stock of myself in the window. My hair is rumpled and there is a bruise blooming on my temple, I unravel my braid quickly to hide it beneath my raven hair. I have a small cut on my lip that would be hard to explain. I am unbelievably sore and I fear I might not be able to walk all the way home. My eyes are swollen and bloodshot from crying. I give myself one minute to grieve for myself, just one minute of self pity. I let out a small noise from the back of my throat, shoving my hand over my mouth before it becomes a wail that wakes the whole district. I turn back towards the end of the walkway to see Peeta standing there, leaning against a lamp post. I am inexplicably angry with him. "What!" I half whisper half shout at him and he flinches at me. "Are you okay?" he asks and it throws me off guard, the concern in his voice. I shake my head slowly and begin to walk past him, he grabs my shoulder and I snap back as if I have been burned, causing the coins in my hand to tumble from my fingers and I scramble to pick them up. He watches me with eyes heavy with what? Pity? Grief? "Katniss?" his voice is soft "I don't need your pity!" I all but shout, grabbing the last coin from the dirt and straightening the shawl around my shoulders. He holds his hands out as if doesn't know what else to do. I shove past him, stepping off the walkway and towards the darkness of the Seam. "At least let me walk you home." he says following me. "You're shaking like a leaf." "Don't be ridiculous." I snap, willing my feet to go faster, I'm almost running though I am so sore I feel like I may collapse. He stops following soon after and watches me as I disappear from view. The rest of my walk home is quiet, I mostly listen to my heartbeat and marvel at the fact that this thing happened and I am still alive, I must have more steps, so I take them.