mutters, though still smiling. "I don't think this is the revolution he wanted." "I don't think this is the revolution any of us wanted." Hazelle laughs, "Right you are with that one." I smile slightly, returning to work on Proja's shirt. It'd be a lot easier to get out this dumb stain if I had some soap . "How've you been, Madge?" Hazelle isn't a fan of the silence. I wonder if her thoughts stray much like mine do. "We haven't gotten to talk since the night I thanked you for bringing Gale's medicine." I swallow back the memory. That night feels infinitely far away from this moment. Years, when really it was only months. "I'm holding up." Holding myself together with tape and glue and paper clips and rubber bands and anything sticky that will keep me in one piece. She sighs, ringing out the shirt in her hands. "I hate to ask," she says quietly, glancing toward the girls a bit up the stream from me to make sure they aren't listening. "I do. I'm not one for gossip. I just want to know…" "The rumors are true," I answer. I have no reason to lie to Hazelle. She's always been kind to me. I shake out Proja's shirt, listening to it crack as it straightens out. The stain isn't gone but this is the best I can do without any soap. She flinches at the noise and wrinkles her eyebrows. "Madge, dear, I'm so terribly sorry—" she starts, but I won't have any of it. I don't want people apologizing to me. If anything, I should be apologizing to them. We wouldn't be here if it wasn't because of me. "You must know that this isn't your fault," Hazelle continues. "But isn't it?" I ask. "No, Madge, honey," Hazelle reaches over to place her hand on my shoulder but I shrink away. I'm not ready for human contact. Conversation will have to be enough for now. She frowns. "I'm sorry," she says again. "I shouldn't have asked." "You had a right to know," I say back. Before she can say anything else I start on my next shirt, letting it splash obnoxiously loud into the water. Posy giggles at the nose. Hazelle just looks more concerned. We spend the rest of the afternoon in silence. My father frowned as I made my way back inside, shaking off the snow and letting it fall to the ground by the door. It wasn't my fault that it was snowing outside. I didn't ask for a blizzard. He took my coat and hung it on the wall before I could even get a word in. " Where were you?" he asked. "I was worried out of my mind, Madge." " I took Gale some medicine," I answered quickly. I knew he didn't like it when I was outside. I knew he didn't like me around other people. Not at that time. "Some morphling. Mom hasn't been needing it and he did so I—" " It's alright," he had said, letting his face fill with relief. "Not to the square, though?" " No." Too many people. I wasn't to be around too many people. But Gale had been whipped, and that was an emergency. I wasn't going to let him die because of things he couldn't control. " Good," he nodded. My father helped me untie my shoes and set them by the door. He locked it. Didn't want anyone coming in, didn't want anyone going out. "Have you heard anything about it?" he asked. Not whippings. Not the brute force of the new head peacekeeper Thread. Something else entirely. " No, Daddy," I told him. And honestly, I hadn't. I had never been one for conversing with others, and learning about the strange sickness wasn't high on my to-do list. "Have you?" " Yes. It's spreading," he answered quietly. I watched as he furrowed his brow, feeling the weight of the entire situation on his own shoulders. I felt it too, just not as heavily as he did. " And Mom?" I asked. " Still breathing," he said. "Her fever is getting worse, though." I drummed my fingers on the staircase where I was sitting, trying not to think about the sickness that was destroying my mother. First headaches, now this. "I informed the Capitol but they've yet to reply." And why should we have expected them to reply? They were the ones that sent it along with their own people. We noticed my mother falling ill days after the Capitol citizens left when the Victory tour was over. We knew it came from them. Many of them had coughs of their own during the harvest festival, many of them were sick with the virus before we realized what it really was. It got mother first. Then our maid. Our butler. Daddy and I were the only ones still healthy at that time, though somehow the sickness had managed to weasel its way into the District. People from town. People from the Seam. It looked like an ordinary fever but we knew better. We should've said something. We didn't know what it would do to them. " Do you think she'll get better?" I asked. He frowned. "No, Madge," my father said. "I don't." And she didn't. She was the first. A/N: Zombies are my specialty, tbh, and I've always wanted to write a fic centered around them. Not much gadge yet but it will happen, I promise. The unanswered questions will be answered in the upcoming chapters. This fic will be updated sporadically. I've missed first person so I've resorted back to Madge. I always liked writing from her POV! I also love the Mellark brothers, and wanted to bring them into this story for a little bit. What do you think? Any theories yet? I mean a bit of it is obvious, just not all. This is vastly AU. I hope you enjoy it! Reviews are always welcome!