time they get there. Her mom kisses her on the cheek before fighting her way to the front of the spectators' section. Her dad reaches up and rubs his palm down her cheek with a small smile before joining her mom. Taking a deep breath, she turns and wiggles her way through the crowd until she's standing towards the front with the other 17-year-olds. She looks at the 18s ahead of her. Next year, she'll be there. The year after, she'll be back in the crowd with her parents. Annie looks at the stage, where a microphone stands front and center. All around it are the two bowls containing the boys' and girls' names, as well as four occupied chairs and a handful of peacekeepers. The four people sitting down are the Mayor, Finnick, an old woman named Mags who Annie knows is the only living female victor from 4, and the District 4 escort, Mena Kari, who is talking to Finnick. Mena's dressed in aquamarine from her hair all the way down to her spiky high heels. It looks immaculate against her brown skin. Even her lips are painted that strange bright bluish green. Mena always dresses with an ocean theme on reaping day, and she's always beautiful, even if a little over the top. A bell chimes over the speakers scattered around the square. The crowd woops and hollers, and Mena breaks off her conversation with Finnick. The mayor stands to lumber over to the microphone. He gives a short speech about how the districts rebelled and lost, and now the Capitol puts on the Hunger Games so the rebels can repent. Annie never listens to what he says. The same thing is drilled into her head every week at school. Finally he steps back, the crowd goes wild again, and Mena steps up to raise the microphone. "Hello," she breathes happily, glancing around the crowd. Everyone falls silent at once. "Welcome to the District Four Reaping for the 70th annual Hunger Games!" The crowd roars; everyone except for Annie cheers and claps. Mena holds up her hands and silence falls again. She smiles widely at their reaction. "You all know the drill by now, don't you?" she asks, laughing. Everyone laughs with her. "I'll draw one name from each bowl, one male and one female. If you hear your name, come up on stage, and then we'll get you ready to compete in this year's Hunger Games! And, as always, may the odds be ever in your favor!" The crowd cheers again as she reaches for the bowl to her left. She rifles around with all the slips of paper for a moment before withdrawing one. She opens it and turns back to the crowd. "This year's male tribute is…." She glances at the paper. "Sebastian Dehlia!" There is a sea of cheering that erupts as Sebastian dislodges himself from the group of 15s and moves up the middle pathway to the stage. He's tall and muscular. His blond hair is short, his skin is tan. Overall, very attractive. He'll probably do well in the arena. The entire way up, he pumps his fists in the air. He shakes hands with Mena, then Mags, then the Mayor, and finally Finnick before standing just behind Mena and to her left. "Do we have any volunteer tributes?" Mena asks the crowd. "I hope not!" Sebastian calls out, laughing. The whole crowd laughs, too. Even Finnick smiles. Volunteers are rare in District 4, since participating in the Games is such an honor, and no one would want to take that chance from another person. Mena lifts her hands to make the crowd quiet again, then slides the slip of paper containing Sebastian's name into her pocket. She reaches into the second bowl, to her right, digs around for an eternity, and withdraws the second slip of paper. Annie can feel her heartbeat in her ears. Spots appear in her vision, and she realizes that she stopped breathing. Mena turns back to the crowd. "This year's female tribute is…." She glances down again at the slip of paper in her hands. "Twenny Clearing!" Another wave of noise fills the square. Annie cranes her neck, looking around the crowd of older kids. Tributes are usually 15 or older, since they have more slips in the bowls. She notices that all the older kids are looking back, though. She turns and sees a young girl, probably only 12-years-old, with dark hair and tan skin, slowly making her way up the pathway. She's sheepishly waving to the people around her. There have been 12s before. They're usually the most excited because they can't believe how lucky they are to get picked their first year. "Look, she's so happy she's crying!" says someone to Annie's left. She looks at the girl more closely and sees that, yes, her cheeks are shiny with tears. She's smiling, but her eyes look dead. She's waving, but her hands are shaking. This girl isn't happy. This girl is terrified. She reaches the stage, shakes hands with everyone, then stands to Mena's right. "Any volunteers?" Mena offers again, only because she has to. The crowd starts to laugh again. Because, to them, this girl obviously wants to go. Everyone wants to go. Twenny is crying harder now. The next thing Annie knows, she's in the pathway, walking to the stage. One of her hands is raised, the other holding up her skirt. She's yelling something she can't exactly comprehend, because she can't hear anything. From head to toe, her entire body is shaking. The sun is still up, but her circulation has stopped. She's frozen, but still she's walking, she's almost to the stage, and the girl, Twenny, is smiling now and so grateful. Somehow, that rights everything. Warmth and feeling and all of Annie's senses come crashing back to her. She hears the baffled crowd all around her, and she hears what she's been yelling. "I volunteer as tribute!"