It's mostly overseeing the generals that'll be training, not running the actual training, you know?" "Sure," Gale murmurs. Benny closes the file and wheels his chair to look at Gale who huffs but doesn't look up from the paper work. " What ," Gale asks. Benny's only a year younger than Gale but he reminds him of a teenager. He's silly, a lot like Rory, and doesn't really know boundaries when it comes to personal questions. So Gale should really be prepared for when he asks, "You had a girl over last night, didn't you?" Gale arches an eyebrow in challenge and Benny shakes his head with a smug look on his face. "That's, what, the third this week?" "Can you mind your own business for once in your life?" Gale asks. Benny smirks. "Or is it the same girl?" "Mind. Your own. Business." Benny rocks backwards in his chair and Gale frowns. He lifts his square rim glasses and crosses his arms over his chest. "What now, Benny?" The man lifts his shoulders. "When's the last time you saw your doc?" Gale drops his glasses back down and turns to his desk again. "This conversation is over," Gale mutters. He looks back down at the files detailing the plan for his training and another wave of nausea rolls through him. Ever since leaving District 13 all of those years ago, Gale's had trouble sleeping. Alright, that's an understatement. Gale's had trouble being . When Gale's not drinking himself to sleep he's in the entertainment sector of District 2, barhopping to find a girl to sleep with so he can stop thinking . And when he's not doing that he's popping so many pills to keep himself functioning that it's not even remotely funny. He sees things that aren't there, he hears things that aren't there, he feels things that aren't there. So he has a doctor. A head doctor. Gale didn't even know those things existed. In District 12 if someone was just a little out of whack people would pretend it wasn't happening. Miss Everdeen and the other healers would prescribe some sort of herbal medicine that supposedly helped. Gale had never even considered that there were doctors solely for people to talk to. A shrink. A therapist. There are a whole bunch of names for these doctors. They were well known in the richer districts, and even the Capitol had a few. After the war it was a whole new branch of medicine that expanded very rapidly. Delta, the chief, ordered Gale see one of the head doctors if he wanted to work for her. And he did. He wanted to work in security so badly . So he went. He's still going. It's been three years. In fact, he has an appointment tonight. But Benny doesn't need to know that. Madge misses District 12. She doesn't miss it enough that she's willing to go home, because she's not, but she does miss it. She misses Peeta and she misses Katniss, she misses her father. She misses the small homey feel of the entire district, she misses a time when everyone knew each other. She loved being able to walk anywhere she wanted to go and hates that now she has to get in a bus to get to work. District 2 is too big and too fast paced. As she drinks the coffee she paid way too much for she climbs onto the big blue bus that's waiting at the stop. She doesn't know how to drive and frankly she's a little too scared to learn. Lora too. They take the bus to work every morning and home every evening. Their office is in the middle of the district, far away from their small crappy apartment, and the fare isn't too awful. It's just such an annoying routine. "You never told me about your night, by the way," Lora remarks once they're seated. The drive isn't too long either, and sometimes when it's nice out Madge will make the walk. But that's potentially dangerous because, again, they're not in the best part of the district. "Was he hot?" "Stop it," Madge says with a laugh. She blows into her coffee and shakes her head at her friend. "It was a one-time thing, alright?" Lora shrugs. "Okay. He could still have been hot." Madge blows into her coffee another time and tries to bite back her smile. She looks at the passengers around them then over at her friend. "Super-hot," Madge says quietly. Lora grins. "Like, how in the world is it even possible, hot. Only, he's a real asshole." Madge sinks backwards in her chair. "Just really, really, hot. And surprisingly… kind?" "But also an asshole?" "Also an asshole," Madge confirms with a laugh. Her memory of Gale at the bar isn't spotty, she remember most of it. His gentle hands, his stupid hero complex. But also the banter. The teasing that reminded her so much of when they were younger in District 12 when things weren't exactly simple, but somehow easier. "But, whatever, one-time thing," she says again. "In fact, if I never see him again then all the better." A/N: If you hadn't picked up from the summary - this is an accidental pregnancy fic! If that's not your thing I understand, but that is the main premise of this story. No hard feelings if you want to bail. Other subject matter contains PTSD, mentions of abortion and adoption, extremists/terrorists, and conversations about personal self-worth. Most of your favorites will make an appearance at some point (save for Finnick and Prim, because they're both well... you know), so stick around for that! I hope you stick around! I've been working on this fic (on and off) for a couple of years now, and I'm super excited to be posting it. The goal is for one chapter a week but we'll see how that goes. Enjoy - let me know if you like it! x