with me? I don't normally fall for this kind of sweet talk, but hearing it from his lips... Damn it, I'm so incredibly screwed. Just at that moment, a whoop went up from the dance floor as the band started playing an upbeat song, rousing Katniss from her thoughts. "Oh! I love this song," she declared. "Me too," Peeta agreed with a nod then offered his hand to her. "Would you like to dance?" Before Katniss could respond, both Gale and Johanna simultaneously snorted and grinned mischievously. "Catnip doesn't dance," Gale proclaimed, shooting her a look that dared her to disagree with him. "He's right," Johanna added, keeping her eyes trained on Katniss. "We've been coming to these things for a long time, and she's never set foot out there." Annoyed by her friends' reactions, Katniss smacked her palms on the table and shot to her feet. "Actually," she began, raising her voice, "I'd love to, Peeta, thank you." She stepped over the bench and allowed herself to be led to the dance floor. Peeta never saw Katniss turn back to the table and stick her tongue out at the rest of the group. Once on the floor, Peeta took Katniss into a basic hold for a two-step, and together, they started to move to the music. Katniss never claimed to be that great of a dancer, but Peeta's lead made it easy for her to look like she knew what she was doing. "Huh. So not only can you ride a bull with the best of them, but you're light on your feet as well." "I might know a thing or two about dancing with a pretty girl." Katniss snickered. "Ah, you don't just ride a bull; you speak it, too." Peeta lifted a shoulder, admitting his guilt. "All right, you got me. My older brothers made me take dance classes with them a few years ago when they were trying to impress these girls that they'd met." "And did it work?" "Nah. I was the only one who picked anything up. They both got kicked out after the second class because they stomped on too many feet." Katniss felt her lips stretching into a smile that she knew wouldn't go away for quite some time. "So how'd you get into bull riding?" "Well, I used to wrestle back in high school and college, and one night, some of my teammates took me to a bar that had one of those mechanical bulls. After a few shots and a badly worded dare, I climbed up on that thing, and the rest...well, it's history, I guess." "So," Katniss said, her smile taking a sly edge, "you liked having something wild bucking underneath you, did you?" A twinkle flashed in Peeta's eye as he mirrored Katniss's smirk. "A rough ride isn't always a bad thing, darlin'." Oh, hell, I'm in trouble now. "What about you?" he continued. "Do you like having something fast and sleek between your legs?" Fuck. This man will be the death of me. "Maybe I do, maybe I don't," she teased, "although there's something about a hard, fast ride that gets my blood rushing." "Right," he drawled, not giving anything away in his expression. "And let me guess – you like those really fast rides where you have to hold on so tightly with your legs that afterwards, it feels like you'll never be able to close them properly again, huh?" She nodded and breathed deeply to try to calm her racing heartbeat. "And I bet that after a ride so hard and rough, you're all sweaty and sore," she paused, letting her fingers trail down the buttons of his shirt to rest just above his belt buckle, "but you find it incredibly satisfying." Peeta gazed at her for a moment before slowly leaning down and brushing his lips against Katniss's ear. "Sounds like you and I like a lot of the same things," he whispered. Stick a fork in me – I'm done. Katniss let Peeta pull her even closer into his body; so much so that she could feel his quickly rising cock begin pushing against her belly. She knew that wasn't the Coors Light talking there. Rising onto her tiptoes, she nuzzled his ear and then murmured, "So, any chance I can see your ass in just the chaps?" "Well, hell, darlin', find us a place where we can be alone, and I'll show you just what I can do in them." That was the first time Katniss had run faster than she could ride her horse. Much later, as the dance was winding down, Johanna scanned the area, trying to figure out where her friend had gone. Suddenly, she saw Katniss making her way back from the stables. Running over to meet her, Johanna cocked an eyebrow. "Where the hell were you?" Katniss glanced off to her right, where Peeta was walking over to grab another beer, fixing his jeans along the way. "Just...checking something out." "Mm hmm." Johanna reached over, pulled multiple pieces of straw from Katniss's hair, and displayed them in her hands. "Were you checking them out while on your back or on all fours?" Katniss couldn't stop the reddening of her cheeks or her satisfied grin from showing as Johanna gasped and laughed in glee. "The boy definitely knows how to ride." This story was written for my awesomely awesome friend kismet4891, who gave me a drabble prompt of "Redneck Everlark at a rodeo" on my fiction Tumblr. Needless to say, it kind of got away from me, but I hope you enjoyed it. Oh, and she made the coolest banner for this story! Thank you, K! I have been asked to write a certain "missing scene" from this story, so if enough readers want to see it, I'll do it. Let me know if you want more by leaving a review! I have some Tumblr-only material if you'd like to read more. Details are on my profile page.