to play with her other mound gently. He feels her hips buck against him and his hardened cock nearly ends it right there inside his boxers. Her fingers are soon wrapped around his neck, trying to find purchase in his buzzed hairs. The last time they did this he had a mop of curly blonde locks for her to grab onto, but those are no more and she moans in protest. But soon he understands her attempts and kisses a path across her collarbone, up her jaw line and stops at her swollen lips. When he pulls away, he realizes he can really only see the gloss of her eyes in the dim moonlight from the window and she's staring up at him. There is a momentary pause before she reaches up and places her hand on his cheek and pulls him to her. Their lips connect in a quiet, slow kiss; one full of exploration and need. "I need you." Katniss whimpers, feeling him resting against her most sensitive spot with only two thin barriers between them. "I need you to fuck me, Peeta. Please ." Most of their lovemaking as teenagers was careful and tender, but that is not what either of them need tonight. And Peeta has already decided this is just the first of many sessions now that he's come home for good so they'll have plenty of time — the rest of their lives if he has any say in it — to explore each other thoroughly. He kisses her one last time before he pulls away to stand at the foot of the bed and remove his boxers before reaching down and pulling her own panties off of her. While her foot is in the air he reaches out to place a tender kiss on its arch before crawling back between her welcoming legs. Katniss' hands come to rest against his hips while her legs open completely to allow him better access. The excitement boiling up in him is almost at its bursting point when he slowly tests her readiness for him. She's completely soaked, but he's unsure suddenly about protection. He knows he hasn't been with another, but maybe she had? The possibly makes him sick, but he'd be selfish to think his lack of communication had been enough for her for the last four years. She must understand his pause because she leans up to press a small kiss to his lips, "It's you. It's always been you, Peeta." And his lips attach more completely to hers as he slides home in one movement. The cry she lets out against his lips sends a thrill down his spine, but he moves slowly because she's so tight and he knows this must be slightly painful for her it its been that long. And he also knows he won't last long surrounded in her tight, glorious heat. When he begins to move he makes his thrusts shallow and slow. His lips, like her hands, are everywhere at once. He's kisses her lips; she's grasping the neck of his neck. He's sucking on a spot near her collarbone; she's racking her nails down his shoulders. He licks behind her ear while whispering how much he loves her; she's squeezing his ass as she responds in earnest to his confessions of love. It doesn't take long and he can feel the familiar pull at the base of his spine that tells him he's close. His pace quickens and he realizes her hips buck in time to meet his. His name rains from her lips as she pulls him into one more mind-blowing kiss before her head tips back against the mattress and she comes violently. Peeta isn't far behind as he feels her walls milk him for his orgasm. He thrusts deeply and comes with his head buried against her shoulder. And soon, while they're peppering each other with soft kisses, their breathing starts to even out and Peeta pulls himself from her. Katniss gives a quiet groan in protest before reaching for a quilt at the foot of the bed and covering their naked bodies. Peeta only remembers one last thing before he falls asleep: both of them laughing together at how they hadn't even bothered to make it to the head of the bed before needing to savagely take each other. Peeta wakes with a start at someone pounding on his door. He sits up quickly, only slightly disoriented before realizing where he is and whom he's there with. At first he thinks he dreamt the pounding at his door until he hears it again. "What?" Peeta grumbles, rubbing his head sleepily. "Merry Christmas to you too, bro." Reese yells from behind the doorway, "Breakfast is ready downstairs. So hurry up, I want presents! And get dressed — I don't need to see your naked ass at the table. We'll see you downstairs." Peeta is about to open his mouth about is brother obviously walking in on him before he woke up when he hears giggles outside that tell him Johanna is standing next to his older brother. His eyes glance over to see Katniss slowly waking up beside him. "Mr. Mellark said he didn't get too much sleep last night — something about a loud homecoming." Johanna adds. "Merry Christmas to you too, Katniss!" Katniss' hands cover her face as she groans. Peeta can hear their two visitors outside the door slowly making their way back down the hall and he looks over at the beautiful woman beside him. He gives a sheepish grin as her arms drop back down to her sides. "Good morning, Beautiful." He says, leaning over to over her upper body with his as he pulls her into sweet kiss. "Merry Christmas, Soldier." Katniss purrs back. He knows they have a lot to work out, but as long as it all works out to him getting to do this every morning he won't mind the outcome. HAPPY HOLIDAYS EVERYONE!