up for equality is crazy ." The sarcasm in her voice is palpable and Gale doesn't think he's ever been more attracted to her than in this moment. "He's lucky I didn't dump my drink on him." "Holy shit , Undersee." Finally she redirects her attention to him, clearly haven forgotten that she was telling Gale a story in the first place. "Don't you dare call me crazy, too." Gale shakes his head frantically, his mouth stretching into a lopsided grin. "Never. I just can't believe you finally go to your first frat party and you're sitting here talking to me about feminism." "I will talk about feminism anywhere anytime to any one ," Madge says with a smile. "Sorry if it's unattractive ." "Unattractive?" Gale echoes. "Are you kidding? You are the hottest person at this party right now." She stares at him for a few seconds, blinking, before her face erupts with such a wicked smile. Madge grins, her hands reaching up to cup his cheeks, and pulls Gale down for a kiss. Their lips meet desperately. She tastes like fruit punch and his hands tangle in her soft hair. He groans into the kiss as she pulls him closer and grinds her body against his in all the right places. To be fair, this isn't the first time they've ended up like this. And it probably won't be the last. "Gale," Madge pants his name as he pulls away to pepper kisses down her throat. They're some of the only ones in their friend group who are single, and it's clear that there's always been something there between them. "Oh, Christ ." Gale nibbles on her collarbone, leaving marks like he always does. "We, Gale," she grabs his face between her hands and pulls him up to look at her. "We really gotta get out of here." "Mm," he agrees, dropping his lips to hers again. They've tried hooking up a few times but their friends have always been around and it's never worked. Something (or someone – dammit Peeta) always gets in the way of things actually happening . "I'll call a cab?" "Wait!" she laughs. "Wait a second." The scruff on his chin is driving her mad, her fingers trail along his cheek. "I have to pee." "Curse you and your small bladder," Gale laughs too. He stretches forward and steals another kiss. "Go! I'll wait." "You better wait," she says, poking his chest as she slides from his lap. "I'll be quick!" she calls. "Hurry up!" Gale groans. His fingers stretch for her when she's gone. Now that he's alone the world spins in front of him. Gale's so drunk that the few lights that are on in the room are blurry. The music in the room beside him is nothing but a murmur. Without Madge to distract him he's realizing how inebriated he really is. He wonders if he'll be able to get it up when he finally gets back to his dorm room. He prays he can get it up. God, that would be embarrassing. Finally getting Madge to himself and not being able to finish. "Hey, Handsome," a girl suddenly says, pulling him from his drunken thoughts. He looks up to find a blonde wearing a dark dress. She lowers herself onto Gale's lap, throwing her arms around his neck. "Remember me?" "How could I forget?" he laughs, swooping in to kiss her as soon as he can. He doesn't realize that her hair isn't curly. He doesn't realize that she doesn't kiss or taste the same. He doesn't realize that she isn't Madge. After peeing as quickly as she can, Madge exits the bathroom just in time for someone to push past her and vomit into the bathtub. She frowns, shudders, and makes a sharp turn away. "Oof!" Madge runs smack into someone else. "Katniss!" "Oh, you look lovely," Katniss frowns, squinting in Madge's direction. "Is that a hickey?" "Oh, um," Madge rubs at her neck and shrugs. "Maybe." She turns to Peeta who's a step behind Katniss. "As it turns out, I don't think I'm going to need a ride home tonight." Peeta cocks an eyebrow. "That so?" "Yeah, um, I'll text you in the morning, though?" Peeta and Katniss exchange a wicked look before they both smirk. "Don't make that face," she says, gesturing at the pair of them. They follow as she walks away, eager to return to Gale. "I know what you're both thinking and you're completely wrong about the situation and—" Madge stops once they reach the room she was in, her heart sinking into her stomach. "Um." "What?" Peeta chirps from over her shoulder. They all have front row seats to Gale making out with some pretty blonde. "Oh." He reaches out for her, "Madge—" "It's fine," she shakes her head, stepping away from the room before things get too hot and she throws up. "It's fine." Katniss sighs and presses her hands to her temples. "Disregard everything I said to you." "Disregarded," Peeta says softly. He pulls his phone out of his pocket and sends a text to the group that they're leaving, allowing Madge's phone to vibrate in her pocket as well. "Ready to go?" "Get me out of here," Madge pleads. She doesn't look back into the room. A/N: Happy Gadge Day! This is being posted on the 5 year anniversary of the first gadge fic ever written, and I'm so happy to do so! As stated earlier up by the disclaimer this is going to be a happy fun wonderful story but college is also stressful and scary and life exists outside of the campus. There will never be any sexual assault in this story which I feel is important to mention. But I absolutely promise this will include all of the college greatness (beer pong, football games, midterms... etc.) I really hope you enjoy this (let me know if you do -hint hint). You're all lovely people! Love, Jenn