pull away. I feel everything. My toes curl, unable to find purchase on the slick limestone beneath my feet. Water laps at my lower back. The sun bears down on us, escalating the heat between us. Her fingernails dig into my left shoulder as her body slides against mine. I have a firm grasp on her hip and my finger inches along the waist band of her bikini bottoms. As much as I want to though, I don't slip it underneath. I could explode right here and now so I don't want to rush this. Her kisses travel to the side of my mouth and roam up my jaw. I take advantage of her exposed ear lobe to suck it between my teeth. I hear her whisper a soft sigh when I give it an innocent nibble. This is incredible. So much different than anything I've ever felt before. I could live right here, in this moment, forever. The sound of other recreationists arriving unfortunately breaks our embrace and we separate. She standing two feet away from me, rubbing her lips with her fingertips as a devilish smile spreads across her face. "Not too bad Mellark," she concedes just as I send another splash her way. I don't press my odds. That kiss was so spectacular, I have no more needs for the day. As we reach shore, we dig into the picnic basket. Sandwiches and a chocolate tart today. "Oh, hey, I was looking online this week at teaching resources and I saw something you might be interested in." I fish out the paperwork from my bag. "Oh yeah?" Katniss brightens. "Yeah, I printed it - here, 'ARCHERY in the SCHOOLS'. It's through the NASP? The National Archery in the Schools Program. Have you heard of it?" I ask. "Yeah, well sort of – they haven't had it here in this district," she says. "Yeah – I found this on the District 4 page," I tell her. "'Changing lives one arrow at time,'" she reads. "I like the sound of that. Thank you Peeta, thank you for thinking of me." I'm rewarded with a hug. I lean in for another kiss when she speaks. "I think about you," she says. "Too," she adds. I smile and pocket that idea about another kiss. This day is perfect. The week takes for-freaking-ever to finish. I send Katniss a few texts throughout the week, just to let her know I was thinking of her and that I was looking forward to Sunday. Not too many though, I do not want to come off a lovesick fool. Even though I am. She doesn't respond but since I don't know if that's standard Katniss standard-operating-procedure or not, I do not worry about it. I make us some sandwiches and pack up another apple tart – she seemed to like that the first date. Date . How silly does that sound? We're 20. It should be called something else. I smile nonetheless. I've finally kissed Katniss Everdeen. It's my personal Everest. And it was amazing. She was amazing. I want to pick up where we left off. I finally receive a cryptic text from her early on Sunday morning. Meet me at the old train yard . Why there? Why not at Sae's Diner? Or the parking area for Parachute Falls. Fuck, even the gas station would make more sense. I get my hopes up that she's picked a more private area on purpose, somewhere we won't be interrupted, like we were the last time. I pack an old blanket to lay out for a picnic and a few condoms, in case the odds are very much in my favor. I pull up into the parking area at the old train yard to see her waiting there already. She gets out her car and wrings her wrists. Her braid is messier than usual and her eyes are stormy. She doesn't look happy. She meets me on the driver's side of FJ. I've barely jumped out before she turns to me with determination in her eyes. She stalks off towards the timeworn track with hunched shoulders, motioning for me to follow her. "Can we talk?" she asks quietly once they reach the gravel bed. She concentrates on the rock, kicking stray pebbles off the deteriorated rails. Uh oh. Definitely can't be good. "Uh, yeah," I say as we stand on the track. "Sorry, Peeta, we can't go out together today," she rushes out without making eye contact. I'm just about to respond when she starts again, "Or next week, or ever again. My dad was right. My place is with the family," she says as she plays with her hands. "With the family? The one that wants to you to marry your 'cousin-brother' and run the shop?" I sputter. "No Katniss, you want me. I know it," I say. She raises her head to finally look me in the eye. Her quicksilver eyes slice right through me with her scowl. "Why? One kiss, Mellark – one kiss and you think you're my savior? Again?" She fires back. "Well, you're wrong. You're wrong about my family, wrong about Gale, and most of all, wrong about me. You don't have any claim to me – any more than anyone else," she asserts. "But…we….we were starting something here, Katniss," I plead. "No. We weren't," she declares. "I was just passing the time on a few boring Sundays." For once, no words come to me. She takes my silence as finality and retreats to her car. She takes one last look back at me. I can only imagine the pain she must see there. Is this what this feels like? To get my heart broken along a train track among the last of the season's wildflowers? If it didn't hurt so much, I'd swear it was cliché. It's like the last two years haven't happened and I'm still standing there at graduation, tongue-tied by Katniss Everdeen. END OF PART I.