rational thought. And it's now that I know my actions aren't because of the alcohol. Not solely anyway. I'm not all that drunk anymore. It's Peeta. Reaching out to his undone jeans, I smirk when Peeta gives me a knowing grin and reaches into his back pocket and pulls out his wallet. He flips it open while I make easy work of pushing his jeans and boxers down completely. I hear the tear of a condom wrapper and look up at him with a raised eyebrow. "Always carry a condom?" "I was hoping I'd run into you." He smirks. "Good answer." Peeta steps out of his jeans and kicks them to the side, stepping into my open legs. I take the condom from his grasp and make it my mission to have in pieces before he slides into me. I make easy work of slowly rolling the prophylactic down his large member, my lips nipping at his pulse point as I slowly stoke my hand up and down his cock. Moisture floods my core as I imagine this cock thrusting inside of me. I slide to the edge of the counter, leaning back slightly so that I can run the tip of his cock against my slick folds. The friction causes both of us to groan and my head bobs back as I continue to roll it around my sensitive clit. My legs come up to wrap around his hips, gently using my heels to pull him closer to me as I place him at my ready entrance. He takes no time in realizing exactly what it is I'm wanting and soon I feel him thrust fully into me. I cry out at the delicious way he stretches me. The angle is perfect and with one thrust he's hit my g-spot. Peeta's hands come to rest on my hips to hold me in place and I fall back on my elbows. He stills at first and I know he's watching me. He's making sure I'm still okay and I wiggle my hips against him in silent pleading for more. It's all the encouragement he needs. He pulls out for a moment only to thrust make in and starts a deep rhythm that has us both panting and begging for completion. Soon my arms give out and I'm laid out completely for his viewing pleasure and I have the most gorgeous scene above me. Peeta's eyes are on mine as he continues thrusting into me, his fingernails digging into my hips. My hands come to rest above his and I move his hands to be atop my breasts. Peeta squeezes them for a moment before moving his hands to come around my back and pull me up against him. His thrusts are becoming more out of control and I'm thankful for the complete contact. The sensation of my nipples against the hard planes of his chest and the way this position rubs against my clit just perfectly has me coming unglued in seconds. I'm screaming out his name yet again and soon Peeta is stilling inside of me. I can feel him pulsing inside of me as I pull his lips to mine. This kiss is the one I had imagined for the last two weeks. It's gentle and lazy. Our tongues don't fight for dominance, but instead they tangle together like the rest of our body. Without warning, Peeta picks me up off the counter and carries me deeper into his apartment and it suddenly strikes me funny that we only made it about fifteen feet into his place before having to have each other. Soon I'm being placed in the middle of a large, plush bed and Peeta's hovering above me, kissing his way down my body. His lips don't stay anywhere for long until the reach my right hip. His lips trace over the simple design and I can't help but giggle. "Careful. It's still healing and my tattoo artist will not be happy if you mess with his masterpiece." Peeta doesn't say anything, just continues to explore my body. His hands roam over my legs and then he works his way back to my lips again. He gives me another dizzying kiss as he goes to lay next to me, pulling me into his side. My forehead rests against his when I turn onto my side and I feel Peeta's eyes on me before I open my own. "You are my masterpiece." "Yes, Jo. I'm fine." I say between bites of a banana. I am only slightly startled when I feel strong arms wrap around my waist as I continue to listen to my friend squeal about how she knew we would be perfect together. Although I'm not sure where she's suddenly getting her sentimental side. But another part of me hopes she's right. "Okay, Jo. I gotta go. I'll —" "Oh my god, he's up, isn't he? You're going to spend the rest of the day doing it around his apartment, aren't you?" "As long as you don't interrupt." I smirk, his lips tracing against my neck. "I'm losing your phone number as soon as you hang up." With that I end my phone call and turn around to face a beautifully barely awake Peeta. His eyes are squinting in the harsh morning light coming through his kitchen and his hair is just long enough to have a few creases in the back. He's wearing a pair of basketball shorts and nothing else. He looks absolutely perfect. "Nice shirt." He leans in and kisses me, playing with the very shirt I made him lose in the elevator the night before. "You looked so good in it last night, I couldn't have it be a thing of the past. I'll definitely need to see you in it more often." "But not today." "Not today." I say, wrapping my arms around his neck. "Today I think we'll look best in nothing at all." "I think you're 100% right."