formal meetings or banquets. I paid the plumber after he not only fixed my pipes, but fixed the small emergency drain in our basement floor so the water that was up to our ankles would drain and be out of our lives forever. The damage done around the house would cost us a lot of money. The only positive thing to Gale's job was the amount of money he made. I wasn't a materialistic person, but in situations like this, it was nice to have some extra money stashed away in case we needed to replace anything. In this case, we had many things that needed replacing; the carpets, some of the curtains, and who knows what else. "How do you know my Bella did that?" Prim asked in disbelief. I rolled my eyes. "Do you really think that I would flush Gale's ties down the toilet, Prim?" She let out a loud sigh on her end of the line. "Okay, I get it. But why do you think she would flush his ties down the toilet? She never does anything like that. It's not like she flushed things down it when she was younger. Why would she do that all of a sudden?" I could tell how upset Prim was with the realization that Bella did something wrong. "Well, I think she's finally old enough to realize that he's not here much. She talks to him on the phone whenever he has time, but those conversations usually last a few minutes, and then he doesn't call for days." Gale was the dumb one who didn't understand that Bella knew he wasn't around. He still looked at her as a baby who didn't have the brain capacity to recognize her settings and people. Anyone in the right mind would know that children recognize their parents at a very young age, but Gale has proved many times to me that he's not in the right mind for many situations. "I just don't understand why she would choose today of all days to flush his ties down the toilet. Her birthday isn't for another six months, and Christmas isn't for another three." Prim was aware, along with the rest of my family and his family, that Gale missed three of Bella's birthdays and never made an appearance on Christmas two years in a row. "He texted me last night saying he would be home this morning, but he was going to be leaving tomorrow for a two week trip to British Columbia." The rain started to slow down and the cars were beginning to move again. Usually I would hang up to give my full attention to the road, but I figured it was okay to talk a little while longer since the cars weren't moving that fast. "But this isn't the first time he announced he was only going to be home for two days..or I guess one since he still isn't back." I could hear the confusion laced in Prim's words. "The recital's on Saturday, Prim." Saturday was the day of Bella's dance recital. Bella had been talking about it since the class started last December. She was enrolled in a ballet and tap class, though she preferred tap. Gale had put it in his calendar in January, and promised her ever since that he would be there. When she found out that he wasn't going to make it, she ended the call on my phone and went upstairs. She didn't cry though, which I found very strange. I realized later on that he had let her down so many times; she didn't bother making the effort to cry. It angered me more than anything. "Oh my god, I can't believe he did that to her. Everyone's going! Her own father should be able to go! I would flush his ties down the toilet too. He broke too many promises, Katniss." I smiled at my sister's words. It was nice to know that somebody else felt the exact same way I did. Whenever I would get frustrated or cry and called my mother, she would always tell me that it would get better; that he would work less and spend more time with Bella and I. My mother-in-law, sister-in-law, and brother-in-laws would all say the exact same things. Prim was the only one who truly understands how I feel. "I know, and I'm honestly sick of it. I can't put up with it anymore. But I have to go. Traffic is improving, and I want to have my full attention to the road." I looked in my rearview mirror at Bella. She was focused on coloring the picture of Belle more than anything else. "Okay, I'll let you go. Before you do hang up, I have one last question for you. Where on earth are you going? Unless it's important, you would never drive in a storm." "Do you promise you can keep a secret, Prim?" I knew she could keep a secret; she knew every single one of mine and never told anyone. I just needed the reassurance. "Of course I can! Where are you going?" I looked at the paperwork over on the passenger seat before replying to her. "Well, first I'm going to a lawyer, and then I promised Bella I would go to that bakery in town to buy her a cookie since Gale disappointed her once again. She wouldn't agree to anything else but a cookie from this particular bakery. I've never been there before, but mom buys bread and cookies from this place all the time. Ever since she gave Bella one, she wouldn't stop talking about them. I promised I would buy her one soon, and Gale's disappointment seemed like the perfect pick-me-up." "Okay...but why are you going to a lawyer? Is this the secret part?" I looked at Bella in the backseat and lowered my voice. "Yes, Prim. I'm going to a lawyer to get divorce papers. I'm going to divorce Gale."