clear to him that she just wants this impromptu show to be over, and for everyone to leave her house and leave her in peace. Slowly, and practically unbidden, his arm reaches up to wrap around her shoulder. It's a reflex, really. One that years of physical distance from Katniss has apparently done nothing to diminish. When Katniss is suffering, Peeta is simply incapable of not offering her comfort. When Peeta realizes, in horror, what he's done, he braces himself for her anger. For her to turn on him and shove him out her front door with everyone else. But as the well-wishers continue to press upon her – upon both of them, now – she leans into his embrace. Grabs his free hand with one of hers. Gives it a squeeze. Peeta swallows the lump in his throat and tightens his hold on her as people continue to file past them, out the front door, and into the hot summer sun. After the last neighbor finally leaves, Peeta assumes that Katniss will let him go. But she doesn't. She doesn't let him go during dinner. Not even when Thom, eyes narrowed, suspicious, repeatedly glances to where their linked hands disappear under the table. She doesn't let him go during dessert, while Primrose regales everyone with funny stories she heard at market today. Katniss' fingers idly trace invisible patterns on his kneecap as her sister talks, and the effect on him is electric. There is nothing in the world but her fingertips dancing over his skin, covered only by the thin material of his slacks. Peeta can hear people around him laughing but he can't really say for sure what Primrose is talking about. And Katniss doesn't let him go afterwards, when the dishes are finally washed and put away, and the sun has gone down, and everybody else in the house has gone to bed, and he has her pressed up against the side of his father's car, his tongue in her mouth and her hands curled into fists in his hair. "Katniss," he murmurs, panting now, pulling away from her a little so he can trail open-mouthed kisses up the delicate neck he's missed so desperately. He wants to memorize the feel of her, the taste of her skin, just in case this is all an elaborate dream and in the morning a memory of her is all that's left. "I'm so sorry," she whispers, as he begins to lathe the juncture of her neck and shoulder with his tongue. She whimpers a little. The noise she makes causes the insistent throbbing between his legs to intensify, and he's suddenly desperate to get her out of her dress and into the backseat of his father's Chevrolet as quickly as possible. But her words stop him, and bring him back to his senses enough to remember that, really, words are what's needed, now. "All… all right," he murmurs, forcing himself to hold back. And he waits, because he knows that the words that need saying must come from Katniss. He looks into her eyes, which are half-lidded and dark. Her breath is coming heavy and fast. He suspects his is, as well. "I'm sorry for before," she clarifies, unnecessarily. "For when we were young," she adds. Peeta knows what she's referring to, of course. He waits for her continue, because as badly as he wants her right now, this is an explanation he needs to hear. "I was scared," she tells him. She takes his face in both hands and pulls him down to her for another kiss. He hums against her lips, but she quickly pulls back. "I never told you, exactly, what losing my pa did to my ma," she continues. "It destroyed her, Peeta. And there's nothing sure in this world anymore." She shakes her head emphatically. "There just isn't. I was afraid to invite in that kind of pain by loving you so much, with us both so young." She closes her eyes and shakes her head again. "And I was young, Peeta. We both were." His heart clenches painfully at her words, but he pulls her to him and kisses the top of her head. "By the time I'd realized what I'd lost, it was too late," she murmurs against his shoulder. "You were off to New York." He flushes in shame. Because when he looked for a college to go to, finding one that was far away from Panem – and from Katniss – had been one of the most important deciding factors. "I don't know if I'm the same girl I was when I left you," she whispers into his ear. Her breath tickles a little, and his eyes flutter closed. "I don't know if you'll love the girl I am now, Peeta." He holds her closer, and steels his courage. "I'd like to have the chance to find out for myself," he murmurs into her hair, his voice husky. "Will you allow it?" She doesn't respond right away, and her silence turns his blood to ice in his veins. But eventually, finally, she nods. "Yes," she tells him quietly. "I'll allow it." Peeta takes a deep breath, and slowly lets it out. He strokes the sides of her face as he looks down at her. She gives him that smile again. His smile. The one he hasn't seen in four years. He grins broadly at her and leans his forehead against hers. She blushes a little and kisses the tip of his nose. Sometime later –- Peeta can't tell if it's been days, or maybe just a few hours, since dinner - when they're in the backseat of his father's car and he has her dress hiked up to her ribcage and her legs are wrapped around his waist, he laughs. College; his mother; his future – none of it matters right now. His head spins with possibilities as he pushes into her and captures her quivering mouth in another kiss.