sky lightens with the approaching dawn. She wiggles a bit, her back resting against his chest, before letting out a quiet yawn. "Are you awake?" Gale whispers. Madge groans in response and squeezes her eyes shut, trying to fall back asleep. Today is Sunday. She can sleep in. He can't, though. "I'm going to go out," he tells her. "Be back sometime this afternoon. Alright?" "Kay," she says with another yawn. Despite having said he can go, Madge curls further into him and clings to his shirt. Gale chuckles as she rolls to face him, burying her face into his chest. "Later." "I have to go now , Madge." "Later," she repeats tiredly. "Can't you just skip one Sunday? Stay in bed with me?" Her voice is so pleading it tugs on his heart. " Please ?" She doesn't understand how badly he wants to skip a Sunday in the woods. He wants to stay with her all morning, curled up under the sheets with nothing but her to worry about. He wants to drink in her scent and run his hands through her hair and kiss every inch of her skin. They just can't afford it. If he doesn't use the cover of the dawn to sneak over the fence then he'll never get into the woods, and they need the game that his snares have caught. They need it so he can make trades in the Hob and so they have more food to put on the table and so he can feed her like she used to be fed. So they can make money and so they can rise above the poverty of the Seam. "Not today," he murmurs. Madge sighs and squeezes her eyes shut, falling away from him in defeat. "Madge," he exhales tiredly and reaches for her hip. "You know I want to. Right?" She nods once, but her face is still filled with disappointment. "I love you," he tells her. "I love you too," she returns softly. Madge peeks up at him through her golden eyelashes and tries her hardest to smile. Knowing that his words won't help the situation, Gale bends down and kisses her quickly. "Come home early?" Gale kisses her nose before nodding. "I'll try my best." He slips out of bed without another word and watches as she curls into the spot where he once laid, absorbing his warmth. Her face is contorted disappointment and exhaustion, and again he feels guilty for having to go. Gale hasn't had a morning with Madge since right after their wedding and he hates it. Quickly he dresses in his hunting gear, refusing to let his gaze fall back to the blonde he's leaving home. He once thought that being married to Madge would mean more time together, but it almost feels like less. They talk about their day over dinner and cuddle on the couch before bed, but it all feels very mechanical. It's not like it was before when he would sneak to her house in the middle of the night for a few kisses. That sense of secrecy is gone. With a final glance over his shoulder at Madge, Gale slips into the morning. He can't stop thinking. Gale goes in the woods to clear his mind, but today he just can't stop thinking . He thinks about Madge and how he should be trying harder to be a better husband. He thinks about Vick and how it isn't fair that his baby brother was stolen from this world. He thinks about his mother and Posy who now live on their own and how they're getting through the days. He thinks about the Victory Tour that will be rolling into District 12 soon, how he'll have to sit on a stage and watch the girl that killed his brother make a speech. His hands slip on the snares and he loses the knot. He stumbles as he makes his way through the trees. He breaks one of his arrows. Gale is entirely too distracted today. Deciding that he needs to take a breather, Gale makes his way over to the river he once took Madge to. He drops his hunting bag on the ground and follows soon after. If it wasn't getting so damn cold out he might dip his feet in the water, but today that's not an option. It was in this very spot she admitted her feelings for him, in this very spot that they kissed for the first time. How long ago was it that things were so natural? That they could talk freely about things that weren't cooking or work? Gale drops his head into his hands and tugs at his hair. He loves her, he does, but it's different now and he hates it. No, no, that's not true. He doesn't hate it. This is just a different type of love. It's not as fiery, not as passionate. It's a muted version of what they once had. Is that what being married does to people? It can't be. There's got to be something left of how it was. Not that the way he loves her now is awful, it's just not the same. He's conflicted and confused as to what he wants. As Gale thinks and thinks and thinks about how he can revive the passion he and Madge once shared he stares at the stream and watches it flow. He's so distracted that he doesn't even notice the wild dog approach him from behind. A/N: Well, here we are! The long awaited sequel to Faded Lines is finally here. All reviews and criticism are appreciated. My goal is to update this fic at least once a week, but I'm currently transitioning into college (what?!) and don't know if that will ring true or not. A big thank you to everyone who's stuck with me thus far, you're the reason I write! I hope you're just as excited for this story as I am.