goes down with me." He's right. If Katniss takes him out and he falls to the mutts, Peeta is sure to die with him. They've reached a stalemate. She can't shoot Cato without killing Peeta too. They all stand like statues, both of them seeking an out. Peeta's face is draining color, and I know that Cato will eventually just choke him out, he's stopped struggling completely now. Cato continues to talk to Katniss, wasting time as Peeta slowly dies in his arms. If she doesn't do something fast, Cato will kill Peeta, and Katniss will be blamed for it. C'mon Katniss, I think. Do something smart. It happens too fast. Peeta uses Cato's own blood to draw an 'x' on his hand, and Katniss shifts her aim in the fraction of a second, sending the silver arrow into Cato's hand, the tip so close to Peeta's head I swear it must have grazed him. Peeta's elbow catches Cato in the stomach and he throws the boy from District 2 off of the Cornucopia. I avert my eyes from my screen as I hear his scream and the mutt's tearing at his flesh. His armor can not save him from the dog's powerful jaws and razor sharp teeth. This goes on for minutes before the dogs drag Cato into the mouth of the Cornucopia and disappear into the woods again. Cato's cannon did not ring out. Peeta has to sit down, the blood poisoning is starting to catch up with him, and he seems to be slipping. I can the see panic on Katniss' face as they wait for Cato's cannon to ring out, but it doesn't. The sun is rising over the treeline now, and Katniss finally decides to lean over the edge of the Cornucopia's mouth and search for the dying boy. The camera shows Cato in a mess of blood and ripped flesh. I can't look at the scene without feeling sick to my stomach. With Peeta holding onto her feet, Katniss draws her bow upside-down and fires an arrow into Cato's head, his cannon ringing through the sky. Glee shines on both of their faces as they embrace and jump down from the metal structure. Daylight floods over the arena quickly, proving that the Gamemakers have complete control over nature here. Peeta and Katniss look around anxiously as they wait for the hovercraft to come and pick them up, but there is only the deafening silence of the open field. Claudius Templesmith's voice rings through the arena, "Attention tributes, attention." Katniss draws an arrow and fits it into the bow's string. "There's been a slight… rule change. The previous revision, allowing for two victors of the same district has been… revoked. Only one victor may be crowned now. Goodluck, and may the odds be ever in your favor." The announcement is over, and the wind picks up ever so slightly. Fear fills both of their faces as the rule change sinks into their mind. This, of course, was the plan all along. Get the "star-crossed lovers" on the team and force them to kill one another. The Capitol was always planning on using this tactic to teach the districts a lesson. Peeta slips his knife out of his belt. Katniss sees him do it and has an arrow drawn and pointed at his chest before he can even draw a breath. He throws his weapon far away from him, a splash coming from the lake as the knife hits the surface of the water. Sadness floods over his face as he sees Katniss' arrow pointed at him. "Go ahead," he mutters, clearing his throat. "You should be the one." Katniss doesn't seem to be registering that Peeta is letting her kill him. She slowly lets down the bow and stares at him intensely, shaking her head slightly. "One of us has to die, they have to have their victor." A spark shines in Katniss' gray eyes, the wheels in her head are turning. She throws her weapons to the ground and steps toward Peeta, "No, they don't. Why should they?" Quickly, she slips off her bag and pulls out the Nightlock. I narrow my eyes and sit on the edge of my seat. "No!" Peeta protests, attempting to smack the berries from her hand. "Trust me," Katniss says, looking deeply into his blue eyes. "Trust me," she says again, nearly whispering this time. What is she doing? She holds out the berries so that the camera can see them, I can recognize the poisonous fruit without any difficulty, and the rest of Panem can as well. Slowly, Katniss pours half of the berries into Peeta's blood stained palms and keeps the other half in her dirty hands. This is how my best friend dies? Not from a knife in the back or a spear to the chest, but by suicide? I wonder if this is how she felt last year as I plunged that arrow into my chest. Betrayal, anger, confusion. She has completely forgotten about me, and her family. She's showing no hesitancy to leave me alone here, alone to feed her family. There will be no more long hikes to check the snares, no more archery tips whenever my shots are rusty. No more teaching her snares when we have extra time in the woods, or swimming in the lake. I bite my lip and put my hands in my face. "Together?" asks Peeta. "Together," Katniss confirms. "One… two…" Katniss looks up for a moment, waiting for something to happen. "Three." They both fill their mouths with the berries, and I wait in agony for both of them to drop dead. "STOP!" Claudius yells. "Ladies and gentlemen, may I present the Victors of the Seventy-Fourth annual Hunger Games." Immediately, they both spew the berries from their mouths and rush over to the lake, rinsing their mouths and throats out with the cold water. My jaw drops open. She's coming home. And so is he.