eager to return the favor. He totters with his legs hitched together and I seize the opportunity put him right where I want him. I place my palms on his chest to give him a light push down onto my bed. I straddle him, seated on the edge of the bed to recreate what felt good in the truck and hallway earlier. He manages to peel his t-shirt off and wiggle his pants down off of his legs. The movement catches my eye, but I don't realize what he's doing until another gold square gleams in his palm. "Did you think the odds would be in your favor?" I taunt him. "Considering that we're right back where we were earlier, I'd say so," he returns. "Besides, my brother brought back a whole box from Spring Break." "Oh really?" I tease. "Really — but we can go as slow as you want." I won't like it if you don't like it," he promises. "I'm ready, I mean I'll like it," I commit. I watch in fascination as he tears open the wrapper and places the condom over the head of his cock. He stretches the top and starts to roll the rest down. I reach forward and steer his motions, wanting to help in the process. The brief glimpse of his ridges and veins fascinate me and I make a mental note to explore them later. I can tell that he's willing to let me be in charge this time and beams at me while I finish preparing him. I raise myself up and hold him over my center. I can feel myself nearing dripping on to him when he clears his throat. I shift my focus from where we're about to join to search his face. I can see the question rising to the surface. "Is this love? I mean, is it real?" he asks. I consider his inquiry and reflect on my range of emotions today. I shrug and relay my rationale. "Yes. It's mad, mad love. And it's real. We'll figure it out," I assure him, holding his gaze. Before I felt trapped beneath him, now I am completely free to control the movements. My arms are draped on his shoulders and our faces are in line as I slowly sink down, easing him within me. He places his palms on the underside of my breast, ghosting his thumbs across the tips. Once I've enveloped the tip, I gasp for air in shallow breaths as the rest of his length fills me. His fingers brace my ribcage, holding me once I'm fully seated on him. I kiss him again, completing the circuit of our connection. I open my eyes to see his expression of awe reflected back at me. All traces of the anxiety I felt earlier are gone. I pull in a deep breath before rising up ever so slightly and sinking lower again. It's not nearly as painful as it was previously either. Peeta's grunts in my ear encourage me to keep riding him in this relaxed pace. It seems neither one of us are in a hurry to end what we've started. One of his hands snakes up my back to grab my hair and wrap it around his fist. He tugs it, exposing the column of my neck to his lips. He presses kisses to my throat and follows with flicks of his tongue. The attention paid to my neck emboldens me to increase my stride. I ride up a little higher with each bounce but not enough to let him slip out. I test my sensitivity by adding more force to my down thrusts. I begin to feel the pleasure build in me again with each motion and I chase it. My bottom is now slapping against his thighs now as I break into a full trot against him. My senses are overloaded between the slickness where we are joined and how my knees are wedged against his hips and my bedspread. The feelings spread from my short nails digging into the flesh of his shoulders, and the delicious ache stretched between my quads, hamstrings, and glutes. I raise up past the head of his cock just to surge back down and let him fill me again and again. His hands slip to my waist to help guide me up and down his dick. My name escapes his lips in a hiss. "I'm close," he breathes into my ear. I push the words out. "I think I am too, just hang on." "Again?" he asks in astonishment. "Yes, you goof," I reply, not to be deterred from reaching the euphoria I had hints of earlier. His fingers inch down between us to reach my clit again. He pushes on it with his index finger and rubs in the same rotations until the feeling I was rushing towards catches me by surprise and bursts behind my eyes. It's so much more intense than earlier, with all of him inside of me. The sensation freezes me in this moment and all of my muscles spasm while Peeta is still buried deep within me. I cry out and momentarily falter in my grip around his shoulders, but he holds my hip steady to him while I come. Once the major waves pass, I am aware of him undulating my hips against him, pushing his cock through my still contracting muscles. He moans and I feel him tense and shudder just before his face falls to my shoulder, cheeks squishing against my heated flesh. His kisses press into my collarbone as his deep exhales skitter down my back. I'm thankful that I'm caged to him, since my limbs are numb. I rest my head against his as our breaths even out. "That was...wow," Peeta exclaims. "Quite a birthday present, I'd say." "One that I'll happily give you anytime you want it," he pledges. "Oh yeah? Did you say you had a whole boxful of those?" The End