"She was smaller than I remembered." "Oh, okay, I'll just let you tell me," she says and settles back down into her seat. "As I walked to her, the room seemed to shrink. And after it was done, I thought about it all night long. It was if I wasn't really there, but rather watching it from a distance. Numb." "Go on." "I asked her, 'Did you hate me that much? Hate dad that much to…' and I couldn't finish. I couldn't even say it, so I don't know how I expected her to." "You wouldn't have had to say it, and she certainly wouldn't have spelled it out—but you both knew." "Well, she fumbled with her words. 'Yes. No.' I asked her if that had changed, and she nodded at me." "That's good!" "I said, 'I don't know why you did what you did, but I'm not going to carry that pain and anger anymore. I came here to tell you that I forgive you,'" he recites. "You did?! And what did she do next?" "Her face broke. It morphed between sadness and relief," he says and sits on his hands to control his twitching. "I was expecting anger, but she didn't seem to have any more of that in her." "And then what?" "She said she thought about calling me everyday, to apologize for everything." "Did she say what stopped her from doing that?" He shrugs and looks up to the left. "She said that she couldn't bring herself to do it. I then accused her of not appearing to be that broken up about it," he says, recrossing his legs in his seat. "She said that wouldn't even try to explain herself. That she couldn't believe she was capable of such atrocities either. She's just thankful that I grew up okay." "Hmm… Abusers do have extremely thick defense mechanisms. Sometimes they can't even see what they did was wrong, so it's good that she could admit that. Did you tell her about yourself? Did you tell her about therapy?" He shrugs again, "Yes and no. I didn't want to open up too much. But I did tell her about therapy. And that I grew up with a hole in my heart because I couldn't reconcile the how or why." "I bet that stung her." "It must have, because she apologized again for causing me distress." "How did you feel?" "I felt...relieved," he exhales. "Relieved that it was over and it wasn't looming in my future anymore." "I bet. Do you think you'll see her again?" "Ahhh…" he fudges. "There was so much more we could have said, but I was exhausted. And then it was over." "Peeta, it's truly wonderful when there can real reconciliation and healing between an abusive parent and their traumatized child…when each can feel that the awful past has been somehow redeemed in the present. But I won't hammer you with theories or lectures about the benefits of closure on the past. Sometimes the best thing to do is just close the door on it and move on." "That's what I want to do, close the door," he confirms. Just close it, nail it shut, and seal it off. "Can you keep that compartmentalized?" "What do you mean?" "Well, if something else changes with her and you find out….we need to develop some coping mechanisms in place to keep you from spiraling out of control." "So we'll keep seeing each other….professionally?" "Well, no. I'm still not a doctor and can't take you as a patient technically, but we can talk about it...from time to time," she says coyly. "Ohh, okay, I'd like that," he says and relaxes a little bit. "You're very resilient—and persistent—so I have no doubt that I can give you the tools after our counseling is complete to face anything," she says with a small smile. "That's very encouraging," he smiles back even wider. "To circle back to your initial fears, I want to ask if this experience—confronting her—if it changed you? Do you feel different? "Yeah, but in a good way. It didn't change me into something I'm not. It didn't change me into her either. I think I was worried that if I'd expressed my hurt and anger like she had, that I would somehow turn into her," he says and takes a deep breath. "But it didn't. I think it gave me my hope back. That warm, sunny feeling that most children carry with them everyday. I have it in my heart…." His eyes slide to the recorder. Her eyes flit to the clock and she indicates five more minutes. He can wait five more minutes to tell her what else is in his heart. He might not ever be able to tell her the rest. Epilogue It continues with this fantasy. I borrowed song lyrics here and there in my description to flesh out the production. A convenient distortion of my few remaining truths. It was in this performance that mother and son ended well, clutching at one another in forgiveness and absolution. The truth is that Carol Mellark went about her day, blissfully unaware that her forgotten son stood outside her office in Merchant Square. That I never saw her. That I never went into her building. That my walk across town ended at the river and that I limped home, unable and unwilling to confront my mother. I decided on my way there that I didn't need to. Her apologies or acknowledgements weren't going to make me whole again, only I can do that. What sense of hope could Katniss draw from that though? Who would sign off on a patient with no closure? I couldn't do it to her. I couldn't ruin her final report for the program. She heard the story she wanted to hear. She closed her official records with me and we started a new chapter. Now when I wake up, her arms are there to comfort me. The End