hands through his hair, and then reaches up to fiddle with the tie around his throat that is strangling him. It's selfish, but he hopes that she's pretty. Atop of that, he also hopes that she's kind. He wants a wife who is brave and smart. A wife who can put up with him when he's too much to handle but at the same time someone who isn't afraid to call him out when he oversteps. If he's going to have to put up with her for the rest of his life he wants her to meet the small standards that he has. Besides, his future children will have to call her their mother one day. Don't get your hopes up , he thinks. Gale's just another boy from the Seam, no one special. They wouldn't assign him someone incredible, and even if they did it wouldn't mean a thing. A boy, the baker's youngest son, sinks into the seat in front of him. His name is Peeta. He flashes Gale his number. Six . Peeta lifts his shoulders. "Is getting married earlier than most better or worse?" he asks. The baker's boy has his son slicked back with some sort of grease that makes him look a bit ridiculous. His shirt is nice and white, his tie is a deep orange. "Probably better, right? To get it out of the way?" "I don't know," Gale answers. He licks his lips and looks toward the wall that separates them from the girls. On the other side is his soon to be wife. "I've never been married before," he jibes. "Right, right," Peeta nods and fidgets nervously. They're both quiet for a bit. "My brother's didn't get paired until they were both eighteen," Peeta says. "I was surprised to be matched already." "Interesting," Gale drones. Peeta clearly doesn't pick up on the sarcasm. "You know, it feels different than I thought it would. I've had a crush on this one girl since I was a kid. I thought this might help me get over it. It hasn't. It's made it worse." The odds are obviously not in Peeta Mellark's favor. "I don't see why it has to be like this." "Don't," Gale warns. He eyes a peacekeeper at the back of the room. Talk like this isn't worth getting imprisoned over, or worse. Gale agrees, it shouldn't have to be like this, but it's not as though they can stop it now. In fact, it didn't used to be like this. Things changed a while back when the population of Panem started dropping. The living conditions are absolutely shit in every district, not just here in 12. People started to decided that they would rather not bring children into this world. The working conditions were awful (they still are ) and mandatory labor is required. If the people weren't going to reproduce for the hell of it, Panem was going to make them. Gale doesn't understand why the people couldn't just fall in love with whomever they wanted and be told to have so many children. Why does the Capitol have to choose everything for them? Peeta reaches the front of the line and Gale tips his head at him. The blonde forces some sort of awkward smile and lifts himself to his feet. The peacekeepers escort him through the door. Gale doesn't get a glimpse of the girl who enters from the other side. Gale doesn't know Peeta very well besides the fact that his father makes pretty good trades, but Gale does wish him the best. Without Peeta's sweaty forehead to distract him, Gale begins to bounce his knee. Way in the back of the line he spots his friend Thom who looks a bit nervous as well, and a few other people he knew from school. Gale averts his gaze back to the door which he'll be pushed through sooner or later, into a room where a woman named Effie Trinket all the way from the Capitol will introduce him to his wife. The two will shake hands before being escorted onto a stage where they will be wed in front of the entirety of the district. Sealed with a kiss. "Number Seven," a loud automated voice rings out. Gale leaps to his feet, clearly more nervous than he thought he was. He leaves the doors handle sweaty and finds Effie Trinket on the other side. "Oh, lovely, lovely!" she cheers. "Today is such a big day for you, boy!" She paces over to him and injects something into his arm. His eyes search for the girl he's going to be linked to. Has there been a mistake? He doesn't see anyone! But then the door creaks open and in strides a girl. And she's wearing a pretty white dress. She freezes when she spots him, and he, her. Effie paces over and injects whatever she just did into Gale into her as well. "Gale," the girl finally croaks. His voice is quiet. "Madge." Gale turns to Effie. "This has got to be a mistake!" "The Capitol doesn't make mistakes," Effie scolds him. She pulls the two of them together. "Shake hands, you two! Shake hands!" She forces their hands together and Gale finds that Madge's are sweaty as well. Their handshake is firm. Her stare is relentless. "Oh, I'm so excited for you two! Imagine the children, imagine them! They'll be so beautiful!" Effie pushes them toward the door that leads to the front of the Justice Hall, that leads to the stage where the ceremony will continue. "Go on, children! Go be wed!" She shoves them outside before either of them can say anything else. A/N: This fic was inspired by SwishyWillow. I hope you all have a great Valentine's Day! This fic will be updated every day until completion, and will be ten chapters long. Let me know your thoughts, please! Thanks to juniorstarcatcher for the beta and all the help on getting this fic!