and was doing one hell of a job; Haymitch was kicking ass and Katniss was fighting combat with a Peacekeeper, her bow strewn across the floor, not far from where Finnick and Annie were at but they would have to run to be able to get it in time, and Katniss wasn't in good shape. To make matters worst, the only thing that was keeping the Peacekeepers from reaching Peeta, who was lying motionlessly on the floor, was her. Yeah, she definitely wasn't in great shape. And one of the Peacekeeper that was knocked out cold was rising again. Talk about the walking dead. "Annie, Annie, listen to me," Finnick grabbed her frantic face dripping with sweat between his hands and said,"You need to get Katniss's bow to her." "No, no. I won't leave you!" She shook her head. "Come on Annie, don't be ridiculous, be smart. Katniss is the Mockingjay, she's the breath of this revolution, if she dies, everything dies. There will be no better tomorrow, there will be no safe place for our baby to grow up in, there will be nothing left. Annie, listen to me, ran over to the bow and get it, okay sweetheart?" "And you'll be okay?" "I'll be okay, hurry!" Finnick dared a glance over Annie's shoulder and saw that the Peacekeeper was up on his feet and by the sound of pounding on the floor, more were coming. Annie ran over to the bow as the Peacekeeper fixed his gaze on Finnick and pulled out his gun. Guns, Finnick Odair was going to forever hate guns. He grabbed his trident and threw it with all his might as the bullet shot out of the gun. Both hit its target at the same time. The trident impaled the Peacekeeper's body, pinning it to the wall like a bloody horror exhibit and the bullet hit Finnick squarely in the chest. Annie threw Katniss the bow who caught it then retrieved an arrow from her pack and in a fluid move, shot at each and everyone the Peacekeepers that were left. "Finnick!" Annie turned to him to see his shirt soaked blood red and his eyes wild and his breathing was more of a wheeze. "Come on!" Katniss yelled out for her but she kept running toward Finnick. "Come on, Annie!" Katniss held the girl off, her forceful arms enveloping Annie and dragged her away and this time, she didn't fight. "Don't be ridiculous, Annie, be smart." Be smart... Her eyes snapped to the charging Peacekeepers with their guns up ready to fire and just as they were about to, Annie turned around in Katniss's arms, grabbed her hand and run as fast as she could through the way Gale and Peeta had gone through. I'm not being ridiculous, Finnick. I'm being smart here, just like you said, even though it hurts. Thanks to Finnick's notebook full of secrets of everyone in the Capitol, the people there turned on each other and played a huge factor in winning the war. And Snow was dead. Annie watched the execution with a savage feeling boiling inside of her and at the sight of his limp body, the only thing she wanted to do was raise him from the dead and kill him over again. Over and over again... The world was now a better place. A happier place where Finnick's and Peeta's children could be safe, where there is no more Hunger Games and no more President Snow. No more masks and no more lies and no more secrets. A better place. And as to Finnick Odair's loses, they were, until then, too many to count but she kept counting so that she could one day show to her son, when he was old enough to understand, how brave and filled with greatness his daddy was. The boy with Finnick's sea green eyes and bronze hair. With his smile and his dimples and possibly one day, his charm. "Your dad gave up his life to make the world a better place, Finn, and you look just like him! Your dad was a great man, Finn, he taught me to be smart even though it hurts... don't ever be ridiculous, Finn... be smart..." Everything was finally bright and sunshine was streaming through the windows and the cool wind was blowing but Annie was never the same. She kept staring off into space with a wistful smile on her lips, sometimes mumbling "be smart, be smart" and at night she would suddenly wake up and curled into herself with her hands over her ears to block out the shooting sounds that weren't really there. Later on, when Finn grew up and discovered why his mother was the way she was and about his father, he would finally understand why his mother was always so sad and was always staring at him with a kind of nothingness in her eyes. He would finally understand, as would many children growing up would, what has happened during the revolution for freedom. What were lost and who were killed. They would finally learn that war was a nasty thing but standing up for yourself and your freedom and for a better tomorrow, those would be the right things to do and his father had fought bravely for his future today and for that, he would be forever grateful even though he never knew the famous and brave Finnick Odair. Please review because I do appreciate your thoughts and... don't hate me :( I just loved their tragic so much and wanted them to have a POV of their own but I couldn't base it on the original plot because there are just too much information and I don't have the talent to know what to put in and what to not. So... I hope you've enjoyed it and... thank you Hellzz-on-Earth for reading my stories and constantly reviewing them :) I am truly glad that I made you happy :) Jen out!