a thick beef stew, with some of the green seaweed bread of District 4 on the side. Annie can feel Finnick dart several quick glances at her, but she still doesn't look at him. No one talks much, not even Mena. When it's over, everyone stands up, thanks Annie and Mags, and heads for the front door. She's so anxious to get everyone out that she almost pushes them out. The door clicks shut, echoing around the room. Everyone is gone, including Mags, and she's alone again. Exhaustion suddenly settles onto Annie's shoulders. She turns, without saying anything, and heads for the stairs. "Are you going to bed already?" Annie winces. She didn't know he was still here. He was supposed to leave with everyone else. She stops and turns to look at him, really look at him, for the first time tonight. He's almost ragged. His cheekbones stick out more than they should, like they always do when he comes back from the Capitol. He barely eats while he's there, he told her that once. His eyes are puffy and ringed with dark circles. This was almost her fate. They could've come home together last night, both of them starved and depressed and crying. Instead it was just him. He saved her from that. He saved her from the Capitol citizens, from their demands, and all the ways they'd use her body. She wants to run to him now, and wrap her arms around him and just hold him. She wants to kiss his face and tell him he's safe, he's not there anymore. He's here, and he's home, and he's safe with her. But…. "Yeah," she says, placing her foot on the bottom step. "I'm exhausted." "Yeah, I guess that's understandable." "Thanks," she replies, awkwardly. He takes a tentative step towards her, then another when she doesn't move. "Well," he says. "Let's go to sleep?" She nods and turns to walk up the stairs. Of course he wants to sleep here tonight. He would've last night, too, but he got home so late that he didn't want to wake her. Or so she assumes. She can feel him moving behind her, each step he takes, up the stairs and down the hall, until they're in the same bedroom, only a few feet from each other. She watches as he chews on his thumbnail. "Do you want the wall tonight?" she asks. "Yeah, if you don't mind." "No, that's fine." Finnick pulls open a drawer, his drawer, on her dresser. He pulls out some sleeping clothes and walks back out the door. He changes in the bathroom, always, even at his house. Annie doesn't know if it's for her privacy or his. She pulls off the interview dress and tosses it on the floor, where it clatters into a heap. She grabs her night dress off her dresser and slips into it, then undoes the decorations in her hair. She climbs into bed, leaving a large gap between herself and the wall. This bed is a lot bigger than her old one. Even with her and Finnick sharing it, they could easily fit another person in with them. After a few minutes, there's a knock at the door. "Come in," she calls out, and Finnick enters the room again. He shuffles across the floor and slides into the bed with his back to the wall. For a long time, neither of them does anything. There's nothing but the sound of gentle breathing. Not even the ocean noises are coming in tonight. "I really missed you," Finnick says, finally, breaking the still, silent air between them. Annie turns over so she can face him. "I know," she answers. "I miss you every time I go… there." "I know." He reaches across the small space to smooth his hand down her cheek and curl his fingers between hers. Instinctively, she pulls her hand away. "What's wrong?" he asks. "Nothing, I…." She looks at him. His eyebrows are knit together. He looks so thin and so tired…. "Nothing." "Okay." "I had a rough day." He almost laughs at that. "Yeah, I guess you did." She shakes her head as best she can. "Not like your day was any easier." He reaches, again, for her hand, but stops halfway and pulls back. "Maybe I should let you sleep alone tonight," he says after a short pause. Her initial reaction is relief. Yes, good , she thinks. Go to another room. Give me some space . But, then, she feels a light breeze on her face, and remembers the ocean outside, and her nightmares. What would she do, if she woke up screaming and he wasn't there? It's different when he's in the Capitol, but to have him here, at home, and not sleeping two feet away from her? "No, please," she replies. "Stay here." To her surprise, he lets out a short breath and pushes himself upright. "Here's the problem, Annie," he begins. "You can't have these things both ways. You can't hate me or punish me or blame me for your problems, or whatever it is you've been doing to me, and then also have me cater to your needs." "What does that mean?" she snaps, also pushing herself up. "It means… we need to figure out what we are. We need to figure out what we're doing and how we… really feel." There's a long pause and then he adds, "I'm going to sleep in the other room tonight." He pushes and slides himself out of bed and walks across the room with slow, deliberate steps. "Finnick?" He stops. "What, Annie?" "What if the ocean floods everything while I'm sleeping?" He looks back at her, but she can't make out his face from where she is. "Then you deal with it, Annie. Like the rest of us do." The door creaks open and clicks when it shuts, and, for the umpteenth time in six months, Annie Cresta feels really, truly alone.