and into the train away from all the commotion. Memphis turned his head to look back at me with confusion and let out a short sigh as he too was brought inside the train, allowing the door to be the barrier between the reporters and those on their way to the Capitol. In an instant Effie had left Memphis' side and carefully stepped towards me, careful not to tumble in her heels, before placing a delicate hand on my shoulder. "This is why we expect you to follow us and smile, reporters just don't seem to care about other people's emotions nowadays!" She giggled in an attempt to lighten the clear aura of frustration that was radiating off me. Memphis shortly joined and decided this would be a good time to talk to me. He pushed a hand through his brown hair before letting it swing at his side. "Just ignore them, It's their job after all to try and get whatever they can about us out to the public. They like a good story," I raised my eyes to look at him, not just in a quick peek way, but in a stare into your eyes trying to read exactly what you're doing way. During this time, I noticed that he had soft blue eyes that were searching for an answer of agreement from me. I was surprised I'd never noticed this boy before back home, there was nothing to say we'd crossed paths before so maybe this was a first. He had the toned arms of a hardworking lumberjack, one of the main jobs back in our District. But if this was the case 1) I probably didn't cross his path anytime, and 2) He was trained as much as I was with an axe and was strong. He could be a threat in the arena if someone else doesn't take him out first. I myself am good with an axe and in more ways than using it for cutting down trees. If I ever got bored and had one on hand, I'd usually cure my boredom with some target practise in the forest. No one really payed much attention to me doing this since they couldn't blame me; everyone my age needed to be somewhat prepared. My only hope was that in the arena their axes would be slightly smaller as it would make them easier to throw and a little bit faster in flight. My reflexes aren't bad either, maybe I could put those to good use with a little training. I exchanged glances with both Effie and Memphis. "Do I get a room on this train?" I questioned, my voice slightly calmer and my body less fidgety. Effie nodded enthusiastically as she ushered an Avox over to us. "Show Morgan to her chambers," She instructed before turning to attend to other business seeing I was being taken care of. The Avox gave a slight bow and gestured for me to follow, leaving Memphis behind to watch me walk away. He had a feeling that these next few weeks weren't going to go so smoothly, but decided to not let that feeling get to him. Instead he took off on his own journey, looking to find his quarters. It didn't take long to arrive and the door to my private room slid open, allowing me to enter. Without turning around, I spoke out. "You can leave now, I don't need any more assistance…thank you," I directed to the patiently waiting Avox behind. Hearing the shuffling of their clothing indicated to me that they had left me in the peace of my own company. I let out a long needed breath and collapsed on the bed situated against the back wall. Shortly after I did this, I felt the jolt of the train as it began to depart from District 7's station. Once the train ran smoothly along the tracks without any bumps, I rolled onto my back and stared at the ceiling in darkness and sadness. ' Why me?' I think to myself. It's not like I had much to live for. All I did was eat, sleep and work…but maybe that routine was enough for me to keep going. I was lucky to be born in District 7. I've heard stories of how other Districts such as 12 struggle to even feed themselves. I've never seen proof since leaving your District isn't allowed and if the stories were true, the Capitol wouldn't televise it. I'd only seen the glory of the Career Districts on screen. The lap dogs of the Capitol, showered in whatever they were given. I can't imagine how hard it must be for some of the other Districts, the fear that ran through me when my name was called must be the fear that runs through them each day. I know I shouldn't be feeling sorry for myself, there are 23 other people in the same position as me, some prepared more than myself and others not. I'm not the first one to be here, there have been 73 past Games for crying out loud! I shake my head against the soft covers below me to shake my negative thoughts and rise to sit. Noticing a set of draws to my left, I climb up and examine their contents. Clothes, a little fancier than the ones back home. I pluck a simple blue shirt and black leggings from the selection and drape them over my arm. I instantly assume the door beside the dresser leads to (what I hope is) a bathroom. The one thing that actually makes me truly smile today is the sight of the shower. Quickly I hop into the fresh room and close the door, ready to strip down from my Reaping clothes and wash all the worry and self-pity away with hot water. (A/N: Chapter 1 finished! Thank you for reading, hope you liked it and be sure to tell me if you did in the reviews!)