by the wood beginning to rot. Gianica leads us straight through the building, not pausing to talk to the little man behind the desk. He gives the other tributes and myself a look of pity as he watches us go, probably hoping that we'll die painlessly. The trains I've seen before are nothing like the ones before me. When I had hidden in the station as a little girl, I saw ugly black trains pull up; ready to be filled with coal. This train was insanely different. The body is silver, soft without a single dent. The metal shines in the light of the sun, looking like it could burn you if you touched it. A Peacekeeper opens the door, allowing us to enter. Gianica stands to the side once she in the carriage, smiling as she looks around. Day steps up after her, then me and Raven lastly. Smiling, Gianica greets us to the place we'll call home for the two days it will take to get to the Capital. She tells us that it is a great honour to be inside the walls of the train, to be in such luxury. We're lucky and should not take this precious haven for granted. The walls of the train are padded with red velvets, black buttons in the middle of each cushion. The floor is a black carpet, there to match the buttons. To the left of the door is a huge wooden table, chairs tucked neatly around it. To the right, there is a corridor where we are told the bedrooms and bathrooms are. Gianica takes us to the tables, telling us to take a seat. I sit down, noticing the seat of the chair is also lined with a red velvet cushion. She orders us to wait before leaving, saying she was going to go get our mentor. Good, the sooner the better. We need to think of tactics, ways to keep us alive in the arena; ways of giving us a chance of getting home. The three of us are silent as we sit waiting, our arms leaning on the cold wooden table. I keep my gaze straight in front of me, not looking away from the red wall. I feel Day shift uncomfortably besides me but I don't look at her. She sits opposite Raven, he's probably looking at her and making her feel that way. Its understandable, they'll have to try and kill each other soon. Gianica re-enters the carriage room, another woman following her. This woman is totally different from Gianica, this woman I know. Her name is Torla, she was in the games when I was eleven. She's the first victor from District Twelve, the other victors being from Districts Two, Three or Five. She's a tall woman, standing at around 5'11 while I stand at a dainty 5'6. still better than Day though, she's 5'3. Torla's black hair is pulled into a bun at the back of her head and her black eyes look over us. The twenty-four year old victor walks to the chair at the head of the table, taking a seat. She continues to looks at us and my patience begins to wear thin. She nods her head, as if we have some how given an answer to a question she was thinking. "Well? Any tips?" I ask, still leaning forward in my seat. "Anxious, are we?" Torla says, a hint of surprise lining her words. "I want to be able to survive in the arena, I want to know everything" I inform her. "I'm not going to die pathetically, I'll die fighting." "That's what they all say" she chuckles darkly. "Do you know how many really put up a fight?" I stand up and go to the draw behind me. I pull it open to show silver, shining cutlery and place mats. I take out a wooden place mat, eight knifes and close the draw. I walk over to the other side of the table and put the place mat against the wall, using one of the knifes to hold it in place. "Winchester!" Gianica gasps as she sees me ruin the beautiful train carriage. Oh well, I need to prove I'm a fighter. She, along with the others, still watches me with interest as I go back to my original place. Holding one of the knifes in my right hand, I judge how much force I'll need to apply. I pull my arm back, aiming for the green centre of the place mat. I throw the knife, it wedges itself into the small green circle, surrounded by the blue rectangle. I throw another knife, and then another as they each fit into the circle. I continue to throw one knife into each of the corners of the place mat before turning to Torla. "Oh I think I will go out fighting" I tell her confidently, sitting back down at the table. She looks at me with a new found interest, nodding her head slightly. "Okay, you have skill; I'll give you that." "Now, what do we do to survive?" I ask, pushing to the subject I want to know about. "You get sponsors" she replies. "And to get sponsors, the audience has to like you. And I can tell you what sweetheart, your doing brilliantly." "Thank you" I say, giving a single nod. "Winchester!" Gianica hisses a warning, telling me to behave. "Right... why don't you three go get cleaned up for dinner?" Day, Raven and I follow Gianica out of the carriage and into another one. At the first door, she leaves Raven; telling him to help himself to the clothes in the wardrobe. At the second, she leaves Day; telling her to have a nice long soak in the bathtub. She leaves me at the last door, only telling me to be in a better mood for dinner and to be more polite; Torla is here to help me. Yeah... it really seems that way.