me and slowly turn around with as minimal movement as possible, bow loaded. When I finally inch around enough to see what had peaked my senses, I lower my bow, a slight smile on my face that probably looks more like a scowl. Gale is there, leaning against a tree, bow slung over his broad shoulder and three rabbits hanging from his belt. Gale is always testing my prowess as a hunter. He tries to sneak up on me but I always know when he's near. "Catnip, Happy Reaping Day," he says to me as he finds a tree branch near mine that is strong enough to hold his weight. He hoists himself up starts scanning the woods to see the hunting potential. I nod to him but I don't feel like talking. My throat feels like it's full of chalk and I have no idea what I can say that will sound strong. Gale is used to this quieter me. Ever since I came back from the arena I've been more reserved. I can see that he misses the old Katniss and that he wishes I would snap out of it. I can see the hurt in his eyes every time he receives my silence as a response to one of his rants about the Capitol. In the pre-Hunger Games Days, I would listen to him as he complained about the work condition in District 12 and I would join in now and then and help make him feel better but now that I am a Victor I know that nothing I saw will make our lives easier and so I say nothing. He is a good friend and he continues to use our old jokes and games as if I were the same. I have thought about speaking to him about the things that bother me but he wouldn't understand. There is no way that I could ever feel right about dumping it all on him, anyway. It is this that has caused the barrier between us. When I think of Gale, I think of home. I am never more comfortable than the times in which Gale and I are in the woods together. There was a time when I thought of Gale as more than a friend but since then I have come to understand in more depth what happens to those who fall in love and get married. I have seen it firsthand. One of dies first and the other can't live. The children are an unnecessary complication that only causes worry for the first 18 years until the reapings are over. I don't want to be married and so I know this barrier is for the best. Without it, Gale and I might've admitted the feelings between us. I can't deny there are feelings but I refuse to act on them. It's not fair to Gale for me to keep him for myself when I don't intend to marry him. Many of the girls at school are interested in him and it would only be right to let Gale have a normal life, something I cannot provide no matter how long I live. I'm not an expert on feelings since I am not that kind of girl. I am the type of girl who has dirt from the hunt underneath her fingernails. I am the girl who thinks practically. I am the girl who needs no one. The other girls are the kind to discuss the good-looking boys that are available and the color of the dress they wish they could afford. Gale deserved one of them. Someone who was willing to marry him and give him children. Gale should have a girl who does not wake up screaming in terror every night. We sit in the trees and scan for food opportunities and due to our silence we are able to shoot a wild turkey, three squirrels and two more rabbits. On our way back, we come across a bunch of berries that I pick a gallon of, leaving the rest for Gale to pick tomorrow when I am on the train to the Capitol to mentor another Games. At the Hobb we trade the turkey, and rabbits but I save the squirrel for the baker. The baker is very fond of squirrel and always trades me more than I trade him but I, unlike my father, refuse to deal with the baker's wife so I wait outside the back door until I am sure that she is at the front with a customer before I knock. The door opens a moment later and the baker appears. He sees the three squirrels that I have and offers me a smile. He takes the squirrels from me. "A fine shot as always," he says. "I'll get your trade. Just a moment." Gale kicks a rock that was near his foot and draws in the dirt with his toe. I can see into the bakery from the inch-wide opening of the door that the baker left gapped. Even though the coal mines are closed and so are the other merchants, the baker always works on Reaping Day because people need food for the Reaping feast that will occur for the families whose children are not chosen. Business lost is not something his wife allows. The door creaks open again and a bag is placed into my hands. I don't check to see what he has offered in trade. I never do. I do my best to keep on good terms with everyone that I trade with just in case. Besides, I am trying to ensure that the businesses do well to keep the District well fed. I swallow and say, "Good luck," before I turn and leave, Gale following me. I don't look to see his face because I know that he will be just as worried about who will be chosen today. He has two sons that will have their name entered into the reaping.