hold the washbasin closer. "Does it hurt? We can try some pain medicine." Peeta said that his whole body ached but refused medicine saying that he would just throw it up again. "You could always give me another sponge bath," he suggested with a grin. "You remember that?" "Oh yeah. Are you kidding me? I will never forget that," he said with a chuckle. She laughed, rewetted a washcloth and gave it to him. He leaned back in the bed and held the cloth to his face. Finally, he pulled it away and looked at her. "Why are you doing this Katniss?" "You needed it." "You could get sick too," he said. "I feel like I would have caught it by now if I was going to," she said by way of appeasing him. "Don't die for me, you won't be doing me any favors," "Peeta, it doesn't matter what you say; I'm not leaving here until you're better." He stared at her. "You're pretty stubborn Everdeen." "You have no idea." Katniss turned her head to see Prim striding into the room. "She's bossy too." Prim smiled angelically at her sister then held out another prefilled syringe. "What's this," Katniss asked. "This," Prim said, "is the cure." The capital finally came through. With all of the advanced medical knowledge she knew they had, Katniss was only surprised that it took them so long to finally develop something that would put an end to the epidemic. Mr. Mellark and Rye appeared behind Prim. "Give Prim your arm son. Let's get you well." The shot would take effect immediately putting the patients to sleep and within twenty-four hours, when they woke, they would be virus free, healthy again. Prim swiped an alcohol prep pad over Peeta's shoulder then gave him the injection. Within five minutes he was asleep. Prim left to help deliver the medicine to others, but Katniss stayed on; still insisting she would remain until it was clear that Peeta was better. She fell asleep that evening in a recliner that Rye had pushed into the room for her, feeling more optimistic than she had in a long time. "Katniss… Katniss… Katniss wake up." Something lumpy landed on her. Katniss opened her eyes to see Peeta smiling back at her from his pillow. "Did you just throw a roll of paper towels at me?" He grinned brightly then sat up in bed. She sat up too. He looked so much better. She couldn't help but smile back at him. "How are you feeling?" "I feel alright, considering. I'm pretty surprised actually." He laughed and shook his head in disbelief. "I thought I was a goner there for a while." "We all did," Mr. Mellark said as he entered the room. Rye followed and the four discussed if and what Peeta should try to eat for breakfast. As Mr. Mellark headed to the kitchen, Rye turned to Katniss. He told her that they had put some fresh linens in the bathroom if she would like to shower or refresh herself a bit, she was welcome to. Thankful for the suggestion, she agreed and gathered her things into her bag. Rye showed her to the bathroom again. She was beyond thrilled that Peeta seemed to be on the mend, but as she showered, she realized that she would be leaving and found that she didn't really want to go. She had been insulated away from the rest of the district as she had nursed Peeta. Now, she would be returning to the reality of what was happening in Twelve. The thought made her anxious. And, what about the Mellarks? Three men, one still very weak, would try to recover from this nightmare and come to terms with losing their mother and wife. She had grown fond of them in the hours she had been there. She wondered what it would be like between them all now. Would their relationships go back to how they were before? Katniss would see Mr. Mellark during trades and maybe Peeta would say hello to her if he passed her in town. The thought dampened her spirits. She dressed after her shower and as she walked back to Peeta's room she overheard quiet conversation. As she neared the door she realized that they were talking about Mrs. Mellark and how afraid they had been for Peeta. She waited until there was a pause in conversation and she knocked before stepping back inside. She felt awkward. They were all looking at her. "I just wanted to see if you needed anything else and say goodbye, I guess. Peeta, I'm so glad that you are feeling better." "You're leaving?" Peeta sounded surprised. Katniss didn't know what to say so she nodded. "But no, not yet," he said. Mr. Mellark stood up and said that they shouldn't impose on Katniss any longer and enveloped her in a huge hug. "Thank you for saving my son." When he let her go, Rye was there with another hug. He told her that he would walk her to the door. Katniss looked at Peeta. She couldn't place the expression on his face. She could see he was conflicted. Finally resigned to her departure, he said, simply, "Thank you." Tears sprang to her eyes. She nodded then turned quickly for the door. Rye followed her down the hall. They were half way down the stairs, when Peeta called out. "Katniss, I hope you'll come back! I'll be needing another bath soon!" Laughter rang through the house. At the door Rye thanked her again, choking up slightly himself. The door clicked closed behind her and she began her walk home. She made it as far as the apple tree where she sank to the ground and cried. It was huge release of emotion. Finally, she pulled herself together, dried her eyes and walked home. Resolved to return the next day to check on the boy with the bread, whether they wanted her to or not.