I love you so much. From the moment you looked at me in that elevator, I loved you. I'm so sorry that I kept this from you." Katniss blinked, surprised when she felt the trail of wetness on her cheeks. She didn't know where they would go but she felt that he had to know something, too. "Will you grab my phone for me?" she asked him. Peeta reached into her tote and took out her iPhone before handing it to her. "If we really want to start again—to do this right—then you should know me, too," Katniss told him. "I posted this picture on my Instagram about two months ago as a throwback." She handed the phone back to him. "I never ever thought you would see me like this." Katniss watched as he examined the photo of her—12, in braces, and wearing a t-shirt with The Tributes' neon green logo on it. Behind her was a wall of P-Beatz posters that she had pinned and coveted with the careful care and longing of a young girl having her first crush. Peeta's finger traced over her adolescent face gently and she watched a smile grow on his handsome face. He met her eyes. "You're adorable." "I had headgear too, you know," she told him with a grin. Peeta sat next to her, his arm going around her shoulders and pulling her close. "Oh yeah?" "And, I didn't get boobs until I was 16," Katniss continued. "I couldn't grow facial hair," Peeta said. "I used to watch Cato shave when we were touring and I'd just be so jealous." Katniss brushed her thumb along his chin. "I like you better without facial hair." "The braces and headgear made your smile even prettier," he told her quietly. Her head went to his shoulder and she let out a small breath. "When I was 12, my parents were getting divorced, just like yours," she said, her eyes closing and remembering that painful part of her past. "You sang that song, 'You Are Mine' on TRL. It made me feel like I wasn't the only one going through something like that. I think I fell in love with you right then. You made me like someone like you could feel pain and regret, just like an ordinary person—like me." "Katniss, you were never ordinary," Peeta whispered into her ear. She took his hand, bringing her mouth to his knuckles, and her eyes closed at the sensation of his skin. "Neither are you." "Can we start again?" he asked. Katniss turned to him, seeing that same tenuous hope that she knew was in her gaze, before nodding. "Yes." One Year Later… They held hands the whole way home though Peeta's free arm held a bag of groceries. "Annie is wondering if we can watch Maddie next Friday," Katniss told her boyfriend. "What do you think?" "I'd say no, but that girl is so damn cute," he told her. "And, I'm pretty sure that you already said yes." She chucked. "Yes, I did." Peeta shook his head at her. "I couldn't help it! Annie gave me that pout and told me that she and Finnick hadn't been…together…in months." "Far be it for me to deny my friends a chance to get intimate," he told her. "I can't say no to you, either." They made a turn leading into their apartment building and the sound of music wafted through the air where the courtyard was. "I guess someone's having a party." Katniss sighed. "I hope it's not too noisy. I'm exhausted from doing inventory and we still have cleanup before your Dad gets here. We're trying to convince him that it was a good idea for us to move in together, remember?" "Of course, I remember." Peeta stopped, turning to her. "Why don't we check out this party? I'm sure they won't notice us." She looked to him suspiciously. "That's kind of weird, isn't it?" "Just a quick peek…" Peeta pouted at her. "…please?" Katniss smiled at him. "You have Maddie's pout." Rounding the corner, they walked towards the courtyard and Katniss let out a yelp seeing what was in front of her. Her father was there with Lena and Rye, who waved at them joyfully. Beside them were Peeta's father and his brothers, Aidan and Grant. Then there was Prim along with Marvel—they were supposed to be on their honeymoon. At the end of the group were Finnick, Annie, and seven-month-old Maddie. Johanna was, not surprisingly, sitting on Cato's lap. They had met when Katniss moved into Peeta's apartment and spent two days in Johanna's apartment, 'purging' her presence. That's what Johanna called it when she called in sick, anyway. Katniss turned to Peeta. "What is this?" "A reunion concert of sorts." He led her further towards the courtyard and she saw that Gale and Thresh had also come. "Come sit here." She nodded in disbelief as everyone gathered around. "Do you remember what happened here?" Peeta asked her. "Of course. This is where we first kissed," she responded with a roll of her eyes. "It's also when I first realized that you were it for me," he told her. "I want to ask you something—but first, I thought I'd sing the song that made you fall in love with me." Katniss beamed. "Really?" Peeta stood up and the rest of the group gathered behind him. Cato clapped his shoulder as Gale began to strum the guitar to begin the first chords of 'You Are Mine'. "Yes, I'm going to sing to you," Peeta told her. "But after, you have to say yes." Katniss nodded eagerly. "I promise." Peeta reached into his pocket and placed a velvet box in her open palm. "Hold this." He winked before stepping back to begin his song. FIN. Songs: "Read My Mind"-The Killers "Accidentally in Love"-Counting Crows (The version of the song I'm using can be found on YouTube) "You Are Mine" is an original song written by me