examine the small chip that had changed her life. She was able to meet her father and witness her parents fall in love. It was the best birthday present that she could have ever received. Dropping the chip to the concrete, Marley stomped onto it, hearing the destructive crunch under her shoe. It was all over. Going to her house, she pressed her hand to the lock pad and opened the door quietly. The house was dark and Marley expertly made her way to her room. Closing the door, she quickly threw her pajamas on, reveling in the scent of her bedroom. Beep ! She looked to her phone to find a text from Josh: ' Missed you today. I'll see you tomorrow along with Mom and Dad .' Marley didn't recall him saying that his parents would be coming by but they usually just waved before rushing off to another event. She typed back quickly: ' Can't wait to see you .' Laying back in her bed, Marley closed her eyes and readied herself for a well-deserved sleep. But not before reaching for her phone once more and typing one last message to Josh. ' I love you .' Saturday, September 24, 2033 10:00 AM The sunshine hit her eyes and slowly woke Marley from her sleep. Her stomach growled in hunger. It felt like she hadn't eaten for days. Quickly, she got up and opened the door to her room. Her Mom was probably already at work since Cato was a tyrant and made her work Saturdays. Going down the hallway, Marley made her way to the kitchen, passing the dining room and living room as she did. Wait… She backpedaled to look into the dining room. Walking inside, Marley stared at the three-tier cake surrounded by gold gift-wrapped presents. The cake was white fondant with yellow icing cursive saying: 'Happy Birthday Marley!' There was gold confetti sprinkled along the table and atop the ceiling, yellow streamers hung from the chandelier. A pair of hands suddenly covered her eyes. "Happy Birthday, kid," a deep voice greeted. The hands lifted and she turned to see her father standing before her—very much alive. Peeta Mellark had aged slightly, the crinkles in the corners of his eyes as he smiled being the only indication of his age. "Dad?" Her voice came out thicker than she expected. "I'm sorry that we had to celebrate your birthday a day late, but my art show took a little longer to close," her father explained and he held out his arms to her. "Come here, eighteen-year-old." Rushing to him, Marley burst into tears taking in the feel of her father's embrace. "Hey now…" Her Dad kissed the top of her head. "What's with the tears?" Marley pulled away to smile at him. "I'm just happy that you're here." "I guess we missed the big table reveal." Turning, Marley found her mother walking towards them with a golden-haired boy in her arms. Giving her daughter a hug, Katniss placed the toddler in her daughter's shocked arms before going to her husband to give him a kiss. "I would've been here sooner but San Francisco called to confirm my lecture for next week." "Well, you are the most coveted music professor in the country," Peeta said to her before they looked to their daughter. "Also, I know that Marley wanted to check out some schools over there." "What do you think, sweetheart?" Her mother asked with a smile. "Me and you? Checking out schools in the Bay Area? We can stay at your Aunt Prim's penthouse while she tours Europe with Craig or Greg…or whoever her latest boyfriend is. Maddox and your father will hold down the fort." Marley looked at the toddler in her arms and his grey eyes shone as he smiled at her. Her brother's name was Maddox—and he was beautiful. "I think that sounds perfect," she told her mother. She watched her parents grin at one another before their lips met in a tender kiss. "Cake." Marley looked to her brother who clapped in excitement seeing the tiered cake in front of them. "Marley! Cake!" She couldn't help but burst into tears once more. Haymitch and Johanna were in Egypt. Her godfather's partner was on assignment while he worked to finalize the algorithm that had brought her back. Along with a new set of remote locks, she received a video message from them to say happy birthday and to make sure that the chip was destroyed. The Prius was now hers—for driving purposes only . She had just finished parking her car in the garage before she decided to begin her response to the couple, resting her back against the Prius as she pulled out her phone. "Wow." Marley turned to find Josh walking into the garage. She grinned in response. "What?" "You and that car together…" Her boyfriend wrapped an arm around her. "…it does things to me." Marley chuckled. "Good things, I hope." "Definitely good things," Josh responded as her arms wrapped around his neck. He pressed his forehead to hers. "I'd kiss you but our parents are right there." She peeked to her side to see her parents with the Odairs on their large front porch. They were all staring, quickly looking away when they realized the couple saw them. "You said something to me last night in your text," Josh suddenly said, his cheeks bright. He held out his phone to her. "Care to read it?" Marley shook her head at his request. She had time traveled, saved her father's life, and changed her destiny. In-between all this, it had become clear. "I know what I said," Marley whispered against her boyfriend's lips. "I love you." FIN . Songs: "Wherever You Will Go"-The Calling (Version that Katniss sings is performed by Charlene Soraia) "Uptown Funk"-Mark Ronson feat. Bruno Mars "Time of My Life"-Pitbull feat. Ne-Yo *Also, I'd love to know how many 'Back to the Future' reference you spotted!