eyes, his own hand reaching to caress my cheek. "I don't doubt one bit that they didn't spend every day looking for their Peeta." "Even if they find me, I won't be anyone else's Peeta—just yours." His fingers weave through my thick hair and he gently beckons me to lay back down. This time I am closer, our arms pressed together and I warm feeling him so near. Peeta moves so that he looks down at me. "Will you be mine—just mine, Katniss?" I nod, breathless as the haziness of his eyes. "Yes, just yours." His fingers dance along the edge of my pajama top before undoing the top two buttons. I feel the anticipation draw up, aching to feel his fingers along my heated skin. Peeta takes his time, drawing the opening back, and staring down at the full cleavage that breastfeeding our son has afforded me. "You're so beautiful," he tells me, the electricity in his words causing my body to seize up and my nipples to ache in arousal. "Can I touch you? Will you allow it?" "Yes…please." I can hear the hunger in my voice. "I'll allow it." Peeta leans down, his open mouth pressing to my breastbone and my center twists, my insides clenching and eager to feel him all around me—inside and out of me. He moves his lips, one hand reaching to a heavy breast, palming it gently. His gaze is reverent as he stares down at puckered skin, sensitive to his light touch. It feels like hours before his lips find my nipple and the moan that escapes my mouth is honeyed with desperation. Peeta circles the bud with the tip of his tongue before flicking it and earning a deep cry from my core. Memories of the first time that he did this to me swim in my mind; that discovery of something as wonderful as pleasure from someone you love, someone you want, and who wants you back. Even then I knew that the passion we shared was like no other. I draw myself away before taking his hand and pulling him out from under the tree, walking us back towards our couch. Peeta lets go of my grasp to hastily remove the t-shirt he wears just as I pivot him to his seat. He stares up at me, moving his bottoms off, and revealing himself, hard and ready for me. I'm not wearing bottoms so after I moved my panties off, I quickly straddle his strong thighs, impaling myself on his eager cock. I breathed into our joining. "Oh God…" Peeta draws me closer, arms around my waist and his hands on my full bottom, palm to cheek. Our mouths meet in a kiss as we move together in heady, fervent lovemaking. Even now, we still remember the forbiddance of touching one another, of not being allowed to see the other in the way we desired—so we made up for it tenfold when we escaped Cray. We made love every day that first year out. I think we were worried that somehow we'd be discovered, taken from one another before we even had the chance to understand the wonderment that was us. Soon, I feel the tell-tale signs of his impending orgasm; the desperate thrusting of his hips, the deepening of his eyes at the thought of filling me as I tense around him. However I come first, wanting him to feel every clench as I draw him deeper into my center. "Katniss!" Thick wetness pulses my insides and I feel him softening inside me. Peeta holds me tightly…desperately. My lips go to his bare shoulder as he gulps for air; a small sob suddenly escapes him and I hold him close, letting him rest his head on my chest. I understand; he is scared. Nine years have passed since we escaped out are attic home. How could something not happen to us? "I love you," he whispers hoarsely. I kiss the top of his head. "I know." There is a sudden, insistent knock on our door. Our eyes meet in panic as we throw our clothes back on; the knocking continuous. I tighten my robe around myself, feeling apprehensive as Peeta takes the lead. We walk towards the door and Peeta grabs a bat that Owen left recently after a game he played nearby—his team made it to the playoffs. Holding his index finger to his lips, Peeta looks to me, poised and ready. "Answer the door." I nod and unlock the door, peeking out before letting out a breath of relief. It's Owen. "What are you doing here?" I ask as I widen the door. "It's nearly two in the morning!" Peeta approaches and I see Owen start—as if this is the first time seeing his friend and co-worker. "What's going on?" Peeta asks. "Do you remember what your bicycle looked like?" Owen says to him in a rushed voice. "Kind of…it was a sea foam green Schwinn," my husband recalls slowly. "I think I even wrote my initials on the seat of it…though I can't remember what they were." Owen goes pale and I grip Peeta's hand before meeting our friend's gaze. "Why?" He steps away from the door and when Owen returns, he is wheeling a bike. Sea Foam green…a Schwinn…then he turns it to reveal the side of the seat. PM . Peeta Mellark. "Peeta." Owen looks torn, his hand running nervously through his hair—a trait that I realize my husband shares. "I found this in the garage of my childhood home." He lets out a choked breath. "I think you're my older brother." This was intended to be a one-shot then turned into two…and now possibly three. There's just a lot of information. Also, there's a whole lot of things that we need to cover like the reunions for Katniss and Peeta, the eventual kidnapping story unfolding and Cray's demise. Next, Part Two—Owen's story and Mrs. Everdeen. Feedback is love. Until then, JLaLa