me then do it." Prim puts her hands up. "Peeta, don't!" Katniss is rushing towards us. "Gale, don't!" The sharp pain to my head comes quickly and as I hit the ground, I hear a loud snap through my body. Then, it all goes black. Rue is dead. So is her partner, Thresh—and now the last of the Careers, Cato. Mutts chased us to the Cornucopia. Horrible mutts with the eyes of our fellow Tributes. The thought shakes my insides. Especially the thought of the one with Rue's deep brown eyes. We had befriended the young girl during my supposed alliance with the Careers. Prim and I had planned it all along. The best way to kill them off was to start from the inside. We didn't expect the pretty little girl from District 11 to keep such close eyes on us, and to help Prim cut down the Tracker Jacker hive that took down Glimmer, the District 1 female Tribute. I had already been running out to our meeting place by the time the hive hit the ground. We spent two days with Rue, telling her about our life in District 12—of Gale, of Katniss, and how we were the Kings and Queens of the forest. On the last day, when I had destroyed the Careers' supplies and Prim had stabbed Clove from District 2 during a fight, we made Rue our very own Princess. Marvel, Glimmer's counterpart, had found the little girl, sending a spear through her stomach as she waited in our meeting spot. I had arrived too late but I sent an arrow to his chest. It is still the only kill that I feel good about. Prim had lost it, screaming into the air as she cradled Rue in her arms. I still see her blood-stained hands when I close my eyes. Prim's creamy skin had never been tainted. She had always been the neat one. Katniss had always been the one who enjoyed running through the mud with me. "We have to clean her up before they take her," I whispered in her ear. "Give her some dignity. Let her District know that she didn't die in vain." Nodding frantically, Prim wiped her tears away as she gently laid Rue down in the grass. Together, we fixed her hair and zipped up her jacket so her wound was unseen. I made sure that her shoes were properly tied. When Prim disappeared, I gathered wildflowers for Rue to hold. Placing them in her small hands, I leaned down to kiss her forehead. "Watch over us, Princess." Prim is suddenly next to me, a small daisy chain crown in her hands. Carefully, she placed it on Rue's head and together, we stand up to embrace each other. "I'm so tired, Peeta…" Prim's sobs shake me to the core. "No." I take her face in my hands. "Remember. Look to the West." "R-R-Right," she agreed shakily. "And, we're the only ones left except for Cato and Thresh." We left then, but not before holding up the District 12 sign, knowing that Rue's family could see us. Now, as I help Prim down from the Cornucopia, I look around and wait for the announcement to declare us winners of the 74th Hunger Games. But, instead— " Attention, remaining Tributes—the previous rule…has been revoked. There can only be one Victor. Good luck and may the odds be ever in your favor." Prim and I look to one another. I almost want to laugh at the absurdity and cruelty of it all. I take Prim's hand and placed within it the dagger that she used to kill Clove. "Just like we practiced," I tell her as I put the knife to my carotid artery. "We knew that this might happen." Prim nods, her eyes intent. I know she doesn't want to, but we have a plan. I'm sticking to it. "It doesn't have to be this way." "Yes, it does," I assure her. "It's okay." I breathe deeply and feel the blade against my skin. "Always—remember?" "I remember," she says in a soft voice. "Close your eyes, Peeta." Closing my eyes, I feel a peaceful calm come over me and embrace the thought that I'll be somewhere watching over her. Maybe one day, she'll even name her son after me. Death doesn't come, however. Instead of blood filling my throat, I taste warm salted tears against my lips and I open my eyes panicked to see that Prim has dropped the dagger at my feet. Pulling away quickly, Prim stares at me, a blue smile on her pink lips. "I've never been kissed before." She looks up at the fake arena sky. "I'm sorry!" Then that word again—it comes out in single breath. " Makidada… " Her hand reaches into the pocket of her jacket and she pulls out a handful of dark, round berries. Her eyes meet mine and Prim gives me a tear-filled smile. "Peeta…" I rush towards her. "PRIM, NO—" But, she swallows the berries in one gulp and the cannon sounds as Prim falls to the ground. This wasn't part of the plan. We had a plan. I'm reaching for her, pressing her mouth to mine, and trying to breathe life back to her lifeless body. Or, maybe I'm trying to take the little bit of nightlock that might be left against her lips… All I know is that as Claudius Templesmith announces my name and declares that I am now the Victor of the 74th Hunger Games, I am clinging onto the body of one of my best friends before Peacekeepers pull me away to sedate me. Since I'm sure you're curious, the word 'Makidada' roughly translates to 'little sister' in Swahili. We'll learn about that in a later part of the story. No, there was never a thing between Prim and Peeta. I'm sure you're wondering about that, too. As always, feedback is always welcomed. I will see you in the next chapter. -JLaLa