a present for you, too." Katniss chuckled softly, her eyes warm. "Thanks, baby." Four hours later… "I think she's finally done crying," Katniss said from where she lay. Peeta plopped down next to her on the mattress. "And, Liam has finally decided to go to bed." He looked over at his friend and smiled tiredly. "I don't know how you do it." "Patience," his friend replied. "Lots of patience." Katniss' eyes fluttered in exhaustion. "Let's just rest our eyes for a quick minute." Peeta closed his eyes. "Agreed." Since arriving back from the airport, Peeta and Katniss had been juggling taking care of both the kids. For a bit, he and Liam helped the teething Charlie by holding the cold ring to her sore gums. He switched off with Katniss so that he could prepare grilled cheese sandwiches at Liam's request for dinner and the three of them had eaten in the nursery. Then as Katniss bathed Liam, he had rocked Charlie until she fell asleep. When it was time for Liam to go to bed, Charlie woke up and so Katniss went to her daughter as he shuffled to Liam's room, where the little boy showed him his entire collection of Ninja Turtles memorabilia and proudly displayed his present from Peeta at the center of it all. Now, here he and Katniss were at the brink of exhaustion. Then the wail from Charlie's room came. He stood up, not even thinking about his tiredness. "I'll go." "Thank you, love," Katniss mumbled, half-asleep. "You might as well marry me," Peeta told her. "Because, this is pretty much how I imagine it." Katniss waved him off. "Yeah…yeah…" Standing up, he went to Charlie's nursery, a large meringue-yellow colored room and picked up the tired baby. Cradling her close, Peeta sat down in the rocking chair next to her crib. "I know it hurts, sweetheart." He pressed his lips to her forehead. "The good thing is that your fever is down…and soon you'll feel much better and have a new set of chompers." "Peeta?" He looked up to see Liam in the doorway. The little boy went to Peeta, crawling onto the free space on his lap. "Can't sleep." "What can I do to help you?" Peeta asked the little one. "Tell me a story?" Liam suggested tiredly as he settled his head onto Peeta's chest. "How about I tell you about the first time that I met your Mommy?" he said and the little boy nodded in agreement. "I was about your age and it was my first day of Kindergarten. Our teacher had us sit in a circle and then asked who knew the Valley song, which is Panem's town song. And, your Mommy's hand just shot up." Liam yawned. "Really?" "Yeah." Peeta grinned as he caressed the boy's head and pressed his lips to Charlie's forehead. "She was wearing a red dress and her hair was in two braids instead of one. Your Mommy just stood right up and belted out that song like there was no tomorrow." His eyes went to the doorway where he found Katniss watching them, her gaze focused on him. Peeta met her eyes. "And, her singing was so beautiful that even the birds outside our classroom window stopped singing to listen. I just knew then that I couldn't live my life without having her in it. That I was just meant to love her for the rest of my life." Looking down, he realized that both of the children were asleep. Katniss reached for Charlie. "I'll put her to bed. You can take care of the little man." Nodding, he stood up, cradling the sleeping boy and carried Liam out of the room. Going next door, Peeta placed him in his bed and pulled the blanket over the little one. Leaning down, Peeta kissed the boy's forehead. "Goodnight…son." Getting up from the bed, he went to the door and shut off the light before going into the hallway. There, Katniss was waiting for him. Her smoky eyes beckoned him and he went to her. "Peeta—" His hands reached to cradle her face and Peeta drew her close, pressing his mouth to hers insistently. Katniss yielded, her mouth opening as she let his tongue plunder hers and taste what he had craved for as long as he could remember. And, Peeta knew he was where he was always meant to be. Backing her against the wall, Katniss bucked against his pelvis, a quiet moan escaping her mouth as she moved her hot center against his own to create a friction that had him aching to be inside her. If she kept on, Peeta knew he would be unable to hold back. He would take her right there against the wall. But, his concern for their children overpowered his lust. "Should we be doing this here?" he whispered as his mouth moved to her neck and his lips sucked at her sweet skin. She arched against him, small pants escaping her lips. "Let's go to our room." He planted a kiss on her chin before pulling away slightly. "Our room?" She nodded, her hand reaching to the nape of his neck to pull him in for another kiss. "Hell yes, our room." One Year Later… "Can I help you?" The saleswoman asked Peeta. "Yes," he replied and looked down at Liam. "My son and I were having 'Guy Time' and he wanted us to look for something for his mother. It's her birthday." "That's adorable," the woman gushed. "What are you looking for, sweetheart?" "I want to get my Mommy a necklace." Then, he pointed to Peeta. "And, he wants to get her an engagement ring. Especially since Mommy is having my little brother—and doesn't want anyone to see him through her wedding dress." He stifled a laugh; sometimes Liam could be a little too observant. But, Peeta wouldn't have him any other way. Meeting the woman's amused eyes, he nodded. "Lead the way." FIN.