go. I just didn't think that it would be so soon." Taking a deep breath, I give him an assuring smile. "I'll have a lot of things to keep me preoccupied so the time will pass quickly." We still haven't finished unpacking. Also, classes start in a week and I've also been filling my time with shifts at the bar. I continue to list all the things for me to do in my head to keep myself from coming to terms with the fact that Cato will be leaving for a cross-country journey for a whole month. And, that I will be all alone. "What are you thinking?" Cato whispers into my ear. I turn to meet those sweet blue eyes. I haven't been able to lie to Cato since we were kids. He could always tell that I was keeping something from him. "A month," I say to him. "A lot can happen in a month." "I'm going to be traveling in a rickety old van and climbing to temples," Cato replies. "You're going to be in school and at work. The time will pass and before you know it—I'm going to be home and in your arms." Together, we lay back on the soft mattress and I'm spooned against Cato. His heart beats against my back and press myself into him to memorize those beats coming from his firm chest. "It's going to be boring here," I whine. "Is that your way of saying you're going to miss me?" Cato asks and I chuckle at his teasing words. Before long, he is laying me on my back to press his lips to mine. My arms encircle around his neck as he urgently begins to tug at the leggings I wear. "Promise that you will." My legs part eagerly as soon as Cato throws my leggings, along with my panties, to the ground—and then, he is thrusting quickly into me. My back arches as the pleasure spikes up my chest and causes my nipples to tighten. "I'll miss you…and this…" I tell him as his hand reaches to yank my shirt up and his lips go immediately to a rosy peak. "More…please!" My eyes meet his and I'm surprised at the tenderness in his. His eyes usually go feral during our lovemaking. "Make me forget that you're leaving…" I'm surprised by the sadness in my voice; I've never been a sentimentalist. Cato slows and he kisses me, hooking my leg over his hip. "I'm going to make sure that you never forget this moment, Katniss." He begins to pick up his pace. "Because when I come back, we're going to have a talk about us. You're it for me—no one else. You just have to remember that every day that I'm gone." The words don't seem real. I know I love Cato, but this all feels likes too much. So instead of responding, I put my hand to the nape of his neck to silence him once more with my kiss. "I'll call as soon as I land," Cato assures me, two days later. It's nearly sundown as I walk him out to his cab. I try to smile at his excitement but I'm disheartened by it, too. This whole Manhattan move was something that we were supposed to experience together. "Be safe," I tell him and my arms reach to wrap around his neck to pull him in for a kiss. "Don't fall in love with any cute tour guides." Cato chuckles. "Don't go falling in love with anyone, either." His eyes look over my shoulder. "Make sure of that for me, Peeta!" I turn to see our roommate walking over to us; his shift at the bakery must have just ended. "Make sure none of those Juilliard boys get near my girl." We separate so that he can shake Peeta's hand. "Katniss will be fine," Peeta assures him. His eyes wander over to me and he gives me a smile. "She's a lot braver than she thinks." "Don't I know it," Cato replies. "I better go. I have to meet my team at JFK in an hour." Kissing me one last time, he hops into his cab and I watch it speed away until it disappears down the block. "I mean it." Turning, I see Peeta beside me. "You're a lot braver than you think." "You don't know me," I say to him. "So how would you know how brave I can be?" "Just have a feeling about you," Peeta tells me. "Like you're just on the verge of finding what makes you…you." He gives me a smile. "When it does, I hope I'm there to see it." I nod before looking out into the direction where Cato's cab disappeared. Finally, I look to him. "Before that happens, do you want to grab something to eat?" Peeta stares at me for a moment before a bright grin breaks out on his lips. He looks much younger when he smiles that way and something in me stirs at seeing it. This is not good. I shouldn't be staring so hard at someone who isn't my boyfriend. But, I'll have to learn to deal with the enigma that is Peeta Mellark. Because, he is my roommate—and right now, my only friend in Manhattan. "Sure," he responds. "Do you like pizza?" I snort. "You really don't know me," I say. My lips rise in a proud smile. "I can eat a whole pizza by myself!" He puts an arm around me and leads me down the block. "Now this I have to see." Just a new little something I'm working on. This began as "Last Words" prompt and now has spiraled into this. Like all of my trademark fics, the title comes from a song—from one of my favorite artists, Ben Folds. It's going to be a difficult process to Everlark, I assure you. As always, comments, reviews and hellos, are always welcomed. Next, Chapter Two: Peeta Till Then, JLaLa