self, my inner burn, no Mockingjay. No one to save me. "Peeta," I whispered, so desperate to bring him back. My boy with the bread. "I love you. Real or not real?" His face twisted. "Not real." Then he lunged. I screamed, tried to stand, tripped back on my blanket and landed on my ass. I tried to crawl, but he had already got me and I was soon pinned beneath his large body. His warm hands ripped at my clothes and slammed my head into the floor so much that blood pooled beneath my cheek. My vision exploded with stars. I was passing out. I was dying. Peeta was killing me. His fingers found my naked hips, his hands lifted my knees; I swallowed blood. It gurgled in my throat and dried on my skin. My fingers found my mug and I swung it with all my strength. Peeta dropped from my body, groaning and the cup smashed over the floor. I staggered up, slipping in blood, embedding the soles of my feet with porcelain and ran whilst pulling my leggings back up. I was aiming for the front door but Peeta managed to hurl something at me and I dived into the kitchen to avoid the flying object. "You like being a tease, Katniss?" Peeta called. I gasped into the silence of the cold kitchen, trying to formulate a plan but I wasn't quick enough. He rounded the corner just as I gripped something. I looked at what I had retrieved. A knife. My head pounded with agony. Blood dried in the cool air on my skin and my hair was soaked with it. The head ache was like a spike through my forehead, tearing me apart between worlds and times and memories. Clove throwing her knife at me and embedding it in that stupid orange backpack. Clove cutting my forehead with that wicked curved blade, taunting me with my impending death and the loss of Rue. Thresh killing Clove and letting me run. Cato killing Thresh deep in the wheat fields. Me killing Cato with an arrow after endless hours of agony. It goes on and on. Death, so much death. When I looked at Peeta, he was smiling, perhaps realising that my head was splitting open, that I was dying and that I was more frightened right then and there than I had been in any Games, or during the war. Even more than when he was in the grips of the Capitol being tortured. I was going to be sick. Was I bleeding out? Were those white spots at the edge of my vision my impending death? "Stopped pretending have we now? Finally revealing your plans to kill me?" I gripped the knife tighter, so scared, so lost and trying to fight the urge to give into darkness. The strength he had put into pounding my head in and the amount of blood pouring down my face suggested I didn't have long left, and then it wouldn't matter. I would either die the moment I passed out or Peeta would kill me the moment I was vulnerable. I wasn't going to survive this time. "That's okay," he responded to my silence. "We've been talking, and we know just how to kill you now." My stomach plummeted and I knew when he said we, he meant himself. He had been conspiring with himself. All those times he had stopped talking when I walked in to a room and kissed me instead. He was plotting to kill me. With himself. The room tilted and I gripped the counter for support, tightening my grip on the knife to keep myself in focus. Again I was transported through time, to Peeta, to my Peeta: "our next move, is for you to kill me." I looked up through blood soaked hair and saw that Peeta was still watching me, and I didn't feel sick anymore. I felt empty. "I should have done this in the games," I gasped. Peeta's eyebrow hitched as I balanced the knife in my palm. I could never throw a knife as well as I could aim a bow. Would I hit or miss? Did I want to? Did I really want to kill Peeta? I think of when I woke up on the hovercraft after taking down the force field in the arena and I had armed myself with a syringe, intent to kill Peeta and then myself to save us from the Capitol. Was this the same thing? A mercy killing? Peeta never spoke about who they had moulded him to be, never voiced how he felt to be warped into something violent and dangerous. He only ever asked for my forgiveness. Had I got everything wrong? Had my paranoia been misplaced? Was I the crazy one? Peeta didn't deserve this, but I couldn't see another way to survive. I always survived. I threw it, and it missed. Peeta charged, and I didn't know if I was relieved or scared. My emptiness ebbed and flowed. Did I really mean to kill him? We charged each other and almost immediately tumbled to the floor, colliding with the ground. The extra bash to the head seemed to be too much for my brain because my vision went. Blackness surrounded me, with only the sound of Peeta's insults meeting my ears and the feel of him wrapping his hands around my throat registering. It doesn't take long for me to die. As I slipped away, picturing blonde braids and a duck tail in a meadow, Peeta came back. He began screaming immediately, calling for Haymitch. But I was nearly there. My scarred hand reached out for Prim's outstretched one. She glanced over her shoulder at me and laughed but the musical sound was being ruined by the front door slamming open, and Peeta and Haymitch screaming at each other. I knew I couldn't be saved. There were no healers in twelve, not any more. I'm coming Prim.