birds of a feather. We love so much because we think our hearts are the most valuable things. Trust me when I tell you that Rye will protect your heart with everything he has. And, you're a lot braver than me, Prim." Peeta looked to Katniss once more. "I should've trusted her more. Because the girl I lost would have fought tooth and nail to protect my heart." He met Prim's eyes. "Prove me wrong, Prim. Show me that people like us can have a happy ending." Giving her space, Peeta waited for her response. After a moment, Prim spoke. "Okay." She was grinning from ear to ear, her tears rushing steadily down her cheeks. "Let's go back!" Peeta rushed over to her, picking the girl up, and twirling her. She laughed, the sound of it watered with happy tears. The girls in the car clapped, all wiping their eyes. As Prim got back into the car, Peeta caught Katniss' eyes. 'Good job,' she mouthed, beaming at him. He nodded before getting into the car. "Hi, I'm Peeta Mellark," he began. "And, I'm the Best Man." There was a series of whoops and hollers. "I guess my reputation precedes me." The wedding party rippled with laughter. "I'm supposed to give a speech about love and such." Peeta looked around before his eyes fell upon Prim and Rye, who were glowing. The ceremony had gone off without a hitch and even his eyes misted seeing his brother slip the wedding band onto Prim's finger. "But, I'm no expert," Peeta continued. He looked to Rye. "My brother, however—he embodies the word. Rye loves without fear or restraint. He does it unrepentantly. Big brothers are supposed to teach their little brothers things. I did the best I could and tried to give him the wisdom that I knew. I never realized that he was teaching me, too." He took a breath before raising his glass. "So this is to my brother, Rye," he said, choking back his tears. "The best teacher I know." He looked to Prim. "And to Prim, because she is oh so brave to be taking the Mellark brothers on. I love you both. Salut!" The crowd clapped uproariously as his brother and Prim hugged him. He whispered his 'I love you's' into their ears before sitting down next to Katniss. "You owe me a dance, Everdeen," Peeta said as he met her eyes. "Later, Mellark," Katniss responded, her own stare steady and her smile teasing. "If you can find me." Peeta left Effie with Plutarch, an old comrade of Mr. Everdeen's and as they continued their conversation, he stepped out of the crowded ballroom using one of the trick doors that led into the courtyard. The night was clear, the zenith of stars spread above him and he wished for hope on all of them before approaching Katniss, who sat on the old swing set. She looked up hearing his footsteps in the snow and smiled softly. "I knew that you'd find me." "You find comfort in good memories," Peeta said as he sat on the swing next to her. "I wanted to show you something." He pulled his camera strap over his head and turned on the DSLR camera. Pressing play, Peeta shuffled through the photos before stopping on the one he wanted to present to Katniss. "This is my favorite photo out of all of them." Katniss laughed seeing the picture. "You should've been paying more attention to the ceremony." It was a close-up of Katniss smiling at him during the wedding. The green gown complemented her complexion. However, her smile was what made his heart leap from his chest; it was lovely and full of hope. He saw their children in that smile. "I thought I'd print it out," he said carefully. Reaching into his pocket, he pulled out his wallet and rifled through it before presenting to her the most priceless thing inside of it. "And, put it next to this photo." Katniss took it, her eyes staring down at the faded photo of her eight-year-old self. She swallowed slowly. "You kept it," she whispered thickly. "I thought you let me go." Peeta shook his head as he placed his camera on the ground. Standing up, he faced her before kneeling down. "I couldn't," he said. "You were always in my heart, Katniss. I think I protected it for so long because you filled most of it. I don't know what's going to happen, but I swear that if you decide one day to spend your life with me, I will be there for you every waking day. I made all the choices when it came to us. Now it's your turn. " Peeta lifted her chin, seeing the crystalline tears. "Tonight after this wedding is over and we go to bed, I'll leave my door unlocked for you," Peeta told her. "If you come in and lay down with me, then that's it. We can both expect to spend the rest of our days in that very same way…together." Peeta took a nervous breath. "And, if you don't, then it's okay. But, I'm never going to stop pursuing you, Katniss. I'm always going to be hoping that you come to me, lay your head on my chest, and let me hold you till we're both asleep like that first night. I'm not letting you go. Not now. Not ever." Peeta waited, the air still around them. "They're playing our song," Katniss suddenly said. She stood up, tears rolling down her cheeks and a gentle smile on her lips. "You owe me a dance." " Those three words Are said too much They're not enough… " Peeta smiled, his own eyes watering as he pulled her close. "I've been waiting for this dance." "Me, too," she replied thickly as they began to sway. " If I lay here If I just lay here Would you lie with me and just forget the world ?" FIN.