"My mother wrote to me?" Mags shakes her head. "She had you keep this?" The woman in front of me nods as I frantically open the letter. The message is simple: ' When you become a mother, you will understand .' Six Months Later… "You did very well," Annie, Mags' niece, says to me as she holds my daughter. I give her a tired smile as Mags helps me clean up. It was a near two-day birth that the two women helped me through. Mags was a former midwife and Annie is in training. Finnick, Annie's husband, is a local fisherman and was nice enough to bring supplies over as well as take care of Hudson, Annie and his son. After the shock had worn off that my mother had lied to me, I wrote back asking for an explanation and received a response that said it was for the best. She also admitted to lying about how I miscarried to my sister, the Mellarks, and the entirety of District 12. I was livid. I wanted to find a way to get back to District 12 and throttle her. However, she only provided enough money for the one-way ticket that brought me here. I make money by weaving fishnets for all the locals. It is a good living as the men lose them during long fishing trips. Mags presses a proud kiss to my sweaty forehead. The woman has been like a surrogate mother and though I miss my mom, I'm glad that I had Mags with me. The baby stirs and Annie brings her immediately to me. I look down at my daughter, gazing at my thick, dark hair and the roundness of Peeta's eyes. She is the most beautiful thing that I have ever seen. Wrapped in a yellow blanket, my daughter holds all my hopes and dreams for something better. She holds that secret part of me that longs for Peeta. I've never mentioned him to Annie, Finnick, or Mags though I often dream about him. I see him in the surf and the riptides that I spot. During my solitary walks while the baby was inside me, I learned to love District 4 and to understand the nuances of the sea. Over time, my anger was washed away to the furthest depths of the ocean. "Hello, my love," I whisper. There is a wisp of her father's bright smile. I suddenly understand my mother's words. There is nothing I wouldn't do to protect this little girl. "What's her name?" Annie asks as she helps her Aunt clean up. My daughter awakens, her bluebell eyes staring straight at me. It comes to me immediately. "Jacinda." My gaze goes to the swaddled child that I hold. "Her name is Jacinda." Five Years Later… District 12 is a memory away. Do I think about going back? Sometimes. I miss my mother and my sister. We write often but they don't have the means to visit. My sister is training in medicine so that she can assist my mother. At sixteen, Prim is smarter than I ever was and I have faith that she will be an amazing counterpart to my mother. I send them photos of Jacinda and tell them all about her precocious nature. She questions everything. Why is the sky blue? What makes the surf strong? How many kinds of trees are there? I try my best to answer, reading as much as I can to keep my mind as alive as hers. Then, there is the most painful question: Where is her daddy? Jacinda longs to know where she got some of her key features. I watch her look between Annie and Finnick then at her playmate, Hudson, to see what parts came from whom. She knows that she has my hair and skin tone, but the other things—the upturn of her smile, the prominent chin dimple, and the slight freckles on her cheeks—are what make her curious. I'll admit that I often look out our front porch waiting to see him walking along the sand. Then I realize that he is likely married to Delly now and busy with his real family. It hurts to think that Jacinda will never know her father. "Mommy!" My thoughts are interrupted by the subject of my thoughts rushing into the living room excitedly in her bright, blue dress. I grin at her. "What is it, sweetheart?" "I met a new friend. He's on the front porch. May I invite him to my birthday party?" I grin to myself. Jacinda is a great lover of all things human and non-human. I wouldn't be surprised if I found a rabbit or possibly a raccoon on my front porch. I follow her, her two dark braids flowing behind her tiny frame. I contemplate taking my broom just in case I have to chase her new "friend" off the porch. However as I step out onto the front porch, I almost faint seeing my daughter's friend. Peeta. "I found him on the beach, talking to Uncle Finnick," Jacinda tells me. "He says that he's from the same place as Grandma and Aunt Prim." "Sorry to bother you, ma'am," Peeta says breathlessly, his eyes never leaving mine. He appears just as I remember, with a few more lines around his bright, beckoning eyes. "I've been on this long journey to find someone." I fight back my tears. "You must be tired." He grins. "I suddenly feel myself coming back to life." Jacinda looks between us and clearly she knows that something is going on for she takes my hand to lead me to closer to Peeta. "This is my Mommy." My daughter presents me proudly to her new friend. "My name is Jacinda. It means—" He kneels in front of her and reaches into his lone satchel before holding out a bright, blue flower that matches the color of their eyes. "Hyacinth." His hand reaches to cup her cheek. "It means hyacinth." FIN.