"Yes, intimidating. Then four years ago, I met you again and you had grown up. So had I." I take her hand and kiss the tips of her fingers. "And I swear, I was yours from the moment I flicked your nose." "Cato…what is this?" I slowly go on one knee. "This is me trying to work on my resolution—to be a little braver." I reach into my pocket and pull out the ring box for her to take. "Marry me?" She reaches for the box and opens it. "Holy shit!" I look up at her and in spite of the situation, I laugh. "Is that all you have to say?" She falls to her knees so that we're eye to eye. "What do you want me to say?" "Yes." I brush my lips against hers. "Say yes, Primrose." I only call her by her full name when I really want something and she knows that. I kiss the side of her mouth. "Say yes ." The last yes is whispered into her ear and I can feel her fall against me. "Then yes," she whispers. "Of course, it is a yes." I pull her to me and stand us up. Prim is holding me tightly and I can feel the wetness of her tears against my cheek. "Thank you for making one of the worst nights of my life into the best." "Thank God!" A voice interrupts. "I thought we were going to freeze to death waiting!" The loud blare of noisemakers rings through the night air as Katniss and Peeta along with the rest of the Mellarks jump out of their hiding places. They had arrived a few minutes after I did and begged me to stay. Johanna and Gale stayed with the kids. "We're engaged!" Prim holds out her left hand, which now sports the engagement ring on her finger. "We know! We've got it recorded on all of our phones!" Peeta says after he kisses her cheek. "I'm uploading it on YouTube now," Rye tells us. "Don't you dare!" Prim yells but reaches over and hugs him anyway. Katniss approaches me, a smile on her face. It's both happy and sad. "Think of it this way, you're not losing a sister. You're just gaining…me." I kiss her cheek. "Are you sad?" "No, it's just that I still have a hard time not seeing her as fourteen year old." She looks over at Prim who is showing Carrie her ring. She looks over and flashes me a smile. "But she looks so fucking happy and that's all your doing." "Come on, everyone! It's time to have our New Year's toast!" Mr. Mellark calls out, his arm around Prim. "My daughter has just asked me to walk her down the aisle!" He kisses the side of her head. Carrie hands me a plastic flute. "It's apple cider so Katniss can drink, too. Congratulations." She hugs me and joins her husband. "I hope you and Katniss don't mind," Prim says to her brother and sister. "Of course not, sweetheart," Katniss replies, her eyes wet. Prim goes to her. "I'm just full of hormones." "Oh, Katniss." Prim hugs her. "You will be my matron of honor, right?" Katniss nods and then begins to cry again. "I can't wait for your speech." "And you'll be my best man," I tell Peeta. "I promise that I won't get us kicked out of any clubs like last time." Peeta nods with a happy smile. "Of course." "Okay everyone! I'm freezing my balls off, so let's toast!" Wheaton says. "To our beautiful sister, Prim and her fiancé, Cato!" "To the New Year," Mr. Mellark adds. "To the future," Peeta says. "To family." Katniss smiles and looks down at her small bump. "To planning a wedding." Carrie looks over at Prim. "You won't regret having me as your coordinator." "To marriage." Marvel puts an arm around Rye, and looks at me. "Welcome to the circus." "To Cato finally putting a ring on it!" Rye winks at me. "We haven't chased him away, so he must be a keeper." Prim walks over and wraps an arm around my waist. She looks up at me, her eyes sparkling brightly like the ring on her finger. "To resolutions," she says. I kiss her softly. "To you." We toast. So this is a one-shot of gigantic proportions - but as everyone might remember, chapters from Two Wrongs were usually this long. Some notes as usual: Prim and Cato's apartment is in the Mission District around 16th Avenue, which is where a lot of the delicious taquerias are located. Also, there is some awesome vintage shopping, like Clothes Contact and Thrift Town, around there. Savor is a restaurant in Noe Valley which has a delicious brunch menu. They also have an adorable porch area. There is some great shopping around the area, too. It's a very family oriented neighborhood. El Farolito is a Taqueria in the Mission which I go to—a lot. The best part is that they're open really late so if you're hungry in the middle of the night, it is one place you can go to. Prim is now working at University of California San Francisco (UCSF) which is actually a teaching hospital. The Mount Zion Campus is where the Cancer Center is located. I actually worked there for a bit as an admin. Cato is still teaching at San Francisco State University. As you can probably guess, Katniss is having a little blond boy as written in "Mockingjay". "The Adventures of Milo and Otis" was a favorite movie of mine as a child. It's a really cute movie about a friendship between Milo, the cat and Otis, the dog. Dudley Moore narrates it. Jessa is Gale and Johanna's only child. She is named after my dear supermodel twin. Song: "This is Your Night"- Amber Thanks for getting to the end of this. I hope you enjoyed it. It's always nice to revisit my favorite family. -JLaLa