and listen to Arthur Conley with me, except for you. I'll take what I can get," he responded and she let out a watery laugh. "Don't cry, Katniss. I think that hurts more than anything else." "For a twelve-year-old, you're unbelievably mature." Katniss could see Peeta faltering, his eyes beginning to droop. "Get some rest." "Will you sing to me?" Peeta asked. "I've heard you once. You're actually really good." Katniss quirked a brow at him. "Just this once." She covered his chest with a thin blanket. "Close your eyes." "Happy Valentine's Day," he whispered, tugging at her braid affectionately before closing his eyes. Katniss reached to wipe his sweaty brow before clearing her throat to sing. " Our day will come if we just wait a while No tears for us Think love and wear a smile…" Peeta sighed, breathing deeply, and Katniss knew that he was falling asleep. However she continued softly, hoping only for good dreams. " Our dreams have magic because we'll always stay in love this way Our day will come…" After a moment, Katniss stood and pulled the bed rail up before giving the sleeping boy a smile. "Happy Valentine's Day, Peeta." After checking his vitals, she quickly left the room and walked over to the nearest corridor before bursting into tears. Anger, hopelessness, and anguish washed over her and she covered her mouth as the sobs erupted from her chest. Visitor hours were over and Katniss felt comfortable in the thought of letting it all out in the empty hallway. However, it didn't seem too long before she felt a hand on her shoulder. She looked up to find Haymitch in front of her. He held out his arms and she readily dove in, letting out her frustration. "You're a really good nurse, Katniss—" he assured her. "—because you appreciate life the most." "Then why isn't anyone up there listening?" "Don't believe that," the man responded. Pulling away, Haymitch held out a piece of paper to her. "This fax just came." Katniss took it, reading over the notes before looking to him once more. "Is this real?" Haymitch nodded, a grin spreading onto his usual somber expression. "Yes, Peeta has a match." Two days later.. . "Do you have everything?" Katniss asked as she held on to the rail of his bed. "Books? Comics? Records?" Peeta nodded as he lay back in the transport bed. "This came sooner than I thought." "Sooner?" She laughed at his quirky smile. "I thought you were tired of hanging out in bed." "Sure, but I was never tired of you," he said as they slowed down in front of the ambulance. Katniss followed as they circled the transport bed. "You going to forget about me?" "You?" She snorted at his question. "I couldn't even if I tried." "We're ready, ma'am," the dark-haired transporter notified her. Katniss nodded before approaching Peeta. Quickly, she drew him into her arms, feeling the thinness of his frame. She hoped for so much more for him. "Take care of yourself, Peeta." Pulling away, she kissed his forehead. "Don't forget about me." "Of course not." Peeta beamed at her, a blush on his cheeks. "You were my first Valentine—and now, my first non-relative kiss." The transportation team carefully moved his bed into the ambulance. "By the way, there's something for you in my room. I hope you like it—" The door closed quickly. Just like that, he was gone. Later that night, Katniss came home to her lonely apartment. She hadn't been home in almost two weeks. It showed in the stack of unopened mail as well as her full answering machine, its red alert button flashing riotously. Going into the kitchen, she opened the fridge to find nothing but string cheese and hummus, both with questionable expiration dates. Grabbing a bottle of wine from the cabinet next to the fridge, she took a glass and brought it all to living room. As Katniss opened the bottle, her eyes landed on the red bag next to the door. It was in Peeta's room when she had returned from saying goodbye to him. Effie had scooted her home to get a full night's sleep, not realizing that Katniss had no kind of life. Pouring herself a glass, she went over to the bag and pulled out an envelope with her name written in front. Inside was a card with a hand-drawn picture of a dandelion. Opening it, Katniss found a message: ' In honor of my only Valentine. –Peeta' Digging into the red bag, she pulled out a record sleeve. There was no title on the vinyl and curiously Katniss went to her record player—the new Crosley that she had bought before giving her old one to Peeta—and placed the record on the turntable. After placing the needle on the now-spinning record, she returned to the couch and took a sip of her wine. " Cupid, draw back your bow and let your arrow go straight to my lover's heart for me…" A chuckle escaped her mouth as the Sam Cooke song played. Only Peeta would pick a song like this. " Now, I don't mean to bother you But I'm in distress There's danger of me losing all of my happiness For I love a girl who doesn't know I exist And this you can fix…" Something told her that things were going to turn out alright. This was supposed to be a one-shot. However, when I realized that the story was getting a little long, it seemed best to conclude the first part here. There will be a 2nd part and the final part will come out on…you guessed it—Valentine's Day. I hope you're enjoying it so far because it's about to get a little more interesting. Featured Songs: How Can You Mend A Broken Heart? -Al Green Our Day Will Come -Fontella Bass Cupid -Sam Cooke As always, comments and feedback are welcomed. Next, Part Two-Eleven Years Later Until then, JLaLa