of Haymitch's laughter draws my attention back to him. "Those two are very possessive." He shuffles to move me off his lap. "You should go and assure them that their big, bad mentor has not touched you." Laughing, I lean down and press a kiss to his mouth. "I don't belong to anyone. Especially not them." It's the lie I tell myself every time I dream of them. On my third night in District 12, I wake up screaming. The nightmare is always the same: the room slowly filling with water until my screams are nothing but a rush of white bubbles in front of me. This particular dream features another dead Victor—Mags. She smiles gently at me before pressing a kiss to my forehead. "Johanna…it's alright…" The tender voice cuts through the night terror. My body is drenched in cold sweat and my throat hurts from the screams that no one heard in the water. "I'm drowning…" I open my eyes and find Katniss wiping my soaked forehead. "Katniss, I drowned!" "I know," she replies, her grey eyes full of pain. "Peeta told me about your time in the Capitol. The water…the electrocution…anyone would find that horrifying. Even someone as brave as you." "I'm so tired, Katniss." Her eyes fill with tears at my words. There's a dip in the mattress behind me and Peeta's arm wraps against my front, right above my chest. "Don't let them take you away from us," he whispers in my ear. His mouth ghosts along my neck, against my hair, and I stiffen in pleasure at the sensation. My eyes go to Katniss who is suddenly inches closer. If I lean any closer, I can almost taste her once more. "You're soaked from your nightmare," Katniss says against my lips. Her hands are already unbuttoning the front of my nightgown. "Let's get this off." "This is weird," I suddenly tell her and sit up. "It's wrong." "You took care of us," Peeta interrupts as his large hand moves the thick strap of the gown off my shoulder. His mouth goes to my sweaty skin and I fall back against him. "Let us take care of you." Katniss pushes the skirt up before pulling the gown up over my head, leaving me naked before her and Peeta. My body hums in anticipation. I won't say no to either one of them at this point. "Show me." I lean back against Peeta once more. "Show me how you're going to take care of me." Katniss presses her forehead to mine, her lips brushing over mine and leaving me breathless. "I've learned a lot after our time together." She looks to Peeta. "I told him how it felt to have my fingers inside you." Katniss spreads my legs apart, the palms of her hands moving towards my soaked cunt. She finds my clit easily, pressing the pad of her thumb against it as her index and middle fingers sink inside me and my shoulders push into Peeta's heaving chest. "I think it's better that he gets to see," Katniss says. "I also told him something else." My mouth is open in a silent cry. "What?" "I told Peeta that you wanted to kiss him," she tells me. "Because you had never been kissed the way that he kissed me." I look over my shoulder and grin at the handsome golden-haired man. "She made it sound really good." Peeta laughs gruffly before his mouth moves along my lips till I'm hurting to have his lips pressed to mine. He does not disappoint. Peeta Mellark's kiss is all about control and precision, his mouth making sure to move across every piece of skin around my lips before finally kissing me. His tongue probes against my slightly open lips to allow him to brush his tongue to mine. "You helped us find our way back to each other," he tells me in-between kisses. "You were our guidepost." My eyes roll back when I feel the touch of a tongue to the inner lips of my slick sheath. I moan into Peeta's mouth, ripping my lips away just in time to see Katniss kneeling in-between my legs, her large dark eyes looking up at my hard nipples and blushing body. Peeta smiles at my noiseless pant. "I imagined the kisses between you two, over and over. This kiss was a particular one that I actually wanted to see." Katniss' nose brushes against my clit and my cry is covered by Peeta's eager kiss. That night was the first night in a long time where I was not plagued by nightmares. By dawn, we are all sated as Peeta finishes, coming inside me for the second time. There is no need to worry about a child. I have been sterile for long while, another painful Victor punishment. Snow wanted to make sure that I would never have a family. It is okay. I have them. As the sun rises, I rest my head against Katniss' abdomen, wrapped in a cool night shirt, as her hand plays with my hair. Her head lays on Peeta's shoulder as he presses gentle kisses along her temple. "Johanna, we have to tell you something," Katniss suddenly says as the morning light bathes her skin in gold. I look up at her, beautiful and serene, in all her naked glory. The glow of her skin travels throughout her full breasts and hips. Peeta gazes at her in adoration, his arm around her protectively. I've seen this look long ago. It was the same look that my father gave my mother when she was pregnant with my baby brother. The memory doesn't slice through as harshly as it had in previous times. I sit up and turn to them, an excited grin growing on my mouth. "We're having a baby." Katniss nods in joyful affirmation "We're having a baby." The tears come suddenly, escaping out along with happy sobs as a long-forgotten feeling overtakes me. Hope. FIN.