a weak smile for all of us. I steer the attention away from Katniss and look to Adam then Madge. "Do you have any questions for Haymitch and me?" I ask. "How do we get out of this?" Madge asks bluntly. I laugh in spite of the situation. "We'll speak in private about your question." I nod slightly at the Avox behind me, some of them are trustworthy but others will do anything for mercy. "How do we figure out what to do to impress the Gamemakers?" Madge looks to me. "I mean, what am I supposed to do? Knit them sweaters?" "You're fast," Katniss suddenly says. "You have good instincts and you know how to pay attention to detail. I remember when we all used to play together in school. You were the fastest runner. Also, you always knew what was happening around you. No one could trick you in school. And, knitting requires a lot of attention. What's the difference between doing that and being able to spot the distinct weave of a forcefield?" I look to our nervous male Tribute. "You're smart, Adam. You have a good memory from what you've told me. You can feed yourself in the Arena because you'll be able to identify what's edible and what's poisonous. You'll learn to heal yourself once you have a good gauge on what's around you as well." "Thanks," Madge says softly, her eyes going between Katniss and me. "I know this isn't easy for either one of you." Katniss shoots up from her seat, her face going completely grey. She's going to be sick. Quickly, Madge takes the bowl of fruit in front of her and tosses the contents out before handing it to Katniss. My wife grabs it and immediately she is throwing up into the crystalline bowl, filling it with what little she's had for breakfast and sour bile. "What's wrong with her?" Effie asks in panic. "Should I have a Capitol doctor ready when we arrive?" Haymitch turns to the Avox in the room. "Get out!" She scrambles out quickly, leaving us alone. Finally, Katniss stops retching and even when she protests, I scoop her up and bring her to the couch. The rest follow anxiously, breakfast abandoned as well as the bowl of her vomit on the table. "Here." Adam hands Katniss a glass of water with a green leaf floating atop. "Mint will help with calming your stomach." She takes the glass, sipping slowly, before giving him a smile. "Thank you." Madge grins at us. "You two have a lot of trouble ahead of you!" Her eyes go to Katniss' swell. "You're pregnant?" Effie cries out, her eyes lighting up. Katniss nods reluctantly. "Yes." "Our Victor is having a baby! Can you imagine?" Effie gushes in excitement. "Everyone will be in a frenzy! The celebrations for you two will be phenomenal and the invitations to your baby shower—" "Effie, please!" Katniss stands up from the couch and goes to our escort, her eyes desperate. "No one can know. Peeta and I are just barely wrapping our minds around the fact that we're having a child...let alone two." Effie's light eyes widen at her words. "Think, if Snow knows...the danger we'll be in. Madge and Adam are targets...Haymitch...even you." She takes my former escort's hand, placing it to the spot where our children rest. "And, especially them. I lost my sister, even Peeta for a bit. I can't lose anyone else." They look at one another, communicating silently, before Effie lets out a sigh. "I will talk to Cinna and Portia," she tells Katniss after a moment. "I'm sure they'll love thinking of creative designs for your maternity wear. The empire waist is coming back into fashion so the children will be coming at a most opportune time in Capitol fashion." Effie cups Katniss' cheek affectionately. "Dear girl...don't worry so much. We will protect you." "I don't care about what happens to me," Katniss says in a quiet voice. "I care about the babies...about our family." She looks over to me and I join her side, taking her hand. "And, I care about all of you, too." "Of course," Effie says thickly. She gives us all a trembling smile, her eyes briefly lingering on Haymitch before looking to me and Katniss. "We're a team." There is a single beep from the intercom and I look to Katniss. "We're close." "What do you mean?" she asks. As I lead her to a nearby window, Adam and Madge follow behind us. They gasp collectively at the sight and Katniss places her hand to the window ledge, leaning in to get a closer view. I can understand the awe, remembering the first time I saw the gathering of metallic high-rises against the mountainous backdrop; it doesn't seem so threatening from a distance. However like a hunter and its prey, I fear that we won't know that we are captured until we are in the middle of the trap. The Capitol. So ends chapter one. I hope you are enjoying so far. It's going to be an interesting canon-divergence and I always love playing around with this kind of genre. For all those who want to know and have asked, Prim won't be coming back in any form other than in dreams and memories. I know we all loved her, but she's really gone to a better place. Also, it's time for Katniss and Peeta to learn how to be on their own in some way and learn to work as a couple. They need to be a family because trust that Snow will try to destroy them. Adam and Madge are interesting because they are actually very strong as team. Also, they will be very popular. As for Gale and Madge...they will talk. Anyway, thank you for your support. I hope that you review, follow, favorite, and subscribe. Feedback is always welcome! Next, Chapter Two: The Mellarks and the Capitol Until the next chapter, JLaLa