the outside of her thighs and she parted herself for him as he let her panties fall to the ground. He wanted to taste her. Pulling her to the edge of her bed, he knelt on the ground, resting her thighs on his shoulders. His tongue caressed her, tasting her sweetness; he felt his cock grow harder when she began to respond to his movements inside of her. "OH FUCK!" She was unrestrained and the desperation in her voice drove him on. His mouth went to her clit and his fingers found themselves encased in her wet insides. He wanted to show her how good it was going to be once he was finally inside her. Katniss rode his fingers, desperate to come and he followed her movements, sucking on her bud as he did. "PEETA!" He felt her tighten around him and she was suddenly pulling him up to his feet. Pushing him onto the bed, she crawled towards him. "I've waited long enough," Katniss said as she straddled him, removing her bra as she did. Then without another word, she impaled herself onto his aching cock. "OH, GOD!" She felt incredible. Katniss rose again, stopping when she reached the tip of his cock before plunging down once more. His hands held her hips down and he lifted his own. Katniss cried out as she leaned down to kiss him hungrily while he pushed into her over and over. As she pushed up to ride him, he began to palm her breasts, pinching her nipples. Katniss moaned when he did and he could feel her tightening around him. "I know you're close," he said to her and she opened her eyes to look at him. "Tell me how to make you come." "Fuck me harder!" Sitting up so that their chests met, her legs instinctively wrapped around his waist and his hands pushed her ass against his groin so that they were grinding against each other. "Hold onto my neck," he instructed her. Katniss obeyed, entwining her hands behind his neck for leverage. He began to move again with his hands firmly on her pert behind as his pace roughened. "FUCK!" He began to feel the beginning of his own orgasm as he moved inside her. Desperately, they began to move unevenly against one another, each one wanting to come. She was first. "PEETA!" Inside, he felt her grip his cock and the sensation of it, along with the husky way she called his name, was enough and he was falling apart, filling her as he came. He fell back exhausted as Katniss fell against him, her head resting on his chest. "You're amazing," she said breathlessly before falling asleep against him. Her head was killing her. And what the hell was she lying on? She looked up to see herself sprawled on Peeta—the hot bartender. Katniss stared up at him for a moment; he looked cute even when he was asleep. Memories of the night before came flooding back. She propositioned him; she was the one who decided to stay at the club. She was the one who brought him home. She was the one who told him to fuck her harder. "Shit." She slapped her hand against her forehead. Oh God, he was still inside her. Slowly, Katniss moved herself off him and stepped out of the bed. The bathroom was on the opposite side of the room, so she slowly walked over and closed the door. What had she done? Quickly, she washed her face and brushed her teeth before tossing a robe on. When she opened the door, she found Peeta already dressed. "Morning," she greeted him and he gave her a smile. "Good morning." Peeta stood up and walked over to her. "I thought I'd go before I had to do the 'walk of shame' in front of your family." Katniss shook her head. "No, they know to keep to themselves." She was silent for a moment. "I don't know how this goes." "How about I just give you my number and if you ever feel like calling…." "Sure." Reaching into his jeans, he handed her a card with his number. "I'm just going to wait outside for my cab," he told her. "Let me get dressed and I'll wait with you," she replied. Tossing off the robe, Katniss grabbed a pair of leggings and an oversized grey sweater from her dresser and put them on. She turned to see Peeta's flushed face. "Sorry. I figured since you saw me naked—" "We were both pretty messed up, but I liked the morning view," Peeta replied. She grinned in spite of the situation. "Let's go." Together, they walked out of the pool house and to the side of the house where they found Gale throwing out the trash and carrying Jenna on the opposite arm. He gave them a smile. "Morning." "Morning, Gale. Morning, Jenna," Katniss greeted before taking Peeta's hand and pulling him away. Katniss could hear Jenna asking who Peeta was as they walked away. She was going to get ribbed so hard for this. They found the taxi already there and she bit her lip when they reached the curb. She actually kind of liked him—the parts she knew anyway. It would go nowhere. "It was really nice meeting you, Peeta…" "Mellark. My last name is Mellark," he told her. "And yours?" "Everdeen." "Pretty," Peeta said and kissed her cheek. "It was nice meeting you, Katniss Everdeen." Then he was gone. She turned around and found Johanna, Gale and Prim waiting for her in the front yard, each sporting identical smirks. "Fuck." So ends Part One. Hate it? Love it? Let me know because feedback is appreciated. Jenna is for Jena Malone, who will be playing Johanna in the movies, but I prefer to use the double N so there isn't too much of a mix up. Songs: "She-Wolf (Falling to Pieces)"-David Guetta featuring Sia "Paper Planes"-M.I.A. Next-Part Two: Eight Weeks -JLaLa