taciturn lately. I don't know what to make of it." "Old person moodiness, I suppose." He went to her and kissed her forehead. "I'll be back." "Okay." Delly nodded, smiling gently. "See you later." Peeta walked out of the room, trying to keep himself from faltering. Slowly, he descended the stairs and out the front door. Because it was summer, the sun had just set on their suburban neighborhood. It was silent except for the sounds of cricket chirps and some neighbor's lawn being watered. Was he really doing this? A strange calm had fallen over District 12, as if he was the only resident of this grey town. His footsteps echoed loudly on the gravel and he shuffled along looking at each and every building as he entered the main part of town. His eyes went to the Everdeen Diner and he let out an anxious breath before walking past it and into edge of the forest. It was a quarter to ten when he reached their spot. Katniss was there waiting for him wearing a pretty floral dress and a jean jacket, a single suitcase by her side. She smiled at him before her eyes went to his empty hands. "You pack light." Peeta sighed, shaking his head. "You know that we can't do this." "Why?" Katniss rushed up to him, stopping just barely before their chests could meet. She looked up at him, her eyes questioning. "I thought that you wanted to get out of here…I thought you wanted more." His heart stopped seeing her eyes begin to water. "I thought—" His hands went to her shoulders to steady her. "I do." He ached for Katniss. His stomach was at knots at the sight of her, and her laugh—so many times, Peeta wanted to pull her close at the sound. Even now, the sight of her tears made him want to press his lips to her cheeks. Then Peeta thought of the repercussions—of how much she'd lose out on if they were together. "But you can't have me hanging around you," Peeta finished. "Not when you have the world to take over." She wiped her eyes against the sleeve of her jacket. "Why can't we do it together?" "We have a connection that can't be denied, but there are some lines that just can't be crossed." God, did he want to. He knew that if they crossed that line, there was no turning back. "Teacher, mentor…friend." Katniss smiled wryly, her mouth twisting at the last label. "We could be so much more if you came with me." "You need to find your own way." Peeta lifted her trembling chin. "I know it's scary, but the world is going to love you, Katniss Everdeen. It's going to love you so much." "And, you don't love me," she said despondently. "I get it." "That's almost exactly the opposite of what I meant." His own eyes watered. "I'm in so deep, Katniss, that I'm not sure how I'll get out once you're gone. I do know, however, that this is the best for you and that fact alone will help me find my way." "I have to go," she told him, attempting a brave smile. "My bus is going to leave without me." Nodding, Peeta pulled her close, embracing her gently, and slipping the slim card with Cashmere's number into her jean pocket. He had looked her up and discovered that she was living in Brooklyn with her partner. His friend agreed to house Katniss for as long as she needed. "Close your eyes, Peeta," Katniss whispered against him. "Close them tight." He did as she requested, his breath shaky and his heart akimbo. Soft lips pressed to the corner of his mouth, gentle and sure. Once Peeta opened his eyes, she was gone. Ten Years Later… "What's your name, sweetheart?" The freckled teenager beamed at Katniss before replying, "Emily." Quickly, she scribbled a message to sweet Emily, who reminded her a lot of Prim. Her sister was currently in the Bay Area, working as a consultant for a fashion website. She would be joining Katniss in Manhattan in about two weeks for Christmas. Emily held the signed book to her chest. "Miss Everdeen, may I ask you a question?" Katniss sat back in her chair. "Of course." The teenager blushed. "The Teacher—is he real?" Sitting back, Katniss smiled. "Yes. He is very real." Johanna Mason, her agent, stepped in after Katniss and Emily took a photo together. "You have the Q & A in five minutes," she informed Katniss. "Sign your last book and let's get you set up at the podium." Katniss nodded tiredly and with a wink, Johanna dashed off to speak to the owner of the small bookstore. The open cover of her book was placed in front of her. "You know I was going to ask the same question as Emily." Katniss glanced at the hand, holding the book open—worn, strong, long fingers—no ring, but she could see the fading of a tan line where one once was. "Beat me to the punch, I guess." "Teenagers. They're quite keen on romance," she remarked before looking up. "What—" Peeta Mellark stood before her—worn, strong, and long, just like his hands. "Hello, Katniss." She was already rounding the table, her arms wrapping around his neck. He stiffened before falling into her touch, his arms going around her waist. Katniss pressed her lips to the barest bit of his skin along his collar. "Hello, Mr. Mellark." They pulled apart and he raised her chin with his finger, winking at her. "Peeta." And, she shivered—damn, did she still shivered for him. "Hello, Peeta." Would you be interested in more? Feedback would be awesome. Characters mentioned: Bridget Jones (Bridget Jones Diary), The Ghost of Christmas Past (A Christmas Carol), Sydney Carton (A Tale of Two Cities), Tita De La Garza (Like Water For Chocolate) Song: Can't Help Falling in Love-Haley Reinhart (Original performed by Elvis Presley) Until Part Two, JLaLa