I said." I nod. "Don't let them kill you." "He won't die," General Abernathy says to him quietly. "Go to sleep, kid." I catch the hitch in his voice. "Yes, Sir." His eyes close and his body stills. It's the first time I've seen anyone die in front of me. Jack was about to die, and the other bodies I have seen were already long gone. It is different when you see the breath actually leave someone's body. We take for granted the way our bodies function; how it is a miracle that every day your body inhales and exhales to keep you going. "Oh God, he's gone." I begin to sob. How the world has changed in just a single shot. How I've changed. "Peeta! Get it together, boy," the General hisses to me as he looks around. "We only have one chance at this." "At what?" "Follow my instructions," he tells me. "When I tell you to run, you run." "What?" "Run that way." He nods towards the woods to my right. "Keep running for about a mile. Help will come." "I don't understand," I tell him. "I promised him," he tells me and looks at Rizal. "Do you think you can run while holding him?" "I don't know, but I'll try." "Give him a proper burial. He deserves it." As we walk, General Abernathy helps me so that I'm cradling Rizal's body on my own. "You okay?" I nod, though my pace has definitely slowed. He lets out a low whistle and a group of men circle us. I look towards to my right to where I'm supposed to run. The soldier next to me looks at me wearily. His grey eyes are the same shade as Katniss'. He nods at me and looks at the body in my arms. "Good luck, Soldier," he tells me in a low, raspy voice. General Abernathy looks around, then at me. "Run." Switching places with the grey eyed soldier, I rush towards the woods. Rizal's body suddenly seems weightless as I run. " Peeta." She's calling for me. " Peeta." I run towards her voice. April 1946 Long Creek, South Carolina "Peeta." White sheets blow in the wind. I watch from my hiding place as I move to hide when I see her approaching me. I stand in front of another sheet and wait. "Peeta." Katniss lifts the sheet and finds herself face to face with me. Her eyes widen and she grins. As the wind blows around us, tendrils of her dark hair fly across her face. I bring my hand up and tuck the wayward strands behind her ear. I look into her grey eyes and feel my heart race. "Why are you looking at me like that?" she asks and her hand reaches behind my neck. My arm encircles her waist and I pull her close to me. "I will always look at you like this," I reply as my forehead rests against hers. "Okay," she replies with a grin and raised eyebrows. When we finish hanging the laundry, we settle on the back porch. Her head is on my lap and the undersides of her knees are touching the armrest of the bench we sit on. We look out at the white sheets blowing in the wind and the field in front of us. "Were you scared?" she asks. "When?" "When you ran." I close my eyes and find myself back in the jungle in Guagua. Rizal's body has been safely buried. One day, I will return and look for his grave. In the back of my mind, I know I won't find it. I don't think he would have wanted me to find a way to mourn him. "Sometimes," I tell her. "I was afraid I wouldn't find my way back to you." "What did you do when you were afraid?" she asks as she covers the hand I'm resting on her abdomen with her own. "I'd sing. During the night, I'd count the stars or I'd pray," I say. The morning after I escaped, I opened my eyes to find the friendly green eyes of a Captain Odair. He had been expecting General Abernathy, but took me in. I joined him and a group of Filipino guerillas to fight for three months before I was taken to Manila to recover from an infection in my left leg. To this day, I still walk with a limp. "What did you pray for?" she asks. "I prayed for Rizal. I prayed for General Abernathy." Once in Manila, I found out that he had been killed shortly after my escape because he refused to bury another soldier alive. "Most of all, I prayed for you and that I'd find my way back to you." She sucks in a breath and a tear falls from the side of her eye. "Why me?" "Because I followed your voice to safety." "I was so worried," Katniss says, her voice low. "When Prim wrote and told me that they had lost contact with you—I just thought the worst." While I was in the jungle, she was stationed in New Caledonia. It was safer, but she often felt frustrated not being close enough to the combat areas. She was waiting for me as I limped off the plane in New York, six months after I had been sent to Manila. We came home together. Katniss closes her eyes and I lean down to kiss her eyelids. "Katniss?" "Hmm?" "Marry me." She opens her eyes and I know her answer. Reaching up, she cups my cheek. "Why?" "Because I came home for you. When I close my eyes at night, your face is behind them and the only reason I wake up every morning is because I can hear you call my name." She looks up at me for a moment and then sits up. Turning to me, Katniss traces my lips with her own. Pulling away, she gives her answer. "Yes." FIN