going—" He almost fell apart against the doorway seeing Johanna, legs splayed in front of Mrs. Everdeen. "Peeta, get the fuck out!" Johanna burst out. "Might want to keep it down. The kids are downstairs, you know," Peeta responded quickly. "Are you kidding me?" She looked to Katniss as a particular painful contraction happened. "I swear that I'll kill him right now!" Katniss looked frostily at her husband. She finally admitted their marital status to Johanna, just a few weeks ago. "Not if I do first," Katniss assured her before looking to the man currently paling against the doorway. "Please go downstairs and check on the kids. We'll talk later." Peeta disappeared with a quick shut of the door. "Is it over yet?" Johanna asked miserably. "I mean, how long has it been?" "A few hours, give or take," Mrs. Everdeen informed her. "It's going to be one more big push and I think we're going to get the head out." "You hear that?" Haymitch told her. "One more, just one more." "Everything is going to change…" Johanna looked over to him, tears of pain and exhaustion glistening on her face, as she bore down. "I don't know how to do this! I have no patience and can barely stand kids. Except maybe Willow and Rye…Rowan, too. But, Annie says that he's getting into those weird teenage years. I don't think I can deal with a teenager." "Johanna." His gaze remained on her. "You're thinking too far ahead. Neither of us is going to know what happens until you push her out." Haymitch took a slow breath. "When she's here, we'll figure it out. We always do. We always will." "You said 'we'," she croaked out. "I did." Haymitch nodded in agreement, giving her an encouraging smile "Do you think that you're ready to get her out?" "Yes." Katniss helped her sit up before she settled back against Haymitch's chest. Her friend joined Mrs. Everdeen at the edge of the bed. "What does it look like down there?" Katniss tilted her head in examination. "Like a clam with dark hair." "That sounds horrendous," Johanna responded. Her head pressed against Haymitch's shoulder as she felt the next tide of pain rising. Closing her eyes, she concentrated on the solid thought of making the pain going away. And, it happened so quickly—the feeling of something sliding out before a shrill cry filled the room. "She's here," Haymitch announced thickly. "I'm afraid of opening my eyes." "Why?" he asked. "Because when I open them, everything will be different." "Just open them," Haymitch encouraged her. "Nothing bad is going to happen, not while I'm here." So Johanna did. Her eyes were as dark as night, her skin as rich and olive as her father's, and her hair was a thick ink. She was perfect. Katniss cooed at the baby before placing her in Johanna's arms. "You made that." "I helped," Haymitch added indignantly. "Yeah…yeah." Katniss grinned at her former mentor. "She definitely has your frown." The baby's rose lips pursed at Johanna. "So you're the one who's been kicking me," she said softly. "If you weren't so cute and I wasn't tired as hell, I'd probably be pissed." The rainy day had cleared, bits of sunshine filtering through the gauzy curtains and warming the room. "I think you like her," Haymitch remarked, his eyes on the baby in her arms. Tentatively, his hand reached to touch the girl's round cheek and he laughed softly when a small smile rose, plumping her face even more. Johanna closed her eyes, exhaustion finally taking over her as she accepted the lull of slumber. "I think I might love her." "She is small," Willow whispered so not to wake the baby in Haymitch's arms. "You were once this small, sweetheart," Haymitch told her affectionately. "She's depending on you to teach her the ways of District 12." "I'll do a good job," the little girl responded, her blue eyes solemn as she accepted her duty. "I promise." "I'm real sorry about walking in on you," Peeta told Johanna from the foot of the bed. "I feel sorrier for you," Johanna told him as Rye crawled over to her to look at the baby. "You had a full-frontal view." "Well, that will teach him to enter rooms without thinking," Katniss said to her friend, sitting on Peeta's lap. "My mom is talking to Rowan and Annie right now, telling them to come visit." "What's her name?" Rye asked, his eyes on the baby as his small fingers moved over her dark hair in curiosity. Johanna turned to Haymitch. "Any thoughts?" "Nope. I'm still reeling over the fact that she's currently snoring against me." Willow looked to Johanna, her smile bright. "The rain stopped when she came—like you said." She went to Johanna, blue eyes looking very worldly. "And, it was pretty! Daddy let us stand out on the porch to look at the rays through the clouds. Then, we could hear her crying." It came to Johanna suddenly. "Rae." Haymitch's eyes met her and he nodded in understanding. "Rae." "But, her last name will be Mason-Abernathy," she said. "That's a little complicated for a kid, don't you think?" Katniss stood up. "I think this is our cue to leave." Peeta joined her. "Come on, little ones. Haymitch and Johanna are about to have their first fight in front of Rae." Willow and Rye rushed over to their parents and the Mellarks left the room, closing the door behind them. "Abernathy is fine," Johanna told him. "Actually, Rae Abernathy sounds perfect." Haymitch pressed a kiss to her forehead. "Fight over." "Can I stay?" He turned to her once more, grey eyes tired but full. "I thought that was the plan." Johanna rested back against the cool pillows. "Okay." Haymitch adjusted Rae's yellow bundling, his eyes hidden. "Maybe you might think of adding Abernathy to your name…one day." She took a solid breath before looking to Rae and then Haymitch. "Okay." FIN.