to be Peeta's best man." "I still have my dress," Madge added as she placed the pancakes on a plate. "What do you think?" Peeta asked her, his blue eyes hopeful. She liked seeing that in his eyes—hope. "I think that you should tell them that we'll meet them at City Hall at noon then join me in the shower," Katniss responded before placing a gentle kiss on his lips. She went back upstairs, letting out a laugh as Peeta demanded that the Hawthornes leave the house. Panem High's gym was filled with Peeta's old classmates and he grinned seeing the pictures hanging along the walls, each one bringing back joyful memories of his senior year. He turned to Katniss who looked around in awe. She never had a high school reunion as most of her schooling had been done by correspondence. "How are you doing, Mrs. Mellark?" he asked as he lifted her hand to kiss the top of it. The class ring looked huge on her long finger but she had burst into tears when he slipped it back on her finger during their ceremony. He would be returning her Tiffany's set to find something that was more her when they got back home. "I'm great," she told him. "I can barely remember how my high school looked. I had to leave halfway through my freshman year." "Don't worry, Katniss," Gale said as he joined her and Peeta along with Madge. "I have more than enough stories to tell you about high school…and about Peeta." "Don't make me change my mind about letting you be my Best Man," Peeta retorted. "Please…I can tell you stories about this whole class that will make you cringe," Madge said. "Peeta! Gale!" Finnick rushed over to them, breathless but striking in his black suit. "You'll never guess who's here!" Peeta bit back a smile at Finnick's excitement. "Who?" "Thresh! His wife had the baby—a son, by the way, and then she shooed him back here for the reunion," Finnick told them with a smile. "You know what that means." Peeta and Gale turned to their wives eagerly. "Can we?" Peeta asked. "Please?" Gale added. "You two look like the most pathetic puppies I've ever seen," Katniss told them, a smile on her red lips. "I don't know what you're doing but just go!" Peeta and Gale each gave their wives a kiss before rushing away with Finnick. "What did I just allow them to do?" she asked Madge as they walked into the gym. They spotted Annie and waved before walking towards her. "Did Peeta ever tell you about our varsity talent show?" Madge asked her and Katniss shook her head. "All the varsity teams had to do some sort of performance and well…" As they reached Annie, the lights of the gym dimmed as music filled the large gymnasium. Katniss looked at the stage in front of her where Peeta, Gale, Finnick and a dark-skinned man who she assumed was Thresh moved in a choreographed dance. They all did a synchronized twirl and the class erupted in cheers seeing the foursome back together. All of them were in their football uniforms. Her husband stood in the middle, mic in his hand and as their eyes met, he blew her a kiss. " You're sweet as a honeybee…but like a honeybee stings…you've gone and left my heart in pain…" Ten Months Later… "Peeta, our daughter is so cute that I think I might just throw up," Katniss said as she wiped the bit of drool from the corner of Ivy's chin. "I mean these cheeks and her hair...I hope her eyes stay blue." "You weren't saying that two days ago," Peeta responded with a chuckle. "I mean you fractured my hand." "I can't be held accountable for what I did while in labor," she retorted. Her eyes met his through the rearview mirror. "Are you really mad?" "Not at all," he told her. "It's a good thing that it wasn't my drawing hand." "Yes, it's also fortunate that you own the firm," Katniss responded with a smile. Things had changed since they returned home from the reunion. Peeta had decided to approach his firm with his own designs. When Plutarch didn't feel the need to take any of them into account despite their quality and innovative styles, he decided to leave. Three months later, Peeta had opened his own firm—in Panem. Beetee had been his consultant and when the man retired, he recommended an up and coming business manager to help Peeta. Johanna Mason had found Peeta a good office space and helped hire interns to get his team going. She and Katniss had a similar business mindset so the two got along well. He had to slow down once Katniss confirmed that she was pregnant. She had an inkling once they returned home, due to their impromptu game of 'Cheerleader and Football Player' after the reunion, that she was pregnant. Peeta came home one night to ten pregnancy tests lined up on their bathroom counter—all of them were positive. "It means that I get to spend more time with you and Ivy," he responded as they pulled up to the driveway of their house. The dream house that had been Peeta's first design was his six-month anniversary present to her. Since there was plenty of space in Panem, Madge, who was a realtor, found the lot close to the main street for Peeta to begin construction. The four-bedroom colonial house with green window shutters for their growing family. Peeta could almost see Ivy running around the large lawn in front of it. Carefully, Katniss unstrapped the baby seat before handing it carefully to Peeta and then stepping out. "You alright?" Peeta asked as he put an arm around her, his functional hand holding Ivy's carrier. She looked up in the house before giving him a smile. "I'm just happy to be home." FIN. *"Same Old Song" sung by the Four Tops