tea cup. "I just had no one else to come here with like he said." Her eyes went to the liquid in front of her. "I bet you didn't think that you'd be stuck with someone like me this weekend." "True," he responded bluntly. "But, we're stuck with each other. So what are we going to do about it?" "I'm going to go home and dive head-first into some Ben and Jerry's—" Katniss informed him. "—while you continue living your billionaire life and forget about the pathetic office girl that you rescued." "Or, we can get some revenge," Peeta suggested, a wicked glint in his eye. Katniss looked at him in bewilderment. "What?" "Your girlfriend is very lovely, Mr. Mellark," the saleswoman said as they stood outside the dressing room of the resort's sole clothing shop. "A diamond in the rough." "Did she resist your choices?" Peeta asked in an amused voice. It had been Katniss' mode of rebellion—first at the salon, then the Manolo Blahnik boutique, and now at the dress shop that he was waiting in. "About every one of them," the woman responded with a slight smirk. "Until she found this dress—" "Peeta?" His eyes went to the vision in front of him. Katniss stood in a sleek emerald-green gown along with silver sandals on her tiny feet. Her dark hair fell in elegant waves onto her bare shoulders and her face was simply made-up to only accentuate her pretty features, sans her glasses. "Do I look like a total tool?" she asked. Peeta shook his head, a proud grin on his face. "No…" He lifted her chin. "Just remember that no one can make you feel bad unless you allow them to. Hold your head up, Katniss. You are a strong woman and tonight, my dinner date." "How did you know that Marvel would be there?" They sat in front of the resort's crystalline steps. Carefully, Katniss slipped her very expensive heels off to stretch her toes out. "Simple. I had him tracked," Peeta said as he sat back. "My men told me exactly where he was squiring his girl. However, it's safe to say that he's really regretting letting you go now." Katniss laughed. "Doesn't matter anyway." She reached into her small purse and pulled out her glasses to put them back on. "Tomorrow, I'm heading back to reality. It really isn't all that bad. Truthfully, I like who I am." Peeta gave her solemn nod. "You should." He sighed to himself. "I'll be heading back home...single once more." "Sorry about your girlfriend," she responded sympathetically. "I think that things will work out. You have the money to fly over to New York. You two can make it work." "I guess," Peeta said. "The thing is…Madge knows that and still dumped me. So I know that this has nothing to do with distance and all to do with us." Katniss gave him a smile. "At least you helped a nobody get sweet revenge on her supposed beau. The look on his face when Marvel saw me walk in—I can see how spite would work for me." "Don't become me," Peeta told her. "I'm not all good." The woman stared at him for a moment. She suddenly reached into her bag and met his eyes. "I think you are." Katniss held out the small circular object to him. "My grandmother gave this to me. It's a Mockingjay pin. She told me that it would bring me luck." She flipped the pin over, revealing the bird, wings spread along the pin to him before placing it in his palm. "You see, I don't believe that there's really luck in it. I do believe that there's hope, all the hopes that my grandmother had for me. Now it has all the hopes I have for you—live a love-filled life, Peeta." His limo pulled up and Peeta stood up with the pin in his hand. "Thank you." Katniss smiled at him and his breath caught seeing how it lit up her heart-shaped face. "You're welcome." Two Months Later… "Why is everyone freaking out?" Katniss asked Delly as she sat down at her desk next to her friend. "The big boss is coming," Delly responded. "How are you feeling?" "Better. Can't seem to shake off this stomach bug though," she responded before reaching into her desk to grab some more Tums. "We both seem to be having a sick day," Delly informed her. "Aunt Flo has come to town and she brought my cousins, Bloaty and Bitchy. Do you have any feminine products?" "Bottom drawer," Katniss replied as she logged back onto her computer. Delly rummaged through her friend's drawer before jumping from her chair. "I'll be right back. Have to freshen up before Peeta Mellark arrives!" Katniss froze at the name, her stomach clenching. It had been two months since she heard that name…two months since she woke up to said man spooning her naked body. And, two months since her period. A cold rush ran through her body at her sudden realization. Had it really been two months? She quickly reached into her purse and pulled out her planner to look for her most recent period date mark. There was none. Crap. She was having Peeta Mellark's baby. To be continued… To my detriment, I have started another story. This was actually a story written for Fandom4LLS. Thank you if you were one of the people who donated to such a great cause! I ask that you be patient. I'm hoping to have the next chapter out next week but keep in mind that I'm juggling this story, North Star, and This I Promise You. Plus, I work and real-life stuff. Feedback would be awesome if you have the time—a favorite, follow, or subscribe are also great! Next, Part Two: Katniss and Peeta have a fateful office run-in, we meet the Everdeens and Uncle Haymitch, and a photo threatens to expose our favorite CEO. Until Part Two, JLaLa