a bouquet of wildflowers-an apology for what he had done. Why was he sorry? Better yet, why was she crying? Year Three There was still no baby. Hazelle's wish for a grandchild had gone unfulfilled. It didn't help matters when Madge gave birth to a beautiful, golden-haired boy named Cole, who inherited her sweet smile and her husband's green eyes. The town looked at their beautiful baby then they turned to Katniss waiting in expectation for a little version of her or Gale. Her first time had left her jaded when it came to the concept of lovemaking. Gale had come home later that day to find her still in bed, her body aching from his intrusion. He went to her immediately, lifting and bringing her to the tub so that he could clean her up. He murmured his apologies in her ear over and over as she struggled to not show him her pain. However by the time the warm water hit her pelvis and she cried out, they were both in tears. Gale had started working in the mines at the beginning of their third year. They wanted to make improvements on their home so the extra cash helped. Katniss used her new bow in the mornings to hunt while he was gone. The feeling of the quiet forest helped calm her nerves. She wasn't so daisy-fresh anymore. There was something bitter growing inside her. Was this how it felt to grow up? Everything looked unclean, including herself. Katniss could barely look at herself anymore. She couldn't recognize the grey eyes staring back at her. Her husband had become very attentive, more affectionate even- but it seemed too late. Sure, she would smile when they were among their family and she would give him a kiss on the cheek here and there. However, when they were home and they lay in their bed—she no longer reached for him. Summer came and their home became a furnace. She couldn't sleep so she stayed up listening to Gale's steady breathing intermingling with the sound of crickets outside their window. One night, just as she was about to close her eyes, Katniss heard him shift to look over at her. Instinctively, she shut her eyes and waited for him to reach over for her. Instead, she heard him sit up slowly and her ears heard the sounds of him dressing quietly followed by his steady, quiet footsteps as he walked out of their bedroom. Both she and Gale were light steppers because they were hunters. They also shared the same keen sense of hearing. Katniss listened to him leave their house and she could hear his steps from their open window heading upwards. He was going over the fence and into the forest. Katniss ran to their closet and threw on the olive jacket that Gale had bought her two weeks ago. It was a replacement since she had outgrown her old one. She gave her old jacket to Prim, though it looked like her sister might outgrow it soon. Taking her boots, she slipped her feet into them and rushed out of their bedroom. Their sitting area and kitchen was dark except for the small sliver of light coming from the crescent moon outside. Opening the door, she walked out onto the porch and made her way around the perimeter of their house following their trail. She knew it by heart and found herself walking it easily even in the darkness. Her steps were light as she stepped under the broken wired fence. Katniss listened for his footsteps as she roamed further into the woods. It always seemed like time stopped outside the border. Katniss didn't know how long she had been walking when she heard a sound to her left. Quietly, she walked as she tried to steady her breathing—if it was an animal; there was a chance of her getting attacked. Weaving her way through the trees, she stopped when she heard a branch crack under someone's foot. It was Gale. He was usually so careful to not step on branches because the sound would scare off prey. However, her husband was too distracted to notice that he had made a fatal hunting mistake. He was pressed against the trunk of a tree, his hands grasping the short golden hair of the man he was kissing. The air was knocked out of her and she stepped back, as quietly as she could, trying to stop herself from gasping for breath. Her legs were quaking under her and she suddenly turned to run, not caring if anyone heard her. The cold rush of air hit her face and Katniss picked up speed letting her strong legs pull her away from the image she had seen. He had betrayed her. Katniss cried out at the thought and she pumped her legs harder as she let the wind hit her wet face. She closed her eyes for a moment, trying to push everything out of her mind when she slammed into something. No, someone. Opening her eyes, she found her face pressed into a strong chest. Looking up, her grey eyes met the glowing blues of Peeta Mellark, the baker's youngest son. So this is kind of a new thing that I'm trying. I never really dabbled in the actual Panem universe but this idea came to me during one of my favorite shows and I just couldn't let it go. I started writing this around the middle of December and told myself that I wanted to finish the whole thing by the beginning of 2014. I made this my last goal for the year. So celebrate—because this fic is actually completed. Yay! I know that it's turning out slightly off kilter and it will continue to be this way. I loved writing this story and I hope you enjoy it as we go along. Feedback, reviews, and hollas are always welcome on AO3, FF, and Tumblr. Thanks for reading, JLaLa