move away—instead, she watched his thumb move over the small piece he held. Somehow, feeling the softness of it soothed him. In the far reaches of his mind, Peeta had often wondered how soft her hair was. "Will you teach me how to do this?" His cheeks warmed as the question tumbled from his mouth. "For when Joy is older?" Katniss stared at him for a moment before wordlessly pulling the elastic band from her hair. "Sit," she said to him and he followed as she sat on the ground of the hospital roof. She turned to him and he marveled at how pretty she looked with her dark hair down, framing her face. "You'll need to learn this before the sun goes down and we lose the light—so, listen carefully." Peeta listened diligently to Katniss' instructions, his hand weaving through her soft hair, and he imagined one day braiding his daughter's sunshine locks as the sun went down in front of them. It had been a long week for her. Katniss was grateful to have the next few days off. She was in desperate need of sleep. She looked into the nursery and her eyes suddenly zeroed in on the empty crib where Joy once lay—something inside her ached at the thought that the little girl would never remember her. "Nurse Everdeen?" She looked up from the chart she was completing to see Haymitch in front of her. He had come back right on time to meet Joy before she went home. She could've sworn that there were tears in his eyes as he held the tiny golden-haired girl. Joy had that effect on everyone. "You okay?" he asked carefully. Katniss was sure that Johanna had spoken to him about Peeta. "I'm perfect," she replied as she closed the chart. Katniss met his eyes and smiled. "Ready to take a break, that's all." "I was wondering if you could do me a favor," Haymitch suddenly said. He placed a folded yellow blanket in front of her. "Madge found this in the NICU nursery—it needs to be returned to the owner." "Why don't you just mail it?" she asked. "It's on your way to the house," he told her. "It will be a quick drop off." "Haymitch— " Katniss took the blanket from him. "Why are you so insistent?" She unfolded it and stopped at the embroidered name in the corner: Joy . Her friend slid a piece of paper across the desk to her. "Their address." Haymitch met her eyes. "If you don't tell—I won't." "Katniss?" Peeta stepped out onto the front porch where she stood. "What are you doing here?" Katniss held out the blanket to him, her cheeks flaming as he took it from her. "You left this in the NICU—and I know how much Joy liked sleeping in it. She loved being bundled in this." She met his eyes in the evening light. "How is she?" He grinned. "She's perfect. And I'm tired—but I'm happy." "That's great," she said to him. "I knew you were going to do just fine." They went silent. "I should go," Katniss told him abruptly. "It was nice seeing you, Peeta." She turned, stepping off his porch, and began the walk to her car. "Hey, Katniss!" She turned to see Peeta in front of her, his eyes—Joy's eyes—glowing under the light of the moon. "I know you said that we couldn't be friends in the hospital—but, we're not at the hospital anymore." He looked at her hopefully. "Do you think we could be friends now?" Katniss felt the grin grow on her face and she nodded. "I think we could do that." He beamed at her. "Did you want to come in for a cup of coffee? We'll have a good half-hour before Joy wakes up." "Sure—as long as you let me tuck her in." One Year Later " Goodnight stars Goodnight air Goodnight noises everywhere…" Peeta stopped in the doorway, watching as Katniss and Joy sat with their backs to him on the soft cream carpet of his daughter's nursery. Joy touched the pages of the book open in front of her and Katniss. He watched as Katniss placed a kiss on top of Joy's short, golden hair. "I can't believe you're one," Katniss said to his daughter. "You've grown up so fast, sweetheart." Joy gurgled happily and he watched his daughter's hand reach for her dark braid—she loved playing with Katniss' hair. "I love you, Joy. Do you love me?" Joy turned and simply patted her face, her pink lips widening in a toothy smile. "Good enough for me," Katniss said with a grin. Sweet blue eyes looked up at her. "Mama?" The melodious call made his heart jump. Her voice was so light and full of innocence—so much like his late wife's, who he missed every day. But that pain lessened as he watched his daughter grow in front of him. Peeta never really lost Joy; he saw her in their daughter. He saw pieces of himself in her, too. And, he even saw bits of the woman sitting with his daughter. The woman who loved Joy like her own—and the woman who had slowly woven her way into his heart. "Oh no, sweetheart— " He heard Katniss say. He could hear the heartbreak in her voice. "I'm not—" "No— " Peeta suddenly entered the room and sat next to her. Lifting Katniss' chin with his finger, he kissed her softly and looked into her eyes. "Joy can call you Mama—if you want her to." She stared up at him for a moment, her mouth lifting into a blissful smile. "Yes." Their lips met once more and when they pulled away, both of their faces were wet with tears. Katniss cleared her choked throat before lifting their daughter onto her lap. "Yes, Joy. I'm your Mama." FIN * "I Want to Hold Your Hand" is sung by The Beatles " Goodnight Moon" is written by Margaret Wise Brown