love you- before it's too late…" The song ends. We're all silent for a moment—everyone lost in their own thoughts. My own are both, like in the song, high and low. I am happy for what I have and at the same time desperately sad because she isn't there with me. Am I doing a good job, darling? I just need a sign. "Oh God—" Katniss sits up suddenly and then looks over at Peeta. "My water broke." Suddenly there is a lot of screaming, and none of it is coming from Katniss. I move the guitar off of me and stand up. "EVERYONE SHUT UP!" My family goes silent. "Cato, get the car," I instruct. "Peeta and Prim, help Katniss up and bring her out to the driveway. Carrie—call her doctor and let them know that we're heading over. Wheaton, let Rogelio know that the kids will be staying over for the night." The sleeping children begin to wake up, so I turn to Rye and Marvel. "Get them some warm milk and something to eat." They both nod and go upstairs. Everyone rushes off and I look up with a grin. "That was one hell of a sign, darling." FIN. I hope you enjoyed this snippet of life with the Mellarks! Happy 'Catching Fire' Day! Notes: Daly City is a small town next to San Francisco (from where I live in SF, the border is five minutes away); it is also surrounded by South San Francisco, Brisbane, and Colma. It is also my hometown. About a little over half of the population is Asian, with about 30 percent of that being Filipinos. So yes, it really is a Filipino-centric city. Our sister city is Quezon City, Philippines. The particular neighborhood in this one-shot, Hillside, is actually closer to Colma, which is a cemetery town. The weather is usually overcast and foggy in Daly City, except for sometimes in October. Mayes Oyster House is restaurant located in the Tenderloin district in San Francisco. At night, it becomes a club, so yes—it was a very drunken engagement party for Prim and Cato. A lot of the party references are from the parties that my family threw in Daly City and Pittsburg, a city east of the San Francisco Bay, where my Auntie also had a house. So yes-we did have mahjong tables in the garage in Pittsburg. My family did build a fire pit in our house to make lechon. Yes, there was a lot of karaoke. Also, we did have a 'kids room'—usually the biggest bedroom—where the little ones would play games like 'hide and go seek in the dark', then we would watch Rugrats or some other Nickelodeon cartoon. Rogelio refers to his wife, Viv—short for Vivian. Rhea's full name is actually Rhea Vivian, named for both of her grandmothers—this was mentioned in 'Two Wrongs'. Some terms: 'Filipino Time', which I also referred to in 'Two Wrongs', is arriving later than the arranged time for events, parties, etc. 'Anak' is a term for 'child'. I know Lorna refers to Katniss as 'Anak' (though she is clearly not one) but it is an affectionate term. My mother still calls me 'anak' even though I'm almost 30. LOL. 'Tita' and 'Tito' are the Tagalog terms for Aunt and Uncle. 'Lolo' is the Tagalog term for grandfather. Okay, let's talk about food. 'Kare-Kare'- a stew made with ox-tail, sometimes it can also be made with beef or seafood. Tripe is usually put in it and isn't considered healthy for pregnant women or anyone, really. There is also eggplant and Chinese cabbage, as well other vegetables, dependent on whoever the maker is. The most distinctive part of this stew is that the base is peanut butter and flavored with bagoong (shrimp paste). Some people love Kare-Kare like me, some people don't—it's an acquired taste. 'Lumpia'- a deep fried egg roll with either ground meat or vegetables, sometimes both. 'Lumpia Shanghai' in particular is made from ground pork or beef with minced vegetables. I wanted to make sure that this one was featured because there are about four or five different variations of lumpia. 'Pancit' – a noodle dish made with mixture of meats, noodles, and vegetables. 'Pancit bihon' uses thin rice noodles and is flavored with lemon as well as patis (fish sauce). The variations are dependent on the noodles or sauce. 'Embutido'-a Filipino style meatloaf usually made with ground pork along with peppers, carrots, hard-boiled eggs and raisins. It is really dependent on the cook's recipe on what they keep and omit from it. 'Kaldereta'- a stew that is tomato based and usually uses goat meat. My dad makes a great goat meat version of Kaldereta. However, you can use beef, pork or any other meat. Potatoes and bell peppers are used, though my family puts garbanzo beans and peas in ours. 'Sisig'-a meat or fish dish using vinegar or lemon juice, then seasoned. It is broiled and then fried or grilled with onions and jalapenos. You can order sisig at restaurants on a sizzling dish and they sometimes they put an egg on top for you to mix into the meat. 'Suman'-a rice cake wrapped in a banana leaf. Glutinous rice is mixed with coconut milk and topped with sugar, then wrapped. San Miguel Beer is the largest beer producer in the Philippines. The brewery was founded in the Philippines in 1890. Songs: "September" -Earth, Wind, and Fire "My Way" -Frank Sinatra "Are You Lonesome Tonight?" –Elvis Presley "Nightswimming" -R.E.M. "Desperado" -The Eagles These songs are connected to special men in my life including uncles, guy friends, past boyfriends, and my husband. The last song, "Desperado", is my Dad's favorite song. And yes, new babies for everyone except for Prim—for now. What can I say? That was one hell of a camping trip the Mellarks had! Feedback is always welcome, reviews are love, and simple hellos through PM or through Tumblr are always appreciated. Thanks for reading, my lovelies. -JLaLa