take care of Katniss. I think in some way, he already knew that this was all supposed to happen." "No, it was just a horrible thing that happened," Peeta said. "But maybe now we can make things a little better for Mari." She nodded. "Give me a little time with them?" "You can have as much time as you want," Peeta assured her. "I'll be outside here if you need me." Hazelle nodded before leaning over to give a motherly kiss on the cheek. "Congratulations, Dad." He smiled. "Congratulations, Grandma Hazelle." Two Months Later… " Give your all to me I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose I'm winning 'Cause I give you all of me…" "I know. Daddy isn't much of a singer." Peeta offered the bottle to their daughter, who eagerly reached for it. "But, I can bake you a good cake." From behind the door, Katniss leaned against the wall watching Peeta and Mari's nighttime ritual. He always sang to her before giving her a bottle and then putting her down to bed. "Don't drink too fast, sweetheart," Peeta cooed to the little girl in his arms. "You'll get the hiccups and I know how much you hate those." Mari hummed in agreement, her sounds muffled by the fact that she was currently sucking on the rubber nipple of the bottle Peeta held. "That's it, Daddy's got you." Katniss' chest constricted seeing the protective hold of her husband. "I will always take care of you, my little Mari. As long as there are breaths in my body, Daddy will always take care of you and Mommy." Mari stared up at him, fascinated by her father's voice. She reached for him and Peeta brushed a kiss on her tiny fingers. "There's so much of Gale in you," Peeta whispered. "Your boldness and that strength in your eyes; that is all your father. I see your Mommy in you, too. You have her curiosity and bravery, not to mention her beauty. Don't tell her but even as a little boy, I already knew I was a goner." He pressed a kiss to Mari's forehead. "I hope you get something from me one day." Katniss felt her eyes water up at his words, so sweet and tender to their little girl. Not wanting to disturb the two, she went back to bed to await her husband. When Peeta came to bed, the lights were already out and he quietly slipped under the blanket to rest before Mari woke them for her 3AM feeding. "Peeta?" He turned to see Katniss staring at him, her coal eyes glittering in the darkness and his memory wandered to that late night on the back porch of the frat house. She had looked at him that same way. Only now did he realize what that look was—it was hunger. It was love. "Yes, sweetheart?" Peeta said into the gentle silence. "I love you," she whispered, her head going to his chest. "Always." "Is this real?" he asked, his voice low and causing her center to tighten. Katniss sat up to face him. Her hands went to the noose of her robe and she slowly undid the ties before revealing her body to his longing eyes. She had some stretch marks and had not lost all of her baby weight but she could see that her husband appreciated her body. It had brought their child into the world. Hopefully one day, it would bring more. Taking his hand, she moved it along her shoulder before letting his rough palm find its way to where her heart pulsed in anticipation. "Real." Katniss leaned down, her lips teasing his. "I intend to show you just how much until Mari's next feeding." "I might need some confirmation a little after the feeding," Peeta said with a smile. Katniss let out a laugh before covering his mouth in a full kiss. Three years later… They played in a field. The dark-haired girl with mismatched clothes and messy pigtails, screaming in delight as she was swung about. If there was anything that she got from Peeta, it was her zest for life. Then there was the man with golden hair and eyes so blue that Katniss often found herself drowning in them, especially when they made love in the quiet hours before dawn. "Mommy!" Mari rushed towards her with a small bouquet of dandelions in her small grasp. "Pretty like you!" "Thank you, baby!" She took the flowers before giving her daughter a kiss. Mari sat next to Katniss, snuggling to her side. Her eyes then went to Peeta who approached, his eyes full as he stared at her. "Don't I get a present from you, too?" "I suppose," Peeta responded easily. He reached into the picnic basket in the corner of their blanket. "How about this?" Her eyes went to the green crayon wrapped in his grasp and Katniss let out a laugh. "About time!" she exclaimed before grabbing the bit of crayon revealed in Peeta's hold. Her husband winked at her before letting go of it. The laughter dropped from her lips seeing at what rested on the other end of the crayon—a delicate band crowned with a bright canary diamond. "I thought that we'd renew our vows," Peeta said. "You could wear a wedding dress…or a burlap sack…I could care less—as long as you'll marry me…again." "Okay," Katniss breathed out. She watched him slip the ring on her finger, feeling the onset of tears beginning. In time, these hormones would only get more erratic, but she knew they could handle it—just like last time. Katniss took his hand, placing it over the slight swell, before meeting his overjoyed eyes. "Should we get married before or after your son is born?" FIN. Songs: "All of Me"-John Legend I think it's dependent on how you pronounce, 'Amaryllis' but in my head, the correct pronunciation of 'Mari' is 'MAH-ri'. Thanks for reading!