up to see him gazing at me, his eyes earnest. "I know that what I feel is real. I know her. Even if we've only just met, I've known her from lifetimes before. So you should shoot me instead, I don't think I was even alive until I met her. I don't want to be in a world without her." "Oh fucking hell," Johanna mutters. Two shots go off. It's been five years since the murders of Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark. They say it was a jealous ex-boyfriend, the amount of blood at the crime scene so gruesome that several police officers were sick to their stomachs. Someone had beaten their faces in so badly that they were practically unrecognizable. They were deemed "Star-Crossed Lovers" by the papers, their short relationship showing so much promise. Who knew what could have happened if they survived the massacre? Maybe they would've married, had children, and raised them in Panem until they grew old. Maybe they would've traveled the world, finally settling on their dream home, and married under the light of the moon. They were mourned by thousands, people driving into the small town of Panem and packing into the church where they were eulogized. Katniss has been a kind-hearted girl with humanitarian ideals while Peeta had been a pillar of strength to the town, dedicated to his students. There was talk that it was all a set-up by Burton Cray, who Peeta was planning to testify against. Cray laughed it off knowing that there was no way to connect him to the killing since he was in jail at the time. Confidently, he believed that he would be getting off scot-free. Unfortunately, Cray didn't think of Peeta transcribing his account of Cray smuggling children into the States to sell for a variety of reasons, including prostitution and slavery. Ten video tapes of Peeta at his home describing the events were found along with the signed affidavit by his lawyer, Marvel Smith, who presented the tapes on the day of the trial. Cray is currently doing ten consecutive lifetime sentences. Who knew what Katniss and Peeta could have been? I know. I know who they are. My mind pulls back from the memories as the boat that I stand on, starts to slow. "Ma'am?" I turn to the attendant. "We're about to dock. Do you have bags in the stowaway, Miss…?" "Everdeen," I respond. "Primrose Everdeen." I shake my head at him. "I only have this." I hold up my small duffle. "Are you visiting family?" I look out at the dock where a dark-haired woman and blond man wave at me. Jumping excitedly in front of them is a little girl with eyes so blue that I can see them even from the mile or two that separate us from land. "My sister and brother-in-law," I respond simply. "My sister is expecting a baby any day now and someone has to keep my niece busy." The man smiles at me, his dark eyes looking over at me appreciatively. I'm only 15, but I know that I exude a bit of wisdom and mystery in me. My sister taught me well. She taught me how to act distraught, how to pretend to identify her "body" at the morgue. How to keep a straight face over the fact that Beetee and Wiress were able to place her and Peeta's DNA as well as fingerprints in cadavers stolen from some place that we'd rather not know about. "They are lucky to have you then," the man replies. "No one ever comes to this island. There are only two boat trips out here annually." "I don't plan on leaving for a while," I respond as the boat begins to dock. "Our eldest sister is on her honeymoon right now anyway and I live with her so I'd rather hang out here than be in that large house by myself." Johanna's rather quickie marriage to Marvel was due to the fact that both were celebrating their promotions at the Academy and had a little too much to drink, causing neither to realize that the sterility shots we were given were no longer lingering in their systems. Haymitch and Effie are currently watching their twins as the newlyweds explore Rome. "Aunt Prim!" Waving goodbye to the attendant, I quickly pick up the dark-haired four-year-old as soon as I step onto the dock. "Miss Amelia Adele!" I kiss her cheeks as she blanches at my use of both of her names. "How are you?" "I can climb a tree by myself," Mia responds proudly. "Not that we let her," Katniss tells me as she pulls me into a hug. "You're getting tall." "You're getting huge," I retort and she gives me the finger behind Mia's back. "Well, it's Peeta's baby," she responds before looking at her husband affectionately. "All legs. What did you expect?" Peeta takes my bag before drawing me into a strong hug. "I wasn't the one walking around in a new bikini, eight months ago." "This is all Johanna's fault then!" I conclude as we walk towards the small home in the tiny borough of District 12. Johanna during her travels often presents me or Katniss with lovely clothing pieces. I saw the barely there bikini before Johanna sent it and I definitely don't have the breasts to fill it. Katniss does and Peeta obviously appreciates this fact. "Isn't it always?" Katniss responds. Her hand goes to her stomach before she puts an arm around me. "Though thank goodness, she's so good at ballistic shooting." Precise enough that the police didn't even bat an eyelash at the distance logistics or suspect any foul play, giving Katniss and Peeta enough time to flee the country. In front of us, Peeta and Mia, who is sitting on her father's shoulders, sing " Rolling in the Deep " in Spanish. "Yeah." I rest my head on my sister's shoulder. "Thank goodness." FIN. Songs: "When We Were Young"-Adele