that he wanted to be real to Katniss. He told himself that he would tell her in the morning. However when he awoke, there was a note: Our sessions are over. –Katniss Three Months Later… "Congratulations Haymitch." Peeta shook the man's hand. "Six months sober." "I've got a long way to go," the man replied. "I also have a lot of groveling to do. Effie really is a saint." "She loves you," he responded. "As long as you put in the work like she does, you'll both do fine. I'll have Delly give you some recommendations for marriage counselors along with your release letter." Together, the two men went to the waiting room where Peeta gave Delly the final instructions for Haymitch. "Peeta." Delly handed him a piece of paper. "Urgent message for you." Opening the paper, Peeta skimmed the information before looking to his secretary. "Cancel the rest of my day," he told her before walking out the door. Peeta nervously held the small bouquet of dandelions in his hand. Surprisingly, the florist close to his office had what he needed and had even wrapped the delicate bunch in a silk red ribbon. Standing outside the door to the room, he hesitated for a moment. She had left the message asking for him yet Peeta didn't want to intrude on her space. Also, there was the possibility that what Katniss had to say was not good. Their ending was not bad but it wasn't good either. In fact, Peeta was surprised by the amount of pain he felt in her absence. The door opened and an older woman in light blue scrubs stepped out, giving him a smile when she spotted him. "You must be her young man," the nurse said. "I think they've both stayed up for your visit." She held the door open for him. "Go on in." Tentatively Peeta entered, walking against the thin barrier curtain. Peeking inside, he took in the sight in awe. Sitting up in the hospital bed was Katniss and in her arms was the small swaddled bundle that was her child. Sunlight streamed in through the half-closed blinds, beaming onto the mother and child. They were beautiful. "Don't be a stranger." Katniss looked up at him with a shy smile. She looked exhausted, her hair akimbo and dark circles under her eyes. However, she looked happier than he had ever seen her. "Come meet my son." He walked over to the head of the hospital bed. "Long time no see." She met his eyes. "Did you miss me?" "Yes," Peeta told her, his gaze never leaving hers except to gaze tenderly at her little boy. Katniss' looks were clearly dominant as the newborn had her dark hair and olive skin. "I missed you both." "Come sit next to me," she demanded and Peeta lowered the bed rail so he could move onto the side of the hospital bed. Her eyes went back to the sleeping baby. "He's beautiful, isn't he?" Her fingers caressed her son's cheek. "From the moment he was in my arms, I knew nothing would ever make my life as full as being his mother." "He's gorgeous." Peeta's finger went to the newborn's cheek. He had thick, raven hair similar to Katniss' and a pert little nose that was also from his mother. "Nothing like his father, I'm sure." "I don't see any of ol' what's-his-face in this kid," Katniss informed him. "He is all me." She held the baby out to Peeta. "Hold him." Peeta instinctually moved away but Katniss took hold of his forearm. "I'm not sure." "You don't scare him," she assured him. "He recognizes you." Carefully, Katniss placed her son in Peeta's arms. The blanketed baby squirmed for a moment before settling his head against Peeta. The feeling of the child on his chest made something inside soar; he knew that Katniss' son already had a place in his heart just like his mother. "Congratulate me." Katniss gave him a smile. "Six months of non-sexual contact." She looked to her son. "After I posted bail and was sentenced, I found out about the baby. I knew I had to get help…for both of us. Then you saved us." Peeta met her eyes. "You saved yourself and your son." Leaning forward, he pressed a kiss to her forehead, feeling her sigh against his skin. "Congratulations." Her eyes opened as he pulled away, her grey eyes shining. "The reason I left was because I started to feel it come up again," she explained. "We've worked on this," he told her as he rocked her child. "You know exactly was to do in a situation like that. I'm confident in that." Her eyes dashed downwards. "It wasn't that kind of urge." Peeta lifted her chin to look into her eyes. He realized that it was a different kind of urge. A different kind of hunger. It was the kind of want that spoke of holding hands and long conversations, of trust and affection and hopefully one day—love. "I like you," he told her. She grinned through her tears. "I like you back." The baby yowled and instinctively Peeta continued his gentle motions before kissing the little one's cheek. "What's his name?" The baby gazed up at him, light blue eyes greeting him. Peeta felt that rush of love for the baby. Katniss and he were his just as Peeta was theirs—if they would have him one day. "I don't know," Katniss responded, her head going to his shoulder. "Maybe if you aren't busy later on, we can have a session on baby names." He watch her eyes flutter close. "I don't know if you realize but having a baby is exhausting." Making sure that the baby was safe and sound asleep, Peeta kissed the top of her head. "We'll figure it out together." His eyes closed, the fatigue taking their little family over, and soon they slept. FIN. * Quote from The Velveteen Rabbit by Margery Williams