before it completely melts, I glaze both her nipples in its sweet juice. God, her looking at me, all eager and mewling, makes me want to come. I want to savor the moment. Most of all, I want to savor her. Her nipples are sharp from the cold and leaning down I suck one, caressing the peak with the tip of my tongue. "Fuck!" Katniss cradles my head as I flick her nipple up and down in my mouth. There's something intensely sexy in the movement of my mouth on her tits—that feeling of a hard duct in my mouth. "I'm going to come if you keeping doing that." "You're that wet?" My free hand travels to the cleft between her legs, the heat emanating from her quim making me twist in hunger. I thrust my index and middle fingers inside her, immediately coating it in her juices, and she cries out at my rough intrusion. Sitting up, I bring them to my mouth and taste her—heady and arousing. The essence of Katniss. "You taste delicious." She doesn't respond, her body undulating in the spiky sensations of hot and cold intermingling. It is not even a second before I make another grab for a rapidly-melting popsicle and get on my knees in front of her. Katniss brings her own knees up, her feet on each of my sides on the couch. Our eyes remain on one another, never breaking—even when I circle the cube along her stiff clit and then along her slick lips. Leaning down, I breathe her in—succulent, rich, and enticing. My lips go to her slit…sucking…tasting…relishing the taste of lemonade and Katniss. I am punch-drunk and inebriated, just barely aware of the nearly-painful grasp of Katniss' fingers in my hair as she grinds against my face. "Ohh…uhh…" The sounds coming out of her mouth urge me on until I'm in rapture, my tongue plunging into her quivering canal. "Peeta…ohh…fuck!" She tightens around my tongue and I suck, drinking her up eagerly. There isn't any time to recover as Katniss pushes off and onto the cot on the floor. She is frantic, her eyes crazed as she climbs onto me, and plunges onto my swollen cock in a matter of seconds. Her cunt swallows my length up eagerly. "Oh—fuck!" I'm barely conscious, dazed by the sensation of her surrounding me, hugging every nerve, causing spikes of pleasure to surge through my body. My hands move to her waist, gripping her harshly so that I can meet her thrusts. "Katniss…please." Katniss meets my eyes, her mouth in a musing, breathless smile. Her breasts bounce with every harsh jab of my dick and my hands go to her lemonade-sticky nipples, letting my thumbs graze along them. A warbled moan builds at the base of my throat as I feel the beginning of her second climax. "Peeta!" Katniss arches, her body almost folding back, as she comes around me. Hot-white light invades my sockets and I'm blinded and flying high as I thickly coat her insides. When I come back to earth, I feel her face resting against my shoulder. "Dearest," I whisper, pressing a tender kiss to her forehead. My eyes become heavy, sinking in exhausted slumber. But, not before I hear her whisper, "I love you…always." The next day is much calmer; the temperature going down in the still of the night. I wake up, reaching for Katniss atop our couch and find it empty. Sitting up, I begin to pull my clothes back on. The slight creaks along my body are apparent as I stand, our joining, age, and having slept on a cot having contributed to my body aches. There is no iota of regret. I hear humming outside the window and, gathering my blanket, I go join Katniss on the porch. She is walking along the floorboards once again, her hands on her stomach and a gentle smile on her lips. I lean against the doorway, taking her in, seeing the ethereal glow about her as she sings. " Dearest, though you're the nearest to my heart Please don't ever…ummm yeah…ever say we'll part You scold, and you are so bold Yes together…ummm yeah…our love will grow old… " "Where did you hear that song?" Katniss turns to me, her mouth lifting even higher at my appearance. She walks over to me, giving me a full kiss as her hand reaches to put mine on our child. He or she is wriggling under my palm and I'm breathless at the feeling of enchantment that this tiny little person gives me. I can't wait until we meet. "Sometimes, Haymitch sings it to himself. After awhile, I memorized the words," she explains. "Last night, you called me dearest—and the baby hasn't stopped moving since." She is all lit up inside at the thought of the little one and I feel my eyes grow heavy with tears. All this time, my wife has feared being a mother and without realizing it, she has taken to singing to our baby—like she did with Prim so very long ago. I wrap the blanket in my hands around her before pulling its ends to bring her close. We are bundled together, protected from cold and from the world. Just us two, though not for long. "Why are you so good to me?" Katniss asks softly. "Because I love you," I tell her plainly. She kisses me, instead of responding, tender and sweet, and always full of hope. There is bang of a screen door and we turn to see Haymitch coming out of his house, a little rumpled and bleary-eyed. He smirks at us. "Hot night, wasn't it?" Katniss, this time around, doesn't bother to leave. Instead, she replies with a cheeky smile, "It was—but we found a way to cool off." Haymitch lets out a barking laugh. "Yeah, I heard." With that, he walks back into his house to let us enjoy the cool morning. FIN. Song-"Dearest" sung by Buddy Holly