tears. He held her tight as the police officer walked over, speaking of a drunk driver, their friends attempt to avoid the man, and a car crash that she didn't want to think of. When it was over and the officer was gone, Gale sank to the ground and took her with him. Their house looked frozen in time, a relic of Katniss and Peeta Mellark. When Madge and Gale walked in, their eyes went to the unopened mail on the entryway table. In the kitchen, her eyes filled seeing Katniss' neat print on the bulletin board, including the small mark from last week saying, ' Vi learned to crawl! '. A little doodle next to the phone reduced Madge to a sobbing mess. Peeta must've been bored during a call, because on one of the notepads he had written over and over: I love Katniss, I love Viola… "I have to find the number for CPS and we have to get Viola out of there," she started. "Then, I'll have to call someone to close my studio for a bit and then…" "Stop." Madge looked to where Gale stood in the kitchen doorway. "Just sit for a moment because I still can't believe this is real." He went to the dining room table. "We were just sitting here with them two months ago!" She went to him, her hand going to his shoulder. "I feel like I have to do something, because if I don't then I just think about how we'll never see them again." Madge pulled out a chair, tears prickling her eyes as she remembered Katniss' laugh. "We lost our best friends…but Viola has lost her parents." Gale wiped his eyes. "Why did this happen?" He looked so lost, so broken by it all. She let the sobs overtake her. "I don't know…" "Cry it out, Madge," Gale told her hoarsely. "Let me call CPS. You should rest." "I can't sleep," she replied. "Not in this house." "Then go sit in the living room," he told her. "I need you to go so I can cry and then get enough strength to get Viola back." Their eyes met, his own bloodshot. "Please Madge…I can't let you see me this way." She nodded and stood up. "I'll be in the living room." Two Days Later… "Madge, the lawyer is here." She looked up from the changing table where Viola laid, her legs up in the air to see Gale watching the two. He gave her an exhausted smile, his unshaven face making him seem older and much more haggard. Gale looked like she felt. Diapering Viola, she lifted the little girl in her arms and then carried her over to Gale. "Let me just wash my hands and I'll be right down." "We'll meet you down there," Gale responded before giving Viola a bright smile. "And after we get all this crap out of the way, Uncle Gale is going to feed you whatever you want—we practically have the same appetites." Madge gave them a wave before throwing out the dirty diaper then washing her hands in Viola's bathroom. Walking out into the hallway, her eyes went to a random picture hanging right between their friends' bedroom and Viola's nursery. It was of the four them on prom night. Peeta and Katniss were staring at one another as she and Gale smiled at the camera, his arm around her waist and her head on his shoulder. They all looked so young and carefree. Yes, Madge was mad at Gale then, but they shared one dance together and she had forgiven him enough to take that photo with her best friends—though she couldn't remember it. There had been some pre-party shots at Katniss' place. Oh, what a night that had been. Taking a deep breath, she descended downstairs and into the dining room where Gale sat with Viola across from their friends' lawyer, Plutarch Heavensbee. Joining them at the table, she nodded at the man before sitting down next to Gale and placing Viola in her lap. The little girl remained unaware, her hands toying with Madge's tangled mane. She hadn't even showered, feeling so stuck in herself. "First off, I'd like to say how sorry I am that we're meeting under these circumstances," Plutarch said. "Peeta and Katniss were very good friends of mine and they spoke so highly of you both." Opening his portfolio, he looked it over before meeting their curious gazes. "The house is paid off as they used the money inherited from their parents to foot the majority of the mortgage. However, if you choose to remain here, you are subject to the house tax." "What are you talking about?" Gale asked. "The next thing we'll discuss is Viola's inheritance," the lawyer continued. "She has a trust fund which is to be given to her after she reaches the age of 25, though Viola may contest for an earlier release should she need it." "But, what about now?" Madge inquired. "Is there anything about whose going to take care of Viola?" "I thought that's why we were here." The man produced a copy of a statement, handing Madge and Gale copies. "They left Viola to you and your husband." "Husband?" Madge looked to Gale, who was trying to pick his jaw up from the table. "He's not my husband!" "The way they talked about you two, I thought you were," Plutarch said. Gale finished reading over the statement. "Those two were fucking insane!" "I tried to convince them that it wasn't a good idea with your careers and such," the man said. "But, it states clear as day that they reward full custody of their daughter, Viola Eustace Mellark, to Gale Hawthorne and Madge Undersee. As of today, you are both parents." End of Part One. Yes, I killed off Everlark, but I feel that they lived a fulfilled, enjoyable life. Songs: 'December '63 (Oh What A Night)'-Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons