ending. In some ways, we did. Peeta and I remain together, still very much in love and very much devoted. We took the train out to the next District where we could start over. Peeta got a job with a construction company where he was paid under the table. Eventually, I started working on the ledger for the company, putting my advanced math skills to use. Haymitch Abernathy, our manager, doesn't ask any questions. Even when he found out that we have no sort of identification or social security numbers. He did, however, find us someone who could give us identities—for a hefty price. "Mellark," Peeta tells me with a smile. "I wrote in that my name is Mellark." "You always did like their cakes," I respond as we sit in our small living room. "I didn't know what to put for my last name." "Put 'Mellark'," he states, his eyes suddenly bashful. "I mean…never mind." I climb onto his lap and wrap my arms around his neck. "I was wondering when we would make it official." Kissing him gently, I give him a bright smile. "This was a very intimate wedding." A week later on our kitchen table, I find an open jewelry box with a thin gold band and a cake from Mellark Bakery that says, ' Happy Wedding Day '. "I told the guy at the front counter that we eloped a week ago and you always loved their cakes," Peeta tells me with a grin. "He suggested that we feed one another just like they do at actual weddings and then save a piece in the freezer so we can eat it on our anniversary next year." Excitedly, I sit on his lap as he slips the ring on my finger. With the disposable fork that the bakery gave us, I scoop a piece and feed him our first bite of non-medicated cake. Yes, we have good times. But, we also have bad moments. There are times when I wake up from my dreams screaming in terror. Sometimes, it is Peeta who wakes up in a feverish sleep, begging for Cray to leave him be. In-between sleep and dreams, I see blood on my hands and I know that every now and again, my husband will awaken seeing Cray's slit throat and open eyes. When I am pregnant with our first child, I worry constantly that he or she will find out about our past. I begin to think of plans for what would happen if our child found out. I couldn't explain to Peeta why I put a bed in the attic of the new house that we purchased just six months after Lila was born. After that, I began to write it all down. If I didn't, I would lose it. Occasionally, Peeta will add things into my journal, writing or drawing pictures of the past. We slowly grow together. When Lila is three, Peeta and I take her to the local mall for her first pair of shoes for preschool. I am pregnant with our second child, a boy, who is due on Father's Day. "Mommy, looky!" Lila's blue eyes gaze proudly at her new sneakers. I smile indulgently at her enthusiasm. "Those are beautiful, sweetheart!" Every day, Lila fills our lives with the sunshine we were deprived of in our attic home. I watch her take off in a run across the store, her two dark braids swinging. Peeta follows our daughter, catching her easily in his strong arms and blowing raspberries into her chubby cheeks. He meets my gaze and winks, easily making my cheeks grow warm. Even now, the fire has not tempered between us. "Your daughter is adorable," one of the sales clerks remarks. Her blonde hair is neatly plaited in a braid and her blue eyes are bright, a similar shade as Lila's. "How old is she?" "Three," I respond with a smile. "Lila is also very spunky for her age." "Lila?" The girl tilts her head at me. "That's my mom's name!" A sudden chill rushes through me and I quickly look at the girl's nametag: Prim . "Are you okay?" Peeta comes rushing to my side. "You went pale." I turn to give him a smile. "I must be tired. Your son is giving me trouble." "Taking after his sister already," my husband responds. Prim retrieves the shoebox on the floor. "I can ring you up for the shoes, Mrs…?" "Mellark," I tell her in a hasty voice. "Mrs. Mellark." Only when we reach our car do I tell Peeta in-between sobs that we have just come face to face with the sister that I couldn't remember. December arrives. Lila and Peeta decorate the Christmas tree as I nurse our six-month-old son, Owen, who is named after his godfather. My husband has been working for Mellark Bakery as a driver since Lila was two and has recently started training to become a pastry chef. Owen is the son of the infamous Mr. Mellark who started the successful chain of bakeries. He is two years younger than Peeta and has a similar crooked smile to my husband. Sometimes I wonder if they're related. There's a knock on the door and I stand up after fixing my top. We're expecting Haymitch, Lila's godfather, for dinner and to help untangle the Christmas lights. I am surprised when I find Prim at my doorstep. Her eyes briefly go to Owen before meeting mine; they share a similar shade of blond. "I remember you," she suddenly says in a choked voice. "I was three and Mom was looking for the shoes for my first day of preschool—just like you were with Lila. When she turned around, you were gone." A hand goes to my shoulder and I turn to see Peeta behind me, Lila in his arms. Whatever I decide, we are in this together. After a moment, I make my decision and widen the door for Prim. "Come in." FIN.