him. He would wake up covered in sweat and achingly hard at the thought of her grey eyes. Nothing compared to the sight before him, thick chocolate hair that fell against her soft shoulders and curves that were emphasized perfectly by the tightly woven black corset she wore under the matching silk robe. "Hey," he greeted back. "How are you?" "You didn't pay fifty thousand dollars to talk to me," Katniss said as she walked towards him. "No one talks to me." "I'm here to talk to you," Peeta replied easily as she led him to a plush chair in the middle of the room. As she slid off the robe, he could see that the cups of the corset barely held her breasts in. "Haymitch is looking for you." Katniss straddled him and he tried not to focus on her forceful grind—or the heat coming from in-between the apex of her thighs. "Listen to me," she whispered against his ear. "We can't talk here—they're everywhere." The warmth of her breath against his ear made him twitch. "Then where and when?" Her hands reached behind his neck so that she could hold on to him as she danced. Katniss smiled softly and for a moment he saw the girl he knew. Peeta pushed his pelvis against hers and he was surprised when she let out a quiet groan. She cocked an eyebrow at him and his hands went to her hips as he brushed his now hard length against the barely there thong she wore. "Tell me," he urged as he gripped her hips roughly. "In the back—ten minutes!" Katniss replied and her eyes closed as she pushed against him. When she opened them again, Peeta could see them clouded over with lust as she gasped for breath. "You play a wicked game." "You started it," he countered. "Is this what they come for?" "They pay because I know how to make them feel good," Katniss told him as she moved against him. "I bring it out of them." "What?" His hand traveled in-between her thighs without hesitation. The slick heat of his fingers in her reminded him of the three minutes he had asked for before he left her alone. "Power, lust, fear, whatever makes them feel like they can run the world." "And what about you?" He pushed in deeper and his thumb found her clit. Peeta's lips found her neck and his mouth tasted the skin he dreamt about for years. "What makes you come?" She still tasted the same. "I have my memories," she said softly into his neck. Peeta felt her clamp down against his fingers and the rush of heat against his hand. "Good girl, let it out," he whispered against her ear as she hissed her orgasm into his. "I'll see you outside. I'm going to call Haymitch and let him know you're in." Gently, Peeta let his fingers slide out of her as he helped her stand up. Peeta's fingers quickly went to his mouth so that he could taste her. It was as sweet as he imagined. His eyes traveled to the Mockingjay pin that he had given Madge to give to her. It sat nicely in-between the dip of the sweetheart line of the corset. Katniss met his eyes and grinned. "Damn you, Peeta Mellark." "I did it, Eff," Haymitch said as he placed the bouquet of sunflowers on top of her tombstone. "You always thought I was a lazy bastard but I'm going to save our home. And I know you never thought I cared for the little ones, but I did. Every single one of them—but I wish I could've done better for you." His eyes watered thinking of her last smile—so gentle and serene. "She never thought you were lazy." Haymitch turned to see Johanna walking towards him along with Gale. They both carried bouquets of flowers which they placed in front of her stone. "Effie just knew how to push your buttons," Gale said as he reached into the bag he carried on his shoulder and pulled out a bottle of champagne. "She knew how to make you do things without you knowing it. She was the real mastermind." "I guess I wasn't the only one who remembered." Finnick joined them with a jovial smile. He took out the mahogany earring and placed it on top of the tombstone. "Hey, Effie—sorry for taking your earring. I just wanted something to remember my Mom by." Haymitch put an arm around him. "Glad you came." He nodded at Johanna and Gale. "All of you." "Sorry, I'm late." Annie arrived breathlessly and hugged him. "Had to run an errand." She placed a box in his hand and he hesitated before opening it. The ring still looked new to him despite the many scratches it held. Each scratch held a memory of her and their years together. "What did we miss?" The group turned to find Peeta and Katniss walking towards them. Their hands were entwined tightly and Haymitch grinned—he knew Peeta would bring her back. "Hey, Mockingjay," Finnick teased, though his smile fell slightly seeing Annie staring at him disapprovingly. "None of that," Peeta said to him. "She's just Katniss to us—none of that Mockingjay shit." "Looks like someone grew some balls," Johanna remarked with a smirk. "Can we just toast already?" Gale stomped his foot and then looked down at the tombstone he was standing on. "Sorry—uh, Mr. Jones." Annie handed out the cups and Gale poured. When they were topped off, Haymitch looked around at the group. At their children. "It's going to be a big, big, big day," he started, quoting his late wife. "And we've got a lot of work to do, but we're going to do it. For Effie." They toasted in agreement and Haymitch gulped it down quickly before meeting their eyes again. "Let the games begin." Song: "Dream Racer"-4Minute Yes, this will be my next story. I love a good heist. -JLaLa