"Because that's when it's happening." Peeta bristled at her words, "You are incredibly selfish." "You want to make me the villain then go ahead," Katniss told him. "You know a thimbleful about my life." She swallowed back the unexpected sob. "Were you expecting us to have it? Fall in love and get married? I know better. We know scant about one another. We could be totally wrong for each other. No one wants to be the child in-between two parents who hate each other!" "Well, you made damn sure of that, didn't you sweetheart?" he returned cuttingly. The room went silent. Katniss took a shaky breath, still trembling with the anger over their argument. "You should go." Peeta didn't respond. Instead, he stood up and left. Valentine's Day "How are you feeling, Katniss?" Cinna asked as she laid on the exam table. Her doctor had asked her to call him by her first name when during her pre-op exam, she burst into tears. Katniss admitted that she hadn't slept well in days; the morning sickness that she had never experienced until her dinner with Peeta came full force. "I'm going to take a long nap on Valentine's Day," she said in a hoarse voice. "So, it's just like the last one." "It's okay to be sad," her doctor replied gently. "People think that just because you don't want to be a mother now that you're never going to be a mother. The truth is that you're making the most maternal decision you can make at this moment. You know that you're not ready and you don't want any offspring to suffer." Katniss' lips lifted in a wry smile. "Tell Peeta that." Cinna looked down at her, his dark eyes full of sympathy. "Who's that?" "The father," she told him, her eyes filling. "I kinda wanted him to be my boyfriend." "This is not the end, Katniss," Cinna said. She let out a nervous laugh. "Are you sure?" "Relax," he told her. "Right now, we're going to put a breathing mask over your nose and mouth. Then I want you to start counting down from ten." Katniss nodded. Her eyes went to the nurse with bright blue eyes. They looked a lot like Peeta's and she focused on them as the woman placed the mask over her face. "Ten…nine…eight…" Her mind flashed to Peeta. She missed him. "…seven…six…five…four…" Then she slept. There were 12 chairs in the room. Katniss awoke in the twelfth chair. The recovery room was occupied with girls just like her, dressed in white robes and connected to machines that periodically checked their vitals. The room was still, full of regrets and quiet pains. Each one of the girls in the other chairs were just like her. Her body felt no different than it did before she slept. No ache, just a silence from her once-full womb. She looked to her left and met the green eyes of a young girl who couldn't be more than seventeen. They nodded at one another in understanding. Once they left this room, they would no longer acknowledge what happened. They would not even acknowledge one another if they passed each other on the street. But for now, they were comrades. Katniss watched as each girl was escorted out to go change and return to the lives they once lived before they became women, each going through their own silent losses. Finally, it was her turn. Katniss was taken to a dressing room and allowed to change back to the torn jeans that she wore along with the burgundy zip-up with 'Sae's Books' on the back of it. She looked on her cell phone and found a text from Gale and Johanna, both asking when they could come over. There was also an e-mail from her last job interview asking when she was available to start. Going to the front desk, Katniss was given a pamphlet on her Post-Op care along with a prescription of painkillers and the clinic's number if there were any questions or issues. "Do you have someone to take you home?" The nurse asked. She shook her head. "No—" There was a soft cough and Katniss turned to find Peeta standing awkwardly in the waiting room. She nodded at the nurse before gathering her things and approached him. "Are you okay?" he asked tentatively. She nodded once more and Peeta took her bag before leading her out of the clinic. His car was parked right in the front and as he opened the passenger-side door for her, Katniss gave him a long look before getting in the car. Katniss didn't know what his intentions were and she wasn't in the mood. Looking in the rearview mirror, her eyes zeroed in on the television sitting in the backseat of his car. Peeta sat down in his seat and turned on the engine to warm up the car. "What's that doing here?" she asked curiously. Peeta followed her gaze before looking to her. "You didn't seem like a Valentine's kind of girl," he told her. "So, today is just another day. Today, my girlfriend went through something that I don't think I'll ever understand. So, I'm going to take her home and feed her chicken soup then we're going to lay in bed and watch movies until she feels better." Her eyes began to fill. "I don't know when I'll feel better." Peeta's hand reached to cup her cheek, catching the tears that had suddenly begun to fall. "It's okay," he replied. "I'll be here even when you don't feel good. It took several sleepless nights to realize that you were right. We weren't ready." His lips grazed hers and she felt the stirring of hope rise in her chest. "But…someday." Katniss nodded, her hand reaching to brush her fingers to the solid lines of his face. She looked in his eyes, seeing their future life in them. "Yes. Someday." FIN. Songs: "Wonderful World"-Sam Cooke "Sweater Weather" (Acoustic Version)-The Neighbourhood