the absurdity of the plushness of the room, the ridiculousness of trying to make her "last days" comfortable so far from home - and falls back onto her bed, running her hands along the velvety feeling of the fabric. "Has Haymitch talked to you about our strategy yet?" Katniss suddenly sit upright, trying to coax a sober expression onto her face. Johanna shakes her head from the doorway. "Not yet, kid. But we're working on it. By dinner tomorrow we should have something ironed out for you guys." She puts her hands in the pockets of her pants. Katniss, for the first time tonight, openly admires Johanna's look. They've forsaken a dress this time in favor of a tailored suit, which cuts a feminine figure. No shirt underneath a fitted blazer, which dips just below Johanna's breasts, exposing her lack of a bra. Katniss figures they must be taped in there, because any movement would've caused the fabric to crease and there would be no more secrets about Johanna Mason. The tailored black pants fall down to her large, stiletto heels that Katniss isn't sure how anyone walks around in. And the smoky eyeliner they used just makes her look even more menacing than her constant scowl already does. But she doesn't make Katniss feel any fear. It's more magnetic than that. "Oh, okay." Katniss looks around the room, inhaling the sweet smell of the air. Everything in the Capitol seemed like it was dipped in sugar. She looked to Johanna, who seemed very distracted at the threshold of her room. "Do you stay here, too?" Johanna nods. "A few doors down, if you need anything." She stands in the doorway for a few more awkward moments. "Well, sweet dreams, girl on fire." She winks at the Tribute and closes the door behind her. At dinner the following night, Katniss and Peeta are both in better moods. Effie has filled them in on how amazing they looked, and conducted themselves, at the chariot ride. Johanna and Haymitch watch silently, allowing the stylists to discuss amongst themselves about their next idea for them. Cinna is, as usual, mute on the matter. Johanna keeps her eyes on Katniss, whose youth is hidden beneath a set of eyes that look like they've seen too many turns of the world. She remembers that feeling, of being too old for her age, but too young to feel so old. After her parents had been murdered, the only solace she had found was in Four with Finnick. His relentless light had been the only thing that could pull her from her darkness. She wasn't sure Katniss had anyone to find solace in. From the Justice Center, the only non-family member was Gale Hawthorne. Suddenly, Johanna's head throbbed at the thought that maybe there was more there than just an acute friendship. Once the flaming dessert was served and eaten, Haymitch stood from the table. "Now, if you two kids will excuse us, the adults have some talking to do. Get some sleep. Tomorrow's the big day." Katniss and Peeta are at once insulted but obedient, bidding their goodbyes to the stylist team. Once they are safely out of earshot, Cinna turns to Haymitch and Johanna. "So what's the plan?" "The boy wants to protect her. He's practically given up on himself," Haymitch reveals. Johanna spits her drink back into the glass, getting an eye roll from Effie. "My solution is to present them as a team. As two of a whole. He's presented an opportunity they both need - to look like star-crossed lovers." "I'm sorry, what?" Johanna interrupts, glaring at the older man. Something about watching Katniss fawn over Peeta made her temperature rise. "What kind of plan is that?" "A good one," Haymitch shoots back. "He's going to try and protect her, and she's not going to allow it unless she thinks it speaks to their survival. You've seen her. She's too selfless. She'll pity him, once she gets over it. It'll help them both survive as long as possible. But the girl's too stubborn, so we have to work around her." "You're just going to have him spring this on her? When?" "At the interviews. She'll go in and talk about her sister; everyone likes Primrose. She's very sweet." Johanna rolls her eyes. She hadn't spent enough time in Twelve to know Katniss' little sister. She was surprised Haymitch had spent enough time outside of a bottle to notice her, either. "And Peeta will say he's in love with Katniss. And that will be how I get them both sponsors. Otherwise, he'll die and she'll probably get crushed by a Career." For some reason this enrages Johanna who slams her fist on the table. Effie lets out a quiet whimper of surprise. "And if I object?" Haymitch laughs, taking a long pull from his flash. "And why, pray tell, would you object to this plan?" The way he eyes Johanna speaks to how much he understands her. How much her understands what she herself cannot fully understand yet. Yes, she favors Katniss. She usually favors the female Tributes. But the thought of Katniss and Peeta being lovers makes her irrational. Unable to explain that coherently, and without sounding like a complete lunatic, she quiets down. "It's tacky," she offers lamely. "Tacky, but powerful." Johanna resigns herself into her drink, unable and unwillingly to argue the topic any further. But Haymitch looks so smug she wants to launch the knife at his face. While he blathers on more about how the set-up will work, Johanna drowns him out with her own thoughts. She vows to get some alone time with Katniss to explain this plan. To tell her how it really should go in the arena. How she has to look out for herself. How Johanna will be looking out for her. She doesn't question this newfound loyalty to Katniss Everdeen. There's no time for that when she could be dead within a week.