so deeply like pine, it's forever etched in my memory like stone. I can feel my own orgasm beginning so I press my thumb onto her clit as I penetrate her again, curling my fingers inside her. I want us to experience this together. My efforts pay off as the string of expletives she's been moaning become my name, and the sound pushes me over the edge again and my hips shake against her leg. I rub my hand over her center, coating myself in her scent. I take one of my fingers into my mouth, sucking the liquid from my index finger. "Oh come on," she pleads in a mocking tone, smiling at me. That night was spent like ships on a storm. A calm would wash over us, prompting sleep in which we'd fasten to each other. But soon our bodies would shift, bare skin meeting bare skin, and a squall would appear and we'd consume each other once more. Two lit matches feeding each others flames until the ferocity that propelled us also consumed us. We finally collapsed as the sun peered into our windows, each of us spent and bordering on exhaustion. ... When I wake up that morning, she's gone. How she got up without waking me is a mystery to this day. But when I find her at Training, we converse cordially. Or, at least as cordial as we've become. She insults me, I deflect her. But we never, ever speak of that night again. It hangs over me like a raincloud for the rest of our days in training, until the day I leave for the Capitol. I bring her the bundle of pine, the smell that has been so woven with her in my brain. I make her a promise. And I never see her again. And I never forget it. Not after I go back to Twelve and settle in my home in the Victor's Village. Not after Peeta and I spend the next few months getting back into ourselves. Not even after he and I have sex for the first time. Tears spill onto my pillow after Peeta has fallen asleep, my suffering as silent as the night. I suddenly can imagine how Johanna felt coming off the morphling. It was the only thing dulling the ache inside her heart, never mind the physical pain. After months of not seeing her, I realize she was the only thing soothing the ache inside me. The need for her is so great I feel like I've lost a limb. My nerves ache in phantom sensations of her lips on mine, her hands on my skin, her breath in my ear. It makes me feel a little better to think maybe she hates me. That maybe she blames me for losing Finnick. Maybe she's even mad that Prim died. Maybe she's forgotten all about that day, that it just blends with all her other flings I'm sure she had before and after me. But on the rare occasions my mother speaks to me over the phone, she mentions how Johanna inquires about how I am. I'm not prepared emotionally when she tells me how wonderful Johanna looks, how full of life she is. I wanted to believe she harbored hatred for me, but my mother insists Johanna is so well-adjusted and happy, it makes me more miserable. Reality can be more crushing than death. After months of suffering, I finally open up to my doctor. I tell him about this recurring impulse I have where I step in front of a Capitol train as it hurdles into the station. Every time I go there to receive a visitor or get a package, I have to physically stop myself from stepping on to the tracks. But it's not as if I want to die. He then explains to me something called l'appel du vide, French for "the call of the void." The urge to jump off of a cliff, as if it was a viable option, before we recoil and realize it isn't. He drones on about something about 'inherited from our genetic ape ancestors' and 'perfectly natural' but I drown him out. The call of the void. That's what pushes me. That's what wakes me from my sleep and prolongs my grief. I want to get lost in her darkness again. I need to. As I stare up at the moon, my feet digging into the soil, I wax romantic thinking of how she might be looking at the moon tonight, too. Does she remember the moonlight falling on us as we tumbled in her sheets? Does she think of how my eyes looked reflected by the stars, like I think of hers? Most importantly, does her body ache with such force that she thinks she might die if she can't touch me again? Did I survive the revolution just to suffer? Fight every day to just to live, if there's nothing left to live for? Without Prim, without Peeta's life in danger, what do I live for? Before I'm cognizant of what I'm doing, I'm standing at the train platform, waiting for the midnight shuttle. A scribbled note and one packed bag later, I stare down the tracks and wait for the inevitable white light to illuminate the station. There's no one else taking this red-eye train tonight but me, but the solitude is comforting. For the first time in months, I don't have to stop myself from standing on the tracks as the loud whistle pierces the sky, scattering the nearby birds. I settle myself into a seat near the window, my bag on the cushion next to me. I lean my forehead on the cool pane of glass, watching Twelve disappear into the distance. My eyes look upward toward the blanket of stars, and I wonder if the sky is this clear in Four. If not, I will miss how bright the constellations are here. But I'll get over it.