that happen. She is the biggest pain in the butt. Not to mention the ribs. And the head. "So how is he?" she asks again. I want to be mad at her, but she seems genuinely concerned. "What do you care about Peeta?" I deflect. "You guys only kept him alive in the arena so I wouldn't go running off on my own." "Not true." She shakes her head. "Peeta could have been a great asset for the rebellion with or without you. He has a way with words that can convince the masses to think anything, do anything." So it turns out I was still correct when I sussed that out myself during the Quell, when I realized that she and Finnick were protecting him. I just missed the pieces of the puzzle that involved their protection of me, and our rescue. So, most of it. "Anyway," she explains, "we had cells next to each other in the Capitol. His screams woke me up at night." She blinks down to her hands in her lap. "They still do." My chest and abdomen constrict painfully, for Johanna and for Peeta. I don't know what to say. I don't know how to fix this. I can't fix this. Maybe if she were Peeta or Gale, I would plant a kiss on her lips because it's all I could think of to appease the suffering for a moment. Gale is right – I do have a habit of doing that. But I am really not in a kissing mood right now, and if I did kiss her she would probably slap me anyway. I decide that the next best thing I can do is answer her question honestly. "Well, he did the cake, and Haymitch said they had a conversation and he seemed almost normal. He's functional." Johanna looks up and motions for me to continue. I oblige begrudgingly. "He doesn't think I'm a mutt anymore." I squeeze my eyes shut at the feeling of my stomach turning painfully. My voice cracks as I add, "He doesn't think I'm much of anything anymore." I open my eyes expecting to see Johanna wearing a mocking expression, expecting to hear her taunting me for my weakness. To my surprise, she merely looks pensive and maybe a touch concerned, but I'm not sure whether that's for me or for Peeta. "What makes you think that?" she prods. "Oh, I don't know," I reply sarcastically, "maybe how he called me a piece of work and accused me of faking my feelings for him." "If you hadn't, he'd be dead, brainless," Johanna points out. "So you hurt his feelings. Boo-fuckity-hoo. I gave you a concussion and a nasty scar, but you got out alive and that's what's important. It's the same for him. The collateral damage doesn't matter in the end. Muffin Man lived to bake another cake and he should be grateful to you, if anything." "Thank you!" I state emphatically. "I'm glad someone else sees it that way." A ghost of a smile appears on Johanna's lips, and I try to return it, but my face quickly falls. "The thing is, he's not wrong. Maybe what the Capitol did was actually the opposite of brainwashing." I choke out a laugh. "I guess he can finally see me for who I really am. I'm violent, distrustful, manipulative-" "Stop." Since when do I listen to Johanna Mason? In fact, since when do I take orders from anyone? Apparently, right now. She says the word quietly, but seriously. I meet her hard gaze, and could probably not say another word even if I tried. "That's not who you are, Katniss." I shake my head. "I'm serious." "It's true, though," I contend. "Don't lie to me." "I'm not," she insists. "All of those words describe you at times, sure. But they don't define you, and there are so many other ones you missed. Compassionate. Moral. Brave. Stupid." I side-eye her at that last adjective, and she chuckles, "You wanted me to be honest." I exhale and let my head loll to the side and rest against the bed, refusing to lose eye contact despite my drooping eyelids. The morphling is really starting to kick in again. "Since when do you even like me?" I ask wearily. "Didn't I just tell you I like you? Like not even five minutes ago, brainless?" "Yeah," I snort, "you like me for my morphling." Johanna glances from my face to the needle in my arm, and back again. "Actually, I don't really like you at all," she says decidedly. I think I see a hint of a smile peeking through her mask, but if there was, she hides it again just as quickly. "I'm just not blind," she adds. "I wouldn't have protected you with my life if you weren't valuable." Of course I am valuable to the revolution, but I'm not sure if that's all she meant. I'm kind of afraid to ask. Mostly because I'm afraid that that is all she meant, and I'm sick of being a symbol but not a person. "Well," I grumble, shifting on the bed, "I'll try to take that as a compliment." She waits until I turn back to her before nodding, looking intently into my eyes. "It was." A/N: There is a reason why Johanna jabbed Katniss during the dancing, by the way. She was not (just) being a bitch. We will get to that later. Let me know what you think! I have been attempting to write using a voice/narration style that's similar to the books, just with more physical description and perhaps at a slightly higher level of diction, so I'd especially appreciate reviews that mention if it still sounds like Katniss. I'll try to get the next chapter up within the next few weeks, I just have to decide exactly what's going in it first. And I'm super anal about my writing, so I won't post it until I love it.