why don't you admit you're a homosexual?" I can feel myself beginning to panic internally as my mind starts zooming between various memories. Cinna telling me how denial is normal part of the healing process I'd be exploring here. How I went out of my way to kiss girls at the club, but avoided kissing Blight. Even when he'd shaved, admittedly. My excessive affection for my gym teacher in junior high. "I'm a homosexual," I say slowly, testing it out on my tongue. It doesn't taste as sour as I might have expected. It's not that I find homosexuality repulsive, but I always assumed that one day I'd marry Blight or some other forest worker in the town, and we'd settle in a nice cabin in the woods and I'd pop out a few babies. But then, it appears I've been assuming a lot. "I'm a homosexual," I repeat, looking up at the group. Their expressions range from sympathetic to haughty to concerned. My eyes are as wide as saucers as I turn to Alma, who's stepped up beside me. She is beaming proudly. "Congratulations, Johanna!" she exclaims. "You've just taken your first step in your true direction!" The group swiftly descends on me to smother me in a group hug, but I don't really reciprocate because my mind is still too numbed. Katniss notably stays seated, but I'm fine with that. As the others say their goodbyes and start to file out, I catch Cressida giving me a once over from a foot away. She doesn't blink away shyly like Annie would; she smirks shamelessly and lets her eyes linger a little bit longer as she prowls away. I blink my eyes back into the room and they jump to Katniss, who's now standing by the couch. Though she's still eyeing me with distaste, she throws me a sly wink on her way out the door. Bitch has to rub it in. "Don't worry, Johanna," Alma smiles, laying a hand on my shoulder. "It's gonna be okay." I stare at her blankly and nod, because I don't trust myself to speak. "Here, put these on," she says, thrusting a pink blouse and skirt into my arms. I gawk at them disbelievingly as I hear her heels clicking away. I guess I might as well get with the program, now that I know it actually does apply to me. They were right. I'm a homo. ***o*** Sushi is on the menu tonight. And they say this place is supposed to make us less gay. I, of course, have to stick to the California Rolls. I'm munching on one on my way to find a seat when I pass by Katniss, who's sitting with her fellow Pennsylvanians at one of the tables. She glowers at me and all but spits, "Congratulations on your first step, Axe Wound." I sidle up to the other table while keeping a wary eye on her, and Finnick is quick to pat my arm and say, "Don't listen to her." He looks her way and continues pointedly, "She's just upset 'cause the fish on her plate is the only kind she can eat!" I feel like thinking about eating any kind of fish is not something that would prove very helpful for me right now, so I quickly attempt to change the subject. "So, Cressida," I say, turning to the girl on my right, "You're a movie buff, huh?" "You can call me Cress," she smirks, a twinkle in her eye. "And, yeah. Filmmaking's a hobby of mine." "I'm sure it is," drawls Finnick, winking facetiously. "Porn? I wish," she snorts. "Then maybe I'd feel I deserve to be here." "Didn't you say you're gay?" I mention. "I meant then I'd at least have done something worth punishing," she grumbles, stabbing haphazardly at her side of rice. I stare blankly at her. "What, do you really think we should be stuck in this place over something we can't control?" she demands, now waving the chopsticks animatedly. "I thought it was like a prison when I got here too, but maybe it's more meant to be like a support group, you know?" I ponder. "Try thinking of it that way." "So, stripteasing me and Annie," Katniss immediately growls from the other table, "that was meant to be supportive?" "I'm sorry," I mumble, eyeing my plate. "I… I didn't know." "Wait," Cress whines, "I missed a striptease?" Everyone is looking on with interest now, except for Annie, who's turned beet red and is covering her ears with her hands like she's trying to block out reality. I faintly hear Peeta mumble, "Ew." "You knew Annie was gay, you knew I was," Katniss argues forcefully. "Didn't it occur to you that maybe some of us are trying to get through this program without getting kicked out? That maybe we have things on the line?" "What," I patronize her, "like Mommy and Daddy won't love you anymore?" I can see rage boiling up in her expression, but then she suddenly throws on that poker face again. She shakes her head and mutters, "You are unbelievable" into her plate. I was expecting her to say more, but I guess she's a woman of few words. It's a shame. I enjoy getting a rise out of her, of course, but I'd love to make that uptight bitch absolutely lose it. A/N: So I know I totally reversed the intuitive casting of the main roles, but once I got this idea, I fell completely in love with it. Also, Katniss as Graham is hot but Katniss as Megan would annoy the hell out of me, while Johanna would be a badass in either role, so it was a win-win. It also gives me a lot more room to play with plot, so this will only somewhat follow the movie plot, though there will be lots of references to the original scenes. Thanks to D7P for the beta read and a really cute pun.