Shouldn't I be dead? There was a window in front of me. I could see out of it. A house was across the road. A house with a shop below and across from this window was a balcony from that house. The house looked cold and empty and I felt a pang of sadness in my chest from just looking at it. I tried to remember anything that could help me figure out where I was, people's names even. Wasn't there a Tristin? Didn't he help my sword fight? A memory came to mind but instead of friendly teaching the dark person who was teaching me changed he smiled cruelly at me and lunged trying to sink his blade into my chest. No, that wasn't it. Maybe my father, Sage, hadn't he taught me the saying 'Sink or Swim,' but suddenly I remembered him pushing my head under water saying the phrase laughing manically. These memories of people who were supposed to care about me scared me. I had one of my mother, jumping down from somewhere and landing like a cat, her teeth extending. Another of my brother with a gun so casually pointed at my head, his eyes red as he pulls the trigger. I searched the room for something to distract me from the images now that my eyes had adjusted. I could make out a door to the left but it showed signs of being invisible to the other side. The room was relatively empty save for a few chairs and tables. But there was something behind me then I feel the cool pin leave my skin and see a needle fold back on the robotic arm and go into a shelf cut into the wall and then see the wall cover the hole. That's when I hear the shout outside. Calling a name, it seems familiar. Maybe I know her, Arianna Beck, all these people shouting for her. Then I hear knocking on the wall, the side the door is on. I want to call out, tell them not to bother, that there's no one in here except me but either, my voice is too dry or I've lost the will to speak because I don't answer. I just stare at the wall. Eventually I hear a click the people must have done something right because the door then swings open and the room is greeted by a line of light, it's blinding. I blink and try to cover my eyes but find my arms restrained. Slowly I get used to the light and see shadows and people in the shadows. A flashlight goes on and flashes around the room to land on me, this time I shut them tightly. A shuffling of feet and then there's shouts of "We've found her. It's her." I want to shrink into the corner and disappear but I can't because I'm restrained. "Miss, Miss Beck. You're okay now, you're safe." A man with olive skin and dark brown hair and grey eyes, says squatting down in front of me. "Oh Ria, darling you're okay. It's going to be alright." An old lady said bursting into tears at the end, she moves to hug me but I shrink away. "Get away from me, all of you." I shout. That's when they all realised something was wrong. Some exchange worried glances but I continue to stare out the window. The old lady follows my gaze. "Oh dear god," she whispers but everyone hears her, "she probably saw the whole thing." I feel a familiar twitch inside me, like I know something bad is going to happen and there's nothing I can do to stop it. I look around trying to figure out what it is but then I hear buzzing and I realise. Tear start to form at my eyes and I pull on the chains, hard causing my wrists to bleed. Panic takes hold my breathing increases I look down and that's when I see my breasts, when did I get those? Last time I barely had any and wasn't I shorter? Then I hear a ticking and I stand up trying to get as far away from the opening as possible. The whole room just watches me, just stares. Don' they realise what's about to happen? Don't they know the pain that goes through you? How it breaks you down. I pull on the chains more but then they stop and tighten pulling my body close to the wall, I try to fight it, I try to keep as far away but the metal is stronger than me. I'm crying openly tears of pain of what's about to come, tears from the cuts on my wrists and then the wall is folding back and the robotic arm comes out. My legs are trying to push from the wall. I move my body hoping that in doing so it will slow down the process. Then I hear the needle emerge that's when the people in the room spring into action, they all begin to try to break the needle in some way or to break the arm, but I know it's useless. They can't break these types of things. The chains pull tight once more and then the needle is slowly moving towards my arm where it begins to pierce the skin, immediately it begins to release the toxins, I can feel the pain from the injection and then the memories they twist and turn. Whatever thought I have warps and forms into something new. I feel like this battle has long been won. That I fought hard for a long while but it eventually just broke through, maybe something triggered it, and triggered the breakdown of my defences. Then the pain is gone and I'm being pulled into the arms of someone and out into the brightly lit hallway where a stretcher is waiting. I look up at the people and then close my eyes to the terrors.