Finnick or not shooting Snow or whatever the hell your problem was." "Fuck you," scowls Johanna. I toss a hand in the air. "You could've, if you'd been there." Johanna scoffs. "So, what? Were you just gonna fuck whoever showed up to take care of you? You fuck Haymitch for escorting you home and tucking you into bed?" My face contorts in horror. "That's disgusting, Jo." "Seemed reasonable to me," she shrugs. "All someone has to do is show up and be nice to you, and it's open season on the Mockingjay." "Untrue," I spit. "You were never nice to me." That shuts her up long enough for me to take a calming breath and gather my thoughts. "My point was, if you'd been there, Peeta and I would not have grown back together. I would've had who I really wanted." Johanna's cocked eyebrow suggests me doesn't believe me in the slightest. "So if things are so peachy with the mutt, why are you here?" "I didn't say that!" I bark. I'm really done with her shit. "Damn it, why do you have to be so difficult?" That eyebrow stays high. "Since when do you like things to be easy?" "I don't," I grumble to the blankets. A moment of self-reflection later, I concede, "Or at least I didn't. Lately I've been lying around and letting life happen to me, taking the path of least resistance." Sucking in a deep breath, I lift my head to meet her gaze with a determined one. "I don't want to do that anymore. I want to live my life, make choices for myself." Raising my left hand from where it rests behind her, I trace a couple of fingertips up and down her spine, hoping to open the door to Johanna that only seems to respond to touch. "I'm not happy with Peeta," I declare. "I'm not alive with him. But you… I feel so alive every time I'm with you. You don't just make me happy. You make me angry, frustrated, nervous, overjoyed. You make me feel everything." Johanna smirks, probably to distract me from the faint sheen in her eyes and bob in her throat. Grazing a finger down through my cleavage, she waggles her eyebrows. "Everything?" Throwing her some side-eye and a groan, I admit, "Yes, that too. And…" I swallow hard. "Head over heels." Her hand stops, flattening on my ribcage as her eyes go wide. "Those aren't things I ever really felt for Peeta," I tell her. "He'd never be enough, not after you." Slowly she nods her head. "Okay," she breathes out, giving my side a squeeze. "I hear you." Retracting her hand, Johanna takes a breath to compose herself, briefly blinking away. "Won't you miss home?" "Twelve is nothing but ghosts and ashes to me. It's not home, it's not happy, not without Prim. I wouldn't go back at all if all my stuff wasn't still there." My eyelids flutter as I remember something. "Do you like cats?" Johanna's brow scrunches. "I thought you hated cats." "I hate Buttercup," I clarify. "But he's decided he's mine now, and he's all I have left of her, so." My eyes flick away, as they often do when a painful memory arises and I am not alone. They settle on the peak in the blankets over my feet as I try to ignore the burgeoning cramp in my throat. "She was a sweet kid," my bedmate hazards. I can feel the concern in her gaze without moving my eyes. "Yeah," I breathe. "She was." Three fingers hook on my jawbone and pull gently, turning my face to the left. Johanna's lips are there to meet it, pressing against mine softly. Their miniscule movements say more than the grandest gesture could. I am cared for. I am safe. Maybe even, I am loved. This is the first kiss we've shared that is not sexual in nature. I like it just as much, if not more. Bringing my right hand up to where hers rests on my cheek, I slip my thumb under her palm and slowly pull her hand away. Now watching our hands, I turn mine to weave our fingers together. I end up brushing my thumb back and forth over her index finger, mesmerized by the sight of our entwined hands. "I've missed you so much," I whisper. "Every day." Flicking my eyes back to Johanna, I find hers wide and attentive. "Even when I couldn't feel anything, I felt your hands on me. I wanted you there." Now it's my turn to kiss her, shifting onto my side to find her lips and give the lower one a little tug with my teeth. A sharp breath pops from her lungs and she reinitiates contact, pushing forward to deepen the kiss. My left hand drags its nails up her back, then winds its fingers in her hair and closes into a fist, tipping her head back a little. After kissing down her neck, I drag my lips up to her ear and whisper, "I'm not going anywhere. Not unless you want me to." Johanna groans inwardly and blinks herself back to sanity. It takes a few seconds. "You should probably go get your shit, you're right." Her trace of a smile disappears as she drops her eyes, biting her lip. "But maybe you should stick around for a while first. Before you uproot your whole life. Make sure you can stand me." Rolling forward to force the girl onto her back, I grin down on her. "Oh, Jo, I already know I can't stand you." A/N: I've always wanted to write a fully canon-compliant Joniss fic that allowed them a happy ending earlier than middle-age, so I came up with this idea of making the epilogue a dream. Cheating? Maybe. Thanks to D7P for betaing this one shot for me on top of all my other ongoing projects. And Happy Thanksgiving to those of you in the USA!