us after the meeting finishes. I don't really hear much and even if I wanted to I wouldndt really believe any of it, coming out of his mouth. Anyway the real reason why I didn't pay attention is that my mind was racing, racing with the thoughts of how I can get to my children, as now I know that they are alive I had to do everything that was humanly possible to get them back. Mangsk talked for a few hours more, the mood in the room was chilly but cordial as we both parties now knew exactly where we all stood. Through the hours that passed we learned that Mangsk had indeed been the treacherous turncoat we had always theough he was when he let slip that once the Shamsa delegation arrived in Panem he set out to offer his services to them as a guide and go between, claiming to have knowledge of the working so of government and the district system. The Shamsa dignitaries seemed to have bought it and installed him in a sort of ambassador type roll which in a bizzare way has led him to come to represent us here. These facts made me hate him more and more, hell even Snow kept his loyalties until then end, and I respected him for that but Mansgk, Mangsk was a symbol of all that stank about this new world we were discovering. According to the Shamsa legal system the concept of innocent until proven guilty and the role of defence council did not exist, seemingly the accused were judged without their presence at all. Mangsk explained this way the courts of Shamsa were not clogged up with long running cases and it provided for a very efficient system. True to form in our case our defence, it seemed, had been predetermined in advance by the courts who had already sat, reviewed the evidence, heard statements and passed judgement aready. All we had to do was turn up, say our names and accept our fate. "So that's it…? That's our defence?" I shout out "is there no other way, I mean there has to be some kind of appeal or something…anything…I have to get to my children in Quisling!" Mangsk laughs at this as if I've just told him the most hilarious joke in the world, and i want to beat him for it but just as I'm about to he stops and looks directly at me, eyes glaring. In that moment something passes between us, something decidedly important and in that instance I feel as if there may be hope, even if it is from the man I most despise. "Well, it depends…" "Depends on what Mangsk?" Peeta asks "Well, there may be a way, but it's risky, and I didn't mention it because, well its crazy really. Saying that it may be our only shot" "Right now Mangsk I'm willing to give anything a shot, if it means the possibility fo getting my kids back" I reply, finding it hard not to pin him against the wall, not that Peeta would let me of course as I got the feeling he was thinking the same thing. Mangsk gave me that horrible smile, packed up his papers and began to move towards the door. Peeta rushed him and held him by the arm while I moved up. "MANGSK!" I realise that violence is probably not going to resolve this so o try a new tact. "Mangsk, please, what do we have to do?" He stops and shakes off Peeta who lets him go with a begrudging huff and protest and then turns to me and says. "There is a way Miss Everdeen but I'm not sure even you would want to go there" Grabbing his arm tightly I retort "Right now I don't care one bit about where I go, I would cross this entire planet to get my children back! Whatever it is you need to do Mangsk, do it!" Mangsk nods slowly in understanding, he looks at Peeta who simply shrugs his shoulders and put his arms in the air in desperation. "I'll make the arrangements and will brief you on what to say during the hearing. You understand that if you do this there is no going back, the court will see this as an alternative sentence" "DO IT" Peeta and I both shouted in unison. As Mangsk left the room I suddenly realised that despite having agreed to doing anything it takes to see my children again I still had no idea what it was I was agreeing to. Especially know Mangsk had said the words , alternate sentence. "Mangsk! Wait, What exactly do you mean by alternate sentence?" Mangsk stops and turns his head slightly to the side, even though I can't see his face fully I know he has that horrible smile on his lips. He speaks slowly and precisely, his words are calculated and all intended no doubt to give him maximum satisfaction and us maximum humiliation. "well, put simply the way out is merely to provide the court with a similar levelled punishment to the crime you committed, in this case murder and the death penalty" Peeta steps up seemingly having once again figured it all out, yet before he can speak I ask the question that I sort of al ready know the answer to. "What is the same punishment as an execution?" This time Mangsk turns fully towards us and says. "Well Miss Everdeen its quite simple, were going to ask the court that in exchange for them commuting the sentence of death they accept your application for the 80th Shamsa Hunger Games. In their minds that's paramount to the same thing" As the door locks and Mangsk disappears Peeta walks over to me and holds me tight. We both stand motionless and through stinging tears I bury my head again in his chest as we both contemplate what we have gotten ourselves into.