from the previous nights hadn't involved anything loving or soft. So when Peeta's fingertips slowly skimmed her skin, creating goosebumps along her side, her head tingled. And when Katniss took his earlobe gently between her lips and worried it until he blissfully moaned, Peeta felt himself come to life. She felt it too but didn't say one word. Her focus was his whole body, doing whatever she could to pleasure him without pain. They'd experienced enough pain for a lifetime. She started with his arms, taking each one by one, brushing her lips along his biceps and then down to his wrists. The soft, golden hairs gracing his forearms stood on end as his hips pushed up from below. She moved down his chest, licking and tugging lightly at each nipple, watching them rise to small little peaks. He caressed her cheek as she feasted on his body, nuzzling down to his abdomen. "Katniss, you're tormenting me," he sighed, watching her through hooded eyes. She relished the feel of his downy trail brushing against her chin, and as the fine hairs became coarser, she felt her mouth watering. She gingerly removed his pajama pants, pushing them down to his knees. She wrapped her small hand around his cock and engulfed the tip in her mouth, moaning as she savored his taste. His hand found the back of her head and pushed her, encouraging her to take him fully. He bucked his hips reflexively, wanting more. She teased her tongue around the rim and along the thin skin stretching tightly on the underside. She finally gave him what he'd wanted and collapsed her mouth all the way down his length, milking him orally and manually until she suddenly popped off and pounced from the bed. She pulled his pants down completely before removing her own nightgown and underwear. Peeta sat up on his elbows basking in the view of his wife, fully nude in front of him. That contentment he'd thought he'd never feel again was back, and he was so very thankful. "You're so beautiful, Mrs. Mellark. Come here," he said, patting his lap. "Let's see if you still know how to ride." She chewed her nail, a naughty grin forming on her lips, as she climbed atop his legs again. He fondled her breast with one hand as the other moved between her legs, but to his surprise, she was already slick and warm. "Katniss, you do love me, don't you?" "Yes, Mr. Mellark. I told you I will always love you," she mewled as she sank down onto him, his girth stretching her slowly, unlike the recent nights of such forceful entry. She moved languidly, rising up to his thick head, squeezing her pelvic muscles, then sliding back down to his darker patch of blond hair cushioning her descent. She performed this maneuver repeatedly until his legs began to tremor, and his cock spasmed inside her. Everytime he tried to place his fingers on her sex, she'd moved his hand back to her waist so he could enjoy the sight of his erection disappearing inside of her as she pumped above him. She knew he reveled in the image of their connection and wanted to reinforce this moment in his memory. But now that she knew he was about to blow, she placed her finger on his lips. He sucked on it hungrily before she used that same digit to stroke herself off, his saliva serving as lubrication. Peeta was teetering on the edge of ecstasy, his chest tight and breathing shallow as he took in the vision of his wife swirling the pads of her fingertips on her clitoris as his dick slid in and out. He knew he was about to erupt, but he felt her squeezing him so tightly, his eyes practically rolled back in his head. His mouth opened widely as he bellowed through his orgasm, cursing as the milky fluid shot into her. Katniss leaned back, propping herself on one hand while deftly massaging her sensitive nub with the other. Her movements were swift as she pulsated around him. She couldn't see any more, her eyes shut so tightly that rays of multicolored light appeared before her. As her climax rocked within her body and the pleasure seeped out from her onto his groin, she released such a high pitched wail, one might have thought she was sobbing. Her physical release was matched by such intense emotions that she collapsed on top of his sturdy chest, whimpering as her breathing normalized. "Shh," he whispered, lightly threading his fingers through her silky onyx mane. "It's okay. We're going to survive this." She sensed his penis softening inside her but didn't want to let him go. "It's just that I was so scared I'd lost my dandelion for good. Promise me you'll share anything that's troubling you again, alright?" "I promise," Peeta said, kissing her nose and grasping the clock when he saw a ray of light flash through Katniss' hair. "Five already?" he whined. "We've been up half the night, and now I need to get to the bakery." Katniss scooted closer, frowning as he slipped out from her, and kissed him delicately. "I think you deserve a morning off, don't you?" Peeta scooped her up into his arms so she would rest her head on his chest. She felt the vibrations as he laughed. "That sounds tempting. I'm so exhausted, and Aster was planning to come in early today." "Then it's done," Katniss exclaimed, curling into his warm torso even more. "Peeta... did you really draw a picture of me when I was a little girl?" "Yes, I did. Your two braids were swinging back and forth while you skipped home with Prim." Peeta smiled at the memory. "I tacked it up in my office." Katniss beamed widely. "I'm so excited to see it. Let's get some sleep, have breakfast, and then I'll help you organize all those pictures and papers... together?" "Together."