and press it to the book page, and read the device. As per usual, I step into a crowd with the other sixteen-year-olds, including Katniss. Per usual, the mayor walks up to a podium to give some boring speech about Panem that—of course—mentions nothing about Erebor or any of the mountains. Then, the escort for the District 12 tributes, Effie Trinket, pretty much struts up to the podium, sporting an incredibly outrageous pink wig, piled high with huge curls. She wears a red coat with various odd baubles covering it, and a black skirt and heels. Her pale skin looks almost pink with all the makeup applied, and she speaks in an incredibly annoying voice. "Welcome, everyone! Time to decide which courageous young man and woman shall represent your District in the Seventy-forth Annual Hunger Games!" …Just shut up already, none of us cares. We know that District 12 is gonna lose. As usual. "Well, ladies first, I suppose!" she trills into the microphone. She walks over to a glass bowl that is filled with names. She sticks her gloved hand in and makes a swirling motion as she finally plucks a name out. She pulls the tab out and clears her throat, before saying, "Primrose Everdeen!" Shit. No… no, it can't be… this is her first Reaping, that's not possible… "Those fucks…" I growl out. I know what Katniss is going to do now. As soon as Prim starts walking up to the stage, she pushes her way through the crowd and yells, "I volunteer!" she practically screams it, then calms down and says, "I volunteer as tribute." I can't let Katniss go in alone… I have to do this. My family can easily survive without me, and Gale's an apt enough hunter to feed his family and Prim and Katniss's mom… I clench my fists tightly and force a swallow, glaring daggers at the ground. Part of me wants to pull the knives from my boots and murder the Peacekeepers, but let's face it—even the natural warriors of Erebor couldn't fight them all, let alone an almost-natural warrior. "What's your name, dear?" Effie Trinket asks Katniss, pulling her up to the microphone. "Katniss Everdeen." She chokes out, barely audible. "Everdeen? I'll bet that she was your sister, eh?" Trinket says. Katniss merely nods. "Well, I'm sure you'll make her proud," she says in a not at all sincere tone; she moves over to a bowl opposite the girls'. "Now for the boys!" she cries. Doesn't matter. I'm going anyway. She does the same circular motion before plucking out a name. She reads: "Peeta Mellark!" Nope. "I volunteer." I call, pushing my way through the crowd. "Two volunteers? What a surprise!" Effie calls with an excited trill. "Get your damn hands off me," I growl, shrugging off the Peacekeepers' grip as they begin to escort me up to the stage. They glare at me slightly, but allow me to go on. "What's your name?" "I am Hadrian Marlowe, and I will thank you not to touch me," I add with a pointed glare, jerking my arm out of her grip. "Mm, touchy, I see." She says with an amused smirk. Katniss looks at me like, "What the hell?!" I just shake my head at her and mouth, "We'll talk later." "Here you are, District 12! Here are your tributes!" Instead of the cheers and applause our escort expects, as Katniss steps forward, the people of District 12 press their middle, index and pointer fingers to their lips and hold them toward her. It's a sign of goodbye. Effie pulls me forward to end the awkwardness, and instead of the action, my family begins to sing. The king beneath the mountains, The king of carven stone, The lord of silver fountains Shall come into his own. I know this song. My mother used to sing this to me all the time as a child… soon the entirety of the District joins them. His crown shall be upholden, His harp shall be restrung, His halls shall echo golden To songs of yore re-sung They are singing to me… they have faith in me, but not in Katniss? The hell is this?! …Besides, my brother Thrain is first in line to be King… that is if we had a kingdom to rule, and he returns from this latest journey. "Come with me now, dears," Effie Trinket says, grabbing Katniss and I by the arms and pretty much dragging us toward a car. She gets in, then two Peacekeepers force us in and we are driven to the Justice Building. It stands tall and forbidding, with a dark wooden exterior and high, dark windows. Little lights blink in the two topmost windows, giving the impression of eyes, and the double doors stand wide open like the gaping maw of a giant beast. Or a dragon. You're loving my little Hobbit references, aren't you? Effie sits chatting the whole ride, mostly about the Capitol and asking questions about us—which I promptly do not answer. Katniss and I do not speak. She does not look at me. Thank you for reading the first chapter! I hope you enjoyed it, and if you did, please leave a review, possibly favourite and follow, because it gives me inspiration to keep writing it! No hates/flames will be accepted, so just good reviews or constructive criticism! I hope you have an excellent day/night, whatever it is! ~Jordan P.S.: If any of you want to know about Master of the Rangers or Fire Emblem: Bond of Brothers ( a co-op on Never An Honest Word's page ), I don't have a definite date, but expect some new chapters soon! Yes, even Fire Emblem is still going-you've got to realize how hard it is to coordinate these, even for Fire Emblem ( we all live in the same house! It shouldn't be this hard, but it is! ). A chapter for FE is about 89% done and for Rangers... about 61%.