pleasure in doing this for him, rewarding him for his self-restraint. And when he warned her that he was close, she debated if she wanted to kneel down and take him in or watch his face at that moment when he lost all sense of reason. She opted for the latter. It was a spiritual experience watching Peeta come. It was as if he was giving himself to her, completely vulnerable, repeating his mantra of pleasure, all while she watched and waited. She had an epiphany as his soft breaths fluttered onto her face, as his chest heaved rhythmically, and as he ultimately emptied into her hand. They trusted each other. The connection Katniss had with Peeta after only a month of being together far surpassed anything she'd had with Gale. There were reasons they'd needed each other, but it wasn't the mind-body-soul connection she had with Peeta. So when Peeta came out of his trance and saw Katniss for who she was and what she'd done for him, he cranked off the shower and offered her a towel. They dried each other before he swiftly cradled her in his arms, walked her to his bed, and pounced on top of her to return the favor. Again and again. They didn't make it to the movie that night. Bellies full of pizza and beer, the last thing Katniss and Peeta want to do once they arrive home is have sex. While Peeta takes his shower, Katniss gets back to work unpacking boxes. He asked her to move in on their third "monthiversary," as he called it. She had been spending so much time with him as it was, she thought it was the most logical step. She gave notice, and before her rent was due, she was out and unpacking in Peeta's bedroom. Their bedroom. If she thinks about it too much, doubts trickle into her mind, but she replaces those feelings with her friend's wise words. Use your instincts. She takes a cleansing breath and continues her task, placing sweaters and jeans and undergarments in the drawers Peeta had cleaned out for her to use. She looks around the room and smiles. This is her home now, and she doesn't wish to be anywhere else. Katniss awakens with hands roaming all over her body and warm breath wafting over her breasts and tummy. She stretches, her arms over her head and toes pointed as Peeta explores every inch of her. Her hand rests on his shoulder, caressing it lovingly as he pulls down the thin bit of silky fabric keeping him away from his goal. "Good morning to you, too," she says with a giggle. "Making up for the time we lost yesterday?" Peeta huffs, "In the future, remind me not to fill up with pizza and beer when I'm horny for you, okay?" "How do you know that wasn't intentionally planned?" she teases as her fingers rake through his messy blond waves. "Would you really deny yourself of this if you could have it?" Peeta spreads her legs and swipes his tongue up her middle, paying more attention to her clit, sucking and licking it until she moans in agreement. Arching her hips up to meet his face, she relents. "No, I would never deny myself of you." She feels his smile after her confession and is quickly rewarded with his fingers filling her up. Cries and whimpers of pleasure drip from her lips as he does his best work on her below. Alternating the flat of his tongue with the flick of her nub while pushing his fingers in and out deftly, Peeta relishes in her surrender to him. When he first began giving Katniss pleasure this way, she was timid and had difficulty letting go. But now she trusts him, just as he trusts her, and knows her vulnerability is also her strength. He loves seeing the two sides of his girlfriend, the unrelenting Camping and Hunting Specialist and the one that crumbles helplessly under his tongue. So when her grip tightens on his short locks of hair and her pelvis writhes in quick motions, he knows he's succeeded again. And as her liquid honey flows into his mouth, he savors it for its flavor and for what it means to Katniss: pure abandon, absolute surrender, and undeniable love. He moves on top of her, running his fingers through her unplaited hair as she slowly opens her eyes and smiles lazily. He wraps her legs around him and slips in. He never tires of the feeling of her warm walls clenching tightly around him as he slides in and out. He laughs as she tries her best to grab his ass, and when she's successful in reaching it, she squeezes and gives him a firm smack. He swears he gets harder when she does. She feels him swell inside, teasing her with the head of his cock as he thrusts shallowly at first and then penetrates deeply. She could do this all day, him being on top of her, in her, controlling every sound and movement coming from her body. But as he pumps and she sees his blue eyes clouding over, his movements becoming more erratic, that's her sign to lift herself at the perfect angle so they can finish as one. Together. As the sweaty couple lie side by side, her head resting on his chest, he strokes her hair exactly how she likes and asks, "So what should we do for our fourth monthiversary today?" Katniss chuckles at his silliness while her fingers play with the soft hair on his chest. "We could teach each other our trade. You could show me how to bake bread to make the perfect sandwich, and I'll show you how to shoot an arrow." Peeta kisses the top of her head and nods in agreement. "I like it. The Sandwich Artist and The Camping and Hunting Specialist. Who would have thought we would make a perfect pair?"