in front of him. "Everyone thinks I should be over it by now since it's been two years, but she was my family. My home." Peeta wraps his arm around her shoulder and takes her over to the sofa to sit next to him as she continues her story. "After she died, my mom lost all ability to care for herself. I tried, Peeta, I did. She was too much for me to handle. And I'm young. I want a life. I had to put her in a full-time care facility. My mom and Prim were the only family I had after daddy died." He brings her in closer to his chest and brushes his lips on the top of her head. Her charcoal strands are like satin on his lips. "What about Gale? He was like your brother, wasn't he?" "He was, and still is, but he's creating his own family now." Katniss delights in the closeness she feels with Peeta, who before this week was a relative stranger. But was he? Maybe they were better friends than she realized. Maybe she just hadn't paid close enough attention. She looks up at him. "Remember Madge Undersee, the mayor's daughter? They were married last year and are now expecting a baby. They don't need my drama in their lives." "I was distraught, losing it. I had nothing–nothing that felt like home," Katniss admits, "and I heard that you were here doing really well. I remembered how kind you were to my family whenever we were in need." Katniss pulls away from Peeta's arm and places both of her small hands on his chest. "I came here for you. To find some piece of my former existence. To find someone to remind me of home." She shakes her head, holding back her tears. "But when I found you, you had changed. Going home with loose women, getting drunk, being so materialistic with your fancy clothes and hundred dollar bills, as if money could buy you happiness. So I was crushed." Peeta empathizes with Katniss, but anger rises as red in his cheeks as she shoots one judgment after the next. He stands and paces, trying desperately not to blow up at her. He looks at her, rage behind his blue eyes. "You don't even know me. You came to find me expecting a perfectly wrapped package waiting for you?" Katniss slouches back into the sofa as he rants. "I'm not that stuttering boy anymore. I'm a grown man learning how to make a living and get through this world without my family nearby. Delly's been so helpful, and she's here as my best friend, but I miss home so much sometimes." He looks down, picking nervously at his nails. "But I know it's not in my best interest to return there. It only causes me misery." He peers at Katniss through his blond eyelashes, a faint smile painting his lips. "But then one night, I thought I heard you singing. It was like a miracle. Like someone had answered my prayers." The calm settles within him as his eyes fog over with emotion. Katniss relaxes into the sofa as she listens. "But I wasn't sure it was you. I had to be certain. So I followed you when I saw you on the street that day. I noticed how poorly you were living and only wanted to help." "Come here, Peeta. Sit next to me?" Katniss pats the cushion for him, and he complies. Grinning his pearly whites, Peeta confesses to her, "I remember the mad crush I had on you growing up. But I know it's silly… silly to bring up old childish feelings." Katniss' fingers graze Peeta's cheek. She remembers feeling a flutter when he would greet her in the bakery years ago. She had never understood it then, but she begins to have an idea now as the blond stubble on his jaw lightly tickles the palm of her hand. Peeta savors her touch, closing his eyes to enjoy that pure moment. He's never felt like this with anyone before. "Katniss," he says under his breath, "what do you want from me?" He tries to count the delicate freckles that grace her nose and cheeks as she responds, "I want to get to know you. I want to know the little things about you. Like–" she breaks momentarily, contemplating her next sentence. "Like how you take your tea." She looks down to his shoes. "Like how you tie your shoelaces." He feels her hand tickling the hairs at the nape of his neck. His heart pounds under the heat of her gaze. She moves in closer to him, the space diminishing with every word. "And other things, like how you sleep–if you sleep on the right or left side of the bed." She leans in for a soft kiss on his lips. He's surprised by her boldness, but she keeps on, her lips hovering over his. "Like what do you wear to sleep–pajamas or absolutely nothing," she says thickly, pulling his bottom lip for another taste. "Or if you like to sleep with the windows closed or open." "Open," he says in a rumbling whisper. His hands cup her cheeks as he pulls her in for a passionate kiss. His desire is too strong to hold back any longer. Their lips seek answers to so many questions, questions left unanswered for years. His tongue finds hers, becoming one with the miner's daughter with the unearthly voice. Katniss had always been adventurous and bold, but when it came to men, she was usually very shy. So as Peeta kisses her, she knows coming here was the right decision. As his tongue swirls around hers, and the air from his nose puffs warmly on her face, she feels like there's no other place she'd rather be. The taste of sugar on his lips, the cinnamon from his tongue, the smell of fresh baked cookies from the kitchen. This is home.