full of excitement. I smile. "Yes, ready." He pulls the cloth, and my first reaction to the painting is one of shock. "Oh my!" I stare at the canvas then glance out his window. I walk away from the painting and over to that large pane of glass. I run my fingers along the edge of the velvety red drapes that acted as a shield between us. "How long have you known? You've been working on this for a while, haven't you?" He carefully approaches me. "I've known for the last couple weeks. I couldn't help but stare back, but you didn't seem to notice. You always appeared lost, looking for something out your window." His hand finds its way to my shoulder and tracks down the length of my arm to grasp my hand. "C'mon, tell me what you see. Tell me if you like it." He positions my body in front of the large canvas. "It's me. My hair is down, and I'm sipping my tea. It's from your perspective, through your window into mine. This is what you saw?" I turn to him. He nods. "Your eyes were the most challenging, but I think I got the right hue. Do you agree?" I move closer to the painting, amazed by his talent and his ability to capture my emotions. I never knew I looked so sad, so lost. "My eyes are perfect. You're a true artist, Peeta." "Thank you. It was a passion project, so I put much more care into getting it right." I feel his breath on my neck as he moves closer behind me. "What were you searching for?" What was I searching for? "Happiness, contentment... I don't know." I turn to face him. His sky blue eyes fill me with hope. "You." His paint covered hand frames my jaw and pulls me forward. His soft pink lips part slightly as he presses gently on mine. I reach up to pull on his short blonde locks as my tongue nudges past his lips to have a taste. He breaks contact and murmurs onto my mouth, "Thank you for finding me." I clutch his body and push myself closer as he envelops me with his strong arms. My lips run along his jaw and down his neck. I want to explore everything there is to discover about Peeta. "We found each other," I reply between kisses. "Will you take as good care of me as you did with that painting?" He releases me from his hold and moves to the window. His hands close the red drapes with a quick flick of the wrists, and the sunshine disappears save a beam of light coming from his kitchen. "I will handle you with the most delicate care, Katniss. Like mixing a batch of biscuits, it's important to be gentle enough to keep them moist and tender." His eyes bore into mine, communicating messages that I cannot hear but clearly understand. "Are you comparing me to biscuits now?" I giggle as he lays me down on his long velvety sofa. His hands roam under my shirt as he hums, "Mmhmm," into my neck. "You're soft and delicate, yet hearty and delicious." He nibbles on my shoulder as I slip my fingers below the waistband of his jeans. He pulls my shirt up as his face burrows under it and litters kisses all over my tummy and chest. His dexterous fingers unclasp the latch of my bra and expose my breasts just as his mouth descends to it. I'm in a state of bliss; the significance of the moment overwhelms me. I'm with Peeta. Finally. Clothes are shed, bodies connect, and tongues roam from one spot to the next. There's no place I'd rather be than right here, right now. As I feel him inside me, stretching me and claiming me as his, I think about how he knew what I needed from the start. He observed and waited until I discovered my own truth. For all I know, he may have even seen Gale pack up his truck this morning. He never asked me about him. He knew. As my orgasm swells, I know I made the right choice. We fit together perfectly; we're complementary. Just how Peeta explained the color wheel; we're the perfect match. Opposites pair for the best combinations - my olive skin with his pink flesh, my grey eyes with his bright blue, my dark straight hair with his blonde wavy strands. My body feels more alive than it has in years under his pressure. The warmth collects in my pelvis as the pulsing intensifies. I consume his rapid thrusts, inviting him to climax by squeezing him tightly and rocking my hips with his. He wraps my leg up around his bottom as his movements become more erratic. He huffs and pants between breaths. "Katniss, you are amazing. I've only dreamt of this..." His mouth finds my shoulder as he locks down on it during his detonation. The pleasurable pain from the bite spurs my body to follow. We both pour into one another as our voices emit the most naughty and blissful sounds. We hold our mutual embrace for several minutes as our breathing slows, heart beats normalize, and bodies quiver. The sounds of his pleasure satisfy me in ways I never imagined. I look up at the ceiling and realize I'm no longer waiting for my partner to be finished. I never want this to end. "Peeta…" He lifts himself up to look at me. "Yes, Katniss." I love how he says my name. He can say it every minute of every day. "I love that painting." He chuckles. "I'm glad. How do you feel?" How do I feel? Happy, content, satisfied, hopeful - so many things right now. "I'm happy you found me, Peeta." "Remember? We found each other." He winks and captures my lips with his again. Bless those red curtains. Bless those curtains that led me to Peeta.