hurt me, and it's only going to be one more week." His gaze drifts back to me, and he relaxes. "Sorry about my temper, but if Finnick really knew what Cato did, he wouldn't dare tease us like that." "I'm sure he doesn't know. Probably just some rumors that got twisted out of context." I smile at Peeta, taking in his handsome countenance. "Let's have a nice evening so you'll leave in a good mood. Okay?" "Okay," he agrees. He looks over toward the crowd by the karaoke machine. "Let's make fun of Johanna singing Girls Just Wanna Have Fun ." As the night winds down, Peeta pulls me aside. "Listen, my parents will be here soon. I want you to meet them, but I think I'll be pushing it if I introduce you to them right now. Do you mind if we say our goodbyes here?" I curl my arms around his neck, my fingers raking through the short hairs at his nape. "I don't mind at all. I would be a terrified wreck if I had to meet your parents right now." He cups my jaw, caressing my cheek with his thumb as he so often does. He doesn't kiss me but examines my face, his eyes flitting from one feature to another as if he's trying to store me in his memory. And I hate to admit that I'm doing the same to him. This is so much more difficult than I anticipated, and I tell him so. "We'll see each other soon. I mean, if you still want me and you allow it," he says with a tone of uncertainty. I run my finger along his eyebrows and down his nose, smiling at the way his brow crinkles as I finish. "Of course I'll allow it. Let's take it one step at a time. We can do this, right?" Now my eyes fill up, and I tell myself to hold back, to wait until he leaves so I can weep alone in my room. He leans down and presses his lips to mine, lingering and sucking my bottom lip while I loll my head back into his palm. My mouth is open to him as he gives me one last taste of his tongue, solid and sweet like him. We stay in our heated embrace for several minutes, kissing like it's the last time we'll be together, and it's only when we hear some scuffling of the residents that we reluctantly part. "Can I walk you up?" he asks. I want him to walk me up and stay all night, but that can't happen. Not yet. "You don't know how badly I want that, but it will be easier for both of us if I walk up alone." He drops his head and nods. "Okay, so be it. Damn, Katniss, I don't want to leave you." He envelops me in his arms tightly, mumbling into my hair that he swears it will be the last time... just one last time. "Stop it. You're going to make me cry, and I promised myself I wouldn't. At least not here in front of everyone." "Okay, I'm sorry." He walks backward and blows me a kiss. "Goodnight." I take a step back toward the stairs and issue the same wish, "Goodnight, Peeta. Sweet dreams." I blow him a kiss as well, and he catches it, making me smile one last time before I turn and bound up the stairs. It's like pulling off a bandaid; I had to do it or he would have never left. Once in my room, I close the door behind me and sink to the floor, blubbering like a child. I honestly don't know how long I remain in this position, but when I finally run out of tears, I prop myself up to sit on my bed. "What's this?" I wonder out loud, holding a furry brown bear in front of me. There's a ribbon around his neck with a handwritten tag: Here's a bed buddy for you since blondie had to go. I called him Blight, but you can name him whatever you like. Your friend, Jo I smile through more tears, never realizing that Johanna had a heart in her until recently. I lie on my side, holding Blight close to me. "Well buddy, looks like it's just you and me." As I roll onto my back to stare at the ceiling, I feel something crinkle under the sheets. I sit up and peel back the covers to find a large folded paper with Peeta's writing. In his script, it reads: Katniss, This is how I see you. Love, Peeta. I unfold the paper to find it was protecting the first pencil drawing he sketched of me under our oak tree. That was the first time I actually thought I could be beautiful, and he left it for me with a caption: Never forget. I flop back onto my pillow, hugging Blighty and tracing those words with my finger over and over. The soft knock on my door gives me a momentary rush. 'Come in," I say hopefully. Finnick pops his head in, "You okay?" "Yeah, thanks." "I hope you know I was only joking with you guys earlier. Just to, you know, make it lighter. I know how hard it is to leave someone you love." He looks away like he's trying to shake off a bad memory. "But I'm here if you need someone to help." "Thanks, Finn. I appreciate it." His lips curve slightly as he says goodnight and closes the door. I consider his words— someone you love— and wonder if it's at all possible. I grab the paper with Peeta's note and stare at his words: Love, Peeta. "What do you think, Blighty?" I chuckle as I tilt his head in agreement. My thoughts are interrupted with the nightly call of lights-out from the hallway. "Lights out, buddy," I sigh as I switch off my lamp.