her. She randomly pinches her nipples, twists her hair above her head, and rests back on her arms all while riding Peeta's mouth. "Katniss, give me the oil." Panting now and so close to coming again, she takes the bottle and drops it next to him while trying to remain upright. He's able to continue licking, nibbling, and probing while he blindly pours some oil onto Katniss' low back, just above the crease of her bottom. He caps the bottle and tosses it aside, then dips his fingers in the oil. He trails the oil down her crease and traces further in to give her even more stimulation. He brings her bottom forward so he can circle her with his tongue. She chants his name repeatedly, "Peeta, Peeta, oh Peeta," as her body dances above him. Her sweet, musky scent covers him fully now so that Peeta can't hold back anymore. He removes his pants quickly and takes his hardened length in his hand. He strokes himself as Katniss writhes on top of him while spouting off words he only hears from her during sex. Her body quakes and more fluid rains in his mouth. The intensity of their lovemaking increases as her eyes shut tightly with only sporadic looks down to watch Peeta giving her orgasm after orgasm. Katniss is close to exhaustion when her final wave hits. She feels her stomach tighten and clench, the nerves between her legs throb, and her entrance has nothing to squeeze. Her pussy feels like a vise with nothing to grip. "I need you, Peeta, now!" He knows exactly what she means and he wants to act quickly. Peeta can tell she's spent, so he rolls her onto her back quickly and slides in. She smiles and sighs, "Ah, that's it, just what I need." I need you . Peeta remembers Katniss' words spoken so long ago. At the time when he felt his life was disposable, Katniss stepped up. She needed Peeta. She admitted it. At the time, Peeta wasn't sure if she was caught up in the moment or trying to please him, but now he knows better. They need each other and always have. Katniss wants him to come undone with her. She is wrapped up in his love tonight and wants him to feel what she feels. She tightens her legs around his waist and raises her hips to take more of him. His thrusts slow to a moderate pace. He hovers over her by supporting himself on his forearms so that his face is only an inch above hers. "You are my world, Katniss." She gasps as she feels his length enter her slowly. He hits her at all the right spots, lighting her insides up as if she's aflame. His gaze intensifies as he readies himself for orgasm. He buries his face into the crook of her neck and groans as he comes inside her. The feeling of her ignited walls squeezing him tightly as he pulsates within is beyond compare. They hold their embrace for some time before releasing, and Peeta flops onto his back. They're both tired and sweaty but smiling wide grins as they gaze at one another. Still on her high, Katniss rolls to her side and strokes Peeta's strong chest. "I love you. You know that, right?" He reaches up to push the stray hairs from her face. "I know you do. But do you know why you'll love me even more?" She shakes her head, a grin forming as she wonders what other surprises he has in store for her. "I made you shortbread cookies for dessert. Give me a minute." Peeta jumps out of bed, puts on his pajama bottoms, and heads to the kitchen to make some tea. Katniss, covered in her silky robe, joins Peeta in the kitchen and pushes herself onto the counter while they wait for the water to boil. "Can I have a cookie while we wait? You made me work up an appetite for something sweet." She winks and takes the cookies from his hand. She gives the cookies a second glance as she reads what's painted on them. The cookies he hands her are not the beautiful floral ones. They have words painted on them, just like his wedding proposal cookies. She chuckles to herself wondering how he was able to wait so long before asking her the big question she knew he had to be thinking about all day. "Real" and "Not Real" the cookies read. "Are we still playing this game, Peeta?" She laughs, trying to delay the inevitable answer he's dying to know. He moves in front of her, his hands circling her back as she looks down to him from her high perch on the counter. "Well, I know one of your appointments today was a visit to the medic. Are you going to tell me, or do I have to pry it out of you?" Katniss inspects the cookies in her hands and asks, "Should I eat the wrong one and show you the correct one or the other way around?" "However you want. I'll leave it to you." Peeta has anticipated this conversation all day, but now he's a nervous wreck. "Just tell me already, Katniss." She pops a cookie in her mouth and lifts the other one for him to see. Her wide grin should be his answer, but he wants to see it with his own eyes. "Real? Real!" Peeta exclaims as he reads the cookie his wife holds out for him. "Oh, Katniss, baby, I'm so happy." He bends forward and kisses her stomach. "I can't wait to see if it's a girl or a boy. Are you okay with this?" Katniss becomes quieter, shifting to a more serious mood. "I'm terrified, but excited. We need to create a new family, just for us. And we're in this together, right?" Peeta closes on her lips, gives a soft kiss, and murmurs, "Yes, together."