her had been at the beginning of that blasted tour. That had been three months ago. Haymitch focused on her milky shoulders. He kissed them carefully, methodically, with unprecedented care. Effie was in the mood for talking. He did not want to argue. It felt too good for her to storm out in the middle of what they were doing. "I don't want you to die. I don't want Katniss to die either." She looked about to cry. The man did the only thing he could. He kissed her deeply, shutting her at last. Effie's tongue met his. She wanted to speak but he didn't let her. He exploded inside of her, with Effie calling out to him. She reached her climax, and kissed the side of his face gently. This was new, so very uncharacteristic of her. She was not one to linger but this time she pulled him back and to her chest. "You will have to train. Peeta wants to start training you and Katniss immediately." She frowned when he rolled his eyes. "Do not roll your eyes Haymitch Abernathy." "I know I have to train Princess but what is most important now is for Katniss to form alliances and for you to network. We need all the sponsors we can get. You need to work with the boy and have him milk his love for Katniss as much as he can." She perked a little. "We are a team. We'll make sure those kids live." She used her most serious voice. That voice annoyed him the most. He nodded. The next thing he knew Effie was fast asleep by his side. They arrived to the Capitol early in the morning. Effie was her usual self, hurrying, tsking, and annoying everyone especially Katniss and him. Peeta was becoming a close second in his list of people to avoid. The boy pulled him aside when he inched close to the open bar. "We have a week and a half. You are a drunk. Your body will go through withdrawal for a couple of days. We have to make sure you are at your best." Haymitch had never actually attempted to stay sober. It did not hold any appeal to him whatsoever. Nor did he plan to start any time soon. It had been hell on him, the last time anyone imposed sobriety on him. He made his views very clear to Peeta then. "No." Peeta did not move away from him. "But you will. You volunteered. It should have been me in that arena with her." The boy looked angry once again. "What purpose will it serve if I was sober? Katniss can take care of herself. She will outlast us both. She is a survivor." "You'll be dead weight for her. You'll slow her down. She will worry about you. Katniss will become distracted and I can't have that." Haymitch wanted to believe Peeta cared about him. This was not the same boy who baked him bread and made sure he was alive. He was a young mind with only one goal. Keep Katniss alive. "No more alcohol." Peeta grabbed the bottle from his hand and threw it across the room. Haymitch closed in on him until Effie appeared out of nowhere. "Hurry along, we have a tight schedule to follow. Now, now Peeta, come along dear. You have got to meet Plutarch. He's the head Gamemaker. I am sure he will sympathize with your plight to keep Katniss safe." She grabbed Peeta and bustled around him. Haymitch grabbed a bottle from the cabin and drank from it. Katniss and her prep team were already in the pent house. Effie and Peeta were to go there too. Haymitch followed them from a safe distance. He felt somebody tap his shoulder. The man turned violently and came face to face to one Plutarch Heavensbee. "Walk with me Mr. Abernathy." Haymitch did so. He had been intrigued since he received the box from the man. "It was almost heroic what you did for Peeta. You volunteered for the boy. You shouldn't have." The man said with an air of unimportance. Heavensbee led him to his quarters. "What is the purpose of this?" "Don't play dumb Haymitch. I know you can feel it. The tour, the masses are unhappy. There is a revolution coming and we have the face of it. "Katniss." Haymitch said. "The Mockingjay." Plutarch replied. "She is the face. These games, they have gone long enough. It is time. We can stop this." Haymitch laughed. This was not the first time someone approached him about a revolution. The Capitol was incredibly adept at squashing such uprising. This Quarter Quell was a clear example. Snow wanted Katniss dead. She was getting too big, too strong for all the wrong reasons. "You have no resources, no power to start a revolution. The districts are not powerful enough. The Capitol had control over all of them. Not to mention districts 2 and 1 will never rebel against the Capitol." Haymitch went to the liquor cabinet and poured two glasses of whiskey. "Now, I say you help me. Katniss wins these games and she marries Peeta. The Capitol is happy and Snow is happy. No more insubordination, just Katniss and Peeta, perfect love story." Plutarch shook his head. "I thought you had more spine. Let me show you something." The man moved to one of his monitors, a hidden one behind his desk. "This is District 13." Haymitch saw pictures of deserted lands and then swiped the pictures to find underground bases. People, survivors, Haymitch grew up with stories of the Dark Days and how District 13 rebelled. The Capitol bombed the land until there was nothing more. "Impossible." He couldn't hide his disbelief. "Very possible my friend. The revolution will start. What do you say Haymitch?" In that very second he made a quick snap decision. He raised his glass and sealed his fate. "To the Mockingjay and the revolution."