grieving – time to be strong. "You're a lot stronger than last year." "I hope it'll be enough," I say, as if we're talking about studying for a big test in school. "You're stronger than they are, we know that." Exactly what Gale said last year... "We'll all be rooting for you to beat them." I'm about to thank her when her voice softens and she adds, "I wish there was more we could do to help." "Maybe there will be..." I start to say ominously, thinking of the impending rebellion, before my train of thought detours and my voice trails off. It's a bit ironic that I now find myself wishing there was something I could do for Madge to make up for my jealousy. She deserves more than a few fleeting words of friendship. She deserves... The idea hits me at the same moment as my fear that our time must be almost up. "Madge," I ask, "could you do me a favor?" "Anything!" she answers immediately, of course. I've already made Haymitch promise to protect Peeta, Gale to take care of Prim, my mother to help take care of little Posy, Vick, and Rory. It seems appropriate that I now ask Madge, "Take care of Gale for me." Madge starts as the implications of what I'm asking sink in. She needs a few seconds to collect herself before she says, "I would if I could, but you know he'll never let me." "He will," I say confidently. "How do you know?" Madge asks sincerely. "Gale has some crazy ideas in his head right now," I explain (like thinking he's in love with me), "but things will be different soon. When this is all over, you're both going to need someone. If I know you have each other, it'll be one more thing to give me hope when I'm in that arena." "You mean that?" Madge asks in disbelief. "Of course I do," I say, and I truly do. "You two deserve each other, Madge. Don't give up on him yet. He's going to need you. You can give him what I never could. He just needs to realize that." Madge shakes her head, still unconvinced. "I can never give him what he wants. I'm not you." "He'll forget about me," I say, but Madge shoots me a look that instantly makes me rephrase. "He'll move on eventually. When he stops looking for me, he'll realize what he was really looking for was right in front of him the whole time. He's too smart not to see that, right?" "I hope so," Madge says, obviously involuntarily. "Please take care of him for me, Madge," I repeat. "It could never have been me, no matter what. It always should have been you." There's a long pause, but Madge finally says, "I'll do my best, Katniss." "Promise me," I almost beg. "I promise I'll love him," she assures me. "I'll be there for him. I'll do whatever I can. I'll try." "I know you will," I say hopefully. The abrupt change in expression on her face tells me we both hear the sound in the hall at the same time. We quickly embrace again and hold on with all our might. When the Peacekeeper opens the door, there is no sign of tears or grief as we pull apart. Madge waits until the man is less than a foot behind her to take a step away from me. "Good luck, Katniss," she says before he ushers her towards the door. "Good luck, Madge," I wish her before the door slams shut. Thinking about the people I'll never see again is too painful, and thinking about my mission too overwhelming, so I sustain myself on my walk to the train by building my castles in the air for Madge and Gale. I know I will die in that arena, that Peeta will have to live on without me, but maybe the two of them can still live happily ever after. The new addition to the graveyard looks much less intimidating in the spring sunlight. Instead of turning around in tears like I did last night, I manage to walk all the way through the entrance, my right fist clasped tightly around the bouquet of white lilies, my left around Peeta's hand. There are so many new graves to visit, but we decided to take them one at a time – one each day – for now. Peeta leads me to the one I wanted to visit first. We stop in front of two headstones – one a double monument for the husband and wife buried together underneath, the other for their daughter. The mockingjay I requested is carved beautifully into the front of hers. I originally wanted it to be a mirror image of the golden bird pinned to her dress when she was finally laid to rest, but a certain young man suggested it should be positioned with its head erect and its wings fully extended in flight, and I'm glad I didn't object. It takes a while for me to tear my eyes away from the name and stoop down to place the flowers against the stone. It's only as I do so that I notice someone has sprinkled bluebell petals over the ground and left a wreath of wild flowers from the meadow leaning against the front of the headstone. I smell the faint scent of pine, strawberries, and fish in the air and realize these were left by someone who just returned from the woods. I find some consolation in the fact that he was here even before I was. I lay my bouquet beside the wreath and let the tears fall. I feel Peeta's strong arm around my shoulders, holding me up. I survived, she didn't – I'm here with him, the two of us living on together, and she's gone forever, forcing another to live on without her. It wasn't supposed to happen this way.