buries his face in his arms so his voice is muffled, but I can still make out every terrible word, "he made me suck him off, and he kept talking to me, like it was a totally normal thing to do, like it was something I was supposed to do, and he made me swallow it, and it made me feel so gross, and then he said that he'd have to do Snow another favour once I was officially on the market, and I don't know what that means, but I'm scared because that made me feel so disgusting, and he said that he would see me again soon, and I don't want to see him again soon, but I don't think I have a choice. What if they make me do more stuff like that? What if Snow wants me to do more stuff like that? I don't want to. I don't want to do it." The kid seems to be running out of air, so I decide to try my hand at comforting. I wrap my arm around his shoulder awkwardly, and I flinch as he automatically wraps his arms around me like a vice. He starts sobbing into my shirt, and I settle in for the long haul. After a few minutes, his arms loosen, and he stops shaking. He stays where he is, though. I pat his back awkwardly, and that's obviously the wrong thing to do, because he automatically jerks back. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry." He looks at me, and I can see fear and embarrassment in his face. "I ruined your shirt. I'm really sorry." He doesn't seem to know what to do. "Kid, it's okay. It's not like I wasn't going to ruin it anyway. You gonna be okay?" I regret the question as soon as I ask it, because he seems to take it as some sort of dismissal. "Yeah, I'll be fine. I should probably go... clean up or something." He stands up and goes to the sink to splash some water on his face. I stand up too, eager to get back to Chaff and the liquor so that I don't have to process everything he said. Before I leave, I turn back to where he seems to be filling the sink with water. "You know, we're all in the same boat here. We're all victors. You don't have to be embarrassed about not being able to handle it. That's why we drink. If you ever want to join us, you're welcome to." He smiles. It's different from the other two. It's pained and unsure, but it's real. "Thanks. I'll keep that in mind." I let the door swing shut behind me. I really need a drink. The next day, the boy from 4 dies, and Mags rubs his shoulder, and says something to him, trying to comfort the boy, but the first dead tribute is a hard thing to shake, and he's too young to have learned how. He responds to whatever she said, and she pats his shoulder. He stands up and starts to walk away, and I remember what he said about feeling like a burden to her. Worry is written all over her face as he walks towards the door, and I can tell that he couldn't have been more wrong. I've seen Mags work with a lot of tributes, and I've even seen her work with a new victor before, but I've never seen her act the way she does with Finnick. She's like a poor mother back in 12, only wanting what's best for her child, but knowing that she can't protect him from the horrors of the world. I wave a bottle at him as he gets close to us, "how about that drink, kid?" Chaff gives me a look like I'm crazy but doesn't say anything. Finnick stops in his tracks and looks at me before looking back towards Mags for permission. She's pointedly not looking, leaving the decision up to him. He nods, and I pull up the second chair from my station while Chaff gives him some of the weaker stuff. He winces as it goes down, and I realize that this kid's alcohol tolerance will be much lower than we're used to. I resolve to keep an eye on him. "Was he yours?" The boy nods, still looking at the bottle in his hand. "I knew him from training." He doesn't say anything else, but he doesn't have to. His first tribute is dead. We've been there. I don't know what makes me say it, but I lean towards the two of them, Chaff in his thirties and Finnick still a teenager, and say, "at least he won't have to be a victor." Chaff gives me the same look he gave me when I offered Finnick the drink, but the teen just smiles, small and genuine. Chaff and I start to talk about one of the crazy new foods the Capitol put on our trains, and Finnick chimes in occasionally. He takes a few more sips of his drink, but ultimately decides it isn't for him, much to my relief. He looks spent. After the crying earlier and the strong liquor running through his system, I can't say I'm surprised. He's way too young for all this shit. He looks even younger as his eyes start to droop, and he just looks wrong sitting in the control room surrounded by trained killers, but he's one of us now. It's not right, but this is exactly where he belongs. I catch Mags's eye over his head as he starts to drift off to sleep, and she smiles at me in her sad way. It's not going to be easy, and it's not going to be fun, but this kid is going to make it. She's going to see to that. I hope you guys liked it. Please review with glowing praise or constructive criticism or whatever strikes your fancy.