April Valentine. Apparently, she's 18, but standing there she looks scared and vulnerable. Now the name of the boy, Michael Zabroni. Crap, that's my name. I'm stunned; this isn't supposed to happen, it's not supposed to be this way. I just need them to say that it's the wrong name. Now I'm shaking hands with April and I know it's official. I'm being lead into a back room and my parents come in. They seem so depressed that I feel guilty. My Mom comes and hugs me, and now she's crying. I don't know what I'll have as my token, but apparently my Father does. He pulls out a tiny picture and holds it out to me. I recognize it's a picture of our family, including Bandit, my dog. After my mother has let go he embraces me. They're finally taken away and I'm brought out to a train. I can see lights down the tracks but I feel like going to my room and laying there. That doesn't seem to be the plan, though. I'm brought to a dining room where I'll have to eat with April. After a dinner that seems to take eternity, I go to my room where I look into the mirror. My whole life has changed, but my curly brown hair and brown eyes have stayed the same. I stand there for a while looking and then I quickly strip down to my underwear and slide into bed. Instead of falling asleep, I feel listless laying there, watching the lights outside the window, but eventually I fall asleep. Morgan Ellis, 18, District 7 Many people think I'm shy, but I'm really not. When I'm with my friends or my boyfriend I'm quite outgoing. My boyfriend's name is Matthew, he's a lumberjack. He's in the top ten boys, and I'm in the top ten girls. I hope neither of us gets picked and especially not together, that would totally suck. I wouldn't be able to kill him. Since this is District 7 and we deal with lumber, our stage is made of beautiful cherry wood. I won't mind standing up there, although I wish the circumstances were a bit better. I'm very familiar with all different types of wood, as well as being handy with a an axe, but those are the only things that can help me in the arena. I figure that forming an alliance is my only chance, so that I'll have people to support me and for me to support. Although, I doubt I'll get chosen as a Tribute. I don't think there is anything even remotely interesting about me. I get average grades, I have average work ethic, and I don't even seem mildly bloodthirsty. I'm not even pretty. If I go, I bet I'll be killed in the bloodbath by some Career. I'm headed to the town center with my best bud, Chrissy. She's in the top ten, too. I don't think Chrissy would be sad to go, I'm the only one who would miss her. Her parents died and her aunt hates her. Chrissy's a year younger and has been in a enough fights that I wouldn't be surprised if she won. Well, she's only won one of those fights, but that's more than me. We are now lined up on the stage for the moment of truth and the mayor is opening a golden envelope. The name is, Morgan Ellis. Damn. Bye bye life. Then they call the boy, Lawrence Nightengale, I think he's in my math class at school, but I don't really know him. I don't really think I'll miss life that much, it's very monotonous. I suppose it'll be nice to have my last few days exciting while I try to put off death. I might even make some friends before they kill me. My parents, they will just about die. After Lawrence and I shake hands, I'm taken to a room behind the stage, but I guess there are hidden cameras. My parents come in to say goodbye and it is all very melancholy. Then Chrissy and finally Matthew. Its all very teary and emotional making everyone very sad, but I'm not feeling anything. I don't know if it's the shock or I just don't care. We're of to the train now, me and Larry. I don't know why, but I find the name Larry to be very comical and I think it's helping me to stay straight faced. The train is very plush with delicious looking food, but I'm not very hungry. I just feel like going to bed, and it's the softest bed I've ever seen, but they think I should eat something. Yeah right, tell me I'm as good as dead and then expect me to eat this huge meal. Whatever, I guess they just don't understand. I tuck myself into the warm bed, and stare out the window. The sky looks so beautiful, and I begin to ponder about things. My breath slows and my minds becomes sluggish as sleep overcomes me. "Morgan?" "Yes, Grandmama?" "What do you think life is all about?" "Life's about fun! And candy!" "I suppose five is a little young to be thinking about this... I'll tell you what, in 10-15 years I want you to ask yourself that question again. Really think about it, will you do that?" "Yes, Grandmama, of course." "I love you, honey. I will see you again, but hopefully it will be a great many of years from now." "Grandmama? Grandma?" The old women will move no more and the young girl will run to tell her mother that granny has fallen asleep and won't wake. This last part is a dream memory brought in to Morgan's dream state by stress. It isn't important now, but will be later in the story. I'd like to thank WhyNotDream for editing this, and seeing the things I could not. Go check out her story! Thank you for reading, and please review.