to sleep." "Oh. It must be stuffy in there." She gestures at the bunkhouse and Peeta nods. "Maybe you should sleep outside." "I don't think Haymitch would like that." "No, I suppose not." "Can't you sleep?" he asks and their eyes meet, she holds his gaze and he wonders at his own insolence. "I don't sleep well," she says. "I'm going to get a cold drink. Do you want one?" Peeta shakes his head. "We drink out of the well in the morning." "Ok, good night, then." And, she is gone. He sees her the next day, in the carriage with Mrs Calhoun Senior on their way to pay calls and Peeta stops in the field, straightening his back and pretending to squint into the sun. He wonders at the risk she took coming downstairs last night, her husband must sleep soundly. She seemed like an apparition, covered in weak moonlight, and the image of her stayed before him for much of that restless night. Peeta watches until the carriage disappears through the trees at the end of the driveway. The leather of a whip slashes across his bare calves and a bolt of pain travels up Peeta's back. He turns to see Thread, dark eyes unsmiling, he raises his arm again and Peeta bends down, picking a boll of cotton and rolling it between his fingers before dropping it into a basket. His blond hair glows in the sun, tousled bleached waves dark with sweat around his hairline, perspiration trickling down his back. He wishes he could swim, plunge into the river two fields over with the rest of the boys, let the water cover his face, it must be quiet down, there. He wonders if she can swim. Momma, as she instructed Katniss to call her when she returned from honeymoon, is taking tea with Effie Trinket in order to discuss the end of season ball. No input is required from Katniss so she watches a fly stuck between the window and the screen, butting its head in vain and darting in random directions as if spinning a web. Effie's morning room is white and pink and there is the head of a deer on the wall. Katniss can tell that the eye socket has been reconstructed and a marble placed inside it, and she wonders if this woman in a high lace collar shot the animal cleanly through the eye herself. She doubts it. Effie sits with her back to where it's mounted, maybe she always sits like that in this room, with the creature looking down on her, its tongue protruding slightly from its mouth. Perhaps her husband makes her have it there, watching. It is the kind of thing Cato might do. "I feel like I've been preparing for this since the day after last year's ball," Effie says. Katniss smiles woodenly. Her eyes drift back to the window, the white of a cotton field visible through a gap in the willows. The boy will have sweat running down his back, heat reddening his cheeks, his arms straining, the muscles in his back curling. She remembers the wide eyed gratitude when she threw him those berries, such a small thing. He sleeps every night in that bunk house, pressed against other men, perhaps it makes him feel safe, being part of a unit like that; belonging. Katniss scolds herself inwardly, how can belonging be any consolation for a slave? She sips her iced tea. Effie waves her fingers at the red haired maid who adds two further ice cubes to Katniss' glass. "You look rather flushed, dear." "A newlywed glow," Momma says, her sapphire eyes holding Katniss' for a second too long. Effie launches into a detailed description of the table settings she is having delivered from the Capitol and Katniss struggles to keep her eyelids from drooping. A moment later Momma taps her arm with a fingernail. "I think we should get some air." Katniss blushes and apologises, feeling slightly unsteady as Momma takes her arm. Effie invites them to take a turn around the plantation should they wish, but will be unable to accompany them due to the strength of the sun, which Katniss finds hard to believe could penetrate the powder on her face. Momma's arm is thin through her own, almost frail, belying the poise with which she carries herself. "I find we don't know each other very well, Katniss," she says. "I should like to know you better." Katniss can think of nothing to say, and she squints under the brim of her hat, her eyes meeting the line of trees that she knows mark the edge of Gale's land. There is nothing she trusts herself to tell Mrs Calhoun. The woman knows about her family, knows that Cato provides generously for them, and she has probably guessed about her mother's illness. All of that is history that doesn't bear repeating and she knows for a fact she will never bring it up unless her mother-in-law does first. For a brief moment Katniss feels cushioned by the familiarity of their surroundings, the coolness of the grass tickling her feet through her sandals, and considers asking Momma just what she should expect from marriage, of how to survive it. There is nobody she can ask that question of. "I know that you don't sleep well." Katniss doesn't look at her. "You may wish to try some of my tablets." "Oh, no thank you." Momma stops and Katniss is forced to meet her gaze. "Maybe not yet, but you will need them." Katniss frowns, but Momma's face gives nothing away, her thin lips are painted red and her mouth twists for a brief moment before she begins walking again, slightly ahead. A long strand of silver hair hangs loose from her rigid coif and she carries her hat between her fingers. Katniss knows nothing about her, either, and as her mother-in-law walks into the orchard she thinks she would rather not know.