was her first day and she would probably take a while to leave class and get to the gates. I tapped my foot, anxious, checking my wristwatch every second, my eyes scanning the crowd of students until I saw her familiar head and long braids hesitantly walking to the gates. I let out a breath I didn't know I was holding and waved my hand up in the air so she could see me. She smiled, then, relief clearly written all over her face. She ran over to me, giving me a quick hug when she was close enough. "Hey, little duck. How was your day?" I asked, caressing her cheeks briefly before walking towards our house. "It was good. The teachers were nice." "Good. Did you make any friends?" I was afraid that she hadn't, but I needed to know if she was all alone or if someone was able to keep her company. To my relief, she nodded excitedly. "Yes, I did! Her name is Rue. She's also new to the school." "Oh, yeah? That sounds great. Maybe we could invite her to spend the afternoon whit us when I get a free day from work." I suggested lightly, running my fingers through her long braids. Prim smiled at this, happy enough, and nodded. "Yeah. I hope she says yes." Prim and I chatted about unimportant things on the rest of the way, and I was happy that she seemed calmer than this morning. One last thing to worry about, I thought to myself. When our house came into view, I lightly kissed Prim's cheek and watched as she got inside. I was glad that I had to go to work in the afternoon, because then I wouldn't have to see my mother. I looked at my house for a second longer than necessary before turning around on my heels and going over to the Starbucks in town, my afternoon workplace for at least two years. I had been working for two hours and movement was slow. I had only prepared a few blends and was sitting at a stool by the counter, bored out of my mind, when my cellphone buzzed in my pocket. I picked it up and saw that it was a text message. From Gale. Hey. How was Prim's first day? I was happy for the light subject, and that I didn't have to pretend that things were good and I wasn't still mad with him. Really good. She looks calmer now. She said she made a new friend. I waited for a few seconds until I got his answer, checking it at once. That's good. Told you you had nothing to worry about. I smiled to myself despite my anger. I could perfectly picture Gale's smug smile as he typed the words. Yeah. As always, you're right and I'm wrong. Slow day at work? Gale worked at a sports goods store, doing whatever he needed to do (sometimes acting as a seller, sometimes as the cashier, sometimes storing things at the back of the store. Whatever he was asked to do), but sometimes he got days like I did, when we had too much free time. Yep. You? Same. I just want to get home as soon as possible. I'm tired. Me too. School feels like hell. I knew what he meant. We didn't feel as tired when we were on vacations. Plus, we could also work some extra hours. Like we often said to each other, we couldn't wait to be done with it. Gale was luckier, though, as this was his last year. I could barely wait for mine. But we were just making small talk and, although it was good to get a distraction from a slow day, Enobaria, the psychotic store manager, was starting to give me a very dirty look. So I decided to end this as soon as possible and make Gale say whatever it was he wanted to say. Because, like me, he also wasn't a fan of small talk. On with it. I typed quickly, turning my back to her while I looked at my cellphone. Gale answered quickly. I just don't want you to get angry with me about today. I sighed deeply, and carefully chose my words as I typed. But I am. You know me better than anyone else, Gale. You know what you did. I noticed out of the corner of my eyes as Enobaria went to the back of the store, and I relaxed a little. You say careless things sometimes, Catnip. I huffed at the text message, feeling insulted, clutching the cellphone until the skin beneath my nails went white. I thought bitterly, How could he say that to me. He was the one who said what he shouldn't have. He was the one pushing things. I wasn't wrong. I wouldn't let him make me feel bad about it. Gale, you asshole. You're saying stupid things now! I typed furiously, feeling I would break my cell with the strength I was putting into my fingers. I settled it in my pocket, ignoring the weight it had. To my luck, a new customer got in just then. As I was taking his order, I felt my cell buzzing, and I ignored it. I took my time preparing his drink, trying to drag every second as far as possible. I gave it back to him and looked expectantly to the door, hoping that another customer would magically appear the second the last one walked out. But, unlucky me, that didn't happen. I sat back on the stool, already feeling bored, and pointedly ignored the text message waiting for attention. However, my mind wouldn't go anywhere else no matter how much I tried, and gruffly I picked up the offending thing and looked at the words shinning on the screen. And my stomach made a suicide jump all the way to my feet. I just really, really care about you, Katniss. TBC