catches it. He smirks, tossing the rock up and down, an ear-splitting scream piercing his happiness and making him freeze in horror. "MAYSILEE!" he screams, grabbing his knife and sprinting off to where the young blonde disappeared. . Haymitch finds Maysilee, happy he yelled her name. Surely, the murderer ran off in his direction, and now Haymitch has the time to slump to his knees by her side and she chokes on her own blood. She reaches out for him, and he takes her hand, leaning over her. He strokes her hair, saying softly, "You attract trouble, don't you?" She gives a smile, her teeth red with spilling blood which pours in small streams over her cheeks, dripping onto the ground near her. "I…" She coughs violently, "I know you c-can do this Haymitch." Her voice is soft, filled with no fear, no regret. He keeps his mouth shut for a few moments, avoiding the lump in his throat. "You're so strong, Maysilee. And you know where you're going is much better than this hellhole." "Y-yes," she whispers, "I know." Her eyes glaze over, drifting off to the sky and her head lolls. Haymitch clenches his eyes shut and holds her hand to his lips as the canon blows. He reaches forward, closing her glass-like eyes and letting his hand rest on her cheek. "You're lucky you're not as stubborn as me." He murmurs, stepping up and standing back as the hovercraft comes to take her away. He blows her a kiss, just like she did he. Goodbye, darling. Sleep in peace. Don't let the demons touch you, because you're more powerful than them. You're strong and you…, he thinks. You were all you ever needed to be. Goodnight, Maysilee. Sleep in peace. Haymitch could never say these words out loud. He's not capable. He hangs his head. He freezes when two more canons fire off. After watching the ship carry young Maysilee away to her resting place, Haymitch lets out a yelp as a blurry figure slams against him and knocks the wind out of him. It's a girl from District 7, looking wily and out of control. She wields an axe, slicing at him in a blind fury. He scrambles away, drawing his knife and prepping himself in a fighting stance. She wastes no time. She comes at him swinging and Haymitch ducks under her axe, slicing at her. He grabs her arm so she can't swipe at him again, but she clunks him in the head with its blunt, flat side. His right knee buckles and he staggers, gasping when he feels a stinging, otherworldly pain slice through his stomach. He gasps, grabbing his abdomen, feeling blood rush over his hand. He a fitful rage and thoughtlessly shoves his knife forward and twists. The girl screams. He retracts his blade and begins stumbling back towards his cliff-his promising cliff-as the girl from Seven pursues, screaming, "YOU BASTARD! I'LL KILL YOU, 12!" He doesn't stop. He sighs when begins the climb up a small hill, and he knows she's catching up. He thinks he's seeing things, but he's definitely feeling intestines squirming against his palm. Meekly, he turns and blocks a blow from her axe by sticking up his arm, and he cries out when his fingers are sliced and it hard wood staff cracks against his limb. He slices his knife down her front, from one side of her collarbone to her opposite hip. It's not deep at all, but blood seeps immediately and she gets momentarily sidetracked, checking to see if the blow is fatal. Haymitch stammers over the small, finally stepping onto the dirt and pebbles of the rising cliff edge. "Come on," he pants, "just… just do it." His own skin looks horrifyingly pale to him, and his knees give out. He feels all-too lightheaded. He plops onto his butt as his attacker throws her axe with a roar, almost scalping Haymitch. He smirks at the same time as she. "We can just stand here, you know." She snaps, "You're bleeding out 12." Breathlessly, Haymitch whispers, "But they'd never allow it, Sweetheart." He lays down, staring at the sky, a flash of brown and silver whizzing past him. The axe, having hit the force field, flies back at 7, embedding itself in her forehead. Haymitch closes his eyes, inches from sobbing when the canon blows, signifying the horrible girl's death. "Congratulations, Haymitch Abernathy," a voice booms, "We give you the victor of the 50th annual Hunger Games!" That's the last thing Haymitch remembers, for he blacks out. . Haymitch is painfully aware of the constricting bandage around his stitches that reach all the way across his stomach. President Snow-a middle aged man with a graying beard and the protruding belly of a spoiled Capitol citizen-never breaks eye contact with Haymitch as he places the masculine crown on his battered blonde head while the crowd cheers and roars, shouting Haymitch's name. Haymitch feels no pride or sense of confidence. He only holds hate, hate for the man standing inches from him, glaring at him with icy eyes. "Congratulations, Haymitch," Snow says reluctantly, "you're quite the fighter." "Always have been, always will be." Haymitch mutters curtly, an undertone clear in his voice. The only thing he wants to do is go home and hug his mother and brother, kiss his girlfriend and hide from everyone else. But Haymitch will never get the chance. Out of punishment for his stunt with the force field in his final battle with the girl from twelve, Haymitch's only three loved ones are killed by the Capitol with one clear message: "You are a piece in our games, no matter how safe you think you are." So? Listen, I know you've probably read Haymitch's story before, but TELL ME who's story you want to see next. IMPORTANT: Some of the coming chapters may include sexual content, like Finnick's story and maybe Johanna's. For now it's T. REVIEW, TELL ME, ADVISE, CRITISIZE.