the crook of her neck. "Yeah," she whispered back, slightly afraid that some how Glimmer could her them and would storm right back again. "Why now?" Cato asked, now lifting his head slightly. She knew he'd done it to try and search her eyes as she answered, hoping to find some trace of it before she spoke. "Because I want to. Because I want you," she replied, looking down slightly to meet his gaze, feeling his own breath as it made its way over her collarbone. "That's it?" he questioned, seeming quite confused by her answer. "You need more of a reason?" her answer came out harshly. "I just don't understand. Why right now? This night. We've stayed next to each other for a year now, we spent years training together and I just don't understand why this moment means so much that you've decided it has to be now," he didn't mention the real reason he needed to know she was ready, but she knew anyway. "Well why not now?" she answered back, and Cato knew she was avoiding the real reason. "Clove," he sighed, looking at her with pleading eyes. "Because tomorrow there's a chance either one of us will end up back in the arena, that we'll never have the chance to be together again. I lost you once to that stupid arena and I won't let it happen again. They can take everything else from me but they won't take how I feel about you. And I need you to know that, so that there's never any doubt that you knew," she replied. He took a moment to enjoy her words, letting them settle in his mind before he kissed her. This time less hungrily and more with a sense of meaning, letting her know that he knew how she felt and that he felt the same. That he was always going to know how she felt in this moment, how she was ready to give herself to him completely and that he had never felt more privileged by anything in his life. Even being chosen to compete in the Games, something he had worked his whole life for couldn't compare to this moment. It couldn't compete with the warmth that she brought to him; the way she made him connect to parts of himself he couldn't of otherwise. As she ground herself against him, returning the building feeling to her stomach she felt like she had been missing since Glimmers interruption. Her legs began to wrap around his waist, bringing him closer to her, increasing the pressure between her legs and making her moan once again. Cato lifted himself off of her and looked at her. She examined his face, the sharp cheekbones and strong jawline that made her heart clench. But nothing compared to the eyes that she felt could see right through every wall she built, to see the pain and torment that wracked through her everyday. He reached down and held himself to her entrance, she felt herself brace for him as her hips tilted upwards slightly. She closed her eyes and exhaled loudly as he slid into her, every part of him rubbing off the walls of her insides. He paused slightly, letting her get used to the feeling of him in her and she breathed heavily a few more times, before opening her eyes to find his own eyes looking down at her, looking for the confirmation from her that he should continue. As she had promised, she didn't break. She felt her moans grow louder as he continued, his thrusts becoming faster as her hips came up to meet his as she picked up on his rhythm. Each thrust seemed to stroke a new part of her, pleasuring her in a way that the one before hadn't and making her build beautifully as the act continued. Her hands gripped his back as her legs squeezed tighter, begging him to bring her release as her muscles started to clench uncontrollably and every inch of his skin pressed against her made her skin feel alive. "Cato," Clove cried out, as her muscles clenched one last time around him strongly as her back pushed off the bed and she held onto the high feeling that shot through her body like fire that she never wanted to calm. He continued to thrust into her prolonging her orgasm as she tugged her fingers tightly against his hair. He thrust a few more times until he found his own release and she felt the result pool inside her. He pulled himself out of her but remained over her, not really sure what to do. She met his gaze and tried to work out the emotions that were dancing over them, for once she was completely at a loss to work out what he was thinking. She had never seen him look this way. His sweat mixed with hers as he waited for their breathing to slow before pressing his lips lightly against hers and resting his forehead against hers. "You've done that before," Clove accused eventually. Although Cato heard the curiosity in her voice as she spoke. "They needed us to be ready for the Capitol lifestyle. We needed to be ready to be sold if it came to that," he explained, now feeling slightly guilty as he thought about his own first time and how it had been nothing like this. He had had spectators giving comments and yelling when he had stepped out of line. It hadn't even come close to competing with the connection he felt now with Clove. "Huh," was all she said on the matter but he saw the slight sadness in her eyes before she could hide it in their darkness. "Clove," he exhaled, his eyes now bright in the darkness of the room. "Yes," she responded, making sure not to break eye contact. "I know," he whispered. "I know too," was all she was able to reply with.