him, my body has been answering that question for what feels like hours. He begins kissing me again and I can taste myself as I feel the pressure our lips create together I find myself needing more pressure, all over me, inside me. My hands reach down towards where his jeans are rubbing relentlessly over the most sensitive parts of me and I undo the button easily, my own hand rubbing against my wetness momentarily. A part of me still refuses to believe this is Cato, that Cato is the one who's got me into this beautifully tormented state. He sits up suddenly, leaving me feeling cold where his body was pressed against me only moments ago, which is most of my body come to think of it. I watched slyly as he slid off the last of his clothing, usually I'd be worried at how smooth the motion was, it would make me wonder just how many times he'd done it before to be able to perform it with such ease. But then again everything he had done so far should have had me wondering that, everything he had done had only left me craving this moment more, the moment when I watched him spring free from his boxers. "Damn," I found myself whispering before I could stop myself. He only looked at me with a look that seemed to be a mixture of amusement and slight exasperation. "Impressed?" he queried, already knowing the answer. "Well I figured Glimmer wasn't sticking around for your personality," I smirked back. God-like though he may seem right now he was not taking my sarcasm away from me. Suddenly everything got rough. He was pressed very firmly on top of me, his mouth now assaulting mine and all I could do in response was moan and tug on his hair harder and squeeze my thighs around him tighter as he began to slide against me, almost giving me a preview of what was to come. Every tiny movement his hips made caused his length to rub against me in a way that made my hips tilt even further towards him, letting him know just how much I was craving him. Everything blurs into one feeling. Lust. The way I can feel him against me, the way his lips are sending shots of electricity and desire through me, the way I can feel our naked chests creating the most fantastic friction I've ever experienced, every single cell in my body is begging me to give him want he wants, my surrender. Fortunately I don't have to as then he slides back down my body again, his tongue trailing a wet longing line down my neck, harshly running down my chest and to my nipples again, forcing my back to arch towards his mouth, before he bites down gently, making a strange sound rise from within me and leaving the need between my legs growing stronger and stronger with every flick of his knowing tongue. "Fuck," I exhale sharply as my hips buck forward towards him as he enters into me, making my muscles clench tighter with the sudden fullness. He wastes no time with the act, slowly sliding himself part of the way out of me and smiling as I groan with pleasure. He lies down on top of me, allowing himself to fully enter me now and I let out a deep breath against his neck. With one strong arm on either side of my head he rocks back and forth, gliding in and out of me with every movement of his hips. I find my own hips effortlessly falling into time with his, coming up to meet them with every dip. I wrap my arms around him, grabbing into his shoulder blades as a low groan escapes from him causing muscles deep within me to clench even tighter. I begin to feel a familiar build within me as Cato's smooth skin rubs against my delicate folds as he continues to pound into me. I feel his breath grow shallow on my skin to match my own as he lowers himself slightly towards me, causing his muscular chest to rub against my delicate nipples, creating a friction that shot downwards and added to the sensation of Cato inside me. My back arched without my permission causing him to press harder against me as his pace increased. He starts nibbling on my neck, I can feel my skin react to his touch in a way that makes my breathing grow louder and I loose even more control over myself. I know exactly what's happening as a light coat of sweat begins to cover us, I can feel it burning like a fire under my skin and I let out a few final moans. "Cato," I sigh heavily as I loose complete control over my body and it throws me up towards him, every muscle contracting in a perfect unison around him, for him. I feel every last sense of tension leave me as the sparks shoot all through me. I fall panting heavily back onto the bed and find him smiling proudly down at me. "What are you smiling about?" my voice isn't half as harsh as I'd like it to be. As a way of response he thrusts into me once again, the dimming fire in my nerves sparks up once again and I groan at the wave of pleasure that shoots through me because of the action. "That," he smirks again, as he strokes my insides with himself a few more times causing my sensitive skin to send tingles throughout me. My muscles spasm slightly as I feel him find his own release in me before collapsing a little and resting himself on top of me. His weight presses down on me and I find myself mid-recovery focusing instead on the sweaty mass of muscle situated on top of me and how complicated everything is going to get from here on out.