them in this one. Then there wouldn't be much to fear. But, I don't want him to die. I thought I wanted all Romans dead, but he saved me. I want to do the same for him. Discharge my debt. Gael will be angry with me for moons. I know he thinks we're taking an unnecessary chance, and normally I'd agree. Killing Romans, not ransoming them, is his chosen method of rebellion. It's usually mine as well. "I didn't go to all this trouble to have you die," I mutter. "I'll mention that to Charon," he says with a smile. It's a good smile. A little crooked over a mouthful of perfect teeth. It's the sort of smile that probably makes women eager to peel off his tunic. I'm not that kind of woman. I toe the dirt with my boot. "Who's Charon?" "Someone you don't want to meet." It sounds like a joke, but either he's not as good in our tongue as I thought or the fever has muddled his mind, because he makes no sense at all. "If I'm going to die, I'd like to know your name." "You're not going to die," I insist again, but after a long moment, where I rub my calloused hands over the shins of my trousers, I give in to his request. "Katell." "They call you Kat." I nod. "What does it mean?" Pure . Jowanet teases me about that when the mood strikes her. I'm not telling him that, so I ignore his question. "Go ahead. Tell me your name. Otherwise I'll just keep thinking of you as Roman." I spit the last word with almost as much venom as Gael ever does. "Well, I don't want that. I'm Peete, Second Augustan Legion." I know something of his legion. The Second Legion built the wall that traps us inside the Roman's empire. We can thank Quintus Lollius Urbicus for taking our land and driving us further north. His name and the Second Legion's are etched upon the plaques on the wall. The letters are nonsense to someone like Gael, but my mà taught me how to recognize the letters by drawing them in the dirt with a stick. She's one of them. "Peete." I test the name aloud. "Doesn't sound Roman." "It's not." Peete has the smooth face—though it will be stubbled by morning—and broadness of many of the Romans, but his yellow hair and blue eyes are not like the others. He looks more like my mà. Her people were from across the sea. Maybe Peete's people are too. Gael says all Romans are the same, but he doesn't mean my mà. She's one of us, she chose my da. Maybe Peete is like my mà—not Roman by blood, but born in their sprawling empire, an empire that will one day consume the earth like a plague of locusts. I hate the Romans as much as Gael does, I want to fight them and drive them from our lands, but they can't all be the same. "You're a long way from home, Peete. You should go back." I say it more softly than Gael would. "I can't. There's no home to go back to." His eyes shut, and he must drift off to sleep. It's better that way. We shouldn't have been talking in the first place. I can't afford to get attached to this strange foreigner the way my sister gets attached to wounded animals. I'm supposed to be on watch, but I look at all the wrong things. I find myself staring at his long pale lashes and the locks of yellow hair stuck to his forehead. The color is natural, not the bright white of Jowanet's, the color stripped from the lime she uses to spike it before going into battle. I brush the sweaty hair off his brow. It's soft too. Not hard like Gael's, caked with clay and slicked back like a horse's mane. The Romans bathe obsessively, fouling our sacred waters in their need to constantly wash their bodies. A bath house went up right alongside the fort at Veluniate, because they place cleanliness above almost anything else. It's a strange practice, but it does make their hair as soft as a babe's. He must think my black braided hair very unremarkable in comparison. I pull back my hand from where it has rested on his brow and work at the leather tie that holds my braid in place. Unknotting it, I work my fingers through the tangled gnarls, picking out any leaf debris I've gathered from sleeping on the ground. I'll just rebraid it when I'm finished, but it will be smoother, less wild looking, more like the Roman women with their long shiny hair hanging in ropes down their backs. I finish and shift, folding my legs beneath me, and the movement makes his eyes crack open. "You need to rest." "I thought you were gone," he mumbles, the words thicker than ever. The leather tie is plenty tight, but I fidget with it. "I'm here." It would be better for him if we'd never met again, but he seems relieved. "I'm not going anywhere." Notes: The names are not misspelled. They are the appropriate sounding equivalents, depending on the character's place of origin and the era. Peete was patrolling the Roman road between the Romans forts Oxton and Trimontium. The Antonine Wall was constructed in 12 years and was begun in 142 due to pressure from the Caledonians. The wall was built of turf and stone and was 39 miles long. It was guarded by 16 forts and additional fortlets. Animal husbandry, including the keeping of sheep, was common among the people of northern Romano-Britain. In Roman mythology, Charon ferried newly dead souls across the river to Hades. For general readers, these are good books on Romano-Britain: History of Roman Britain, Peter Salway Roman Britain: A New History, Patricia Southern Roman Britain: A New History, Guy de la Bedoyere