she was with me, telling me that everything was somehow going to work out – telling me to never give up. I wanted to think that she was in the capitol siding against the rebellion. I wanted somehow to justify my last, cruel words, however I knew only too well that she would do anything in her power to help us defeat the government and bring down their tyrannical rule. I refused to think about what they might have done or be doing to her. At most times I forced her out of my mind, something that was easy when we were in the clutches of a brutal war. But then the war ended. I assumed she was dead, because nothing was mentioned regarding her. It was when life began to fall back into its monotonous routine that her absence began to be keenly felt. I had lost Katniss forever. I fully realized that now, but somehow the pain of knowing Madge was gone as well, seemed to cut even deeper. At every turn something seemed to remind me of her; more than anything I wanted her back. I needed her – again. And here she was before me, revealing to me a side of her I've never seen before. Strong, invincible, hopeful Madge Undersee is falling apart right in front of me. She's still crying. I look at her – the wasted form, her pallid color, the tired eyes - suddenly I realize just what a conceited, selfish, detestable jerk I have been towards this girl for the entire course of our acquaintance. It has always been me, me, nothing but me. It was always me who would pour out grievances, never Madge. She was the one who listened and comforted. She was the one who put situations in the proper perspective when I could see nothing but black hopelessness. Madge was always strong, refusing to let anything affect her. The one time in her life she had actually come to me for comfort, when she was about to be forced into an arranged marriage, I had cast her off. Even today, when she needed to talk about what she had gone through during the war, I had stopped her, worried about only myself and the discomfort it might occasion me. The look of pain in her eye was not imaginary; it was just another link in the endless chain of hurt I have occasioned her. Suddenly she is wiping her eyes with the end of her tattered sleeve, muttering softly, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to fall apart. Just please try to understand." She turns away. "Madge." Her head inclines slightly towards me. "Forgive me." It is just a paltry two words. Words will never be able to express just how deep runs the remorse I feel over what I've done to this girl. I have a long road ahead of me. She nods, "Goodnight, Gale." Her small form crosses the length of the patio and goes back into the complex. The sun is almost completely hidden behind the clouds now. I stand motionless still gazing at the door she just disappeared through. Thinking. Just thinking. I had gone out and fought the evil of the capitol with every fiber of my being. I was in the heat of battles. I had devoted every aspect of my brain into the development of weapons to accomplish our goal. Now with the war successfully won, I had somewhat of a status as a kind of national hero. However there was Madge, one lone girl who spent her whole childhood, isolated from her neighbors by their preconceived prejudice, despised by her father, and neglected by her invalid mother. A girl, who despite knowing the level of disgust the majority of her district held her in, never missed an opportunity to help anyone she could. It looked like she had it all, but in reality she had no more reason to be happy than me – yet she was. Even though everyone treated her with condescension or neglect, she was always kind and cheerful, never losing faith. A girl who sacrificed her happiness to save her other's from the consequences that would fall if she refused the arranged marriage. Somehow when I examined the situation, it is clear to me who the real hero was. Not myself with all my anger and bitterness and brilliant weaponry designs, but rather the small young woman who has always faced the world with kindness and love despite opposition and hatred. I don't know the story of what had happened to her in the capitol, but if she has been a capitol prisoner I know it must have been terrible. Madge had always been so strong; too strong. Her confession tonight – her refusal to sit by silently again while I used her to alleviate my own grief, was not selfishness on her part; rather it was exactly what I needed. Somehow she always seemed to sense that. I have spent the last few years brooding over my own problems, refusing to raise my eyes off myself and onto others. I have hurt Madge Undersee in an indescribable way; it is with a pang that I realized I will never completely be able to remove the scars I've occasioned. However she has taught Gale Hawthorne an invaluable lesson about himself. She has revealed to me in a moment the extreme magnitude of my selfishness. I will do more than just ask for forgiveness. Madge is hurting now after the awful things she has suffered and for once in her life, I will be there for her – truly there, ready to listen to her story and her suffering and not use her to drown out my own. I had a long road ahead of me. I'm not sure how long it would take for her to trust me again – but I am determined that I am not going to let her go again. please review!