am your idiot, from until the end of time." I laugh a wet laugh at his horrible joke. I curl into him, on top of all of his papers. I don't care. I wrap my arms around his shoulders. I have to touch him. I have to know he is real. "So Katniss Everdeen. Will you marry me?" Epilogue When everything was said and done with the attack, we'd lost a lot of loved ones. Thresh had been killed by Clove for killing Cato. We found love letters between the two in Cato's belongings. They were both working for the southern rebels. Seneca Crane had been in the room with us as well, and had been killed. The Queen was killed as well. It seemed that most of Panem wasn't too upset about that one, ready to embrace the brothers who had been influenced by their sweet and kind father. It was discovered with some threats, that the southern rebels had been working for Snow all along. Snow was trying to over throw the Mellark family. Snow was put to death. No one mourned his loss. Rose Snow had been killed by the northern rebels. Plutarch and Paylor had personally launched an investigation against the wishes of Alma Coin. It was discovered that Coin had a plot similar to Snow's. Coin was also put to death. The northern rebels have rejoined Panem in hopes of making the country beautiful and peaceful once again. Lavinia, Rue, and Cinna were killed as well. Those deaths hit me hard. Rue's was difficult since she was so close to my little sister's death. Cinna's death nearly broke me. He was my first friend here in the Capitol of Panem. He didn't want to change me, only bring me out of my cage to sing like the bird he believed I was. Every time I wear his pieces that he designed with such love and care, I remember that I must keep moving forward. And no time to do that like the present. Today I am to become the third queen. With the death of the queen, Gram, Rye, and Peeta all ascended the throne. The three continue to balance each other out with grace. Adele and Johanna became queens. Today I am marrying Peeta. It has been two months since the attack that took so many lives. There are still days where Peeta has to coax me out of the wardrobes of the palace. Gale ratted me out to him. And Gale! I moved his family into the home that Peeta had bought me. They never have to want again. Dr. Aurelius is working with my mother but she has pretty much checked out for good this time. Gale and Madge were married about a week after the attacks and Gale is now the head of our security in the palace. Madge is a top advisor to the Mellark council still, in tow with Leeland Odair, Finnick Odair, and Haymitch Abernathy. Lately, we've been seeing Haymitch and Effie Trinket together in the gardens. Annie is content to be living in the palace. Her and Finnick are such dear friends that they have been moved up into the royal family's quarters. We tried to get Gale and Madge up there as well, but they would not hear of it. They have a small house just outside of the walls near the home that Hazel is making. Buttercup and Lady made the journey to the Capitol as well. Posey takes such care of them I cannot ask for them back. That doesn't mean I don't go visit them on occasion when I feel like I need to talk to Prim. And yes, I'm well aware that I do look crazy, sitting in a field, talking to a goat. The small gurgle of a baby in the wings indicates that Adele is coming to make sure the wedding is still on. I have had more nervous breakdowns then I care to admit. I can't believe I am gaining a country. Why would anyone want to listen to me? Adele is carrying newborn Daphne. She is a pretty baby. I nod at Adele, who goes to take her place. Johanna isn't participating in my wedding. She's been having horrible back pain. Probably because she was thinner. We are all guessing she is carrying a boy. Bannock is holding my hand. He is still just as taken with me. When the doors open and I am finally allowed to being my walk towards Peeta, I can't wait to get him alone. I can't wait to give him the news that I know will make him the happiest man alive. But for now, I'll enjoy my walk down the aisle, Bannock clutching my hand, Annie in front of me, and Peeta looking at me like I am the light of his world. AN: Thank you for reading! And for any support! That being said, I know that Katniss seems very out of character but I do need to state that love really does change you. I'm an exact case in point of that thanks to my better half. I'd also like to apologize for doing this as one big post. My new laptop hates the internet and actually crashes itself on it. Not necessarily a huge deal with me since I do everything on my phone but I had to transfer everything to my USB and then snag my husband's laptop. I just figured instead of saving it on his computer it'd be easier to do this as one post. He also completely lacks Office. I hope you enjoyed this. I'd been seeing everyone and their brother doing selection based hunger game stories which made me actually read the series and I was like wow, it could really be Peeta and Katniss. Once again, thanks for the support!(If there were any readers. I just had to get this out of my head, down and wanted to publish it for giggles).