is something that stays forever. I walk through the hallway where I broke the bow and arrow. There it is, hidden under the table. I take the broken bow in my hands and sit down. There must be a way to fix this. In upper concentration, I try to fix the bow like my father taught me a long time ago. And while I am doing that, I hear voices coming from the room on the other side of the wall. It is Mr. Mellark. And Peeta. My heart starts beating harder when I hear his voice. "Should you really invite her?" he asks. "I don't know. She doesn't have a title. She is rude," his father answers. "Tell me all about it. She has a bad attitude." "Nor is she a lady. Deliah told me she hated her." "It's your choice. I would know it. Let her stay at home there, far away from us." Peeta's voice sounds full of disgust. I feel the tears behind my eyes. Is this really happening? With anger, I throw the bow away, under the table and while I stand up, the door opens. Peeta walks out of the room. "I... I tried to fix the bow. I didn't succeed. Bye, Prince Peter William Mellark of Panem." "Katniss? Why my title? What is the matter? You look upset!" I don't want to hear his charming voice and I walk away. I didn't have done anything wrong. At least not only me. He was there too all the time. Time to deny my feelings. Again. And I miss my sister so much right now. Even more than usual. "What do you mean you won't go to the ball tonight?" Julius asks. "There is the most prettiest dress I've ever seen in front of you." He points to my bed. It is indeed the most beautiful dress I have ever seen too. I help Willow putting her cute silver mini ballgown on and tie Julius' tie. "I am denying," I say shortly. "But I promise you two can have the time of your lives." "You deserve that more than us," Julius says. "You were a great mother these 2 years and you deserve to go to that ball. You even practised with uncle Peeta on dancing!" "I don't want to, okay? I want to go home. Like I said, I will pick you up after Christmas." "But then we won't have Christmas together!" Willow says. "We will have a second Christmas at home, okay?" "Okay." I am glad Willow is so easy going. But Julius is stubborn. "Aunt Katniss..." "No." I am stubborn too. "Enjoy your ball. I see you next year. I love you. And I am so proud of you two. I am sure your parents are, too." I give my two children a hug and even Julius sighs and hugs me back. I open the door and the brother and sister leave my bedroom. I watch how they walk together to the stairs and I sigh. I am very proud of them indeed. "Katniss." That voice. That voice I have been hiding for the last two days. I turn to him. "Peter." "Stop calling me Peter. You never did that. Can you please tell me what's wrong and why you are ignoring me?" I ignore him and he sighs. "Can you let me in your room, please?" "Why? Wouldn't it be better if I stay far away from you? That was I planning to do actually." I walk into my room and want to close the door behind me, but Peeta is faster and gets into my room. He closes the door. "Katniss, where is this coming from?" His eyes look desperate. "I have a bad attitude and I am rude, well, FUCK YOU AND YOUR TITLE," I yell at him. "First being all sweet to me, baking those stupid buns for me, dancing with me..." "Katniss," he whispers and he wants to lay his hand on my shoulder, but I push it away. "Don't you fucking dare to touch me," I say to him and I feel like I am going to cry. From anger and because I am so in love with this guy, who had hurt me so much. "I heard you say all these things. I..." He stops me with his lips. They collide with mine and it feels like the floor disappears under my feet and he keeps me high. "It wasn't about you," he whispers and I see tears in his blue eyes, breaking my heart. "It was about Miss Crane, the annoying woman who thinks high about herself and I was affraid she would..." "Why did you kiss me," I breath. "You have a girlfriend." "I broke up with her this afternoon." "Why?" I can't believe it. This isn't happening. "Couple of reasons. The first one was that I asked her if she would fall for me if I were just a baker and not a prince. She was honest and said no. So I was also being honest with her. I told her reason two." "Reason two?" "That someone else stole my heart, and it is you, because Katniss, I am so in..." My lips are on his and he kisses me back. This kiss is different, this time with more passion and fire behind it. This isn't real. Someone is actually falling for me? Peeta Mellark fell in love with me? This beautiful man, inside and out? This prince Charming? Because that is what he is. Peeta stops. "Katniss. We have to go to a ball. We have to celebrate Christmas Eve." I smile. "I am not used to that." "Me neither. But we can do it. Together." "Together?" "Together. And now, put on your dress! We are already late!" "Late in style." "Shut up and dress, my love." I hope you liked this story! It is un-betaed and English is not my native language, but I tried my best. Thanks for reading!