enough waves this evening. Peeta. Liar. How could he! How could he... She feels the tears streaming down her face again. She can't take it anymore to be alone. She always thought she was strong but she can't handle it anymore. She isn't as strong as she think she is. She hates herself. Katniss sits down and watches the calm ocean for a while. This gives her rest. Like the woods always gave her rest, does the sea now. She is so focussed on the ocean, she doesn't hear that a car stopped at a parking place and Peeta walks to her. "Katniss..." his soft, sweet voice says behind her. Katniss turns to him. Great. There he is and he can see her cry. "Go away. To New York or something." "Katniss..." "I told you to never come back. Leave me alone." She tries to hold herself and not to cry. "I can't." Too late. The tears come in her eyes again. She looks at him and sees that he has also tears in his eyes. He stands in front of her. "Katniss, I could never, ever leave you. I love you." She looks away. "Don't lie," she whispers. "I don't lie. Why would I lie to someone I love?" He is quiet for a while. "Katniss you make me so happy. And when I go to college... That doesn't mean I'll leave you..." "Everyone does!" Katniss shouts suddenly. "My parents, Gale, you! I am too stupid to be with! Everyone leaves me and I am so tired of it so don't lie to me and say that you are not leaving. Don't lie to me. Like you did that night on the beach." "Katniss, I won't leave you. Yes I will go to college, but that doesn't mean I will leave you. You're my girlfriend Katniss. I need you." She looks to the ground. Peeta sits down next to her and lifts her chin up a bit. "Katniss, please look at me..." "I hate myself," she sobs softly. "I hate myself." "You have no reason to hate yourself, you are amazing Katniss," Peeta says to her and he wraps his arms around her. "You are so amazing Katniss and you don't even know," he whispers and he strokes her hair. "I am mean to everyone and you were so kind to me and my father did too and I am so mean to everyone and..." "Shhh," Peeta whispers. "I love you. I really, really love you. And I am so sorry." "My father left me, Gale left me, I am not a good daughter and a good girlfriend..." "Katniss please stop. You are wonderful. Remember the song we sang in the car today?" She nodds. "You will be loved Katniss. My heart and door are always open for you. I love you so much and I will never ever ever leave you. I promise." Katniss is quiet for a while and looks into his blue eyes. And at the arrow at his hip. "Stay with me?" she whispers softly. "Always," Peeta says and then her lips reaches his. Katniss talked to her parents, an idea of Peeta - a good conversation after all these years. It is was emotional but worth it because after the conversation she understood her parents more and they understood her more. Katniss promised her father to read his letters and that one afternoom, when she was ready, they would sing together and her mother said that she actually liked the tattoo and believed her. And when the summer was over, she had one last afternoom with Peeta. They went to the mansion of his parents and he showed her the garden and they took a swim in the lake. They kissed. They made love in a small gardenhouse near the lake. And when she said goodbye to Peeta at the airport, she knew he wouldn't leave her. She would come over to him in a few weeks. They would call everyday. They would make it. So after, when Katniss was back home hunting in the woods and saw the message of Peeta on her phone: I love you, beautiful. Together? She responded: Together. A/N: Dear readers, Sorry that I abandonned you for such a long time :( I was just so busy with everything, I still am, and I had a writersblock. But now I am back, with a new story, which you have just read. This is based on "The Last Song" by Nicholas Sparks' book and a movie (with Liam Hemsworth), but of course I gave it a twist.(For example: *last song spoiler* I couldn't let Katniss' father die again – it was hard enough in my first fic "Charcoal" and I just couldn't do it again lol.) It is also based on the song "She Will Be loved" from the Maroon 5. I don't own that song or "The Last Song" or "The Hunger Games". English is not my native language, but I tried to write at my best English - maybe some of you are native English speakers or are good at English and want to be my beta for other stories? :) It was very hard to write (this) Katniss, because she is so very introvert and reacts so different to situations then I would do. Peeta is more easier, because I look more like Peeta in behaviour haha (but he is a boy, so still hard to write). But I hope I could show you a "Katniss" haha. Hope you guys liked this story. It is a one-shot, so you don't have to wait that long anymore for more chapters or something :) Please let me know what you thought with a review, and thank you for reading my second (and first modern au) fanfiction :)And if you have any idea's or prompts for drabbles or fics, please let me know. I love to write but sometimes I just don't have the inspiration. Love you guys! *mwaaaah* Xoxo