fucked her and that image had his balls tightening and the heat that had been coiling in his belly to unfurl and send him over the edge. "Fuck, God. Prim." He cried as he came. He watched her swallow, her tongue lapping eagerly to take it all in. "I'm sorry." He gasped, dropping to his knees in front of her and resting his head against her chest. "For what?" She asked, her voice low and husky with her desire. "Not warning you first." He offered her a sheepish smile when he raised his head. Her pupils were dilated with her arousal and Rye felt that heat start to build in his gut again. "I don't care." She gasped, leaning down to catch his mouth with hers. He kissed her back without hesitation, tasting the salty tang of his come on her tongue. He pushed her back, skimming his body down hers to settle between her thighs. "Least I can do is return the favor. Hold on, Primrose. I'm going to fuck you with my mouth." "Oh shit." She moaned, her eyes rolling back and her head hitting the bed behind her. Rye knelt on the floor in front of her, pulling her closer and propping her legs on his sturdy shoulders. He pressed a hand to her hip, holding her in place. Then, after a long, appreciative look at her quivering pussy, Rye gave her slit one long lick. Prim let out a sound that was caught between a sob and a moan and it was music to his ears. He gathered the sweet juice of her arousal on his tongue, swirling the tip around her clit before sucking gently between his lips. He felt her hips straining to thrust against him, saw her head thrashing and her hands plucking at her nipples as the most amazing noises filtered from her throat. She nearly came off the bed when he slipped one thick finger into her. ""Oh, oh. Rye. Rye, please, oh god, Rye!" When he slid the second finger inside and sucked hard on her clit she came apart under him, her walls clenching tight around his thrusting digits. He licked and sucked, extending her orgasm until she was reaching down to push him away. Rye stood then and opened his nightstand, grabbing the strip of condoms inside. He was always prepared. He ripped it open and slid the condom over his hardened cock. Her taste, scent and sounds had hardened him up quicker than he could remember since he was a teenager. When the rubber was secure around him he crawled on the bed, sliding his tongue up her body and teasing her nipples as he positioned himself at her entrance. When he felt her shift below him, opening her thighs wider and her hands gripping his shoulders he looked up at her, his gaze never leaving hers as he slid his length into her still clenching heat. "You're so tight," Rye's eyes nearly crossed at how well she hugged him, how her body took him in like it was made to do so. Just him, only him. Always him. "Ryyy-eee." Prim keened, her back arching into him with each inch that filled her. Her fingers gripped at his shoulders, her short nails biting into his skin, the tiny stabs of pain urging him on. He leaned up on his forearms, his mouth covering hers and his tongue dancing against hers in time to their thrusts. He felt her legs wrap around his waist, her slick skin sliding against his and making his nerve endings sing. She was everything to him in that moment, the only thing that meant anything and he had a feeling she was forever tattooed on his soul. Rye felt his orgasm building, the slow burn turning into a rush of heat under his skin and fractioning off to every point in his body. The pleasure of her, the bliss she was giving him was almost too much. Reaching between them, he slid his fingers to the place their bodies met and found her clit. She was so sensitized it only took a few hard, tight circles of his thumb against the tiny bundle of nerves to send her shrieking over the edge of oblivion, his name like a prayer on her lips. Her walls were clenching tight around him, his impending orgasm making him snap his hips hard against hers. Several more hard thrusts and he cried her name out as he came deep inside her. He collapsed against her as her walls settled into fluttering around him and his cock surged one last time inside of her. Somehow he managed to settle his weight just off to the side so he didn't crush her. It took several minutes before Rye thought he could manage to stand. After he did, Prim groaned at the loss of his heat and turned onto her side. Rye grinned and threw a quilt across her then went to the bathroom to clean up. When he came back in, she had taken off her sandals and was back in the same position as when he'd left. He pressed a knee onto the bed and she rolled over to make room for him. Once he was situated next to her and she snuggled herself against his side, he pulled the quilt over both of them. They lay there in silence for several minutes, Rye's thumb tracing random circles on her shoulder, Prim's hand resting against the steady beat of his heart. "Prim?" Rye said quietly, his eyes drifting closed. "Hm?" "How do you feel about Bolognese for breakfast?" Prim raised her head and smiled, sliding on top of him and pressing a kiss to his lips. Rye's arms banded around her to keep her in place, the desire he'd thought had been sated already sparking back to life. "It's my favorite." Then she closed her mouth over his and neither thought about food for a long, long time. END