it. He watched in fascination as her breasts heaved against the thin material of her tank top, her nipples were already pebbled and straining. With a leer he dipped his blond head and captured one in his blunt teeth. Katniss nearly came off the ground with a shout. Impossible pleasure pulsed through her as he worried the nub, sucking it through the cotton. "You were saying?" He chuckled. He hazarded letting one of her hands go so he could pulled the top down and reveal her olive skin to his greedy gaze. "You're so fucking beautiful, Katniss." There was something about the way he kept saying her name. Something deep and dark and almost secret. He was looking at her reverently, his clear blue eyes taking every exposed inch of skin like a man dying of thirst. She arched into him when his lips wrapped around her nipple once more, nipping and worrying the peak with teeth and tongue until she was moaning and writhing against him without abandon. He spent equal time on each mound, not stopping until he was satisfied with the way the dark nipples strained into the air. He reared up, making her cry out with the sudden loss of him. Peeta arched a golden brown as she reached for him. He shook his head, a real smile curving his full mouth as he shrugged out of his duster. He tossed it to the side and slid his hands up her silky smooth calves, over her thighs to the edge of her skirt. His chilled touch did nothing to ease the heat flushing her skin. If anything, the calloused skin of his thick fingers made it worse. "Peeta," she gasped, her voice and embarrassing rasp of breath that barely passed her lips. He groaned now, his eyes drifting closed at the way his name sounded in that moment. He leaned down and kissed her hard, their hands flying over each other in frenzy. Clothes started to disappear, neither caring how exposed they both were here in this small clearing in the cemetery. They rolled and fought until they were both naked, Katniss on top again, her slick heat poised over his thick erection. Their eyes locked and held, Peeta's hands moving to her hips to help guide movements above him. They both hissed when the chill of his cock slid into the warmth of her lower lips. Bracing her hands on his hard stomach, Katniss dropped slowly onto his length. "Fuuuuck." Peeta gasped, his head thrown back in ecstasy with each inch that disappeared into her heat. "Oh, oh, oh." Was all Katniss could muster as her eyes rolled back into her head and she had to struggle to keep from collapsing against him. He stretched her walls, filling her so completely. She didn't think she'd ever felt anything so good before and she briefly wondered if she ever would again. Once their pelvises were flush, Katniss paused, breathing deep to settle herself and get her bearings. With Peeta's large hands on her hips, she started to move. She was a bit hesitant and unsure at first, but with his help she quickly found a rhythm that worked for both of them. Whimpers and moans filled the air around them, the smell of sex invading both of their heightened senses until their movements were barely controlled. Peeta's eyes stared into hers with an intensity that begged her to look away but she couldn't. He reached between their bodies and found her clit with his thumb. "Oh God, Peeta!" Katniss cried, her hips jerking forward to chase the feeling he was creating. A few stiff circles with his thumb against the sensitive nub had her screaming as her orgasm crashed over her. Her walls compressed around him, making him growl, a sound that Katniss was sure she'd never get enough of hearing. After shocks twitched through her as she collapsed against him. Peeta rolled them over, his elbows hooking under her knees and spreading her open for him. His lips were pressed tight against the pulse point on her neck and his hips snapped hard against hers. "Fuck, Katniss. You're so fucking hot. So damn sweet. I'm going to come." He gasped against her skin, his movements becoming more and more uncoordinated as the minutes flew by. She felt him tense above her, felt him his cool breath against her skin the second before she felt a sharp pain in her neck. He roared as he came, her sweet Slayer blood flowing over his tongue as she screamed her second orgasm when he bit her. They both collapsed to the ground in a boneless mass. Peeta retracted his teeth and licked the wound closed. He raised his blond head to look at her, the anger and betrayal she felt at his taking her blood already showing through the haze of her pleasure. "Mine!" He growled, his eyes pinning hers and daring her to deny it. She scowled at him, baring her teeth and she started to struggle under him. "Mine." He said again, just as forcefully. Then he pulled away from her, grabbed his clothes and was gone before she could even think of chasing after him. "You see, Peeta's always been different." Gale said, running a hand through his dark hair. He looked agitated, almost like he didn't want to admit what he was about to say. " How?" Katniss asked, not sure if she wanted the answer. " Soulless demons can't love. Peeta can." fin...maybe AN- So, I was at work on Friday, graveyard shift of course, trying to figure out if i could write something for PIP on the make up days. I'm not sure how this popped in my head, but my old Spuffy self decided to give it a go. inthe original ending was supposed to be Katniss falling asleep to watching Buffy reruns. But I like this one better. Will there be an Episode 2? Won't say no. Not beta'd. Enjoy.