going to be one last Hunger Games, the one for the Capital's children." Mom clutches her hands until her knuckles are white. "I'm not proud to say that I voted for it. I was upset about all the people that were taken away from me in this war and the fact that Rue had to die for me to win. They needed to feel that pain too." "When it came to the time for the execution of Snow, I finally realized something. President Coin was going to be the next dictator. I played back everything that happened and how she wasn't all that concerned if I died or what happened to soldiers without big titles. I decided to really put an end to this; I had to stop the next dictator. I pulled out my single arrow and aimed it at Snow. I whipped around and shot it through Coin's eye like I planned to do to Snow. I only kill animals like that and I knew once she was put in charge, she would have undoubtedly been a monster. After I killed Coin, the crowd killed Snow for me. "I came back with Peeta and we started our lives over again. This time, I was the one chasing him. And, as you can see, I finally got what I wanted. Together, alongside other survivors, we rebuilt the destroyed districts and our lives. Finally, Panem is safe and just under an appointed President. We split up power and influence. It's been so long and nothing has gone wrong. If I can help it, nothing will be going off our path. No, not while I'm alive and breathing." There's a silence. Then…there's a roar of applause. I join in until my hands are sore and red. Mom ducks her head in humility and dad comes on stage and holds her hand. Mrs. Odair joins in next to mom… then Grandpa Haymitch, then a woman mom has shown me once, Enobaria, then Auntie Johanna, then an old man in a wheelchair (I think that's Beetee), and Mr. Blight that I've met once years ago. It clicks to me, the victors are uniting once again. This time, it's because they're safe and sound. They've fought and won a new, better society. I grin up at my mother, I'm proud to be called her daughter. … When I get home with Oliver and Haymitch in tow, I see mom nervously pacing the room with Mrs. Odair sitting on the couch, wringing her hands. The boys and I exchange looks, why are they so nervous? "Do I look any different now?" Mom asks us in a whisper. "Am I different now that you know I've killed in cold blood and enjoyed it a few times?" "Not at all," Haymitch says. "I'm proud to be your daughter," I tell her, "Even more so now than before." Relief washes over her face and she takes us all, even Oliver, in a tight embrace. Neither of us hesitate to return it. Mom lets us go and places her palm on Oliver's cheek, "you look so much like him. You've grown up to be such a great person and I'm glad I can call you a part of our family." A wicked smile graces her face, "hopefully in the future I'll be able to call you son in more than one way." Oliver blushes and mom places a kiss on his temple. Without another word, she strides out of the room and into the back yard. Blood rushes to my face, my mother just basically stated I have a crush on him! "O-Oliver," Mrs. Odair stutters. "I-I'm so sorry I didn't tell you. You shouldn't've had to find out that way." "It's ok," Oliver says while reaching out to hug his mother. She collapses in his strong arms. "I know how much dad being gone affects you and Mrs. Mellark. I'm proud to be an Odair; my father did so much for us all. I'm going to do my best to continue helping people for him." "He'd be so proud of you," she says while caressing his face. She lets out a light chuckle, "he'd probably feel sorry for you though." "How so," He asks, clearly confused. "You've got the famous Odair good looks," She grins. She backs away from her son and grins the same wicked smirk my mother did seconds ago. "He was deemed a sex god for his looks and much more, Rue, to give you something to look forward to." My face flushes even more. Oliver growls and his mother darts out of his reach and towards the back yard, yelling, "Kat', Pet', Oli's going to kill me!" Oliver and I exchange glances and decide to chase our mothers. My brother just chuckles at us as we dart out of the room. Once we are outside, we play a game of basically tag until Oliver hauls his mother over his shoulder and I've managed to grab my mother by her stomach and sink her to the floor. "Careful now, Rue, you wouldn't want to hurt your new baby sister," dad says, making an appearance. I gasp and let mom go. She melodically giggles at me as she sprints behind dad, "that card never fails to work!" I puff out my cheeks at my mother and she just giggles again. I grin. My mother's a woman of many different personalities, all fitting a certain purpose. And, honestly, I love them all. I don't see why she was so afraid of what she thought we would think. When the truth comes out, you can see who someone really is and I've seen that my mother is the bravest and strongest woman in the world. So, like it, hate it, how would you rate it? I know it was basically a summary of the series, but I had fun—somewhat-writing it. That's all that counts, right? Sorry for any and all typos! Review if ya feel like it, K-Chan!