that strange tucking sensation in my guts. I lightly slide my fingertips between her folds and I hear her sharp intake of breath. I do it again and earn the same reaction by her part. I can remember very few times where I touched myself this way, I couldn't do it often because I was never alone in the house and when I did it was always very early in the morning, while Prim was sleeping. I never finished what I started, after a few moments I stopped my hand feeling ashamed of what I was doing. I have never been as wet as now, by the way. I tentatively move my fingers between Effie's leg, trying to remember where was that point that made me feel that good. I move higher, reaching that little bundle of nerves and I rub it, smiling when I see Effie arching a bit her back to meet my touch. The feeling I am experiencing goes far beyond my fantasies. I feel Effie's hand tracing my hipbone and sliding my panties down my thighs. Her hand is about to touch me when she stops abruptly, her eyes shut closed, a guttural moan escaping her lips. "Oh, Katniss .." she hisses. I can't help but smile at her reaction and I slide another finger into her, eliciting another moan from Effie's throat. I am happy I found her soft spot and I start to slide my fingers in and out of her, watching her contorting beneath me. I kiss her, silencing her noises with my mouth, swallowing them, caressing her lips with my tongue while my hand doesn't stop moving. My other hand is in her hair, grasping it lightly and inhaling her scent. When she starts trembling I unconsciously move my hand faster until she comes undone under my eyes, crying out a moan I kiss away. I continue to kiss her until she stops shuddering and her breath is back to normal. She slowly opens her eyes and I see a tear escape and stream down her cheek and lose itself in her curls. I stare at her, still on the top of her, legs parted and feeling a throbbing ache between them that makes me want to rub them together. I don't want to avert my gaze from hers but before I can do anything she props herself on her elbows and her lips are on mine, soft and gentle, like a spring rain. She kisses me and I close my eyes and I can feel her slowly push me down to the mattress but I don't really care because I am lost in the sensation of her mouth on my skin. Her lips are on my mouth, on my cheeks, on my eyes and my neck, her hands undoing my braid and making my hair fall down in a wavy mess. She combs me with her fingers without a word. Her other hand caresses my chest, tracing the curve of my breast and the frame of my ribcages. She holds my waist while her fingers slide down, between my legs. When she touches me I almost scream at such an overwhelming feeling. I am about to explode. Her movements are so much more precise than mine and her fingers definitely know where to go. I wonder how much she have enjoyed what I did before, because that simply pales in comparison, but the thought doesn't reach my brain because a new wave of bliss rushes over me, leaving me out of breath. I can't stop the nonsense words escaping my mouth, I think I can't even remember my name. The fear of the Games, the awareness I won't come back home and see my sister again..all gone as Effie lowers her lips on mine, kissing me gently. I wonder if she had done this before but I am quite sure she had, her hands on me so skilled that I can die under her touch. While her thumb rubs me in a way I can't almost catch my breath, she slides a finger into me and my hips buck involuntarily. I feel the sweat on my forehead and under my back, I am so hot I think I am burning. I open slightly my eyes and I see Effie a few inches from me, looking at me with such adoration and sweetness that I can feel my walls tighten. "Effie.." I whimper as I feel I am reaching that peak beyond which I don't know where I would go " Oh God , Effie .." My hands fist into the sheets but one of Effie's reach mine and our fingers intertwine. I search her gaze and our eyes lock to each other's. Her hair tickles my chest as she comes closer and whispers "Let go" before covering my lips with hers. And I let go, my cry muffled by her kisses, my hand squeezing hers tightly while the other one grips her shoulder, my nails digging into her skin as I explode in a million pieces, savoring a pleasure I never experienced before. It takes several minutes for me to come down from my high. Effie strokes my hair while I try to catch my breath and regain a normal heartbeat. When I am quiet she shifts from the top of me to my side, pulling the sheet up to cover my still slightly shuddering body. She circles my waist with her arm while her other hand rubs my back up and down. I feel my eyelids become heavy, tiredness hitting me all at once. "Effie" I whisper, my voice thin and yet sleepy. She caresses my hair gently, hugging me a bit tighter. "It's ok, dear" she says softly. "Ok.." I mumble. But I am dreaming already. SO long, isn't it? Do I have to continue it? I could both leave it a one-shot or make it a multi-chapter..just let me know if you want. Thanks for reading, enjoy holidays!