a blush from Katniss when Gale mentioned the kid thing. Where did that even come from? Of course it´s easy. He´s been into Katniss since last winter. When I met Gale I was a starving twelve-year-old. I remember him being mad at Katniss for bringing an "outsider" as he called it. It took time for him to open up to me. I quickly crushed on him as many of the other girls in school did too. Gale being only two years older than me and Katniss looked even more handsome even at the age of twelve. A silly crush quickly turned into love when at the age of fourteen when he helped me trade a squirrel at The Hob. His kind and protective nature made me love him more. When I realized his affections towards Katniss last winter it nearly destroyed me. But I would never let this come between me and Katniss. Of course Katniss hasn't noticed Gale being completely in love with her. Katniss is a skilled hunter but when is comes to interacting with people she knows nothing. "What do you want to do?" Katniss suddenly asks bringing me out of my trance. "We can hunt, fish, or gather." "Let's fish at the lake. We can leave our poles and gather in the woods. Get something nice for tonight," he says. I nod agreeing with everything he says. I usually make either of them decide what to do when we're at the woods. Every time after a Reaping, everyone is supposed to celebrate. And lot of people usually do. My mother never joined the celebrations since I turned twelve. The reason for the celebrations is out of relief that their child have been spared for another year. But at least two families will pull their shutters, lock their doors, and try to figure out how they will survive the painful weeks to come. After some time later we've got our hands full. Strawberries and a dozen of fish. On our way home we stop by The Hob. I wait outside while both of them go inside to make some business. I sit on a barrel with my arms and legs crossed. Not soul can be seen outside The Hob, until I hear a voice on my left. "Well, is it not Vera the Seamstress." With a smirk on his face Darius comes closer. His ginger hair shining more in the sun. Darius is one of the youngest Peacekeepers in district 12. He is also one of the usual customers in The Hob. He is easy going which makes him my favorite Peacekeeper. "I fixed your shirt once, that does not make me a seamstress Darius" I say. "It was my favorite shirt!" He smiles. "Doing some business before the reaping?" He continues as he leans against the building wall. I nod and purse my lips together in annoyance. "Yeah, you?" " Just getting some soup from Greasy Sae" He says. His voice is sounding more husky than usual. "I guess I will be seeing you at the square in a few hours, huh!" I say as I jump of the barrel. With one wink from him and a the usual smirk he wears, he goes inside. I shake my head and chuckle. Darius is harmless, but nothing can stop him from flirting with any girl he sees. I sometimes have to bite my tongue just to keep myself from laughing when he flirts with Katniss. The whole thing is funny. She is oblivious and Gale is in the background glaring at Darius. When they are finished with business at the market, we head towards the back door of the mayor's house to sell half the strawberries, knowing he has a particular fondness for them and can afford our price. My friend Madge lives there. She sits in front of me in one class. Katniss shares more classes with her than I do. I mostly see her at lunch or when we sell her strawberries. Once I delivered strawberries all by myself and we talked more than we had ever done at school. She promised me once she would teach me how to play the piano. Being the mayor's daughter, I expected her to be a snob, but she's nice. She just keeps to herself like I did before meeting Katniss. Since all of us really have no group of friends, we seem to end up together a lot at school. Eating lunch together and all. When she opens the door, she is wearing an expensive white dress, and her blond hair is done up with a pink ribbon. She is wearing nice clothes for the reaping. "Pretty dress," says Gale with voice that sounds a tiny bit patronizing. Madge shoots him a look, trying see if he meant it or not. I frown at him. Just because he does not like Madge that does not give him the right to talk to her like that. She is my friend. I'm about to say something when she smiles says "Well, if I end up going to the Capitol, I want to look nice, don't I?" Gale shoot her a confused look and frowns. I snicker, she is messing with him and he can't see it. "You won't be going to the Capitol," says Gale in a cold tone. His eyes land on a small, circular pin that compliments her dress. It looks like real gold, probably is. I imagine how many mouths this could feed if I traded it for food. "What can you have? Five entries? I had six when I was just twelve years old." "Back off Gale," I say annoyed "That's not her fault," Katniss says. Gale shoots me an angry look and says "No, it's no one's fault. Just the way it is," Madge's face has become closed off. She puts the money for the berries in Katniss's hand. "Good luck, Katniss," "You, too, Vera" "Good luck, Madge" I say, and the door closes