winced at the heat of the wax on her privates. Tigris then applied one of the cloth strips, giving it a firm but gentle pat down. She made small-talk with Effie as she worked. "Naughty surprise for your husband then, hmm?" "Erm..." Effie didn't quite know how to categorise her relationship with Haymitch. 'Boyfriend' sounded too informal, like they were just high-school sweethearts. 'Partner' sounded far too formal, like their relationship was strictly a business one. And 'lover', despite its exotic romanticism or nice gender-neutrality, conjured illicit associations of an affair, the cost of cheap motel rooms put on the tab of spousal ignorance. Being the Good Capitol Girl that she was, though, Effie settled on the conservative choice. "Partner, actually. This is my gift to him for our fifth-year anniversary. Ow! Sugar! Preceded by a nice romantic dinner to whet his appetite, of course." "A romantic dinner? Oh, how lovely. Which restaurant will you be dining at?" "Um, it'll be home-cooked. OUCH! Fudgesicles!" "Oh, home-cooked? How...quaint." Effie bristled at the condescension in Tigris's last remark. Well, we don't all go out hunting for our food, she thought bitchily, wishing she had the temerity to say this aloud. Of course, she'd do no such thing—it was most unwise to piss off someone who was waxing your privates, especially if that someone had claws. "It may be quaint, but 'quaint' works for us," Effie replied coolly. Then, smiling wickedly, added, "Besides, the activity that inevitably follows will be anything but quaint." Tigris shot her a sly look and laughed. "So, five years. When do you think he'll propose marriage then, hmm?" The question was an unwelcome one; even cruel. Effie had wanted to marry Haymitch badly, but Haymitch was, in his cynicism, dead against the idea. Marriage was, "A gold ring noose that strangles a man's spirit dead," in his own words. After a time, Effie had to just satisfy herself with the knowledge that at the end of the day, she Haymitch were a couple, even if they weren't legally binded. It didn't matter really, she supposed. They were binded in other ways. In the end, marriage was just another idea she had to let go of, like motherhood before it. Over the years, Effie had become a skilled practitioner of The Art of Letting Go, and all its associated disciplines: She had long ago mastered Repression, and was practically a Zen Master Of Childish Emotions. But still, there remained one or two disciplines at which she was still merely a novice. Nostalgia, for example, tripped her up every time. "Oh, Haymitch isn't really the marrying type," Effie said, suppressing a sigh. "We're happy leaving the relationship as is. We've no need for official recognition. Ow! Contamination!" Tigris's sceptically raised eyebrow climbed a rung higher. "You're both happy with things as they are, or... just he is?" What was this vile woman insinuating? Effie took a deep breath, tried not to let the sudden flash of anger she felt show on her face. This woman had no business interfering with their relationship, none at all! Imagine: Intimating that the lack of a marriage proposal had been a source of friction between them, or that Effie was more infatuated with Haymitch than vice versa. The nerve! When Effie didn't respond, Tigris continued her assessment. "When a man doesn't propose to a woman after a certain time," she said, smearing on a thick coat of wax, "it sometimes indicates a touch of, ah, reluctance on his part, a lack of commitment. You have to stand back from the situation and wonder, 'What is the cause of this reluctance? What's the underlying issue here?'" "There's no underly—aaah!— underlying issue anywhere. We're happy just as we are, thanks." Said a touch too stiffly, Effie knew, but Tigris was really beginning to irritate her. "A ring will bind your union legally. It will cement your relationship in a way that mere roses and chocolates never could." Rip. "OW! Ohhh..." Effie's outrage at this statement had to compete with the fact that Tigris had just done the tender part of one of her lips. Not to worry, had no use for that bloody labia anyway. Good Zeus, this was awful. She bit her lower lip hard and squeezed her eyes shut tightly for a few seconds until the pain subsided. "Do you have a husband?" Posing this question made Effie feel triumphant. Surely, no-one would want to marry HER... "I do! My husband, he is a military man, a former peacekeeper. He's a rugged, handsome man. Big. Strong." Effie felt a sharp pang. She'd had a big, strong husband once. No more. She wanted to hit Tigris; if she had a set of claws she'd tear the feline freak's eyeballs right of out of their sockets. Instead, Effie drew a deep breath. She would not, she resolved, let this horrid woman see her get upset. She would stifle her anger and her hurt just like she stifled the profanities on the pain of the wax. "How nice for you," she said in her clipped Capitol accent. "But we just don't think it's worth the risk. You know, what with the divorce rates and all." Tigris ripped off a strip on a particularly sensitive region. The pain was blinding. "YEEEEOOOOW! Motherfucking son of a bitch-faced cunt!" "Love is always worth the risk. Nothing ventured, nothing gained, after all." She smiled at Effie. "That'll be $30." Waiting for Haymitch to come home that Saturday and receive his special anniversary treat, Effie could feel herself begin to grow increasingly anxious. It's seven-thirty. Haymitch usually knocks off work at six-thirty and gets home at seven. Where the hell IS he? The table was all set, the steam from the Spaghetti Bolognese quickly evaporating into nothing. The clock's ticks sounded like thunder in the silent apartment. Oh, Haymitch. Hurry up and come home. Your delicious treat is getting cold. Effie sighed. The spaghetti was starting to cool off a bit, too.