breasts. They finish their dessert and pay for dinner in near silence, both lost in thoughts. Her legs wobble as they make their way back to Peeta's car, his hand resting lightly on the small of her back. His touch feels like it belongs there. Just light enough to make her feel protected and cherished but not overwhelmed. As they drive back to her place, Katniss runs through their friendship, all the moments grand and small, trying to pinpoint when he became so vital to her life that she'd actually feel threatened by another woman in his life. And she can't. Maybe she's felt this way since he beat the shit out of Marvel against that dumpster. She'd never had the nerve to stand up to a bully before that day, and since then, he's pushed her into a hundred things she never thought she could do, holding her hand the entire way. And hasn't she done the same for him? She's tried to, at least. Peeking over at Peeta, she finds herself disappointed that he's focused on the road. How many times has she glanced over at him to find his gaze on her before it darts away. But as she looks at him, he does glance her way, a slow smile stretching over his lips. Warmth spreads through her. Quiet and soothing. Not the torrent of passion her parents once claimed to have. And somehow, this feels more real. Maybe it's always been real. Her hands shake as they park and Peeta walks her to her door. She fiddles with her keys, searching for a reason to invite him in. It shouldn't be difficult. He's her best friend. "Sorry that turned into a disaster," Peeta whispers. "I really thought you and Darius would hit it off." "I don't understand," Katniss shakes her head. She'd thought he'd set up the date for himself. That she was basically a glorified wingman for this one. "You've spent so much time trying to find someone for me, you didn't even think about finding someone for yourself," he says with a strained smile. "As your best friend, I felt it was my duty to help. I'm just sorry I failed so spectacularly." Her lips twitch at his hijacking of her words from the failure with Cressida. "You don't have to do that," she says, straightening his tie, even though the date is over and in a few minutes, once she finally asks him to join her for Netflix and a beer or something, he'll loosen it or remove it completely, draping it over the arm of her couch. "Besides, you can't make someone fall in love with me." "I want you to be happy, Katniss," he whispers. Her eyes flicker up to his and hold. The air in her lungs seizes as she hears the unspoken words she would add in her head if she were the one speaking. Even if that's not with me. "I promise, next time, I'll do a better job of picking out blind dates for you," he continues with a smile. But it doesn't quite reach his eyes. Or maybe the light is playing tricks on her. She shrugs to dispel the sudden case of butterflies in her chest. "I don't want you to pick anymore dates for me," she says softly, and she can see the second he takes her words the wrong way. Guilt and pain flash across his face, and she grabs the lapels of his jacket as he steps back from her, stopping his retreat. She fumbles for the words to explain it to him. Not unless it's you. Terror slices through her as she feels the words struggling to get off her tongue. The pain and misery her father caused her mother and her and Prim choking them back. Peeta places his hands over hers, their warmth steadying. Constant and unwavering. A million memories surge through her, all the moments when Peeta's hands and arms were the only steady thing in her world, even as they forced her to face her greatest fears. There's just one left, and she thinks that as long his arms are there for her, she can face this one, too. So she stands on her toes and presses her lips to his. For an instant, her world begins to tumble around her ears as Peeta remains motionless. Then he turns them both, pressing her back against her door as his lips move with hers and he sighs into her mouth, the sound one of staggering depth and longing. It echoes in her heart as she winds her hands up to tangle in his hair and his drop to hold her body to his. With each second they kiss, her fears melt away, replaced with a growing hunger, a need like none she's ever known. It terrifies her and she shudders, but Peeta's arms wrap around and mold her closer, sheltering her from the rest of the world, and she knows at that moment. This would've happened anyway. The sounds of laughter echo through the backyard as children race around, lobbing water balloons at one another. The smells of a feast permeate the air and Katniss pauses at the large window in their kitchen to smile at the gathering of their extended family and closest friends. To savor the quiet of the house before she braves the crowd. To this day, she still hesitates at large gatherings. A warm arm winds around her and pulls her closer. She sighs and relaxes against Peeta's broad chest, absorbing his steadiness. "You're giving any toasts or speeches," she says and he chuckles against her neck, the vibrations stirring the same hunger she felt that night they first kissed. She turns in his embrace, looking deeply into his blue eyes, running her fingers over the lines at their corners, etched there over years of laughter and smiles. "Because I don't care if it is our fortieth anniversary. This time, you can't make me."