start with the clothes so I have an excuse for looking in my closet. I grab the five boxes that are stuffed with clothes and set them on the large couch in the middle of my room. I open each one and dump them out. When I was packing I didn't even think to sort the clothes, plus it gives me an excuse to stay in my room a little longer. I start to sort the clothes into jeans, t-shirts, tank-tops, sweaters, shorts, sweat pants, and swimsuits. When I am done sorting out all my clothes I take all my shirts, sweaters, and tank-tops and open my closet. When I do I gasp. The lights are already on; glowing from the small crystal chandler hanging in the middle of the room. There is a small no back couch in the middle of the room that has a small table in the middle of it. When I continue to look around I see the closet area is slit up into four areas for hanging up clothes. And at the bottom of each section is an area for jeans and shorts and other bottoms. Then there is a whole area still dedicated for just shoes. At the end there is a three way mirror and next to it is a door that leads to the bathroom. (I know this because the door is open). I set all the tops on the couch and sit down taking all this in. This is probably the best place that mom has sent us. By far. I look around the room once more then grab a handful of the wooden hangers on the closets rod. I quickly finish hanging up the clothes and go back into my room to grab my jeans and shorts. I walk back into the closet and put the jeans into one drawer, my sweats into another, and my shorts into another. I then run back into the room and grab my four swimsuits, then run back into the closet and place them in another drawer then sigh. I then walk out of the closet out of my new room and walk to Prim's room to find her lying on her bed playing with her laptop that mom got her for getting straight A's. "Hi Little Duck. Did you finish unpacking? At least some of it?" I say jumping on her bed. She laughs and nods. "Hey Katniss," the computer says. I jump up. "What was that?" I say looking around. Prim giggles. "It was Rue. We are skyping! Say hi!" Prim says pushing the computer over to me. When I look down at the computer screen, Rues little face is on the screen smiling at me. "Hi Rue." I say. I then hear loud footsteps marching up the stairs. "Girls! Dinner is ready!" I stand up and wave at Rue. "I will so you tomorrow! Night!" I tell her and walk out of the room. Haymitch is at the front of the stairs. "Hey sweetheart. I made grilled cheese hope you don't mind. Where is the little girl?" He asks looking behind me. "She is finishing up talking with her friend Rue. That was the little girl that was here today." I tell Haymitch as we walk down the stairs to the kitchen. "Oh, that boy that was with her was her brother right?'' He asks. I nod. "Yeah Thresh. We worked together last summer. We are friends. I think he has a girlfriend here. I forget her name though." I tell him following him to the kitchen. It is behind two swinging doors. When we step in I gasp. The kitchen is an Italian theme with a white marble island in the middle. There are three plates set in the middle of the island. Each plate is a different color. "You go ahead and pick your plate. I will be in the living room. All you have to do is walk straight if you want to find me. I don't really care how long you both stay up but I would recommend going to be early because I am not letting you stay in the house all day tomorrow. Plus your friends are early risers I see them running all over the beach at nine in the morning. I hope you have as much energy as them." He says grabbing a plate of food. "Okay and thank you again for letting us stay with you. And thank you again for the rooms. It was really nice of you." I say following his lead and grabbing the green plate full of grilled cheese. He nods. "Glad you are happy." he says then walks out. I pull up a stool and start to eat my dinner. I sit there for about a minute when Prim comes walking into the kitchen. "Wow. This place is amazing I can't wait for tomorrow. Rue says that Thresh can't wait to introduce you to all his friends. Rue says most of them are boys but they all have girlfriends but one. So you can make friends with them!" Prim says happily. I just smile. "Can't wait." I mumble. Prim and I finish dinner and went to my room to watch a movie. We ended up watching The Notebook. One because that is Prim's favorite movie, and two because I was tired and I didn't care what we watched. Right now we are in the middle of the movie and Prim is fast asleep at my side. I sigh and grab the remote to turn off the TV. When I do the only light that is in my room is the light of the moon. I close my eyes and fall asleep into a dreamless night. END OF CHAPTER ONE Okayy this is the first chapter! I hope you liked it! PLEASE review! if i get at least one review I will post the other chapter! I will probably post it anyway but PLEASE REVIEW! xx Kai