I can't let them see my shame! My mother gets me out of the jacket and gasps at my torn shirt. She turns to Prim and orders her out of my room after she ushers Prim out she walks back in with Peeta following her in. "No don't touch me!" I scream panic when he steps closer to me. "No one is going to hurt you!" mother says calmly. I start to panic and that's when Peeta notices it in my eyes. "No" He gasps in pure horror. He's figured it out. But how? "Let me have a minute with her please?" He says to my mother. She nods and leave us be. Once he knew we were totally alone, he walks closer to me and examines my arms without touching me, which are now freed from my jacket. My shirt is off leaving me in my undershirt. I started to panic when Peeta walked closer and saw my shame when I tried to keep hidden and that's when Peeta realized it. "Katniss he raped you, didn't he." He says as a statement rather than a question. I really need to stop underestimating him. He is a lot smarter than anyone gives him credit for. "Answer me?" He demands. I simply nod with watery eyes. He crosses over to me and takes me in his arms and buries is face in my hair. "Who did this to you?" He asks. "You already know who." I say in a low whisper. "Thread" he says through clinched jaw. I feel him hold me tighter. "I don't want anyone to know. Please don't tell them?" I plea. "Katniss they need to know." He replies. "Please I'm not ready." I say with a shaky voice. He nods and lets it go. "Your mother will figure it out when she helps clean you up." He says. I forgot about that detail. "Can you help then?" I ask with a blush. He looks at me dumbfounded and blushes too. "Are you sure?" He asks cautiously. "Yes" I answer He nods and helps me to the bathroom where my mother already set a bath for me. He sits me down on the toilet and turns away from me so I can take my pants off. I whimper and wince in pain when I pull them off. I gingerly pull off my undershirt and try to stand up but my legs are wobbly and I start to fall but he catches me before I fall. He gingerly scoops me up in his strong arms and lay me gently in the warm water. Once in he turns away so I can clean up. I notice the water turn muddy and a hint of red from my blood. I assis my injuries and find that my body is riddled with dark purple and black bruises, a few scrapes and scratches here and there. I wash my body as best I can. I stand up on my knees so I can grab the towel off the floor. I pull myself out of the water and wrap the towel around myself. I can manage standing on my knees rather than stand full erect. I let the tub drain and I pull myself to sit back on the toilet seat. I call for Peeta to return and he does. He walks in the bathroom. I look at my clothes and gasp when I see my underwear. I lift them up and examine them closer. It was caked in blood as well with something else. I hear Peeta make an animal like growl in his throat as he saw what I was looking at. "He came inside you didn't he." Again he says it as a statement rather than a question. "I think so?" I answer unsurely. I think back and I remember feeling him thrust deep into me and stays there for what felt like an eternity. I start hyperventilating at the memory and panic, at what? I don't know! My breathing becomes labored as the flash backs hit me. "Shh its okay it's over now!" I hear Peeta say as he picks me up in his arms and carries me to my bed and sits on it with me in his lap. I look up at him with clouded watery eyes. He gives me an encouraging smile. He strokes my wet hair off my face. He combs his fingers through my wet hair as he holds me safely in his arms. I drift asleep again to his comforting fingers. I wake again but this time I'm lying in my bed rather in his lap. I reach out to search for him but I come up empty. I start to panic when I can't find him. Where is my warmth? My safety? I sit up and search my room and still come up empty. "Peeta" I call out but no response. "Peeta" I call out louder. I wait but nothing. I call him again and the door opens up and I sigh with relief but it's short lived when I see it isn't Peeta it's Thread. "Peeta isn't coming. I took care of that." He purrs as he stalks closer to me. I scramble to back away from his advancement and I scream Peeta's name. "Katniss, Katniss it's okay. I'm here." I hear him say and I open my eyes to see his blue ones looking down at me. He held a weary smile his eyes full of sorrow. He brushes my hair off my face. "He was here!" I say in a panicked voice. "No he's not here. He never was here." He answers. "He said he had taken care of you and he came at me." I cry. "Katniss he was never in here. I am fine I promise nothing will happen to you anymore. I'll always protect you." He calmly says. I look up at him and nod. He gives me a warm smile and holds me closer to him.