I look at him. I drink him in, starving for the details. His hair is shaved close to his scalp, blue eyes radiating kindness and understanding and I wonder how I ever let myself throw away the promise that I see in them. But he's dressed in the black and gold of a naval dress uniform. A future and a scholarship to the Panem Naval Academy awaiting him. I am not surprised. I've kept track of him. Noted each visible bruise or cut. Every last victory and defeat during the state's wrestling championship. The announcement when the Naval Academy accepted him and offered him a full scholarship. He's supposed to be leaving on the train later tonight. His top coat is made to repel water, but it still gathers on his white hat and ears and I move closer so that we're sharing the umbrella. His fingers find mine as the preacher begins. Not a word of the sermon reaches my ears. I hear only the drumming of the rain and the beating of my heart in my chest. I cling to his hand and stare into his eyes and wonder what would happen if I never let him go. And I hope. I hope that he's forgiven me. I hope that I didn't break him too much. I hope that he made love to that girl in the lavender dress and maybe promised her a ring and a future to go with the shiny brass buttons of his uniform because he deserves that kind of happiness. I hope that he doesn't forget me when he's out on the seas. "Ashes to ashes. Dust to dust. May you rest in peace." Peeta blinks as the words hang in the air, then he turns and places a flower on my mother's coffin. A single white lily. I didn't even think to bring one. The preacher asks if I need anything before he leaves us alone, still holding hands. We wait as I try to find some way to say farewell to my mother, but the words escape me. As I turn away from her, Peeta maneuvers so that he doesn't let me go. It's a slow walk back through town and it's only when we've reached the trailer my mother and I lived in that I realize I still have the preacher's umbrella. I'll have to find time to return it to him before I leave. Opening the door, I drag Peeta inside behind me. Wordlessly, he follows. I drop the umbrella and heedless of the mess in my place or the months of silence, I press him back into the door and plaster my mouth to his. One of us whimpers, and his hands rest on my waist. Warmth sparks in my chest and spreads through me, thawing my carefully guarded detachment. Pain follows swiftly and I release a choked sob against his cool lips. When he tries to leave me, I shatter, clinging to his coat and desperately trying to keep our mouths joined. "Katniss. Don't," he murmurs as he turns his head aside and my lips drag across his cheek. His voice is hollow, not angry, and it's a million times more painful than I thought. I bawl into his neck and yank on his coat as his arms tighten around me, and despite his protest, he doesn't go. I lose command of everything and cry until there's snot running from my nose and I'm hiccoughing and unable to control the wails leaving my throat. As the last of my tears drains from me, Peeta scoops me up into his arms and carries me through the trailer. He finds my room and lays me on the bed. As his hands recede, I frantically try to pull him down with me. I don't want to be alone with myself. "I'm not going anywhere," he whispers. "Just taking off my coat." He shrugs out of it, draping it over my open door and placing his hat on my dresser. Then the black jacket, which he carefully places on a hanger in my closet before he helps me with mine and joins me on the bed. I sink into the warmth of his embrace and sniffle through a few more tears. Eventually, I fall asleep, waking when it's nearly dark with my head resting on his chest, his heartbeat steady against my cheek. Reluctantly, I lift my head and observe him sleeping for a few minutes. The rain has stopped. I slink from the bed and rifle through my wallet, pulling out a hundred dollars, although I honestly can't spare it, and tucking it into his coat pocket. I never really wanted his money anyways. And while he's still snoring on top of my Garfield comforter, his uniform rumpled, I take last notes of what he looks like. Now that his hat is off, I can see that he's left the hair on top of his head slightly longer. Just enough to form small waves. I think that might be my favorite new thing about him, that he left some of the wavy locks I fingered and gripped and caressed on a frigid January night. With that last image of him, peacefully sleeping, firm in my mind, I gather my packed bags and leave. The walk to the bus station takes forever. I almost turn back twice, but I am not what Peeta Mellark needs. In a hundred lifetimes, I could never deserve him. So I buy my ticket for District Seven and climb aboard. A/N: This work was originally posted for Prompts in Panem's Round Nine - The One That Got Away. The second chapter should be up within a week. All it needs is some brush up on typos. My gratitude to peetabreadgirl, who graciously suffered through beta reading this and encouraging me to keep going rather than leaping through the internet to strangle me...okay maybe her methods of encouragement resemble Edna Mode's, but I love you anyways, PBJ.