'cuz they lack the drive to better themselves. They say the odds aren't in their favour? I say that's bullshit. It's just a victim's way of rationalising his failures, his inability to man the fuck up and actually make something of himself. Those ingrates should be thanking the Capitol for giving their pathetic lives meaning and purpose—two things they wouldn't have if they were left to rot in the Districts." A righteous mist clouded her eyes; the lights were on but Reason wasn't home. "Think about it. Talented, exceptional District folk get selected to work in the Capitol all the fucking time! If my folks can do it, why can't they? United Districts of Panem—land of the free, baby! People are free here to realise their potential or not, but it just so happens some of the ones who don't are occasionally given a rare—and frankly, undeserved —opportunity: the opportunity to compete in the Hunger Games, to bring glory to their family and their District. Do these moochers react with gratitude? Nope. They flee. They protest. They raise their middle fingers at a system that's trying its damndest to fulfil all their greatest dreams. These seditious traitors don't deserve these Games! They oughta be pre-emptively exterminated like the termites they are." There was a stretch of silence as Effie and Portia mulled this over. Finally, Portia said diplomatically, "There are an astounding number ungrateful people out in the Districts, aren't there? What with all the rioting recently it's no wonder the Capitol has cut off their food stamps and welfare. Some of the violence that's erupting in 10 through 12 lately has been—well, it's been quite shocking." "Yeah, but what can ya do? They're assholes," Enobaria muttered noncommittally, as if she'd lost interest in the subject. There was a glint of recollection in her eyes and she grinned, "So, you guys wanna hear the rest of my gun story or not?" Portia looked vaguely stricken and tried to politely demur, but Enobaria cut her off. "So the first chick's just blown her brains to Kingdom Come right, and now every. Fucking. Person is now looking for that damn handgun so's they can follow suit. I mean, the Careers each had like fucking scythes and knuckle-dusters and crap. Fuck that shit! Now don't get me wrong, if that was me I'd find my own awesome weapon and gut assholes left, right and centre, but you can't expect the dweebs in District Chicken-Shit—which is every District from 3 through 12—to have my kind of gumption. So anyways, the little ass-fuckers are scuttling 'round like roaches trying to off 'emselves, and meanwhile the Game-makers are shitting cinderblocks 'cuz ring-side spectators and the people at home are witnessing children trying to commit suicide right before their very eyes, broadcast live around the nation. So, okay, you know the dudes who are responsible for helicopter-lifting dead kids out of the Arena and junk? Well, now those guys are scurrying 'round the Arena trying to remove the gun before the tributes get to it. Now ordinarily this would be a piece of cake, but there'd been a blackout earlier in the Game-Room. So, with all the telescreens malfunctioning and unable to show people in the control room the particular part of the Arena where the gun was—and this was a huge part of the Arena, we're talking like the size of a fucking football field here—there was no way for the Game-makers to let the dudes on the field know where the gun was. To top it all off, the telescreens would like periodically flash on and off at various places in the Arena, so there was no way of knowing if they'd flash on at the exact moment and location when a tribute was about to pull the trigger and shuck off their mortal coil. The ordeal posed a gi-fucking- normous security risk. 'Cuz you can imagine what rioting in the Districts would be like if people watched their kiddies' televised suicides, right?" She shook her head and grinned. "Fucking nightmare." A long, uncomfortable silence followed. "Well, that was a cheerful story, Enobaria," Effie finally said, her voice terse. "You should write children's books." "It just so happens to be true. But don't worry—it's got a very happy ending!" "I cannot wait to hear it." "So one of the tributes actually discovers the gun, right—" "And he kills himself." "No, geeze, will ya let me finish already? Sheesh! So then, she finds the gun, and wouldn't ya know it, at that exact moment another tribute finds her." Portia's eyebrows formed an anxious pyramid. "Oh, no." "Yup! Buries an axe in her skull, then takes the gun and shoots himself. No idea why he didn't just let her kill herself—hell, wasn't like there was only one bullet left in the gun or anything. I'm guessing she must've pissed him off somewhere along the line. Boy, it was incredibly lucky the cameras didn't capture any of that! Anyway, after that the helicopter dudes found them and took the gun away, and the broadcast returned to normal. So everything worked out okay in the end." Effie stared at her, faintly incredulous. "I beg your pardon? How?" "How what?" "How did everything 'work out okay in the end'?" Enobaria gave her a withering look. "'Cuz the folks at home never saw it, duh. A major security crisis was averted." Seemingly bored with her new companions, Enobaria turned her attention back to the Games. While one hand fondled the remote to augment her predator's vision, the other alternated between greedily swiping handfuls of popcorn into her mouth and raising a cement mixer-sized raspberry cola cup to her mouth. Portia and Effie watched her as she voraciously crunched and slurped, with a blend of fascination and disgust. Some of the cola spilled down her chin. It painted her lips red and glistened like blood as she clapped and cheered for the deaths of her District kin, at home among the powerful.