of appearing confident for the games but wherein lie your skills?" I regard her for a moment. How tedious must it be doing this same routine every year but simply with a different set of kids. Franklin won the games before Rosalina and no one from our district has won in the twenty years since then. That is forty tributes that she has seen die whilst in her care, not exactly a confidence inspiring number but she still manages to do it. "My skills lie in medicine and anything that affects the human body, not much more than that," I said. For anyone who hasn't studied medicine it probably wouldn't mean much other than that I would be able to keep myself alive longer if I was ever injured in the games and not thinking of how it can be used as a weapon. "A good defensive skillset then, no weapons at all I presume?" "That would be correct, I will attempt to learn the knife and axe," that makes sense they're easy enough to understand. "Those are suitable and I'm sure you'll do fine with them. Are you going to attempt team up with anyone perhaps the boy from 7?" "No," I said simply seeing no reason to explain myself to her. "Why? Think of all the advantages being in a group could bring?" "I'd rather not discuss it but for every advantage there is, there are at least two disadvantages," I stated calmly. "All right then, you seem to have everything planned out for now. We'll talk in game tactics when we're at the capitol. Please come and talk to me when you have any questions. Do you have any right now?" she asked in resignation seemingly accepting that there was very little that she was going to be able to convince me of at the moment. "No, I'm fine when will we reach the capitol?" I asked. District 5 not very far from the capitol so I presumed we were almost there. "We are quite close at the moment. Tonight we sleep in our rooms in the training centre but tomorrow is the opening ceremony and preparation for that. One thing you should remember is to just go along with whatever the stylists do to you. It's not as if your prep team has much to do with your body but it's just a presumptive warning, they can be quite brutal." "Thank you," I said with a fake smile. I'm not quite sure what to think of Rosalina other than that she is a very sad individual who seems to be quite set on trying to get me to survive. All victors are interesting people to whom I wouldn't mean being polite to in order to learn something from them. The experience gathered from someone who won the games is much different from anything found in a book or on TV but she is by no means someone that I care about. Thus she is deserving of the same amount of cordiality that I will give will give to an important peacekeeper as she is someone whom it benefits me to stay on the goods side of. As we pull into the station about half an hour later I'm faced with an onslaught of the strangest dressed people I have ever seen. Outrageous colours and some of them had their skin tone changed. I knew how to do this having studied medicine but I never really understood where that fashion trend could have ever come from. Their hairstyles also strange and in the most ridiculous patterns was very odd to me. Seems like so much effort went in to that so that they could impress other citizens of the capitol by looking stranger than they did. As I the citizens noticed us I started waving and smiling at the crowd to their everlasting joy. Since they recognized Joshua and me from the reapings. These are my targets, if I am interesting to them and capitol friendly enough for Snow the games will do nothing that works against me until I do something to upset them. These games are mine, I am the hunter and all the other tributes are my prey. They just don't know it yet. Well I hope everyone enjoyed that, our main character is definitely not a conformist. The reason for her lack of emotions towards anyone she isn't close to in because of two reasons. Firstly is because she was brought up alongside blood and death in the hospital and her father was heavily involved in the ER ward and she witnessed a lot of people dying and has a resistance to it. She has also been cutting open human corpses since she was 10. She has 0 problems with dead people. Secondly is because she was born that way. She isn't a sociopath that will go and kill small animals but she really just doesn't care much and this was compounded onto by her upbringing. It takes a lot for her to like someone but once she does she would be prepared to go to the ends of the earth for that person. Hence why she never gives her father a name. It hurts her far too much to think of his sudden death. She also probably wouldn't have killed and disposed of the rapist so efficiently if he hadn't died yet. I hope that explains a few things about Selene's behaviour if you have any question be sure to ask them in the review section It's definitely different than anything I've read yet. If anyone has read something similar to this please review and I will check it out so that I don't write the same thing. If anyone has ideas for a pairing leave that in the review section. The only person whom I can currently see Selene with is Johanna but if someone thinks that hey have a better suggestion I might consider it. Thanks for reading I'm out