Just in time Tara held her club her to protect her left side, but it grazed her arm a bit, making a shallow cut. It stung when open to the cold, wet air. The blood seeped out and she wiped it quickly, it heating the palm of her hand that leeched into the rest of her. Celine's axe got wedged in Tara's club. Putting in on the ground and stepping on the handle disembedded it, and left Celine weaponless. Tara knocked the girl in her knees, making her fall back. "Celine!" A voice called, then a kick sent Tara flying to the ground, bouncing harshly. Worland had come to her rescue and got Tara before she could bash Celine's head in. Not giving herself time to rest, Tara stood and ignored the pain in her side. Her club had skidded a few feet away, so she picked up the axe. Worland had pulled Celine to her feet and armed her with a knife while he worked on Irelan. Celine eyed Tara up and down. She was a few inches shorter than her, and multiple shades lighter. Tara looked strong and dark, Celine felt small and infantile without strong Worland by her side, so she resorted to bullying to seem confident. "I bet you don't even know how to use that thing." She smirked, walking in a circle around Tara, far from the boys. "I can't believe you were trying to run away. You're so weak. You didn't even want to fight me." A small break in the clouds and a slight raising of the temperature helped uplift Tara. There was still sun and warmth here somewhere, she was so close to finding it too, she just had to fight. Not replying to Celine's advances, she took the axe and made a mock swing to her left side as Celine jumped out the way, she turned and threw all her weight into a right side swing. Taken by surprise, the axe she was just using bedded itself in Celine's right side, stuck in the stomach. Toppled over on the ground, she coughed and screeched. Her dark eyes turned to look up at Tara, tears falling down her freckled cheeks. Now able to grab her club without interference, Tara snatched it up and went back to Celine. "Sorry." she whispered more to herself than to the girl she fixing to kill. Celine shouted for Worland one more time before the club made fragments of her skull. Quicker than Metta, a canon sounded. Distracted by his district partner's final outburst, Worland looked over to Celine's freshly dead body for a second too long, giving Irelan an advantage. Though he was being bested for a while, Irelan grappled his spear in his hand and jutted it through Worland's heart with all the strength he could muster, then pushed him to the ground. Blood started bubbling out his mouth and spewing from his chest. Irelan planted a foot on Worland's torso and wrenched his spear out, flicking off the body matter from it. He and Tara looked straight at each other, ignoring the bodies around them. This was it; in a span of fifteen minutes four tributes had been killed, two for each of them. Tara gripped her bloody club in her hands, eyeing him. Maybe in another circumstance, she would say he was attractive. Maybe she would even go up and strike a conversation with him. But being bloody, malnourished, and set to kill her didn't exactly make her swoon. He jabbed forward, scaring her and making her scoot back, doing just what he wanted. She tripped over a body, Celine's, and fell on her back. Too quick, she thought. Irelan just smirked over her, stalking up to her. She pretended to be hurt, clutching at her backside, but she really was reaching for one of her knives. "C'mon, Ten. You can do better than that." He laughed. He fully leant over her about to pierce her heart, but in a change of movements, she lurched and stabbed the back of his thigh, hopefully severing his rear hamstring. This pivoted him forward, which gave her way to grab her other knife and stick him in the stomach, or at least she tried. He rolled away from her, the slight incline of the mountain face sending him down. She got up, but then realised she was hurt too. Landing on Celine, she was pinned down to the handle of the axe, leaving a slight gash in her back. Ignoring it she stood and ran down the hill with her club. When she reached Irelan's body, he wasn't moving, face down into the grass, not breathing at all, her knife still in his leg. Tara froze. Was he dead? Like that ? Already? She couldn't believe it! She knew the clouds were parting for a reason, she knew there was sunlight poking through! A brilliant warmth and glee spread through her body as she waited for the announcement to- "If I hadn't known better, I'd think you were trained, Ten. But only an outer kid wouldn't make sure their kill is really dead before they start rejoicing." Irelan spoke right in her face, practically hugging her body. Almost identical to Worland, it went through her heart and spewed blood on the both of them. Tara trembled, not yet registering the pain and the death coming to her. "Good luck," he stepped back and let her fall to the ground, slipping down the pole of the spear with a wail. "And good Games." Warmth. That's all she could feel now, warmth, seeping from her body with it, dripping all over her. Warmth . Something came and suddenly Tara was in the air. The heat hugged her as the light brushed through her hair and grazed her skin. As the hovercraft lifted out the arena, Tara was covered in warmth and pure, natural sunlight, and so was her casket as it took her home. She had found it.