he was dead but we didn't know he had grandchildren. " Mary would you please call your brother and tell him to come here." There was pain in his eyes and I couldn't imagine how he felt, Snow now dead was still bring fear and worry about his loved ones. I hesitated " Dad what's going on?" "Mary Rue, now!" My mothers voice was harsh and mean. It scared me and I gave a small whimper and grabbed the phone. No answer. "Go get him!" My mothers hard and mean voice yelled "Come on Cole" I mumbled grabbing my coat and slipping on my boots. "Yes your highness," Cole saluted me. "Don't start with me" Trying to keep my cool I walked out into the snow and walked past the emptied victor houses. "Get Haymitch too" My mom yelled out the door. Briskly I walk past the lighted victor house that he stayed in. I planned on picking him up after we got Lance. When Cole and I knocked on Lance's door he didn't answer. "He's probably sleeping." No duh, I thought, rolling my eyes. I turned the knob and of course it was open. Silently we crept through the dark house. "Is this even his house?" Cole said, acting as if I didn't know where my brother lives "Dammit Cole shut up! Of course it's his house." I walked into his room which was torn apart. I don't come in this room much but it seemed too ordinary. All the blood drained from my face and I darted out the door and to Haymitch's house, leaving Cole there. There was no use in knocking so I walked in. The now aging drunk laid on the ground, knife in hand. 39 years out of the arena and he still sleeps with a knife. "HAYMITCH!" I screamed. He sat up so quick and threw the knife in my direction and I ducked it while he realized it was just me "Shit, sorry kid," he cussed under his breath " Whatever. Someone took Lance!" Just then I almost broke down in tears. "What, does Katniss know? what's going on?" "Just come with me." I pulled him off his puke covered floor and out the door. "Slow down, sweetheart." I rolled my eyes for the third time that night. I hated that name so much I was his nickname for my mom but it somehow got put on me. Somewhere between the houses Cole caught up to us. All three of us burst through the door. "Lock the doors," Haymitch instructed. "Now someone tell me what happened." "Wait, Mary where is Lance?" my mother asked. A growing fear inside me lurched forward, taking me off guard. Out of nowhere I broke out into tears. "I don't know, his room was torn apart and I-I-I just don't know! I'm scared for him." I sobbed in one breath. Mom and Dad's face hardened. My dad broke away from my mom and grabbed his coat. He pulled it on and walked out the door without a word. Quickly, Gale followed. My knees got weak and wobbly I started to fall and before I hit the ground someone caught me. I blocked out all the noises. All I wanted was to go to bed and end this awful nightmare. ~HG~ I woke up around two a.m. in a cold sweat and a fear deep in my chest. When I fell back asleep the nightmare of Lance being taken away from out family resumed. I gave out an awful scream that would scare anyone to hear. Suddenly I saw Cole stick his head through the door of my old room. The room was still a soft pink from when I went through my princess phase. My large bed was on the far wall away from the door. To the left was a window almost the size of the wall, it overlooked District 12's mountainous wooded terrain outside of the fence that no longer kept people inside. I almost forgot he was there until he sat down on my bed. "Gee, you're going to wake the entire district if you don't shut up." He whispered it so gently I couldn't help but laugh. His face got serious. Obviously curious he asked in a hushed voice, "Nightmare?" "Yeah" I managed to choke out. "What about?" "Uh..." I trailed off but regained my words "Lance was being taken from us and I never saw him again, but I would receive letters and at the end a mysterious person would always make sure I knew he was 'alright'. Later I figured out that wasn't tr-" A lump in my throat gave out and I started to sob again. Cole's arm wrapped around my shoulder and soon I fell asleep in his protective arms. I woke with a start when I saw Cole. I sprang to my feet and ran to the bathroom, slamming the door. "No no no what happened. Mary! You can't give into him. He's a sarcastic, pig headed guy. I just can't" Pulling from my thoughts a knock at the door "Hello?" "Mary?" "Yeah dad?" "Will you come out here I have to talk to you" I slowly opened the door. Something about his tone made me nervous. "Mary, we couldn't find Lance..." He trailed off "What!" I said in a shaky voice. It can be happening. No. He's fine he is probably at one of his friends' houses. "The people at the Hob said they saw him being led into an ally, they thought they were his friends." I went into a daze trying to process what was happening. Thoughts racing through my mind as I tried to bring my self to the awful realization that no one knows where he is. "Dad?" My voice was hollow and shaky "Is he going to be OK?" "I don't know Mary" He stops suddenly and I can tell a knot has caught in his throat " I just don't know."