yourself and recognize that we all did what we had to do to make a better world for our families to live in. Everyone is free to live and do what they want to do now. Your spark started a fire that burned down the old dictatorship and lead the way to a new government. Katniss, you need to except your part in this new world and live a full and happy life. Can you do that?" Katniss whispered, "I think so... I HOPE so." Katniss thought that she had destroyed her hope for the future when she had killed Coin. Maybe. It wasn't her fault... maybe... fate just picked her - out of that bowl - on reaping day. It may have been her sister's name that was chosen but 'fate' knew she would never let her sister face the arena. Prim lean over and kissed Katniss on the cheek and hugged her. "Good! Now, I won't have to worry about you so much." She whispered into her ear so quietly that Katniss almost couldn't hear what she said. "I have to go now. But, you will be okay. I promise." Prim stood up and Katniss started to protest. "Prim... please... I can't face life without you here." "Yes, you can. I will always be with you." Prim kneeled down and touch Katniss's heart. "Here... I will always be here. You will keep me here... just like you do daddy." Katniss had tears streaming down her face as she shook her head 'yes.' "Yes... I will. You and daddy will always be alive... right here... in my heart. Always!" Prim stood back up and started to walk into the mist but stopped and turned one last time. "I think you are ready to make your choice, now. I think you know who you really love. The two of you will have a wonderful life together." Prim smiled and chuckled, "Oh, and you will have several children. Make sure you tell them the truth about how their mother changed a nation and how their father saved her. How they found salvation in each other." Prim smiled. "Salvation for two." Katniss watch as the mist rolled back in and surround Prim. As she disappeared before her eyes she heard Prim say, "Oh, daddy told me to tell you that he loves you and he is very proud of the woman you became. So am I." Katniss just sat there in the mist. She wasn't sure what she should do. She had tried to move... to go after Prim but she couldn't get up. It was like she was frozen to the ground. She just closed her eyes. When she opened her eyes again, she was lying on her blankets next to the campfire. She looked over to where Gale should be and he was there sound asleep. Prim was gone. She was really gone. But, why wasn't she crying or screaming out the pain she should be feeling. She didn't feel the need to do either. She did feel an overwhelming sense of calm... of peace. She knew everything would be okay. She looked back over at Gale and realized that there really wasn't a choice to make. Their love had always been genuine and real. Not something that had to be faked for the sake of survival. It had grown and deepened with the passage of time. It had always been Gale. Always! Snow did his best to take him away from her but 'fate' has a way of setting things right. Katniss stood up and picked up her blankets. She went over to where Gale was sleeping and started to lay her blanket down next to his. Gale woke up with a start, "What's wrong... are you okay?" "Yes." Katniss smiled. "I am okay. Can you move over a little." Gale watched Katniss fold her blanket and put it on the ground. He pulled his blanket back so that she could lay down next to him. Katniss put her head on his chest and Gale threw his blanket over both of them. Katniss could hear Gale's heart beat faster and could feel the tension in his body. She knew he wasn't sure about her... about them... what was going on. She couldn't blame him. She had been hard on him. Blaming him for what happened to Prim. She had said terrible and hurtful things to him. But, he had stayed. He had dragged her back out to their woods so that he could help her heal. He alone would have known that this is the only place that would bring her back to life. These woods - that were so much a part of both of them. Katniss smiled to herself because she knew exactly what to say to reassure him that they were going to be okay. "We could do it you know. We could run away. We could make it... you and I." She slowly felt the tension leave his body and his heart beat became steady. "Yes. Yes, we could make it. You and I." "Good. We can leave in the morning." She slid her arm across his chest. "I love you. You know that. Right?" Katniss didn't have to look up to know that Gale was smiling. She could feel it because she was smiling too. Gale chuckled. "I know." As he kissed her forehead he said, "Go to sleep catnip... we have a long walk ahead of us tomorrow. Sweet dreams!" Katniss turned her face up to his and softly kissed his lips. "Goodnight Gale. Sweet dreams!" She laid her head back on his chest where she could hear the sound of his beating heart. A sound she wanted to spend the rest of her life listening to. Then she whispered, "Thank you little duck for my sweet dream." Gale pulled her closer and wrapped her in his arms. Katniss thought, Prim was right, they would find salvation in each other. Salvation for two!