was happy with her new step-father for being so nice to them as well as her mother. They went back up the staircase to the third floor and he said that there were six bedrooms total in the house and five of them were on this landing. There wasn´t much to see, all of the bedrooms were the same, with the exception of two, his bedroom and Prim´s, there was blue and silver decorations, instead of the monotone silver, black, and white façade in Peter´s bedroom and in Prim´s it was a light shade of pink and gold decorations. Katniss was confused and asked Peter; ¨Wait, if this is Prim´s bedroom, where is mine?¨, she asked curiously. ¨Oh, that's a surprise Katniss.¨ Peter answered with a mischievous smile. Prim toured her room for a moment, everything was in light pink or in gold, and she loved it, she had her own perfect pink and gold bathroom, as well as a huge walk-in closet with nothing in it but a gold and light pink wooden chest. It was locked but Peter gave her the key. Prim opened it and gasped. It was filled with stacks of hundred dollar bills all the way to the top, (it was a very large chest, almost prim´s height in length and two feet high. There was also a credit card on top of the money. ¨What is this Peter?¨ Rose asked, gaping. ¨Well, since I don't know Prim's shoe or clothes, size I am giving her some money so that she can buy anything she wants; clothes, shoes, jewelry, perfumes, decorations, maybe some make-up. Anything she wants.¨ Peter said smiling a little. ¨Oh, but I can't accept this!¨ Prim said, stunned. ¨It's yours. You are now my family and my family gets anything they want and need, I have more money than I know what to spend it on. Also, Katniss, here's the key to yours too.¨ Peter said nonchalantly as he walked over to Katniss and gave her the small key. Prim ran over to Peter and hugged him, Katniss and Rose too. ¨Thank you for everything Peter.¨ Katniss and Prim said at the same time. ¨You are very welcome girls, but we still have one more floor.¨ Peter said, hugging them back. Everyone went to the staircase and walked up. There were two doors, only leading to the attic and the other one, to a huge room, Katniss' bedroom. It was all decorated in different shades of green and also gold, she had a forest-like wallpaper on the wall at the back of the bed with green linens and gold cushions, there was a dark green love seat located at one corner with a small dark brown wooden coffee table. The walls were in dark-ish green and had gold mockingjays painted all around. The walls and then I noticed that the key I was holding was a mockingjay in a circle, perched on an arrow that crossed the circle and morphed into the key. There were a pair of dark brown oak with glass and gold doorknobs, I opened them and found myself with a small balcony for two people with the view of a beautiful backyard filled with bushes with white roses, primroses, Katniss roots, and other small, white, wild flowers and a beautiful lake, glistening in the sunset about two meters away from the last primrose bush. While Rose and Prim scanned Katniss' bedroom in awe, Peter went into the balcony with Katniss and asked; ¨Do you like your new bedroom?¨sheepishly. ¨I don't like it, I love it, thank you Peter for being such a wonderful guy.¨ Katniss said, hugging him. ¨Oh, I was very worried that you wouldn't like it, but there is one last surprise.¨ Peter said very quietly so only Katniss would hear. ¨Another one?¨ Katniss gasped. ¨It's only for you so don't tell anyone, I had it made because you're 16 years old and soon will have someone special.¨ Peter said, slightly blushing. Katniss was blushing a lot, while Peter took her hand and walked her over to her walk-in closet. There was the chest in dark brown oak and gold. Peter told Rose that he wanted a minute alone with Katniss, she agreed and left the room with Prim, going downstairs as some guests arrived. ¨So Katniss, you see that the closet has dark green wallpaper with mockingjays and trees on the ceiling as well, as in your room right?¨ Peter asked, while looking at the ceiling. ¨Yes?¨ Katniss answered tentatively. ¨As you can see here,¨ he pointed at the ceiling two meters above the chest; ¨there are four lines that you can barely make out, and a green ribbon that looks like a decoration right on the middle.¨ Peter continued. ¨Yes I can see that, I hadn´t noticed before.¨ Katniss said curiously gazing at the ribbon and the hidden lines. ¨Well, after the party, I want you to pull on the ribbon and find out what it hides.¨ Peter concluded and left a very confused Katniss in her bedroom. ´Well that was very strange´ Katniss thought to herself. She couldn't wait much longer so she rushed as fast as her high heels let her, down the stairs to find Glimmer. A/N: Hey guys, did you like the first chapter? what can I do better? please don't be too harsh on the review, I am going to post the next two chapters today and tomorrow , and then two chapters per day or one chapter every two days, you decide, I just don't want to cliffhang you long, just two hour till the second chapter! -sofie p.s i am starting eigth grade today, so i am going to be really busy this week and maybe the next week so don't get mad at me if i take a day or two of late uploading, there will still be two or threee chapters per week, and if you ask for more, after, i could make a sequel.