and rich and indulgent, and Rokia wraps her hands around it and leans against the wall, watching Lyme. The name's familiar, strange enough that Rokia remembers she's heard it before, but Rokia wouldn't have recognized her on sight. Rokia realizes she's staring and looks down at the mug in her hands. "Sorry," she mumbles, and takes a sip. "No problem," Lyme says, easy, "you want to sit?" They sit on the couch and Rokia tucks her feet up under her skirt-she left her stupid shoes at the door and her toes are cold. It takes a minute to get properly untangled so she can sit comfortably. When she's done she glances over at Lyme, in short hair and pants and looking comfortable without seeming sloppy and she sighs. "I hate these stupid dresses," she says, half under her breath, and she shouldn't complain, especially not to strangers, but it's been two weeks of this shit and she's so fucking tired of it. Lyme smiles a little. "Yeah," she says, "I bet." Rokia looks over. "Did they make you get all dressed up?" She can't really see it, but it's not like anyone ever asked her what she wanted to wear. Lyme actually laughs at that. "Oh, no," she says, "My mentor told them no dresses, right from the beginning." "Oh," Rokia sighs. "I guess it's different." Maybe she should have asked Phillips, but she gets the sense it's not always him calling the shots about that kind of thing. Lyme doesn't say anything to that, so Rokia shrugs. "Whatever, at least I have my own stuff on the train." "That's good," Lyme says, and Rokia nods. "Um…I'm sorry about Creed," Rokia says. "I mean-" She stops, because the next words of that sentence are "I'm not, really," and she knows that's a dumb thing to say, however stupid she's being. "Hey, no," Lyme says, and her voice is kind for all she's twice Rokia's size. "You did him a favor, everyone here knows that." Rokia glances over at her. "Oh." Lyme sighs, runs a hand through her hair. "Yeah, oh." she says. "Look, kiddo, you don't have to apologize for what happened in the Games. Not to me, not to anybody, okay?" Rokia nods, but Lyme's still watching. "Okay," she says, and sips at her cocoa. They sit there quiet for a bit, until Phillips comes over. "Hi Lyme," he says, and Lyme smiles, friendly, and says hello and congratulations. And then Phillips tells her it's time to go, they have to head back to the train to get ready for tomorrow. Rokia climbs to her feet. "Bye," she says, "Thanks for the cocoa." Lyme smiles. "Bye Rokia," she says. "Take care." District One makes Phillips' skin crawl. He tries to push it back because Rokia can tell when he's antsy, if she's bothering to pay attention. She's had a good couple of days, but he's not naive enough to count on that meaning anything. Her stylist is showing off for District One-when Phillips checks on the prep team they're braiding thin silver wire into Rokia's hair, rubbing something shimmery into her skin, chattering on like they always do, while Rokia stares into the middle distance and lets them manhandle her body like something mechanical. She doesn't notice him come in, doesn't notice him leaving a minute later, frustrated and disgusted and wondering if he shouldn't have tried to do something different. District One gets special mention for having the second-place tribute, the media people are all off their train already, along with special reinforcements from the Capitol interviewing people about how it felt to come so close. The outer districts love the underdogs, but the Capitol knows District One, considers them and their oh-so-refined tributes just a step below them, loves it when they win for reasons beyond the one Phillips is refusing to let himself think about. So of course Janus, with his golden-boy looks and vicious grin, was the one they were pulling for. Phillips doesn't care, he got his girl out and they can bemoan it to District 13 and back and it won't make a damn bit of difference, but if they force Rokia to listen to their whining he-well, he'll grit his teeth and bear it, and so will she, because what choice do they have? They don't, because apparently some things are in poor taste even for people who sew diamonds under their skin, but they do drag her around to visit the workshops that produced the jewlery she's wearing today, and she smiles and thanks people and as soon as they're back in the car she shudders and leans against Phillips and doesn't say a word. The crowd listening to her speech is stone-faced, they know better than to show obvious disappointment but they're not going to fake enthusiasm either. The cameramen snap pictures and titter at the contrast between Rokia, small and dark and dressed in brushed steel, and the tall, golden-haired One Victors and Phillips is more than usually glad when it's over. Only a handful of Victors stay for the reception, it's subdued compared to the circus earlier and less horrible than Phillips was expecting. Rokia seems to have used up all her energy being polite for the cameras, and when those disappear she shrinks down, pulling her flimsy shawl closer around her shoulders. The One Victors don't press her to talk, but Phillips catches them giving her frank, appraising looks when they think he's not paying attention. There's none of the pity he's seen in other mentors' eyes, just matter-of fact assessment. He catches someone's eye-Dexter, he's one of the longest-running One mentors-and gets a shrug and a half-apologetic smile in return. They leave as soon as they can. Rokia doesn't say anything on the return to the train, disappears into her room only to come out dressed in work clothes and pass through toward the engine room. Phillips doesn't sleep either. Tomorrow, they'll be in the Capitol.