they sounded, two Hunger Games victors and war veterans discussing the trivial soup he had made, but Katniss had her eyebrows raised, waiting for him to continue his Johanna story. Right , he thought. This is our life now . It couldn't have made him happier. "The new government is setting up councils to represent each of the districts," he explained, dipping some bread into his bowl. "Johanna was here spreading the word and getting an idea of who may be good for Twelve's council." "Wow," Katniss said. "If they're setting up councils… I guess that means a lot of the rebuilding and restructuring is done." "If not done, then at least stable enough to get the new system running." They both considered this in silence as they ate. Some days the end of the war felt like a generation ago, which made the slow progress of the new regime all the more frustrating – the country was clamoring for change, for new leadership and new ideals. Other days Peeta woke up expecting to be strapped down in a damp, bare chamber, feeling wild and unsure of himself or anything he'd ever known. "Johanna asked if I'd want to be part of it," Peeta shared casually. "Part of the Twelve council?" Katniss asked, her tone even. She always got a little cagey when discussing anything political – it had taken a charged outburst aimed at Plutarch Heavensbee for he, Paylor, and the others now in charge to lay off pestering her to have some sort of role in the new government. "Actually she asked if I'd want to run the Twelve council," Peeta explained, shaking his head in amusement. Katniss had put down her spoon, her gaze at Peeta's chest instead of his eyes. "Are you going to?" Peeta abandoned his own spoon and rested his elbows on the table, watching his wife. "I don't think so," he said honestly. Katniss lifted her eyes to finally meet his. "You know, Peeta, just because I don't wanna be part of all of that… doesn't mean you can't, if that's what you want. You fought in the war too. You deserve to be an influence, if you want to be. Especially if they're seeking you out." "I'm not gonna lie to you. The offer is a little tempting," Peeta admitted. "The idea of being at the forefront of forming the country's new democracy? But it would probably be a lot of work. A lot of back and forth to the New Capitol. I already have one time-consuming business here in Twelve; I don't need another that's gonna be taking me away all the time." "You can always hire more help at the bakery," Katniss replied. "And I'm sure you'd be traveling by hovercraft back and forth. They would probably even give you a place to stay in the New Capitol." Peeta stared at her, frowning a bit. "I don't want to leave the bakery in someone else's hands. And I don't wanna stay in the New Capitol." "Why not?" "Because you're here . After a long day I don't want to come home to some empty suite that used to belong to a wealthy Capitolite that watched us kill people for fun, in a city that makes me sick to even think of. I wanna come home from my shop to you. Every day. Here in Twelve." Peeta thought he saw some moisture in Katniss's eyes as he spoke, but no tears spilled over, and a few clearing blinks made him wonder if he'd imagined it. "I want you to come home to me every day too. Is that selfish?" "Not since I said it first," Peeta answered, smiling. "Besides, I have to stay at the bakery. As Johanna Mason said earlier, I bake the best damn bread in Panem." "I think I have to agree with her." They both dove back into their soup, which was now lukewarm. "So Johanna just stopped by to give you a job offer?" "Oh," Peeta said, swallowing, now nervous. "She… had some other news, too." "Oh?" "She's started seeing someone." "Really? I didn't think Johanna was the dating type." "I guess we've all changed," Peeta said. "You used to not be the marrying type, remember?" "I admit I came around to seeing the practicality of it," Katniss acquiesced with a teasing look. "Plus, I think my mother had been scandalized enough with us living in sin out here." "Right," Peeta nodded mockingly. " That's the reason." "So who is it?" she asked. "Uh, a guy she works with." "Huh. Well, good luck to him," she said, lifting her brows. "I think he'll need it." "Yeah… I bet," Peeta agreed. He made the split decision then to not tell her the full story at this time – not when they had just smoothed things over from yesterday's fight, when this was turning into a nice, calm evening. The news of Johanna and Gale could wait. "More bread?" he asked, standing to grab a few more slices. "Please," Katniss agreed, giving him a playful grin. "Can't turn down a bread offer from the best damn baker in Panem, can I?" "No you can't." Peeta brought a slice of the hearty grain bread to her, handing it over. As she reached out to take it he put his other hand on the back of her chair and leaned forward. She took the bread but kept her face close to his. "Nothing for the best damn baker in Panem?" he asked. "How 'bout a thank you?" "I was thinking something a little more affectionate." "Ah," she said, nodding. They both were smiling as their lips met in a kiss. "How was that?" Peeta sat back down across from her and lifted his spoon. "I'm not sure I feel fully appreciated, but we can further discuss that after we finish eating." "You're ridiculous," Katniss laughed. No, he would definitely be telling her about Johanna and Gale some other time. XXX