inside of her and she follows, her vision tunneling, thighs trembling. Her body quakes beneath him, tremors wrack her legs as she squeezes her walls around him then loses control and they clench on their own. Katniss's mouth opens in a silent scream that releases in a final stuttering curse and his name before she goes limp on the table and lets the pleasure roll through her. He rides out his orgasm with a few last erratic thrusts before he collapses heavily against her back. They lay there, listening to the other draw gasping breaths. His hands skim over her slick skin, lips caress her back. Her legs are jelly; his weight keeping her from sliding to the floor. Her only regret is that she couldn't see his face. Sweat trails over his arms, pools between them and she shifts restlessly beneath him. Peeta kisses her back then tightens his arms around her and pulls them upright. With careful motions, he turns her then bends to cup his hands behind her knees, sweeping her up and linking her legs around his waist. She clings to him as he sways and then takes a few steps towards the door. He has to pause a moment, one hand braced on the wall, but when he pushes away, he breaks into a run, racing up the stairs as Katniss laughs. Taking them into the bathroom he shares with Finnick and Johanna, he sets her on the counter then starts the shower. Coming back to her, Peeta cups her chin in his hands and examines her flushed, sweaty face. "You're unbelievably beautiful, Katniss." He fuses their lips again and relief flows through her. She's not sure what she expected. A callous redressing and a "Thanks for the fuck. Have a good life"? Not likely. He ends the kiss and he pecks her nose. "Be right back." He's only gone a few minutes, and the water has warmed, so she undoes her braid and steps under the spray, sighing at the soothing feel of it against her skin and her now aching muscles. Thoughts intrude. What now? She's leaving tomorrow . She's leaving tomorrow. It may have been better if they'd just had a casual fuck instead of…what exactly was that if not a casual fuck? She thinks of the words he poured in her ears and against her skin and how his touches felt both soothing and sensual. Had she planned on having sex with him? She did suggest strip pool. What had she hoped to gain? A memory of him naked for future lonely nights? Well she got that and more and now she's got no idea what to do with it. Desperate for a distraction, Katniss picks up a bottle of soap, flips the lid, and sniffs. Not Peeta. She looks around the shower a moment before finding another bottle and sniffs that one. Peeta. She lathers herself with his soap, thinking maybe she can scrub away some of these feelings. This is just like her to go and complicate things. "Katniss?" She peeks around the curtain and tries to smile brightly at Peeta. He's carrying their clothes from downstairs in a bundle. His body still glistens with sweat. His skin pink, cheeks rosy and eyes bright in a post-orgasm glaze. His curls are a mess, and she can see the evidence spread across his groin, although he's already discarded the condom. And he thinks she's beautiful? She needs to speak. He said her name like a question. Speak, Katniss. "Hey." Really? Is that all she can manage to say to the guy who just fucked her brains out on the pool table? "I asked if you wanted me to get you clean clothes from your room. I don't want to mess up your packing." Her packing. What has she done? She can see it in Peeta's eyes, too, the dawning realization that things just got horribly messy. She takes a deep breath and shoots for damage control. She shakes her head. "No, it's fine. Come join me?" It's his turn for relief as he piles the clothes on the counter and climbs in with her. He steps behind her, allowing her to remain in the stream of water, and shampoos her hair. She leans back into the touch as he massages her scalp. She ducks and turns, Peeta laughing as he twists his hands to keep massaging her scalp. Reaching behind him, she grabs the shampoo and pours a glob into her palm. With a wink, she smears it over his hair and mirrors the motions of his fingers. He inhales through his teeth and closes his eyes a second. When he looks back at her, the naked desire is back. Fingers still soapy and tangled in each other's hair, they move together. Their wet skin makes a squelching noise and Katniss laughs into Peeta's mouth. It's a slow kiss, all swollen lips and secret smiles, suds running down their wrists as they keep their hands firmly in each other's hair. The water has started to cool when they pull apart. Without a word, she tips her head back into the stream and Peeta helps her rinse her hair. They switch places and she peppers kisses over his chest and shoulders while he rinses. Then she helps him wash his body. Her stomach flutters when he towels her dry and hands her the stack of her clothes. She pokes her head out the door and listens to the house. It's still silent, so she grabs his free hand and pulls him down the hallway to her room where she grabs a clean pair of underwear before tugging him back out into the hallway and to his room. The door slams behind him, and Katniss flings her clothes and the towel off to the side. With a grin, she pulls off his towel too and pushes him down onto the bed. Might as well, she decides. Since she's not leaving until tomorrow.