to tell Peeta, after all, she just came back to him. She doesn't want him to worry even more about her, and she'd rather protect him, for once. Peeta knows something is wrong. At night, Katniss lays very still, but gets drenched with sweat, and feels like she has an awful fever. As soon as she wakes, it all goes away. He suspects he knows, and when he confronts her she submits easily, "It's true, Peeta, I'm so sorry." She explains her dreams to him, and watches as his eyes widen. Peeta swallows hard, feeling the panic mounting, "But, you're barely fourteen, it's too early. No one has been reaped before sixteen in decades." "No," she grimaces, "it isn't. The younger they start, then supposedly-" He cuts her off with a loud groan, and scrapes his hand over his face and into his hair, "I know. The younger they start the more powerful the affinity to the element. Katniss, we've got to keep this a secret. Or hide you somewhere. They'll take you away!" He's pacing, trying to come up with the best plan to sneak her out of the cottage before they have to go home. "Peeta, I can't leave Prim, you know that. We'll keep it a secret, alright? I mean, it's up to the parents to report their children for reaping, right?" She snorts, trying to bluff through her own fear so that Peeta won't worry even more, "It's not like my mother will pay enough attention to even know she should." Peeta hates it, but has to agree on that point, and he knows there is no way Katniss would ever leave her little sister. She loves her too much, and ever since the accident with her father, she clings to those she loves that much harder. He still has to try and convince her though, she is in too much danger, and he can't stand the thought of someone taking her away and putting her through the Games. "Katniss, it isn't just your Mother. If anyone finds out-" She takes his hands in her own smaller ones, staring at his pale skin against her dusky tones, and interrupts him, "We won't let them, okay? I won't tell anyone and neither will you. I'll be fine." They agree that they should keep in touch themselves, instead of relying on their parents to relay any information, using Katniss' mother's unreliability as the main reason for this change. They write to each other weekly, and almost immediately Peeta receives a letter that distresses him greatly. Katniss tells him that during the summer, they took the neighbor boy, Gale Hawthorne. He was almost sixteen. He's the youngest they've seen in years, and now any officials are paying extra attention to the children in the right age group. She also writes that she knows his family, that there is no way his mother or siblings would have turned him in. It had to be someone else. She is afraid, and Peeta's heart clenches in fear, and he finds it hard to breathe through. But she's alright. Every time he gets a letter from her, he knows she's alright. Every night, he looks at the painting he made of her, and hopes with all his might that she'll stay safe. While Katniss admires her painting, she hopes she'll see him again. Her next letter comes, she says she's getting headaches and they're getting harder to hide. She explains she's getting the urge to try and tap into her abilities and it's hard to deny it to herself. The dreams are getting worse, more intense, and they're sapping her of her energy. Katniss tells him she's starting to look sick, and she's afraid someone will notice soon. She says she misses him. By mid-December, Peeta has stopped receiving letters from Katniss. He has written to her several times, each letter more frantic with pleas of her to just answer him to let him know she's alright. He's half mad with worry when he breaks down one morning and asks his father if he knows anything. He's met with stony silence from the Duke, and the Duchess clucks her tongue. "Oh, that girl was reaped and sent to the Games, Peeta. I always said she wasn't good enough for you. It's best you forget about her now, and look to your future." Peeta shakes his head, "No, that can't be right!" he looks to his father for help, but his sad countenance only confirms what his awful mother has told him. "When? When did this happen?" Maybe if it was recent enough he could do something. Stop it somehow. He's the Duke's heir and she is his betrothed, maybe he can save her. "Three weeks, Peeta, and you know the Games only last two." He looks to his mother, sitting across from him, with her smug smile, dressed in fine linens and jewels. She should be in mourning, they all should! As that thought crashes through his mind, he starts to hyperventilate, feeling the walls of the room crashing down. He runs to the stairs, and makes it to his room before he slams the door and collapses. His palms are slick, and his brow is beaded with sweat, yet he feels like ice is pumping through his veins. He can't get up, the weight on his shoulders is too heavy, and he finally lets his tears fall. It's been three weeks and the testing only lasts two. If she wasn't sent back then…that meant Katniss Everdeen is dead. So, first time writing anything in about five years. I've been pretty busy, but THG fandom has really just sucked me in. I absolutely love Everlark, they are my OTP. So, please keep that in mind now, I promise a HEA for them. This was written for Prompts in Panem Round Five: Language of Flowers. Day One is Primrose "Childhood". I hope that you enjoyed this, I had a lot of fun writing it!