every thrust had Marvel moaning as his prostate was battered and those moans ran mostly together, with a few breaks for breaths. Cato panted as he thrust as hard and fast as he could, and sweat dripped from both of them. Then, Marvel's hips thrusting back against his stopped, he moaned even harder, and his eyes glazed over as he came. Cato came from watching him come. Cato pulled out, exhausted, but still vigilant. "Mine," he hissed at Marvel. Marvel sleepily nodded. "Say it," demanded Cato. "Yes, Cato, yours," Marvel said, eyes falling half shut. Cato pulled Marvel up from the ground, feeling like an ass for not letting him sleep, and grabbed their clothes and weapons. He then dragged Marvel to a nearby stream where they both washed. After getting out, they dressed quickly and grabbed their weapons before returning to the Cornucopia, Marvel's eyes falling shut so often that Cato wondered if he was sleepwalking. He kept an arm around Marvel's waist and guided him back to the camp. "What happened?" asked Clove and Marvel when they got close. Cato rubbed his hair sheepishly as he looked at the ground. "I kind of got annoyed at him and threw a rock at him," he said. The two girls gasped. Cato chuckled. "So I guess it's my responsibility to make sure he gets better, right?" The two girls looked at him with stern looks. "It's okay," Cato said defensively, "I didn't hit him that hard. Still, it might be better if I stayed with him to wake him up and make sure I didn't give him a concussion." Clove and Glimmer looked at him meaningfully, and Cato walked past them into the Cornucopia, his arm still around Marvel. They each had a small part of the Cornucopia designated as theirs, and they even had unused tents strung up from the ceiling to give them privacy. Cato guided Marvel into his own bedroom, and then curled up around him protectively. Marvel slept peacefully. Later that night, Cato awoke to sounds of whispering. He opened his eyes cautiously and saw Glimmer and Clove had entered into his space, and were each holding knives. Cato watched as they came closer, raising them and preparing to plunge them down into his heart while he "slept". Cato was glad Marvel was sleeping. He waited until they got ready to stab him, and then he rolled out of bed and slammed into Clove's legs, grabbing the sword that he'd left beside him while he slept and throwing it into Glimmer's chest. He then wrestled Clove for the knife she held. "Cato?" came a sleepy voice from behind him. Clove gasped, and tried to back away, but Cato held tightly onto the knife she held. She panicked and let go of the knife to turn and run, but Cato just threw it at her back, and she, too, collapsed and lay dying. "I was going to let you both live until morning," he told them emotionlessly while he pulled his sword from Glimmer's chest and slit both of their necks. "This works too," he said, and then he wiped the blood off of the sword's blade on Clove's shirt and walked back to the bed. Marvel was awake now, and staring at him. "You're not going to kill me, too, are you?" asked Marvel. "No," said Cato, "because you belong to me." Marvel smiled at him and lay back down on the bed. Cato set his sword back down on the floor beside his bed and curled up next to Marvel, falling asleep at the sound of two cannon booms. When it came down to it, Cato and Marvel were the last two living. They stood on top of the Cornucopia together. Cato spoke his thoughts out loud. "You belong to me," he said, "and so I can't let you live. I can't let another touch you when I'm gone. But yet, I can't kill you, because you are mine. I would die before I hurt you. I would die before I hurt you, but I can't let another have you. There must be a victor. But neither of us will die." His mind made up, Cato turned and yelled at the sky, holding Marvel securely in his arms. "I'm giving you two options," he said. "First, I kill Marvel and then I kill myself and you have no victor. Second, you have two victors," he declared, confidence in his voice. "Cato, what are you doing?" asked Marvel worriedly. "Don't you trust me?" asked Cato, instead of answering. "Just kill me, Cato. Then you can win. You can live." "No." "Then I'll kill myself," Marvel said, pulling a knife out of his sleeve. "No!" said Cato, knocking the weapon away, off the edge of the Cornucopia. "Why?" asked Marvel, confused. "Don't you want to go home? See your family? Bring honor to your district?" "No," said Cato, "because you belong to me. I do not want you to die. Therefore, you will not die." Marvel smiled tenderly at Cato. "I love you, you know." "You are mine," was Cato's response, and Marvel understood that Cato had grown up not knowing love, that possession was the closest thing to love that Cato had ever known, and that this declaration was as much as Cato could say. Marvel turned and walked to the edge of the Cornucopia. "Move on," he said. "I want you to be happy," and he stepped off before Cato could stop him. Cato watched as Marvel, obviously with a broken leg, dragged himself to that damned knife and plunged it through his heart. "NOOOO!" yelled Cato, despair overwhelming his voice. "GODDAMN YOU, MARVEL!" Marvel lay dead, and Cato, Cato didn't wait for the voice to get further than, "Ladies and Gentlemen, the victor of the 74th Hunger Games, Cato-" before he shoved his sword through his own heart. It was the first time the Games ever lacked a victor. And it started a rebellion.