that a Galaxy Quest reference? Peeta: No…no it is not Katniss: THIS EPISODE WAS BADLY WRITTEN! Peeta: I knew I liked you She loves how he always manages to make her laugh in the face of whatever problem she's dealing with but when she's just venting, listens without comment beyond "That sucks. I'm here to listen whenever you need me." Two months after they start e-mailing, she has a regular spot singing at Sae's and has enough songs to compile a decent album should that ever become her reality. For now, she's singing, working, taken a newfound interest in poetry, and saving her money to maybe one day produce that album on her own. With everything that's transpired online, Katniss counts Peeta as one of her friends. So she shouldn't be surprised by his most recent e-mail. Hey Katniss, I'm going to be in Nashville next weekend visiting my cousins. Would you be okay with me stopping by Sae's to hear you sing? We wouldn't even have to actually meet. I could just be a random audience member to you. Wow, that sounded a lot more stalker-ish than I meant. Not that I meant it to be stalker-ish at all. Crap. You know what. I've re-written this thing at least eight times now and it keeps getting worse, so I'm just gonna leave it. I'd love to be there, though, if it's alright with you. Peeta His awkwardness makes her smile. Usually Peeta is so smooth, so good with his words, that this flustered message makes her blush and shift in her chair. It takes her two hours and a couple drafts of her own before she finally settles on short and simple. Hey Peeta, Okay. I'll allow it. Just bring cheese buns. I'm dying to try these things since you won't stop bragging about them. Katniss His response comes in the morning. Really? Alright. Well, I'll see you then. And the cheese buns are on me. -Peeta Did I come up with an original bread pun? -Katniss Pssssh! No but the scope of the ones you submitted was impressive. Cheese buns for effort. Tell me. Do you prefer golf clapping, rock concert yelling (YEEEEAAAAHHH!), friendly heckling (Sing it girlfriend!), finger whistles, or air horns? -Peeta ANYTHING but finger whistling. That is the most obnoxious sound to ever obnoxious. And I think Sae might kick you out if you use an air horn inside her club. -Katniss Well look at you, using fangirl lingo and everything. You read that fic I recommended? -Peeta Yes and I'm going to haunt you in the afterlife. I can't unsee that and it's driving me mad. -Katniss Saturday night brings swooping butterflies and sweaty palms. She keeps licking her lips and scanning the crowd, wondering which one is him. Would he have brought his cousins? There's a cheerful group of mixed boys and girls right near the stage. Maybe one of them is him? She has no idea what he looks like. She should have asked him to post a picture at some point in the past four months. When she catches herself biting her nails, she chastises herself. "You're being ridiculous, Katniss. It'd be worse if you knew which one was him before you got on the stage." Not certain she believes herself, she retreats to a back room in the club to warm up her voice. Once she takes the stage and the music starts, the worries and fear fall away. He's already a fan. After all, he was composing poetry for her long before he knew her name. The reminder gives her strength, and she loses herself in the songs. Part way through the third song of her set, she locks eyes with a young man at a table just off the left of the stage. For a moment, she's trapped by his stare and although she keeps singing, she could have slipped into Itsy-Bitsy Spider and not know the difference. His gaze is just so intense. As though he already knows her soul and her secrets. Tearing her eyes away from him, she focuses on another part of the audience, but she can't shake the blond man or the feeling of warmth that spreads through her at the thought that he's probably still watching her that way. As her set draws to a close, the butterflies kick up again. She's going to meet him. Peeta. Here. Now. In a minute she'll know what color his eyes and hair are. Hear his laugh and his voice. Will he hug her? She's never been much of a hugger. Close personal contact like that freaks her out. But she thinks maybe she could make an exception for Peeta. The song ends and she takes a bow to a decent amount of applause. A sharp whistle off to the left pierces her ear. Someone just finger whistled at her. When she looks over to find the source, the strange blond man is grinning guiltily, and for a moment, the air is sucked out of her lungs. That's him. She's sure of it now. Wiping her palms on her jeans, she leaves the stage and makes her way toward him, a smile starting to form on her face. "Katniss? I uh, promised cheese buns," he says, holding out a box labeled Mellark's Bakery . She notes that his eyes are blue, his hair is an ash blond and a bit of a curly mess. And he's cute. Really cute. And saints above, that smile. "Not as fresh as I'd like, but they should still be unbelievable. And uh…I'm Peeta." Her smile takes full form as she reaches out to take the box from him. Their fingers brush in the exchange, sending a thrill up through her skin and down to the soles of her feet. "Well, Peeta, what'd you think? Better, worse, or the same in person?" "Better," he says without hesitation. "Definitely better." And something tells her he's not just talking about her performance.