thing for her to be caught in the Seam, of all places. "Madge?" Madge's fist stops mid-knock, and she turns to Katniss, holding up a small package. "Take this. Please," she adds, seeing Katniss's face. "What is it?" "Fever-reducing capsules. My parents keep them in the house, but please, take them. Gale needs them," Madge replies, already shoving the package into Katniss's hands. "I-" "No buts." "Thank you, Madge," Katniss says quietly, all objections erased from her mind. She hates owing people anything, but she's not in a position to argue. Madge nods, pivoting and running down the street towards her house without another word. A new seed of cautious hope inside of her, Katniss pushes open the door and presents the capsules to Hazelle and her mother. "Gale, you need to swallow this," Hazelle says, two little pills in her palm and a glass of water in her other hand. Katniss helps shift him into an upright position. His face is blank and hollow, dark circles under his eyes. Gale doesn't question what he's being given and gratefully takes the medicine with water after being told that it will help him. Hazelle strokes his hair for a few minutes and murmurs to him before getting up to tend to the other children, leaving Katniss alone with Gale. She sits on the floor beside him. "Gale?" "Mhmm?" "You'll get better, okay? I've got you." "Mhmm." Katniss feels lighter in the morning when her mother informs her that the fever had broken overnight. After school (which Katniss didn't attend), Prim comes home and tells Katniss that Madge wanted to know how Gale was doing. "What did you tell her?" Katniss asks. She's no expert at love by any means, but she's not naive enough to miss the stares that a majority of the girls at school aim towards Gale, and even though Madge is extremely discreet about it, Katniss's sharp eyes have caught her enough times to raise suspicion. "I told her that the capsules helped a lot and the fever broke." "And?" "She looked relieved, I guess." "How did she even know Gale was sick?" Katniss asks softly. "She asked me why you weren't at school a few days ago, so I told her," Prim says sheepishly. "She must've actually cared about Gale to give over those pills, though. Mother says they're really expensive, even for the Capitol." There's a knot in Katniss's stomach at that when there shouldn't be. "I should go to work tomorrow," Gale says, finally able to sit up without support. He'd downed two bowls of broth in the last five minutes, and he's now working on a bowl of thick stew. "Gale, really," Katniss says, rolling her eyes. She sitting cross-legged across from him, spooning her own stew into her mouth. "I'm serious. They've probably already cut my pay for missing the past two weeks," he replies, making a face. "I will personally make sure you don't go to the mines for the next three days, at least," Katniss says, standing up to collect both of their bowls. "You still need to heal completely." "But I feel perfectly fine," Gale argues, moving his arms around spasmodically to prove his point. Katniss frowns at him. He huffs. "Could you at least take me to the woods?" Her skin almost stings when she accidentally brushes his hand when getting off the bed. They're both moving quietly through the forest fifteen minutes later, Katniss feeling somewhat at peace for the first time in months. Gale coughs every so often from beside her, but that's okay, because it's better than him lying immobile in a bed or down in the mines. When they reach their meeting place, Gale insists on going hunting but Katniss refuses, and they go on like that for a while before they both give up and sit against a wide tree silently. "Never do that again," Katniss says, and she feels Gale's gaze shift to her. For some reason she's on the verge of tears at this one sentence because everything that's happened has finally caught up to her. "I can't promise you anything, but I'll try," Gale says lightly. "I mean it," Katniss says firmly, except it doesn't come out as stern as she would've liked, and is surprised to find her voice is quivering. "Catnip," Gale says softly, looking at her now. "What's wrong? I'm alright, aren't I?" "You scared me," she whispers, looking away. Breathing is suddenly harder. "I- I don't-" "Don't what?" Gale asks quietly when she fumbles. "I can't lose you. Please. Not you too." What little composure she had crumples and she feels Gale's arms wrap around her. She almost flinches away because the contact is electric, but she buries her face in his side because she doesn't want him to see her crying. He gets it, and doesn't say anything until she straightens back up on her own. "You won't lose me," Gale says, looking her in straight in the eye. Impulsively, he leans towards her and even though Katniss's mind is telling her to run away, she stays put and instinctively reaches her arms out for his neck, and just like that their lips mesh together and the electricity from before is a full-on storm. They part after a few seconds, as if that was some sort of test, and immediately meld back together again, shockwaves running through Katniss's whole body as their lips move together. Gale mouth trails down to her jawline when they run out of air between them, his lips barely skimming her skin. "I won't leave you," he breathes into her neck, and she shudders. Gale pulls back and holds her against his chest. She grips him tightly, breathing in his scent of pine and oranges tainted with coal dust. Katniss promised herself when she was only twelve that she would never love anyone but Prim, much less fall in love with someone. She's realized there are some promises you just can't keep.