laughing as she watches him struggle to remove the shirt-garter-sock ensemble. Still laughing when his lips return to her neck, his hands to unclasp and discard her bra. But she stops when he tumbles them back onto the bed and takes her breasts in his warm palms, claims her mouth once more with his. Katniss smiles into the kiss and runs her fingers through his hair, gives them a gentle tug. Peeta groans and nips gently at her lower lip, his hips thrust against hers. "You have no idea how long I've wanted to do that," she confesses, thrusting back and tugging again. He covers her in open mouthed kisses, starting at her neck, pausing at her breasts until she's tugging urgently on his hair and panting, teasing at her navel and eliciting gasping giggles as he tickles her. His hands travel lower than his mouth, slipping inside her panties. "Katniss," he moans out her name when he finds what he's looking for and she forgives him all the stupid endearments she hates him using for her if he'll just say her name like that every time. Peeta slides up her body, their skin sticking in places. He goes back to kissing her neck, but leaves his hand to work pure effing magic. She's warm all over and making embarrassingly loud noises but everything he does feels impossibly good. "Do you have any idea how sexy you are?" Raising an eyebrow at him, she lowers her voice and purrs, "Shut up and get inside me, Peeta." He drops his forehead to her shoulder for a moment and his hands lose their rhythm with his laughter. "Holy hell, Katniss." But he does what she asks, fishing a condom out of his wallet and rolling it on. When he's done, she grabs his hips pulling him towards her and guiding him. His hands clench on either side of her head, gathering the sheets, and his mouth falls open. He goes slowly, letting her adjust, the muscles in his stomach twitch with the effort of holding back and she thinks he's one of the most erotic things she's ever seen. Katniss pulls her knees up and locks her ankles around his hips, swiveling hers underneath him. "You're killing me," he groans. "What a way to go," she says in her low purr and pushes against him, triggering him to start moving. It's like nothing she's experienced before, laughing with him as he picks up the porno voice and spills dirty words between them, gasping at the pleasure they create in one another. She's laughing so hard she can barely breathe and there's a stitch in her side, but there's also the building of something burning and intense, deep inside. He kisses her around their mirth and pushes her over the edge. She's still shaking, although she's not sure if it's residual laughter or her orgasm, when he gathers her in his arms and rolls them over. But her leg gets caught in a sheet, and he slips from her. They're tangled and Peeta's cursing. "They don't cover crap like this in sex-ed. But they should. Rolling Over Without Losing the Rhythm 101." "With an Advanced Option in Transitions to and from Standing Positions," she quips. "Playboy, at the least, should do a feature on this." Katniss sinks down on him, cutting off his words. She wastes no time rolling her hips over him and after that neither of them can speak, too lost in each other and their shared laughter. It isn't long before his fingers dig into her hips and he arches his back, shouting her name. The new angle is enough to send her tumbling after him. And she likes that version of her name even better. Satiated, Katniss collapses on his chest, his arms wrapped snugly around her. At some point, he leaves to clean up and she vaguely feels him giving her a sponge bath before climbing back in beside her. But in the morning, Peeta's gone. All that's left of his presence in her room is a mess of pillows, a crummy two sentence note, and an ache somewhere near her heart. Her movements are mechanical as she showers, finishes packing, and checks out. She drives in silence, not even bothering to turn on the radio, and resists the temptation to drive to his city instead of hers. Once in her apartment, she reads the note again: Katniss, Had to get an early start and didn't want to wake you. Call me when you get home. -Peeta Then she crumples it up and throws it in the trash. She has lots to do, she tells herself as she unpacks from the wedding, cleans her apartment, checks her e-mail, calls her mother and her sister, and devises a plan to end world hunger…instead of calling him. It's almost 9 when her phone rings. She glares at his name and puts the phone back down. By the time he calls again 30 minutes later, her walls are firmly in place. "Hello?" "Katniss! I was starting to worry about you." "I'm fine, Peeta." He must hear something in her voice because he hesitates a moment. "Listen, about last night—" "You don't have to explain anything. It was just sex, Peeta." She counts to eight, listening to his breathing before he speaks again. "Right. Okay. Well, I'm glad you made it home alright." "Since I've got you on the phone, we should talk about a few things for Gale and Leevy's wedding. We've only got three weeks to get everything finalized." "Yeah, sure…fire away, darling," he says in that strained distant voice she heard last night, after he'd pushed away from her. They finish dealing with everything on her list and hang up, their good-byes formal and stilted. Katniss brushes her teeth and curls up in her bed, willing herself not to do something stupid like cry. TO BE CONTINUED…Look for Part 2, Khaki Shorts & Hiking Boots, on Day 4 (Green)