"Why do you do this?" His smile wavers, but he responds. "What do you mean?" "Why do you do this? Why does Johanna do this?" I question. He explains everything to me briefly, and I don't press for too many details. He started his career as a criminal, not by choice, but because it was forced upon him by a man named Snow. He was kidnapped by some henchmen of Snow and ordered to begin stealing and performing some robberies and heists on a small scale a few years back. He couldn't fight back because Snow threatened him, using Finnick's dad, mom, and little brother. Something similar happened to Johanna as well, but her family was actually killed. Even without any sort of real leverage, Snow still forces her to work for him to this day. This past year, Snow has ordered for Finnick to do a lot of larger scale jobs, and he's had no choice but to obey. What happened today was one of those larger scale jobs, and Cato, the leader of the group robbing the bank, commanded Finnick to be in charge of grabbing someone for insurance. He happened to be standing close to me so, naturally, he pointed the gun to my head and not someone else's. "Finnick, I'm sorry this happened to you," I say softly. Finnick just shakes his head. "I'm an Odair. I'm strong. But let's not dwell on this or what happened today. So, you said that you're a music teacher, right?" I nod. "I teach at a middle school close by; I'm in charge of chorus, and I help with keyboard every once in a while if my colleague needs some extra help." "That sounds really nice. I don't know what I would have done if I actually finished college," Finnick says. "I had delayed going to college for a few years after high school, went for about two years, and then found myself working for Snow. By then, it was too late to finish." "What was your major?" I question. Sighing, Finnick answers, albeit reluctantly. "Music." I pause. "What?" I'm not sure if I heard him accurately. "Music," Finnick repeats. "I studied music for two years before having my dreams torn down by Snow. You're right, Katniss – Music is everything. But ever since I started working for Snow, I couldn't bear listening to the radio or playing it on my phone or singing or playing my guitar. I refused to have anything to do with music ever again. You've literally brought music back into my life, kitty. I've listened to more music today than I have in the past five years." Somehow, a smile lights up my face. "I'm glad." We arrive at District Seven, and a man is there waiting for us. Finnick introduces him as Haymitch; he seems like a rather rough and surly man, a bottle ever present in his hands. Either way, he's polite most of the time, and Finnick loves him like another father so I love him too, even though he calls me "sweetheart" and taunts me a lot. Johanna is up and at 'em, yelling at a number of different people. She's waving her hands very animatedly even though it's around midnight now, and most people are half asleep. I know I am; Finnick escorts me to my room and tucks me in gently before leaving to go to his own room next door. "'Night, Finnick," I call before he leaves the room. "Good night, Katniss," he says. "I promise; Snow won't find us. And if he does, then I'll protect you with my life." "I know you will," I answer before drifting off to sleep. We sit together; I sing, and he plays his guitar and harmonizes. By the time the last chord is played, I'm curled up by his side, smiling contentedly. We're Odairs, and we're strong. "Thank you for saving me, Katniss," he says. "No, fish boy," I cut in. "You saved me – You saved me from Snow even though you kidnapped me in the first place." Finnick chuckles. "Well, that fact makes things sound kinda stupid, doesn't it?" "Either way, you helped give my music meaning," I respond, burying my face into his chest. "I love you so much, Katniss," he says, wrapping his arms around me tightly. I eye the glint on my left hand with a smile. "I love you too, Finnick." And I know, that without that dangerous bank robbery, I wouldn't be where I am now – Home. And what does home mean? Home means safe and sound. Home means warmth. Home means security. Home means love. Home means music. But most of all, home means Finnick, and that's fine by me. Hey everyone! OK, so this is kinda odd for me because I'm posting to the Hunger Games fandom, not the Legend of Zelda fandom... But I love the Hunger Games, and I'm a huge Everlark or Everdair fan... (MY OTP IS EVERDAIR!) I just think that Katniss and Finnick are great for each other without Peeta and Annie; seriously, if Peeta and Annie weren't there, Everdair would be canon. They're so much alike (yet so different) and so good for each other)... But, yeah... This is going to be a 100 Everdair one-shots challenge - I hope this storyline made sense; I was trying to cram a lot in with so few words... This could seriously be a full-length fic... Anyways, I'll be accepting requests, but so far, I already have quite a few fics pre-written. ^^ Look at me all proud... By the way, updates are gonna be SUPER erratic now that I'm in two fandoms at once... O_O Please favorite/follow because I'll be super grateful, and if you feel so inclined, please do drop a review (NO FLAMES) down below - it makes my day ^^ Seriously, though - REQUESTS ARE ACCEPTED! ;) Just had to make sure... ^^ Thanks for reading! LOVE! and *smiles* :D ~Elsie {Katniss}