the bag Johanna is holding feebly. I roll my eyes at her and enter the lobby. The Mellarks… I have seen the bakery downtown plenty of times. I now know why I have never seen any of the Mellark children at school. My father had mentioned before that they were very religious and kept to themselves mostly. That explains the homeschooling. The Mellark Family Bakery is the best in the district. My mother used to bring home their cheese buns- they were my favorite. I know they have had loss in their family. Their eldest brother passed away a hero in the war a few years ago. I remember seeing it in the news and in the papers for a couple of weeks. Their father also passed away a year later. That was also a huge blow to the town. Everyone loved the old baker. A feeling of pity seeped into my gut. I know what it's like to lose a father, but I could never imagine losing a sibling. I cherish Prim most of all. The thought of losing my baby sister hurts. I pass the next two hours entering all the new clientele's information into the system, taking my time as there was nothing much to do until closing time. I munch on a granola bar in the meantime, setting an even, steady rhythm to my work. The mundane, repetitive work is soothing in a way. The door to the warehouse opens and I spot Reese. He jogs to my desk, sweaty from his workout. His bag hangs from his shoulder as he leans into the counter slightly out of breath. "What are you doing this weekend?" he asks suddenly, his eyes boring into mine. My mouth opens in shock. Is this guy seriously asking me out? I haven't been on a date in so long, and that was a blind date set up by Conall with one of his friends. I did it as a favor, and the man was a drag. I don't usually have the time for it now that business is booming, or the willingness or confidence to seek out a date like so many girls in town, and my age, do. "I, uh, besides work nothing too exciting," I stammer out, not knowing how to handle this situation, a situation that I am definitely not used to being in. Reese's smile widens at my answer, his blonde hair glistening in the florescent lights. I fidget with my hands nervously. "Great! That's great," he says, tapping the counter top with his knuckles. "Would you like to have dinner with me this Friday?" I raise an eyebrow, studying the six foot three man in front of me. What does he see in me? Curious, I look at him from underneath my eyelashes. I've seen countless girls do this before when talking to boys. "Reese Mellark, you just met me and you're asking me out on a date? You work fast, don't you?" I tease, shuffling paperwork on my desk to occupy my shaking hands. I must look like an idiot. What the hell am I doing.. .? He smirks and nods. "I told you, I like what I see." I feel the familiar warmth of embarrassment kiss my cheeks. In my experience, not a lot of people like what they see. I mentally wave those thoughts aside and take a deep breath and finally look him in the eye. "Sure." "Sure?" He seems surprised. Was he expecting a no? Maybe I should have said no… "Sure." Why the hell not? How long has Johanna been nagging at me to get out of the house? Reese's smile breaks out into a blinding grin and laughs. "Fantastic! How about I call you in a couple of days to work out the details?" Reese says, taking one of my cards from the counter and waving it in my face. I laugh at his excitement and out of relief. Flirting is not my forte and I'm glad it's over. "Yeah, that sounds great," I say, smiling softly. I can't believe this is happening. Katniss what are you doing? This day is so fucking weird. "I will call you," Reese says with a smile, his back leaning against the front door. I nod and shoo him out the door from my desk. He laughs and with a wave, vanishes. I sit back into my chair, still completely shocked over what happened in the last two minutes. Next weekend should prove to be interesting. He's not awful looking. Definitely far from awful. I could have done worse. Work rushes by quickly and before you know it, seven rolls around and the last gym goer has left the building. Johanna and I spend the next hour cleaning and reorganizing the facility for tomorrow morning. We finish in no time and lock the front doors, hurrying to the car before it could possibly get any colder. Johanna starts the car and I sit in the passenger seat shivering, regretting not bringing a thicker jacket. This spring weather was not feeling like spring at all. "So," Johanna starts, fiddling with the heater knobs. "Who was that guy?" She looks over at me and smirks. I roll my eyes at her and wave her off. "Oh come on, Kat. Tell me! Did he ask you out? He could not stop staring at your ass while you were showing him around." Jo wiggles her eyebrows and laughs when I swat her away. "Stop that. And yes. He did ask me on a date. This Friday," I finish, looking anywhere but at Johanna's face. Johanna, especially, knows how I am when it comes to the opposite sex: awkward, uncomfortable, and insecure. Her eyes widen, a slow grin inching across her face. "Katniss Everdeen has a date," she huffs proudly, smacking the steering wheel and lets out a loud whoop. I laugh nervously and shake my head. Am I seriously that bad? "Yes. Katniss Everdeen has a date."