and hollers coming from all around us. We're used to that sort of thing. It's not like we've never kissed in front of an audience before. "What's this I hear about you and me getting married?" I ask him teasingly. "I swear, I only told Haymitch," he says. I raise an eyebrow suspiciously. "Yes, and I'm sure Haymitch just couldn't wait to tell everyone." "Okay, I might have mentioned it to Thom when I applied for the building permit," he confesses. "Thom probably told Delly." "Really? That's odd." This tidbit of information takes me by surprise. "I didn't know Thom and Delly even knew each other." "Well, apparently, they do." Peeta's eyes dart over to some point to my left. I look in the direction he indicated, and see Thom and Delly several yards away, talking, laughing, holding hands. "They've been getting pretty cozy lately," Peeta whispers. "I see," I say in a hushed tone. "Thom and Delly, huh?" Thom is about Gale's age, and used to work in the mines with him. Since returning to Twelve, he has thrown himself into the reconstruction. He's been the go-to guy for the building permits, and ordering supplies. Delly is my age. While she and her brother survived the bombing, their parents were not so fortunate. They ran the shoe shop before, but Delly hasn't expressed any desire to reopen it. "So you got the permit?" I ask. "Not yet," says Peeta. "It has to be approved first, but once that happens I can go ahead and order the supplies." "Katniss! Peeta!" I look around to see Delly hurrying toward us with Thom in her wake. In one arm, she's carrying a package that must have just arrived on the train. She throws her free arm around my neck. "I'm absolutely thrilled for you!" "Thank you, Delly," I say. I will always be grateful to Delly. After Peeta was hijacked, she was very instrumental in his recovery. She and I became pretty good friends after that. "Congratulations, Katniss," says Thom, extending his hand. I shake it. "Well, I've gotta get back to work." He turns to Delly. "I'll see you later." He kisses her on the cheek. The look he gives her suggests she's the most beautiful thing he's ever seen. "I should get back, too," says Peeta. He places a light kiss on my cheek. "Soon as I'm done here, I'll call it a day." He gives Delly a nod. "Good seeing you, Delly." "Take care, Peeta," she answers. She then turns on me. "Do you realize you'll be the first couple to marry since we all came back?" she points out. "I don't know," I say, eying Thom emphatically. "From the looks of things, we might have a little competition. I saw the way you two were into each other just now. How did that happen?" I've never been one for girl talk, but Delly and I have become close, and we now have this in common, so... Delly's smile widens. "We met a couple of weeks ago working on Greasy Sae's house, and just got to talking, and ever since we've been on the same projects. Of course, he's the one that passes out the assignments, so I know it's not just a coincidence." "What's in the box?" I ask, indicating the package she's carrying. "School books," she says. "I'm going to be a teacher." "Oh." Another surprise. "No more shoe shop, then?" Delly shakes her head. "That was my parents' thing." "Well, you'll make a good teacher," I say. "They'd be proud." Tears begin to form in her eyes. "Thank you," she says, dabbing them with her shirt sleeve. "Well, I need to go find my brother. Let me know if there's anything I can do to help with the wedding." "I will." I spend the next few minutes wandering around the Square, and eventually find myself at the new Memorial Building. I walk up the steps and go in. It's a one-room structure, about the size of my bedroom in the Seam, and completely empty of furniture. Peeta lent his talent by painting murals on the inside walls. On the wall opposite the entrance, in large letters, are the words WE REMEMBER. Upon its completion, a service was held honoring those who were lost. After a few words by the mayor, we were all invited to write the names of our departed loved ones in permanent ink, wherever we could find the space. I comb through the names trying to locate the one I wrote. A few jump out at me—Rooba the butcher, Madge, Delly's parents—but Primrose Everdeen seems to be lost in the sea of the seven thousand others. "Here she is." I jump at the sound of Peeta's voice. I didn't hear him come in. He's pointing to a spot about five feet away from where I was searching. "Right next to my family." I can't stop the tears from coming. Peeta puts his arms around me and holds me close; I bury my face in his jacket and let the tears flow. We stand there wordlessly for a long time. After a while, I look up and see he's crying too. "Will it ever stop hurting?" he asks. I'm not sure if the question was meant to be rhetorical, or if he's actually asking about my experience since my father's death so many years ago, but I answer it anyway. "Not completely." I reach up to wipe his eyes with my thumbs. He returns the gesture. "Time will take the edge off, but you'll always miss them." He kisses my forehead. "I could never face this without you," he tells me. "There would be no life for me if your name were on this wall." We stand there in our silent embrace a few minutes more. Then he takes my hand, entwining his fingers in mine. "Come on," he says. "Let's go home." Together, we walk down the road back to the Victor's Village.