them to the floor next to them. He couldn't help but stare at her and she couldn't help but blush lightly. He reached his hand out and take a lock of her honey curls between his thumb and index. "This" he whispered "is the real you". It wasn't a question, so she stayed silent, looking at his every move. He dropped it and plunged his hand into her hair, pulling her to him again. They were only kissing and he felt himself almost at the edge, yet. He stood up with her, not breaking the kiss, and pulled down her dress to her waist. She reached it and made it pool at her ankles before kicking it away. He pushed her towards his bed and when she laid down on the sheets he found himself on the top of her. Haymitch roamed his gaze along her body. She was thin, of course not like District 12's girls (who usually starved to death) but in an healthy way. He could see her ribbons, just under her small breasts. Her slender legs were open. His eyes fell onto red bruises on her collarbone, up to her neck and down between her breasts. He kissed them, feeling a surge of anger against the hideous Gamemaker who left them, and he heard her hold her breath and a moan escape from her throat. He caressed her right leg from the knee up to her thigh, gently stroking her through the material of her panties. She mewled at the contact and bucked her hips to meet his touch. Haymitch felt himself stirring in his pants, but held the moan that had come to his lips and leaned down to kiss her again, circling her clit with his thumb and stifling her sighs with his mouth. "Don't be noisy, sweetheart. The kids are in the room next to this" he said, with a light grin, before insert a finger into her. She gasped, staring at him. Her eyes were wide and dark. Her cheeks red and her lips swollen. "We are travelling at 300 miles per hour and they're sleeping" she sighed as he began to move it "They can't hear us" "You wanted to say that they can't hear you" he correct her when she groaned at his touch. She smiled and then reached her hand out and stroked him through his pants, making him moan pretty loudly. " Us" she clarified. He kissed her again and he pulled his finger out of her. He reached his belt and began to unfasten it. Effie's hands were playing with the elastic band of his boxers. He groaned slightly. "How long do you want to tease me, sweetheart?" he whispered, pulling down her lingerie. She smirked and did the same with his, kissing his neck and biting his earlobe. Haymitch set himself between her legs. He didn't ask her if she was sure of what were going to happen next. He knew that she didn't deserve to beg anymore, and that they both were at the non-returning point. He entered her slowly, kissing her lips when she let out a moan of pain. Probably Lucius Hellsfly wasn't known to be a gentleman. Haymitch sunk into her until the hilt, then stayed, waiting for her consent to move. She blinked few times, a wince of pain on her face. But then, she circled his waist with her legs, pulling him closer. He began to thrust into her. It was slow at the beginning, and he knew it was right because he could see her face gradually soften and her moans turn into cries of pure pleasure. Her hands were on his shoulders and she clung at him like she could fall if she didn't. Her lips were on his neck, her tongue licking gently the hollow of his throat, on his cheek and, at the end, on his own lips. She was kissing him and it was like if he was the sweetest thing in the world. "Haymitch" she said, after a while. "Yes?" "You can…go faster, if you want" she whispered with a blush. He blinked, considering what she had just said. "I don't want to hurt you..anymore" he murmured. She couldn't help but see his eyes full of desire, so dark to seem black at the very first sight. She nodded but circled his waist with her legs again. "I know, but you could never hurt me unless you'd stand up and go away this instant. You could never, ever, hurt me this way" she kissed him "and I don't think I could resist anymore, I want to feel you completely". He laughed shortly, returning the kiss. "Pleased to please you, then" he told her, beginning to thrust harder and faster into her. She shut her eyes closed, hugging him with her nails into his flesh, her breasts pressed against his chest in a way they couldn't say where her body ended and where his began. His name fell from her lips so many times and in such a way that he knew he barely could hold himself further more. He slid one hand between their bodies and reached her centre, starting to rubbing it slowly then roughly. He felt her body tense around his and she cried out, her eyes shut, her hands on his back pulling him against her. He kissed her deeply, waiting for her riding her pleasure. He thrust into her one more time before he came at his edge, growling and letting out a chocked groan. Effie hold him until he stopped shaking, and then they were panting hard, their breaths loud and deep, their foreheads pressed together. He rose up and stared at her, stroking her damp hair. She returned the glance and pressed a kiss on his forehead. "Thank you, Haymitch" she whispered, looking into his back-gray eyes. "Why are you thanking me, Effie?" he asked. She smiled slightly. "You made me feel loved. For the very first time."