edge, clawing at his back and calling out his name desperately as I feel myself contract around him. A second later, Peeta is there with me, his body stiffening beneath mine, his arms squeezing me against him and biting down on my shoulder as his cock throbs inside me and his come spills out, filling me with him. When we come back down to earth and our breaths calm down a little, Peeta kisses my shoulder and we fall back down to the mattress. He slips out of me and then rolls us so we're laying on our sides facing each other. I close my eyes and relax as he caresses my cheek tenderly. I'm about to doze off when his hand stops. His breathing is not even so he didn't stop because he fell asleep. I open my eyes to find worried blue orbs looking at me. "Peeta, what's wrong?" I say, running my hand up and down his arm and a little afraid that maybe he's going to have an episode. "Do you think we hurt the baby?" he asks, his hand immediately going to caress my belly. I have to chuckle. "Peeta, the baby is fine. I don't think we hurt him or her." "Are you sure?" I smile and put my hand over his and caress the back of it with my thumb. "I'm sure. My mother was a healer and now is a nurse, remember. She explained how this works to me a long time ago." "So we don't have to stop making love during the time you're with child?" I laugh now. "Don't worry. Nothing will happen to the baby. So no, we don't have to stop making love during the pregnancy." He pushes me onto my back and talks to the baby through my stomach. "Now I love you even more," he says and kisses my belly before moving to cover us both with the duvet, then he wraps me in his arms and we fall asleep like that. Eight months later The pain is too much. I'm sure I've never suffered a pain such as this before. I feel like I'm breaking the bones of Peeta's hand with how hard I'm gripping it. My body is covered in sweat and aching, like it's been for hours. This pain seems endless. My Mom is in between my legs, telling me to push, that we're almost done, just a little more, but I barely hear her. After months of happiness mixed with anxiety, the day finally is here. Peeta and I are finally going to meet our child. He believes it's a girl, but in my mind's eyes, I see a blond haired boy looking like a tiny version of his father. Another contraction hits me and I squeeze Peeta's hand again as I ride it. "I can't do this anymore," I sob. "Yes, you can, Katniss," he says, using his free hand to dab my forehead with a towel. "Little Peanut is almost here." "I see the head, Darling," my Mother says. "Just one more push. Push. Now." I bear down with all I have. I feel something slipping out of my body and then I hear it: the high pitched cry of my baby. My child is finally here. I start to cry myself, tears of happiness. "It's a girl, Sweetie," my Mom says. "Peeta, would you like to cut the cord?" she asks him. He looks at me questioningly. I nod at him and he leaves my side briefly to follow my Mother's instructions and cut the cord. When he returns, he starts to comb my hair back from my face while my Mom cleans our daughter up. "You did it, Katniss," he tells me. "She's here and she's perfect. She is like a tiny version of you. I love you. Thank you for her." "Here she is," my Mother comes over with my no longer crying baby. "You wanna hold her?" I don't answer. I just extend my arms in her direction. My Mother hands over my daughter and I immediately cradle her close to my chest, afraid that she is going to slip from my hands. I look down at her for the first time. Peeta is right: she's perfect. Rosy, chubby cheeks; perfectly pink, pouty, tiny lips; dark lashes, as long as her father's, but curlier; porcelain skin. Her little head is covered in a smattering of dark, fine hair. I run my finger down her soft cheek and she wraps her tiny, perfect fist around it, making me give a little laugh. She opens her eyes at the sound and there it is, the part of her that is Peeta: her eyes are the brightest blue I've ever seen after her father's eyes. "Have you thought of a name?" my Mother asks us. Peeta looks at me expectantly, showing that the choice is mine. I smile down at my daughter again. "Felicity," I say and look back up at Peeta. "Felicity Mellark." Peeta's smile is the biggest and brightest that I've ever seen. "May I ask why that choice?" He's not questioning me or complaining; he's just curious. "You were so happy when I told you about her. And I feel like she'll bring even more happiness to our lives from now on." I didn't want a name from our past, to put the burden of a ghost on her tiny shoulders. Naming our little girl 'Felicity' was my way to start our future with a positive look. "I love it," he says. He sits beside me on the bed, drapes one arm around my shoulder and kisses my forehead. Then he looks down at our daughter, caresses her cheek with a finger just like I did and says: "Welcome to the family, Felicity Mellark." A/N: read my other fics and come find me on tumblr as karycautivo... thanks for taking the time to read... I hope you enjoyed it... let me know what you think ;)