first they went to? Somehow I fall asleep there on the windowpane. My dreams are filled with blood and explosions and it's a blessing when I'm shaken awake. I blink my eyes open to see Gasty. His face is melancholy and he points to the T.V mounted and the far wall. It's flickering to life and a woman I recognize as Coin comes onto the screen. "Its over," she says, "We have captured your President and he has unconditionally surrendered. I am now the President and we will be patrolling Panem. Any Capital citizens who try to fight us will be punished." It turns off and it's completely silent in the room. No one can believe this is happening. A little girl starts crying and soon enough the room fills with whimpers and sobs. I feel depressed and defeated but no tears come. I see Gasty is the same way. I grab his hand and pull him over to me, setting him down next to me. I lay my head on his shoulder and clutch his arm. His presence makes me feel safer. "What's going to happen to us?" I whisper, scared of the answer. He strokes my hair. "I don't know," he replies. This makes me panic. Gasty always knew. Always. "Why?" I ask, "Why did President Snow do that?" He looks at me for a long moment. "It wasn't President Snow." "But the hovercraft had the Capitol's seal on it." "If he had a hovercraft don't you think he would use it to escape." I let this sink in. "So it was the Rebels." It seems so obvious now. Gasty doesn't say anything. Eventually portions of the little food that was managed to be saved gets passed around. I take small bites of mine, realizing I wasn't really hungry even though I haven't eaten for a couple of hours now. Father and Bright slide in next to Gasty and I. We spend the next few days in that cramped room. Blaire didn't get attention until the third day, and when he finally does it doesn't really do much. All they can do is make sure he doesn't have any infections. Thankfully, he doesn't. He still hasn't woken up and lies on the ground next to my family. More updates are broadcasted on the T.V. President Snow had been trialed and found guilty. Katniss Everdeen herself was doing the execution herself. So she had survived her burns. To keep ourselves busy my siblings and I make up games to play. Gasty's brilliant at coming up with new things and Bright always has a way to make them exciting. They take the old game of Tic-Tac-Toe and change it to Tic-Tac-Dodge. Don't ask about the dodging, you don't want to know. Depression and defeat still weighs on everybody's minds though and the sound of tears never stops. I become more inspired as I watch Gasty cheer-up the little children. He must be freezing without his jacket, but if he is he doesn't show it. Finally the day of President Snow's execution comes. Blaire wakes up just before we leave. Rebels file in and march us down the short distance to the front of the mansion. Hundreds of Capitol citizens are there, all watching the raised platform in the front. All of the other people flooding the streets are Rebels. They outnumber us at least eight to one. I clutch on to Gasty, Father and Bright and take comfort with Blaire behind me. They are now my lifelines in the ocean of fear flooding my mind. People file onto the stage, including guards, officials, Rebel leaders, and victors. I watch Peeta's burned yet still handsome face as he takes his place. He seems angry, very angry. Bursts of cheers erupt from the Rebels around me when Coin steps onto the balcony. Then Katniss steps out, looking stiff but sharp in her Mockingjay suit. The crowd grows louder and I shrink back, trying to look small. She turns profile and waits until they march President Snow through the doors. The noise grows deafening and my heart drops to my stomach. They tie his hands to a post, though I doubt he would run. Katniss reaches for her single arrow and notches it, aiming straight for the white rose over President Snow's heart. He coughs and bloods drips down his chin. My breath becomes faster as I wait for the arrow to fly. Katniss pauses, probably for dramatic effect. Her and President Snow's eyes meet just for a moment before she sends the arrow flying. It's in the air for less than a second in it seems before it hits its target. Striking the beautiful white rose it enters the President's heart and he slumps forward. Dead. The majority of the crowd goes nuts. I expect joy to show in Katniss's face, but her eyes are hollow. She's escorted off stage and that's the end of it. Coin starts talking. "Things are going to be different from now on," she says, her voice ringing throughout the circle. "Things will be fair between all people. Everyone will do their work and what they earn for that, and no more innocent lives will be wasted." Cheers respond to her words and I feel as though I'm slipping away from reality. "To celebrate this new era," she continues, "and to make up for all those who had to suffer through Snow's selfish plans, we have one more thing to do." She pauses as anticipation rises in the crowd. "In two weeks from today, we are going to have a final Hunger Games. This one with Capitol children." This brings me sharply back to reality and makes my blood run cold. My breath catches and I squeeze Gasty's hand, begging him without looking at him to tell me this won't, this can't, happen. He squeezes my hand back reassuringly, but I know there's no denying what's going to come. The 76th Hunger Game was about to begin.