I'll come up with something soon because class is about to start. I walk into the holding room for my AR Dueling lesson today. As soon as my teacher spots me she calls me over. Oh, I hope I'm not in trouble. She pulls me into a secluded corner of the room and starts to whisper in my ear. "You will not have to go into the Dueling Arena this period." I sigh in relief. "Really?" i ask, not believing what I'm hearing. She nods and continues, "But you will stay with me the rest of the day and go in during 6th period." A puzzled look replaces the smile on my face. "Tyler's class?" I ask, Tyler and I's friendship is no secret from the whole school. "Yes Tyler's class." She confirms. "Actually we are going to use you to test Tyler." "Huh? Isn't the Dueling Arena enough to test him?" I ask, making sure nobody is overhearing our conversation. "As you well know Tyler is one of the top Careers at this school. He has mastered the ability to hurt, hunt, and kill in the arena and now we need to test him on a mental and emotional level." She says, observing my expression. "W-with me?" I ask, growing uneasy. "Yes, with you." She says. Even with her strict and tough composure, I see a bit of sympathy in her eyes. "I know you don't want to be the tribute this year and when you do this I won't make you fight for the spot." She says, giving me no choice in the matter. But, it will keep me from being tribute so it can't be all bad. I nod. "What do you need me to do?" (Tylers P.O.V.) I stride confidenty into the AR Dueling waiting room, where the small class of 20 people are waiting for the class to begin. As soon as I start to lean against the back wall the bell rings and I smirk, this is going to be a great class. "Alright class! You all know what we are doing today, but instead of letting you choose your partners you will all be going into the arena at once!" My teacher says, showing her seniority. Hmm, this slightly messes up my plan. Now I'll have to defend myself from 18 other people while going after Cole. I'm not worried though, I am obviously the best in this class and my plan is fool proof. "If there are no questions, everyone please step into a tube." She says, gesturing to the tubes that take you into the Dueling Arena, similar to the ones that take you into the arena. I step into the clear plastic tube thats only big enough to hold my body and I feel adrenaline kick in. This is my favorite thing part of my week, no doubt. (Alice's P.O.V.) Two hours later, sixth period is about to enter the Dueling Arena and I'm already inside of it, with a knife lodged deeply in my shoulder blade. I didn't think it was going to hurt this bad. Basically, our teacher wanted to test how Tyler would react and fight if somebody he cared about was in danger. So that lead her to stabbing me for real and sending me into the room, as soon as Tyler hears my cries he will know it's me. He knows my cries better than anyone, he is the only one who has heard them. As much as I don't want the other students to see me crying, I can't help it. I think the knife went into my shoulder blade and I'm screaming in excruitiating pain. I hear the sounds of the tubes being lifted into the arena. "3,2,1, Go!" The familiar voice calls, signaling the studens to leave their platforms. I scream loudly an start to sob as I fall onto my chest so that the knife in me is visible and sticking up. Tyler immidiately spots me and starts sprinting to my side while everyone just stares at us. "Alice? What happened, why are you here?" He yells, looking straight into my eyes. I shake my head, not having enough words to tell him the made up story. "Knife, shoulder, pain." I sob, wishing I could be doing anything but this right now. "Hold still." Tyler soothes, pulling down the back of my shirt to examine the wound. Cole seizes the opportunity and starts charging towards Tyler, but at he last second Tyler stands up and starts fighting Cole while I continue to sob. I can't tell what's happening between Tyler and Cole, but I know that I am close to passing out because colors are starting to blend and my vision is fuzzy, like looking through a clouded window. "Tyler!" I plead, needing help and relief from this pain. I hear Tyler yell and then a body drop to the ground. I'm not sure if it's Cole or Tyler but suddenly I feel a hand on my lower back and somebody is examining the wound. "Alice? It's me." I hear, from the voice that can only be Tyler's. I sigh in relief, I was worried that it was Cole. "Losing blood." I pant, my vision getting worse by the second. I hear Tyler sigh, knowing what he has to do. "I'm going to pull it out Alice." He says sadly. "Just breathe, breathe." He instructs and he grips the handle of the knife and yanks it out. I feel my bone crack and I scream so loudy, anyone within a miles distance must have heard last thing I remeber is seeing blood red and then I blacked out. (Tyler's P.O.V.) Alice is in the hospital, she will be there for a while but she is okay. On another note, lets just say, I've taken care of Cole. Now who's next? A/N: This is supposed to be all of the story but should I continue? Would you read it if I did?