felt dizzy, and sick, but I didn't want to let it show. I didn't want them to see me as weak. So when I reached the stage and climbed up the stairs, I grinned at the crowd, and even threw wink at the cameras. Lucia looked absolutely delighted at me, and she squealed. "Oh, this one looks like a fighter! How old are you, Finnick?" "Fourteen." I answered, still grinning. I was feeling faint, and my heart was pounding in my ears, but I couldn't let it show. I couldn't let them see how this was affecting me. I wouldn't let them see me as weak. "So young and so brave!" She exclaimed, grabbing my arm with one of her glittery white hands. I stared at it and tried to get my vision to focus as she raised my arm and Cora's and proclaimed to the crowd "Let's give a big hand to District 4's tributes of the 65th Hunger Games, Cora Misty and Finnick Odair!" The applause was louder this time, and I noticed my friends from school clapping loudly and cheering. I threw them a grin and a wink at the girls, some of whom appeared to be crying. Crying? Why were they crying? Over me? Strange. Lucia led us off the stage, where we were led by peacekeepers to the Justice Building. This was where we would be able to say goodbye to our friends and family, possibly for the last time. I was left alone in a big room with blue walls with wave patterns and plain white floors. I realized, as I sunk down on a white sofa, that this was real. I gripped my pounding head with both hands as I realized that this was actually happening. I was a tribute in the Hunger Games. I was being sent into an arena to fight to the death. I could die in there. This could be the last time I saw my parents. This could be the last time I saw my home. The last time I saw the ocean or smelled the salty breeze. I could be dead in a couple of weeks. Suddenly, the doors burst open and some of my classmates came into the room. Actually, some isn't accurate. It looked like all of them. In fact, did I know all of these people? "Finnick!" said a good friend of mine, John. "Man, you looked so brave up there, smiling and winking! How did you do it? I would be so scared, I would probably tear up or faint or something!" "Yeah!" chimed in John's best friend, Crest. "You looked so brave up there." Cried some girl with blonde hair, who I was pretty sure I had never seen before. She launched herself at my chest and hugged me tight, and a couple of other girls followed her lead, all crying for some reason. Did I even know all of these girls? Why were they so sad about me being reaped? "You better get out of this, man." Said Adrian. "You can totally do it!" Said his sister. "You're going to make it out, I know it." Said Eric. "Come back to us, man." Said John, patting my back. I was surrounded by cheers and comforts and congratulations. However, even though I was surrounded by people, I still felt alone. As nice as this attention was, it felt so fake. These people didn't really know me. Finally, peacekeepers came to get them out, and they all crowded out with a couple of last hugs and high fives. My parents were then escorted in, and I immediately ran into their arms. "Mom." I said, hugging her tightly. "Dad." I said, hugging him as well. My mom was crying, and as much as he tried to hide it, I could see my dad's eyes were watering slightly. I was crying just as much as my mom, and unashamedly. I had been pretty brave up until then, and I knew if I wanted to keep this brave face on I would need to give myself a moment to grieve. "It will be ok," my mom whispered in my ear as she brought me into another hug. Everything will be fine. You will be fine. You'll be ok. Everything will be ok." I tried to listen to her encouraging words, but the tears continued rolling down my face as my dad wrapped his arms around us, and the three of us stood like that for a while. Finally, my parents released me, and my dad put his hands on my shoulders, looking down into my eyes earnestly. "You can do this Finnick, I have every hope in you. I believe you can do this. I know you can. We have been preparing for this, and you know everything you need. You can do this." He said sternly, but I saw a tear break loose and slide down his face. I smiled weakly at him, and he gave me one more hug. A peacekeeper appeared at the door, and told us to hurry it up. I looked at my mom who was still crying. My tears were dried up, but I was sure I still looked a mess. She copied my dad and put her hands on my shoulders, although I was already so tall that she was almost looking up at me rather than down. "Come back to me, Finnick." She whispered. "I love you. Come back to me. Please come back to me. Whatever you have to do. I don't care. Just come back to me. Come back to us." She gave me one last tight hug, and then my parents walked to the door, where the impatient peacekeeper was waiting. "We love you, son. We are so proud of you." My dad said, and then the door closed behind them. "I love you too." I whispered, and sunk down onto the sofa, putting my head in my hands. What am I going to do?