something," I say quietly. "A dream. I . . . just for a second, I felt-" Dr. Aurelius begins to write, interjecting only when it's clear I'm not going to continue on my own. "Felt what, Peeta?" "I'm . . . not sure," I admit. "It was right after I threw Katniss the bread-the next day at school. She looked over at me, just for a minute. And then I saw her bend down to pick a dandelion, just like before, but this time . . . it was different." He's silent for a moment. "Different how?" My mouth opens and closes several times before I finally lower my head in frustration, the words failing to form. "I don't know." Balling one hand into a fist, I shake my head. "I knew this would happen-I tried to tell them it would be too late, that I would forget it like I forget everything else." Dr. Aurelius glances up. "Peeta, did you even consider using the voice reco-" "I didn't want to write it down," I snap, cutting him off in a sharp tone I can somehow picture the old me cringing at. "I wanted to draw it." He just looks at me for a moment, and then turns to stare thoughtfully out the window as if he's actually considering my request. Suddenly kicking myself for not having worked up to asking a little more nicely, I wait as long as I can stand it and then start to pick at the tape on the bandage affixed to my hand. "I'm not trying to kill myself." "No," he agrees, faster than I'm expecting it. Caught off guard, I barely have time to look up before he continues. "But according to the accounts of your squad members, you asked them to do so at multiple points during the assault on the Capitol." I just stare back at him, breathing low and shallow. It is an unspoken betrayal that has no name and no face, each of them as likely to have committed it as the last. Pollux. Gale. Cressida. Katniss. Who can I trust? Well, us for starters. We're your squad. Dr. Aurelius continues when I offer nothing. "You were . . . uncooperative, at best, on the occasions I visited you down in the burn unit, were brought in after the assassination in hysterics and had to be sedated-" "That's not fair," I interrupt, glaring when he falls silent and affixes me with a calm, patient look he knows annoys me to no end, like I'm crazy and he's not and it's so obvious that he's content just to sit there and wait until I figure it out for myself. "I stopped Katniss from killing herself. Don't I get any credit for that? They drag her away after killing the wrong president and you won't tell me anything. How the fuck do you expect me to react?" The question hangs in the air for what seems an eternity after I look away, unable to maintain eye contact. Because both of us know the answer dances around a subject I've so far refused to talk about-what happened to Mitchell after I went into a flashback and knocked him into a pod-and I'm not about to go into it now. After a moment, he leans forward and clears his throat. "And what about your hand, Peeta?" Not responding, I keep my eyes focused on a shadowy speck on an otherwise spotless white wall, throat tightening when he continues in a quiet voice. "The wound on your hand that you have proceeded to purposefully reopen every day since it was stitched shut." He waits, allowing the words to sink in. "On exactly what behavior of yours are you suggesting I base the decision to allow you independent access to sharp objects?" I shift around a little. "Charcoal pencils aren't that sharp-" "They're sharp enough." Muttering something rude under my breath, I slump back against the pillow. "One pencil," I finally say, glancing in his direction, but not quite looking at him. "For an hour at a time at first, supervised with one of the nurses there, if you don't believe me. And I'll-" My throat closes and I choke out a cough. Because right then I know what I could give up that might be enough to convince him. But it's a gamble. To trade the last thing I can be sure was real for memories that might never return. Swallowing, I stare down at the back of my hand, trying to recall that flicker of feeling, soft as the tail of a sun-warmed braid. "-let it heal," I manage to finish in an odd sort of strangled voice, lifting my hand a few inches to indicate what I mean. Dr. Aurelius studies me in silence while I pick at the edge of the bandage. Rising from the chair, he slides his clipboard under one arm and gestures to my hand. "I'll send Decima in to redress that and will discuss the rest with your team." Eyeing him a bit less warily, I don't answer, but allow a small nod. The following morning, a boxed set of charcoals and a thick pad of paper are delivered to my room, along with a list of conditions. My pencils will be counted twice a day when the nurses come in to clean and check my hand. They will hold the sharpener. Any attempt to hurt myself or someone else and my supplies will be taken away. I will be subject to a full physical inspection during my weekly medical exams, which is nothing new, and my team decides to let me use the pencils as many hours a day as I want after all. And for the first time since arriving at the hospital, I think I might be starting to trust Dr. Aurelius. . . Comments are like fresh-baked cheese buns, delivered to your door by Peeta. Would love to hear what you thought :)