my thoughts in no order. The words flow out almost as quickly as my tears do. You love the color orange , I start, refusing to put loved instead. You're a baker and a chef. You're a husband and a father. You're my first love and my last love . My handwriting smears together as the salty drops fall onto the paper, but I rub them away hastily. From there, all I can do is write. You love to hear me sing, I write, taking pains to shape every letter exactly, so anyone reading this would never mistake the phrase for something else. When Celia was born, you kissed her, every bloody inch of her, before turning to me and smothering me in the same kisses. I was exhausted, worried, and hungry, but I would never turn away your kisses. I don't believe in magic, but every kiss you give me is the closest I'll ever get. You used to come to the woods with me. You were loud and you scared every bit of game away from our house to the lake, but I would never have it any other way . The phone rings, interrupting the hurricane of thoughts pushing to be written down. I drop the pen, pick up the phone, and throw it at the corner, not even hearing it shatter into a thousand pieces. The ringing stops. Celia is a baker. You love teaching her the best way to knead dough, the best way to ice cookies. She's the only person I know who can follow along to your baker's jargon and the only one in our family who can bake cookies as soft and sweet as yours. Sometimes, you let her take control of the kitchen, smiling with no little pride at her bustling around, crimping pies or putting a loaf of bread in the oven. My tears taste suspiciously like the sweet pink cookies Peeta made for me on Valentine's Day. I'm crying now, and I'm not making any attempt to stop myself. For our tenth anniversary, we went to District Four . I pause, remembering the time we spent there. It still marks one of the best days of my life. I taught you how to swim, and you taught me how to build sandcastles. And for a few hours that day, we were perfectly whole again. "Not anymore," I whisper. There's a loud knock on the door, followed by the sound of scuffling. "Mommy? Mommy, are you in there?" Rye's baby voice is clear despite the distance and the door between us, and I can just make out Haymitch's gruff scolding. "Hush! What if she's sleeping?" Practical as always, Celia's voice floats above the rest, and Rye stops, giving me a second to finish the entry. You'll be my only love... always . It's messy and covered in tears, but I finally feel like I've accomplished something. Exhausted, I clean up and stick the book back under the pile of clothing before opening the door. It takes a long time, but slowly I begin to sing again. The bittersweet melodies I sing become clearer as the days pass and I slowly regain my voice, harsh and grating from weeks of minimal use. I'm hesitant about it at first. Singing is painful for me. It brings back too many memories of a better time, one when I had nothing more to worry about than whether or not my father would bring me to the woods after school that day, or whether or not my mother would let me pour tea for our small family. Later memories of post-war tragedies surface. And such memories plague me, draw me into their depths and cause me to rage needlessly at the unfairness of the world. Singing has saved me twice before, though. It kept me alive after I killed Coin, even if at the time I wanted the exact opposite. But deprived of human contact and feeling, I found myself searching for my voice again, if only to hear something else besides the dull sound the pills in their container made and the clink of the silver spoon against my plate. Singing gave me Peeta. And in that, I'm most grateful to the gift for music that I inherited from my father. Even now, it keeps his memory alive. That particular memory, one of a whole and healthy Peeta, is one I wouldn't mind surfacing a little more often, blotting out the image of the deranged man he was before he was given a second chance at life. Unfortunately, that chance didn't include me or his - our - children, or any of the people he once held close to his heart. For months I wanted to regret my decision. Living without Peeta almost killed me, and I found myself wondering why I ever thought I could manage alone. For all intents and purposes, I couldn't. Haymitch was over almost every day, spoon feeding me warm broth and making sure Celia and Rye went to school. Thirty-six weeks after I left the Capitol, a letter came in the mail. I had forgotten it was scheduled to come, but as soon as I opened the envelope and saw the hospital seal on the paper inside, I remembered what it was for. I threw the letter away, but I kept the picture that came with it. In it, Peeta leans against a tree, smiling. He's perfect and looks as wonderful as he did a year ago - ten years ago. In his hand is a scrap of paper, embossed with a gold symbol at the top. Even though I couldn't what was written on it, I knew immediately where it had come from. I could picture the word in my mind, colored a dark blue. " He would live," Dr. Aurelius said. Granted, it's another life, and the smile in the picture isn't for me. But he lives . His memory is enough for me. Always .