in return. Is the first time he's said it directly to me and I can't contain the smile that his words provoke. He switch our positions and lays me on my back gently, pecking me once more on the lips before siting up again. He opens my legs and kneels between them, then takes himself on his hand and tries to find my entrance, but he can't quite manage it. I smile tenderly up at him and put my hand on top of his to guide him. Our breaths quickens when his tip is grazing my folds, but he doesn't enter me yet. He leans forward and whispers on my ear, "I'll go slow and try to be gentle." I nod and kiss his cheek. "I trust you." I breathe back at him, wrapping my arms around his torso and placing my hands on his back. "Make love to me, Peeta." I say it because I know that is what this would be. He starts to push in and it hurts a little. Is like a knife is cutting me, but I don't say anything. I don't want him to feel bad, so I just close my eyes tightly, greet my teeth and dig my nails onto his back. "You're so tight. It feels so good," he groans and continues to enter me until he's fully sheathed inside me, our hips flush. But then he stops moving. I wonder if something is wrong, because I feel his whole body shaking. I'm about to ask what happens when he speaks. "Tell me when is okay for me to move." His voice is strained and I know it must take all of his self-control not to pump away like surely wants. He's giving me time to adjust. The gesture sparks something in my chest that I can't quite comprehend yet. There's pain, yes, but there's also a tingly sensation and a need for friction and release. I squeeze my insides around him and he groans. "Move, Peeta. Make me yours." He tries to move at a slow pace for my sake, but as the pain subsides, I want him to move faster. So I show him with my body what I want; I start to buck against him, trying to find a rhythm. When we finally coordinate, is easier to increase speed and intensity when we want to. I feel the pleasure coiling inside of me, ready to spring at any moment. We're both sweating, but it only makes everything that much more hot and sensuous It seems Peeta feels the same. "Katniss, I can't hold on much longer." He gets out through greeted teeth and I know is taking everything he has not to lose it right now. He's pace is furious by now, and he's pumping into me erratically, trying to get me there with him. Suddenly I feel one of his hands snake between our bodies and he begins to rub a place that sends me over the edge on matter of seconds. "Peeta!" I cry out, my insides clenching around his erection while my whole body convulses in waves of pleasure. My fingernails dig harder into the sweaty skin of his back and my thighs squeeze his hips The feeling of my climax around him is enough to send him flying with me. His body stiffens on top of mine he shudder several times. Peeta comes shouting my name into the night sky. I feel his climax spill to me and it feels incredible that I was able to him this, give myself to him. We come down to earth from the sky and he pulls out of me, collapsing onto his back beside me. I feel cold and empty without him, so I waste no time on curling against him and rest my head on his chest. His arms come around me and we just lay there, sated, content. Our skin starts to cool and Peeta reaches over to pull the part of the blanket we're not laying on over our still naked bodies. "Thank you, Katniss." He says after a while. "Is me who should be thanking you." I say. And he chuckles quietly. We stay on the roof most of the night, making love under the stars, discovering all the ways we can be fiscally together: me on top of him, from behind, me on my hands and knees. We explore the other's body and learn how else make the other come: with our hands with our mouths. I feel more alive on just this one night than I've felt all of my life. We descend from the roof and slip in to my room to get some sleep little before the sunrise, not wanting anyone to find us naked and discovering what we did all night long. Peeta drifts first, holding me tightly in is arms, and while I rest my head on his chest and let his even breathing lull me to sleep I think about the spark I felt on my chest while making love to him, the thrill when he told me, without any cameras around, that he loves me. He loves me. I didn't say it back, because I'm not sure of my feeling yet. Then realization hits me: I do love him. Maybe I'll never say the word out loud because I'm not good with words; words is Peeta's area of expertise. But I'll make sure to demonstrate to him with my actions. In just a few days I'll die to make sure Peeta leaves out of the arena alive. That's how I know that I love him: I'll give life to save his, because a life without Peeta is unthinkable for me now. This work is a one-shot writen for PiP... I hope you liked it I'm currently working on a multi-chapter project for the THG fandom: a modern AU... but there's not release date yet... come to hang with me on tumbler: karycautivo dot tumbler dot com