gaze and shy away from Merchants in what looks an awful lot like fear." "I told you," I say nonchalantly. "You helped me once." "So we're back to that bread, are we?" "Yes," I say, watching him closely as I ask the question he already asked of me. "Why'd you do it? Why did you help me?" "You wouldn't understand," he says, his voice tinged with something like hurt. "Because I'm too dense?" I ask archly. He searches my eyes and I can't help the smile that spreads across my lips. He smiles back at me and my use of his own words. "No, you were always way too smart for someone like me. Fierce and independent. I guess that's why I never managed to work up the nerve to talk to you." I shake my head, not wanting to accept what he's saying to me. "You're shaking your head," he says. "And here I thought I'd been so obvious. Everyone else in this District seems to know that I've had a crush on you forever. I thought that was part of why you were always scowling at me in school." "I was scowling because you were always staring," I say and blush, because I know that's not entirely true. He grins at me, clearly knowing now that I'm partially lying, trying to deflect it all back on him. He wasn't the only one staring. "Was I?" he whispers, the stupid grin still on his face. "I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable. I'll stop. You know, if we survive the day." My breath catches as we watch one another. I stare into the blue eyes, the same color as that glorious spring sky two years ago, that I somehow trust. I can't explain it and look away, embarrassed. "No, it's fine. I don't mind that much." There's a noise a few blocks behind us and we hurry down the street a little further. We're only a few buildings away from the bakery. "The bandages and injuries won't be easy to explain," I say, suddenly worried about what happens once we get him home. "It's okay," he says. "I can hide the one on my stomach fairly easily and I'll just say the one on my head is from fighting with my brothers." "But won't they call your bluff?" I ask. "No," he says with a strange, sad smile. "They'll assume I got it somewhere else." Suddenly, I'm crouched against the tree again, listening to his mother scream at him and strike his face. My insides flip at the thought that it may have been a normal occurrence. That no one at school or in the District, or even within his own family would question why Peeta Mellark shows up with mysterious bruises and cuts. It makes me angry and indignant. He shrugs and looks back out into the streets, eyes the bakery just fifty yards away from where we hide. "So what happens after I walk through that door?" he asks. Now it's my turn to shrug. "I mean between you and me. Do we just go back to pretending the other one doesn't exist?" I start to shake my head, the idea unpleasant, but then I'm thinking of Gale and the rest of the District and how would we even explain whatever this is, some kind of clandestine friendship, or at least a truce of sorts, between a girl from the Seam and the Boy with the Bread. "I don't know," I whisper. Something flickers in Peeta's eyes, and his voice turns hollow. "Well I suppose it doesn't matter," he says. "I'd ask you to start coming to our door to trade again, at least while I'm there working, but I'm not sure that's a good idea either." "We'll be fine, Peeta," I say, certain he means it as an insult because there's a part of me that still doesn't believe a Merchant could be this nice or selfless, despite all the evidence to the contrary. "My family finds ways to survive." "I know that," he says with a smile. "You forget I've eaten your squirrels." "I haven't forgotten," I say, unable to explain to him what it is I'm thinking or feeling right now as his smile widens. I check to make sure the coast is clear and drag him the last fifty yards to the apple tree where I once waited for death and instead received a gift from this boy. "Well maybe I just want to see you again," Peeta whispers. "You shouldn't," I say and keep an eye open for people emerging from their homes for the day as Peeta catches his breath and we hobble to the back steps. "Is it Gale?" he asks softly. "What?" I say. "Gale's my friend. He wouldn't want to see me get hurt." "Oh," is all Peeta says. When we reach the steps, I release him. He leans a hand on the wall and snatches my hand as it retreats, presses it to his lips. They're soft and warm against my cold skin, releasing a fluttering of butterflies in my middle. "Thank you, Katniss," he says and then climbs the handful of stairs before disappearing into the bakery. I foolishly stand there a moment before I begin my trek home. I move a lot faster without Peeta, but I can't erase the feel of his lips on me or the way his eyes glowed as he kissed my hand. As I reach our house and collapse into my father's waiting arms, barely noticing Prim in the back corner, I realize why it affected me so much. How many times did I see my father do exactly that to my mother, look at her that way and kiss her hand. And as I sit there in my father's embrace, fighting back tears I don't understand, I find myself wishing for the weight of Peeta's arms around my shoulders. But how can that be when I barely know him?