hugging tightly to her blanket. "They're fine. You just woke them up is all," Peeta says to me before I can speak. He climbs out of the bed and goes to get them, carrying each of our children in his arms before coming back to sit on the bed again. He hands me Rose and he scoots to sit right next to me with Aiden in his arms. I rock Primrose back and forth watching the color of her cheeks go from frustrated red to a light rosy pink. She's still half asleep and rubs her face into my shoulder as she relaxes from the fright of my episode. Glancing over at Aiden, I see he's relaxed too. Peeta puts one arm around me and rocks Aiden with the other arm. "You know," he says quietly to me, "they'll probably fall asleep faster if you sing to them. They like it when you sing." I look up at him and see a smile on his face, "Okay, so I like it when you sing. But they do too." I can't help but smile back at him, "Fine." I rest my head on his shoulder and look at our amazing little crations. I remember when Prim had a bad dream she'd want me to sing to her…but right now I don't want to sing about the hanging tree or the meadow song. Instead a different tune comes to mind, and I give it voice. "I remember tears streaming down your face when I said I'll never let you go…" I'm usually really self-conscious about singing, and thus, I don't sing very often, especially not in front of people. But seeing their little faces, all I could think about was how much I loved them and how precious they are to me. There is nothing I want more in the world than to keep them safe and sound. "Hold on to this lullaby, even when the music's gone. Gone…just close your eyes, the sun is going down, you'll be alright; no one can hurt you now. Come morning light, you and I'll be safe and sound." Quietly I say to Peeta, my eyes looking down admiringly at the sleeping angels in our arms, "I didn't mean it when I said that, I was just…" "Shhh. I know. I know." He gives my shoulder a light squeeze and kisses my head. "I don't ever want to give them up. And as long as I'm alive I'll do anything to keep them safe." "We both will. Together." I shift Rose to hold her with one arm, and rest my other hand on Peeta's cheek, turning him to look at me. My gaze shifts back and forth from one blue eye to the other and I'm overwhelmed by them. I kiss him softly on the lips and he returns it. Aiden's wiggling calls for Peeta's attention and he pulls away from kissing me to get up from the bed. "Wait," I say, grabbing onto the fabric of Peeta's shirt to pull him toward me. I lean over, briefly feeling a stinging pain rush through my torso, but when I press my lips gently to Aiden's forehead I'm able to forget about it. Smiling, Peeta rises and goes to lay Aiden in the crib. I look down at Rose, sleeping soundly in the crook of my arm. My mind flashes to the last moments of the dream. I squeeze my eyes shut to banish the vision as well as to keep from letting any more tears form, shaking away the horrible memory. I open my eyes again and lift her up to give her a kiss on the cheek. I'm not going to let a nightmare take her away from me. I give her one more kiss on the other cheek. Peeta comes and takes her from me, to go lay her down in her little bed. When he sits down on the bed beside me again I quietly whisper to him, "Thank you." "Your wel-," I cut him off, pulling him toward me for a kiss. I can feel his smirk against my lips before he kisses me back. My fingers intertwine with his wavy blonde hair, not that I can see it because my eyes are closed. He kisses me more deeply, a hand rising to caress my cheek. I laugh at myself in my mind. Was there ever really once a time when I didn't want to kiss this man? I grin against his kiss and lean into his embrace. I haven't gotten the chance to kiss him like this in weeks. He's barely touched me ever since the accident for fear of hurting me with the slightest touch. I've missed it. His kiss is like a drug. It sends my mind reeling and makes my heart beat a million miles an hour. He breaks the kiss and tilts his head so our foreheads rest against each other. He chuckles, trying to catch his breath. Once I catch my own breath I laugh a little too. "And that's enough for tonight," I say smirking. We peek over at the twins glad to see them sleeping soundly in their little blankets. Peeta lays back on the pillows, his arm outstretched on my side of the bed. Smiling, I lay down beside him, and he wraps his arm around me. I rest my hand on his chest and he laces our fingers together there. For a few moments, I listen to his heart and his breathing, both slowing down to a resting pace. The sounds and the warmth of him beside me are enough to lull me to sleep again. Before I doze off I hear him say he loves me. Drowsily I tell him I love him too. And I fall back to sleep. My dreams are pleasant now. The shadows of the nightmare from before are now banished by visions of dandelions, sunshine, and the love of the three people closest to me.