follows. We push through the small crowd in time to see the girl scratch the side of the man's face as she finally shoves her arms out of the way. She grabs a bottle of white liquor off of the counter and smashes it just before we approach the two. She holds the sharp edge out to the man to keep him away. "Woah, woah, woah! What's going on here?" Jackson asks stepping in between the two. "This guys insane!" She spits, and I immediately notice how out of place she looks in the dark lighting. Straight hair so blonde it looks almost white, pale skin, and the only dark thing on her being her deep brown eyes. Very different from Katniss. I brush away the thoughts for now, "What happened here?" I slowly approach her putting my hand on top of hers and lowering the bottle. The skin contrast is very apparent. Dark tanned hands against soft pale ones. She turns quickly away from me and places the bottle on the counter. Her long bright orange skirt a swirling wave of fabric, and the bracelets she wears jingle with the movement. "He's drunk. He thinks I'm someone named Destiny," She explains waving a hand at the man. The man's face morphs into a look of disgust, "Her name is Destiny! No what, never mind, there are more girls like you on the street I'll find one of them." He picks his money up off the floor and storms through the crowd and out of the bar. "Wow, what a d-," "Where'd the girl go?" I ask cutting J off. He looks confused, but then notices her disappearance as well. "She went out the back. Mind going and getting her so she can clean up this mess?" The bartender asks, a scowl marring his face. I nod, "I'll go get her. You go find the girls. I think it's time to go." Jackson doesn't even argue, just nods and scurries off. I go out the back way into the dark alley behind the bar. I spot her sitting on a crate under a lamp post, a cigarette hanging loosely between her lips. I've only seen a few in my life; I remember seeing peacekeepers and merchants smoking them in The Hob. No one else could afford the habit. Katniss hated smoking; she said the smoke reminded her to much of coal. He couldn't help but notice as he approached that her skin glowed like porcelain under the light. I lean against the wall next to the crate, "The bartender wants you to go back in and clean up, Porcelain." I don't know where that came from. I didn't even mean to say that; it just came out. She looks over at me carefully, studying me. "Porcelain? I bet you say that to all the pale girls, handsome." She takes a long drag from the cigarette and blows the smoke out through her nose. I'm quickly assaulted by the strong smell of cinnamon. "No, actually, this is a first." "Lucky me," She turns on the crate to face me, and raises an eyebrow, "Is that all." "Are you okay? You know from earlier?" I ask carefully. She shrugs, "I'm alright. I'm more shaken up by the fact that I'll have to clean later." She stands and I immediately realize the height difference. She's at least a head shorter than me, so that my chin comes to the top of her head. Katniss was taller , is my first thought. "I'm Gale, by the way." I introduce myself as she stretches. "I know." I quirk a brow at her, "You know?" "I've seen you on the television before. You're a big military man right?" She leans against the wall in front of me and brushes her bangs out of her eyes. "I seen you during the rebellion. All that propaganda." "I didn't know I had fans," I joke. "Ah, looks like all that fame has gone to your head." A small smile tugs at the corner of her lips. And she crushes the cigarette under her shoe after throwing it to the ground. "I try to stay down to earth." "Oh! You're the mockingjays cousin, too, right?" She tilts her head to the side and almost immediately I respond, "She's not my cousin." "Touchy subject," She drums her fingers on my chest before pushing off and walking back toward the door. I look around and follow her. "I wish I met you when I was in a better mood right now I'm usually a very bubbly person." She tells me as she puts a hand on the knob of the door, but doesn't open it. "Oh, yea, me too." I joke with a small smirk. "I highly doubt that." She glances back at me before opening the door. I place a hand on it and shut it. Where did that come from? You're acting like a creep, I tell myself. "Before you go what's your name?" I ask. There's a part of me that's comparing everything about her to Katniss. From their height to their personality. On the other hand there's a part of me wanting to know everything about her. From her name to how does she look so delicate, but can wield glass just like a knife. "I'm Tia," She introduces herself before opening up the door and slipping inside the crack quickly so that it shuts behind her immediately. I lean my head against the door and sigh; you've successfully scared her away, congratulations. After a moment I open the door and walk in only to have a hand stop my shoulder and a voice whisper in my ear, "But you can call me Porcelain if you want." I turn in time to see Tia walking backwards away from me with a smile. There you go guys. Tell me how you like it, and if you think I should continue. Also do you guys like my OC's? REVIEW PLEASE!