as she passes, she feels his hand squeeze her ass cheek. Just a little. The small gesture should piss her off since they're at work, but more than anything, it turns her on, and she promises herself that she'll make him pay when she sees him later tonight. When she opens the door, Peeta's eyes go wide at the sight of her in nothing but a short robe, twirling the lace panties she wore their first night together on her finger. He swallows thickly and points. "What are those for?" "Come in and find out," she purrs. As soon as he's inside and the door is shut behind him, she grabs his wrists, binding them with the panties and raising his arms. She loops the panties over the coat hook attached to the door and Peeta groans. "Fuck, Katniss." She steps back and admires her handiwork a moment before undoing and dropping his pants to pool around his ankles. "Your roommate," he gasps as she drops to her knees and fondles his balls. "Madge is out for the night. Again," Katniss says and takes him in her mouth. She licks and sucks at him, moisture leaking out of her at the feeling of power his moans and careful thrusts against her face give to her. "Let me touch you," Peeta begs, and she moans a denial around him, making his knees quiver. She sucks him until he's banging his head against the door and chanting her name mingled with a string of curse words, coming in her mouth. When she pulls her lips off him with a loud pop, he tears his hands from the door, bringing the hook off with him. The sound of ripping fabric fills the room as he snatches her up and carries her into the bedroom. Tossing her on the bed, Peeta shoves aside her robe, and dives between her legs like a man starved. He teases with tongue and lips for a few minutes, then works her into a fever pitch. He doesn't let her go until she's squirming and screaming at him to let her come already. Peeta sucks her clit between his teeth one last time and she shatters against him in a brilliant flash of fire. "You're radiant," he whispers as he shifts to hover over her. He softly kisses her then holds her close, rolling them so they can fall asleep. "Peeta," she moans as his hand strokes her over her work pants. She juts her hips back into his, catching his erection between the cheeks of her ass as his hand comes up to cup over her mouth. "Shh, Katniss. You have to be quiet," he commands in her ear, the hot puff of his breath causing shivers to skitter down her spine. "Are you ready for me?" Biting into his palm, she nods frantically and braces her hands on the wall in front of her while Peeta tugs down her pants and his. He splays his other hand on her pelvis, fingers tantalizingly close to her aching clitoris. With a swift thrust, he's sheathed inside her and she squeals against his palm. Peeta bends his knees, pulling them both lower and leaning them back until she's writhing against the pressure of him inside her. She grips the steel girders of the wall while he lifts his hips in deep, hard thrusts that he spaces apart so that she's eagerly anticipating the next one. Katniss screws her eyes shut, focusing on the feel of him moving in and out of her and honing in on the sounds of his breathing, trying to block out the noises of their coworkers on the other side of the shelves piled high with boxes that hide them from view. He tucks a lock of hair behind her ear, gently murmuring her name. The sound echoes and…wait…how does Peeta have three hands? Her eyes fly open as she's jolted out of her dream and then her body goes rigid. She's in her bedroom, and Peeta's warm body is pressed against her back, his hand stroking her hair and his lips caressing the back of her neck. She squirms under his touch and feels him, half hard against her backside. "Katniss," he says again and she groans, eliciting a soft chuckle from him. "You were having a dream." "I know," she whines. "Must have been a good dream, with the way you were moaning and moving against me," he teases and she buries her face in her pillow in mortification. "I'm sorry I woke you up," she says. "Don't be," he whispers, his fingers toying with the waistband of her pajama pants. "I'd like to hear about this dream." Her thighs clench and she feels how wet she already is. The words spill out of her in a rush and her face heats. They've been together for almost six months now, but they've never had sex in a public place, and certainly not at work. She's never wanted to. Been too shy about sharing the details of their bedroom exploits with anyone, let alone risked sharing it with the world. But she can feel Peeta growing harder against her the longer she talks. When she finishes her description, she scrambles to untangle herself from his embrace and rushes to the kitchen, making excuses about needing a glass of water. She's gulping the frigid liquid down when Peeta comes up behind her and slides his hands around her. "Madge is asleep," he whispers, dipping his fingers into her panties and spreading her arousal around and up to her clit. "Put your hands on the fridge." His command sends a new rush of moisture leaking from her. "Peeta," she whines. "We're moving in together in a few weeks, Katniss. This might be as close as we're gonna get to your dream. And I want to make all your fantasies come true." He bites gently down on her ear and she braces her hands on the fridge door.