the city government. He's about to ask Katniss specifics when he realizes she's muttering darkly about how a steady income hadn't exactly been a deterrent to her decision and he senses a need for a change of subject. "What was that song you played during your swearing-in ceremony?" he asks, a smile growing on his face. Peeta watches her eyes flash defiantly before Katniss replies, "'Independent Women.'" Before he can help himself, scenes from the CNN footage of an 18-year-old Katniss in combat boots and a red plaid flannel, two braids woven down her back, staring sullenly at the camera as Destiny's Child blares overhead flash in his brain and Peeta recalls the image featured more than a few times in his 17-year-old self's rotation of masturbation material. "Yes, so hot," he groans. "Oh, thank you," Katniss replies, her mouth set in a flat line. "Shit, I didn't mean it like that," Peeta begins stammering, "I didn't mean to objectify you like that; you were very smart and really funny," if his palms weren't already wet from the condensation of the beer he's clutching, he's sure they would be from sweat. "I just meant you were very attractive." "Well, it was all my friend Cinna's doing, but thanks," Katniss' smile is bemused. "The point is that I was dumb and 18 and I didn't really want to be mayor and it showed," she says with a sigh. "I ended up bankrupting the town and I've spent the last five years trying to help clear cities from red ink to make amends for my transgressions; trying to be responsible." She pulls a final drag from her bottle before finishing, "That's what public service is, Peeta, and you need to come to terms with it if you're serious about running for office one day." Peeta nods thoughtfully as he reaches around him to where he carries his wallet in his back pocket. "Oh no," Peeta feels Katniss' hand on his and he glances up, "I invited you for the beer, this is on me." Peeta shoots her a quick grin as he shoves his wallet back, "Well, Madame Mayor, I'm going to let you pay because I respect that you're an independent woman." Peeta's leg bounces as he and Haymitch wait to be called into Finnick and Katniss' office. Following Annie's advice, he worked all afternoon on a proposal that would cut the Parks Department's budget by 35 percent. Annie, ever the best friend, is sitting with them to lend her support while they wait. "Hey Haymitch," she starts, quickly shooting a glance Peeta's way, "We didn't make out last night at Rue's party, did we?" "God, no," Haymitch guffaws. Annie's hands shoot up into the air, "That's it, I have no idea who I made out with last night!" The door to Finnick and Katniss' office opens swiftly and Finnick steps out to greet them, "Mitch, Peet, come–Annie Cresta," the auditor exclaims brightly as he spots Peeta's best friend. As realization dawns on Annie's face and she makes eye contact with her friend, Peeta's face breaks out in a teasing grin. "How are you?" Finnick queries, "What a great night." "Yeah," Annie says, wide-eyed. "Well, I would love to catch up but I have a pre-existing commitment." Finnick says, mouth twisting into a small frown as he glances from the men waiting to see him and back to Annie. "Oh, yeah." Annie states dumbly, "I guess you can call me?" "Actually, you couldn't remember your number," Finnick starts, reaching into his pocket and pulling out an iPhone, "But you gave me your phone!" "Yeah, that's great," Annie says, cheeks blazing as she stands quickly to take the proffered device from Finnick's hand, "I've got to get to work." Peeta watches Finnick hold Annie's grasp for slightly longer than necessary as he and Haymitch start for the doorway to Finnick's office. "Talk to you soon?" Finnick asks Annie as he hesitates at the door. "Yep, sure," Annie says quickly, eyes darting to Peeta. "And I'll be talking to you soon, too," Peeta says quickly, "About that thing," he says shooting her a thumbs up as he follows Finnick and Haymitch into the office. As Haymitch and him take seats around the table where Katniss is already seated, Peeta notices that Finnick is leafing through the budget proposal that Peeta had sent over in advance of the meeting. "As you're noticing, Finnick," Peeta says after clearing his throat, "I was able to make practical cuts at 35 percent to the overall budget, including services." "Very impressive, Peet." Finnick says kindly, looking up from the document, "Unfortunately, it's a case of too little too late." "Excuse me?" Peeta asks, panicked, shooting a glance from Finnick to Katniss. "Yes, after further investigation, we discovered that things in Panem are much worse than we were led to believe," Finnick states cautiously. "What does that mean?" Peeta questions, glancing to Katniss. "It means that, effective tomorrow morning," she states, "the government will be shut down until further notice." As a pit deeper than the one that used to be on Lot 12 opens up in his stomach, Peeta sees a wide grin break out over Haymitch's face from the corner of his eye. "I'm sorry, I just started hearing a chorus of jabberjays in my head," he stammers. "What did you just say?" I want to thank imlovelee for unwittingly inspiring this foray with her seamless THG/Party Down crossover fic "Having Fun Yet?" and Plumgal1899 for helping me decide on a title. I also could not overstate how helpful Baronesskika and Sohypothetically have been (in terms of inspiration, beta-ing and general hand-holding). This story will be immeasurably better because of them, especially considering I haven't written anything other than emails and proposals for over five years. You're the April and Ann to my Leslie, you beautiful, powerful musk oxen. Thank you, oxen, for keeping this ship afloat. You can find me on tumblr, my url is walker.