for him to grant me this small chance at freedom and since I've heard so much gossip, lacking in details about myself, I believe there is little news published on my disappearance. Someone must have stepped up to take on my small duties. They would have been more important had Madge not betrayed me. I decide to put her on the spot. No more questions for me. "And how will your Christmas be?". As soon as I say the words, her face hardens. A flash of pain shows in her eyes before it's smothered by a blank stare. I'm taken aback. Surely something so simple couldn't hurt someone so powerful. "I won't be expected if that's what you're asking", she says, her words cold. "That kind of love for someone doesn't exist outside of fairy tales, and I've learned not to give in to such frivolous notions... Mr Crane !". Abruptly, she storms over and shoves her cup at me. I grab it and put it back on the counter without looking. The woman could make a weapon out of it. She's so close I can see how supple her skin is, left untainted by makeup. I could touch her...if I just lean forward. I jerk back. No. Not her. "Or is that a weakness of yours?" she observes glaring at me - goodness her eyes do a lot - before noticing my hands. "Your hands are trembling. What's the matter, Peeta? Is something bothering you? Is it me?". The blood rushes to my face, my embarrassment clear against my pale skin, but I shake my head. She won't win. "No. As grateful as I am Miss Everdeen for your... presence, I'd prefer to be alone whilst I work. Calms the nerves I suppose. I was about to start cooking lunch for the others. You must know how hard it is to work while you're hungry". I smile. If she wasn't looking I'd poke my tongue out at her. "If you'll excuse me?". Her breathing deepens, I can feel the harsh exhales faintly against my chest. Damn this humidity. "I'm getting the sense you want to get rid of me. It feels almost like a dismissal" . I stop myself from biting my lip at her she says silvery voice. My teeth graze it instead. "I guess... you may be excused. Or I can leave? I'd admire you more if you're dedicated to your work". She starts to leave but hesitates by the door and there feels like a shift. She transitions from an inquiring boss, curious about how nervous I am to a millionaire landscape owner that rides in expensive hovercrafts and seems to regard me as something she is entitled to. "We can share the area, but I'll warn you, I like my own company. So don't bother yourself with trying to talk with me or offer idle chit-chat. Pleasantries aren't my thing, especially when I'm working. So if the day is beautiful and not as harsh as this one then we won't need to bother conversing" she says, her voice hardening. "I certainly don't need to hear your views on how the sun alters the sky in the evening or how you happily ask me what I plan to do for the day. Peace will suit me just fine and any conversations that you force me to engage with will be meet with a scarce reply, understand?". She watches me over her shoulder intently. That must be the rudest thing anyone has ever said to me. Even about someone else. It's intriguing! It's insulting. I match her stare. She acts so entitled! She is, but I'd rather talk to Delly or some of the other men who work in the farmhouse. My voice and my body are both stiff with rage, "Of course Miss Everdeen". I smile as the door slams behind her. She's the most arrogant woman I've ever met. Who pry's in someone's life just to insult them? Then again would that count as her being charming? Either way it's fascinating. My eyes close, and as much as I want to her focus on my breathing its a picture of her that keeps flashing in my mind. She has this type of effect on me. I've never questioned whether I should lie or been visibly nervous around others. My mother made sure to dispel that in me since I was old enough to stand up without her help. It doesn't matter though - she's just passing through. Yet despite my best intentions I can even lie when my feet guide me to the window so I can watch her cross the grass. Just once more. A final glance. Her brown hair shines under the sun making it look sleek rather than greasy. I wonder if it took her years to get it to that point. Where her hair was healthy and didn't notify the world of how hungry she has been. Then again maybe she's never experienced hunger. Maybe that's something we have in common. Something I can hate her for. I ignore the yearning pulsing through me and slam the window shut before leaning on it for support. It's just unfortunate that Katniss turned around at the sound, and there are no doubts in my mind that the lazy smile she gives me is the first of many that will make me fall to my knees. At least until I surrender. Then it's all put into perspective, because she has an effect on people like myself. And worse? She knows it. Authors note ~ Hey! Another one. I'm sorry, I'm guilty of wanting to start tons of new fics, which I am. TBH, I'm working over 12 new ones now. :o Though I want to update so I'm currently working on chapter two of To Bestow a gentleman. What do you think? Please review, follow, favourite! I love hearing your feedback! I appreciate it so much. Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed!