rushing around to find some clean clothes. After I've gathered everything I want to wear I rush into the bathroom and get changed so that I'm wearing socks, a grey jumper and black leggings. I then quickly tie my hair into a French braid before going back into my bedroom to see Prim laying, curled upon my bed. So cute. Smiling I go downstairs and take my trench coat off the hook and quickly pull it on along with a forest green scarf. I then lean down to put on my hunting boots before going back upstairs to see if Prim's still sleeping. As I walk over to the stairs I reach over - into a medicine cabinet - and pull out my car keys before going upstairs. Once in my room I walk over to her - thankful that, similar to my father I can walk stealthy - before gently picking her up and carrying her in my arms downstairs carful not to awake her. I then grab some money and the bag of Cheese buns and put it in my coat pocket before going outside and locking the door behind me. I then rush to the car and buckle Prim into her car seat deciding that we should go to the beach. After driving for 45 minutes I pull off the highway and drive down to the beach. I quickly park the car and put my keys in my pocket before getting out of the door and getting Prim, who is now wide awake. I then grab the bag of food and we go down to sit near the sea. Prim leads the way by tugging on my hand and then pulling me to a stop where we both sit - her between my legs and my arms wrapped around her - and she eats. A smile begins to tug at my lips when I look at the sea. I've heard there is a better one in District 4 and I hope I can take her their one day when she is older but currently I haven't got the time or patience. I sit there peacefully when I feel a gentle push on my shoulder. Curiously I shift my gaze to a small girl who looks about 3 and has dark skin with brown curly hair and in her hands is a small bear with a pin attached. "Oh hello", I say unsure of what to do. I've never been good with kids, except Prim of course and even our relationship started off troubled. I stare at her for a few moments as she pushes her toy towards Prim who takes it. "No sweetie, that's not yours" I say reaching over and taking it from Prim's hands. Just as her eyes begin to fill with tears I hear gentle footsteps and look up to see a man with dark skin breathing heavily as he rests his hands on his knees. "Keep it" he breaths out before motioning to the toy, "We have plenty at home, she looks like she likes it". Just as I'm about to snap at him I hear Prim giggle and grab the toy off me. I'm not a fan of charity so I don't appreciate the gift but I left her keep it for the sake of her happiness. Once he regains his composure he grabs the little girl by the waist and picks her up, "Come on" he says before glancing at me and smiling. After a few minutes I begin to feel self-conscious as he stares smiling at me before quickly shaking his head and holding his hand out to me "sorry, umm" he says clearing his throat while I stand up to greet him "Thresh". "Everdeen" I say offering him my last name before shaking his hand. Besides my first name's more unique then my surname so less people know me through it. Just to be on the safe side. His grip is tight, similar to mine and he raises and eyebrow before smirking and letting go of my hand, then he turns around and begins to walk in the other direction. Chuckling I turn around and face the sea before readjusting Prim's grip on my hand silently groaning at the bright purple legging she's wearing along with a small pink top. "See you soon" a voice whispers, jumping back I spin around to see no-one in sight. Well that was weird. Sighing I quickly pick up our rubbish and walk back down the beach, disposing it in the bin. I then lean down to redo Prim's plaits when I see she messed her hair up. Chuckling I pick the crumb's of cheese out of her hair and the re-plait it, "Well that was silly, wasn't it?" I say tightening the bow. Grabbing her hand again we begin to walk through the parade and I smile as I watch a red head dressed like Ariel from the little mermaid smiling and waving at the children crowding the area. Next to her is a man posing for photo's while whispering in her ear, making her blush. "Huh, they look cute together don't they? Maybe we should go say hi, what do you think?" I say to my sister but keeping my eyes on the couple as the area begins to fill up with more and more people. Normally I hate anyone who is affectionate in public but theirs something about them that makes them different, I mean it wouldn't hurt to say hi. Besides their in a parade so they must like kids so that means I wont have to worry about Prim getting shy around strangers. I wait for a second for my sister to tug on my hand so we can see the other floats or to hear her giggle but it never comes. Glancing down to my sister my eyes widen in realisation when I find my hand holding her small toy and no Prim in sight. She's gone.