She doesn't deserve any stress or problems. "Oh... sorry!" she jumps startled "you were doing something, I didn't mean to distract you but... thanks, I'm Delly" she says holding her hand out in invitation. Unaccustomed to meeting someone as friendly as her I slowly lift my hand and shake hers offering her a small smile. The girl; Delly, looks about 17 and along with her age she has some sort of childlike innocence as if nothing could bring her down, I admire her for it. "Katniss and don't worry about it but I guess I should get back to my friend" I reply as I pull away. "Who?" she asks wonder evident in her voice. "A boy" I say hesitantly as I begin to walk away. "Is he cute?" she says arching an eyebrow with mock interest, as her lips twitch upward earning a small chuckle from me. I stop, realization striking me as she may have misinterpreted my reply, "I don't know" I say pathetically. "He's my friend, a close one so no... I guess, anyway I'm sorry but now I do have to go" I state sudden wanting to leave as soon as possible, uncomfortable with talking about Gale this way "bye" I call over my shoulder as I continue home. "Bye Katniss" her gentle voices calls in reply as I cross the street. I jog up the stairs whilst trying to avoid tripping on all the possessions and boxes that litter the steps. Why did they even make stairs? Then I unlock my door and go inside. "What the hell was that?!" a voice yells as I shut the door then put the keys back in my pocket and walk into the living room. I lean against the door frame as I watch him play Catching Fire on his game console. Crumbs and empty snack packs litter the floor around the couch and his leaning forward, so he's closer to the TV and console as if it were going to help him in any way. He's as smart as he is messy. Its unsettling to think that any one could walk in and he wouldn't even know, that's just one reason why I can't wait for him to move out. I clear my throat to alert him to my presence. "Oh hey Katniss" he says dismissively glancing at me so quickly that if I blinked I would have missed it. Typical, Gale only stays here because i'm his friend and besides he prefers staying off-site and using my house as a get away when he wants to relax and have fun without his annoying relatives or mother panicking about his location. "Hi" I mummer. Its still slightly awkward with the tension between us but I guess it just take me longer to come to terms with what he did, or caused to happen. "Where's Prim?" I ask cautious of her whereabouts. "She's out" he answers shortly eyes focused intently on the screen "with some girl and her friend, Rue I think it was". "Why are you here so early? I'm right here are you blind, quit trying to kill me your on my team!", he says raising his voice near the end so I assume he was talking to another player. "Oh um Johanna and I-" I pause and glance out the window watching the cars leaving as a distraction, was that a fight? Or maybe just as misunderstanding? "we had a spout". "Why does she even bother telling you to come over if your gonna sit there while she has her mouth investigated by Dr Hots?" he asks referring to Blight, who's trying to become a doctor but doesn't seem to be doing too well. Unlike my brother, he spends most of his time going to exhibitions and museums which aren't very interesting, at least in my opinion. "I'm not sure, I heard its what friends do but don't quote me on that", I say watching as his fingers move quickly and the sound of him clicking the buttons fill the air. I stare for a few seconds longer before I hear the sound of his phone ringing from his room. Damn those electronics. He nods his head before speaking again but this time I know he's addressing his partner, "Hang on someone's calling me". "Dude-" I hear a deep voice complain before Gale interrupts again. "I'll be back in a sec, don't kill me while I'm gone" he says quickly before throwing his controller and headset on the opposite side of the couch and rushing into his room - the guest room. Slowly my eyes travel back to the screen and I listen as the sound of gun shots blast through the speakers before the voice talks again. "Gale, hurry up, theirs - what do you call that? Are you kidding me!" I listen to the deep voice who must be shouting at his screen and without realising it I've moved so I'm next to the couch. The voice lures me in and I slowly lower myself onto the couch. Its as if an unrecognisable and invisible force is pulling me towards this game even though I've never enjoyed watching people kill each other for enjoyment, despite it not being real and just graphics. I'm not sure whether I should feel threatened or intrigued by it. Without hesitation I reach over and grab the controller and adjust the headset so that it fits perfectly. "Hawthorne are you there, where are you? Are you done! This isn't funny we're dying here! Come on man" he yells and a feel a shiver run involuntarily through me before I press the button to continue the game and speak whilst trying to learn the controls. What could go wrong? "Yeah" I say easily as I move to get more comfortable, "I'm here". New book! Hope you enjoyed this! Please leave a review! I appreciate it. I worked really hard on this! (Longest chapter for any book I've wrote) :)