people who stand anxiously, not trusting myself to sit because I might not be able to get up afterwards. Once where all seated the door in front of us slides open and out step three people - the only one I can identify though is Cornelius Snow, recognisable simply by his white hair and the white rose in the breast pocket of his suit. He takes his seat in the middle and then the woman takes a seat to his right and the man sits on his left. I'm acutely aware to the hidden camera's recording us. "Welcome to the boardroom" he says lowly "these are my trusted assistants and partners, Alma Coin" he says gesturing to the woman "and Brutus" he says gesturing to the man. "I'll keep it simple, nothing will get past these two people along with my other colleagues Haymitch and Effie who will be following you and reporting back to me" he says and I notice he points to the women who kept following me around "in the case of something happening that they don't know about... well lets just say you better come prepared". "I'm sure you know of my reputation; I don't like people who suck up to me. Your here for the business opportunity and the chance to have me as a business partner. Now" he says gruffly "I've had a quick look at your work resumes and CV's, we've got Finnick Odair, is it?". "Odair yeah" a silky voice answers and I glance to my right to see a tall man with bronze hair sporting a seductive smile and a black suit. A huff escapes the woman opposite me - Alma Coin. I glance over at her confused as she watches Finnick but then its as if she knows i'm looking at her. Her steely gaze roots on me as she gazes me up and down in disgust yet apprehension before she refocus' on the man. Nervous I tug on the hem of my dress trying to give myself something to do as I notice my hands start to shake. Why are they shaking? "It says here" Snow continues as he picks up a document on the table "that your the master of persuasion with the women and you aspire to be Gloss" I notice a few of the girls surrounding me especially the blonde ones laugh as they look him up and down. I scowl in disgust at the mention of that man's name, he's known as a playboy and has been seen all over Panem with numerous women aging from 16 to 35. I hope this Finnick man isn't too much like him otherwise I know we won't get along. He sets the paper down and reaches for another document "Glimmer?" he calls. A woman to my left raises her hand and answers, "Yes President Snow, its a pleasure to be here" she says flashing him a dazzling smile, her emerald eyes glinting. He merely grunts in acknowledgement. "You did five years training for the tribute parade and your business is in hairdressing?" he say unamused. She nods her blonde curls swaying around her face "Yes Sir and I'd like to turn your money into a rising business making you over triple your investment". I try not to scowl at her enthusiasm for what I believe is an overused market. "Right" Snow reaches and plucks another sheet, reading off the name "Marvel". A lanky man with short brown hair and grey eyes raises his hands, "Hi" he says simply and I try not to roll my eyes. How did these people get here? "You hate corporate speech and bargain hunting?". "Yes" he replies steadily as Snow roots through and reads off another person's document saying a long-winded speech on how someone is going to 'light the candle and clear the summit of the hill of outflows'. "I understand you've all got your business plans in my reception. Forget them, concentrate on the tasks at hand" he says leaning back in his chair "over the course of this programme prove to me that you can become my victor and business partner. Now for the first task, you'll be going back to the training centre for some rest because you'll be up at the crack of dawn and going to the famous merchant fish market". I wrinkle my nose and look away in disgust at the mention of fish, I've never been fond of the smell or taste the few times I've tried them so I'll have to put up with it and make do. "You'll buy a load of fish and make products that Capitolists want to eat and the team that makes the biggest profit wins, but as a little curveball Katniss, Glimmer and Enobaria", I startle and look up at the mention of my name. "Peeta, Marvel and Cato, all of you swap". Slowly I turn and pass the boys, the blonde man from earlier smiles and nods at me again as I pass him before taking my place next to Glimmer on the boy's team - well at least until we have a name. Snow watches us all for a moment before nodding and signalling for us to leave, "off you go, get in your chariots and prepare yourselves" he says as we all leave the boardroom. I quickly retrieve my satchel ignoring the chuckles around me before following my team to our chariots, silently cursing my luck for getting stuck with the most prideful girls out of everyone. Somehow I feel like no matter what happens whether I win or lose, at the end of this i'm going to have someone after me. The only question, who? A/N: Character rights go to Suzanne Collins, all mistakes are mine. Hi! Hope you enjoyed this new book! Please leave a review, tell me what you think! I appreciate it. :) Come say hi or ask me questions: kdlovehg - tumblr/instagram/wattpad kdlovehgk - ao3 Please read, and review! :)