"Just outside Philadelphia, you?" Katniss asks, eyeing the young woman's tailored green suit and pumps. Madge turns to her, smiling brightly. "I'm from Philadelphia, we're practically neighbors!" "How about that?" Katniss mutters as the train pulls into the station—Knoxville, TN, she notes on a sign out the window—and stops abruptly. "Well, I've been working in New York for the past few months but I grew up there," Madge explains before going on about the secretarial work she'd been doing before her bosses transferred her to wherever they're headed. "Do you know where we're going?" Katniss cuts her off abruptly. "Not anymore than you do, sorry." Madge shrugs, as she descends onto the platform below where a group of young women stands waiting. "The other girls already pumped me for information." The humidity snakes its way through Katniss' chest as she exits the train and she gasps at the heaviness. Clove snorts from the center of the group of women before a man approaches them all. "Ladies. There are cars waiting to take you the rest of the way." Their car pulls up to a gate flanked by a tall, barbed-wire fence and stops. Two armed guards approach as the driver gets out speaks to them briefly, flashing a stack of paperwork. Haymitch had mentioned the security but this looks like a fortress, a prison even. The driver slides back in the vehicle and the guards wave them on. Katniss scoots forward on the back seat, looking from left to right at her new home. There is construction everywhere. It's not developed enough to be called a town, maybe a camp? Rows of identical prefabricated shacks and larger, white buildings shaped like boxes dot the landscape but nothing looks finished. There aren't any grasses or shrubs which Katniss knows from her time studying the lakeside in the woods back in Seamsboro accounts for the mud that permeates everything and keeping their car moving at a crawl. "What is this place?" Madge whispers quietly beside her from the middle of the large back seat. Their driver snorts derisively before replying, "Welcome to the Reservation." He pulls the car up to a one of the larger white buildings and turns to them. "You need to check in to work." As the other woman in their car opens her door, Katniss notices the rest of the young women from the station as they climb out of the second vehicle. Clove sinks ankle-deep into the mud and screeches loudly. "These shoes cost me twenty-three dollars," Madge whimpers next to her as Katniss opens their door and looks down to her own boots with a smirk. "We'll figure it out," Katniss replies as she scans the ground around her for ripples and tests it with the toe of her boot before climbing out and settling into the mud with a satisfying splat. She calls over to Clove, who has managed to pull her fancy pump out of the mud she stands in, barefoot, "Nice shoes." She turns back to the car, bending down to hear Madge arguing with the driver. "I'm not getting out of this car," Madge states matter-of-factly as she eyes the rest of their group's muddy shoes and ankles where they wait at the front of the administration building through the car's windshield. The driver sighs before climbing out himself and snatching Madge from the back of the vehicle, carrying her up to the building doorway. Katniss chuckles softly before grabbing their bags from the trunk and following after them. "Wonderful," Madge simpers as the driver deposits her on solid ground. Clove fumes as she and the other women scrub at their feet and shoes in small sinks just inside the door. "Come on, Katniss," she beckons, strolling past the frustrated women in her immaculate footwear. Katniss spares a brief glance at her boots, hastily rinsing them off and catches up to Madge at the front desk. "These are your ID cards," a bespectacled man at the front desk explains as he thrusts two badges at each of them. Katniss scans her badges quickly for any details. One is labeled "Townsite Resident's Pass" which Katniss assumes has information about her living quarters and the other says "Clinton Engineer Works - Y-12." "You need to sign your paperwork now," the man says, thrusting a stack of paperwork in their hands and pointing to a row of chairs to his left. Madge and Katniss take two chairs as the first couple of girls finish up with their shoes and approach the front desk. Katniss begins to read the paperwork in detail as she notices Madge sign with a flourish next to her. "This is kind of old hat for me," Madge offers in reply to Katniss' questioning scowl. Katniss turns back to the paperwork, which states that she will not "at any time disclose either orally or in writing, or otherwise, to any person except such as shall be designated in writing by the general manager of Tennessee Eastman Corporation, any knowledge or information which I may have acquired while in the employ of Tennessee Eastman Corporation, or elsewhere, or which I may hereafter acquire while in such employ, pertaining to any of said work done directly or indirectly for the United States Goverment…" She hesitates briefly, wondering what she's ended up volunteering for and what they want from her, before she signs her name. This is a work of fiction. Though I've done my best to create as correct a historical context for Oak Ridge during 1943-1945 as possible, details and events will be changed. Some of the characters are modeled after real historical figures. I do not profit from their stories, nor do I own The Hunger Games trilogy. BaronessKika and Sohypothetically knock my corgi-covered socks off. None of this would be possible without their patience, wisdom and cheerleading. I'm very excited about this idea and I'd love to hear your thoughts. You can also find me on Tumblr, my URL is Walker.