stupid." Her words are razor sharp but then she gulps and asks, "Who was it?" He sighs, "Madge Undersee," "Of course she'd make a move you." she frowns, "She's very pretty," "Not as much as you. Besides, I love you , and I don't know what to do. I want to be with you and I want everyone to know you're mine; I want to shout it from the rooftops. I don't want to keep the secret." he holds her hands and kisses each of her knuckles, "I can't contain how I feel about you any longer, my love," "You're being selfish," but she doesn't sound like she means it. "Maybe," he looks deep in her eyes, "But I want to spend my life with you. Maybe I could transfer somewhere else or maybe you'll get offered a better position at another university," he says hopefully. "We can still be together," She keeps quiet, scared, and he doesn't know how to interpret her silence. He kisses her over and over, but she doesn't reciprocate nor does she answer. And then she says, "No." They can both feel something break inside of them. "What?" he asks dumbfounded. She says it again, "No," he lets go of her hands in astonishment and she moves to the living room, while he stands still shocked in her room. He decides to follow her and finds her pushing her formerly discarded tank over her head. She sees him and picks up his clothes from the floor, handing them to him once she's close enough. She goes back to her room and starts emptying her drawers of his belongings she had previously placed there. He follows her again, "What do you mean 'no'?" he asks stupidly. She can't look at him, "Exactly that. No." she hands him more of his clothes and swallows, "You're only 21, Peeta, you shouldn't spend you weekends coped up in my apartment watching Doctor Who marathons with me. You should be partying and clubbing with your friends and kissing girls like Madge Undersee and Delly Cartwright," she whispers, defeated. "I don't want any of that stuff, or those girls," he says quickly and grasps her face in his hands, wiping her tears. "I only said it because I was mad. I do want to take you out and have you to meet my friends, but we don't have to break up, I'll graduate someday won't I?" he smiles but she's still crying. "We'll wait until then," he puts their foreheads together. "No, Peeta," she cries and pulls away from him. "You don't deserve this and neither do I." she goes back to extracting all that represents him from her bedroom and then her bathroom. "Katniss, please," he pleads. "Please don't make this any harder than it already is," she says weakly. "Then don't do this to us." She shakes her head, "I'm sorry, please leave," she sniffs. He dresses and picks his stuff and leaves her apartment. When he turns around to say something else, she's already shut the door. He can hear her broken sobs through the wood, and he cries too. He didn't feel like going to her classes. He was scared that if he saw her he'd burst into tears in the middle of the classroom. But he still goes, because it's Katniss . Madge talks to him in their next class and says she likes him, she's always liked him, she says, and she asks him out. Before he can answer, Katniss walks in. Her eyes are bloodshot and puffy and her voice trembles a bit when she speaks. She never once acknowledges his presence. He swore they would fix it. They don't. He's banged on her door so many times he's lost count, but she never opens. He knows she's home, he can see her shadow under the door, and he pleads and cries and begs and yells, but she never says anything. He can still hear her cry though. One time one of her neighbors heard him, and the only reason they got him to leave was under the threat of calling the cops. He said he'd leave, and when he was standing up from the floor something slid from under the door of Katniss's apartment; a note. It's for your own good, trust me, it said. He still went back after that, but she never opened the door. He doesn't know when he stopped trying. Where fire once burned ashes remain. She doesn't know how he does it without anyone noticing, but in every single one of her classes; even the ones he's not in, there's a drawing of a heart in red marker in the board. She always erases it before anyone sees it. Summer arrives, and he goes back home to work in his parents' bakery to make some extra money. He's not surprised to find Madge walking inside one morning. Her father is the Mayor of District 12, after all. She asks him out again, and this time he does answer. His heart is still broken. He doesn't know why he says yes. Before he realizes, it's September again, and destiny fucks him over once again when he notices he's been assigned to Katniss Everdeen's Biology 404 class. And Madge too. They cross each other on the halls, but they never look at one another. Her because nowadays she always seems to be in a hurry, and him because he has another girl's arms wrapped around his neck. Phew. That was long. Sorry if it was too long. I admit I debated a long time whether or not to finish their story like this, but in the end I decided to, since that's the way the song ends. Depressing, I know. I hope you liked it, if you did, please review and tell me what you think, and if there's anything you'd like me to write, let me know. I apologize for any mistake that I might have forgotten to correct.