of that suffering. He left his mentor and friend, Haymitch, in charge of his gallery. To say Haymitch was pissed at him would be an understatement. He called him an idiot, a fool, dickhead, and many other things that included his mother, but under all the yelling he could see the sadness in his mentor's gaze. He knew Peeta, when he had his mind set on something, he did it. "Don't think I'm giving you my gallery," he said, "I'll go there once in a while to check up on your job, old man," he joked. Haymitch snorted and just handed him glass after glass of scotch, and he drank them without hesitation. Dr. Heavensbee talked to him a lot. He reminded Peeta of how much he'd loose, and how his life would never be the same. Prim tried to talk him out of it, playing the Katniss-wouldn't-want-this card, but he wouldn't budge. His decision was made; he only hoped it was the right choice. The day of the surgery he looked everywhere his eyes reached and tried to remember every little thing. They prepped him for the transplant and rolled him inside the OR once Katniss was under the anesthesia. She looked so peaceful and beautiful, and he took her in as much as he could, just because he wanted, not because he needed to. He knew every corner of her skin, every mole and every freckle, and he knew he wouldn't forget. His stretcher was right next to hers, and he held her hand tight in his for a minute until the doctors pulled him away and inserted local anesthesia in the skin around his eyes, and after a while the world turned black. The recovery was slow. He had to stay in the hospital for a few weeks until the doctor considered it was safe for him to leave, and a person from the asylum picked him up and settled him in. He was given a cane and assigned to a service dog, who became better company than his caregivers. He talked to his parents and brothers after the surgery, just saying that an accident had blinded him. His father wanted to move him back home with them, but Peeta declined. The thought of living under the same roof as his mother ever again was worse than any darkness and depression he was going through. He tried to remain positive when sadness overwhelmed him, keeping in mind that he did it for Katniss. He called Dr. Plutarch once in a while, always asking about Katniss's improvement, and the doctor said she was getting better and better every day. Just those words made it worth it. He painted, every other day while in the asylum. It wasn't easy, but it distracted him. He didn't even want to think about the mess he made while painting, all the mix of colors and uneven forms, but it made him feel like his old self. Two months after the keratoplasty, he was finally permitted to leave the asylum, with company of course. Haymitch picked him and Oliver; his dog, up, and first took him to Peeta's gallery, giving him an update of everything that had happened during his absence. He felt an immense sadness wash over him like a wave, not being able to see his work exposed. Haymitch noticed he fell quiet and led him away, asking where he would like to go next. He thought of Katniss, and asked Haymitch to drive him to Panem's Central Park, where he met Katniss for the first time. They sat on a bench in silence, and Peeta threw Oliver's ball away so he fetched, his picture of Katniss on his left hand. He carried it everywhere with him, as a reminder. Haymitch must have noticed, he said, "So that the girl?" Peeta nodded. "Well, you certainly could have done worse," They kept quiet and Haymitch tired after a while. He went to buy some ice cream for Peeta and himself, telling him to keep his ass stuck to that seat until he returned ¸ and Peeta nodded. Oliver nudged his hand with his nose and put the wet ball in his hand. Peeta set the picture next to him so it wouldn't get dirty with Oliver's saliva and threw the ball again, hearing his dog run away after the toy. He smiled. He sat quietly and felt around next to him for the photo, but found nothing. His hand moved anxiously around, trying to find it, almost panicking on the inside. He couldn't lose that one, it was the only copy he had. He had to find it. He was about to go calling for Haymitch until he felt a slight pressure between his fingers. He grasped the sheet of paper, recognizing the crinkled corners and sighed, relieved. "Thank you," he smiled. He didn't know if his helper was still there, since they made no sound at all. He felt Oliver nudging him again, and tucked the photo safely in his pocket. He took the ball from the dog's mouth and stood up, determined to try and find Haymitch with Oliver's help. He started walking away slowly from the bench, with the help of his cane and Oliver. He was about to tell the dog to look for Haymitch when he heard sobbing behind them, the kind of sobbing he still heard while having nightmares. He walked the few steps back to where he had come from, guiding himself with the sounds of the woman's cries, until he was directly in front of it, Oliver nudging him the whole way. He stood frozen in front of her and the cries stopped. He gulped. "Katniss?" Did I break anyone else's heart, or just my own? Just me? Great. I worked for like two weeks on this because life got very complicated, but now it's finally done and I'm so relieved. I hope you enjoyed this, and once again, I'm sorry for any mistakes.