here. Leave me. Win the games... I know you can do it." He closes his eyes, tears still rolling off his face. "No... we won't leave you..." I say, blinking back tears. "Cameron..." says Baylor softly. "We have to go..." "No!" I yell at her. "I'm not leaving him!" Anger and sadness builds up inside of me, because I know to try to save him is futile. His cannon sounds and I close my eyes. I whisper in his ear. "You will never be forgotten." We take his knife and put in in the District 8 bag. I take it along with the District 6 bag, and my spear and knife. Baylor takes her bow and arrows and the duffel bag, and we head into mountains to follow Beckett and Jet, just as Faith runs up to grab the 7 bag. She sees us and runs after us. We run faster and see Beckett and Jet in the distance, sword fighting. A body falls to the ground, and a cannon sounds, but I can't tell who the body is. We find a cave, midway in the mountain, and hide there. A few hours later, Faith passes us but she doesn't see us. If we are lucky, she and Jet or Beckett will kill each other off and we will win. We are exhausted, and sleep soundly until the anthem. First is Maple from 2, that means that Beckett died, not Jet. Then Arson from 2, then Finn. I choke back tears, but it doesn't work. I let out a sob like a goat, and Baylor pats me on the back. After that is Beckett's face in the sky, from District 10, the boy who shook my hand in the training center, but the opportunity never came for us to be allies. And finally, Jade from District 11, whom i never knew. "Final 4..." was the last thing i said before i fell asleep again. Day 9~ 4 Tributes Remain~ Expecting the last day of the games, we ate the rest of our food and drank the remainder of our water. We left our bags behind, and took only our weapons. 2 spears, 2 knives, and a bow and 12 arrows. We headed up the mountain. Around 6pm, we reached the peak, and saw no one. This was weird. All of a sudden, Jet jumped out and threw his axe at Baylor. It missed and she sprinted up to him, furiously. She grabbed his wrist and kicked him in the shins. He yelped, but didn't let go. She took out a knife from her pocket and thrust it towards his face, but he blocked it, grabbing her arm, and shoving her to the ground, holding the knife above her chest. I took her bow and arrows, and shot. It connected with Jet's shoulder, and he screamed in pain. Baylor blindly stumbled up and tried to run. Jet threw the knife and it connected with her back. Baylor screamed and fell to the ground. Jet collapsed in the snow, holding his shoulder, wincing. I crouched down next to Baylor and kissed her cheek. She closed her eyes, and smiled. "Win, Cameron. You can do it. You can make it home. Go. Leave me, and win." Whispered Baylor shakily. "You aren't going to die Baylor." I gasped. "I-I won't let you." She grabbed my hand, and smiled at me for a few moments. "I will say 'hi' to Finn for you." She whispered. I smiled grimly. "I will win. For you. And for Finn." I say, determined. Her hand goes limp, and her cannon fires. I grimace, my eyes wet. I turn to Jet, violently. I screamed, and ran up to him, with my knife. His eyes got wide. "No, please-" he was cut off when i began punging my knife in and out of his stomach, stabbing him. A few moments later, I sit there, sweating. I breathe a shaky breath. I muster a final stab to his stomach and his cannon fires. This is it. The final 2. It's down to me... and Faith. I lay there, my head in my hands, sobbing. I've murdered two people these games, and to get home, i am gonna have to kill three. I don't think i can do it. "But i have to." I tell myself. "I promised Baylor I would win for her, and Finn." "Aww. That was so cute right there!" Taunted Faith. "Such a shame she had to die! Well, you will join her soon anyway! I can hear it now. 'The Winner of the 79th Annual Hunger Games, Faith Bristol!' Sounds nice, doesn't it?" I wheel around, and lunge at her, clawing at whatever i can reach. I find her chest, and just scratch. She starts screaming and aims her axe at me. She swings up, and slices off part of my ear. I let out a cry, and stop scartching. Faith jumps to her feet, and throws her axe at my head. She misses, and i grab it off the ground. She is too busy coddling her wounds to notice when i aim my axe at her head. I throw it and she looks up, horrified, but it's too late. It digs itself in her stomach and she passes out in the snow. I don't hear a cannon, so she isn't dead yet. I walk over to her, and she is sobbing. "Have mercy!" She bawls. "I'm sorry Faith. But at least you will be able to see your brother again." I take my spear and shove it into her head. Her cannon sounds instantly, and I fall to my knees, crying. My 2 best friends in the games are gone... forever... and I have killed three human beings. I fall asleep, exhausted, in the snow, only after I hear the words, "CONGRATULATIONS TO THE VICTOR OF THE 79TH ANNUAL HUNGER GAMES! CAMERON BORDEAUX!" The aircraft comes and picks me up. "I am alive." I say to myself.