told me my wife was there to see me. It must have been fucking funny because they wouldn't stop laughing all the way down from my cell. "So, yes, it was devastating, but I'd probably do it again if I had to, and even though I know you do it because you love me, I don't like it when you treat me like a porcelain doll. You don't even say 'jail' around me, as if just by listening to the word I'm going to crumble. I'm not going to break, Katniss. They could only break me through one thing: you." She looked down ashamedly, her eyes watering. "I'm sorry, Peeta, I didn't realize my worrying affected you that way. "But why would you decide to go through all that again for the people who abandoned you and left you to rot for three years?" she lamented. "They're my people." he stated simply. "They don't deserve you, and neither do I," "That's not true. Shut up now," he ordered and slanted his mouth over hers. He explored every part of her oral cavity his tongue could reach. It didn't take long for his dick to get rock hard. Katniss thrust her center against him and pulled away from his mouth to moan out loud. "Fuck me, Peeta," she implored. They started taking the other's clothes off until both were completely naked. He instantly picked her up and she wrapped her legs around his hips. He didn't think they could make it to the bedroom, so he supported her against the wall and thrust his fingers inside her. "You're so wet," "Only for you," she promised. He altered from fingering her to rubbing her clit until he felt her walls constricting around his fingers and she gave out breathless moans. While she was still coming he entered her swiftly. "Fuck," he grunted while Katniss whimpered. He fucked her roughly against the wall until he felt her walls tightening around his cock and her head thumped back against the flat surface. She let out a string of curses and moans, which triggered his orgasm. He kept thrusting inside her until she milked him completely. Afterwards, they slumped to the cold floor with Katniss on top of him. Suddenly he remembered her wounds from yesterday. "Shit. Was I too rough? Are you okay?" He only felt the movement of her head. "It was perfect." she caressed his chest. They lay in silence for minutes, until she asked: "What do you think?" "You're always amazing," She snorted and flicked at his chest. "Not about sex, Peeta. About the strike," "Does it matter what I think?" "Of course it does! You're their leader," "Nah, I'm not. You said so yourself," She shifted uncomfortably on his chest and he held her down to him. "I didn't mean it like that." "I know. I also know what you meant. I'm not sure I can tell you whether they're ready or not for this step since I've missed everything." When he was in jail he wasn't even aware the protests had begun. "What I can tell you is that we need to do anything that'll help us get Snow off our backs, so let's do it," She smiled. … Hours later he had a sense of déjà vu as he, through the computed of course, watched Katniss and the rest of the diplomats announce to the country their latest decision, only this time it was Plutarch who spoke while Katniss and the rest remained dutifully by his side. " Starting tomorrow, we encourage the entire country to join us in an indefinite civic strike until Snow and his whole bunch leave Panem for good. Otherwise, we, the citizens and real owners of this land, will come for you, " he threatened. Peeta was sure the end would come soon. After Katniss got home they watched quietly in the computer screen as the whole country rose and started preparing for the strike. Supermarkets and drugstores were crowded, people desperately buying what little they could find and pay for. They saw extremely long lines of people trying to pay for their products. "It seems they'll really go through with it," Katniss commented. "Of course they will." Peeta assured. She took his face in her hands. "No matter what happens after tomorrow, you promise you will you stay with me?" "Always," he promised. This was inspired by Leopoldo Lopez's "liberation" on Saturday, July 8 th , 2017. He was incarcerated in 2014 and sentenced to thirteen years in prison. On Saturday he was given house arrest, and you can't imagine how much hope and joy this brings my people. Unfortunately, he's still a prisoner, and my mother land is too. Peeta's character is Leopoldo, and Katniss's is Leo's wife: Lilian Tintori. All big events, every one as exactly described in the fic (except the private scenes and Katniss and Finnick's attack) were inspired by real events in my beloved Venezuela that have happened in these past few months. I basically just changed the names and wrote the story, but everything you read up there has happened and is happening in real life. We really have been in continuous protest for over a hundred days. There really are 95 people dead, mostly between ages 16 and 23 . There really are over 2000 people imprisoned for literally no reason, receiving inhuman tortures. We really are being forced to a new constitution without the citizens' consent. We really do have an inflation of over 1000%. We don't have food or medicines. There's no money. There's no security. We're dying. If you want to know a little more about the subject, drop by my Tumblr post explaining the situation a little bit more specified by clicking on this link: post/163028577224/venezuela-2017-whats-happening PLEASE RESEARCH MORE ABOUT WHAT'S GOING ON IN VENEZUELA AND SPREAD THE WORD. EVERYONE NEEDS TO SEE WHAT'S GOING ON AND HOW OUR HUMAN RIGHTS ARE BEING STEPPED AND SPIT ON. Thank you for reading.