the artistic he thought he did a pretty decent job. But no hiding place in the world could save him from his injuries. The injury to his thigh was a fatal one. He was pretty sure of that because he felt himself slowly but surely bleeding out. An acute fever had taken hold of him and he became less and less coherent. And every now and then he was awakened from his feverish state by an onslaught of powerful hallucinations. Why did she hate him? He didn't know, didn't understand how a mother could hate her child as much as she hated him. It was so much, apparently, that she would risk their livelihood by hurting the hands that helped in earning it. He worked in his parents' bakery every day before and after school and on his days off. What else could he do to earn her affection? She'd lashed out at him before. In fact, it was almost on a daily basis. But she'd never held his hands in the fire before. She yelled at him and then gripped him by the wrist. Before he could react she'd pulled his hand into the flames. He cried out loudly in surprise and in such agony that he was sure the whole district had heard. He pulled back his hand and she let go and slapped him hard across the face, obviously in punishment for him making that much noise. He was much stronger than her of course but he was at her mercy because where would he go if he was thrown out of the house? He had a roof over his head, food, though not much, in his belly. District 12 was unforgiving to its people. People starved and many perished in the cold winters or died from the many diseases that went untreated. He wouldn't make it if he left home so he accepted his situation even if he didn't understand what he'd ever done wrong. He didn't know of course that his mother was really his aunt and that his real mother had died in childbirth the same moment he saw light of day. Nor did he know that he was the product of his father's and real mother's shameful secret. How could he know. "Get out of my face." Tears of pain were welling in his eyes and he nodded slowly. The searing pain from the burns were almost unbearable. He found his way outside and went straight for the barrel of water in the backyard. The pain lessened some when his hand was in the cold water. He stood there for a long time with his hand under water, hoping that it would prevent blisters from forming on his aching palm. He would probably still be expected to help out in the bakery, and there was no way he'd be able to do anything with a palm covered in blisters. The water helped some. He got a few blisters but could still work. Then the blisters burst and became pusing sores that got worse and worse. It took days of pus-tainted bread, that was sold to customers no less, before his parents finally deemed him unfit to work. One afternoon Peeta's father grabbed Peeta by the arm and walked him over to the Everdeen's house for treatment. Peeta was terrified they would run into Katniss. But it was her mother who answered the door. "Mr Mellark," she said by way of greeting. His father wasn't a man to beat around the bush. "My son has a burn mark on his hand that won't heal so he can't work. Do you think you can treat it? I'll trade you two loaves of bread." Katniss' mother smiled softly at Peeta. Her eyes were warm and kind. "Come on in, let me have a look," she said, opening the door for him. His father thanked her and returned to the bakery. Once they were inside and seated by the kitchen table she began studying his hand. She was careful but he still winced when her fingers skated over the open sores on his palm. "Does it hurt a lot," she asked. Peeta shook his head. 'A lot' was a relative term. "I have something that will help with the pain and clear the sores of pus," she continued. "The sores will have to heal by themselves obviously but once we clear out the infection it shouldn't take too long before your hand is back to normal." It was the kindest someone had been to him in a very long time. It was nice to be treated with kindness instead of disdain. "Thank you," he murmured. He got to his feet as soon as she had wrapped his hand. "I have to get back," he said. "To work. To the bakery..." He thanked her again and hurried back home. His hand was free of infection and healed within a week. He would always be grateful to Mrs Everdeen. Not because she had healed his hand but because she'd treated him with kindness and respect. The searing pain of fire on his skin, on all of his body. Flames melting soft tissue... This was what kept him awake whenever he got a reprieve from the claws of unconsciousness. The flames died when he heard Katniss' voice. "Peeta?..." He wasn't sure at first if he was hallucinating or not and was hesitant to reveal himself. Maybe it was someone else sounding like Katniss. Maybe her voice was just an illsusion and it was actually the sounds of the woods he heard. But her voice came closer and closer. He managed to force his eyes open. Katniss wasn't more than a couple of steps away. He'd obviously concealed himself pretty well since she didn't even look his way. She took a couple of quick steps and almost stepped on him. He grabbed her by the ankle. "Don't step on me, sweetheart," he rasped. Shit, he sounded so weak. To be continued...