and onward, and she dared to look after a moment, finding that Katniss was kneeled in front of the stream with her head practically underwater as she drank. Candis remained completely frozen as she took a long time to drink to her heart's content and fill her water bottles before picking up her things and continuing on her way. She finally breathed a sigh of relief and relaxed her body once the brunette had disappeared. There was no way she wanted to find herself against the tribute that scored an eleven in evaluation. With a grunt, she pushed herself off the ground and started heading in another direction, wanting to keep her distance from the girl on fire. A few days had passed, and Candis was still alive. It hadn't been easy, not with the forest erupting into flames, driving her right into the middle of a close call with Cato and the other careers. Again, something about her had made Cato hesitate in killing her. She didn't quite understand it, but didn't question it very further. The boy from twelve had been with the other careers. That puzzled her, for he'd told Caesar in his interview all about how he was supposedly in love with Katniss, now he was joining up on a hunt to kill her? Candis stopped after a moment and steadied herself against a tree, feeling dizzy. She'd eaten all of her dried foods, and had only been able to catch a few fish before they stopped appearing. She swallowed and closed her eyes, trying to stop the world from spinning when she heard a quiet pinging from above. Only when it made a soft thump beside her did she open her eyes to see a parachute resting on the ground. She stooped down to open it and her mouth watered when the intoxicating scent from within reached her senses. "Oh, thank you," she breathed, beginning to devour the contents without stopping. When she had eaten nearly all of it, she could feel someone watching her, and when she looked up into a tree she saw the young girl, Rue. Candis swallowed her mouthful and stared down at the leftovers guiltily. "Take it," she said softly, standing up and backing away from the food as if she didn't want to startle the girl. She turned away and left, hearing her run over and begin to finish the contents. It made her happy to know that she was still alive, that she hadn't fallen to the hands of another. The feeling soon turned to nausea at the thought of being the only one left with Rue, and she looked down at the sword in her hand. It couldn't come down to that. She wouldn't be able to murder anyone. Candis murmured quietly as she woke up, her eyes heavy with fatigue. Throughout her night she had been awoken by the sounds of a girl screaming, a cannon booming, and the rustle of footsteps. The sunlight burned her eyes and she murmured quietly as she untied herself from the tree, bundling up the rope and stuffing it into her backpack. "About time you woke up," A voice came from below. Candis jumped in surprise and she looked around for the voice, her eyes widening when she found Cato staring up at her, a group of other Careers with him. How long had they been there? She could have sworn that the footsteps that passed underneath her tree had moved on, not stopped. "Are you going to climb down here, or are you going to make me come up and get you myself?" Cato asked, his eyebrow raised and a smirk on his face. Her eyes darted around frantically, trying to find some way to escape. But there wasn't. "Come down, Candy, and join us. We aren't going to hurt you…" "Cato, she got a seven. What use is she to us?" "Shut up," He hissed, glaring at Clove. "I'll ask nicely one more time. Come down, or I'll huff and puff and blow your tree down." Candis stayed put, gripping the tree trunk tightly. So this was it? It wasn't fair! She didn't want to die! "Get her down," Cato murmured, and a white hot pain seared Candis' leg as a knife plunged into her skin. She screamed in agony, the pain causing her to see spots and wobble on the tree branch. She lost her balance and went toppling off, landing on the hard ground with a loud crack from her neck. It was strange. There was nothing. No pain, no sorrow, and no fear as Cato stepped up beside her, his nose wrinkled at the way her head was bent. He stared into her eyes, and she stared right back, that peaceful feeling washing over her. There would be no going home for her, no champion for District Four this year. Two families would be a child less. A tear leaked out the corner of her eye and her mouth moved but formed no words, and she closed her eyes like she were simply drifting off to sleep. Finnick swallowed as he watched Candis die, tears in his eyes. Another year, another tribute lost. He sniffled and wiped a hand against his cheek, drying his tears. It was never easy to watch innocent people be slaughtered, and it never would get any less traumatic for those in the event. The ones who knew the stakes, who knew what happened in and out of the Hunger Games. He sighed and stood up, turning away from the monitors and biting his lip as he heard the cannon's boom. The odds were never in anyone's favor. Author's note: This was a oneshot I wrote for CandisDrake that wound up being quite long, so I apologize for the wait, but I hope you enjoy it! I probably won't be able to do something like this again for a while but I hope it was worth the wait for you :)