him, he didn't want any harm to come to Cecil or the others. He'd been an only child, but Cecil had three young ones to care for. If he were harmed, or if one of the kids were…it would kill Renata. He couldn't allow her to feel the same pain he felt every day. A loud, piercing scream jolted Cecil out of whatever sleep he had been having. He jumped out of bed and ran out of his room, checking on his children before going to the room Renata was in. As he flipped on the light, his eyes widened at the sight of her thrashing around in bed, her body tangled in the sheets. Her eyes were shut with tears streaming down her cheeks and her mouth released scream after scream. "Rini!" he gasped, going to the bed and taking hold of her wrists. She was strong; she tried to wrench her hands away from his hold and screamed louder, making him turn pale. "Renata, wake up!" Leona stood in the hallway, holding her children close. "What's the matter, mama? Is she dying?" Aria asked worriedly, sniffling. She hugged her leg tighter, afraid of the noises that came from Rini's room. "I don't know, love," she murmured back, holding her head against her leg to help and shut out the noise. She pursed her lips as there was a loud pounding on their front door and she looked down at her two children. "Polom, take Vic and Aria and go to your room. Everything is going to be alright." She watched them shuffle towards the bedroom before going down to answer the door. She swallowed and felt heat rush to her cheeks as many of their neighbors were gathered outside, looks of anger on their faces. "I'm so sorry, it's Renata…she's inconsolable." "Is she getting beaten? Or fucked?" someone spat angrily. "Some of us are trying to sleep!" "I'm so sorry, please…we're handling it, I'm sorry," Leona stammered, biting her lip as the screaming continued. Cecil swallowed, tears in his eyes as he picked Renata up and held her close to his chest, wincing as her nails bit at his arms. After a few minutes, she slowly began to stop fighting and she whimpered quietly. "Cecil," she cried quietly, hugging him tightly to try and stop her shivering. "I'm sorry, I…I had a nightmare." "It must have been an awful one…you woke up half of the neighbors," he whispered back, swallowing again. "Are you alright, Rini?" She paused, sniffling. "No. Not really. I thought that the nightmares were over, b-but…" She trailed off, closing her eyes. "It sounds like it's over," Leona mumbled as the screaming ceased. "I'm sorry again…goodnight." She closed the door and pursed her lips, heading towards Renata's bedroom. "Are you okay?" Renata looked up and swallowed, her eyes red and puffy from her tears. "I-I'm okay now. I'm sorry, Leona, I didn't mean to. Are the kids awake?" She gave a soft laugh. "I think all of Four is awake." Cecil gave her a look and shook his head. "Leona…" "It won't happen again." The redhead bit her lip, letting go of Cecil. The woman pursed her lips and nodded, leaving and heading towards her bedroom. "Rini," Cecil said softly, stroking her cheek. "It's not your fault. She's just always been-" "Not very fond of me," she finished for him, looking at her hands. "I shouldn't have come back here, I could have gone somewhere else." He shook his head. "That's nonsense. Of course you were going to come home. I wouldn't have let you stay anywhere else," he laughed softly, trying to make light of the situation. "Come out here, I'll stay up with you." Renata swallowed and let him help her up and she followed him to the kitchen, sitting down while he brewed some coffee. The smell soon filled the small room and she watched him as he brought them both a mug back, the wooden chair creaking quietly as he lowered his body onto it. She took a sip of the beverage and wrinkled her nose, choking down the bitter liquid. "Not your favorite, eh?" Cecil chuckled and took a big slurp from his mug, sighing happily. "What was your nightmare about?" "The arena," Renata answered quietly, absentmindedly running her finger around a circle on the table top. "It all seems so real, and I can feel everything that happens. I'm just afraid all the time." He pursed his lips and scratched at the stubble on his face. "Did this start immediately? I know you used to have nightmares when you were little, but never like this." "They started after I got out, yeah. But I thought they had stopped, I didn't have them for a few nights, and when I did, it wasn't nearly as bad as…" She stopped and pursed her lips. She hadn't been having nightmares because Finnick had been next to her, true to his word at keeping her safe. "What's that look for?" Cecil's voice made her blink and look up at him. "I wasn't alone whenever I stopped having nightmares," Renata said very softly, shrugging. She couldn't just show up at Finnick's door asking if she could sleep with him, now could she? Her cheeks turned bright red and she sighed, shaking her head. Cecil watched her with wary eyes, not sure he wanted to know what she meant by not being alone. It must have had something to do with that Finnick Odair. "We'll figure something out," He smiled at her and reached over to pat her hand. I was so excited to post this, I actually had it written around the time i ended Disarm but i really wanted to wait a little to post, so here it is! Rini is home, but things aren't back to normal yet! Can things go back to normal? Thank you for reading, and please let me know what you think of it so far! -Kelsey :3