she sucked him. After a few minutes, she could feel him twitching inside her moutch, like he was going to come, but before he could he pulled out of her mouth and switched positions again, with him on top of her. "You're amazing, but I want to come inside you," his pupils were almost black with desire. He kissed her harshly on the mouth and then kissed his way down, pressing soft kisses to her stomach and then stopping where she wanted him the most. He pressed his lips to her inner thighs, teasing her. "Peeta," she groaned in exasperation and tugged at his hair. He chuckled and put his mouth on her clit, inserting two fingers inside her. Katniss's hips instinctively shot up, and she moaned so loudly that she stayed very still and quiet for a moment, afraid that their daughter was going to barg in. Thankfully, she didn't. Meanwhile, Peeta kept working on her clit, sucking and licking the little mound while still moving his fingers in and out of her. She felt the coil in her stomach tightening fast and hard, and she came with a strangled shout. She breathed heavily, and Peeta kissed his path back up, until he reached her lips and looked down at her adoringly. She caressed his hair and then reached down and took his cock in her hand, lining him at her entrance. He looked down at her, as if to ask, Are you sure? She answered by kissing him and thrusting her hips up so he entered her swiftly, and Peeta sighed and groaned against her neck. "Oh god," She moaned. He kept a pace, pumping in and out of her, each time harder and faster than the last, her legs tightly wrapped around his hips, one of her hands clawing his back and the other squeezing his left butt cheek, his hands on her hips. Their kisses were becoming sloppier, and his hips were meeting hers harder. "I'm close." Katniss forced out in between sighs of pleasure. "Me too, baby," He locked his eyes to hers. He trusted inside her a couple of times more and she felt herself falling over the edge. She came with his name on her lips, shouting it, and after a few more pumps of his hips, he came too, spilling inside her. In his post orgasmic bliss he remembered not to let his arms give out underneath him so he didn't crush Katniss. He quickly moved from atop her to his side and she rested her head over his rapidly beating heart, trying to calm her labored breathing. "Are you okay?" he stroked her dark hair and she nodded. "I'm perfect," "You certanly are, love," he meant to give her a peck but she put her hand on the back of his neck, not letting him move his mouth from hers. "You've got to give me a few minutes if you want another round." He chuckled and she nuzzled his jaw with her nose, making him avert his gaze from the high cealing to her grey eyes, which held seriousness in them. "Thank you for another wonderful Christmas," she whispered. "You don't have to thank me for anything, we're a team, remember? I'd be nowhere without you," he touched their foreheads together. "I love you so much, I didn't know I could ever love someone this hard. Every day you do small things that make me fall even harder for you." Her eyes were bright with tears. "I love you," and she did. God knew she did. After her father's death she never wanted to let someone in, afraid to get hurt once again, but Peeta crept up on her. And she was glad they gave each other a chance, because she knew she would never be this happy with anyone else. He showered her with his love and took care of her everyday, gave her a beautiful and healthy daughter, and in two months, another beautiful and healthy baby. He was the best father and husband. He seemed to read her thoughts, and he slid down until he was face to face with her bump. "Next Christmas will be even more wonderful," he smiled at her, and presses his lips to her stomach, talking to the baby. "Hi, cheese bun," Peeta often liked to talk to the baby when it was still on the womb, so it would recognize its father before it was even born. He did it all through her fist pregnancy and had been doing it all through her second. "It's Daddy." "We can't wait for you to get here. Me and your Mommy and sister are very excited to have your here with us, so please hurry up in finish growing so we can finally meet you. We love you. We want to hold you and cuddle with you and give you many kisses," he rubbed her belly. "Just please take it easy on your Mommy, and try no to kick her too hard, yeah? Although I know that might be a little difficult considering you most likely got her stubborn nature." Katniss flicked at his head, and he laughed. "But no matter how stubborn she might be, I promise you, you have the most loving, caring, dedicated, and beautiful Mom of all Universe." She stroked her husband's blonde curls. "So get here fast so you can know her. We love you so, so much." She was sure she could live one hundred lifetimes and never deserve this man. But every day of her life she was grateful for him. And he was right, from now on, not only Christmases, but every day of their lives would only get better. The end This took longer to write than what I expected, but I kind of like the way it turned out. Please leave your comments and reviews, and if you're interested in me writing something else, let me know! Merry (Late) Christmas and wonderful New Year 2016!