to her? She had experienced it all her life up until the Academy. Now that she was in the real world, no one cared how she was treated before. Either she delivers or get out of the way. So with his coaching she learned to be sweet but with an edge of sarcasm. She'll be nice to someone but with an understanding that she would have no trouble killing; which was what the Capitol was all about. Cato learned that there were bigger issues than slights to him or his family. What good was his family honor if he was kicked out of the Games? Or worse, seen as a wild animal that would do more harm to himself than good. Even a prized stallion must be broken in before they can race. So when another student grunted under his breath that he couldn't believe a lowly washer's son had pinned him down, he started to charge towards the clueless student, Clove stepped in and placed a hand on his arm. Not enough to actually stop him if he wished to do their peer harm but enough to make her presence known. He turned his head quickly to see who would dare, or be stupid enough, to try and stop him to see Clove subtly shaking her head. Silently telling him that not only was the other boy not worth it but he was putting himself in jeopardy. "Let's go to the punching bag area," was all she said. He saw the retreating back of the boy who insulted him, having no idea what kind of trouble he had almost gotten into by muttering demeaning things about Cato's family. The blond wanted nothing more than to thrash something but seeing Clove and her determined look he was reminded at what he could lose should he be expelled. Once he lost his chance at being in the Games then it would be all over. His family would have wasted all that coin to send him there in the first place. He would never have a chance at claiming Victory. Worse still would be that he would probably have to become a Peacekeeper to help his family with the debt they incurred to send him to school. If he had to wait twenty years before he could even get married, what chance would he have to sire his own son or daughter that could do what he failed? What woman of worth would want an Academy drop out past his prime? Clove grounded him, made his see that not every battle was worth fighting and he pushed his anger on more training. He expended his energy into more useful pastimes such as getting stronger and learning new ways to kill his opponent. Besides, if he wasn't there to beat Clove then who could she beat to stand out from the rest of her family? He really was the only way she would set herself apart from all the winner's in her family. If she could beat The Cato Marson, then that was something to boast about. So their bitter rivalry turned into a friendly one. They both knew they had what it took to win but how to outlast the other? If they were going to win, then it would be because they beat the best; and who was better than Clove Cutler and Cato Marson? Cato had learned to control his rages but still needed a little help from Clove. She in turn learned to give an award winning smile but had not shook the sardonic edge. The rough edges in her personality were smoothed out with his easy going magnetism. They were a power duo and whatever one lacked the other made up. Once word spread that the top female and male in the entire Academy had paired up, most had all but decided it wasn't worth pushing themselves hard anymore. They all knew who would be picked in the 74th Games as both were in their 16th year, the minimum age for the council to even bother looking at Tributes. Until the two went into the Games, it wasn't worth the effort as all knew they would not be picked. Even the seventeen and eighteen year olds knew they didn't stand a chance. The most they could hope for was graduating with honors and choosing a spouse from those left over. If they couldn't compete in the Games, they could hope for choosing the fittest spouse to breed with and hopefully produce a strong child who in their turn would enter the Academy. If not them then their children might be able to win Victory. So when Clove stood proudly on stage when her name was chosen, Cato lunged at the chance to volunteer. His name was not fixed into the bowl as to not make it seem as if the Reaping was rigged. Besides, everyone loved an eager volunteer. Both stood straight and confident, giving each other secret smiles and buzzed with excitement. This was it, they were in the Games. They would bring pride and honor to District 2 and their families. Part of them was sad that they would have to kill such a worthy opponent and turns out close friend. But their deaths would not be in vain as they would die the most honorable death there was. Clove would throw a knife right between Cato's eyes, giving him the quickest and painless end. He was worthy of a swift death. Cato would cleanly sever her head with one blow from the sharpest sword the Capitol would supply him with. He would give her the best chance at an open casket at the honoring ceremony for the Fallen. They would sacrifice their best friend for: Victory Panem Family They could do nothing less. A/N: So here's my take on the whole "How Cato and Clove become friends" deal. Also to give a little more insight to District 2 and their cultural admiration of the Games.