stabbed him in the neck and the poison worked as soon as it hit his blood stream. While Cato became paralyzed all of Panem could only see was two young would be lovers in a heated embrace. They didn't see that Glimmer was struggling to hold him up and that he had lost all feeling from the neck down. She wasn't stupid enough to let him fall down and reveal she was cheating, so she grabbed the sword from him and ran it through him. They would say she was the Girl with the Enchanting Kiss, it calmed the Beast of the Arena and it was his downfall. Cashmere had been right; Glimmer's good looks and body were her best weapons. It was down to just 5 and 1, the odds being greatly in the Luxury District's favor. They had released hellish beasts into the arena that smoked the reclusive girl out and the battle was on for the champion. The redhead didn't stand a chance, she knew that she was too weak from starvation and the very well fed girl from 1 had just enough training to pin her down. She accepted her death because she knew what Glimmer had in store for her. "Did you know that 5 develops the birth control pills and pain killers the Citizens enjoy for their recreational activities?" the redhead said too lowly for the mics to pick up but enough for Glimmer to hear her. The blonde didn't care what the girl had to say but she was putting up more fight that she expected her to. She struggled to overpower her enough to end her but she continued on. "Each dose is specific to its intended taker, so to maximize its effectiveness and diminish any unwanted side effects. The past two years I had been making doses for a 14-16 year old 5'7 1/2" blonde female from 1. I'm sorry for what they were doing to you to make them put you on birth control." Suddenly Glimmer was not in control of her body and she grew stronger than she ever thought she could. How dare the girl feel sorry for her. She had no idea what she went through to ever feel sorry enough. She didn't remember what happened next but when she woke up in the Capitol hospital the next day Cashmere said she had beaten the girl to a bloody pulp before breaking her neck. Even after 5 was dead she kept stabbing her with Cato's sword shouting "You don't know what sorry is!" over and over again. Cashmere and Gloss had spun a story of an overworked Tribute that wanted nothing more to win that she had gone temporarily insane and nothing more. Glimmer didn't care, the Hunger Games were over and she wanted to get back to her District. She had a Victory house to move into and many jewels to admire. She didn't pay any attention to Cashmere or Gloss when they told her she would have a week break at most but then she had many clients to entertain for their generous donations so late in the game. She had done her interviews and was crowned by President Snow himself. They had a little meeting and it was over as quick at it begun. He found it amusing that he didn't have to give the normal threats as she had already been fulfilling his wishes for her post games hobby. She smiled and thanked him for seeing her. He told her she'd see him again and a much grander house than even Cashmere's awaited her. When he was gone and she was alone, she vomited everything she consumed at the decedent feast thrown in her honor. She showered until her skin was angry red, horrified of the thought of Snow's altered puffy lips and the smell of blood and roses on her skin. She gathered her wits together and reminded herself that she had won the Games. She would never want for anything in her life. She was better off than any other Tribute, even Finnick and Cashmere. So she donned her most expensive dress and the jewelry to match. She watched herself glitter in the mirror and she didn't understand why she wasn't happy. When in doubt, she smiled and that time it was to herself. It seemed to make others happy; maybe it would work for her. She saw her perfection in the mirror, not even the most discerning Capitol citizen would find fault with her. She had everything, why did it hurt so much to see her reflection? A/N: Another dark one shot of what it might have been like if a Career won. Here are some points that people may or may have issues with. 1) I didn't go into graphic rape with Glimmer as I had with Cato. I just couldn't do it. Is it hypocritical that I wrote one for a male but not for a female? Yes. I won't pretend it's not. It is what it is. I just couldn't write it for Glimmer. Also, rape wasn't really the main thing I wanted to focus on like I did with Cato. 2) District 5 according to the official movie guide is in charge of Power but for the books, they aren't ever specified. So I took creative liberty to assign them something that fit my story. As far as I'm aware, Suzanne Collins has never outright made it cannon so I don't feel like I'm violating it. If someone has evidence to the contrary then I still won't change it. If you really feel the need to comment on it then I won't stop you but be aware it won't change anything. I don't believe people are born evil but made. Glimmer was a Career that killed as happily as the next and I wondered what would cause that. This is just my own take on what would make a monster as beautiful as her. Happy Reading.