smile, "There are no signs of brain swelling, bleeding or damage on them, but we'll need to give her time. Being induced in a coma like this for several days can be disorientating and upsetting. Katniss could be very confused when she wakes." She explains to Prim and Peeta. Prim knows the procedures involved with waking someone up, so she waits patiently while Dr Paylor explains weening Katniss off of the medication and then hopefully off of the ventilator within 3 or 4 days. They're going to start now. 5:55pm Prim knows that the dosages have only just been lowered, and it'll still be a while before there's any noticeable changes, but she can't help but hope. She knows Peeta does too, but he's eagerly looking for any signs of anything . Peeta's phone buzzes from the table next to Prim. He doesn't bother with it, keeping his focus on Katniss, but Prim glances over. "It's Finnick," She says, "they must be ready to check out." Peeta barely flinches or listens to Prim. Finnick and Annie's baby had been born early on Wednesday morning, a little boy they named Callum. Peeta hadn't seen him yet, he hadn't left Katniss' side very much. He thought he wanted to wait for Katniss so they could see their Godson together. Before the accident, in the back of his mind, Peeta had somehow hoped seeing Finnick and Annie's baby would soften Katniss a little to having one of their own sometime soon. But the accident has made him re-evaluate his thinking. Prim checks the message, and Peeta sees her turn around to the glass door to the corridor, then wave. Peeta's hand remains firmly on Katniss', but he turned his head to follow Prim's eye-line. Finnick and Annie were standing at the door, a white bundle tucked into Finnick's arms. Peeta was a little torn over what to do because he did very much want to meet his best friends' baby. Prim and Peeta watched as Finnick gave Annie a gentle palm on her back, urging her to go forward into the room. She closes the door behind her, and when she turns around Peeta can see her tired face and red rimmed eyes. She walks slowly over to Peeta and places her hands on his shoulders, n attempt at support. "Hey," her voice is soft. But he hears her sniff and she wipes her eyes with one hand. "How's she doing?" Peeta nods, not sure he trusts what will come out of his mouth. Prim steps into the conversation, "The medication is being lowered, then hopefully she'll wake up and will breathe on her own." Annie smiles to Prim, thankful that things are moving well with Katniss' health. She can worry a little less now. "Can I talk to her?" She adds. "I'd like to think she can hear." Prim provides, because this is what she believes. And when Katniss wakes up, Prim knows that she wants to ask if she had heard anything or if she remembered anything. Annie moves a little closer to Katniss, "Hi," it's almost a whisper, "so you're a Godmother now, sweetie." She leans forward and strokes down Katniss' hair. "This isn't how this was supposed to happen, although Finnick spoilt it and spilled the beans to Peeta a few weeks ago, but we wanted to tell you both together when you met Callum. Peeta's waiting for you to meet him together, but you can see him now, so how 'bout we let Peeta have his moment and meet your Godson?" In her head Katniss agrees, because everyone knows how excited Peeta has been about this baby, and they all know he wants his own. Katniss had confided with Annie during the last few months that she was maybe thinking that she could do it for Peeta, have a baby with him. And as promised, Annie hadn't shared this with anyone. Annie encourages Peeta to leave Katniss for just a second ('She's doing so well' Annie had said), and gets him to step out to see Finnick and the baby. Peeta was reluctant to go, but he knew Annie was right, Katniss really was doing well. He felt like she was beating all the odds. His joints were stiff when he stood, but Finnick's proud smile brought a small joy to his heart – he needed to be part of this. He closed the door to Katniss' room behind him carefully, as not to wake baby Callum. His eyes widened at the tiny newborn baby in Finnick's arms, struggling to believe what he could see. Finnick's own baby. He could remember their time as teenagers so clearly, how was it that there were now children in the picture? He glanced back at Katniss, with machines breathing for her and keeping her alive, and here was a brand new baby, given life and breathing on his own. He kept looking between the two, wondering how they'd all gotten here and how life had worked out this way. But she's still here, she's not gone. / Thank you so much for reading! I really enjoyed writing something that isn't from Katniss' view, and I'm glad I finally got around to it as this has been sitting in my head for several months! This was loosely based on the British television shows '24 Hours In A&E' and 'An Hour To Save Your Life' - if you haven't seen them they're very worth checking out. They can be very emotional and always tug at the heartstrings, but I feel they bring so many things and thoughts to light and I'm so glad that the people involved agreed to be shown in this way. I'm also not a medical professional, so the information may not be accurate and may be seen as more of an interpretation. This was also unbeta'd, so all mistakes are my own. Anyways, all comments and constructive criticisms are welcome =) Kirsten (and find me on tumblr at bakersgonnabakebakebakebakebake)