bedrooms: one decorated with a cheerful "under the sea" theme and another in deep hues of green. The room for Finn was filled with books, toys, and even a bed that was fashioned to resemble an old shipwreck. Katniss's room had an adjoining bathroom, plush carpet, and a beautiful mahogany sleigh bed. The last addition was a physiotherapy room filled with equipment and mats, everything that Finn needed for rehabilitation. "I figure we can make it a play room once he's back on his feet," came Peeta's voice from behind her. "Sorry that there is only a bathtub in your bathroom. With all of the renovations there wasn't time to add a shower, but you can take showers upstairs for now if you like." Katniss remembered the last shower she had taken upstairs, and heat flooded her cheeks, wondering if he, too, was remembering what they had been doing before that night before their lives had been forever changed. "Um, it's perfect Peeta, really it is. Finn's going to love his room." "Finnick grew up by the ocean. He claimed he could wield a trident, but I'm pretty sure he was bullshitting because I never saw him do it when we vacationed down there." Peeta's voice was wistful as he remembered his friend; she could tell that he missed him just as much as she missed Annie. Katniss once again found that his words had the effect of putting her at ease. "So that's why Finn loves the ocean so much - the time they spent by the shore and the stories his dad would tell. Really, Peeta the rooms are perfect. His and my own. Thank you." He turned to her, his lip quirking in a sad smile that didn't quite reach his eyes, "I know the situation isn't ideal, but hopefully you'll come to feel at home here." Slowly, through weeks of stilted exchanges and awkward shared meals, Peeta's house eventually did start to feel like home. They fell into a routine. Most days Peeta would be up and out of the house before she and Finn awoke, working until early afternoon and then coming home to help with the boy's afternoon therapies or to drive him to his counseling sessions in town. If he had meetings that caused him to work late, he would bring pizza and other treats home with him, a means of making up for the time he missed. The awkwardness eventually passed and Katniss began to get the feeling that she could count on Peeta. She had been so fiercely independent her whole life that it was a huge breakthrough to realize that accepting help wasn't such a terrible thing after all. There was something about that which eased her constant loneliness, and with that came the knowledge that while their world would never be the same as it had been before, they could still find happiness and maybe someday all would seem right again. Not every day was easy; in fact, some were incredibly hard, and Katniss would meet Peeta at the door frazzled and ready for a break. Finn was healing, but in many ways he had regressed emotionally and developmentally from the trauma of the accident and losing his parents. He was prone to temper tantrums and fits. But they dealt with it together, drawing strength from each other; and there were other, sweeter times when Peeta would come home to find the two snuggled up watching a movie or playing the little boy's favorite board game, Candyland. In many ways, Katniss and Finn brought him that sense of familial warmth and companionship that he'd always longed for. Reading together was another beloved pastime of theirs; it was something that one of them did with Finn every night. Most often it was Peeta who curled beside him in bed, taking care to mimic different inflections for each character and often eliciting so many giggles from the boy that Katniss would come in and insist that it was time for lights out. Yet other times it was Katniss who read to him, her voice soft and melodic as it lulled him to sleep. Finn would sometimes request that both of them come and snuggle with him during story time. Peeta was usually given the task of reading aloud since he did the voices so well, entertaining the child as well as Katniss. On one such occasion, after Finn had fallen asleep between them, Peeta continued to read just for her. Katniss was happy to stay and listen. She had been marveling the way the light from the bedside lamp illuminated his pale eyelashes when he finished the story and looked up to catch her staring. "Do you think that only children's books have happy endings?" he eventually murmured, dropping the book to his lap. Katniss thought about it for a minute, caught in his gaze, then slowly shook her head. "Of course not." They both moved to close the gap between their lips at the same time, sharing a kiss over the sleeping child between them. It was tender and hesitant at first – the curious meeting of two mouths shyly becoming reacquainted with one another – but it soon bloomed into something filled with all the honesty and depth that had developed between them over the past nine months. Peeta and Katniss linked fingers as they pulled Finn's bedroom door shut behind them and silently made their way upstairs to the bedroom. They took each step slowly, content in the knowledge that while this wasn't their happy ending, it was a happy beginning. Big thank you to angylinni for the prompt and running the exchange! Also, I have to thank my wonderful betas and friends, Court81981 (make sure to read her exchange piece Into the Wild ), alexabee, and Wildharp! You guys are great and I wouldn't have been able to knock this out without your help! I love you all! Please read and let me know what you think!