hard as Cato always thought - maybe because he's been brought up this way. It's the second or third day (he always loses track) but right now they're lying under a tree that Katniss has climbed up. She scored an eleven - she's competition. Therefore, she has to go. He's found that being in the Games has just reverted his mind to survival instinct - he does, or he does not. Without Clove there all the time, that's all he can think about. Otherwise, he's worried he'll cry. He cracks one eye open. Katniss is still up there, but she's - what is she doing? She's sawing off a tree branch. No. She's sawing off a tree branch that has a trackerjacker nest on it. He should shout. He should move. But he doesn't, because he wants District One dead. He hates them, he really does - they're so brainwashed they think that by winning they'll actually bring pride to their District. He finds Clove with his eyes. He'll protect her, though. The branch is about to fall. He tenses his muscles and then, as it does, he jumps up and throws his arms around her, pulling her up as well. Glimmer's screaming and so is Clove, but he guides her away. She doesn't protest. It's natural instinct. They run, and run, and run. Marvel's running with them - dammit - but Glimmer's not. A canon goes off, confirming her death. Peeta, or "loverboy" is still there, too, but slightly behind. Katniss is nowhere to be seen. Finally they reach some water and Cato submerges himself in it. He only got stung once, and although it hurts, he doesn't really care. He forces himself to get out of the soothing water after a few minutes. Marvel's sitting at the edge, his expression tight. Losing Glimmer probably Clove is seated on the other side, so he goes over to her, but she's not happy. "You idiot," she mutters. "I saved your life." "I can take care of myself." "I told you I can't stop loving you." "Yeah, and I thought we had an agreement," she snaps. "Allies. That's all. Because one, if not both, of us are going to die. Right? So stop." It's not surprising. He wishes that she would surprise him again. "Cato! Cato!" Her last screams still haunt him. He can't think, or breathe. He just holds her lifeless body until it's taken away from him. He won't see her again. He's alone. He cries, because what else is he going to do? A part of him's dead now. There's no point. He can't win. He never could. He's really, really not surprised. The mutts are after him. He keeps running, all the way back to the Cornucopia, even after it turns to night. He just keeps running and climbs on top of it, ignoring the fact that he's bleeding. One of them already bit him, and he tripped twice on his way here. But it's a high vantage point. Except then Twelve come climbing up. The canon was for Eleven, not one of them, like he'd hoped. It's not fair. They shouldn't be together. They won't. As soon as Peeta's climbed up he throws Katniss down and holds Peeta, standing at the edge of the Cornucopia. The mutts are snapping at him from below but really, he can't find himself caring. He has nothing to live for. He's as good as dead to himself. It's a dangerous way of thinking, but he doesn't even want to win anymore. But even if he's going to die, he's going to take one of them with him, because they shouldn't get to live happily ever after if he can't. He was different before coming here. He didn't like the Games - he hated them. But then the Capitol took him and morphed him and now he's like this. It's sick, how if happens, but it's clever, he'll give them that, because now he's no different then them. He's still bleeding and he's crying, but Katniss has an arrow pointed at him, even though he's got Peeta in a chokehold. The arrow doesn't make much difference. He'll take Peeta with him to the grave; he's okay with that. "Go on," he says, his heart hammering. He can't think. All he can think of is Clove. "Shoot." He wants her to. He wants to die. He doesn't want to live like this, a slave of the Capitol. He will get his revenge and then, and then, that will bring "pride" to his District. Pride. If this is pride, than everything he knows is wrong. She's not shooting. Why isn't she shooting? "I'm dead anyway!" he shouts. "I always was, right? I didn't know that 'till now - how's that? Is that what you want?" He's not even talking to Katniss - he's talking to the Capitol, to Snow, to anyone who's watching. He was never going to live with his way of thinking - and even though the Capitol tried to change him, obviously they didn't do a very good job of it. "I can still do this," he mutters, but he's not talking about winning. He can show Clove he's good enough. He can do this for Clove, because she shouldn't have died. He should've been there, and she shouldn't have died. Katniss shoots. He waits. It doesn't hit his head. The arrow flies into his hand and he lets Peeta go, out of surprise. Peeta shoves him and then he's falling, falling... Maybe a part of him wanted to let Peeta go, because he realizes, in a split second, he could've held on. He didn't have to let go. It didn't hurt that much. Maybe he wanted someone to have a happy ending. A mutt stares at him. It's eyes are green and olive, at the same time, like spring. Exactly like spring. He laughs before it's teeth tear into his neck. Well. At least she managed to surprise him.