his chest and down over the delicate heated skin of his cock. His moans were feral, ripping from his throat wanton and unbidden. Madge liked this side of him and craved to find out every single way to make him groan. They came together on the floor in the hallway. Not even bothering to make it all the way to the bedroom before Madge crawled on top of him. She rode him, twisting and rocking and mewling his name as Gale's fingers dug into her thighs when he leaned up to tease her pebbled pink nipples with his mouth. Aching, filling, twisting, thrusting and a shuddering completion for both followed. It was here when they realized what they had been denying for so long, both of their resolves crumbled and it was obvious now that they were who the other had been waiting for. There were no words, there was no need for them – instead he crawled in bed beside her, tucking her close and they fell asleep without having set the alarm. When he woke, he was alone. An empty bed and cool sheets on the other side, Gale was taken aback. It felt like a dream, but he knew it wasn't because he was swathed in pale purple sheets that were sweetly scented with the smell of lavender, and the pillow tucked under his head smelled of Madge's shampoo. She appeared as soon as he began to miss her. Hair mussed and tangled around her head, blue eyes bright, and wearing his t-shirt that barely covered the tops of her thighs. It was a Saturday morning, meaning that she usually took brunch with her girlfriends while he would have lunch with the Mellark's, but both knew that they weren't getting out of bed at all that day. Everyone else would have to wait, because they had found each other. From there on out, they were together. Madge blended seamlessly into Gale's life, filling a hole that he had not realized was empty until it was full. Her calm demeanor softened him, his family and friends immediately recognized that with her, Gale was his best self. Gale blended seamlessly into Madge's life, bringing a quiet fire that heated her from within igniting something long left dormant. He brought passion into her life, but most of all he brought something that she hadn't really had before and that was companionship. They were lovers, partners, and most of all best friends. He had her to thank for the new tranquil state that washed over him like a cool breeze, and she had him to thank for giving her the family that she never had before. Hazelle couldn't be happier for her boy. The Undersee's were thrilled that their only child had found someone worthy of her love. But most of all, Madge and Gale were beside themselves at the possibilities the future held. They talked about their dreams and wishes, promising one another the world. She wanted a big family like his, and he agreed. He wanted to make sure they were set financially first, and she agreed. They had their disagreements and argued over trivial stuff – but it was always for the better. He would bring it full circle with a memo. Madge proved to be as invaluable to the company as Gale, so when he took an executive position it was easy for the partners to decide who would fill his shoes. "Fancy office," Gale quipped, a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth, "I thought I would deliver this in person." He unceremoniously plopped a memo down on Madge's desk. There was a slight tremor in his movements, an almost imperceptible trace of nerves that she missed because she had yet to look away from her computer. "Thanks. I'll be ready for lunch in just a minute, let me finish up this email. What is it?" Her fingers tapped over the keys on the keyboard, breaking only to smile up at him. Gale frowned and leaned over to kiss the top of her head, "I don't know. Guess you'll have to read it." His voice got higher towards the end of his sentence, rushed almost and Madge, who was attuned to him knew that something was up. She pushed away from the desk with a huff, rolling her chair away and grabbing the memo from the desktop. Her eyes flitting to the script on the paper, she failed to notice the fact that he had dropped to one knee beside her. He knew when she had read the question, her hand flew to her mouth and her eyes filled with tears, "Will you do me the honor of becoming my wife?" Gale asked when she turned to look at him. Madge's response was similar to the one that Gale had the day he first received the memo. It was immediate and without much thought when she wrapped her arms around him and whispered a soft 'Yes' against his lips before claiming them between her own. This one-shot was just supposed to be a drabble, but it got away from me. I guess I like writing Gadge more than I realized. The original prompt was: Contemporary AU, Gadge – Gale and Madge work together and after months of flirting they finally have their first date. TWIST the babysitter cancelled and Hazelle is going to her monthly book club that has a strict no-kids policy. Gale has to bring nine-year-old Posy along on their date (because he knows how much his mom likes her book club and didn't want her to skip it). So, I took some liberties with the prompt, obviously, but I think this fits it pretty well! Thank you so much to LondonRainings for the prompt. Seriously, she is the Hawthorne Whisperer and I kind of love her for it. Also, a big thank you to Wildharp for his beta work – it is because of him that this is readable! Happy Valentine's Day!