onto his t-shirt. "Oh my God, Peeta!" I sob, pulling more material into my tight fists that I have formed. He doesn't loosen his grip on me, holding me close, keeping me safe. I feel him shake as he cups my face in his hands, gazing at my tattered and naked appearance. "How did you know where I was?" His face is pale with lines of worry and his eyes puffy and glazed, like he has been crying and might do so again. "Johanna called me." His voice trembles. "I'm so sorry, Peeta. I tried to protect our baby. I tried," I cry as mucus forms in my nose. He holds me closer and tells me, "It's okay, baby," he comforts. "It's okay." I nuzzle my face into the crevice of his neck. "I'm here now." He rests his head on top of mine. Once we finally part, Peeta gets my towel and wraps it around me as he dries my body. He then wraps the towel around my braided hair and squeezes out the water. I shiver as he lifts me into his strong arms and carries me to sit in the chair beside the door. He grabs the clothes from the counter and tentatively pulls the undershirt over my head, being careful not to tamper with my bandages. I wince in pain as I continue to weep and snivel. When he picks up the white cotton underwear, my already broken heart shatters into a million pieces. I feel dirty and it just doesn't feel right when white is so pure and clean, something I'm not. "No. I have to keep this on," I cry in shame, indicating the adult diaper I was made to wear and shaking my head, "because of my stitches." Peeta gazes at me with sad eyes. "Okay," he replies, a quiver in his voice. After he finishes dressing me, he carries me from the bathroom and to the bed. I notice that the soiled sheets have been changed in my absence and replaced with crisp clean sheets. He gently lays me in the bed and lightly moves a loose strand of hair behind my ear. "Will you lie down with me," I ask. He slides off his shoes and removes his damp jacket before climbing in behind me. I wrap his arm over my chest as he snuggles close to me. I breathe in his scent and my tears wet his forearm. He plants a tender kiss on my cheek and just holds me as I grieve over what has happened to me and my baby, neither of us wanting to let go of the other. We stay like this, in our own little world until there is a knock on the door. When I look up, I see an auburn-haired woman enter with a cart full of technical equipment. "Hello, Mrs. Mellark. My name is Annie and I'm here to do your ultrasound," she says with a gentle voice and small smile. After she sets up her equipment, Peeta climbs out of the bed and holds my hand in his. Once she turns on the monitor, she stands between me and the cart and goes to lift my sweatshirt, but I flinch from her. It feels as though everything I have endured is written all over me. I can see the look of knowing and pity in her eyes, and I don't know how to respond to that. Peeta leans close to me and kisses my forehead. "I'm going to put this gel," she says, holding it on the tips of her gloved fingers, "on your stomach and use this transducer here that will allow us to see the baby and make sure that he or she is okay," she explains to me. Having already had my 12 week appointment, I'm fully aware of the process and just nod my head in understanding. I look to Peeta who gives me a sorrowful smile, gripping my hand in both of his. His face looks so young and innocent - yet so terrified. I suppose I'm terrified too, but I can't seem to feel any emotions whatsoever. I look from Peeta back to Annie. She slowly lifts back my sweatshirt and undershirt before tenderly smoothing the gel over my belly. I look down at my stomach and see my skin above my pelvis has bruised and is slightly discolored, another ugly reminder. I don't want Peeta to see this. I don't want him to see what that vile man did to our baby. "Don't look," I say in fear, "Please," I beg. Peeta looks at me with despondent, tear filled eyes. The tears just sit at the brim of his eyelids, refusing to fall. He brings my hand to his lips and places a gentle kiss on it. "I love you," he says, "so much." He presses his face into my shoulder and I rest my head on top of his. I don't want to look either. Annie puts the transducer on my stomach and moves it around my belly, searching for the baby. I don't watch, but I can hear the transducer click as she presses a button. She holds it still and puts slight pressure into my skin. I soon hear a beautiful, steady beat fill the room. Peeta and I look at the monitor screen at the same time. I see the clear fluttering of our small, strong baby. My chest heaves and I release a cry of joy as tears roll down my cheeks. "Our baby is okay. It's okay," Peeta says, a single tear flowing from his eye as he alternates between looking at the screen and at me. He lovingly kisses my forehead. I just gaze at my baby. I don't know how long it will take for my physical and emotional wounds to heal, but I don't even care. Knowing that my baby is safe and well, in a serene way, I feel as though nothing else matters.