an age difference, you don't realize how incredibly sexy you are." My breathing has sped up, Peeta's words are profound, and the effect they have on my body does not go unnoticed. "Forgive me if I am speaking out of turn, but I can't get enough of you. I lay awake jerking off and coming up with excuses to come see you. I wonder what your skin tastes like, what your hair looks like falling free against your naked shoulders, and what it would be like to hear you moan my name." "Peeta," I rasp out, trying to steady my breath, "I'm much too old for you." My words are more of a reminder to myself than him who needs to be the level headed one in this situation, but I find it hard to have a clear mind when there is warmth pooling in my stomach, and need slipping from between my thighs. "There are plenty of young ladies that are better suited for you." "Believe me, I've tried them out, and none of them compare to you. I've wanted you since the moment I saw you struggling with that ladder, do you know how uncomfortable it is to push a lawn mower with a raging hard on?" Peeta bites his bottom lip and his head leans closer to mine. "If I'm really making you uncomfortable I'll stop, but you have to say those words, you have to ask me to stop." He's so self assured, so confident and it's making it incredibly difficult for me to deny the truth. "I don't want to ask you to stop." I give in, truly give in and curl my fingers through his gloved ones tugging him towards the house. As the front door closes behind us, Peeta's hot mouth is pressed up against mine, devouring my lips in a deep kiss. I'm stunned and don't respond immediately. I know we were just talking about this outside, and now that it is happening I'm rendered completely incapable of any response. He slides his hands up my back and works my hair loose from the braid that is knotted down my back. I finally give in and kiss him back. Melding my lips to his and tracing them roughly with my tongue. His cock presses into me through our jeans, and I rock my hips into his. His mouth falls open as he grunts in response, and I run my hand up the seam of his jeans to hear the sound again. "I want you so fucking bad, Katniss. I want to pound into you against this door and feel you come around my cock." "Yes. Yes. Yes." I exclaim, unable to find words to acquiesce to his urging as I begin fumbling with his jeans. Peeta looks me straight in the eye, "I can't believe this is happening." "Me neither, Peeta, but I want it. I want it." The words come out throaty and full of want, and I watch as Peeta works his jeans down his hips, his thick cock springing free from his jeans with a slight bob. He may only be nineteen, but Peeta is a full grown man in front of me. The skin of his cock is flushed a deep pink, he is beautiful, and I want to wrap my lips around him and taste him. He slips the jeans from his legs and throws me over his shoulder, laying me on the couch and stripping the jeans from my body. Peeta kisses me again and settles himself between my legs, the tip of his cock pushing against my center, teasing me, begging my body for entrance. I arch my hips up towards him, wanting to be filled when he stops suddenly and backs away, standing up from the couch. "Fuck," he screams, "I don't have a condom." "It doesn't matter, I am physically incapable of getting pregnant." I thought he knew this, I thought everyone knew that Gale and I tried for years before learning that it would never happen. But why should he, I mean he was just a kid himself when the rumor mill was churning. He assures me that he has been tested recently, and I admit that aside from Gale, he is the only man who has treaded these waters. Then, he is on top of me, his cock there pressing against where I need him most. With a thrust of his hips and a rock of mine, we are joined. His first thrust is forceful, pulling the breath from my lungs with the sharp realization of how long it really has been since the last time that I had done this. The subsequent ones are gentle, probing me as I stretch to accommodate him. "Katniss, you feel so good, even better than I had dreamed." He whispers into my skin as we work together towards completion. Peeta finds it first, but takes me with him shortly after when he crawls between my legs and licks, and sucks, and guides me to my own explosion of sensations and blackness. He holds me afterwards, pulling a blanket from a chair and wrapping our exposed lower halves with it as he cradles my body with his. We are sated and complete, there is no awkwardness. He stands and I assume he is moving to leave, but instead he pulls me up and kisses me again. "I was hoping to get you completely naked so I can worship you like you deserve, Katniss." He nibbles my ear lobe, speaking in low, promising tones. "Round two?" Peeta's insinuation surprises me, it hasn't even been an hour since the last time he was inside me. "Yes, round two," His lips brush against my collarbone, sending a shiver down my spine as my flesh pebbles underneath his breath, "I told you there were advantages to keeping a younger man around, Mrs. Hawthorne." Thank you to Everlark Recs for moderating and providing fun prompts and Wildharp for beta work!