the hell spawn. They needed him gone, but not before they exploited his virtue for their own perverse end game. That was until Katniss and Gale, with the assistance of a quiver full of arrows doused in holy water, brought down all three. As black smoke poured from their bodies into the afternoon sky, the blonde man came too. Gale freed him from his tethers as Katniss rushed to his side placing a jacket over his lap. Peeta took in the carnage that surrounded him, "Katniss you weren't shitting me when you said you fight demons were you?" "No, she was telling you the truth." Gale answered flatly for his sister. "What about the part where you're cursed, that's real too isn't it?" "I'm afraid so. It's all real." Katniss answered still just relieved that Peeta was okay, terrified at the idea that she was the reason he had been in such danger. Peeta locked eyes with Katniss, "I'll do it." Katniss broke eye contact with him and looked at the floor, "Dude, thanks, but after all you just went through because of me," Katniss gestured to the bodies lying around them. "I can't do that to you." Before she could finish her words, Peeta captured her mouth in a lingering kiss, from where their mouths moved together a coursing heat burned through their bodies, a burning inferno that neither one of them expected. Peeta broke the kiss, gasping, it was finally there, that all consuming connection he had been searching for. He pressed his forehead tightly to hers, "So, when are you going to make good on your offer to make a man out of me?" Katniss blushed; of all the men that she had kissed she had never felt anything like what Peeta's kisses sparked within her. She suddenly felt anxious, Gale was right, this man was different, and he definitely deserved more than her. "You don't have too, Peeta. I was serious, I'm not going to take that from you." He pulled her to him, "It's not taking if I'm giving, believe me I want this." His hips rocked back and forth into her, forcing his barely covered erection up against her stomach, the contact made her instantly wet. She wanted it too, but not in this soup kitchen surrounded by the carnage of demon slaying. "Okay, how about you go take a shower, and meet me back at my hotel room." Katniss couldn't hide the smile that was forming. Peeta chuckled a little, "Yeah, I guess this isn't the most romantic spot." He pulled her close and kissed her once more. There wasn't much in the way of a supermarket in the small Oklahoma town, but they did have a dollar store where Katniss picked up some candles and plastic glasses for the cheap bottle of wine she had back at the motel. She scattered candles around the room and queued up the most romantic Eric Clapton song she could think of, and nervously sat waiting for the virtuous blonde to join her. He didn't make her wait long, in fact the song had only hit the loop four times before she heard the rapping. She wrung her hands, and wiped them on her pants before opening the door, silently chiding herself for being so anxious. Katniss hadn't been a virgin for years, but that was exactly how she felt. It didn't help when Peeta entered the room and started laughing. "What are you laughing at?" Katniss asked feeling awkward and nervous. "Um, well I guess I just wasn't expecting all this." Peeta gestured to the candles and wine. Katniss began to blush, "Well I just wanted your first time to be special." "I'm flattered, but, um, if you wanted my first time to be special." Peeta slowly trailed off, now it was his turn to be embarrassed. Katniss cocked an eyebrow at the sheepish man in her door way. "Yes?" "Well, I, kinda was looking forward to trying out the back seat of the Impala." Peeta avoided looking at Katniss. Who simply smiled at him, took his hand and led him to the spot where the car was parked. Peeta let out a nervous laugh as he trailed behind her. The laughter died on their lips as clothes fell to the floorboard, hasty kissing progressed into touching, rubbing, truly feeling for the first time. Peeta wasn't the only one for whom the experience was new. Katniss felt as though she was ablaze, consumed by her need to be close to him, and Peeta knew that without a doubt she was well worth the wait. He pulled roughly on her hips, dragging her to straddle his lap, shocked at the feeling of hot silk that gushed from between her legs. Katniss delighted at the feeling of him pulsing beneath her, and instead of moving to take him inside her glided across his length back and forth, stroking him with her folds and teasing her own sensitive flesh. The sensation was unbelievable for both of them, but when Peeta twisted his hips just so, and Katniss tilted her body just right, and he slid into her for the first time they both saw spots behind their eyes and wondered how it could get any better than that. Yet, better and better it got, as she moved on top of him, and he rolled himself back into her, and then with one well placed push from him, and a tricky manipulation of her own fingers, both of them found completion and perfection in the back of a 1967 Impala. A/N: This story was written for Prompts in Panem, a week long writing challenge for the Everlark fandom on tumblr, and was the result of a collaborative writing process with Wildharp (usually my beta, but my co author for this one)! Thank you for checking it out and taking time to read because it is vastly different from what I usually write. I would appreciate knowing what you thought!