crowd. Not that Katniss knows that. Maybe that is something I worried about; her finding out that I am just a nobody. In the end though I am not too worried about it. Katniss is the same way too. Except her friend is Gale while mine is Rue. Rue is always getting me into events and all, but even though she has always been more out-going I doubt she is my bestfriend. We basically have made a contract that will make sure we are there for each other. After first things got a bit better. I have three classes with Rue and two with Rory so overall things worked out well. The worse class to me is my technology sixth period. Since the teacher is from the school the recently closed down the elective just started here that means it was all sorts of grades all mixed together. Naturally I am sitting next to some junior or senior boy who looked like he could just snap my neck like a twig. Yup, pretty darn frightening. Then again any even slightly muscular male in this place over fifteen looks like he could just throw me into a locker or something. Why do I have to be so tiny? Sighing I spot Rue talking to her brother Thresh, who by the way makes me wonder how Rue ended up so small when Thresh was one of those males who looked like he could just throw me across the school. But I sort of see him a gentle beast. Plus he loves Rue; they have the whole protective older brother thing going on. The kind where the brother sort of scares away boys and protects the younger sister. But hey I guess I have that with Katniss too, advantages of having a kickass sister right there. "Having fun?" I ask giving them both a tiny wave. "No, I hate sixth period." Rue says in her dramatic voice. I glance towards Thresh, who just shakes his head as if he begs me not to get her started. "Isn't the photography class?" I ask appalled, she was looking forward to the class for so long. It is sort of something that is practically pressed into my brain from all her talking about it. "Did you get that crazy woman who dresses like an alien?" I ask sympathetic for her if so. She had some weird pink curly wig with some weird outfit. She looked so… unique? "No…. well yes but that isn't the problem!" She says. "It is the people in the class… they are… are… annoying." I sniffle back a laugh though a bit manages to escape and Rue glares at me. "You poor thing, my heart is just breaking for you Rue." "It should be, "she says sticking out her tongue and folding her arms. "Very mature Rue." Thresh says and I manage to laugh. You know maybe Highschool won't be so bad. "Prim!" I hear a shout and don't even have to take a second to guess who. "My ride," I say giving a shrug to the siblings and saying a quick goodbye to turn around just as Katniss reaches me. She looks furious. "Katniss?" I ask. "No questions, let get going." She says suddenly tugging me along. "What is wrong?" I ask. "Nothing we are just…. Avoiding some people." "Some people or someone?" I ask holding my groan. My sister looks thoughtful and frustrated for a moment before letting out a deep breath. "Someone." "Now just who has made such an impression on my big sister that she is shaking in her boots?" I joke around her but her face is suddenly in a straight line and look over my shoulder. "You are about to meet him." She says placing her hands firmly on my shoulder and spinning me around. "Him?" From the hallway I see a boy with blonde curls and bright blue eyes that match my own emerge and spot Katniss. His face lights up. He holds a paper in the air. "You forgot this in cooking." He says smiling as he reaches us out of breath. He gives me a warm smile. Naturally my sister wants to avoid the possible sweetest boy in the entire school. It makes me want to laugh; instead I let her do the talking. "Thanks Peeta," I say as she takes the paper from him. "Cooking?" I ask finally not managing to hold back the question. "I will have you know I am not that bad of a cook." She says placing her hands on her hips. "Katniss if it was possible to burn water, you would be able to." I say. Peeta laughs along with me, you know I am starting to like this kid. He looks like he would be from the old school but for some reason I don't remember seeing him from times I have had to go through the old school before it got shut down. "Nice thing to hear about my cooking partner." Peeta says. "Yup you are in trouble." He shrugs, "My family runs a bakery so cooking is my blood." That would explain the name Peeta, how "punny". "Want a tip then?" I say enjoying this moment to make my sister beat red (so far so good). "I would do most of the work if I were you." "Already got that planned." Katniss says waving the paper in the air. "I take the notes." She says. "Since when does cooking have notes?" I ask curiously. "Prim valuable lesson. It doesn't matter what subject, teacher, or lesson. They will always find something for you to take notes on." So as you can see, this will be from numerous povs :) I know this might not have been perfect but I need to sort of get the story established if it makes sense. Characters need to be introduced and all. So criticism and reviews themselves could really help. Thanks for reading! Feel free to leave suggestions also.