the first issue of the new Panem Times on it. The story was Paylor's inauguration ceremony. "It may be the biggest story in world history. Another tyranny takes over, it could lead to war and annihilation of Panem." I look up. "Okay, but I have a few more questions." George shrugs. "Shoot." "Why me? I'm the son of a Peacekeeper. She won't talk to the president, why should she talk to the son of a cop who may have killed her best friends? I grew up in District 2, which won most of the Hunger Games. She probably hates our District on principle." "You may be the son of a Peacekeeper, you may be from District 2, but you're also the best reporter, the most intuitive writer, and the most caring person I have on staff. I need someone who can empathize with suffering. You saw plenty in the war. You're a combat veteran. You opposed the Hunger games. You've covered the trials. In your own way, you have shared experiences. I'm counting on your ability to empathize with her and make a connection." I can't argue with that kind of logic. "How long have I got?" "As long as it takes." "What if she slams the door in my face?" "You do the same thing you always do in getting the information we need. You talk to everybody in District 12, from the Commissioner down to the kids in the parks. If they have any. You work on the people she knows and trusts, and gain their trust." "But we're still trying to manipulate her." "We need to know her truth. And part of that is how she was manipulated." "We can tell that story." George thumps the table. "Absolutely. It's an important message to our citizens to avoid being manipulated. Maybe she can send a message in just saying, 'Don't be like me. Say no to violence.'" I think for a long time. "I think you want to empower her, rather than manipulate her." George's voice takes on a hushed tone. "My mother used to say that all the time in counseling sessions. Try to find empowerment in any situation, and use it to become stronger. This is more than a big exclusive, Charlie. This is about ending a war and healing a nation." I put my head in my hands to absorb the situation. I think about the kids I grew up with in District 2, who had only one subject of discussion: how they would win the Hunger Games. The Games are gone, but that sick, twisted hunger remains. That hunger has to be filled with the more wholesome food that the new society is making. But District 12…we're talking about a society that is a sealed-off compartment, like a lot of the empty apartments in the Capitol. Nobody knows what's behind the locked doors of apartments that belong to dead people or criminals awaiting trial. I look back up at George. "How about this…suppose we start off with stories about District 12. It's the smallest and least-known district, anyway, and the whole war started there. Before the war, everybody thought they were a bunch of inbred yokels. Now it's a martyred ruin. I could do a series of stories about how the district is rebuilding itself, positive pieces, which would win the confidence of the residents, and make them willing to open up to me. Through them, I can connect with her." It's George's turn to lean back in his chair and think. He stares at the ceiling and the blinking fluorescent lights. Then he exhales slowly. "That's good. Very good. There's a compelling national interest in what's going on in District 12. In many ways, it's the laboratory for how we rebuild the whole country. No District suffered as much under Snow and no District suffered as much damage in the Rebellion. Okay. File regular stories on the rebuilding process. We'll run them up front." "Okay. I'll need some time to get up to speed on this project." "I'll get our library guys to work with you. We'll go over the files and tapes on Monday. Tuesday I want you on that train to the mountains." "I also need Kae Lyn Harrington. She's been my camera woman in a year of war and seven months of peace." She's the only one I can talk to about the war. "Your camera woman?" "Yeah. I don't go anywhere without her." George shakes his head. "You can't have her," he says blandly. I flush red. "Can't have her? What the hell, George? She's fast and she's good." "Precisely why I need her on the hunt for Flickerman. She's going out Tuesday with the patrols." "Damn it, George! You say this is only the biggest story in history and you take away my camera!" I can't tell him that I need her as a friend more than I need her behind the lens. "Which is why I'm giving you Ace Archer." "Archer?" He's 19. From District 1. The only thing I know about him is that he's fast and good. "Don't know the guy personally." "He's a good photographer." "That I know. He can shoot pictures." "Then you have no objections to taking him?" "I'd rather take Kae Lyn, than have to break in a new photographer." I sigh. "But if that's what you want, I'll take him." "Great." George rises to shake my hand. "Look, I don't want to put too much pressure on you, but the nation needs the Mockingjay's story told. For good or evil, Katniss Everdeen put this country on its present path. We need to know that it's the right one. You're the only one who can do this." I know it's time to go. "I hear you." As I leave, George offers one final piece of advice. "And, Charlie? May the odds be ever in your favor." I turn back. George has a wan smile. "Thanks a lot, boss." "Any time, kiddo."