if he wanted it. When he offered this, he hadn't expected Peeta to be able to hold his own in terms of rent and utilities, that just so happened to be a nice bonus. Gale also hadn't realized that Peeta would become invaluable to running the business. His easy-going charm and likeable demeanor would help them win and maintain customers. Similar though to the Hawthorne's and the Everdeen's story, this is a tale for another time perhaps. For the one at hand has many turns to take before fate took hold of Peeta's life and left him in the circumstance he now finds himself. The months passed in a blur. While Peeta had lost employment at the bakery, he had picked up hard-working shifts with Gale putting up and then removing Holiday lights, scalping yards, clearing brush and cleaning planters out for the coming spring months. His girlfriend seemed ambivalent now about getting a place of their own, but was happy to help Peeta arrange a crib and diaper changing table in his bedroom at Gale's. They were no longer intimate, and many times she seemed to even cringe when Peeta went to kiss her goodnight. It did not deter him though; he remained steadfast in his promise and was there for her in every way that she would allow him. At the time he did not realize what her ambivalence meant, although now if you were to ask him he would tell you he knew in the back of his mind. College applications were not sent, but Peeta did pass all of his classes and graduated. While there were many people at his graduation, only a handful were there for him, and only two of them shared his last name, his brothers. The small gathering that was there for him was also there for Katniss Everdeen. He had become close with the Hawthorne's and even Katniss's sister, Prim (even though the dark-headed girl who used to star in his dreams could not be bothered to hold more than polite conversation with him). She was a smart girl, destined for scholarships and studies at a major university. In fact, it was her absence from Everthorne Lawn and Landscaping that had allowed Peeta an opportunity to make money when he was no longer able to work at the bakery. His girlfriend chose to have her diploma mailed to her aunt's house instead of walking with the rest of their class. Truth be told, Peeta was just thrilled to have a few people to cheer his name, and he felt far more love from that handful of people than he felt throughout his seventeen years in the Mellark home. Prim and Posy made cakes for him and Katniss, and they shared a graduation party even though they barely exchanged a word. To Peeta, the hastily decorated, dry box cake tasted much better than anything his father had ever produced because the girls who had made it did so with love. Peeta was there when she went into labor, holding her hand and helping her throughout the worst of the pain before an epidural could be administered. She cried and panted and cursed his name, making a lot more noise than she ever had the entire time they had been together. All the while he held her leg and promised her he would always be there for her and the baby who would soon be arriving. When the small creature finally pushed free from between her mother's legs, Peeta was shocked to realize what a tiny bundle of wrinkles and mess the baby was. It wasn't as if he expected her to come out wearing pigtails and a smile, he just did not anticipate the state in which she would be delivered, (despite having read all of the books he could find at the local library). The nurse cleared the baby's airway and the infant mewled loudly, the sound delighting Peeta and terrifying the young woman from whom she had just come. A move was made to place the infant on the mother's chest, who vehemently refused this contact and asked to be left alone. All the while Peeta stood rapt watching the scene unfold before him that included his little girl (perhaps not noticing as he should what was going on with the little girl's mother). He cut where he was directed and followed the baby, his little girl, observing as she screamed her way through her first bath, then he learned how to tuck and fold the edges of a miniscule diaper so it did not rub against her delicate umbilical cord stump. The mother was a lot less interested in the infant crying in the corner than most new mothers are, eventually asking for more pain medication and dozing while the doctor worked to deliver the placenta and stitch her up. The nurse shook her awake to ask if she was ready to see the baby, because despite the father being ready to hold his child she should really try to nurse first. The mother violently moved her head back and forth, insisting that Peeta would be just fine feeding the baby, whom she had yet to refer to by name. Finally the time had come, and the baby had been put through all the tortures the nurses could devise to subject a newborn to and was ready to be held. Peeta's arms stretched wide and the petite, swaddled bundle was placed there, tucked close to where his heart beat nervously in his chest. Peeta stared into her eyes, finally, truly understanding what love was and knowing that he would never be the same again. ... " My little girl, look what you've done. You've gone and stole my heart and made it your own." Jack Johnson, 'My Little Girl' ... Please see my profile or visit me on tumblr (kismetff) to learn more about Linger and all the wonderful people who have assisted me along the way. Thank you!