comfortable – though it didn't make a dent in her feelings about the rest of the experience. Katniss had tried to provide Peeta some comfort and calming words, but he wouldn't accept them, he was adamant that she needed them more, for she was the one who had felt it all, had to birth their tiny child. But he definitely felt more upset about it than he was letting on. By the next lunchtime, she was discharged, they said she could go home, but just be careful for the first 24-48hours, and to watch for more bleeding, although they expected it would be fine. They gave her a follow up appointment with her regular doctor for the following week, just a standard check-up which was always carried out, but if there were worries or concerns, they'd be welcome back to where they'd been – Katniss silently refused this offer, she didn't want to be back at that place. This thought made her thankful that Peeta got them to stay there; she couldn't have imagined having to do that at home, where she'd have to continue her life normally. When they stepped outside the room to leave, and she saw her father, she went straight to his arms. She was always a daddy's girl and even being in her twenties now and after what they had just gone through, she still felt like a little girl. Vulnerable, weak, helpless. Her father held his strong arm around his eldest daughter and supported her to the car. He held her for the entire journey, and then helped her into their home and up the stairs, leaving her in her room. Peeta rode back separately, he was a little grudged to do so, but her father was the only one who loved her more than he himself did, so he knew she was in safe hands. They'd already arrived when he got back, and her father was sitting in the lounge with a cup of coffee, her mother already cleaning the kitchen and starting to prepare meals for the coming week. He went upstairs and found her standing just a foot inside their bedroom doorway, her shoulders slumped, looking defeated. "Hey" he greeted her with a small hint of a smile, placing a kiss on her cheek and forehead, her face was a slate, free of emotions, "I don't know what to do" she said to him quietly. "I'll help you" he tells her, leading her to sit on the bed. He collects clean and comfortable lounge clothes for her and helps her change before getting her settled under the bed covers, "Rest, sleep" he tells her, tucking her in and kissing her forehead before shutting the curtains. He checks the door is closed before lying down on top of the bedding next to his wife, wrapping his arms around her the best he can. And they sleep together, loving and comforting, trying to decipher how they will continue on from this point. Her mother stays over in their guest room for almost two weeks, both of their fathers visit every few days, alternating between them. But his mother never comes – Peeta gets it, he's fine with it. Peeta tries his best to understand what has happened, he reads about it a lot, and after a week or so, he understood that a miscarriage can happen for no reason if the pregnancy just wasn't meant to be. The statistics on them shocked him a little, there was a reasonably high proportion of pregnancies ending in miscarriage – they were just one of a whole group of unlucky couples. After the first week Katniss begins to get around a bit more, never leaving the house, but moving between the different rooms, silently though, almost like a ghost. She moves from the bed to the bathroom then to the couch in the lounge, then rotates between the three. Peeta is delighted to see her improve during the second week, it begins with a few words, then longer conversations – always just with Peeta though, and always about how much she loves him. He lets her though, she needs to take her own time with this. Then she starts back with intimate gestures, initiating embraces and kisses. But again these are just for Peeta, she doesn't show anything to anyone else, even though her friends come and see her and try to get something out of her. Annie and Delly are gentle and sit with her and embrace her and smooth her hair as she lets a few tears slip in front of them. Johanna lies next to her on the bed and tells her it will all work out sooner or later and tells her she's only young. As she leaves though, Johanna tells her they're all there for her when she wants them. Gale was very awkward, he sat at the end of the bed, while she had her legs outstretched, and he patted her foot and gave his apologies for their loss. Other friends flitted in and out with her parents and his father, and she slowly opened up to a few more people at a time. She felt it took 4 weeks to feel a lot more like herself, "I'm feeling better" she told Peeta with a small smile as he got out of bed that Saturday morning. He gave her a wide smile in return, "that's good" he replies to her, "Do you want to go out for a walk then maybe?" she nods and smiles a little again, which in turn he gives her back. They spent that day outdoors; together, taking in the fresh air that she hadn't realised she'd missed. It made her tired, but it was a good type of exhaustion, and although the next day was tough, in the long run the days seemed to get a bit better for them. But they never forgot the precious existence and memories of their first born, their son.