likely win; yea I know I think like a career. They win almost every year don't they? Acting like one must help a little. Not like I need it. The only thing standing in my way is Jasmine. Her older brother, my best friend, would hate me if she died in there but I guess she's not his real sister anyways. I sat down next to my brother. We could be twins if it wasn't for our ages. We both love the woods. In district seven that's not uncommon. He is amazing with a bow and arrow and I am lethal with an axe. I am only 12 years old though and he is 18. This is my first year eligible and his last. We look the same really with brown eyes ivory skin but my blonde hair is extremely noticeable next to his brown. "Don't worry were too much alike to not be real family lil Red," My brother Robin was the only one who called me that and didn't get a dirty look for it. "I know, I know," I said and looked up at the screen. I was still very young and all the tributes so far looked about 15. "Well look at that, District seven's tributes are family, Robin Alex Hood and Red Ann Hood." I looked over at my brother and almost sobbed. We might be related but not to our parents. I didn't want him to die. That probably wasn't going to be a problem because I'm so small, but I will not go down without a fight. My name is Aurora Slumber. I have Blonde hair and brown eyes. I am not who I thought I was. I am 13 years old and live in Distict eight. I was in love with unicorns and pixies and now I realize why. The Capitol stole me from my story. Where ever I had been must be better then this. I am Aurora Slumber and I am in the 100th Hunger Games, and I plan on winning. I'm Mickey Jones. I have black hair and brown eyes so dark you could call them black. I have an odd fascination with mice. Which honestly doesn't get you far in life, I live in District seven. I didn't want to play the Games but now I am. The 100th Games to be exact and I begin to realize there are no worse games to play. My name is Athena Owl. Make fun of my name and I'll skin you. I have black hair and gray eyes and look like I should be from District twelve. I am not though I am here in District nine preparing to be whisked away into the Capitol. I am smart sure, but wisdom only caries one so far. I wish my family was my real one. Wishing won't do any good. Scientifically nothing you wish for happens, you make it happen. I can't make it happen. Jonas Wolf is my name. I will kill to win theses games. My family isn't my family and I just found out today. I have dark brown hair my eyes are hazel. I watched the television screen close enough to know they were saying my name. I have a small build but I can win this. I could say I'm a little afraid but who isn't. I am the Big Bad Wolf after all. I wish we could just fly away get away from these rotten games I'm sure to die in. I am very small, or petite. I have blonde hair and green eyes. I don't want to be in the Hunger Games. I will die and it's too bad. My name is Tinkerbell Rose and I am going to die soon. I don't plan on living long. -Jack Beanstalk Me and my brother despised each other. Facilier never left me alone. He had hopes of being a doctor and people tended to call him Dr. Facilier. It was a brotherly sisterly hate but it was hate. My name is Tianna Lawrence and my brother's name if you hadn't gotten it is Facilier Lawrence. When it was announced we would be tributes we panicked but Facilier soon calmed himself and said I was going to live anyway. I yelled at him the rest of the airing telling him he better not mean it. He yelled back saying I was the baby, were only a year apart. We have quit a situation on our hands now because trust me when I say my brother is determined. My name is Apollo Rodriguez and I'm from the seam. I have Grey eyes and black hair. I love singing but it seems as though that will not get you through the Hunger Games. I want to win but there are only two alive victors for twelve and they will be almost no help I'm certain. It doesn't help that I am in love with the merchant girl, my fellow tribute in the games. I can't win this. I know it for a fact. I'm pretty yea but how long will looks last you. I don't want to die. I am good with knives. It may help in the slightest bit. I have blonde hair and blue eyes like any merchant I dont want to end up dead. I don't want to win and end up like the other victors either. Decisions, decisions, choices between survival and the end. Winning means fame and fortune, losing means certain death. Okay, tell me if you like it. The next chapter won't be nearly as long. I will make a next chapter and continue the story if you review and favorite and such. Also you are allowed to send in things to tributes. You can become a mentor also if you send me a PM or leave a review stating what District and your name and a little bit of personality traits. :) May The Odds Be Ever In Your Fariy Tale Favor!