over, but there's still a permanent bitterness between us. "In the closet. I thought you wouldn't mind." He makes a throaty noise. "Is it special?" He pauses, takes a drink of liquor and looks down at the glass. "I got married in that." "Oh," I stammer. If there's one thing I know about my father, it's that he loved my mother with his whole being. I've heard people tell me how he reacted when she died: he lost the will to live. That's probably why he drinks, to escape reality. I wonder if it works. Does he long for her even in his drunken state? Or is he too incoherent to even remember his own name? I feel bad that I brought up such bad memories. "I can take it off, if you want." He looks at me quizzically. "No. She would want you to wear it," he says finishing his liquor. My mother died when I was just an infant, so I've never felt her absence. Just a distance father. There was a time where my father did care though. It feels so very long ago, I think I was around ten when he gave in. I don't know why he just started drinking. Caring has turned into mere toleration of each other. Most days I can't stand to be around him. We leave the house and walk to the reaping square in silence. Maybe deep down he does still care for me. Maybe. But I refuse to believe it. If he cared, he would choose spending time with me over spending it in a drunken fog. At the reaping square, I neatly print my name on the sign-in sheet, Flick Mistral. Among other things, this helps keep track of District 7's population of nearly six-thousand. I turn to my father. His eyebrows are scrunched together, the same way they are when I tell him we're out of his favorite drink. "Good luck," he says flatly. "Yeah," I retaliate just as cold. My father makes his way to the sidelines. I join the crowd of eighteen-year-old males, the section closest to the stage. As I do, I notice the camera crews perched on the buildings like ravens waiting to pick clean the bones of a fallen animal. They'll capture every tear, every word, every facial expression of the two who will be the tributes of this year's Games. More people join the crowd and I begin to feel besieged by the amount of possible tributes around me. Anyone of them could be pick. Any of them could die. Onstage is our infamous district escort: Electra Dellsie. She wears a bright pink dress suit that hurts my eyes to look at. Her hair is an unnatural shade of yellow, it reminds my of an overly ripe lemon. These features give her an unreal quality, like she'll transform into a giant insect and walk right off stage as if it's the norm around here; I find her appearance comical. I'd laugh if I wasn't here right now. The two mentors of District 7 are Blight Tyro and Harva Nesh. They sit onstage talking quietly. Blight's a big guy, not exactly over-weight, but close. In my district, having a few extra pounds on you is a very rare thing. So he stands out. Well, he'd stand out no matter what he looks like, seeing that he won the Hunger Games and has become something of a celebrity around here. He's in his early twenties with short blond hair. Blond hair is also very rare in my district. The majority have brown or black. Harva Nesh is just the opposite. Lanky, straight black hair. Quite old also, in her sixties, I think. She won her games before I was even born. I've talked to this victor once. She's crass to say the least. The mayor stands up and approaches the microphone. He reads the same thing as he does every year. How Panem rose from the ashes of a destroyed North America. The District rebelled and the Hunger Games began. Blah, blah, blah. I've heard this so many times. I'm just staring at the boy's reaping ball, twenty-one of them have my name on them. Now he reads the list of our victors of District 7. In sixty-six years, we've had five, the two onstage being the only ones still breathing. The other three died of various things. The Mayor finishes his speeches and introduces Electra Dellsie. Electra blabs about what an honor it is to be here, but I can tell she's itching to be bumped up to a better district. "Well, lets get to it! And may the odds be ever in your favor!" She walks over to the girl's reaping ball and says, "Ladies first." As she waves her hand over the orb, it reminds me of a stork searching for fish in a river. She quickly grabs a slip of paper, prances back to her podium and unfolds it. "Marla Curt!" Sadly, I know this girl, we went to school together. She's one year my junior. Though she was never nice to me, or anyone for that matter. I feel for her; no one deserves this. Marla walks up to the stage. Her face is blank. No emotion, no feeling. Nothing. Electra gingerly asks if anyone would like to volunteer. Nobody does, of course. If I remember right she has a younger sister, but I doubt Marla would want her life in exchange of her's. And even if Marla was the nicest girl in District 7, I still doubt any volunteers would show. Electra walks to the boy's reaping ball. I feel my heart begin to quicken. Not me, I think. Please, not me. Electra does the same stork hand gesture while pulling out the paper. Once she's chosen a victim she struts back to her podium, wetting her artificial lips. Please, I plead. Not me. Electra opens her mouth and speaks the very words I dread. "Flick Mistral!"