the Capitol, earning them all starring roles in Snow's freak show. Gale feels when Katniss and Peeta crawl into bed. He waits until he can hear Peeta's deep, sleep heavy breathing to say what needs to be said, "I wish you had died in that arena." And, he does. She would have died and he would have pined, but life would have moved on. He could have been happy again, most likely would have even married, and been content to let her memory drift from his mind as years passed. She hears him, but doesn't respond because she doesn't know how. Gale is right, if she would have just died, had been compliant to the Capitol's games, then the three of them wouldn't be in the mess they are in now. Instead she rolls over and tucks her face into the curve of Gale's back, she doesn't try to hide the tears that stream from her face, he needs to know that she agrees with him, death would have been preferable to the hell they now inhabit. For both Gale and Katniss, the worst thing of all is the now vacant look that inhabits Peeta's eyes. He matches them now, he has finally been broken. Peeta forgives. Katniss hates herself. Gale hates himself and her. By the time Rebel soldiers find and release the trio, they are surprised to find Gale still alive. He was long ago suspected dead with Haymitch and the other carnage Snow long ago left in District 12. Even Finnick, who had been the recipient of many Capitol secrets, was unaware of Gale's presence. Only those deep within the Capitol with the money and influence to purchase teenagers knew of his longevity. Keeping Gale alive had nothing to do with him, but everything to do with punishing Katniss. Killing him would have been more merciful, Snow was not known for mercy. He had enjoyed torturing Katniss by breaking Peeta and Gale, bending all three of them to his will. The Rebellion needed the star crossed lovers to be the faces of the Rebellion, to incite others to fight. The soldiers are not expecting a third person, but Peeta and Katniss refuse to leave without him, and they are the reason for the covert mission. The Rebellion will just have to figure out what Gale is useful for. Peeta is rescued. Katniss is rescued. Gale is rescued. Thirteen is cold, unfeeling, lifeless, just like Gale, he belongs here and blends effortlessly with the environment. His knack for creating tricky snares, and his natural ability to understand engineering quickly ranks him highly with the weapons development department. He does not flourish with his new responsibilities, merely exists to work and create, fusing his anger into the deadly weapons he constructs. Peeta and Katniss share a compartment, Prim opts to stay with the Hawthorne's, the only family she has known for some time now, sharing a bed with Posy at night. Gale asks for his own compartment and is denied, space is tight, he is given a rooming assignment with another single male. It doesn't matter though, he can't sleep without them, so on nights when the fatigue and memories are too much he knocks on the door to their compartment and slips into their tiny bed with them. He hates himself and his dependency on the two lovers, but he can't help it. Peeta always greets him with a gentle smile and a light clap on the back, Gale wonders how he can truly be so welcoming and good, especially on the nights it is obvious that he has interrupted amorous activity. The night that Katniss becomes Mellark, Gale stays away allowing the newlyweds the time they deserve; he knows he will not return to the now official Mellark compartment. For the first time, Katniss' heart is completely full. Her mind is clear, her resolve determined, she feels absolute as she feeds Peeta pieces of burnt bread in the solitude of their compartment. Peeta's smiles are full, his eyes glassy with adoration as he tells her of the many times he dreamt of this night, he can't believe that it is actually reality. They spend the night making love and allowing themselves to dream of the future, and an eventual return to District 12. Neither notices the absence of the dark headed man who usually occupies the far side of their bed. Peeta is complete. Katniss is complete. Gale shatters further. They will be Mockingjays together they decide. They will be the faces of the eventually successful Rebellion, and even though they do not know it now, they will eventually parent two children in an entirely different world, made better because of their involvement. When the Rebellion is successful and the Capitol has fallen, Gale understands that his usefulness has passed, his purpose served. There is no where left for him to go, so he goes where what's left of his heart directs him, he goes to what used to be their spot. It is not Katniss that finds him strung from the tree as he suspected it would be. No, it is the one person who Gale would have not wanted to find him that way. The blonde man drops to his knees in front of the tree, despair ripping through his soul, he knew that Gale was broken, but he thought that he and Katniss would be able to piece him back together. The note left is simple, and while Peeta knows it was meant for Katniss he destroys it leaving it to the wind to scatter, she's lost so much, blames herself for everything. He cannot let her bear this burden too. In the same unsteady scrawl, that so many months ago had questioned the liabilities of their plan to run, Gale pleads his case: You'll never deserve him, you know? But, he wants you and you alone make him happy. Out of all of us, he is the one who is worthy of happiness.