the fence to start hunting. I look at the woods and take everything in. It's lush and green. I smell the trees and the fresh smell right after it rains. I walked farther into the woods and set few snares. Then I went to look for a rabbit or squirrel to shoot. I saw a few deer, which was very rare in this area. Knowing that I couldn't carry it back myself, I didn't take a shot at it. After I hauled two rabbits and a squirrel back toward Hazel's house, I traded the other two squirrels at the hob. I knew Hazel and the kids liked Rabbit better, so I'd saved their favorite for them. I noted the time and walked a little faster. Once I got to the house I knocked on the door and Rory opened it. "Hi, Katniss," He said. "Hey, Rory, may I give these to your mom? I don't really have much time to get home," I said as I held out my bag full of goodies. Just then Hazel came to the door. "Hello, Katniss," She said. "Is all that for us?" She asked once she saw the bundle. I nodded. "Come in, please." "I'd love to Hazel, but I can't," I smiled at her and gave her the sack. "I'm already going to be late as it is." I back away slowly. "Please come back before you leave, Katniss," Hazel smiled at me, knowing that I wouldn't be here very long before the Victor's Brunch and the next Hunger Games began. "Of course," I said a waved to both Rory and Hazel and turned to run toward Victors Village. I knew it'd be hard to make it back in time to start dinner; it was already 5'oclock. So I just wanted to be home in time to change and get into the bath tub. I ran all the way there and passed the bakery. I hoped Peeta wasn't looking out the window. I ran as fast as I possibly could and finally ended up home. I glanced at the clock as I went up the stairs…5:45 it read. I slid off my hunting clothes and put them in the back of my closet. I turned on the bathtub and used the code pad to make the water hot so I could get in right away. I finished washing myself in less than five minutes. I knew I had to start cooking and soon. I went into my closet once more and typed a few keys on the keyboard. A few seconds later an outfit pooped up in front of me on a hanger. I changed quickly and went downstairs to start dinner. I had just opened the fridge when the front door opened. "Hey Honey," Peeta called from the door and came into the kitchen. "Just getting started?" He asked as he put his arms around my shoulders. I nodded. "What'd you do today?" "Not much," I said as I chopped some vegetables, "I just exercised." It wasn't a complete lie…hunting can be a very good source for fitness. "Good," Peeta said as he grabbed some chicken and began to fry it. We cooked in silence for half an hour and then we ate dinner the same way. There was little to talk about. Peeta worked in a bakery…nothing too exciting about that. I could have told him I didn't love him at the dinner, but I didn't know what would happen next. What was the point? I didn't have anyone I wanted to share the rest of my life with…except maybe Gale. Gale who hadn't called me once. I couldn't tell Peeta now. It would break his heart , I thought as I looked up from my meal and saw him smiling at me. "Why don't you go and hunt?" Peeta suggests after a spoonful of beef stew. "What do you mean?" I asked him, wondering if he knew about my actual daily habits. "Well, you used to love to go with Gale…" Peeta started, "I know it won't be the same, but you could try. I know you hate staying home and doing nothing and you hate coming to the bakery even more," Peeta smiled warmly at me. "You should be happy too Katniss." Why did he still care about me? How can he love me when I don't love him? Is this cruel what I am doing to him? Being with someone I don't love for his sake? "Hunting will never be the same. I will never be the same person. My whole life is gone," I said, then realized I hurt his feelings, when I looked up and saw a slight frown upon his mouth. I immediately felt guilty. "Except for you…" Peeta looked a little hopeful after I said so. "I hope you can eventually realize you'll want a family with me," Peeta said as he finished his stew. I thought about that…I didn't ever want to bring children into a world where the Hunger Games exists. Never. There was no one who could change that for me. "I told you before, Peeta. I don't want kids…they'll only be tortured in the Hunger Games. The games are not over yet, and they never will be," I said looking into my stew. "So, no. I'll never want kids." "Katniss, we can't live in fear…if our kids go in, we will assume they will come out," Peeta put a hand on my shoulder. "Peeta. No. Kids." I said and stood up from my seat and went to our bedroom. I changed into my pajamas and crawled into bed. I covered myself with mounds and mounds of blankets and finally I let a few silent tears slip. I wiped them of my face and fell asleep. A/N: Thanks for reading! The next chapter should be up fairly quickly, but after that I'm not sure when! Maybe the more reviews I get the quicker I will update! Happy reading and writing