face, still slurping it into my mouth, quickly replenishing it. After I think that my mouth has had enough I walk back and sit down beside Gabe. "Look what I got," I say opening up the container and showing him the grapes. "Oh my god," he says looking surprised. "I didn't think we were going to find anymore food." He takes one and plops it in his mouth. "Mmm." he says with a savoury look on his face. I smile and then the thought occurs to me. In a few days I might not have him, but I have to make sure that I do have him in a few days, for my sisters sake, because if he dies then I most likely die and then my sister will definitely shut down. I lay back and rest. The day goes on, not much action, the birds chirp, the sun shines, like usual. The sun sets and Gabe and I hear the canon sound, one more down. The seal appears and we see the boy from 11, he looks to be the age of Gabe and my sister and boy des he give me the creeps. The anthem finishes and the seal disappears. "Only one today I guess," I say at Gabe. "Ya," he replies. "13 of us left." Half of us gone pretty much, half us left, I'm lucky to have made it this far. "So there is the boy from 1 left, and the boy from 3," I say looking at Gabe. "There is also the pair from 4, and the boy from 7," Gabe says. "The girl from 8 and the boy from 9." "And finally there is the girl from 10, Yessenia, and both from 12." I lay back and slowly drift off. The sun slowly creeps up with a big gaping smile, illuminating the arena and everything about. I'm already up bright and early, I take a few berries from the container and plop them in my mouth. I grab our empty water canister and start to walk to the stream, I look back and see Gabe's cute little face sleeping. I smile and then I hear talking in front of me and I jump behind the tree, only peeking out to see Yessenia, the boy from 1 and the boy from 4. I curse in my head, are we ever going to have a break from these 3? I hear there voices slowly getting closer and closer to me. I hold my hand over my mouth and clench my eyes together, hoping they won't see me. Right behind the tree I hear the voice of Yessenia and I know that she will find me, when suddenly I hear a scream and my eyes flare open. I watch as a boy with flowing blonde hair jumps out from behind a tree and fires an arrow straight for the boy from 1. It nails him in the chest and he flies backwards hitting his head off the ground hard. The boy fro grabs another arrow, loads it and is just about to fire it at Yessenia when Luke creeps up from behind and grabs the boy's neck. He slams the boy to the ground and kicks his bow away. The boy from 4 pulls a sword from his belt and stabs it into the boy from 3's stomach. The boy from 3 lets out a cry before a canon sounds, and then another. As the two of the remaining two tributes alive are distracted I take off running, and make it back to where Gabe is still sound asleep. I kneel beside him and slowly shake him awake. His eyes open slowly and he moans. "What's wrong," he asks hazily. "I just witnessed the death of two tributes," I say with a shaky voice. "What happened," he asks and I start to tell him the story. I tell him how the boy from 3 shot the arrow and how the boy from 4 killed him with a flick of his sword. "So the boy from 3 is dead?" Gabe asks. "Yes," I reply. "And the boy from 1." "So that just leaves 11 of us left," Gabe says, his eyes flickering. "So we may have a chance with winning!" "Maybe, but from now on it isn't going to get any easier, the weaker tributes have died leaving only the stronger ones to compete, so we have to step up our game and make sure that nobody finds us. I'll take a guard tonight, watching out to see if anyone is near." "Okay," he replies looking a little scared. "Don't worry, we are going to be fine," I say trying to make him seem a little less scared. He nods his head with a smile and eats a few grapes. I sit down beside Gabe and watch as a squirrel scuttles up a tree a couple feet away. I slowly grab one of my tomahawks and throw it at the squirrel. It hits it in the side and it falls down dead. I smile, supper. I take the squirrel and shove my tomahawk in my pocket. I gather a little bit of fire wood and make a small fire, just enough to cook the squirrel. I slowly roast it over the fire and then Gabe and I pick the meat off of it's bones. It's juicy and a nice source of meat, I've never had squirrel before and I'm sure that it will tide me over until tomorrow. I stomp out the fire and then go fill up my water bottle. As the day drags on like yesterday, nothing really happens, the sky clouds over and it rains a little but not to much. I lay down and fall asleep since I am sure I know who died. I hope you liked Rose's story, it's only a tid-bit, but I'm guessing you get the main premises, remember to Review and Fallow. I hope you like it so far.