literally sobbed when they were both announced as winners. I set my sights on protecting them from everything I could for as long as I could. They'd given us what we needed, and I'd be damned if I wasn't going to repay them in kind. Clarice shifted in her seat and folded her hands in her lap, looking uncomfortable from what Haymitch could tell. "But you couldn't. Right?" Haymitch paused. "No. Obviously I failed at that. I mean, everybody knows what happened to Peeta and how Katniss reacted to that." Haymitch paused again. "And you think you're not a hero…because you think you failed them?" Clarice asked, crinkling her nose with disagreement. Haymitch looked at her, very seriously. Then a smile crept across his face. "Freckles, you weren't supposed to analyze me." Haymitch politely refused to talk anymore that day, and Clarice understood. She walked slowly to Hazelle's house, thinking through everything that he'd told her. She didn't even notice Peeta Mellark stacking wood on the wood pile behind his house until she almost ran into him. "Preoccupied?" He asked, stopping to look at her. Peeta Mellark was nearing forty, Clarice supposed, but she still thought of him as the very young man in the historical videos she'd seen so often. "Yes, Mr. Abernathy is very interesting," Clarice answered. Peeta chuckled, "that's certainly true," he agreed. "I see he hasn't chased you off. He's chased off many others." Clarice couldn't say she was surprised by that, not now that she'd spent some time with Mr. Abernathy. Peeta leaned over to pick up yet another log and place it on the woodpile. Wood chips and bark littered his sweater, and his hands were covered with heavy work gloves. "Can I ask you a personal question?" Clarice inquired of Peeta. "Sure," he answered. "That doesn't mean I have to answer it, does it?" Peeta joked. Apparently Peeta Mellark shared Haymitch Abernathy's affinity for teasing young historians. "What do you think of him?" Clarice asked Peeta. Peeta looked thoughtful, casting his eyes to the side. Then he took off his work gloves one at a time, and Clarice realized he might actually answer her question. Peeta turned back to look at her. "Well, you know my parents and brothers died in the bombing of District 12, right?" He began. Clarice nodded. Of course she knew that. "And now my 'family' consists of Katniss and our kids," Peeta continued. Clarice nodded again, wondering where this conversation might be leading. "And Haymitch," Peeta finished. "He's part of our family." "Oh," Clarice said. She hesitated, thinking about whether or not she should share her thoughts on the matter. "I don't think he understands he's that important to you," she finally said. "I know," Peeta confided. "We try, but Haymitch just can't believe that we love him that much. I'm not sure exactly why. It doesn't stop us from trying to show him. Maybe someday…" "I hope so," Clarice interrupted. The thought of Haymitch Abernathy not understanding the Mellarks' true feelings for him made her sad. She'd never had a research subject touch her quite like Haymitch Abernathy had. Even his prickliness had become endearing to her. Peeta sensed Clarice's discomfort. "You know what our kids call him? They call him Hay-May." Peeta explained. "He's just like a grandfather to them." Clarice imagined Peeta and Katniss' kids trying to get a grumpy Haymitch Abernathy to play outside with them, to chase the geese with them. "And you? What do you think of him?" Clarice asked Peeta. Peeta shifted his weight from one foot to the other. He looked down at his hands, which nervously fumbled with his work gloves. "What can I say?" He began. "I owe Haymitch my life. I owe him my relationship with my wife. And without any of that I wouldn't have my children. He just doesn't see all that, and nothing I've ever said or done has convinced him." Then Peeta looked up a Clarice, and Clarice knew he was trying to gauge whether or not she understood. Clarice suddenly felt more comfortable with Peeta Mellark. What Peeta said about Haymitch made him seem like such a real person to her, not a historical figure. "Maybe I can convince him," she told Peeta. "I hope so," Peeta said quietly before Clarice resumed her walk to Hazelle's house. / Months later a package arrived on the train addressed to Haymitch. Peeta brought it to the old man's house along with some soup and bread because Haymitch had taken a bad cold. When Haymitch saw that the return address on the package was Clarice's he placed the package on his bedside table. "Aren't you going to open it?" Peeta asked. Haymitch reluctantly took the package in his hands again. If he didn't open it then Peeta might. Inside Clarice had carefully wrapped a copy of the biography she'd written of Haymitch. Haymitch turned to the first page, and Peeta watched as he rolled his eyes. "Damn. Freckles, why'd you have to go and do that," Haymitch said under his breath. Peeta picked up the book and read the words Haymitch had just read. " The author would like to dedicate this work to Haymitch Abernathy, a man who won the Hunger Games, but lost everything he loved by doing so. For years, he remained hardened, biding his time while watching the young tributes he was forced to mentor die. Finally he met two young tributes who he knew could touch the minds and hearts of the people of Panem. The consequences of his opening his own heart again to fight for them were far reaching and helped to set all of Panem on the path to the freedom. Personally, they also set him on a path to gain the admiration of those who would be closest to him in the years to come." Peeta squeezed Haymitch's arm affectionately as he handed the book back to him. "I think it's perfect, Hay-May" Peeta told him.