paused for just a moment. " There were some other reasons as well, Peter, but I don't think you'll understand those until you are a little older." / The next time I wake up I'm not praying, I'm screaming. Someone is touching my injured thigh, but the touch feels like I'm being stabbed. My thoughts jumble together just like they did on the plane during the fire, but the next words I hear bring all my priorities back into focus. "We should kill him and burn his body. He'll never live," I hear a voice say in Chinese. My eyes, which had previously been squeezed shut, fly open. The girl hovering over me seems about my age. I squint. She looks strangely familiar. Could she be the girl who visited me before? What she was saying didn't match the tenderness I'd felt before. "Kill him? You don't even know who he is or why he's here," a younger Chinese girl answers. She's the one touching my leg, and I want to push her away. Since she's arguing against killing me at the moment, I manage to restrain myself. "You know if they find him here they'll punish us, probably kill us," the older girls points out, her voice as melodic as her words are hateful. Then again, she might be right. In terms of their own safety, killing me might be their best option. Morality is another matter. As if reading my mind the younger girl interrupts. "Killing him is not right." "Maybe I don't mean kill him then. It would be better if he died and we burned his body. We don't have to kill him," the older girl points out. "He's from that plane. Where do you think that plane was going?" The younger girl asks as if she knows the answer and expects the older girl to know it also. "Japan," the older girl whispers, then pauses. "Or somewhere near Japan." "And what do you think that big plane was going to do in Japan?" the younger girl asks. The older girl looks down, thoughtful. She wrings her hands. "Bombs," I choke out in Chinese. "Bring bombs." At least that's what I hope I'm saying. I would say "Bomb the Japanese munitions factories," but I didn't know how. I can understand much more Chinese than I can speak. My C.O. back in our base in India would probably say I shouldn't say anything, but these girls might be my only chance at survival. Plus, the way the older one said "Japan" makes me sure she views the Japanese as the enemy. The enemy of my enemy is my friend. Do these girls believe that as well? The younger of the two leans back and away from me, her jaw having dropped down in astonishment when I spoke. The older one stares, her eyes wide with wonder. They're no doubt shocked that a blonde man like me could speak a word of Chinese. I suppose if a Chinese person literally dropped out of the sky and started speaking English back in Pittsburgh I'd do the same. Then again, maybe I accidently said something offensive. The younger girl quickly regains her composure and resumes her arguments against killing me. "How can you kill a man who flew a plane over your home to bomb China's enemy and still say you are loyal to China?" she asks indignantly. I'm relieved that I've judged their loyalties accurately. "How does he know how to speak any Chinese? Who is he?" the older one asks in response. She eyes me suspiciously and starts examining my parachute and uniform with her deft fingers. I notice the straps of the parachute have been cut off of my shoulders unevenly, and my bomber jacket lies across my chest. I wonder if they've put it there to keep be warm or simply to look at it. I attempt to move my leg away from the younger girl because she keeps touching it, but moving is definitely the wrong decision. I fist the few water plants I haven't already pulled from the mud and fight the urge to scream again. My hands continue to clench every time my heart-beat sends another painful throbbing sensation through me. I feel sick and turn my head to the side where the older girl is kneeling. Our eyes meet again, and hers all but glisten. But I turn my head further still because I don't want to look at her as I get sick, if I do. Connecting with these girls could save me, but a haze of pain, nausea, and fear make concentration difficult at best. Once the waves of physical misery dissipate a bit I start with an additional strategy. "If you help me, the US government will…" I begin in broken Chinese while gesturing my hand to the fabric sign sewn onto the back of my bomber jacket that explains that I'm a US airman and that my government will offer protection to anyone who returns me safely. Every airman wears the same message on his jacket, and it's written in multiple languages, including Chinese. "We aren't telling anybody about him!" the older girl states firmly to the younger one. She doesn't address me directly or even look at me again. The younger girl nods. She does look at me, her eyes softening. She starts to reach her hand out, then stops when the older one tells her "no." Both girls rise to their feet and start to walk away. I call to them in both English and Chinese, but they ignore me. I lay still in the shallow water, trembling and hoping they'll come back. [AN: Yes! If you are wondering - the "older girl" is Katniss, and the "younger girl" is Prim.] [Follow me on tumblr - .com ] [Special thanks to: my awesome beta - Katnissinme, my eternally patient "plot advisor" – Loueze, and the amazingly talented Ro Nordmann for the banner/cover art for this story]