was in safe hands. " Annabel Cresta. Or Annie. I'd like to be called Annie..." she said in a small voice, barely audible. Mags smiled. "Okay then dear. Annie it is. I do hope that you're feeling better." said Mags, as she took a glass of water from the bedside table and handed it to Annie "Here you are dear, have a drink and then I'll arrange for someone to bring something for you to eat." Annie slowly sat up straight and fixed her posture, when she noticed what she was wearing. She wore a comfortable, simple nightdress that reached below her knees. She also noticed bandages in her arms and legs where her bruises had been. She looked over at Mags and then at the glass of water that she was now holding. " Is something wrong dear?" asked Mags concerned. " What...am I doing here?" she asked, still staring at the glass of water she was holding. Mags sighed. "I found you lying on the streets when I took a trip to town dear. I saw you there, bruised and battered and I just couldn't leave you there. So I brought you here." she explained. She hoped that Annie would allow herself to feel better first before having to explain everything. " Thank you." was all she replied to the kind old lady who had bothered to care for her and not leave her to die. Annie suddenly missed her old home, its been too long. "Miss Mags..." she started. Mags chuckled "Just Mags is fine dear. No need for Miss. Now, what was that Annie?" " I was...I was wondering where "here" is." She looked at Mags. " You're in my home dear. Well, me and my grandson that is." said Mags, and she immediately noticed Annie's expression change and her face pale in the mention of the word "grandson" "He isn't here at the moment though. Went out with his friends and headed to town not long ago." " Oh." with that Annie visibly relaxed. "I'm sorry." " Why are you apologizing Annie? You've done nothing wrong." said Mags softly. She had been wondering for a time what happened to the young girl in front of her. " I...don't know." she stated. And its true, she didn't know why exactly she was apologizing. Mags took the glass of water from Annie and held her hands. "Annie, can you tell me what happened to you? I'd like to know. I want to help you." Again, Mags had reminded Annie of Maysilee. And she knew this woman wouldn't hurt her, so she willed herself to talk, to tell Mags her story. Annie would stop from time to time, daze off, and stare into space. Mags would wait until minutes would pass and Annie would talk again. " And I ran away. I didn't mean to. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Don't hurt me..." As Annie was ending her tale, she was going into hysterics as she remembered how she ended up running away. She began to hear Seymour's voice in her head. Mags immediately held Annie's hand in her own "It's alright Annie, you don't have to tell me any more. It's okay now. You're safe." It took some minutes later, but Annie had calmed down, with Mags holding her as she cried. "Annie, would you like to stay here?" Annie didn't respond, and Mags left her at that. Annie, had needed her rest, she could discuss this some other time. It was the day after, when Annie was better rested, that Mags had spoken to Annie about what she planned to do. Mags no longer pushed the issue of Annie's hysteria the night before instead she was offered a home in the Odair household, which Annie supposed was the name of the family that owned the place, Mags wouldn't take no for an answer. So in turn, Annie compensated,she said she wanted to earn her rights to stay. Which resulted to Mags giving her household tasks which Annie had agreed on. End Flashback So now, here she was. At the door leading to the room of Mag's grandson. She shivered again before raising her hand to knock. Annie has never met said grandson. After all, she did her very best to avoid him at all costs, and she was doing an amazing job up until today. But she's certainly heard about him. Annie was often asked the past week to go with Mags around their side of town, and many people had mentioned her grandson. The words Annie had more often than naught heard to describe him was that he was handsome, kind, handsome, generous, handsome, every girl's dream, and did she forget to mention handsome? But this did nothing to assure Annie that she was anywhere near safe when it came to this man. After all, she was still traumatized by her experience with Seymour. She gathered what courage she had left, knocked and opened the door of the room. When she entered, she found it empty, and she was grateful. She quickly placed the food on top of the bedside table and as she was getting ready to leave and run out the room, she heard another door open, which she assumed as the bathroom door, and footsteps follow. "Who are you?" asked the voice behind her. Annie willed herself to turn around, and there in front of her was the rumored handsome grandson of Mags. She stared at him as he stared at her. Inside, Annie was panicking, the voices in her head coming back. She needed to get out of the room, she needed to get away. There in front of her was the all famous Finnick Odair. Authors Note: I hope you guys liked it, please tell me what you think. :)) Kindly Review, and I'm open to suggestions :D I'll update soon. I don't have a set number of chapters for this, it all depends on how it all plays out. :)