of soap. She sniffed at it, and reached for her emergency supplies that she'd packed. Small bottles, but they'd do the job. She left her suitcase in the hall and locked the bathroom door behind herself. She felt fresh, awake, clean, afterwards. She dressed in something more comfortable to wear, a knee-length flaring skirt and a simple ruffled blouse. Relaxed clothing, loose around her body. Being out of the public eye felt like being freed from iron chains. She snapped her suitcase shut, folded her dirty clothes up, and poked her head around doorways until she found what must be the guest room. Tidy, the window open to air, and the bed stripped of sheets. Downstairs somewhere, the sound of a washing machine trundled along. Effie looked out the window, but there wasn't much to see. Downstairs was another story. The girl was scrubbing at the kitchen bench furiously. Haymitch was slumped in a chair that Effie would have sworn hadn't existed in that corner before. Peeta Mellark was standing beside him, and turned to see her arrive. His face was lit up, cheerful and happy. There was always something suspicious about how genuine the boy seemed, but maybe he really was just naïve. You could see the pain in the wrinkles in the corners of his eyes, if you knew where to look. Effie couldn't keep the memories of his screams from echoing in her head. She'd heard them in her cell sometimes, knowing that it was not an accident. Some hidden speaker, playing the evidence of her failure as an Escort and a protector of this boy, just for her. 'Hello, Peeta dear.' She couldn't have predicted the way he more or less ran to her, embraced her. He hadn't been anywhere near as familiar when they'd been winding down the revolution in the Capitol. Her arms went up around him reflexively. He was warm, alive, real. He seemed more like the little boy who'd smiled so bravely, terrified of what being drawn as a Tribute had meant. Not like the young man who'd been tortured and drugged, lied to and conditioned to hatefulness. She held on a little tighter, until he pulled back to show her his smile again. 'Effie! It's so good to see you!' 'Well, it's only been a short time since you saw me in the Capitol, but I have to say the same.' That confused him a little. 'Did I? Sorry, things are still mixed up some days.' 'Oh, never mind. I can't remember the word for broccoli some days. It's so good to see you!' Peeta nodded. He kept a hand on her, like he was checking to make sure she was really there. She shared a look with Haymitch. They both knew they'd failed Peeta. It felt wrong that he didn't seem to even know there was anything to forgive. 'It is! I had this nice idea, I can set the folding table up outside. There's still leftover pie, we can make some sandwiches. Sit outside for dinner.' 'Al fresco.' Effie smiled. Haymitch and Peeta both looked baffled. Effie laughed and shook her head. 'Outside sounds delightful.' It was, or at least it was after an awkward and stilted start. The menu was quite randomised, leftovers and preserves and sauces that were obviously simply to hand. Two years ago, Effie would have found the idea of an unplanned dinner party like this quaint and delightful, but coming out the other side of a prison sentence, it simply seemed different. She still didn't like the idea of mixing some of the flavours, and a slice of bread spread with jam was weird following a bite of gamey pie, but the sheer abundance of the food felt indulgent. 'This is wonderful, thank you.' It sounded trite, she knew. She could see the way that Katniss' shoulders tensed in response. 'Katniss makes the jam,' Peeta said, 'because she's the one that gets the berries.' 'It's delicious,' Effie said. 'And the view, well. The way the clouds turn orange when the sun goes down, it's just...' 'Isn't it?' Haymitch said. 'Just wait until you get a clear day, stand away from the buildings, and there's nothing but blue all 'round you.' 'Blue?' Effie asked. 'Sky blue, light reflecting back off of little particles at the right angle. So the sky is invisible, but it's blue. Something about wavelengths, I think? Blue resonates for longer.' 'If you say so,' Katniss said, all sarcastic challenge. Effie waggled a finger at her, grinning. 'I'll let that go, missy, because I know what's buttering-' 'Jamming,' Peeta said very seriously, 'there's no butter on the table. And when there is, Katniss isn't the one who —' 'Jamming my bread, then.' Haymitch snorted. 'It's the bread that counts, surely. How you slice it.' Katniss snorted; Peeta smiled and ducked his head. As Effie laughed, she looked past them to Haymitch, to see him looking more relaxed and happy then she'd ever seen him. 'It's good you're here, Effie,' he said, when everything was dark and they'd tripped over each other to get everything back inside. 'I don't think we know how to laugh without you.' She pursed her lips. 'I'll choose to take that as a compliment. Though, for the record, the three of you are the ludicrous ones.' When she went into the guest bedroom, the bed had been made up. Her suitcase was sitting at the foot of the bed, and as Effie got her pyjamas out of it, she started making a list of things. Planning for the future, that's how you moved on from things, right? She was going to learn the name of the girl who'd cleaned the house. She was going to stay with her friends for as long as they'd have her. She'd watch them grow old and happy in safety, if she could. One day, soon, she would look up at the sky and see a colour so blue that her eyes watered.