with clear intent of entering her space, and that made her knees jerk right up to her chin to instinctively protect vital organs and make her a smaller target. Her response gave him pause, causing him to move with that much more care and measured slowness as he placed both hands on her rock. The action displayed the webbing between his fingers, the black speckles dotting his hands like freckles, and also his claws. Those nails were nothing like the long, thin, grotesque things from the first creature, but they were far from blunt. "My name is Peeta." He informed her gently, softly, like he was entreating her. She knew he was engaging her, trying to draw her out but all she could manage was a very quiet, "Oh." He was not deterred but patiently asked, "What is your name?" Before she thought to lie lest he spin some sort of magic against her using the information, the word was rolling from her tongue, "Katniss." A smile lit his face like the sun in spring, adding warmth she had not been expecting to see where his expression had been wary before, "Well, hello, Katniss." She said nothing, only stared at him and his sweet, boyish smile. He would look human if you did not study him too closely, though it was obvious how little he was in the sun when compared to her own tan skin. Being under water made what would have been his human aspect of color nearly white like parts of his tail. The merchants were also much lighter in skin color as opposed to the men and women out in the sun for days on end. He could have passes for a merchant's child without the fins swaying around in the water to hold him stationary. The water again crashed up her back but this time it also lapped over her legs and lingered, letting her know it was almost over. The rock was under water and her perch was leaving her to his mercy. There was very little if anything she could do after her safe place was taken away but the water did not offer kindness, it only did what it was meant to without feeling. "I have a family." She blurted out for the second time, not believing it would help but still hopeful that it might. "I know." He said softly, touching her bare and cold toes with a surprisingly warm hand, "I heard you before... but that is why you should hurry before they come back." Katniss frowned at him in confusion, "Who? The other one?" He nodded, "Marvel." As if that told her anything whatsoever, "But Cato was in these waters as well so we must hurry!" "What is Kato? Hurry where?" Her fear had been replaced with a lot of questions, but she remembered it when he took hold of her other foot and promptly jerked her from the rock. She crashed into the freezing water with a cry of alarm and a second for the way he tugged her to his chest. Struggling was automatic, her body thrashing in as close to a snakes wriggling as she could manage but his grip did not falter. He easily held her as he spun onto his back, acting a bit like a capsized boat she could cling to that also happened to be alive and moving; not that she needed it for she was a very capable swimmer but he was remarkably fast. The rocky cliffs were within reach before she had a chance to fight him in his new position. Peeta shifted back up, thick, fleshy fins at his hips moving in firm stokes at her side to give him that balance he needed as he shoved her onto a ledge. It seemed like her mind was moving sluggishly, uncomprehending what was happening to her. Katniss only stared at him, unmoving and unable to think clearly and she lost her sense in his blue eyes. "Katniss, go!" He urged her, motioning up the cliff. "But my nets..." She mumbled, looking out at the water, "And my boat... I need those." Peeta shook his head emphatically, "Later, now you need to leave." Her grey eyes met with his blue again in bewilderment, "I don't understand... Why? Are you just going to let me go?" "Go on, go back to your home and worry after you are away." And suddenly he dropped beneath the waves like a stone, making her gasp and lean after him, eyes searching the dark depths. He broke the surface where her rock had been in only seconds, "Quickly!" He urged her again, and this time she was able to snap herself from her daze to obey. Katniss scaled the wall, ignoring with effort the lack of one boot, and ran for the tiny house she shared with her mother and sister, legs pumping so hard and fast she thought she might dry her clothing with the wind before she could even arrive home. As he suggested she put thoughts aside of how to find a boat again when attaining that one had been such a struggle; she shoved aside worry over material for a new set of nets and the loss of a days catch in favor of being glad she seemed to have survived. The mercy of a beautiful Siren with a gentle smile had saved her but none would ever believe her if she said as much so she would not say. She found herself wishing she might one day see him again, if only to thank him in a clearer frame of mind. Perhaps she would always watch the splashes of long tails with greater interest after this, she thought. Note: Not sure I'll continue it or not but I needed to get this idea out of my head a little! I needed siren!Peeta in my life, though he's a good siren! Peeta would be a mix of Whale shark and minke whale