and Ethan are and convinces Ethan to let go and give him a hug. I turn away and walk in the direction of Alec and Johanna. "Hey, Kitty Kat," Alec teases. I guess the nickname Jo gave me rubbed off on him too. "Hey, Ali," I tease. Alec gives me a glace but it is gone quickly. He has forever hated that nickname. Alec and I have a unique relationship. We constantly tease each other but never have any real conversations that don't end in both of us trying to win a stupid bickering argument. Back and forth, yeah huh, nuh uh, like a broken record player. Alec has and will ever be the jokester in our group of friends. He can turn any sad moment into a memorable one. Alec leans in and gives me a hug. "When you leave who's gonna make me laugh when I'm down," I mumble in to his shirt. "Well just remember all the times I did and I'm sure that will be enough," he chuckles at the memories. I smile. "Stay safe out there," I say. He pulls away and gestures to himself. "They can't touch this," he jokes then busts out in the "Hammer time" moves. I burst out laughing, gaining some strange looks from the people around us. I punch him on the arm and he acts all offended. I glare at him and he sticks his tongue out at me. Johanna walks over and steals Alec's hat off his head revealing his crazy brown locks sticking out in every direction. Jo places the hat on her head. "Come on… My own Girlfriend would steal my stuff," he grunts, throwing his arms in the air. "Well go get it back," I taunt. "Will do," he says very seducing way and chases after Jo. Perfect is the only word to describe them. I decide to return to Peeta. Slowly I walk, watching all the other Marines hug their family members. We're all losing someone today. When I reach Peeta, he is hugging Annie. They mumble things to each other. Finnick is holding Bay in his arms. Bay looks absolutely exhausted but still grips onto his father's shirt with all his might. I walk over to Finn. "Can I steal the little guy from you?" I ask. "Yeah, He falling asleep tho," he says handing Bay over to me. Bay's grin on his father's shirt dissipates and he releases. I sit on the benches closes by and Finnick fallows. Bay snuggles into my chest and his eyelids slowly flutter closed. I slowly rock him back and forth. I hum a lullaby to him and he is soon deep in sleep. "You're going to make an amazing mother," Finn smiled. "Honestly, I have no clue what I'm going to do when the baby comes and Peeta's not there to help," I object. "Well, you're a natural with Bay and Ethan," he counters. "Well, their just amazing," I say. "Yep they are," he says. Annie takes the sit next to Finnick and Peeta takes the one next to me. Peeta wraps his arm around my back, sending familiar warmth everywhere his fingers touch. I brush a tear away from Bay's cubby little cheek. Just to think that when he wakes his father and uncles will be on a plane to Base 13, In Afghanistan. I hand Bay over to Finnick. Finnick's eyes light up as he holds his son in his arms. I lay my head on Peeta's shoulder and watch as the clock on the wall ticks by. I close my eyes and imagine us anywhere but here. Memories of us running and playing on the beach replay in my head, memories of us with the others on Finn's boat. I remember being the one to push Finn off the boat, after that Peeta picked me up on his shoulders and jumped in the ocean. I can't help the smile that pulls at my lips. Alec, Gale, Thom, and the girls walk over and sit on the bench across from us. Alec's hat is still on Jo's head. I chuckle. I know there is little time left for goodbyes. They talk but I don't pay much attention. "Honey, Its time for us to go," Peeta whispers in my ear. My stomach drops. As if in this one moment I just can't get enough of him. One moment I was basking in the memories and now I'm trying to savage for more. Peeta stand pulling me up with him, he pull me into a hug. I try and soak up as much of him as possible. I feel tears slip down my face. "I love you so much, Peeta," I say. "Word can not describe how much I love you," he says back. Peeta pulls away to quickly and I feel so venerable. Peeta swings his pack on his back and leans in and kisses me. "Be safe," I whisper. "There will be a little someone waiting for your return." "I wouldn't miss it for the world," He says and kisses me again. In this moment there is so much I want to say to him but I just cant find the words. I watch as Peeta and the boys walk off toward the loading area. They turn and wave as they disappear behind the doors. Then they're gone for another 8 months. But none of us know who will walk back though those doors and who will come home in a wooden box. A/N Why Hello there. Freaken longest think I have ever wrote. I hope that you all liked it. It was another "Why not?" story. I hope I did the characters' personalities right. I probably messed up on the facts about the Marines, and if I did, I'm so sorry. Tell me what I messed up on and I will fix it. I really just loved the idea of A modern version of The Hunger Games. So have a wonderfully fantastic day.