it all ends up with an amusing laughter. He's laughing hard. The way I was longing to see a few hours ago. But I'm too startled to even let his adorable guffaw affect me. And before I can be confused I understand what's going on here. I want to grab his head and bury it into the depths of the earth. — Damn you, Peeta! — I storm. My voice is shrieking and I try to let go of his hands but I can't because his grip is way stronger than mine. He's still laughing at me, and the pleasant sound of it nearly makes me go soft again but I'm too furious to surrender like this. I can feel my cheeks burning and I'm sure the color of it is as hot as the feeling itself. I allow myself to look down, since I can't seem to be released from Peeta, and I fight really hard to not cry. I'm relieved. I truly am. I just won't give it to him. — You scared me to death! Bastard! — While I shout obscenities at him, I keep struggling and contorting my fist to see if he gets tired of holding me but he doesn't. I seem to not have even made him any real effort. I am tired of moving hard myself, after so much time in a steady position, and I just end up losing my balance, falling onto the rug again, both my arms extended to Peeta's direction. And he is not done laughing. — You had to see your face while I was talking. — He finally says and I just give him a disgusted glance, refusing talking. I feel his grip growing weaker on my hands and suddenly I'm free of him. I have no will to get up or do anything; I just stay lying down here, intensely blazing Peeta. If wasn't so angry and ashamed, I would be certainly enjoying his happy, sappy expression. I was craving that. Peeta lies down beside me and before I can move away, he fiercely grabs my waist and pulls it closer to him, placing half of my body below his own and locking my legs with his, so any attempt of running away is denied. He finally stares at me with his eyes genuinely joyful and I know, somehow, he's gotten something in mind the whole time. He needed an answer earlier and I realize it had nothing to do with my welfare this morning. His elbows, each placed protectively at the outward sides of both my shoulders, are still supporting his weight so he won't fall over me completely. I try not to be moved but if I keep staring at his blue eyes, I will really go soft this time. — Why did you do that? — I ask faintly, even though I'm being dead serious. He just grins, making my heart skips a beat. — I wanted to see how real was that 'real'. — I don't answer. I drop my eyelids to the level it suggests I'm suspicious. Peeta just laughs quickly before approaching his healthy, hard face from mine. We stay like this for a long while; enough to make my muscles less tense and to make my fury be drained away. Peetas is less smiley as well and the gradual seriousness appearing on his face tells me he's not kidding anymore. Then I realize how things happened here. This baker guy must be some kind of magician as well because I can't seem to find another explanation for what he just did. He walked into our house this morning and I was lying down in the rug, almost dead, as if I had nothing else to do. Peeta knew I was not ok even before he asked me that. Of course he did. He knew I was thinking about the past because he knows it is the only thing that can bring me down. The arena, Prim's death, the hijacking. He knows my weaknesses and hearing from me what was saddening me was only a confirmation. He knew I was worried because he's changed, because I had no certainty if his love was really true or if it was just something he had to fake, to spare me, even though I made no efforts to tell him my love for him in the first arena was only an act. He had to hear me revive in his mind everything he'd been through, he had to bear with his own sorrow to hear mine and he hadn't even complained about that. And yet he found a way to ease my preoccupations as if nothing else mattered. He found a way to show he can't be the same but he can love me anyway. To make me feel better. Because I am. I am not even slightly angry with him anymore. This time, I truly feel like the happiest person in the world for having finding him near that river. I remember Haymitch's words and I can't agree more. You know, you could live a thousand lifetimes and still not deserve him. I was trying to get back to the old Peeta when the 'new' one was everything I could ask for. Old or new... Peeta is Peeta. I stop fighting back to lose my eyes into his and I don't even care how I am looking like. I don't wait for him. I lift my head and in a second, my lips meets his warm ones. I don't know how to do things right. I'm silly. I'm idiot. I'm impulsive. But I won't lose him again. Peeta is the balance I need. The bright yellow. The dandelion. I feel a sweet smile between my lips before my kiss was fairly corresponded; he passionately caresses my face with his free hands and now I wouldn't want anything else in my life. This is real, Peeta. More real than everything we've been through.