" I begin but Mrs Everdeen interrupts. "It's all right Peeta. Prim is learning to become a healer. She needs experience with these kinds of things. She'll have to face far worse." "Besides," Prim grins, "Blood doesn't bother me." Cautiously, Prim cleans the streaks of blood from my face and washes the blood from my hair, gently untangling the curls. Mrs Everdeen brings over a glass filled with a strange, pink liquid that smells very strongly of daisies. "Drink this," she orders. "It will help with the concussion." Obediently, I take the glass and drink every drop. Almost immediately the queasiness eases and I can form coherent sentences again. The pain in my temple is still blinding, but that will fade with time. "Thank you ma'am," I say, glad that I can express my appreciation without having to worry about throwing up. I turn to Prim. "You'll make a fantastic healer. You're a natural." She beams and her cheeks turn a light shade of pink. "Just make sure you come back in three or four days so we can remove the stitches," she replies. "Prim, would you care to escort Peeta back home? I'm not sure he is ready to make the journey alone yet." "Oh no, there's no need," I say quickly. "I'm fine, really. I can walk home by myself, thanks. Oh and I will send some fresh bread over as a thank you," I add. "You had better not," Mrs Everdeen warns me. "Not unless you plan on another visit for more stitches." "You are probably right ma'am," I answer. I wish I could repay them somehow. I'll have to settle for sneaking Prim cookies from the shop like I do from time to time when she passes by alone. I thank them both again and stand to leave. The world lurches to the left, but I manage to keep my balance. Prim guides me out of the apothecary and stops at the door. "Are you sure you don't want me to take you home?" she asks kindly. Prim is such a sweet little girl. "No, that's okay, Prim. I don't want my mother to know where I've been and you know how she would react if she saw you. You know how she feels about people from the Seam." I roll my eyes. I hate my mother's attitude. She acts like we are so much better than everyone else because we live in the town. I do not agree. People are all equal - no matter where they come from. Besides, we still live in District 12 - hardly anything to brag about. The Capitol barely even notices our existence, unless we don't meet our coal quotas. And that never happens. We don't want that sort of attention. "I guess it would be better for you if I don't come," Prim says, unsurely. "I'll be okay Prim," I smile. She nods and goes back inside. I have to walk along the right side of the road on the way home, trying to compensate for the world leaning to the left. I stumble a few times but manage to make it home without falling. Then I sneak in through the back door. I find Rye and Appam in the bakery and they begin to question me until Mother walks in. We fall to silence and become absorbed in our work until she has made her coffee and leaves. "What happened?" Rye asks. "Do you have to go back?" "Prim told me to go back in three or four days to get the stitches removed," I state. "And?" Appam raises an eyebrow. "Are you?" "Hell no! In three or four days you are going to help me pull them out!" I say. "Says who, runt?" Rye asks sarcastically. "Peeta, you're going back," Appam says menacingly. "Says me. We've already snuck away once this week. We are not risking it again! And I am not going back to Katniss' house!" I hiss. "Oh, so that's what this is about," Appam laughs. "Awww, Peeta's afraid his girlfriend will see him and he'll have to talk to her," Rye chuckles. "Shut up," I laugh. "I am not going back!" "Peeta," they begin. "If you are going to make me go back, I'll pull the stitches out now so we have a reason to go back," I threaten. "All right, all right, Peeta. You win. You don't have to go back." "Thank you. Now let's get back to work before Mother realises we are behind our schedule." Over the next couple of days, the pain in my temple subsides, although my thoughts still jumble together at times and I keep having strange dreams. Four days after my visit, Prim arrives at the bakery while my mother is out. "How's the head?" she asks. "Much better thanks to the two resident healers," I laugh. "Why didn't you come back? Mum is wondering about you." "No need. The stitches are all out," I say, grinning. Prim shakes her head and sighs. "What are we going to do with you, Peeta?" "Here, take a cookie," I laugh and hand her the one I have just finished frosting tiny flowers on to. "Primrose," she smiles. "Of course. No other flower would do for you, Prim." She shakes her head again, laughing. "Make sure you get some rest. I think you're still concussed." I chuckle. "Okay doc." Three days later, the pain in my head has gone and the swelling has almost disappeared. The dizziness and queasiness have both completely gone and my dreams are no longer strange. Everything is going back to normal. Until I trip over my shoelaces and spill a bag of flour I was carrying. This time, thankfully, there was not a rolling pin involved so I don't get a concussion. But Mother hits me with enough force to leave me with a welt on my cheek that swells badly so that my right eye is partially closed. And the cycle begins again.