On one morning a particularly loud argument erupting between Katniss and Haymitch brought Peeta outside. It was another one of his days off, otherwise he'd have been at the bakery hours ago. Katniss was already out there, pacing around the yard on her cellphone, knee-deep in weeds. When she hung up, she looked even more dejected than before. Peeta crossed his yard to meet her at the fence. He hadn't put on shoes and the soggy grass squished between his toes. "Hey. You all right?" She took a few steps toward him. "My car won't start. It does that sometimes after it's been raining hard. My friend Madge says it's probably the spark plugs or something." "I take it you need to go somewhere?" I have class in an hour." "And it's not something that you can miss, huh?" She flicked at the top of a milkweed plant beside her, watching the white tufts scatter in the air. "Usually I'd just borrow someone's notes, but there's an exam today. Car trouble isn't a good enough excuse. Someone has to have died before Dr. Aurelius'll give out a make-up exam." "Where do you go to school, Katniss?" Her gray eyes widened at his use of her name, but all the same, answered: "Capitol." Capitol University was a relatively short drive, but a hell of a long walk. "If your car has trouble with the rain, why doesn't Haymitch just let you park in the garage?" "I can't. It's crammed with a bunch of his old junk." "And he won't let you drive his car?" "He doesn't have one. They took his license a couple years ago, so he sold it." It embarrassed him that he didn't know this. So much for being a good neighbor. How could he live near someone all this time and not know that he never left the house? There was a liquor store and a grocery store within walking distance, so perhaps he did get out, but Peeta still couldn't help but feel disconcerted by this new information. At least he could somewhat make this right by helping Katniss, or so he rationalized. "I'll tell you what: let me grab my keys and I'll drop you off. Is there someone who can bring you home?" She shook her head. "I have classes until late, and my friends work in the evening." "What time are you done?" "My last class ends at 8:20," she told him. "Then I'll pick you up at 8:20." She slid into the passenger seat of his Dodge Charger, as tense as a curled leaf beside him. He couldn't be sure whether her apparent discomfort was with accepting this favor or having to endure a twenty minute commute with a man she barely knew. Probably both. She smelled like cut grass and maple syrup. And Pine-Sol. He noticed her eying his satellite radio and offered to let her control the music. He honestly didn't know what twenty year-olds listened to. As she scrolled through the stations, she landed on, of all things, a channel playing jazz standards. He wasn't familiar with the singer or the song. This was his parents' music growing up, not his. They'd been forty years old by the time he was born. His brothers were already in high school. Johnny was about to head off to college. His parents had plans, dreams of travel, of being contented empty nesters. Peeta's unexpected arrival ruined all of that. The sound of Katniss singing softly under her breath to the music caused him to turn toward her. He wanted to turn down the volume to hear her better. As if sensing someone's eyes on her, she stopped suddenly. The silence between them stretched until the next highway exit when Peeta finally said, "I heard you sing a few weeks ago." "I know," she muttered, her eyes trained on the floor. "That song...it was one of my father's favorites." "Skylark," she supplied, still not looking up at him. Desperate to keep the conversation going, he asked, "So is that your major? Music?" "No. Business Administration." "Your voice is beautiful, by the way." Her cheeks flushed ever-so-slightly. "I don't sing much anymore." "Well, you look happy when you sing. Especially that last time, when you sang Skylark, funny enough." She finally glanced up and craned her neck to look at him. "Why is that funny?" He shrugged. "It's a pretty sad song." "Is it? I guess I never paid that much attention. The lyrics are all about birds and meadows..." He hummed thoughtfully. "It's about...wanting someone to love you...wondering if anyone ever will." "So she asks a bird to help her find it?" "Seems pretty hopeless, doesn't it?" "Someone should tell her that what she's looking for is overrated. Or him. Depending on who's singing." "You're a little young to be that jaded." Her lips formed a tight line across her face. "I've seen enough. Age has nothing to do with it." They sat in silence during three entire songs. Katniss didn't attempt to sing any of them. When they reached the campus, Katniss directed him to where she should be dropped off. Her gaze briefly met his as she climbed out of the car. Her eyes flitted away. "Thanks," she said. It was only when she walked away that Peeta began to wonder just what it was that Katniss had seen. How she could seemingly write off the concept of love, yet still be able to sing about it so convincingly. Even after everything he'd been through, he couldn't fathom hardening his heart in that way, as damaged and neglected as it was. He thought of that swimming pool where Katniss lived, sad and broken, yet somehow signs of life had attached themselves to it. Peeta hoped the same could be said for his heart someday, that something real could take root and grow inside it. Because if there was one thing in this life that Peeta Mellark could do, it was hope.