and so I it was quite difficult to do in these shoes. I laughed as I sat down. Once the show is over, the interview begins. Ceaser starts with Katniss and Peeta. He talks about Peeta's "Love at first sight" and much more till he gets to what Katniss was thinking about with the berries. Uh oh. "I don't know... I just.. I couldn't bare the thought of being without him, or Siren. She's family to me. She took care of me in the arena." She says grabbing my hand. "Speaking of young Siren. What were your thoughts when she pulled out the berries.?" he asks " I was so ready to die at that point that I could only think of being able to be with my mom and my brother. I made my choice but I told myself if I were to go out anyway I'd want to be with my family." I say looking at Katniss and Peeta. "Family seems to be something that means a lot to you. " he says. I nod." Yes, I have a lot of little brothers and sisters. And when I was young and my mom passed away I had to grow up fast and step into her role. I know the value of family. I know to hold onto it while I can." "Speaking of fast. You jetted off the stage pretty fast." He says laughing looking out to the crowd. "Yea, that was hard to see plus my hormones being out of wack." I say sheepishly. Here goes nothing. "Hormones? What do you mean?" I take a deep breath. "Well..." I pause looking into the crowd and see President Snow, he nods." It seems I'm going to be a mom soon" There were shouts and gasps and even more cheers. It was out now. Everyone knew, including my family... "What is everyone blubbering about down here, the cameras will be here in two hours! Siren gets your pregnant bum up here now."I hear Winky yell from upstairs. I look around at everyone wide eyed as we all burst out laughing. I left the room and went upstairs. I sat in the chair Winky set up as he grabbed a bunch of different garments and pushed them into my arms. The top was a flowy pale blue chiffon top that accentuated my baby bump,a pair of dark denim maternity jeans with dark grey suede knee boots (thank goodness they were low heels) and a long silver satin flowy sweater. Without skipping a beat Winky sat me back down in the chair once I was dressed and begins to pull my now all black curls back into a half up half down do and natural looking makeup(for once) This outfit , everything , is the most like myself I've felt the entire time I've had him as a stylist. I didn't even get a chance to glance at the mirror before he starts ushering me out and down the stairs. "Ok people its ten minutes till Showtime!" Gainey says loudly. I take a deep breath calming myself,this is the first time Panem would see me since the Games and I would be big and pregnant. I walk into the parlor room and I'm my eyes meet with someone I haven't seen or spoken to since the Games. Once the interviews were over the anthem played as President Snow took the stage with three people with pillows behind him. He walks up to me first grabs a silver crown and places it on my head. " Congratulations my dear, you deserve this." He whispers to me. "Thank you Mr. President" I say in a small voice. When he was done giving Kat and Peeta their crowns the anthem sounds again as we walk off the stage. "Can we go home now?"I ask everyone tiredness evident in my voice. Finnick walks up to me, immediately my blood turns cold and all I do is want to hit him and hit him hard. He steps back when he looks into my eyes. "Yes we can go home." He says. "Not to be rude Finnick but I don't want to be anywhere near your right now."I say coldly. "But Siren..."he pleads sadness clear in his sea green eyes. "But nothing.."I pause seeing everyone including President Snow and Ceaser watching us intently." I was close to death, almost killed by mutations and all I could do was think about you. Yet I come back to find everything we had was a lie , everything I thought was from you in there was from Mags when all along you were with her!" I scream pointing to Gainey. "Hey!" She protests. I give her a murderous look "Shut the Fuck up you ugly Ass Barbie wannabe and get the he'll away from me!" I look back to Finnick."You may have kept me alive in there but now.. I live for my child and myself. Don't talk to me,don't look for me ,don't even think about me. Forget I exist!" I shake my head at the thought and walk past him, ignoring him as I sat down in the chair set up in front of the camera. I try my hardest not to look at him but I can feel the burn of his eyes on me. My baby girl kicks me again, I close my eyes as I rub my stomach. My nerves are going insane. I need to calm down. I keep chanting to myself. "Interview, train, sleep. Interview,train,sleep." The light on the camera turns on... Here we go. I'm back! How did you like this?! Review and let me know! I know it's starting slow but trust me this one is going to better than the first! Btw Happy 4th of July everyone! Btw, my birthday is in like 2 weeks lol I can't believe I'm going to be 26 o_O I'm old lol nahhhhh. Btw, Disclaimer... I own nothing but my OC's. Review Follow Favorite!