though the venom in her voice was threatening to break the surface. "That's only because you have a famous little daddy and mom. Though she's about as useless as a piece of sand compared to the rest of us. What happen to her again, of right! She lost it when she saw her partner in the games get beheaded. You know, I hope you get picked as a tribute. Maybe you would lose your mind to and then we could talk about you like we do your mother. Or maybe you could do us the favor of getting yourself killed. That would surely end your family's sanity. And when that victor comes to our district, I'll be sure to thank 'em". The rest of the people around them became a blur to her quickly, Troy noticing the commotion quickly strode over, his grip finding her arm quickly. It wasn't enough as the princess of four ripped her arm from his grasp and brought Eber to the ground. Maggie's fist found her face as her rage took over. "Don't. Ever. Talk. About. My. Family!" She screeched. Pulling back up, she saw the touch of red on her knuckles. Blood. Eber's Nose was busted. In her short pause, Eber took the advantage, with a quick swipe of her elbow, she caught Maggie by the jaw and found herself on top. Seeing the punch coming for her, she jerked her head to the side as Eber's fist slammed in to the ground. One after the other Maggie managed to dodged them only every catching a touch of her skin, until her hand connected directly with Maggie's eye. Wincing, she brought her leg up and slammed Eber in the back. She let out a low cry and this time, Maggie took the advantage. Back on top I went for another punch as white gloves went under my arms and began to pull me off the screeching brat .Peacekeepers. Hauling me off the ground I was still throwing punches as was Eber, but as much as we flailed about, they continued to wrench us apart. Once we were a few feet away she screamed at me from the top of her lungs, her nose a bloody mess. "I'm going to kill you Odair. You just wait" I was thrust into Troy's arms by the peacekeepers as her voice rang out. Seeing my own blood and Eber's painted across their white uniforms. My vision was still red as I straighten up, quickly heading back for the second round, but strong, comforting arms pulled me back with a harsh yank, and I found myself in the embrace of my not so pleased best friend. "Way to go Mags, you sure handed that like an adult" sarcasm laced his voice like I'd never heard, his eye's looking anywhere but me. His cheeks were hot with rage and he was practically blowing steam. Troy, to say the least, was furious. And I wasn't sure why. I mean I had gotten into plenty of fights with Eber and her buddies, but they had never been so public, and had never involved peacekeepers. "Seriously Maggie! You are going to get in so much trouble. You're running out of escape cards." –he hissed at me sharply and for the first time since my little fight, he looked at me. His face lost its anger, his eyes dropping with concern before the temper was replaced, but not for me. That fire in his eyes was now reserved for Eber. And with a gentle swipe, he wiped the blood from my swollen eye. "What the hell am I going to do with you" –he muttered, quietly enough so Maggie couldn't here. Setting her down by their favorite spot on the shore, he tended to her wounds as if routine. "Calm down Troy, stupid fights like this happen all the time. Nothing that bad can come of it" But to Troy that was a lie, he lost his Dad to two peace-keepers who were messing around in a "stupid Fight" and he just happened to be in the cross-fire. His concern for me was understood, and I couldn't help but feel like the jerk now. I was really all he had left besides a few other friends, but none of them were as close as we were, and I had been selfish and let my feelings come before his. I must really suck as a friend. "You ready for training" he asked sternly, bringing me out of the rant in my head. And with a small smirk I stood up, wiped the sand off my bum, and flexed my arms to show how ready I was. "Hey, you always said I would bring her to her ass. I've already handled it once today… and trust me, I can't wait for round two" Her voice was confident, in a way that Troy hadn't heard in a long time. And watching the way she moved with such fluidity in her minutes of bliss, as she swung at the girl that she had loathed for years, he couldn't help but be amazed. Maggie was a great fighter, and Troy was beginning to realize she was a lot more like her father than he had thought. She was compassionate and protective of the things that she loved, but she was ruthless in a way that was beautiful, a way that wouldn't give up. And for the first time, Troy could picture the girl that had been by his side for years in the Arena. A/N: Well I hope you enjoyed that first, new taste of LAST HOPE. I personally think it sounds and flows a lot better than the original and I can't wait to see what you all have to say. PLEASE REVIEW, it really does mean a lot and it is seriously one of the biggest encouragements that you can give us to continue. Have a great week everyone. `-May the odds be ever in your favor