and side by side on a bed that could have become their grave any moment. Shoulders touching, hands skimming casually and promptly drawn back, hearts divided by a wall of infinite distrust. And yet still there. Together. Alone. Oh, so alone. Gale will never forget. Because he was there. When everything happened – the bad, the worst – he was there. He was there when they couldn't save her at the end of the Games. He was there when they went to look for her in the Capitol. He held her in his arms when they rescued her, light as a ragdoll, so weak and helpless he nearly thought it wasn't her, that they had taken the wrong person. It was the first time he saw her for what she truly was: nothing more than a girl in a land of monsters. He still remembers her face, the lost look in her eyes that made his heart sink deeper than he'd always thought his soul could be. He still feels her shaking. He still hears her crying. He saw her, tortured and defeated, and this is not something he can simply wash away. "Really, Jo," he says, mustering up a small smile – so difficult, so faltering, so damn coy – as he walks inside. "It's good to see you." x x x It's much like the old days. Actually, it just seems like they're still underground in 13, thrown in the darkest corner with so much on their minds and so little to say. There's the dim lights, the quietness of an empty place, that closeness they used to share but were never able to deal with. The only difference is that now they're not underground, but outside in the open air, with a soft, fresh breeze caressing their faces. And it's odd. Odd and funny, considering she's been avoiding human contact during the whole past year. But it's also nice, even if Johanna doesn't like the inaccuracy of this definition. "Well?" he begins at some point. She knows he's been telling her about what's been of him so far, but she hasn't really listened. Not because she doesn't care, but she's afraid of what she might learn. "Got nothing to say yourself?" His grey eyes shimmer in the pale moonlight as he considers her sceptically, as if he didn't really expect her to answer. She finds him grown up, compared to the boy she used to know, the one who wouldn't stop moping like an idiot over a stupid little girl who didn't deserve him anyway. He's taller, which is pretty remarkable, for one who's always been a giant, and you can tell how hard he's been working by the way his shirt stretches around his newly developed muscles. His face is still the same, that peculiar mixture of toughness and sweetness she could never quite place. "What about the beard?" she asks, ignoring his previous question. Instinctively, he rubs his chin between his fingers, as if only now he realises he hasn't shaven for days, and this gesture, for some reason, elicits a small laugh from her. "Don't worry, you look fine. And don't take that as a compliment," she adds immediately. "Because it's not. I guess people like you just can't help looking anything less than fine." "Alright. It's not like I expect compliments of any sort coming from you, anyways, you know?" "Good for you, then." The sound of the sea washing the shore is like a soothing midnight lullaby in this night so full of stars and poor of dreams. She's never heard such a charming song in all her life and she could just sit here and listen forever. "Johanna?" he says after a while. His voice is so low and wistful she could have not heard him. But she did. "What?" "How long are you staying here in 4?" "No idea. You?" He shrugs. That kind of shrug you use when something is important to you but you'd rather die than admit it. "A while." Figures , she thinks, as she rolls her eyes. She can sense his need for something, the unspoken plea in his tentative speech. She reflects about it. There's nothing, nobody waiting for her back in 7. Nor anywhere else. And here's Gale, appeared out of thin air after months of mute distance, alone, just as she left him. It's much like the old days. But maybe this time she doesn't feel like pretending she doesn't need something to rely on. "What if I stayed?" His gaze, transfixed on the ink-black line of the horizon, enlightens a bit, or perhaps it's just the moon shining brighter. "Would you?" It can't be that . It can't be. It can't be hope crawling though Gale's words, making them weak and shaky and so boyish he's surely ashamed of how they came out. Hope is dead to them. They were both there when it happened. They mourned it together. He and his guilt. She and her scars, inner and outer. And the unforgiving hatred they both foster within. "Would you mind?" "No." "Would you care?" "I don't know." She shrugs. That kind of shrug you use when something affects you but you'd rather die than admit it. "I'll stay. I've got nothing better to do, anyway." Finally, Gale turns to her. "How long?" She shrugs again. She doesn't know what kind of shrug that is. She doesn't know if this is important to her, if this affects her. She guesses she will find out. "A while." A/N: alright, I haven't been writing fanfictions for a ridiculous long time, but I've been reading a lot lately and my inspiration came back all at once, so here's the result. This is going to be the first of three parts, so there's more coming up. Reviews and comments are very appreciated, and , please, be patient if you find any mistake or typo, it's late and something might have slipped, even after the re-reading!