one needed him; he'd made sure of that. There was the revolution, bringing the capital down. If he was honest though he didn't have a thirst for vengeance or even a desire to make the world a better place. Why in the hell did the world deserve to be a better place? It had never done him any favours. Now the only method of killing himself that he could stand had been taken away. His head ached as a single thought crushed his mind. There was no way to escape. As he thought that he felt something soft brush his lips. Effie's eyes were looking directly into his, they were hesitant, but also questioning, she bit her lip nervously "Wow" she whispered "You taste so much better this way." She kissed him again, her lips covering his. His heart hammered in his chest as he felt her hands stroke his face. He wanted this if he was honest that's why he let her in. The next best thing right. Why not? He deserved this one night where he didn't have to feel like a washed up drunkard who people only put up with out of politeness. He wanted her. What was the shame in that? He didn't have to pretend anymore, President Snow wasn't going to march in and tear them apart. He could just be with her and for the first time ever he didn't have to worry about the Capital. He didn't have to worry about anyone taking her away. She pulled away at first he was confused. Then he saw her looking at the bunk bed. It wasn't the most comfortable prospect in the world. There was a part of him that really didn't care; his mind was fogging with lust. He lunged for her, pinning her against the wall. His hands shook frantically as he tried to clasp that stupid zip. He just couldn't stop shaking. The clasp was there but he couldn't feel it. Effie reached for her zip and pulled it, granting him access. His hands desperately sought entry as soon as she did it. Effie could feel his hands on her even though his hands were shaking; they instinctively went to where she liked to be touched. She smiled as he continued to kiss her. She paused for air which just gave him a shot at her neck which he took. "Oh God I needed this." She rasped. Haymitch stopped for a second. What in the hell did she say? It didn't matter. They were done with talking; he had one thing on his mind now. He wanted to devour her. He wanted her to scream. He wanted her. But what did she say? She felt her hands across his stomach and they clasped around his back pulling him closer. There was nothing in the way now. He needed her so much. He stopped kissing her and his heart broke at the hurt in her eyes. But he stepped back. He looked at her. He was insane she was giving him exactly what he wanted. Sure she was probably still mad at him for bringing her here. But she was always mad at him. His head was awash with a crushing pain as he tried to focus. For once he couldn't even blame the alcohol. "Effie you need to leave." He told her his eyes closed; there was no way he was making the mistake of looking at her. Effie didn't say anything. She walked away back to her room. What else could she do? The moment she got back her knees seemed to give way underneath her and she collapsed onto the floor. She didn't want to cry. She didn't want to give him the satisfaction of making her cry. She didn't want him to think that he had succeeded in absolutely humiliating her. It was so stupid. He'd manipulated her into feeling sorry for him. He'd taken advantage of her loneliness and isolation so he could use and discard her. She wanted so desperately to be angry, to have a fit, punish him, and get even. She cried like she was a little girl. The kind of crying where you don't care how you look or how much noise you're making. The world doesn't matter then, the whole world becomes your sadness and you don't know when it's going to stop. Of course the really stupid thing was that she wanted him. She'd missed him. She wondered if he was ok. She was so soft hearted, everyone knew it. So of course everyone took advantage of it. But what went wrong, she offered him everything like the fool she was. But he didn't take it. Haymitch kicked the wall as he stayed in his room. This stupid action resulted in a sharp pain in his foot. He wanted a simple release and instead here he was in pain and it was his own stupid fault. How could anyone be so stupid? It would have been so easy. She was so hot especially in that stupid jumpsuit. How could anyone pull off that stupid jumpsuit? Their relationship had always been physical, an emotional release after the games. There was too much. She was too much. She could be everything. He wanted her to be everything. No she already was everything. How could he give her all the evil in his life as well? She didn't deserve that. He'd taken everything from her, her home, her career and she was risking her life. How could he possibly take any more? What kind of monster would want more? A/N So that was fun, I hope Haymitch's Nam styled Hunger Games flashback makes sense. Please review. Also whilst this story isn't over. If you want more Hayffie love whilst waiting for the next chapter you can read my other Hayffie fics. I should have seen where they first get it on and it's cold outside where they realise that they can't let each other go.