with the bread, smiling as he sees Prim. "Prim, it's so lovely to see you," he says, and pauses as he notices that Prim is not alone. "You brought your family," he states. "Hello to you too, Peeta," Prim giggles at him. "You know my sister, Katniss. And this is my mother." As Prim says my name Peeta's eyes flick over to mine. For a second, we stare at each other. My heart beats a little too quickly in my chest and I quickly look away. Does he recognise me? Does he realise who I am? That girl in the rain, all those years ago? "What brings you here today, Primrose?" Peeta asks, his eyes back to Prim's smiling face. "I thought it would be a nice treat to get one of those iced cookies I am always dreaming about," Prim says, grinning. Peeta and Prim take a few minutes to decide on a fair trade. Peeta wants to give her the cookie but Prim refuses, and they finally settle on a small lump of cheese in exchange for a bag of three cookies. I know Prim's goat cheese is delicious, but I feel like she still must have gotten the better end of the deal. We turn to leave and I can't help but sneak one last glance at the boy with the bread. It's been awhile since I've seen him at school, and with me working in the mines, it's not like I have time to visit the bakery. I let my eyes pass over him, drinking up his tall form - when did he grow that extra few inches? I pass over his broad chest and his powerful, muscular arms. I realise I must be blushing as our eyes meet again. He smiles at me, a little hesitantly, but a genuine smile. And I almost find myself wanting to smile back. But instead I turn away, bustling out of the bakery and towards the town square. Prim and my mother are a few paces ahead of me. Prim notices my blush and smiles mischievously at me, but says nothing. We move through the crowd in the square. Prim breaks off from us to check in at the registration tables. I remember 3 years ago, in her first reaping, how scared Prim was. Now she is a confident young woman, finding her place in line, and not even flinching when the Capitol attendants take a drop of her blood. I watch her, wondering when it was that she grew up. She turns back to us after checking in and waves, confidently making her way over to stand with the other 15 year olds. I stand with my mother in the sea of adults around the square. It feels odd to be here and not with the rest of the children. I realise that at 19, I am no longer really a child, but I don't really feel like an adult. My eyes drift over the crowd, returning to check on Prim every once in awhile. After a few minutes I notice Peeta Mellark has left his post at the bakery and is standing in the crowd to my left. I don't let my eyes linger on him, though, because I notice motion on stage as Effie Trinket and the other Capitol officials take their places on the stage. Effie Trinket stands in the centre, near the large podium and the glass balls filled with slips of paper. The mayor of District 12 sits behind her, a little to the right, along with a couple of men I don't know. On the other side of the mayor are two empty chairs, reserved for District Twelve's victors. I am surprised to see the chairs are still empty since it is nearly two, and the reaping is scheduled to begin in a few minutes. I return my gaze to Prim, her hands tightly grasping her bag of hard-won cookies as she stands with her peers. I wonder how she is feeling and if she is as worried as I am. Every other year since Prim has been in the reaping I have consoled myself with the fact that if her name was somehow called, I could always step forward as a volunteer and take her place. But now that I am 19, and I am standing with the adults, I won't have that opportunity. I shudder and quickly push the thought from my mind. She only has four slips. Four slips in thousands. The people of my distract all stand quietly as the mayor rises to join Effie Trinket at the podium. As he does every year, he talks about the history of the Hunger Games - a punishment from the Capitol for the war the districts lost. Before returning to his seat he also introduces the victors from our district - or at least tries to, since the seats on the stage are still empty. Not knowing quite what to do about the absence of victors, the mayor backs away from the podium and finds his seat again. Bubbling, bright Effie Trinket takes over, her gold wig with its tightly wound curls bouncing on top of her painted face. I will never understand Capitol fashion. Effie smiles at the people of District 12, apparently not noticing the stares of hate and contempt she gets in return. I wonder if there are brains underneath that shiny wig of hers. But I squash the thought as she clears her throat and says, as she does every year, "Ladies first!". Now my heart really is pounding, and the seconds she takes to fish her hand around in the giant glass ball seem like an eternity to me. I hold my breath and wait. Not Prim, not Prim, I think. But it's too late. Effie has pulled out the slip of paper, and she clearly reads, in her weird Capitol accent, the name that I most feared would fall from her lips, "Primrose Everdeen".