day, something that I had always admired in her. "Does that bother you?" She asked, locking eyes with me. "No." My simple answer seemed to be all that she needed to hear as her eyes lit up and she planted a quick kiss on my forehead. "That's mommy's little girl." She murmured. I looked up to find myself in the lobby, a couple staring at me as I stood frozen by the memory of my mother fresh in my mind. I spotted a flash of blonde hair walk past the fountain across the lobby and I struggled to calm my heart rate. The combination of imagining my mother's face and seeing this woman with the same color blonde hair pushed me overboard. I was tempted to run after her, just to reassure myself that it wasn't, couldn't, be her but before I could think about it too much, I dashed back into the elevator. The walk down the hallway to the hotel room I was sharing with Finnick was torturous as the numbers on the door swirled past me and I struggled to not get sucked back into memories of my mother. My hand shook as I scanned the key and I faltered as I entered into the hotel room, unable to focus on anything besides that tiny glimpse of blonde hair. The room was pitch black and I stumbled as if I was in a black hole with no real up or down, just a spinning mass around my body as I stood in the middle struggling to gain control of my head. Before I could run in the direction that I assumed the bathroom to be, I felt strong arms envelope me and my knees buckled out beneath me. "Hey, hey shhh." Finnick's lips moved against my hair as he supported my weight. "Calm down. Relax." He quickly swung me into his arms to move me gently to the bed, positioning me so that I was laying down. I closed my eyes, silently begging the room to stop spinning. The only thing holding me to my sanity was the boy clutching me to his chest. Tears slowly slipped out of my eyes and onto his chest but he didn't say anything about them just continuing to hold and shush me. After what felt like hours, waves of sleep slowly overtook me and I fell into a fixed oblivion a million times calmer than my reality right now. I woke up to green eyes staring down at me. "Hi?" I questioned, stretching my arms over my head. "Are you alright now?" He asked, concern clouding his eyes. "I'm fine." I pushed to sit up, noting how he scooted away from me on the bed. I didn't want to talk about my mother with Finnick. He didn't need to know that every time I saw a flash of blonde hair without any of the Capitol's fashion smeared into it that my heart sped up hopefully. As if I hadn't seen her body swinging in the air. "Alright." He said with a shrug, looking disinterested. "Listen, it's not that I don't trust you or whatever…" I trailed off trying to remedy the situation. "You just don't trust me." Finnick finished for me. "I get that. I have my fair share of trust issues, believe me." I did believe him. I often forgot that he was actually in that arena and had to kill kids or be killed himself. He turned away from me then, pushing up off of the bed and going into the bathroom. "Finnick!" I called after him. He reluctantly appeared in the doorway, leaning his body against the frame. I sat up on the bed, still curled under the warm covers of the bed. I fidgeted with the comforter, not making eye contact. I didn't say anything for a moment, before letting out a huge sigh and throwing the blanket back into my lap. "Do you remember Aluma Higgins?" Finnick stared at me a moment, his eyes narrowing. "District 9 tribute and victor, won at sixteen years old but barely spoken about due to the involvement by Arys Cresta. He was rich, pretty much bought her out of the Games." He recited off quickly from memory. I nodded slowly. "She was my mother." I mumbled, looking down at the comforter. The room was silent for a moment. "She died didn't she? A few years ago?" I looked up, tears filling my eyes. "Three years." His stone face wavered as he looked at me. "So that makes you-" "Super rich, yes." I said cutting him off quickly. "I was going to say Annie Cresta, the Capitol mutt." I glared at him. "Wow, that's so much better." He shrugged, looking around the room at anywhere but me. "It's the truth." "I'd rather be a mutt than nothing at all." I said sharply, not thinking my words through. His head snapped to look at me. "Nothing at all?" He said with a half crazed laugh. "I'm Finnick Odair, winner of the 65th Hunger Games. Who are you? A spoiled princess that sits on her ass all day while her daddy collects money on children's death." Tears filled my eyes again and I blinked furiously to try to rid my eyes of them. "I never asked for this life, Finnick. I never asked for a mother that had to hide in her room whenever I had a friend over so that she wouldn't snap around new people. I didn't ask for a father that supposedly cared so much for my mother and yet so little for the children stuck in the Arena. I didn't ask to be surrounded by people that didn't understand why I cried at each child's death or why I cringed when they were discussing who would be the next to die. I didn't ask for my life and you didn't ask for yours." He stared at me incredulously. "Boo-hoo." He deadpanned, slamming the door to the bathroom shut.