took her glass and drank from it slowly. She wondered briefly what they looked like from the outside, lovers, friends, colleagues. She wished someone could tell her. Haymitch looked at her. He still didn't know why was she here? She looked forlorn which was crazy. What did she have to be sad about? She'd finally got out of District 12. It was what she always wanted. Wasn't it? She'd always been frustrating but now here she was talking to him like they were old friends. This was stupid, she didn't owe him anything. He was happy for her, wasn't he? "Well it's getting late and the victor's tour starts bright and early." He stood up and held out his hand, "I'll walk you back." "Thank you." She replied standing up and feeling a slight tingle as he took her hand. As they walked back, she felt almost bashful. The wine had gone to her head walking was hard enough in her heels before but now her legs might as well have been rubber. Haymitch practically carried her to the train. This was silly; she still didn't know what had possessed her to walk around the Victor's village in the depths of winter. She couldn't help but remember their first kiss. She hadn't known what she wanted then. You would have thought 9 years would have been enough time but apparently not. He put her down in the room; the floor seemed to be a mistake though since it seemed to tip, the moment she stepped on it. She tumbled on to her bed. Haymitch who had been holding onto her, tumbled on top of her. Of course it wasn't an entirely alien situation and her mind flooded with all the times it had happened before. She managed to bring her hands up and started running her fingers through his hair. She felt his breath on her face and her insides quivered. Why did she feel this way? She kissed him greedily, her tongue beckoning his. What did it matter, this was going to be the last time. If Haymitch was honest this development was hardly shocking. It was so easy compared to everything, two guilty people taking solace. It seemed natural almost. He quickly threw her wig of, letting her natural hair run free. He kissed it, like a man in an oasis. If this was it, he was sure as hell going to savour it. His lips trailed down her neck, he knew exactly where to go now. The exact places to apply pressure to get the best results. One thing was for sure he was going to enjoy this. Effie smiled blissfully, not really caring that she was sweaty or that her hair was a mess. Her clothes were also rather messily thrown around the floor. It was quite unseemly. Why did she let him get her into this state? It had become more and more of a problem over the years. She found that the men of the capital didn't satisfy her anymore. How could they? They were more concerned with their own egos than satisfying her and it was always consequently quite short. Haymitch for all his many faults, he had shown considerable talent in terms of length and technique. It was all superficial of course and she knew that she should have been married years ago and she should have had a child by now. But she didn't. She was in District 12 sleeping with a drunk. Haymitch was sitting up on the side of the bed; he seemed to be grabbing his clothes. Effie couldn't help but be disappointed but hardly surprised. He always left, never really said goodbye. Maybe this was as close as they could get to actually saying it. She wanted to stop him but she didn't. It was of course far better for him to leave. They couldn't have their liaison being made public and well with District 12's new found status, she supposed that it would be harder than ever to be so discrete. It didn't really matter either way. It was all over. She let her mind take her to sleep and like always she'd pretend this had never happened. Haymitch was muttering to himself under his breath. Why did he always do this? Especially now, with the Capitol actually watching. This was dangerous. He knew it was dangerous but he did it anyway. He could have slept with anyone. It wouldn't have mattered. He found himself getting angry. How dare she endanger them all? For what sex. That was moronic. Why did she do this? Why did she come to him? Why did she tell him that she was leaving? Why in the bloody hell did he care? He turned around to face her. He wanted to make her talk but the moment he saw her, his anger died. She was so beautiful, her makeup had smudged, and her hair was a mess, matted with sweat. She'd be annoyed at herself in the morning. He could almost picture it, desperately getting ready, probably cursing his name. It bought a smile to his face. Very few things bought a smile to his face. She was one of them. The world was going to change soon, Plutarch was going to make his move soon and with the help of District 13 and a symbol like Katniss they might actually do it. He'd miss this though. No he'd miss her. A/N Ah these two, they're just so delicious. Please leave a review and thanks for reading. Also small bit of fanon that I couldn't think of a way to put naturally into the fic so for those of you who care. The bottle of wine Haymitch found was I like to think the first thing he bought with his winnings to celebrate with his family. He never got to use it because his family and girlfriend was killed. I don't know it's just a silly thing I thought of. .