Made him feel like staying around. Made him feel like fiercely protecting the thing that made him feel like this. And then she was naked, completely naked on top of him. Haymitch didn't take time to look because he'd seen it all before, but this time he didn't have to hide the tent in his pants during the viewing. And this wasn't so much a viewing as a full, hands-on experience. She'd slid farther back on his legs now, so his cock was in front of her instead of behind. He moved his hands to her bottom, glorifying the moment with feeling and touching before moving her up to him, inwardly cheering when her hands moved to his belt. His black trousers were off in a flash and… there they were. His hands on her hips, hers on his shoulders in preparation. "You okay with this?" he muttered. He wasn't the kind to go ahead without permission, even if he wanted to. He still had some semblance of respectability beneath his reputation. "Obviously," she sounded annoyed as she raised herself up from her knees. Such was their relationship, Haymitch thought to himself as she lowered onto his cock. He tried to gauge whether this was her first time, but she was making it hard for him to concentrate on anything other than her movement, her braid bouncing off her shoulder, her hands pulling at his neck as they crashed into each other, finding a rhythm, her pace - their pace - grew faster, steadier. He let his hands find her nub, teasing her some more, so she could have at least a chance of coming as soon as he was going to. She was breathing heavily, he could tell she was getting close as her walls began to tighten, and then… Then she did it. He couldn't fathom it, didn't want to believe it, but she was doing it, she did it - she breathed out his name. And he knew she wasn't there yet but he exploded, he had to, there was no way he could not . Not with her saying - no, breathing - his name like that. Haymitch ... He collapsed back onto the chair, but she was still thumping away at him, trying to get her orgasm, so he lifted a hand to her nub again, swirling it between his fingers and hoping desperately that she'd finish before he got another hard-on. He tried not to look at her, he really did, but one glance up at her and he could feel his hardness growing inside of her. What was wrong with him? "Really?" she glanced down at him. She tried to glare, he just knew it, but with her flushed cheeks and chest, her hands braced on his pudgy abdomen, Haymitch couldn't help but get a hard-on again. "Anything for you, sweetheart," he gritted out between breaths. She continued to try it her way, but nothing was seemingly coming of it. Haymitch growled, deciding to take matters into his own hands. He pulled her head down to him, fiercely going at her lips while he gripped an arm of the chair with the other hand and lifted himself off the seat, taking her with him. His eyes were open so he could watch when hers did the same, flew open, clearly stating the "what the hell" she would've had her mouth not been otherwise preoccupied. Haymitch took this moment to wrap his arms around her and flip her into the seat he was just sitting in, her position more mirroring lounging, before he pulled one of her ankles over his shoulder as he stood, creating a better angle, flipping the bar of the chair that made it raise as he did so. It was his turn to do the dirty work now, and he was determined not to come before her... again. He briefly wondered if dirty talk was something she was into, but decided he'd rather not talk right now. His feet flat on the floor and his jackets flopping around him still, Haymitch took hold of Katniss gave her a series of thrusts, meaningful ones, feeling himself about to come undone he looked down at her. Her head was kicked back, exposing the entire length of her neck, all the way down to her exposed breasts, and suddenly Haymitch forgot entirely about self-control. He tightened his grip, forcing himself deeper for his final thrust, before coming deep within her. This time he could feel Katniss's walls shaking, about to bust out, and he rubbed her immediately, desperately, "c'mon, come for me, c'mon Katniss..." Thank goodness she did, or he would've been really embarrassed. Katniss was left panting on the oversized chair, de-clothed and tired out. Haymitch couldn't help but stare, transfixed, before he leaned over her and whispered into her ear, "It means trouble." She didn't even look up at him. "What does?" Her voice sounds almost dead, and it makes something in Haymitch curl up in hurt, but he answers her. "Your spark." He pulls away from her then, standing up and snatching his pants up with him, quietly redressing as she remains on the chair. Eventually he turns away and begins to button his shirt, finds his shoes to slip on, and that's when he hears her rustle with movement. He looks over and sees her peering over the arm of the raised chair. "Call me sweetheart one more time?" she asks, voice almost breaking. He stops his buttoning and his shuffling, and hell, maybe even his breathing before he turns and makes the few step over to the chair. He looks down into her face, and reaches out a hand to smooth the stray hairs back out of her face. "Always, sweetheart," he says, before turning to leave. Just as he makes it to the door, he pauses. "Honest," he says. "What?" Her voice cracks. "It's how you'll get people to like you." He closes the door behind him.