his head, though the most prominent urge was to get Katniss away from Peeta. ~"She shouldn't," Peeta defended, answering for his-at the moment-compliant charge. He returned the hostile look the darker headed boy shot him. ~Through gritted teeth, "she should get out of bed. Hunting will make her feel better." ~"She's took weak. Do you want her to get hurt?" ~The boys quarreled back and fourth for a few long, tedious moments, the noise digging annoyingly into Katniss' brain with all the force of a giant trackjacker buzzing around in her skull. Neither of the two masculine forces that currently occupied space in her room had the right to dictate what she should or shouldn't do. If she wanted to go hunting, she was damn well going t go hunting. If she chose to laze around in bed until she withered and died, she would do that too. Neither of these two were going to tell her otherwise. ~Katniss shoved her platter away and wobbled to her feet. She felt Peeta's strong hands attempt to stabilize her as if she were a child, but when she jerked away and went stomping off into the bathroom, she was grateful to realize that the outburst had shut both of them up. ~Her shaky hands manipulated the bathtub's handles, and to her severe irritation, she could hear Peeta and Gale begin arguing again, this time louder and with more biting words directed at each other. In an effort to drown out their noise, Katniss reached up to the small tube radio she had gotten from the Hob a year before in exchange for a deer pelt. There was static on most of the channels, but Katniss had learned just the right place to turn the knob to get the only working channel on the radio to work, and not a second later a crackly song sung by a velvet voice man came on as he sung about a pretty woman and being flown to the moon. Should couldn't remember the rest as she undressed and dove head first into her bathtub. ~The water was roasting hot, not normally the young woman's preferred temperature, but there was a few weeks of grime, sweat, tears, and hallowness she needed to scrub away and burning it off seemed like the best choice. She slunk beneath the shimmering surface and suddenly all sound to the outside world beyond the bathroom doors was instantly cut off. ~Above her, the shower curtain and ceiling warbled all around as the water rippled. Bubbles tickled her nose and floated to the surface, popping with a dull snap that echoed throughout the porcelain tub. ~The moments ticked by and the infinite silence enveloped her like a thick, comforting blanket. Her eyes slipped closed and she relished in the mind-numbing feeling of overwhelming nothingness, where she didn't have to care about anything and where the games of the Capitol held no meaning. ~Her lung were quickly beginning to ache and she knew soon she would need a breath, but the quiet felt too good to interrupt. Her eyelids lazily lifted open and all she could see was a murky veil of red. A watery shriek escaped from her thin lips and chaos ensued. ~"Katniss! Kat!" Peeta was yelling from behind the locked bathroom door, banging loud as he listened to his love scream bloody murder. ~Primrose, followed by her mother and Gale came racing into the bedroom, their eyes filled with confusion and fear. ~"What's going on!?" Prim squeaked, watching as Peeta readied his shoulder to body slam the door. ~It took three good hits before the solid Mellark boy finally came crashing through. He slid over the water drenched floor, catching himself miraculously before he rolled over a motionless Katniss Everdeen. ~She was bawling, naked as a jaybird, but all impropriety was forgotten as Peeta reached for the soaked brunette and brought her to his chest. He hushed her tears, holding her tight while she gripped to him like he was the last remaining lifeline she had in this world. And as time slipped precariously by, her sobbing quelled and her mind grew dim. ~Peeta lifted the young girl into his arms, taking a towel with him and brought her towards the bed. In a moment, both Gale an Peeta were ushered out of the room to allow Prim and Lilly to dress their conscious, yet catatonic loved one and at the closed threshold both men stared hard at the opposite wall. ~"She's choosing you," Gale muttered angrily, unsure how to handle the newness of Katniss' turned personality. ~"She hasn't chosen anyone." ~"She'll choose who she knows she can't live without." It was a hard truth, something the two of them knew would come to pass sooner or later, but it was obvious that one of them was giving up the fight right at the beginning. ~Gale cleared his throat and leaned against the wall, crossing his arms over his chest. They were waiting. ~Lilly and Prim came filing out several agonizing minutes later, their faces dressed in worry and exhaustion. Katniss' depression had taken its toll on both of them. ~"She's asking for you, Peeta," Lilly said, apologetically glancing in Gale's direction and before anyone could say a word, Gale Hawthorn stormed down the stairs and out of the house, slamming the door behind him. Things had taken turn in a direction no one could've seen coming. ~ Peeta tiptoed back into the room as quietly as his prosthetic leg would allow. She was nestled deep under the covers, eyes open and waiting for the only person she knew would keep the waking terrors at bay. None of them, not Prim, her mother, or Peeta knew what to do. Katniss Everdeen's mind was slowly slipping through their grasp and they all feared that one day… it might not come back. -A/N - Yes, I've jumped on the bandwagon of Hunger Games. Sue me. -.-;; Anyhow tell me what you think. R&R