is your last chance to purchase you own very piece of the 74 th annual Hunger Games. I guarantee, this item will go today, so remember to place your bid. I roll my eyes and sink back into the couch with every intention of falling into a coma. Outside the wind swirls, making the trees shake and if I squint hard enough I can just make out the first sprinklings of snow. I've never seen snow before but it's safe to say it has lost its appeal. My eyes flick back to Petunia whose now holding up a half broken spear. "You shouldn't be watching that" I hear a shuffle of footsteps nearest the front door but it's all the warning I get. Before I can wonder how the hell he got in here unnoticed, a pair of warm arms surround me. Better than any blanket. "I can't believe they're selling this stuff. It's ridiculous. Absolutely…" I stop mid-sentence and tilt my head back to see Cato's grinning face. His hair is wet and spiked up at odd angles, making him seem normal like we haven't been though the last few months. His hand sneaks under my chin and I lean back to briefly kiss him, forgetting my point. He seems very pleased with his newest way of preventing my meltdowns. "Besides, I quite fancied buying your eeky bandages" I whisper against his lips, causing him to laugh. "Worth every penny" I make room for him and with an effortless movement, Cato jumps over the couch to land next to me. I notice he's changed into his training clothes since I last saw him at breakfast. It means he'll be going into town shortly. I don't even consider joining him. Even if I'm developing claustrophobia in this house it beats running into Brutus. He's due back from one of his capitol trips any day now. He left soon after we had moved in here. "I could sneak you in" Cato grins. "Yes, that's a great idea. Smuggle me towards the psychopathic killer" I reply sarcastically. "I could to do it, right under his nose" He replies with a shrug. Despite changing so much, he's still as cocky as ever. "Uh-huh. And how does the glorious Cato plan to do this?" I realise my mistake. As if he was waiting for the reply all along, Cato suddenly springs forward. I scream out as his hands find my waist and begin pulling me towards him. I try hopelessly to struggle against his grip but my hand to hand combat is somewhat lacking compared to his. Stupid training. Cato's arms wrap around my body and as if I weigh nothing lifts me into the air. "Put me down! Cato!" I end up swinging precariously from his shoulders as he walks us towards the front of the house, laughing. "When I get down I will…" My words fall short as I'm suddenly thrown off his shoulder. My feet drop to the floor with a plonk. Off balance, I grab onto the front of his t-shirt and attempt to stop my inevitable fall. However, instead of falling, my back connects with the front door. I stop and huff. I'm now trapped between Cato and the door. "Do what?" He asks in a low voice. I cross my arms over my chest as he steps closer, "Ira, what will you do?" God damn him, I think. I feel like yelling at him. How am I supposed to come up with a reasonable answer with standing so close to me? With him smiling in that self-assured way that makes me and no doubt every woman in Panem go weak at the knees? My mind at this point has decided to go on an unannounced holiday. "Hmm?" He pushes me further into the door until I can feel his breath on my neck. "I…uh…" "Love birds!" A loud screech, reminiscent of parrot, comes from behind the door. I try to contain it but it's really too much. I can't help it. Within seconds, I burst out in laughter at the woman's impeccable timing. There's a shuffle of boots on the front porch and another loud call. Cato's face drops at the realisation of who it is. "Please do not make me come in there" Enobaria calls out again. Cato groans. I slip out from under his arm and open the door. The mentor stands on the other side with her usual look of annoyance. "You're late" She says unamused, looking from Cato to me. "And I'm sure I know why" "Nice to see you again Enobaria" I say with my biggest fake smile. "Ira dear. You should join us. I'm sure they have some of the old practice swords lying around" I stare at her and keep my expression blank. It's become Enobaria's favourite game, inciting reactions out of me. She wins most days. "No. Shame. Cato… now!" And she's gone almost as soon as she arrived. A trail of long black hair floating away. There's another groan from beside me as Cato jogs out to follow her. A give him a quick wave goodbye before seeking the warmth of my house again. I step over to one of the kitchen windows as the pair take off down the long stretch of gravel. It's strange how accustomed I've become to living in District Two. Most days I could be back in Six. I relax, fall into routine. It helps me forget. But every once in a while, something pops up to trigger it all. My eyes drift up to the sky. In particular, a large bank of darkening clouds moving in from the capitol. Directly below it, a simple two storey timber house with nothing unique about it. The shutters remain closed as always, the door bolted; even the garden has since died away in the frost. It's empty now but it won't stay that way forever. And I'm not looking forward to the day my neighbour returns.