practically identical, Peeta's just backwards from mine, being on the opposite side of the street. The only difference between the houses was the decor. The living room was sunny compared to my dark one. Sheer white curtains hang over the windows letting light fill the room, plush cream carpet only stopping at the doorway to the kitchen, letting a faded old wood flooring take the lead. "Here," Peeta took my bag from Haymitch, who headed straight for the small liquor cabinet in the kitchen, "I'll show you which one will be your room." I followed Peeta up the stairs silently. He pointed left to Haymitch's room that was at the beginning of the hall, down a few feet was a door on the right, that was his room, the next room on the left would be mine. The door that would have belonged to Prim in my house, was closed tight in Peeta's as well. I step into the starch guest room, a bed, a chest of draws, and a small table and chair to be used as a desk under the window. Peeta sets the bag down by the wall just inside the room. "There's a guest bath through that door," He points to a door in the corner next to the closet, "You should take a shower, you might feel better." I doubted it, but I opened the door and headed for the shower. I heard the door to the room close before I turned on the water, filling the tub. I unwrap the bandage around my forearm and inspect the rough stitches there, no doubt Haymitch's handiwork. I open one of the cabinets and find a first aid kit. I pull a sheet of pliable clear plastic and wrap it over my injury, taping the ends to my skin. Effectively making it water proof. I take my dingy cloths off slowly, sinking my aching body into the steaming water even more so. I soap up my arms, careful of the plastic, then my legs, and the rest of my body, scrubbing away dried blood. Finally all evidence of my suicide attempt are gone, except for the stitches, I lean back against the white cool stone and close my eyes, letting the steam pull the sadness from my body. I sink into the water letting it cover my face, wishing I could swim in this tub. When I finally get out and wrap a towel around myself I'm more exhausted then when I went in. There is a tray of bread and jam, and cup of tea still letting wisps of hot air out. I sip on the tea slowly letting it hit my empty stomach. Taking a ginger bite of the bread as if testing it, then not realizing how hungry I actually was, practically inhale both slices of bread. I glance out the window and see my front door, the three small primrose bushes illuminated in the light of early dusk. I close the blinds, grabbing the game bag and emptying it on my bed. I pull my cloths on and twist my hair into a braid down my back. I chance a look in the mirror by the door, the dark circles under my eyes are practically gone, the grafts on my neck almost healed, leaving soft pink lines where they met with my unburned skin. There was color to my cheeks, most likely due to the full night sleep and the small meal I had just consumed. My hair still stuck out from the braid, too short to reach the end, but it was growing. I go to the bathroom and re-bandage my arm and finally wonder downstairs. Haymitch is nowhere to be found, probably drinking himself to sleep in his room. Peeta sat with sketch book in front of him at the kitchen table. I padded to the doorway, the carpet concealing my approach. "Hey." I said, he jumped startled. I should have made some noise. "Sorry," I look down to the floor. "It's okay," He says, a ghost of a smile barely reaches his lips. "I was just thinking." I nod and move to sit in the chair across from him. "What were you thinking about?" He gestures to the pad in front of him, the page blank, pencil poised in his hand. "I want to draw, but I just can't get my hands to move." My brows knit together, not quite understanding. He continues, "I want to put something down on paper, something to keep my hands busy, but I can't get them to move." I can see by his face that memories are flashing behind those blue eyes. I look around the kitchen and pull a fruit bowl filled with bananas and apples, peaches, pears and place it in the center of the table. "Why don't you draw these?" He looks at me, the fruit bowl and back to me, his pencil tapping on the surface of the table. He nods and starts the beginning of the bowl. I cross my arms and watch the fruit, my eyes unfocused to the rest of my surroundings, content to listen to the gentle scratching of Peeta's pencil on the rough paper. When the scratching stops I look up to see Peeta studying me, I glance at the paper and see he had started to draw me behind the fruit bowl, eyes unwavering, a blank expression on my face, arms crossed. "Don't move." He says quietly, and he goes back to his sketch, detailing my hair, the scars on my neck, shadowing and erasing. When he was done he lifted it up so I could see. He was remarkable. There I was sitting across the table from him with the fruit bowl in front of me. Perfect. So real you could almost grab the graphite version of the apple. I nod my approval, trying my hardest to bring the corners of my mouth up. I must have done well, because Peeta smiles back.