I brought back from the woods to send with Prim to take to the Hawthornes, but I never went myself. It was Prim who told me that our neighbor Leevy was spending a lot of time there. Leevy went over every evening, cooking their dinner and tending to the laundry that Hazelle was too weak to do herself. She'd brush Posy's hair and tell her stories before bed. And every night, Gale would walk her home, right up to the door. It wasn't hard to miss; she only lives two houses away. Then, though no one had expected her to, Hazelle recovered. That only made facing Gale more difficult, having not been there for him in his time of need. So I continued to stay away. I remember how relieved I was to see him show up at my door one Sunday months later. I thought it meant that he wasn't angry anymore, that we could get back what we'd had. But that wasn't why he had come over. It was to tell me that he was getting married, before I heard it from someone else. I numbly congratulated him before he made a hasty exit. Everyone assumes that I wish I were in Leevy's place, but that isn't it. The truth is, I have no interest in marrying Gale. I just wish everything could go back to the way it used to be, when we were hunting partners and best friends before all the pressures of marriage and babies ruined us. I feel a pair of warm hands stilling mine. "I think that's good for now," Peeta says. I look down at what I've done and see that I've gotten carried away. Bits of dough cling all the way from my fingers to my forearms. "Did I ruin it?" I ask, humiliated to have failed at the one task he gave me. Peeta looks down at it thoughtfully. "Not ruined, exactly. It's just that the rougher you handle it the more difficult it is to shape afterward." Great. I'm supposed to be helping him, and all I'm doing is making his job tougher for him. I'm about to suggest that he give me something else to do. Sweep the floors. Wash dishes. Anything that doesn't involve what will go directly into the hands of actual paying customers. I don't even notice right away that Peeta has moved away from me and to the storage closet. "C'mere," he says. "Let me show you something." He's retrieved a big burlap sack that must be half his height and filled with something I can't identify. A length of rope ties it closed. I watch him as he effortlessly hefts the bag over his shoulder and heads toward the back door leading outside. He looks to me and smiles reassuringly. "Come on." I follow Peeta past the pig pen to the apple tree where he ties the bag to a sturdy, low-hanging branch. "What is this?" I ask. He knocks at the bag with his fist so it sways gently in the crisp autumn air. " This ," he says, "is what my brothers and I used to keep from taking out our aggression on the product. Or each other. Go ahead." What does he want me to do – hit it? Out here? Where people could see me? I may be angry, but not enough to publicly humiliate myself. "Peeta, this is stupid ." He flinches, just a little, at the word. It happens so briefly that had I been mid-blink I may not have caught it at all. And then his face instantly reverts back to its normal easy expression. "Come on," he says. "I'll show you." He takes a step closer. "You see, you want to be an arm's length away from it." He stands just close enough so that he can reach out and touch the bag. He curls his right hand into a fist and strikes with enough power to create a loud thwack . "See?" he says. "Nothing to it. Now you try." I move forward, just past Peeta, and imitate his stance. I let my fingers compact into a tight little ball and tentatively hit. Kind of pathetic, but when I look back at Peeta, he's positively beaming at me. "So?" he asks me. "How was that?" Good, if I'm being honest. Better than I expected. I tell him so just before I hit it again. And again. I keep going, feeling the anger I'd been carrying with me today rise like steam. It dislodges itself from the pit of my stomach, past my heart, up my throat, and escaping out of the top of my head, dissipating into the air. When we head back inside, Peeta and I knead and shape bread dough in companionable silence. With rapt attention, I watch him skillfully shape one loaf to resemble a bundle of wheat tied with a braided rope. It's very popular during harvest time, he tells me. He lets me brush the surface with egg whites and milk before it goes into the oven. As time passes, Peeta gets more chatty. He tells me a story about the time he kicked a soccer ball onto the grocer's roof and got stuck up there trying to get it down that has me laughing until my sides ache. He listens with hushed awe as I recount the tale of getting treed by a brown bear last year. It's late afternoon when Peeta closes the bakery. Neither his brother nor his mother have come home yet. "I'm really glad you came by today," he says with a shy smile. Above us, some of the clouds have parted and for the first time all day I can see buttery rays of sunlight. I don't know why, but I feel lighter than I have in months. Like I could float all the way home, my feet hovering an inch above the cobblestone roads that lead back to the Seam. "Me too."