waiting for you!" Peeta squeezes my hand and I can't help but think of the irony of this entire situation. We're the rude ones? We're the ones inconveniencing everyone else? I squeeze Peeta's hand in return to his reassurance as Effie leads us through the double doors. Just as we reach the doors, she stops and turns. "Well," she begins, "the last time I led you through these doors you were tributes. Now you're both my victors. Isn't it funny how things work? The Games have given you both so much…" she continues to ramble on but I stop listening. Instead, I make a mental list of all the things the games have taken from Peeta and I. She opens the door and we can hear the rumbling of the crowds. Peeta's hands are sweaty and my heart is in my throat. It's surreal being back on the podium. I look out at the crowd, searching for Prim's face, knowing she's there somewhere. My eyes scan the crowd for familiar faces and as my eyes settle on one, my heart stops dead in my chest. I blink and the face I could see has gone. Clove's glassy, lifeless eyes are no longer staring at me but they are still torturing me. I know the girl who has dark hair, like me, from the seam. I actually know her from both the seam and school. She's smiling at me and I offer a mild smile back purely because I am outright staring at her as my brain adjusts to the notion that Clove isn't really here in the crowd. I realise that she is blushing at my smile. It nauseates me. I know this girl. I know her. I've scowled at her in the past as she takes the last spare gym skirt in P.E. I've borrowed pencil lead from her a thousand times – and now she's star struck. I look away from her and continue to look for Prim as Effie chatters on. I swallow heavily. Marvel, the boy I shot with my arrow is stood in the crowd. I blink, swallow and then realise he's gone – a young Merchant boy stands in his place, waving desperately at Peeta. I tighten my hold on Peeta's hand that is still holding mine. I just hope he knows I'm saying 'help me'. I decide enough is enough. No more of the fallen tributes I barely got the chance to know are going to haunt me. I search the crowd, now determined to find Prim – and that's when I see her. Her long eyelashes, the bunches in her hair. Her sweet, innocent smile. Her dark, flawless complexion. Rue is there staring up at me. I can't help the whimper that escapes my throat. My whimper even distracts Effie momentarily from her spiel about how lucky Peeta and I are and how generous the capitol is. She recovers well and Peeta traces his thumb over my hand in an attempt to soothe me. I search for Rue's face and I see her again – this time, she's somewhere else in the crowd. My heart is racing and I am panicking. I'm trapped. I can hear the screams from the Cornucopia ringing in my ears. I can hear Cato's painful sobs as the mutts tortured him. Right as I am about to lose my last ounce of composure in the front of Panem, Peeta turns and swipes a tendril of hair behind my ear. It looks like an affectionate act from a boy to his girl and even I'm confused what compelled him to do that until his mouth is pressed against my ear. "Stay with me," he whispers. "I'm trying," I reply breathlessly. "Don't let it take you from me. Stay , Katniss." "I can't Peeta," I whisper, my voice trembling. "Keep your eyes on me." He says as if he knows what's going on in my messed up head. "I… Peeta…" Instead of me finishing my plea, he closes the distance and this time it's him kissing me. I feel my cheeks blushing as I realise that Effie has stopped her speech. I know everyone is staring at us, witnessing something that should be private and personal. But the Capitol and the rest of Panem feel entitlement to every part of our life now. Peeta eventually pulls away and smirks in Effie's direction. "Sorry," he begins, "I just… I couldn't help it. I was just a little overwhelmed that Katniss and I made it back home. It is an honour for both Katniss and I to be here with you all today." I turn to look at him and I realise just how fantastic Peeta is. Panem now thinks that we are proud victors, not terrified, crazy sixteen year olds. I plaster a smile on my face and conclude that my eyes will not leave Peeta's face until we are off the podium. I know that my feelings are conflicted. I'm confused and scared – but one thing I do know is that Peeta will always be the one thing I am thankful to the Games for. He is my boy with the bread. He is my life line; my rock. Despite how unclear everything is for me right now and where we stand, I know that for the next few hours as we both meet and greet people, I will be wherever he is. Almost as if he can hear my thoughts, he turns and whispers to me as the crowds applaud the end of Effie's speech. "Remember, just keep your eyes on me; never lose sight of me." And I can honestly say that I will be no-where other than by his side. Thanks for reading - I do hope you enjoyed this. if you did, please feel free to leave a comment or send me a message. I'd love to know what you thought. If you're on tumblr, come find me and let's fangirl together... I'm laurzz6!