the two sit in silence Annie doesnt ask again, and her focus is on the contents of the bag. A silky, sea green dress tumbles out of the bag, rolled up. Johanna ignores the question, watching as Annie strokes the soft material, no doubt reminiscing her wedding day. Her ring glints in the light, and she unrolls the dress to reveal a collection of things. "Finnick kept these for me," she says, spreading them out for Johanna to see, biting her lip. Theres two photographs from their wedding day that Plutarch insisted on developing for them. One is in a frame, and its from when they were at the alter, touching each others lips with salt water. In District 4, people would use sea water but here, deep underground, salt stirred into plain water had to do. The other photograph is from when they were dancing. The refugees from District 12 had insisted on the couple getting their own dance, much to the chagrin of Coin and pure delight of Plutarch. And so they had danced, the way Mags had shown them what was called slow-dancing. A year ago, on a stormy night at Mags house, thered been a music show on TV and shes taught the couple how to dance to slow songs, making them promise to do so when they wed. And as they had slow-danced that day, both of them had tears in their eyes, because Mags wasnt there to see them. "Shed have told you how beautiful you look," Finnick had whispered to her, and she smiled. "And shed have told you how proud she was of you," Annie had said back to him. And then Beetee had taken a picture of them, smiling and slow-dancing with tears in their eyes. "You both had the best wedding any one in 13 had ever seen," Johanna comments. Its unlike her to be saying nice things like this, but after witnessing Annie and Peeta being tortured in the Capitol - and being tortured herself with electricity - shed developed a sort of soft spot for them. Well, that or she was going through morphling withdrawal. She preferred to think the latter. Annie smiled softly. "Thank you, Johanna." Theres more things on the bed, of course, and Johanna fingers the odd trinkets that obviously mean more to Annie than anything. Theres an old, worn bracelet too. The string is browned and on the verge of breaking, and shells are threaded through them. "Wasnt that Finnicks token from his games?" Johanna asks, and Annie nods. "And you wore the same one during yours, too." Seeing the bracelet on Annies wrist 5 years ago, and seeing Finnick and Mags literally loosing their minds getting Annie out of the Arena was how Johanna had realized the couples relationship. Annie just nods. "I used to make those a lot. When Finnick was reaped, I saw him at the Justice Building before he left. I gave it to him, I asked if he would wear it as his token. He agreed, though I didnt think hed actually keep it. I was just some little girl back then, the one he and his friendsalways saw on the beach with her shells. He gave it to me when I was reaped." Johanna is silent for a minute. "Were you reaped on purpose?" She finally asks. Annie looks up. "Finnick thinks so." They dont say anything else, just looks through Annies things. Theres a handful of pearls - she says that when Finnick went diving, hed find them for her. A pouch full of dried flower petals, from a bunch Finnick had once picked up for her. There are some old necklaces and rings, that Mags gave her the morning of the reaping. They were family heirlooms, and since Annie and Finnick were her only family now, they were hers. Though they have jewels embedded in them and are made of precious metals, theyre delicate, unlike the extravagant Capitol pieces. Theres also and old coin, that Mags had given her after her Games. She told Annie that whenever she was slipping, it would bring her back. Shed clutched onto it a lot after Finnick and Mags were reaped again. A bunch of cards is also there, tied with another shell bracelet. Theyre all home made - shop bought ones were only available in the Capitol, and anyway, people in the districts preferred making their own personal touches on things - but as Johanna rifles through them, she can see the sentimental value. There are birthday cards from Annies deceased parents, with flowers pressed into them and messy writing stating their love for her, cards from Finnick with poems, and papers from Mags with letters that feel too personal to read. And lastly, theres a gold bangle with flames on it that Johanna recognizes all too well. "He wanted me to keep it. In case he didnt- he didnt-" Annie starts to say, but her voice cracks. "He wanted me to remember why he had risked everything for the spark we all saw." They are silent again, and Johanna feels like she should say something, but she was never good with emotional support. Annie knows this of course, and clutches onto her hand. She smiles through her tears, and Johanna squeezes her hand back. "Hell be back, you know. You should have seen him during your Games. I swear, he looked like he was about to have a heart attack for the whole time, till the last cannon sounded and you were out of that place. Hed never leave you on your own," she assures Annie. After a minute, Annie speaks up. "Im glad youre here, Johanna." She doesnt know what to say, so she doesnt say anything. She lets her mind drift off, and she suddenly remembers Claras little visit. Could Annie be pregnant? And there you have it! Id really appreciate any feedback whatsoever, and an suggestions/constructive criticism are welcome : ) -Kisses, A ^.^ oopswrongfandomsorrylmao