now, with his hand between my legs. "What?" "I have nightmares, from the Games." "Nightmares? Why would you have nightmares?" A proud smile spreads across his face. "You won ." I don't know how to explain to someone from the Capitol how horrible the Games really are. So I don't. "It was lonely in there. I was so afraid I was going to die without..." I flick my tongue up, licking his lips once. "Knowing a man's touch." I'm lying through my teeth. That's the last thing I was thinking about in the arena. All I cared about was coming home to Prim. But maybe an innocent lie can speed things along. I wonder how long I've been here already. Ten minutes? Fifteen? How long is it going to take for Plutarch to come looking for me? "You're a virgin?" he asks in disbelief. I nod my head as I move my hips in small circles. "But you're 18." "Mmhmm." I could tell him how it is in 12, that some Seam girls go to the slag heap and that I just wasn't one of them, but it wouldn't help move things along. So instead I ask, in a voice that I hope is deep and seductive, "Have you ever fucked a virgin before?" Peeta shakes his head no, and his fingers begin to move again. "Don't you want to know what it feels like?" I ask. He's almost panting as he nods his head. "You can, you know." I kiss him again before I bring my lips to his ear and whisper. "Right now." "I've dreamed about this," he sighs as he slides a finger into me. I squeeze my eyes shut at the foreign intrusion. "Ohhh..." It feels strange, but not unpleasant. My body responds to his touch, and it's confusing me. "I've never been touched," I tell him. He clearly likes that it's my first time. I need to spur him on. His mouth is on mine again. I whimper when he adds a second finger as he deepens the kiss. He withdraws his hands and doesn't seem to need any more convincing. It's faster then, just like I need it to be. His jeans are collected around his ankles and he claws at my bodice. He kisses me again as he wraps his hand around his cock. "Damn, I need to get-" "I had a shot," I tell him and I tug on his hips, urging him inside. He understands right away that I mean birth control. It's common in the Capitol. He uses his fingers to find my entrance. But his movements are now nervous and clumsy. He mutters apologies twice before I reach down, grabbing his cock. It's big and I can feel my body tremble with anticipation. I guide him to my opening and he pushes into me, hissing with every inch. He doesn't go slow, but does pause to look into my eyes and take a deep breath as he reaches my natural barrier. I nod my head again and summon up as much confidence as possible. "Do it," I encourage. With a snap of his hips, he ruins me, shedding me of my innocence, cursing loudly in pleasure as I cry out in pain. He's moving then, all traces of tenderness gone. It's painful, but I start to move against him. My movements are inexperienced and erratic, but they seem to match his own. "Oh, right," he says, sounding as if he's just remembered something. His hands reach down, and then he's rubbing it, the bundle of nerves only I have touched before. I moan for him as I get wetter, and the slickness between us feels good. There's a twisting, a building of something in my belly, but before I can reach the peak, he's pulsing inside of me, filling me with his hot cum. He groans, finding my lips and pushing his tongue into my mouth as his body shakes in bliss. After, he pulls out of me immediately. He doesn't offer to finish me. There's blood and cum wet between my thighs. I feel terrible about it, but I retrieve Plutarch's handkerchief from where I dropped it and use it to wipe between my legs. I crumble the used cloth in my hand. I'll still need to find a bathroom, soon. Peeta seems embarrassed as he pulls his jeans up and buckets his belt, stepping backwards and leaning against the column when he does. I smooth down the skirt of my dress, but the slick and sore feeling between my legs can't be helped. When I look back up at him, Peeta looks into my eyes. I stare back, unable to put words to my thoughts. "That was-" "There you are!" A figure appears at the end of the archway corridor and I push myself off of the column, dropping the cloth and pushing it away with my foot. I tear my eyes off of Peeta just as Plutarch approaches. He stops beside me and once again offers me his elbow. "It's time I return you," he says. "Yes, of course." I accept his arm and turn back to Peeta. "It was nice to meet you," I tell him. "Yeah." He shakes his head, suddenly understanding the situation. Enough of it, anyway. "I mean, yes. I've enjoyed the pleasure of your company." "Another time then." I nod my head and allow Plutarch to lead me away. I'm escorted back to the training center, and when I reach my suite, I collapse onto the bed. Thoughts of Peeta swirl in my mind before I finally fall asleep. Are you into it? The second chapter is all Katnick. It's already beta'd & preread and will be uploaded next Wednesday. My betas have chapters 3 and 4 on their plate already too, so there's a good chunk of story coming at you :) Be sure to follow me on tumblr, bitcheslovesprinkles, for updates on this fic and all my other stories.