looking behind, as soon as my interview is over. I can tell they're not happy that I, the most hated tribute, was the one who got out alive. I could see it in the faces of the only remaining victors- Peeta, Enobaria, Johanna, Haymitch, Annie and Beetee (it seems Katniss is still in confinement). I may have survived the arena, but I will never be one of them. I find a dark corner, lean my back against the wall and close my eyes, glad that I finally have some moments alone. "Congratulations, Miss Snow." "I told you," I say with a smile, without opening my eyes. "It's Allie." I open my eyes, and find Gale Hawthorne staring at me, with his arms crossed over his chest. "Are you here for the shoes?" He shakes his head. "I'm here to take you home." "Because you can keep them," I continue, ignoring him. "I won't be needing them anymore." "I mean it, Miss S… Allie. Your mother is still very concerned, and she won't rest until she sees you." I sigh. "Very well, Mr. Hawthorne." "Oh, please," he mocks ironically, as he signals me to go with him. "You can call me Gale." I raise my eyebrows as he places his hand on my back, guiding me. "Are you sure? Don't you think I'm just an extremely annoying, heartless Capitol spoiled brat?" "I guess you've proved you're a little more than that. I admit I didn't see it coming when you won." He looks at me through the corner of his eye. "You're still annoying, though." "Excelent! I was starting to think I had lost my touch," I say, as we walk towards the exit. "Don't worry. You didn't." We both remain silent as we head outside, to the grey light of a rainy day; the streets are strangely quiet, except for one or two stray animals, and there are still signs of the bombings. When we reach my house, I notice that the soldiers who used to stand on both sides of the front door have disappeared- not that it makes any difference. Gale eyes the deserted garden for a moment, before turning to me. "What are you planning to do now?" "I don't know." I shrug. "I'll probably go somewhere far from this place. I'm a pariah here, anyway- the other victors will never accept me, and I'm hated wherever I go… either because I'm a Snow, or because I killed people from my own town. Everyone thinks I'm a traitor." "I heard they don't mind much about that in District 2," he says blankly. "Maybe you should give it a try." "Maybe I should." I smile, climbing the stairs on the front porch. "So… I guess this is farewell. Goodbye, Gale Hawthorne." But then it happened that one of them stumbled on some brush, and this dislodged from Snow White's throat the piece of poisoned apple that she had bitten off. Not long afterward she opened her eyes, lifted the lid from her coffin, sat up, and was alive again. I plunge the dish on the sink, and begin scrubbing what is left of our meal, as I whistle some tune I have stuck in my head- I found out it's really relaxing to whistle while I work. I admit it took me and my family a while to get used to moving into a small cottage, after living in the Capitol all our lives, but the relief Mom and I felt when Dad was released actually made us forget we used to live in luxury. Suddenly, I'm distracted from my task- through the kitchen window I can see a familiar figure on the front lawn, staring at the house. Not believing my eyes, I turn off the water, take off my rubber gloves and step to the door. I make sure my ponytail is still in its place before walking outside, not caring if I'm still wearing an apron. "Well, well," I say, surprised. "What brings you here?" Gale widens his eyes at me, and I place my hands on my hips. I'm aware that I've looked better before- I've lost a lot of weight, my skin isn't as white as before, from working on the garden outside, and don't even get me started on my nails. "This is your house?" "Yeah." I squint at him. "Why do you ask?" "I was wondering who it belonged to." Gale tilts his chin towards the place I now call a home. "I should have known better; who else would own a house with a green roof, blue walls and a pink door?" I shrug. "Old habits die hard. But really, why are you here? I thought you'd go back to District 12." "No, I… I was offered a job here." I can tell this is an unpleasant matter to him. "What about you? How are you doing?" "Well enough." I tuck a stray strand of hair behind my ear. "I've gotten used to people pointing their fingers at me and whispering. They call me 'poisonous snake'." I make a hissing sound with my tongue and let out a laugh that comes out bitter instead of carefree. Gale frowns. "How stupid. Don't listen to them." "I don't mind it," I say lightly, shrugging again. "It's not like they're wrong, is it? Besides, I've been trying to redeem myself, and I've even made some friends. And I actually like it here." As if it had heard me, a mockingjay starts singing the tune I had been whistling earlier, and I reply with the rest of the song; much to my surprise, Gale's mouth twists slightly, and he almost smiles (*gasp!*). "So you're happy." "Yeah." I beam, realizing he's right. "You could say that." "Well then." He changes his weight from one foot to another uncomfortably. "See you around?" I wave at him, before getting back in the house. "See you around." For some reason, I spend the rest of the day singing.