could possibly do was kiss a boy I've never seen in a romantic way. How incredibly daft! But, at the time – even though I wasn't one for romance – it was the first, and probably, last kiss I'd ever have with a boy. "Just remember, Katniss, I—" I'll never know what he was going to say, as at that moment, two peacekeepers had decided pluck him out of the room. Within a matter of seconds, I was left alone in the strange room, attempting helplessly to orient myself in this whirlwind of life. I've said it before, but it was the only thing running through my mind: I can't cry. I bit my lip and glared into the light fixtures to keep the brimming tears from leaking. It's never easy to be chosen, to be called. In the end, I had a very slight chance of survival. I then began to process Gale's words – before the semi-awkward kiss – and I realised that I shouldn't be counted out of the Games because I was from District 12! I was a surviver…a hunter. My instincts guided me and kept me safe…I was as a part of those Games as any other tribute. I was pulled out of the rich, peculiar room and taken to the platforms, where I was supposed to give my district a final goodbye. I sucked in a scream that was threatening to burst out. It was hard not to cry, but it had to be done, I couldn't be weak. Peeta, on the other hand, had a puffy, swollen face, a red nose and bloodshot eyes. At the time I had assumed that he was going for the 'weakling-tribute-who-turns-out-to-be-vicious-and- blood-thirsty' angle, but who would believe that? He was broad and had a stocky build. He could have cried out a river, yet he would still be a considerable threat. We boarded the high-end Capitol train and it took off at an alarmingly quick pace. Effie Trinket escorted me to a large bedroom and told me to change into anything I want. When she left the magnificent room, I allowed the tears to spill from my eyes. They came down in sheets, pouring down my cheeks and resting on the bodice of the worn dress. I sobbed until my eyes were dried and there weren't any tears left to shed. I then washed my face clean, ridding myself from the swollen eyes and blocked nose. I stripped out of the dress and into soft cotton underwear, a sea-green shirt, black pants and soft black shoes. Entering the main compartment, I held a foul stench in my nose caused by the sharp smell of beer in the air. It meant that Haymitch – our mentor – was intoxicated heavily. Effie was blathering on about manners to him in his oblivious form. It was rather humorous… even I had to admit. Her fixed glare turned into a warm smile as she saw me enter the compartment. "Oh, Katharine, darling—" I sneered. "My name's Katniss." She looked at me in surprise with a frown, before quickly grinning – her lips were twitching. " Katniss , darling, we were awfully worried about you. Take a seat next to Peeta and enjoy dinner." I was hurdled towards the table and practically fell into the soft, tan leather chair. The intricately carved wooden back was pressed forcefully to my back. Effie Trinket had an odd form of revenge. There were many delectable staples in front of me and it took a long time to choose. I decided to take two legs of white meat lathered in a spicy marinade, four spoonfuls of salty mashed potatoes and a beefy, savoury stew with rice. I scarfed down my food gratefully. If there was one good thing about the Capitol, it would definitely be the amazing sustenance. It was surprisingly comforting. Peeta was the first to utter out what we were both thinking. "Haymitch," He started with a slight smile. "What should our strategies for the Games be?" "Stay alive." He barked out with laughter. Peeta's eyebrows knitted together into a look of pure fury as we gazed in each other's eyes knowingly. Within a matter of seconds he reacted to Haymitch's words before hadtily punching him across the jaw. I couldn't hold in my surprise and gasped. Haymitch wasn't alert and dropped to the ground with a harsh laughter. He coughed and coughed and vomited on the carpet. He passed out soon after. Peeta looked at him with remorse. The boy with the bread had tamed. I helped him to hoist up the foul-smelling man. He was surprisingly heavy for such a thin fellow. From what I've heard, he used to be broad. His excessive drinking habits must have stopped all growth and he's been too drunk to build back his once-grand physique. I helped Peeta lay him on his bed. I took once glance at myself on the smooth crystal-like mirror and wretched. I was covered – head to toe – in Haymitch's bile. I would be the last person to be called high-maintenance, but even I found the stench utterly repulsive. Peeta offered to bathe him and I fled silently and swiftly to my room, trailing to the bathroom. I cleansed myself of the mess and took a warm bath. I stripped down to my underwear and slid my lithe body under the silken duvet covers of the large, warm bed. It was so much nicer than the one I had back home. That one had broken springs and the mattress was torn. I remember staying up that whole night, looking at the ceiling with a vacant expression. I tried to think about my family and Gale and what my being murdered in the Games would mean, but my mind was clogged by the peculiar desire to remain still and sound. My façade of bleakness had seemed to slip itself in my brain and wire itself there. I thought nothing. Please review