what we knew, the cancer was to far gone for them to help. so..." I swallow hard. " so we made the decision to forgo the staying in hospital option and made plans for her to be treated at home, which was basically just pain medication. After five months Johanna decided she didn't want to sit around a wait for the end, she wanted as many memories with me and her daughter as she could get, so we packed up what little we had and left four, moving around the country and staying out of the spot-light. It... it was the best time of my life, we where together, happy with our daughter but too soon the time came when she could continue. We went back to seven, back to her home, our home. We'd spent one year, eight months and five days travelling. She lasted another four, she passed away quietly and peacefully in her sleep, I buried her in seven, where she asked to be, Finn, Annie, Flynn, Mark and Ryan where there." I breath in deeply the air suddenly hard to get. "Peeta, I'm... I'm so sorry." Delly tells me, through the tears I only nod. "We... we moved back to four a few weeks ago. This is where me and Johanna had planned to live, it seemed right. I made a small memorial to her over by that tree." I tell them pointing to it, the one with a bench beneath it. "We loved to sit there and just watch the sky, the sea. We understood why Finn and Annie where so happy here." I finishes there, not knowing how to continue but a nagging thought gets me. "Delly how did you find me? I never told anyone." I ask. "Well you did, Finnick and Annie Odair. We needed to find you. After we explained way, they told me and Thom, made us promise to not tell anyone else. We haven't." now I am wondering what's going on. "Peeta what have you heard about twelve, about Katniss?" the name catches me off guard. I haven't, to be honest thought about her since getting together with Johanna. "To be honest Delly... I haven't thought about her or twelve for sometime now. I've had other things going on but last I heard she was engaged to Gale." I tell her, remembering the news and how oddly I felt an ease with it, relieved that she had move on and was happy, as happy as I was with Johanna. "It never happened Peeta, they never happened. At the wedding she just ran, she couldn't go through with it... she said she had made a mistake, that she loved Gale but only as a brother." she tells me, I don't know how this should make me feel. " she has terrible nightmares, ones that no one, not even prim can comfort her from, she screams for you, that was her mistake. She let you go, she regrets it, she told us it worst the biggest thing she's even done." I'm shocked to hear this but where as before the war, before the quell I would have felt over-joy at this, at her wanting me, now I'm not to sure. While yes I do care about her, something I always will do after everything we went through I'm not sure if it's love any-more. I think I came to except that she'll have never loved me the way I did her, so I let her go and moved on with my life. We protect each other but there isn't anything to protect us from now, nothing but life and I don't know if I can protect here from that, in fact I'm sure I can't. "Delly after everything, the games, the act, the war I don't... I don't know any-more. When we last spoke she explained that she needed a fresh start away from the acts of snow and the games. We spilt leaving each other and those feelings behind, I moved on. I fell in love with Johanna, I have a daughter now, I can't just up and leave because she scared . I stopped letting things rule my world long ago." "Peeta I know that you still care about her-" "Not like that, not any-more!" I yell, Thom is standing but the look on his face is one of understanding. "Peeta please just think about it, we need to leave tomorrow. She needs you Peeta, she needs what only you can give her... a life worth living. Please think about it, we have a ticket for you, we'll get one for your daughter... please Peeta, please be at the train station tomorrow at noon." I don't say anything, opting to look out over the dark sea, the night fully upon us now. I hear them leave but the information Delly gave me weighs heavily on my mind, I go to bed my mind a jumble with thoughts, my dreams filled with the old version of twelve, the one I left behind, a girl with liquid silver eye's and a dark braid. I know before I wake, I'll be returning to twelve, in what manner though I've no idea. This is my first story and I hope you'll like it. This is just a prologue and I'm not sure how long updates will be, maybe one a week on the weekend? Just a few notes on the chapter and story. Peeta and Katniss choose to leave each other, too much having happened between them, Finnick lived though injured, prim as well. The relationship between Peeta and Johanna develop because of their time spent together in the capitol. It will be Everlark it'll just take sometime for them to find each other, or rather Peeta to find his way back to Katniss. I'm also sorry about the grammar and spelling mistakes. Hope you like and please any help would be really appreciated. Thanks for reading/ review(if any) see you next chapter.