YOU ARE! BLOWING UP THE TOILETS!? WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU? EVERYONE WILL THINK IVE RAISED A SAVAGE – WHO DO I flick to the next text. YOU THINK HAS TO PAY FOR ALL THIS DAMAGE? ME! WHO DO YOU THINK HAS TO PAY TO GET YOU BAIL? ME! YES THAT'S RIGHT THE POLICE ARE IN MY HOUSE LOOKING FOR YOU! THEY'RE GOING TO It's a bit tedious, I know. I don't know why she has to use so many exclamation and question marks whenever she's on a pay as you go contract. That's just wasting money. ARREST YOU FOR CRIMINAL DAMAGE AND VANDALISM! GET HOME RIGHT THIS INSTANT OR I SWEAR TO GOD I WILL BEAT THE HEAD STRAIGHT OFF YOUR SHOULDERS YOUNG MAN! I chuck my phone into my backpack and let out a loud fake snore. A man and woman walking their dog past me both jump in surprise and look back, giggling together. I'm suddenly enraged by the fact that not only is this 'man' wearing snakeskin kitten heels, but their golden retriever's fur is dyed bright green. Now what is the point of that? Why would you go out of your way to buy a golden retriever and take the time out to dye its golden hair fucking green ! And don't even get me started on that man's high heels! I don't get the chance. As I'm watching them descend down the road with disdain, I hear a faint sound on the wind that catches my attention. Firstly, it sounds like the word 'Cato'. Second of all, it's followed by the words 'No' and 'He's not worth it'. Lastly, the voice is a very familiar feminine squawk of a voice that I hear sometimes on the train into school in the morning. Who gets my train in the morning again? Oh yeah, that Glimmer thing. I realise my brain is working pretty slow at the moment – I think I'm still a bit dazed by the dog's hair being green and all that – so I decide instead to turn my head in the general direction that the sound came from. Oh look at that, it's the lovely eloquent Cato, and he's charging right at me... OH FU-! I leap up off the bench, tossing my half-drunk milkshake in his general direction and start bounding out of there faster than a Tasmanian devil. I hear something that sounds like Glimmer laughing, but I'm already tearing down the road past that man in his heels and his stupid green dog. Did Cato come all the way down here after me because of that comment about his mom? What a complete idiot! Though I'm saying this as I'm running away with my tail tucked between my legs – as much of a dumbass as he is, he is a lot stronger and lot faster than I am. I can hear the thud of his feet on the pavement behind me. He's catching up. Maybe I should just accept that I'm going to get my shit kicked in. "Marvel I'm going to kick your fucking face in, you fucking douche!" Even running home into a pair of police handcuffs is better than suffering the shame of Cato turning me into a human sausage in the middle of the town. Oh my God, that's it! I quickly scan my surroundings, yes, it could work! I veer off to the left towards where my only salvation may be found, running the route I make every day in and out of school. Oh Gods, if you are there, please grant me this one prayer and I shall forever be – YES! It's the train platform, and there in all its beautiful majestic glory is a gold-striped outbound train. Gold-striped means going to District 1, baby! I start laughing with incredulity as I bound down to the platform with my student pass open, dodging the commuters easily and dive into the nearest carriage just as the doors are shutting. Could my luck possibly be any better than this? I stand panting at the doors as Cato skids to a stop on the platform, his face set like thunder. He mouths something that looks like 'I'm going to kill you' but I just grin and wave merrily at him as the train pulls out of the station and his stupid ugly face vanishes out of sight. I collapse in a free seat, still panting like crazy, ignoring the curious looks the other passengers are shooting me. I just beat Cato. I just beat Snow. And now I will never have to see either of them again for the rest of my life. I stick my earphones in and grin stupidly to myself. I know there's probably a ten tonne block of shit waiting to fall on my head when I get home to my irate mother but to be quite frank, this day has been worth it ten times over, and ten times again. My phone bleeps again in my backpack. It's from my father this time. ' Get home. Now.' I eye the very final full stop on this text wearily. My mother is an idiot and it's pretty easy to ignore her but my dad is one serious son of a bitch. I send him a quick text to let him know I'm on the train and add, ' take it easy on me' . As the only boy out of three children, my dad has always had a bit of a soft spot for me which I have liberally taken advantage of over the years. The reply arrives in an instant. ' It's not me you have to worry about .' Wow. My mom must be really mad. The idea makes me snicker. I turn my music up full blast and lean my head against the window, watching the Capitol shrink away in the distance before we bend around the mountains and it vanishes out of sight.