I just can't give you that. You're wasting your time." "It's because of your family, isn't it?" she asks, on the verge of tears. "No, it's not," I say sincerely. "I'm really sorry." "B-but… I love you!" "No, you don't." I get up from my chair. "Trust me." Then I do the stupidest thing I could do in this situation- I turn around and walk away. Holy shit. Thank goodness the streets are empty- and even if I run into someone while I do the walk of shame back home, I'm hoping that the darkness hides the red mark on my cheek. But still, it burns like hell . Ruby had every right to get up from her seat and slap me, I admit it- I acted like a total asshole. But she didn't have to do it in front of everyone, just before shrieking how much she hated me- apparently it's not a problem when she is the one to make a fuss. I deserved it. Now I'm a guy with a broken family, no friends and no girlfriend- that's just great. The definition of perfect . Once he stops wasting his time chasing after girls, he will be ready to volunteer. The gravel pavement cracks under my shoes when I suddenly stop on my tracks. How could I be so dense? There is a way out of my problems- it will bring my family back together, save Crystal from her burden, my friends will come back… and even if it keeps me too busy to get another girlfriend, I don't really care. I will need all my focus, but I'm sure I'll be having tons of pursuers anyway. Someone taps my shoulder; I turn around quickly, fearing Ruby might have chased me to finish what she started, but I'm relieved to see Flint's face instead. "Oh, it's you," I say tonelessly. "Expecting someone else?" he laughs, but then his eyes fall upon my face. "You look like shit! What happened?" "'Broke up with Ruby," I reply simply. Flint shakes his head pitifully. "So that 's why she was screaming. I thought she was possessed." I snort. "I wouldn't be surprised if she was. Everyone was staring, as if what happened at the reaping wasn't enough." "Marvy-Boy, Marvy-Boy," Flint says with feigned exasperation, mockingly placing his hands on his hips. "You never break up with a girl in a public place, no matter how desperate you are to get rid of her. Spit it out- what did she do?" "Nothing in particular," I reply, as we begin walking again. "I guess… I just didn't like her as much as I thought. And in some way, what happened with my family opened my eyes." "I see," he says sympathetically, and I don't need to elaborate- Flint has understood everything. "How's Crystal? And your mother?" "They're fine," I grumble. "But Crystal is still convinced she should have gone into the arena." Flint doesn't say anything. "I've made a decision," I blurt out, when we reach my front door. "I was going to inform my family first, but I'd like you to be there too." "Dude, are you alright?" Flint asks suspiciously. "You look a bit… out of your mind. Like you're about to do something really stupid." "Of course I am alright," I snarl, opening the door. "And it's not stupid, I guarantee you. Ladies first," I mock, letting the door open for him. My family is gathered in the living room- their way of pretending that nothing's wrong, even though none of them move or even speak to each other-, and when I see the now always-present sadness on my mother's eyes I begin to wonder if this is the right thing to do. She will be angry. Maybe she will even cry some more. But I can't back down now. I clear my throat, and four sets of eyes turn to me, while Flint snorts. "I have something to tell all of you." I smile confidently- the same smile that has gotten me out of trouble countless times, and that will be useful in the future. "I decided I'm going to volunteer next year." Each person in the room has a different reaction- Flint's jaw drops, Crystal widens her eyes in disbelief, Jem starts jumping up and down and punching the air while making fighting noises, and my mother turns pale-, but the one that brings me hope that everything will turn out fine is my father's: he gets up and strides towards me, placing his hands on my shoulders and looking at me with an expression of utter happiness. "Marvel, are you sure?" he asks, clearly hoping the answer is yes. I nod. "I will start training extra hard tomorrow," I inform proudly. "And I will take care of any possible competition." "My son… a victor," my father whispers dreamily. "Lacey," he calls, turning to my mother and seemingly forgetting all about these past few weeks. "Our son wants to be a tribute. Our son !" My mother opens her mouth- to say she looks surprised would be an understatement-, but I shoot her a meaningful look. Dad is talking to you, I try to say with my eyes, and feeling triumphant that he's doing so. "That's… that's great," she says instead, and I let out a relieved sigh. Then, much to my surprise, I see a blonde ponytail waving under my nose, as Crystal hugs me tightly. "Thank you, Marv," she whispers, so low that no one but me can hear it- especially now that my father has started celebrating. I smile down at her, and suddenly it really dawns on me- I may have brought my family together, but in reality I'm accomplishing something that deep down I've always wanted to do. My motives aren't so selfless after all. But I don't care. I can do it- I've trained, and I'm going to win. Marvel Gould, victor of the 74th Hunger Games. How does that sound?