another, I'd say this is his father's territory. I feel a chill up my spine- this mansion couldn't be more different from the swamp that still haunts my dreams, but somehow the feeling is the same- and unconsciously tighten my grip on Cassius's hand. "It's okay," he whispers. "I just wanna show you something." He opens an opaque glass door to our right, and I find myself in a greenhouse, surrounded by roses of all colours, from black to bright orange- some of them are so small they could be mistaken for forget-me-nots, and others are the size of lettuce. The smell is not completely unpleasant, but it's too strong, even for a place with so many flowers. "Is this yours?" I ask, running my fingers along the petals of a particularly funny-looking, polka-dotted rose. "Technically, it's my father's." Cassius drags me further inside the greenhouse, until we can't see the door anymore. "But I'm the one who takes care of it. He doesn't have much spare time." "Oh," I manage to say. Cassius lets go of my hand and approaches a rosebush that is so withered in comparison to the others that I wouldn't have noticed it if he hadn't pointed it out- on it lays a single red blossom. "This one's my favorite," Cassius confesses. "Why?" I ask. The rose is not any different from the others- actually, it looks kind of plain. A normal rose. "Because it's not genetically modified." Carefully, he plucks the flower and holds it out for me to take it. "It's unaltered… like you." I inspire the delicate, natural scent of the rose- he's right, it's actually better than the others- before gathering the courage to ask what has been nagging my mind since the first time I saw him. "Cassius… how… how did you get like that?" He doesn't even blink; he just runs his hand through his hair- the hair on top of his head, that is- and cracks up a half-smile. "I knew you'd ask sooner or later." "I'm sorry," I say, embarrassed. "No problem. It's actually a rather simple story- you know how everyone's obsessed with plastic surgery in the Capitol, right?" I nod. "Well, I started when I was fourteen. A little retouch here and there, dying my hair, nothing special. But I wanted to go the extra mile, so when I was sixteen, I heard about a new procedure that would allow me to have dog-like senses… I wanted to do it right away. They told me it wasn't safe, and that it hadn't been fully tested, but I was so vain that I didn't listen." Cassius sighs and goes on. "When I came back from the hospital looking like this, my mother almost had a stroke. And my father locked me here. Having a freak for a son could endanger his political career. So here I am, locked for six years!" His last sentence is too cheerful for me to believe he's actually happy this way. "Can't you… reverse the procedure?" I ask, half-fascinated. "Recently they've came up with some kind of therapy," Cassius explains. "They say it will bring me back to normal, but it will be painful and will take years… and no one can guarantee me that I'll be allowed out once I've changed back. It would be strange if another son of the president just popped out of nowhere. Most likely, I'll be trapped here forever." "That's just insane!" I exclaim indignantly. "Where's your brother in all this?" "I think he's just as afraid of our father as the next person," Cassius replies bitterly. "And he has his own family. He still visits me sometimes, though." "And didn't anyone notice you were gone? Your friends? Society in general?" "My father came up with a story, that I was very sick… after a while, people just forgot about me. And I didn't have friends. At least not true friends." He smiles. "Until now." I beam, looking into his glinting green eyes and trying to find the normal-looking boy he once was. "What did you look like?" I blurt out. "Jeez, you sure do love to ask questions!" he laughs. "But I'll show you." Cassius takes me back to his room, and once we get there he begins raiding through his drawers. I stand in silence, overcome with curiosity, until he turns back to me, holding a small piece of paper. He hands it to me, and I take the photo closer to the light so I can see it better: pre- surgery Cassius wasn't actually that different from what he is now- the same expressive eyes, the same smile… he looked quite normal for a Capitol boy, with short light brown hair and nice features. He still wore a bit of make-up, though. "Cute," I chuckle. "Yeah, I was quite a good-looking lad, wasn't I? A true chick-magnet!" Cassius jokes. "You are a good-looking lad. But maybe you should shave more often," I scorn. "Miss Mabel?" Magnus's voice floats through the corridor outside the room, telling me it's time to go. "Will I see you again?" Cassius asks hurtfully. "I don't think that's up to me," I say. "Well, then… see you some day. Goodbye, Cashmere." Before I manage to reply, Cassius leans forward and presses his lips against mine. I'm not going to lie and say this doesn't feel weird- it definitely does, given the amount of facial hair- but it doesn't feel bad either. I feel myself flush, and my heart starts racing like I'm fourteen again, in love for the first time… Oh. Cassius is the one who breaks the kiss, taking a step back with an ashamed look upon his face. I touch his cheek, as if telling him 'it's okay', just as Magnus knocks on the door. "Goodbye, Cassius." Then I turn around, casting him one last glance, and head out of his room, still clutching the rose he gave me and the picture I forgot to return.