around in its soft, warm current… 'Annie!' Charla snaps at me again. 'Stop ogling trident guy and swim !' I glare at her, but do as she says and swim over to meet her at the other side of the docks. Trident guy? Who does she think she is? He's Finnick Odair. He won the Hunger Games. He's not just some guy . 'Oh, please, Annie,' Charla continues bitterly. 'don't give me the death stare you're so good at. Bet you don't give him that look.' 'He doesn't annoy me like you.' I shoot back, resisting the urge to splash saltwater in her eyes. She simply ignores me then, because she's got nothing else to reply with. I exchange a smirk with Anthia. 'D'you know him?' Anthia whispers to me, meaning Finnick. I nod vaguely and her eyes widen. 'You're kidding?' I shake my head. 'He walked me home last night when Nick… stood me up.' I'm hesitant to use that phrase, because it's what Finnick said. And I still don't want to believe I got stood up. I still resent him a little for just pointing it out. 'Wow,' She breaths. 'as if you know Finnick Odair… half the girls in the whole district would kill just to meet him!' I roll my eyes and smirk back at her. Of course they would. But I'm not like that, I don't do the whole fan-girl thing. He's just another person, just like anyone else. Only he's talented, and cute and hot… And I'm losing my grasp on my morals. 'Break.' Charla orders in a bored tone. 'Because Annie can't stop drooling over Finnick Odair.' I shoot a cold stare at her. She's teeming with jealousy because he's looking at me, not her. Heaven knows why, though, my hair's filled with salt and bedraggled by the water, and it's sticking to my skin and sticking up at the back. And I'm much too skinny for this swimsuit for it to actually look good on me – it doesn't cling to my skin, it hangs off me. Surely that doesn't look too attractive. We all get out of the water, and I'm careful about how I pull myself onto the deck, so that my suit doesn't rise up at the back. I don't want to give him an eyeful. Though I'm sure he wouldn't complain. I see his eyes involuntarily light up as I walk towards him along the marina boards. He's sitting on the edge of the decking, dangling his feet into the water, tying and re-tying knots in a stray piece of rope. 'Didn't realise you were a swimmer.' He grins at me, as I stand above him. His eyes are running all over me and I suddenly feel very on show. I sit down so at least my face is at eye-level with him. 'Yeah,' I answer indifferently. 'didn't realise you spent your time perving on swimmers.' 'Only when they're hot.' He wiggles his eyebrows and I can't help but laugh. 'And I'm not perving anyway.' He continues, looking vaguely hurt. 'Oh? What would you call it, then?' 'Admiring.' He says proudly. I smirk. Just can't help it. 'So, I can say I've got an admirer, then?' I grin at him. He shrugs and returns my smile, but his sends shivers down my spine. 'You could say that.' He says, his voice turning from his sarcastic, playful tone, to a seductive and smooth purr. I try to smile, but I think he's broken my ability to function normally. All off a sudden I'm submerged in water. I gasp and throw my head out of the water, spinning around to search for the culprit, saltwater lining my tongue. Charla's stood with a manic grin on her face, evidently pleased with her handy work. Finnick's watching me, trying to stop himself laughing. I raise my eyebrows and he can't hold it in, and just bursts out laughing – that musical, sweet laugh. Sweet like sugar cubes. 'Go on then, Annie,' Charla tells me. 'show Finnick what you can do, and who knows – maybe he'll show you his trident!' And with that, she dives into the water after me and swims ahead, evidently wagering a race. I cast an apologetic glance at Finnick for the trident euphemism, but he evidently found it funny. He's such a child. I take off after Charla, letting the water sweep past me, and it feels so natural. Being in the water is my home from home. I live on the water, so the water to me is a friend I've grown up with. Charla's talented, of course, but I'll always beat her on aggression. She's wound me up now, and when I've got anger coursing through my veins, I'll win against anyone. My hand hits the decking on the other side first, as I watch Charla finish one stroke behind me, anger radiating from her cheeks. I hear a single clap from the other side of the marina, and turn to see Finnick giving me a small round of applause, then he beams at me. 'Oh, go talk to him.' Charla mutters. 'What?' 'Go and talk! Clearly he's come for you, and let's face it – you don't need the practice.' Charla sighs. This is surely a trick… 'I don't want to be around when that swimsuit goes see-through because of the salt.' Her eyes dart to Finnick for a second, then return to me. 'We all know he can't hold out that long.' I spit saltwater at her without warning, and leave her rinsing her face as I get out of the water. She's right about the swimsuit though. Mine does have a tendency to go a little bit transparent when it's been in saltwater for too long. I'm about to go back and talk to him, when I hear my brother's voice from our boat. 'Odair! Get up!' Oh, God, please. Not again. Regan, what are you going to do, you idiot !