journey in Effies car, we reach the street that they live on. She parks the car down the road since there is no where to park that's closer, and we get out and get my stuff before walking to the front gates. Effie types in a long code and the gate opens slowly. I can't see the house yet since the garden is huge. It takes us five minutes to walk through it. Soon I round a corner and stop dead in my tracks. The house, it's beautiful. It's huge and a pale cream colour, except the corners that are white bricks. There has to be at least three floors, and probably a basement too. The whole top floor roof is made of glass. Leading up to the house are a few stone steps and a patio area with a decking and barbecue in the middle that has a load of wicker chairs and a table on it. It's truly fantastic. After a few moments to take it in, I follow after Effie and Prim up to the big glass doors. I'm expecting Effie to pull out a key, but she clears her throat and speaks clearly. "Effie Trinket." the door beeps and swings open only to shut straight away once shes stepped through. What just happened? All of a sudden I hear Prims voice. "Primrose Everdeen." the door beeps again and opens. Prim steps through I'm about to follow her when the door slams in my face. Err, what do I do? Just say my name? "Err, Katniss Everdeen?" I say. The door beeps and opens. I exhale and step through. "What was that?!" I whisper to Prim. "Oh, this house is full of gadgets and gizmos, they are quite easy to use." she says, laughing lightly. Effie steps forward and calls out to Haymitch to tell him that she's home before rushing off on through a door and into the depths of the house. "Okay, i'll show you around!" Prim squeals. "First the basics. There are four floors including the basement, the top floor is Haymitch and Effies floor, The basement is my floor, this floor is like the kitchen, dining room, living room, floor, you know, like, the stuff that we do with each other. So I guess the second floor is yours!" She squeals. Wow, a whole floor to myself? "Okay, so-" "Shh! Please hold you questions till the end of the tour. The place we are standing in now is the entrance conservatory, this is just a quite place to sit and read if you get sick of your room." i smile and Prim takes my hand and leads me through the door that Effie just went through. "Okay, this is the kitchen!" The room is huge. It's all cream except the table surfaces which are marble. There are switches everywhere and loads of cupboards overhead. Before I can take in more, Prim just tugs me onto see more of the house. We go and see all the bathrooms, the living room, library (Yes, our very own library!), The dining room that is huge for just four people, and then takes to the other end of the house and into a little room that has loads of surf boards and buckets and spades and beachy things in. On the other side is a glass door that leads out onto a bridge. Then I notice the bridge goes right onto the beach! "I didn't realise we were this close to the beach!" I say and try to open the door and go out. "Kat, don't you think it would be and better idea to put your stuff away before going out on the beach?" Prim giggles. "Oh, yeah ok..." I mumble. She laughs and again and takes me upstairs to the floor. It's not as big as the floor below, but it's bigger than the entire dorm I was in at high school. Prim gives me a quick hug and turns to leave. Haymitch and Effie must have bought new furniture knowing that I was coming. The carpet is cream, but there is a big fluffy green rug in the centre of the floor, the bed is on the other side of the room and that's green too, it's on a raised plinth that you have to climb two steps to get too. On either sides of the massive double bed there are bedside tables, and the closet stretches across one whole side of the room. In the corner there is a huge desk with a small laptop resting on top of it. Next to that is a huge book case, like I'd need one with a library under my feet. There are windows everywhere, making the room feel open and light, and there is a door on the other side of the room, which I suppose is my bathroom. I walk across the room and into my bathroom and gasp. The bath is the size of a small swimming pool and the shower is big enough that I could probably fit a tree in it. Lining one wall of the room is a white surface that has a sink on it and loads of make up on that I doubt I will touch. I grin to myself and walk back out into my room before slinging my bags down onto my bed and throwing myself on the fluffy rug. I breathe in deeply and smell... Pine. A very familiar small to me, one that I love. I can take it all in. Soon I get up and walk over to one of the windows. I can see right onto the sandy beach. I can feel the anticipation growing in my stomach. But then I shove it down. This year is for planing and working. How else will I get into college? So there you have it the first chapter! And be patient the romance will come soon! Please tell me what you think! Please review!