waggled his naked ring finger at the younger man. "Oh." The Peacekeeper blushed. "I understand." "Good. Now let's pretend this never happened. You don't have to file a report and I don't have to complain to your superior officer." It took the young Peacekeeper only a moment to make up his mind. "Sir! Evening, Ma'am." Hurriedly he turned heel and disappeared into the darkness. Haymitch stared after him until he could be sure the man was gone. Then he let go of Rose so abruptly she stumbled against the porch. "What is wrong with you, dammit? Which part of 'don't go alone' did you not get?" he growled. Rose shivered. Now that the immediate threat was gone, her knees started to tremble. She gripped the railing. Haymitch's fist hit the door jamb. "There are more than hundred newly transferred Peacekeepers in town, and they are bored and pissed off and easy to annoy. Do you have a death wish?" "I didn't know... I never thought..." He raked his fingers through his hair. "Don't they have any Peacekeepers up in 12A? These bastards are dangerous. You were lucky that one was only a rooky. An older, more hardened man would have..." He spit at the floor. "I need a drink." "A drink," she repeated, stricken by his demand. "Sorry, there's none." "Honestly?" She sighed and slid down along the railing post, until she sat on the wooden floor of the porch, her head between her knees to battle the nausea. "One bottle of brandy, but I use that to soak mountain tobacco for medicine. Not even you could drink that." She winced. "I apologize. That came out all wrong." He shrugged and sat down next to her, his legs dangling off the porch. "What about your mysterious box?" He pointed at the now empty wooden crate at the bottom of the steps. "What was in there?" Rose's breathing slowly calmed. She appreciated his attempt at polite conversation to give her the time to compose herself. "Books. Shoes. My mother's good china. More books." She shrugged. "Everything I own, really. I could not take it with me when I was ordered to relocate, so I asked a friend to pack it and send it by freighter train." The train from the district centre to the branches transported food and supplies once a week and brought back coal. It moved along fenced corridors, through mountain valleys and dark woods. She had taken the train three times - when she'd been admitted to the teachers' college in the Capitol at age 18, back home again four years later. And then three weeks ago, when she's been transferred. "From 12A?" Haymitch asked with mild interest. She nodded. "How's it, up there?" Rose shrugged. "Remember the Games, two, no three years ago?" "The frozen wasteland?" "12A is a bit like that. It starts to snow soon after Harvest day, and keeps snowing until May. The ground is craggy and rocky, lots of fir and spruce, no deciduous trees. No fields or gardens. Nothing much grows at that elevation. There is the mine, of course, and a few dozen houses, but no shops or markets like you have here. Four Peacekeepers who have been up there for most of their life and hardly ever wear their uniforms. Everyone else works in the mine or for the mine. About 300 people, children and all." "I remember seeing the children from the branches on Harvest day," Haymitch mused. "They always looked defiant and exhausted." "We from 12A had to walk to the District centre for the Reaping every year," she replied defensively. "You soft townsfolk amble over in your Sunday best. But we had to start off at midnight to be there by 2 o'clock. And then walk home again, if we were spared." She remembered those endless marches through the darkness and cold, younger children holding hands, older sibling singing songs or telling stories to cheer them up. She remembered the all-encompassing fear that took away your breath and turned your heart into a clump of ice. But that fear was true for everyone who had their name in the bowl, she assumed. Seam or square or branch – the memory of fear united them all. "And your folks still live up there?" Haymitch asked. He kept his eyes open and his head back against the post, starring up at the stars. "My father died when I was 18." She'd come back from her very last Reaping just in time to say good-bye. "Miner's curse." "Silicosis." Haymitch nodded. "Hard way to go." "Yes." Coal dust got in your lungs and caused inflammation and irreparable damage. " Coal for me, dust for you. First you cough, then you turn blue ," she sang gently. "It's an old skipping rhyme. I never understood what it meant until I saw Dad cough up his lungs and struggle for breath." "And your mother?" "She died while I was at college. She never was well since my father passed away." Her mother had made everyone in 12A promise they'd not let Rose know of her death until after graduation, so Rose would not attempt to come for the funeral. Dropping out of college meant a job in the mine. Rose knew that her mother would never have wanted that for her. "And Mr Cumberland?" Haymitch asked in a deceptively casual tone. A dark cloud moved across the moon and cast his face in shadow. "Is he going to transfer as well, now that you are here?" Rose stood up abruptly. "No. He's not." She wiped the sudden tears away with her sleeve. "I am tired." He watched her unlock the door, before he got up as well. A half mocking, half courteous bow, and he turned towards the narrow path that ran along the tracks and led eventually to the Victors' Village. "Haymitch?" Her soft call made him halt. He turned. She raised a hand in greeting. "Thank you." / To be continued…