storm. She didn't know how one person could feel such a strong emotion. She buried her face into his stomach, breathing in the man she grew to know inside and out. No amount of triggers or nightmares or fleeing doubts would ever change her mind. "I love you," she said, voice thick of emotion, just loud enough for him to hear. "I love you, too. Always." He squeezed her to him and kissed the top of her head before standing up. He reached out his hand before her, offering it to her. Without a moment's hesitation, she took it and hoisted herself up. That evening, a small group of people gathered in their house. Soft pastel ribbons spiraled above the doorways and across the ceiling. A buzz of chatter came from the small talk and laughter of old acquaintances catching up. Haymitch sat casually resting on the couch, glass in hand. He talked with Mrs. Everdeen, engrossed in conversation, periodically sipping from his glass. He still drank alcohol, but considerably less so. His flock of geese consumed a decent amount of his time, leaving him only getting passed-out drunk about once a week. As she grew up, Katniss learned to sympathize with him, and smiled at the thought of her mentor slowly moving forward. Her mother sat, with their baby girl cradled in her arms, as she fed her from a bottle. Mrs. Everdeen had stayed in District 4, still too haunted by the suffocating memories of Prim and her husband to return. She was a full-time doctor there and Katniss felt she would be doing much better good for Panem there than here. Her face was older, small wrinkles developing with age, but her eyes seemed to sparkle with more life than Katniss could remember seeing since her dad died. The news that she was going to be a grandmother had caused her to cry, much to Katniss' shock. But of joy, she assured her, not sadness. Gale stood beside the chair that his wife sat in, her belly inflated from pregnancy. She was beautiful with her dark eyes and short, curly blond hair falling in spirals on her shoulders. Gale's face, still hardened, looked more relaxed and happy. There were few wrinkles on his face, caused by stress in his youth and after the war, but he was still handsome. Hazelle sat next to his wife, whom she was talking with, and glanced up at her son. Pride seemed to swell inside of her like an inflating balloon as her shoulders got straighter and her grin became bigger. Katniss walked over to them. "Congratulations," she said to them. "How many is that now, four, five?" Gale looked at her and smiled briefly before shaking his head from side to side. "Our second, but you know that, Catnip. Don't you?" She and Gale didn't talk for a few years after their conversation in the Capitol. She was full of anger, though slightly misdirected, at him. And he couldn't bare to talk to her as the guilt and edge of jealousy swelled within him when he thought of her. Eventually, he had made a visit to 12 during the reconstruction and visited her, on Peeta's request she later found out. The visit was tense and strained between them, but somehow patched up old wounds. Since then, they would call each other and send the occasional letter, saving the visits for events like today. Their friendship was never the same as in their youth, however there was still time. "I do," she smiled. "Thank you for having us," his wife, Violet, Katniss thought her name is, said politely. "I wouldn't have it any other way." "Honey, we're ready," Mrs. Everdeen called out to her. Katniss strolled to her mom and squat down next to her, brushing her hand over her daughter's hair. She looked exactly like Peeta, destined to be a daddy's girl. "How's my baby doing?" "She just finished eating." Peeta appeared next to her, placing a kiss on their daughter's cheek. "Good work, lover man," Haymitch smirked at him with a thumbs up. Peeta laughed while Katniss rolled her eyes. "She did all the hard work," Peeta said, looking at Katniss fondly. "You're damn right I did," she joked. "But it was worth it," she whispered in his ear. "Look at you, sweetheart," Haymitch said. The nickname had stuck to her over the years, but it no longer was said with sarcasm or hostility. "Never thought you'd be a good wife." Katniss opened her mouth to retort, but Peeta spoke up before she could. "She's the best." Katniss scooped her baby in her arms and kissed her forehead. Her big, blue eyes stared up at her and her small, toothless mouth opened wide in a smile. She tickled her chest gently, and was rewarded with a soft giggle. Warmth spread through Katniss like a fire, she felt her heart might burst of pride. She slowly made her way to the table where the birthday cake was, walking as if on broken glass. Peeta walked up behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist, resting his head upon her shoulder. "A year ago today, you were terrified to even hold her," he whispered in her ear. She laughed at his comment. "I thought I might break her." "You're more maternal than you think, even as kids." Katniss thought of Prim, her sweet face, always eager to protect her. She longed for her sister to be there and meet her niece. Somehow, Katniss felt that Prim was there in some way and happy for her. She nodded stiffly at Peeta with a sigh, looking up from her arms. Haymitch caught her eyes, looking at her almost smugly. Katniss rose her eyebrows at him, causing wrinkles to develop on her forehead. He smiled at her and the baby in her arms, and then to Peeta. He raised his glass in the air, as if to say, "You deserve him now, sweetheart."