don't mind it terribly that she won't stand up for me, because it would most likely result in more beatings or possibly him getting angry at her. I'm, in a way, happy that she still has him, even if he is drunk or hungover most of the time. "Oh my gosh, Katniss... When was the last time you've eaten?" she asks, her voice strained. "I'm- I'm fine, Prim. I don't really remember right now, but I know it couldn't have been too long ago. I'll be- I'll be fine. Plus you know dad doesn't give me much food, so it wouldn't matter anyways. I'll be fine, and no matter what, you're still getting part of my lunch. So noth... nothing to worry about." I try to reassure her, but my words are slurring slightly because of my dizziness and panic. To be honest, I know exactly how long it's been since I've had even a portion of a healthy meal- which was maybe a little over two weeks ago. I'm still able to walk, though, and I've been eating small portions other than last night. The slurring is just from my bruised cheek, I tell myself. Possibly a small concussion, but nothing too serious. I'm not stupid, I know what it looks like for people to die from hunger, but... I can eat something later on, I need Prim to keep her strength. "Katniss," Prim whines quietly, "you're slurring your words. You may have a concussion, by your condition, I wouldn't be surprised. Please just stay home today? Are you dizzy, nauseous, anything?" she asks with eyes showing desperation. She knows that I can't say no to those eyes, but when it comes down to going to school or staying in this hell hole, I'd chose school any day. "Prim, you kn..know why I won't do that. A whole day alone with dad? I don't very much like that idea. I'm going to school," I say with the conviction in my voice so as not to leave room for further argument. I even managed to control the slurring to a minimum. "But Katniss-" "But nothing, Prim. I'm sorry, but I'm fine." I try to convince her by keeping my voice even. She just sighs and consents. "Fine, but Katniss, I'm really worried..." she says with a frown. "Don't worry little duck," I say trying to lighten the mood,"I've outsmarted a bear before. I can outsmart a teacher and... and be fine!" Her lips don't quirk up and grabs her supplies. With that, I'm walking next to her to school. I stumble more than once, and she shoots me concerned looks, but ventures on. The first portion of school goes without too much trouble. I get worried looks as I approach the school, so I just duck my head as I pass people with curious and pitiful faces. I was only called on once or twice in my classes, and managed to get out a tired-sounding response with only a few stumbling of words. The hallways mind as well have been labyrinths, with hurdles and turns that I stumbled through multiple times, each time causing more and more people to notice the bruised, hollowed out girl stumbling throughout the hallway like a drunkard. Great. At lunch, I sit with Madge, my only friend in my grade. When Madge sees my face and my stumbling body, she looks horrified, but quickly changes it to a look of uttermost concern. "Katniss! What's happened to you?" she screeches, and runs her hand over my face. She takes in my swollen eye, blue and green cheek, and most likely the multiple scratches covering it. The scratches that came from the broom when it gave out after multiple hits and showered splinters across it. "I.. um.. hit.. hit it when I was.. was.." for goodness sake, I couldn't even form a proper sentence because of my searing headache and dizziness. "Katniss, you need to go to the nurse, or at least go home!" She exclaims, pure shock crossing her face. "No... no.. I'm fi..fine, Madge." I say tiredly. Concern suddenly flashes on her face with ferocity. She must have heard the stumble. No duh, she heard it! You can't get a measly sentence out without tripping over your words! I stand up shakily and attempt to grab my things. I drop my schoolbag once, then twice, and look around to make sure nobody caught it. Grazing over the crowd, I conclude that nobody's taken notice to me, but catch a pair of blue eyes watching me with concern. I see Madge look at me with concern, and I steel my expression, embarrassed that I'd allowed myself appear weak. I turn my attention back to the boy. What was his name? My head feels foggy right now. After a minute, my brains slowly registers the owner of those eyes. Peeta Mellark . Dropping my gaze, my cheeks heating, I attempt to pick it up once more and succeed, the weight throwing my weak body off a bit, and I fall on my back. Blackness starts to cloud my vision, but before I close my eyes, I see someone jump out of their seat and rush to me. I hear a man's voice call my name, and for a second, foolishly think to myself that it sounds nice. Almost like home. Just as I close my eyes, surrendering to the wonderful feeling of darkness, my eyes lock onto a pair of blue eyes. The emotional, magnificent, indescribably blue eyes, once again. Note: So, this is my newly edited version, I'm going t go through the chapters and edit out things I don't really like, and edit in things I think will help the story's plot. I'm not puttin previews after these revised chapters, seeing as the next ones are technically already uploaded. Leave reviews on this newly revised chapter, or a review if this is your first time reading this so far... Love you guys as always! ~Burritoyum