but Gale cuts her off again, him voice booming as he takes a step forward. My arms reach out roughly, pushing him back. Why is he acting like this? "But you find this fun, that's all this is to you, isn't it! Just a little hobby, a sport. Do you know what this is for us? This is survival. Our families would die-" "I'm sorry," Katniss says, her face scrunched up painfully, but her voice void of any emotion. Then, all at once, her face loosens into a blank gaze, her voice strained. "Mother, please! I- I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry," she screams out, her figure falling to the dirt. "Mother, please! It's been so long.. So long since you let me-" she flinches as her arms move to her ears. My breathing quickens, and I shoot forward. All I want is to comfort her, all I want is to make her stop reliving what obvious horror she's going through. The moment my hand touches her shoulder, she scurries back, her eyes closed. "Katniss?" I call out in a hoarse voice. This is not the Katniss I know, is not the Katniss that people at school are intimidated by. In front of me is a scared girl, who's lived a harsh life. "Katniss," I try again, this time my voice cracks. It pains me to see her like this. Her head shakes and she bites her lip, hard . "I- Sorry," she says again, and for a moment I think she's still within the grasps of whatever just happened. "Peeta, just, I'm- sorry. Just a- just a moment," she grits out through clenched teeth, and I nod, even though she doesn't see it. In a moment, her shoulders sag with exhaustion, and she lifts her face from her hands slowly, looking up at me. My eyebrows are drawn together with worry, and I notice the deep circles that lay beneath her light grey eyes. She takes one look behind me - presumably to Gale - and shoots to her feet. Questions race through my mind all at once, and I look her in the eyes, trying to detect an emotion, any emotion to give away what she meant, but her face just blanches and she puts on an impassive mask, making it impossible for me to know the true meaning behind her words. She crouches and picks her bow and quiver up before standing. Her eyes dart to the left, and I'm too slow to realize what she's doing before she bolts. Gale and I run after her, but she's just too fast. She's able to duck under and through small spaces that just slow Gale and I down. When she's ducked out of our sight, I sigh and slow down, trying to let my anger simmer a bit before lashing out at Gale. He stops and leans over panting with sweat dripping from his face. I snap my head to him and let my remaining anger out on him. "What the hell was that, Gale?!" I yell at him. What was that? I could have had my chance to actually talk to her before the Reaping and he opens his mouth to insult and interrogate her. "I'm sorry, but she has no right to be killing animals that we could have for sport . What we do is one thing, we would starve without our kills. But her? She's a merchant , she could have anything she wants, food included. She lives in a goddamn bakery! Why should she get-" he starts, but I cut him off. "Didn't you hear her? You know how cruel her mother is! Would you honestly put something like this past her?" I ask furiously. His face goes pale, knowing I'm right. "I didn't see her leave with any kills, though. She just took off. Do you think she left anything there?" he asks. I can't believe the nerve of him. He chases her off and then wants to take her kills? I'm about to punch him when he says," No, Peet. I don't want to take her kills for myself , but we both know that any good meat she'd gotten would go to waste - if there is any." I huff, but reluctantly agree, and we backtrack to the field and go over to where she had been. In her haste, she did seem to leave her things. Walking over to them, we find the bow she had been carving, and I gently pick it up, admiring the craftsmanship of it. Maybe she had been the one to set the snare? "Peet..." I hear Gale call, followed by a low whistle. I walk over to where he stands, holding Katniss' game bag, and my breath once again leaves me. She's caught more than Gale and I manage in a day together , and each and every one is shot cleanly through the eye, with no puncture marks in the body. My heart swells at the sight. Katniss Mellark, a merchant, the baker's daughter, is more than what anybody would think. She's a highly skilled huntress. I hate it, but suspicious eats away at my gut. Why would she ever need this much meat, if she isn't hunting for the 'fun of it'? For the first time, I begin to dread facing Katniss, but quickly dismiss it. I want to see her once more before the Reapings, because when you live in Panem, the odds are never in your favor. *A/N: Hey you guys, thanks to all who have read this so far, and I hope you enjoy this. Please don't forget to write a review and favorite/follow this (only if you like it, though.. of course), and thank you so much for being patient with me so far! I had been stuck as to where I'd wanted to go on this story, but after going through and making some a-bit-more-than-minor changes, I've found the writer's block to diminish, so woohoo! c: