his hands to his throat. He didn't know it would hurt like this. Around him there are more screams, both of his name and the name of his enemy, and he knows that Terence drank the wine too. "Snowy! Snowy, look at me!" Angelica's pleading voice seems to come from the end of a tunnel. "Water!" he cries, feverishly reaching for his cup. "Water!" She doesn't need to hear him twice- even though she knows it will be of no use, Angelica pours water down Coriolanus's throat, while her own father twists in agony behind her. She lays a hand on his chest, waiting for the worst, as Coriolanus closes his eyes and stays still. Then, much to her surprise, he opens his eyes and sits up. "Wha-?" Angelica gapes at him, at the same time relieved and appalled. Coriolanus gets to his feet as fast as his recently restored body allows him, and pulls Angelica by the wrist, aware that they don't have much time. Terence is still tossing and turning on the floor, his body twitching with a seizure, a huge commotion of servants and family members shrieking. Coriolanus tilts his head to the side and considers the chance of just letting him die, but he decides to stick to his original plan- he doesn't like wasting, and if the man perishes, Angelica will be crushed. And there's no need for that. "Lift his head and loosen his tie!" Coriolanus shouts. About a dozen servants quickly oblige, and while everyone is focused on Terence's increasingly purple head, trying to get him to breathe, he takes a syringe from his pocket and- not very gently- pierces the skin on the arm of his enemy. The seizures stop immediately. Coriolanus collapses against the wall, panting heavily. This was harder than he'd expected- his head is killing him, and there's a metallic taste in his mouth. When he takes his trembling fingers to his lips, he finds out they are covered in blood. But this won't last- he's alive and well, and he can practically feel the shock emanating from Angelica's family, as they gape at him. "We need to get him to the hospital," Angelica says shakily, before crawling to the spot next to Coriolanus. What was this? How are you alright? , are her only thoughts, and all she wants to know. But instead she asks "How did you know how to save him? You just… All you told us was to lift his head!" "It was… Instinctive," he says dismissingly. Now that everyone has settled down, Angelica's family members are staring at him wide-eyed, probably wondering how he got away, while the patriarch is still lying on the floor, and still managed to be the hero of the night. Then, to his embarrassment- but also his joy- Angelica's grandmother crosses herself and cries breathlessly "This is a sign from the high heavens!" The statement is met with murmurs of agreement, and repeated all across the room, then all across the house, and then- he hopes- all across the Capitol. He may very well have just won the election. The new president of Panem stares down at the man who could have been his doom, taking in the tubes that come from his nose, and the constant beep-beep of the machine. Now it's hard to imagine that Terence was something more than a bug, easily squashed. "He's stable," a doctor is explaining. "A little rest, and in a week he will be as good as new." "That's great," Angelica says shakily. As rocky as their relationship is, the thought of losing her father is absolutely unbearable; if it wasn't for Coriolanus, she would be totally lost. "When will we be able to visit him again?" Coriolanus- now President Coriolanus Snow- glances at her, and fights back the urge to say that he has far more important things to do than visiting her pathetic father every other day - especially taking into account that it's his fault Terence is there in the first place. Not to mention that if it wasn't for the poisoning episode, he wouldn't be president. He'd won so easily it was almost laughable- with Terence out of the way, and a very convenient discovery that one of the boys who had served the wine worked for another one of their opponents, Coriolanus's new status as a savior had granted him almost unanimous approval. By the time voting day came, people had practically forgotten the fourth candidate. What was his name again? "You can come back tomorrow," the doctor replies sympathetically. Angelica sighs, relieved. "We'll come back tomorrow, then. Thank you." She and Coriolanus begin walking out of the hospital room, his arm still around her shoulders. "Wait," he says, hiding his glove in his pocket, suddenly having a very childish urge, when they are already in the white hallway. Angelica looks up at him inquiringly with her big green eyes. "I think I forgot my glove. I'll be right back." "Okay." She doesn't even detect the lie. Poor girl, so worried about her father. Coriolanus enters the room, which is now empty- the doctor must have gone through the other door. He looks around, making sure no one is watching, before approaching Terence's bed and leaning forward, until his mouth is next to his ex-opponent's ear. "I win," he whispers. Then he straightens up, takes his glove out of his pocket and walks back to Angelica's side. She's waiting for him with a smile upon her lips, beautiful as usual- Coriolanus knows she'll be a wonderful wife. Actually, he's planning to propose as soon as her father leaves the hospital. But first he'll take that stupid Feed the Districts idea out of her mind. So, my idea was to keep President Snow in-character, while at the same time giving him some humanity (up to a certain point...), but I'm not sure if I managed to do it. What did you guys think? Thanks for reading! :)