one to say no to help! Go on," I whisper urgently He looks around again the gestures for me to follow him. He goes through a door at the back and disappears. I follow suit. Inside all I can see is green. It's a greenhouse for all kinds of poisonous and prosperous plants. He leads me to a corner where all other plants have been taken away. This plants has a giant stem. On top though is a huge bulb with gigantic razor sharp teeth. I shriek. "Don't worry , a bulbasaurus is only dangerous when it's awake. This one is constantly asleep though."he informs me. "Wow… it's extrodinairy!" I say to asure him I'm not scared. "Yes it is. 12 of these babies are placed strategically around the arena. One for each district" He sighs "If I were you kid, I would steer clear!" That I will do! The Capitol It's my first ever Hunger Games, so naturally I am very excited. It's the first time I have been allowed to watch anything besides the interviews and tribute tour. This year my favorite stylist once again was Pastille Ordenvoll. She's been a stylist for the Hunger Games since 19th. She's in style with her cotton candy pink skin and yellow hair. She's wearing Ashic designed clothes and sporting the Bloomsberry style comb over flip that she does every year. Pastille has always been my favorite stylist. My hero infact since a Hunger Games stylist is my ambition. She was what I followed in the magazines. Until the 56th Hunger Games began. This year I'm in love with district 7's stylist Opal Ganachinski. She's only 16 and being brand new she should have gotten District 12. I guess they liked her stuff though. I sure did. The way she pulled off those beautiful leaf frocks on Pine and Goergia. They were gorgeous. I have to admit Hagrid ,the brains of the two district 3 stylists, did a magnificent job with the mirrors tunics. But still Opal is the one to watch. For the interviews she did an amazing job with Georgia. From the start anyone could tell Georgia had spunk but was definatly not a girly girl. Opal gave Georgia a beautiful flowing lacy white skirt, a thick flowery pattern leather belt and forest green swoop neck top. She wore gladiator sandals that made her look down to earth. Then to add a little culture Opal let Georgia wear her district token. A pine green kerchief band over her long flowing golden orange hair. From then on I've been rooting for Opal and Georgia. Pine really didn't make an impression on me. But Georgia did. Mother, Father and Grandfather all say Astar from district 2 is sure fire. But I'm not sure. While Grandpa isn't allowed to have a favorite tribute I know his heart lies with Astar for these Games. I remember 6 years ago during the Quarter Quell Grandfather thought Abyss from district 1 was sure fire too. Turns out Presidents can be wrong. Haymitch of District 12 and yes, President Snow is my Grandfather. He disagrees with mother and father that this is my first hunger games. He actually went on rampage yelling at them that I always have been old enough. They didn't listen. So now that I'm 12(year you can be chosen as tribute) I can watch the Hunger Games like I please. Also being able to watch the Hunger Games has other strings attached. Finally I no longer have to carry the victor's crown. That is now my little sister Nina's job. My sister was born 8 months ago and can barely giggle. But as long as I don't have to do it anymore I'm happy. Yes it was fun to have my own stylist who dressed me up like a celebrity, but last time Jeneva went too far by dressing me up in an all gold poofy dress. Nina gets a similar dress this year too. I'm lucky I escaped the torture. Gorgen, my older brother, had to do the crown carrying before too. He says the Games are fantastic. I can't wait. Tonight they announce training scores. I am practically shaking in my boots! Who knew something as boring as a flashing number could be exciting. My television comes to life. The Capitol seal appears with the anthem of Panem just like I've heard it does during the actual Games. Claudius Templesmith and Ceaser Flickeman start tonight program with a few wise cracks and Jokes to get the audience warmed up. Then Ceaser says "Alright folks on to what you've been waiting for. District 1's training scores. First up Starch Mannisfeild." A picture the gorgeous District 1 tribute appears with a flashing 9 under it. It flashes for about 30 seconds before Ceaser says "Silky Doboenne" Silky receives a 9 also. He continues. Astar of district 2 gets a ten and Hastia gets a 9. Philis of 3 gets and eight and Elexir gets a lousy 5. Aqua and Jehosephat easily receive 10s. Navy of District 5 gets such a lousy mark I won't say it but Indigo gets her 7. Jibbina gets an 8 and Nagil has a 2. Josephine gets an 8 and Oswald gets a 6. Papyrus gets a 10 and Maine Ever Rose gets a 5. The brother and sister pair, Fiesta and Foress, both get 4s. 11 does somewhat badly and 12 does too. I forgot to mention what District 7 got. Pine Bludger receives a 7 and Georgia gets a 10! That little part of the games makes me sure my betting money is on the right girl! "See mother, father! Georgia is good!" "I can't deny that Sora, but Astar is just as good!" I can't deny that either Pronunciation Guide Astar - Ahhh-STAR Agila-Ahhh- Jee- Lha(lha has a breathy sound) Claudius-Clow- DEE-us Jayhosephat-Jay-hose(garden hose)-ahh –fat Hastia- Haste-ee-A Philis-Phill-iss Jibbina-Jib-eh-NA Maine- sounds like main as in main street Foress-For-iss Nagil-NA-gille Mooj-MOO-ge Sora- Soar-ahhh Maceller- M-ahhh-sell-Er