both he and she wanted to spend their last night together as possible , because they loved and wanted to enjoy those last moments of happiness together. Both Finnick and Annie slept without nightmares, the brunette 's head was resting on his bare chest Finnick when the first rays of sun coming through the window below . Finnick Annie woke gently. They watched the sunrise both awake , embracing in bed, until he entered a avox with breakfast, this was surprised to see the couple together in the room , left the breakfast and left he had come . The couple had breakfast together, although no words were devoted only a few last glances of love and concern for others . How do couples who are truly in love . The copper left the room about noon, while a lump forming in his throat. Do not say goodbye , because both Finnick and Annie were sure she would . I had to go back. Finnick was sure it would . While all mentors were heading to the exclusive room for them, folded and television screens so they could continue their tributes to the second , Finnick went to the only place where he could feel safe and isolated from all the madness , apart from the arms of Annie. Water . The huge tub of her room was filled with a lot of white foam and with the heat on full blast , and went up to bury his chin. The noise was impenetrable underwater, so Finnick loved , felt better in the water than out of it . When the water was cold enough and the foam disappeared when the fingertips of paths seemed salted raisins Finnick , Finnick decided to leave the water. I had no idea how long he had been lying , but enough to dream of a future with Annie. Beside a future without games without nightmares , perhaps with a chubby and adorable baby in the arms of the woman who was the life of Finnick . The sun was pniendo , leaving an orange sky worthy of being portrayed , the noise was distant as Finnick had blunt ears and could not hear the screams of people who would enjoy this cruel spectacle. Finnick while another pair of pants and a shirt to keep warm and the water was put Maggs an ecstatic burst into the room . It came at a run , trying to catch his breath , Finnick knew what was happening. - Annie. The copper voice broke, the lump in his throat was fired at his legs , and ran into the living mentors. People leaving in its wake stopped to look at Finnick , whispering things . Things like the name Annie. What had happened to Annie? Then saw Finnick . Annie. Annie was at the entrance of the building of training, with a white sheet over their shoulders, catching herself. Finnick even stopped to think that for her there, all I could think was ejn embrace it, to check it was real, that Annie , their Annie , had survived the Games. The impact of the bodies of the lovers in the embrace was immense , so much that they ended up lying on the ground . Finnick knew then that they had succeeded , that his little girl was with him , who had survived . Their lips met with both the strength of Annie seemed that time stopped . - Annie Finnick whispered , a rebellious tears out of her eyes. My Annie. I knew , I knew you'd come back to me. - Finnick ... - I love you Annie. I love you more than anything in this world. I love you , I love you and I love you . - You too ... Then everything fell apart . Annie had a flashback, the flashback that mark for life: Mich 's head being severed from the body of this in the eyes of Annie , accompanied the earthquake that tripped the other taxes . The cries of these entered the head of Annie , who put his hands to his ears , trying to stay away from reality, and screamed with all her might . Finnick knew it was. The Hunger Games will not proclaimed winner , but loser. A Finnick had cost him not only the death of his family and his closest friends, but he had become a favorite prostitute of President Snow, who used the body Finnick how and when wanted. No, they were no winners , only survivors. And now , just lost Finnick Annie. No, Finnick could not allow that, could not remove what he most loved and craved on earth. So firmly hugged Annie and reassured until the images of dead people and screaming were erased from the mind of Annie , at least for a few seconds. After that, Annie was crowned winner. Finnick took several sexual favors to let Annie get back to District Four . To Annie , everything about the Games or the Capitol had ended. But not just start Finnick . But he did not care . Every time Annie had one of his attacks, and even Finnick Maggs herself was there to help her. Finnick visit the Capitol each bit, Snow requirements , but once had a hole would immediately next to Annie. Because not only Annie Finnick needed for your nightmares. Annie Finnick needed in his life, he was crazy or not, Finnick was in love with her and did not care all faults. Because I was in love , Annie was his mermaid, the sea where he could swim and forget everything , Annie was her happiness. Some continue wondering why Finnick was in love with that crazy girl. Maybe it was because love is. Love drives us crazy. At all . My first fic in the world of Finnick and Annie. Hope you like it . Lucy .