The butterflies in my stomach have all died, and all that's left is emptiness. No. No. It's not happening. Becca makes her way to the stage, escorted by Peacekeepers, and I find myself screaming. Tears flood down my cheeks and adrenaline pumps through my system as I hear someone's voice screech the words, "I volunteer!" All of a sudden, all eyes are on me. A camera spins around and locks on my face. What happened? Then I realize the truth. The voice was mine. I didn't even know I was saving her life when I yelled those two words. I volunteer. "In her place. As a tribute," I state, trying to sound emotionless, but my voice betraying me by breaking. "I volunteer." I stare at the ground, unable to face the cameras, the eyes of Panem, the faces of my family and friends. My brother. I chance a look over to where my family stands, and I see my mother, so delicate, so vulnerable, leaning over the rope to see my face, my father, no longer the strong, brave man I once knew, but shaking from emotion, and Layon. Little Layon. My little brother, so impressionable. He looks at me quizzically, but more than that, he's hurt by my choice, then he turns and tears through the crowd, running in the opposite direction. I almost break when I see his hovercraft lying, cracked and battered, on the ground at my parents' feet. I turn my head toward the stage, where Mister Capitol is standing, wide-eyed, and Becca stares at me, shocked. Then I look towards the boys' section, where Nic is holding onto other boys' shoulders, pale and about to faint, subtle lines of tears constantly streaming down his cheeks. I crack when I see him like that. Broken. I put my face in my hands and weep as the Peacekeepers lead me toward the stage and Becca away from it. She screams something incomprehensible and tries to tear herself out of the Peacekeepers' grasp, and I have the overwhelming urge to run to her, comfort her, hold her and tell her everything is going to be okay. But I can't. And that's what kills me. By this time, I'm on the stage, standing next to Capitol Man who says, "Well, well, well! What do we have here?" I stare out at the audience of my fellow Three residents, then into the camera and the eyes of Panem that are watching me and will be watching me. I try to look as strong and confident as I can, but the screen to my left, which shows my image, reveals to me the face of a sociopath on the verge of insanity and hysteria. "What's your name, Love?" Capitol Man asks me. I open my mouth, but no sound comes out. I try to get out anything, even one word, but nothing escapes my lips but a sound similar to that of a mouse that has been stepped on. I see Nic pass out in the distance. I suddenly smile and think that I'll have to bring up that unmanly act later, but then it dawns on me that there will be no "later". I can feel myself lose color. A murmur spreads through the crowd as I pull myself together enough to say, "Seth Bexley." "Seth! What a wonderful name!" Capitol Man smiles artificially and continues, "Now, for your male tribute." His hand wanders around in the ball before choosing a slip that reads, "Nicholas Patterson." I almost had a heart attack when I heard "Nicholas", but I was relieved when I heard the last name. Wait... I know that name. The Pattersons live in the factory portion of town. Nicholas is a year older than me, but he can't do hardly anything but work in a factory. I can take him down easy. Woah. Wait. Did that really just cross my mind? Am I already planning the demises of my competitors? I decided to file that under "freak out about later". For now, I have other worries. Like what the hell I am going to do. The Patterson boy makes his way to the stage as silence falls in the crowd. My gaze moves to a family that stands out among the dismal faces of Three: the Pattersons, the mother crumpling into a heap on the ground, the father, putting on a facade of strength while his eyes tell me even from my distance that he is about to shatter, and a little girl about five or six years old in a dark pink dress, chestnut brown hair falling to her waist, with an uncomprehending look on her face. She seems so perfect, beautiful and pristine, like Becca was when I met her. My heart cracks in half when I realize that the beautiful little girl with the pink dress may not get her brother back, that she may not even remember him except for any outstanding memories of two siblings who love each other. Or he might come back, alive and well, bringing joy and honor and wealth to his family, while my family suffers from the loss of a child. Neither party wins in this case. Capitol Man's booming voice breaks me out of my trance and says, "District Three, your tributes for the Seventy-Third Annual Hunger Games!" Usually, a scattered applause is heard from the crowd, but no sound can be heard except for the sobbing of family members, Becca's distant wailing, and Nic's screams that remind me of a cat that has been shot. I die inside. Everybody in Three knows me or Nicholas Patterson. It's a hit to everybody, as opposed to other years when not as many people knew the tributes. Nobody knows what to do now. Nicholas Patterson and I shake hands and are led off the stage by Peacekeepers to the sound of silence, once the sound of peace, now the sound of my imminent demise. The sound of the silence.