then." With this, Katniss turns to leave and before he knows it, Peeta catches her arm and pulls her back towards him. His heart thumps painfully in his chest at the thought of her leaving and never coming back, and he does the only thing he can think of to make her stay. He kisses her. It's bittersweet. The feel of her soft, plush lips under his, the warmth of her tongue at it sweeps across his bottom lip. The taste of her mouth, the playfulness of her tongue as they wrestle for dominance. He lets her win. He always does. They're both panting when they pull apart, gasping for breath. "I pictured you. I always picture you." He assures her before pushing her against the wall and leaning down to claim her lips once more. That night had been the start of everything. Due to the distraction in the form of Delly, it takes Peeta nearly twice the time it would have done to get back home, and by the time he returns to the Victors Village it's already mid-morning and he feel ready to explode. His dick throbs desperately in his pants as it strains against the zipper painfully. He practically trots up the porch steps and into the house, kicking it closed with his foot making a bee-line straight for the stairs. Pulling at the fabric of his shirt to un-tuck it from the waistband of his jeans, he yanks it up and over his head, discarding it haphazardly. He makes work of his belt, kicking his shoes off as he climbs the stairs, tripping once on his way up in the process and finally manages to shove his pants to his ankles, steps out of them and leaves them in a pile in the hall. His boxers tent dramatically, the tip of his penis peaking out of the top. He runs his hand over his length almost reverently and mutters "I know, buddy" quietly to himself. Stopping only to retrieve his prize of the morning, the simple white cotton panties that are the cause of his need, he unceremoniously shuts the bedroom door with a slam before collapsing onto the bed with a heady groan of relief. Setting Katniss's panties to one side, he leans over to the bedside drawer, retrieving the lotion hidden there, and pumps a generous amount into his palm before replacing the bottle back into its hiding place. Shuffling out of his boxers hurriedly, he smoothes his lubed hand from base to the tip of his cock once, twice, and finally palms it gently in his grasp, a hiss escaping his lips at the sensation. His eyes roll into the back of his head momentarily. Snatching up the panties in his free hand, he brings them to his face, burying his nose in the sweet scent of sex and Katniss. His head falls back against the headboard with a thump as a deep moan rises in his throat. His balls tighten in agreement. She smells so delicious. His mouth waters and he inhales deeply, wanting to take her essence and keep it inside. Pumping his hard cock slowly, he imagines what it would be like to taste her. To spread her long lean legs out and expose her glistening folds to him like an offering, to bury his face at her apex and drink from her like she's the finest wine. His tongue peaks out to taste the tang left from her nether lips and he utters a string of profanities at her taste. His mind plays on a loop as he imagines lapping at her sweet pussy, tasting her juices first hand. He wants to devour her. The thought causes him to groan loudly, his hips thrusting up to meet his hand as he tightens his fist around his aching dick. Moisture beads at the tip and he flicks his thumb over it, gasping at the feeling as he rubs it into the head. Closing his eyes, he lets his mind wander to the other things he wants to do to her. He imagines Katniss on her knees in front of him, her pretty little mouth, those plump, luscious lips wrapped around his cock as she takes all of him in, his tip hitting the back of her throat. Her silver eyes flash as she stares up at him, and he grips her head in his hands, threading his fingers through her hair as he slowly fucks her mouth. "Oohh, fuckkk, " Peeta moans, his fist pumping rapidly. The familiar tingle in the base of his spine tells him that he's close; his hips thrust up to meet his hand with force now, slightly choppy and erratic. His balls tighten as his entire body tenses, and in a last ditch attempt at milking his pleasure, he sucks the crotch of Katniss's panties into his mouth, his mind running wild with the image of her on top of him, her thighs on either side of his face as she grinds her delicious pussy into his mouth. His tongue laps helplessly at the lingering taste of her and he screams into the underwear, his orgasm hitting him hard. Several minutes pass as he pants, coming down from the high of one of the most intense orgasms he's ever had. He reaches under the mattress and cleans himself up with the towel stashed there before walking to the closet. There, he bends and pushes at the base, watching as the faux bottom shifts and slides to the side. He drops in the panties and then sits back, taking a moment to admire his collection. He's up to thirteen now, he recalls, and the smile the graces his face is nothing short of mischievous. Sliding the panel back into place, he closes the closet and sets to work getting redressed. With one last glance at the closet before he heads out the door, a laugh escapes him. Whoever knew he'd have a fetish for panties?