going for a theme to match our district. To me, the blue just makes it look like she's been holding her breath for too long. Her dress is long and covered in what looks like reflective scales of all different colors. They almost look like precious jewels. In all my years on the beach I've never seen a real live fish with scales that bright. She smiles wide before speaking into the microphone. "Welcome, District 4, to The 90th Annual Hunger Games!" Her enthusiasm is matched with a roar from the crowd. "I know you're all just as eager as I am to see who our lucky competitors will be this year." She says with a thick Capitol accent. "Time for the boys." She reaches her hand in the bowl of slips slowly, as if it actually matters who get picked. Everyone knows that whoever goes in won't be the owner of the name she draws. "Reed Coelho!" She shouts triumphantly. I don't even have time to look around for who reacts before my hand shoots up in the air. "I volunteer!" I practically scream. Heads are always turned towards the front section of teenagers, where the older ones stand. Where I stand. That's where volunteers typically come from. If anyone in the crowd wasn't looking at me before, they definitely are now. I can feel it. I can feel my heart beating faster than I knew it could go, and as a result I can feel my face heating up and turning red. I see Navia's eyes locked on me and then I feel my legs moving me closer to the stage. At the top, I immediately search the crowd for Madeline's face and quickly give up when I see the sheer size of the crowd from higher ground. It's almost like it's grown since I shouted. "And what is your name?" Navia asks excitedly as she reaches to shake my hand. "My name is Marlin Noble, and it's going to be an honor to represent District 4 this year." The rehearsed line falls from my mouth and sounds the same as it did when I first perfected it. I peer into the crowd of boys in front of me, finding nearly as many scowls from the other trainees as I see smiles from everyone else. "And it will be an honor to be your escort." the blue woman in front of me chimes in. The crowd claps again, though less loudly than the times before. The jealousy from all the other academy boys definitely shows. "Now it's time for the girls." Navia moves over to the other bowl full of paper slips. Nearly the exact same way as before, she pulls out a girl's name. "Piper Ringer" I don't recognize the girl's name either, but I don't have long to think about it before a hand shoots up from the group of 16s. "I volunteer as tribute!" It sounds more shrill than courageous. I see heads turn toward the noise and find her quickly. She's short, probably about 5 foot 4. It's not often we get volunteers younger than 17 either. Why did they choose her? I've never even noticed her at the academy either. She shares strikingly similar features to our most recent victor, Siren, but looks significantly weaker. Their hair is the same color and is styled wavy, pushed to the side. Did this girl dye her hair? When she gets up to the stage, she looks even smaller somehow. Maybe it's the fact that I stand over half a foot taller than her. "Would you like to introduce yourself to our viewers?" Navia prods. "Yes I would, thank you. I'm Ciera Black." I'm shocked that she doesn't share Siren's last name. Apparently she's just trying to look like her. Boring. There's no way she can work well with what's already been done when she gets to the Capitol. I discover that her voice isn't shrill because she's nervous, she's perfectly calm. I should be glad that I'm so much stronger than my district partner since I'll have less competition, but in this district it can also be a death sentence. It's kind of an unspoken rule that volunteers from districts 1, 2, and 4 stick together. It's why our districts win so often. Rogue volunteers hardly ever come back. I'm so angry with the academy for picking such a pathetic teammate for me, but I still smile for the cameras. I have to be likeable and I'm lucky that the audience can't see how hard I'm clenching my teeth. "What a lovely name." our escort compliments her. Is she being serious? I can't tell. "Let's all give a warm welcome to our tributes, Marlin Noble, and Ciera Black!" Navia grabs mine and Ciera's hand and lifts them up in the air. We bow together and the sounds from the audience are deafening. I can still hear them cheering as we all walk into the doors of the Justice Building. The games haven't even begun and all I think about as I'm escorted to my waiting room is how much I'm already set back by district partner. I did everything I was supposed to. Unbelievable. I don't deserve this. Hi, technically this is my first fic I've uploaded. I kind of attempted the same one almost a year ago but it suuucked so I lost motivation. I have since tweaked a lot of details and I'm feeling a lot more confident about this one. Pls leave reviews. I swear I'm finishing this one to the very end. I might also start an SYOT on the side if I feel I'm able to. Also, I have a loose storyline planned out for this one but it's easy to change things as I go along, so if you wanna submit a tribute or character that you would like to see in this story (or any others that could come up) just pm me c: I hope you enjoy