everyone came by and shook Peeta's hand. We were both smiling, not because of the partnership, but because of our plan. …. Peeta' POV We got home late Sunday afternoon. We unpacked our luggage and Katniss threw our dirty clothes in the laundry. "Come in the studio, honey. I want to show you something." "What, babe?" "You'll see." I opened my laptop and watched it boot up. I double clicked on my Cayman Island bank page. I logged in and turned it so she could see it. "Look at that balance." "Oh my god, honey!" "For ten years, I've been putting all of my bonuses in it. It's like our retirement account. The signing bonus I get tomorrow will go in it too." "I had no idea there was that much there." "I knew you weren't watching it. I was going to wait till it was time to go back home and show it to you. After what happened this weekend, I thought you should see it now. It's time to go home." A big smile appeared on her beautiful face. "I guess I'll just have to reward you for that. If I recall correctly...I still owe you a blowjob." She dropped to her knees and took my cock out. She proceeded to suck all the chrome off my ball hitch. After, I pick her up and took her to our room where I fucked her until we passed out from exhaustion. Monday morning at about ten I showed up at Seneca's office. Glimmer was at her desk. "Hi Glimmer. I think Seneca wants to see me today." "Hi, Peeta. Yes he does. You can go right in." "Ummm, you have a little ahh ummm… on corner of you mouth." She licked the little dribble of cum off her lip. She looked at me and blushed a deep crimson. "Oh my. That's embarrassing." "Don't worry. It'll be our little secret." Slut . With that, I walked into Seneca's office. "Mellark, the man of the hour! Come in and sit. First, I want to welcome you to the bigs." "Thanks, Seneca. It's quite an honor. I'm sure you won't be disappointed. I intend to do my best for you." I hoped it was the most sincere hand job I'd ever given. "So, let's get down to business. I already had disbursing the signing bonus to the account where we sent all of you other bonuses. All that's left if some paperwork. This one is your copy releasing you from your current contract. No need for you to sign it." He handed me a official looking document. I glanced at it and put it in my briefcase. "This one is your new contract. Look it over and sign at the bottom under my signature." I pretended to look it over all three pages intently. I nodded now and then showing interest. At the bottom in the space for my signature I carefully signed: 'Elvis Presley.' I thought to myself; 'Elvis is in the house.' I stood up and held out my hand. "Thanks again, Seneca. This is really an honor. Now, I'm going to look up a travel agency and book a week in the Bahama's." "Great idea, Peeta. We'll see you back here next Monday, ready to hit it hard." "Monday for sure, unless I fall I love with the Bahama's." He chuckled "Goodbye, and say hi to your lovely wife." Asshole. I forced a smile. "I'll surely do that. Goodbye." I turned and walked out. In the parking lot I connected to the company Wi-Fi and checked my account. The money was there. I let out a war hoop and drove off. Anyone looking at me as I drove home would have thought I was doing an impression of a Cheshire Cat. I had a grin on my mug a mile wide. When I pulled into the driveway, Katniss came running out. "I can tell by the big grin that everything went off without a hitch." "It sure did, babe. Elvis is now a junior partner with Capitol Investments." "Well everything is packed, and the movers are coming first thing tomorrow morning." I took her by the waist rising her from the ground and start spining on my feet laughing with happiness "We're going back home" We kissed and she slid down my body. A mischievous look on her face. "The timing couldn't be better, and your mother will be so happy." She said. I looked at her confused. "I'm pregnant." … Our daughter Lilly was born home, in Dustrict Twelve on a beautiful April day. When Seneca found out that I had played him, he went ballistic. He even threatened to sue me for breach of contract. But he had nothing. He had released me from my previous contract and I never really sign the new one. We were alone in the office that day and there were no witnesses. During that week he had diched Glimmer for another Barbie wannabe called Cashmere, and she would never serve as his witness. Moron. I also treathened to accuse him of blackmailing and harassment. We never heard from him again. I knew that Cato achieved his much desired promotion, but without me, the company lost a portfolio of important customers and were on the loose string. Katniss and I finally started living the life we wanted. We bought the house of our dreams, near the lake. My parents finally decided to retire to enjoy their first grandchild, the first girl in the Mellark clan in two generations, and I took over the bakery. Katniss still teaches, she got a transfer to D-12 middle school and spends her free time hunting with her cousin in the woods and taking care of our Lilly. And I'm doing what I grew up loving to do. Life couldn't be better. … Hey there! Just having a little fun with our beloved Everlark. This is a one shot piece. I hope you liked it. XOXO Lizzyvb