"Katniss, you're beautiful." His fingers secure some strands of hair behind her ear. Her arms sneak around his waist. "And you're devilishly charming." He chuckles again, leaning in, and stops shortly before her lips. "May I kiss you now, again?" Katniss can't stop laughing out loud, at the same time tightening her grip on him. "I'll allow it." And before she loses herself completely to the feeling of their kiss, Katniss makes a mental note to send Madge the biggest bouquet in the history of flowers. xXx Two Years Later Exhaustion nearly overwhelms her. With a sigh she leans against the closed door and takes a deep breath. Vogue pays good money, but after years of frequently working for them she also knows why: some supermodels can be a serious pain. Good thing that by now Katniss is a well enough known photographer that she doesn't have to take all of their shit anymore. Still, the shoot takes longer than she anticipated. At least the pictures she gets are really good. But she's looking forward to having some time off now. A loud hiss makes her open her eyes. Buttercup, her sister's ugly orange cat, stares at her, and because she's had an exhausting day Katniss simply stares back. She could swear the cat raises a bored eyebrow before it turns around and strolls back in the direction of the living room. Katniss glares at the retreating form. "I hate you, you ugly beast." "Well, thank you, babe. I love you, too." Peeta steps out of the office down the hall and walks over to her. Katniss ignores his teasing and gives him a short peck. "If Prim ever asks us to look after this devil-cat again, she can go sit on a tack." "You're overreacting," he smirks before they step together into the living room. "Am not," Katniss grumbles, but lets herself get distracted by the delicious smell coming from the table. Buttercup isn't worth all of this attention. "It smells like pizza from Sae's . With pepperoni and mushrooms." She turns to him with a soft smile. Only now does she realize that she's starving . Her last meal had been breakfast, with only an apple somewhen in between. "You're way too good to me." "It arrived only a minute ago. Want a beer?" Katniss nods and sinks down on the couch. A moment later Peeta returns from the kitchen, holds out a cold bottle to her and takes a sip from his own as he sits down beside her. He opens the box on the table and grabs a piece. After she swallowed nearly half the bottle, she takes another deep breath and feels all the stress leave her shoulders. "I'm glad we're going to have some time off now. It feels like we haven't really seen each other the last couple of weeks." Katniss shifts and cuddles into his side, taking a bite when he offers his slice. Peeta wraps his arm around her shoulders and presses a kiss to her temple. "I picked up the tickets today, so we're set. I'll drive over to Finnick's around noon tomorrow." She frowns. "But he won't get you stupid drunk tomorrow, right? If you're hung over the next day I swear to god your best friend will father no more children." Katniss loves Finnick to bits and pieces, but his ability to get Peeta and himself in trouble at the most inconvenient times is extraordinary. She and Annie - Finnick's wife - could sing a song about it. Peeta laughs out loud and promises that they'll behave. He grabs another slice and offers it to her. She takes it from him and starts to eat. For a couple minutes they quietly enjoy their pizza. "Madge and Prim probably will be here before the break of dawn on Friday. Your parents arrive around lunch. We'll meet the rest directly at the city clerk's office about half an hour before we have our appointment." "Good," Katniss nods and munches on another slice. "When's the flight again?" "Noon the following day," Peeta replies and swallows a bite of his own. They fall into another comfortable silence. When their bottles are empty and the whole pizza is eaten, they clean their fingers with a wet wipe and she cuddles back into Peeta's side. Her head rests on his shoulder and she closes her eyes, enjoying the feeling of him running his fingers through her hair. This is the best part after a busy day: relaxing with Peeta. With a drawn-out sigh Katniss finally turns her gaze and looks up at him. "Organizing this wedding was way simpler than Prim and Rory's, let me tell you," she snickers, and nuzzles his neck. Takes in the scent of him and once again thanks heaven and the stars for Peeta's patient soul. Especially when it comes to her and her temper. "Thankfully we're both not keen on rehearsal dinners with a hundred people around. Although, the location would've been nice," Peeta muses playfully. "You mean a garden?" she inquires, being fully aware that's not what he meant at all. He's talking about Italy, about her uncle and aunt's estate. About the vineyards, and the olive groves, and the fields upon fields of lavender, poppy and mirasols. He's talking about where they'll be in about three days time. She knows all of that, but likes to pretend otherwise. Only to make him say something cheesy and corny, which he knows will make her roll her eyes, but which they both secretly enjoy. Peeta leans down and kisses her. Deep, and thorough, and with so much love Katniss wants to burst with happiness. She's the luckiest woman on earth. When they eventually part, Katniss smiles softly at Peeta, looking forward to spending all of her future with him. Starting a family. Growing old together. He beams at her and doesn't disappoint. "Not simply a garden, no. But where everything started, of course: Tuscany, my love ." FINE