He stops to catch his breath and then continues "You will also be going outside every day for a walk with me for a couple of hours so that I could see if you have progressed or not, because after three months, if you have not, you are going back into hospital.|" He looks at me hard for a while to see what I would say but the only thing I do say is "Where is my say in this?" And to that Haymitch and Gale just laughed, which I didn't understand why. Although it was probably because I didn't have a say in anything. So for the rest of the day I was introduced to the doctor (Hector Loncrow) and had my first session with my therapist (Darren Thomas, who was actually really nice). The session went a bit weird, because I don't usually speak my feelings. I used to, but only to Finnick, my Finnick. So I didn't really know what I would say, and I guess I was a bit cold to Darren. Here is something what the session went like. "So Annie, I'm here to try and help you, but I want you to remember one thing; not everybody can get help." "I already know I can't be helped, why are you here?" "Annie, you're going to have to trust me if you want me to help you, because I'm going to have to know everything, from the very beginning." "From the very, very beginning? Like when I got selected to participate in the bloody games? Or was it when I went crazy afterwards? Oh wait no, it's going to be when I found out that the love of my life had to go back into the games isn't it? Wait I was wrong, you want me to tell you how 'hurt' I was when he got god damn eaten!" This is when he looked at me understandingly. It was such a look, that I thought he had been through exactly the same thing! But then, he was back to the therapist self, and said "Annie, I'm going to need your cooperation if you want me to help you." "I don't want your help" I say. But he's one of the people like Gale who won't take no for an answer. "Imagine I'm Finnick-" "BUT I CAN'T I MAGINE YOU'RE FINNICK BECAUSE HE'S DEAD ISN'T HE?" I shout from the top of my lungs. That doesn't break him though (obviously) he was trained to be patient, even with the craziest people. "Okay, then imagine I'm someone you care about, someone you trust who you can tell anything to, someone who's not Finnick, because as you pointed out, he isn't with us anymore." I decided I would try, for the sake of it because I and remembered I would be back in hospital if I didn't get better. For some reason, when I tried, the only person I could think about was Gale, I tried for a couple of minutes to think of anyone else, my sister maybe, but no, Gale was the only person. "Okay" I say calmly. "I'm ready." "Now imagine I've just asked you how you've been feeling ever since Finnick died." This wasn't easy, because I hadn't told anyone, and I hadn't been expecting to for a good while, but I had to try. " I-I" I tried to begin, but straight away Darren saw that was too much to ask for at the beginning. "Okay, that was too much. Try and remember how you felt when you first got chosen for The Hunger Games and what you were feeling." This was a bit easier so I started quicker. "I, I remember being shocked. Everyone was silent, and the world stopped moving for a minute. But then I heard my older brother gasp out 'no' and I was brought back to life. I started screaming and shouting, and not want to go, not caring that I was being disgraceful to my district. I was full of adrenaline and my heart was beating fast and I started running, thinking I might be able to escape it if I did run. But obviously, as soon as I started the guards caught me and carried me to the stage where I was to shake hands with the boy from my district; Connor Tuke. I didn't really know him, because he was three years older than me, and he looked so big and strong. He was always the popular guy at school, always the one who got the girls. I shook his hand even though i was shaking all over. T-The only person to come and see my was my brother, because my mother died when I was younger, and my father had no care in the world wether I lived or died. To him, I was just another person who he had to pay for, so he was probably pretty glad that I was leaving. Too soon, my brother had to go and I was on the train, where I ate nothing, and just lay on my bed for the whole journey, thinking about what had happened. Obviously when I got there I built myself up, because I told myself I was going to win, going to win for myself and my brother, because without me he would be lost. Even though he was older, I had always been older in the mind, he always seemed so lost." I stopped and realised that was the only person I had ever told about anything apart from Finnick and started crying. However Darren needed to hear more, so he asked "and what happened to your brother?" "H-he died of starvation whilst I was in t-the games because he was p-positive I wasn't going to survive." Which was all I was able to croak out, and I think Darren understood that because he sighed, put a hand on my shoulder and muttered "Thats enough for today" and walked out.