get what he wants to say. Just looking at him shirtless and seated on this bed makes me want to do things to him that I didn't know I would ever want to. Like licking his abs throughout, or sucking on his nipples. "It's okay. We can do it without a condom." I say, apparently unable to resist my hormones even though my head is telling me it is not a really good idea. Peeta's eyes widens. "Are you sure about it?" he asks. "I want you to feel safe, you know?" "Yeah, sure." "Okay, um... I've been tested last month and I'm clean. I haven't had sex since then." I realize just now what Peeta was concerned about, and God if it is awkward. I mean, it's not every day that I discuss about possible STDs with my arch-nemesis. But it's not every day that I let him make me come using only his mouth and fingers either. So, I have to suck it up. We are adults, doctors, for God's sake. And we want to have sex. With each other, apparently. "Um.. I've been tested sometimes last year. But you know that I've... not been... active for a long time." "So I'll just... pull it out." "Yeah." I swallow. "I-I'm on the pill, just so you know." Peeta looks confused. "Really? But you said you haven't had sex in eight years." "Not a good reason to get off the pill. Now shut up so we can get this started." Peeta grins seductively. "As you wish." He pulls me down to sit on his lap and his lips crash over mine. Never breaking the kiss, I move to straddle him, his covered erection now directly where I want it. I grind down on him, rotating my hips with purpose. His hands grab my ass and help me move over him. A shiver goes through his body and he has to take a break. "Oh, God." I lick the milky-white skin of his neck and suck on his lobe. "No, Katniss." He grabs my thighs and, with a grunt, flips us over the bed so now I'm under him. Wordlessly, I help him move his trousers and boxer just enough to be out of the way. Then my hands grab a hold of his ass. The nurses were right. These are some hot buns indeed. Peeta fills me up in a fast stroke. It's been so long since the last time that it burns a little, and I have to wait a second to get used to the feeling of him inside me. But every possible discomfort is wiped away as he starts thrusting, sharp, deep slaps that make me slide up over the bed, slow, sensual caresses that bring me back to him. To quiet my moans, I latch my mouth at his shoulder, biting down. Peeta grunts into my ear and his thrusts grow in intensity and speed. I feel myself getting closer to the edge for a second time rapidly, Peeta's pelvic bone somehow pushing on my clit with every thrust in. I claw at his back, biting my lip to stifle my moans, growing in pitch the closer I get to the peak. I come suddenly, breathing out his name, the final 'a' sounding like a long, satisfied sigh. I whimper when he pulls out of me, but I can't really protest as I watch for the first time his expression when he comes. The slaked jaw, the slightly scrunched brow, the closed eyes. He is like a piece of art. Peeta rolls to the side and we lay here, side to side, watching the ceiling as we take our breath. "Whoa." I says after a while. "Yeah." He chuckles. "Will you tell me now why are you mad at me?" I'm confused by the sudden change of topic. "What?" "I know you're not really mad because you're not winning this thing the way you wanted. So why are you mad?" I glance at him from the corner of my eye. He is looking at me with a serious face that I've seen only in the OR before. The intensity in his eyes is so strong that I can barely look at him. But he is right. I'm not mad about not winning. There is something else that is disturbing me. It takes me a while to realize what it actually is. "I know what you can and can't do, Mellark. You're so good at what you do. And... when you said you were leaving Cardio for Pediatrics... It felt like you were running away, giving up on something you are really good at. And it made me think that, if someone as good as you gave up, what was keeping me from give up, too?" "That's bullshit." Okay, I wasn't expecting this reaction. "I'm sorry?" "That's bullshit." he repeats, turning on his side and propping his head on his hand. "There's nothing in this world that could make you give up on Cardio. It is your life mission. For me it's different." "What do you mean?" "I don't want to become a cardiothoracic surgeon. It was my mother's idea. And I couldn't actually tell her no, because... well, she's not the easiest person to deal with. But I got to a point where... I simply don't care about it anymore. I found something that I am passionate about, and I want to do this. So, I'm not really running away." These were details about Peeta's life that I never knew. Probably would never have if it hadn't been for this completely unexpected occurrence between us. I highly doubt I would have ever asked him about it. He suddenly smiles. "Hey, you know something?" Yet again another change of topic. Was he always like this? "What?" "You called me by name when you came." He bites his lip as he leans down towards me, visibly satisfied with himself. I groan and shove him. "Shut up, Mellark!"