my best friend. Our fathers used to work together at the shipyard, hauling off supplies on short voyages and fishing in their free time together. Since the time I could walk, I'd been stuck with Annie, our parents scooting us towards each other so we would play together while they worked. Sometimes we would be with our mothers in the net-making shop, other times in the large shipyard with our fathers. No matter where we were though, we were always together. When school came around, we walked the road every day side by side, even though we were two grades apart. After school, we would sit on the beach and I would teach her how to snare or spear fish, but only if she'd teach me another knot to practice tying afterwards. Day after day I watched her fragile hands expertly knot and tug her rope until she beamed at the finished product. At first, I didn't notice how beautiful she was. I was outgoing and witty; she was timid yet extremely insightful and a little sarcastic if you got to know her well enough. I think I was about thirteen, her eleven, when I finally noticed her beauty: her bright, sea-green eyes, her blonde waves, the way the sunlight glinted off her bronze skin and slender figure. And ironically, just a few months later, I lost her. For good. I knew things would change with the Games, but when I finally won, I just couldn't burden anyone with the situation at hand. She came to my family's funeral, and I knew she wanted me to tell her what was wrong. Why I was avoiding her. Why we weren't friends anymore. But I couldn't. Telling your best friend you're being forced into prostitution in order to keep those you still love alive isn't an easy thing to spit out. Even though I only was fourteen, I saw the way Capitol women looked at me and marveled at my cocky, smooth behavior that was supposed to all be appearance for my Games. All of that changed though when they started wanting me. They didn't care if I was a child, and to them, I grew up fast into a young, dashing man that would be lovely to have over for the night. Annie didn't necessarily understand that. And I never told her. I missed her every day, but these past five years, the Capitol has consumed my life so much that I hardly can recognize myself or my own thoughts. My life is a puppet string, tied to the Capitol, and I am whatever they want me to be. But whenever I'm at home, she comes back to my mind in fleeting moments. When I see a perfectly woven knot, or on days when the ocean seems to mimic her mesmerizing eyes. Now, I pity her and myself, wishing that I'd somehow had the courage to say something to her after I'd won the Games. Anything but the silence I gave her. But I guess it's too late for that now. I'm too wrapped up in the thought of Annie being reaped, with myself as her mentor, to even notice the boy tribute. I only catch his name. York Shell. Him I don't know at all. Then again, these past few years I've spent so much time in the Capitol that it doesn't surprise me I can't remember all these names of children from around the district. Next to me, Mags sighs as Annie and York shake hands. He looks almost excited, a smug sneer of confidence and determination on his face, and already I can tell he's a Career. Annie on the other hand, looks timid and frightened. Her sea-green eyes are wide, but I can tell she is trying to hide the fear. Something about that expression looks familiar to me, and I stare at her, trying unsuccessfully to get her eyes to meet mine so that she knows I understand what she's going through. I've seen that same pair of terrified eyes almost every year. I once wore that expression myself. The tributes are led into the wide doors behind us to say goodbye to family and friends. Mags and I don't get the chance to introduce ourselves as they're rushed off to their respective rooms, so we settle in to wait the hour out. I help Mags sit down on one of the worn green loveseats inside the door, and as I fiddle with my hands next to her, Mags rubs gentle circles on my back. Even though I haven't told her, she knows that Annie Cresta is more to me than just another tribute. She won't ask though unless I offer to tell her, which is one of the things I love about Mags. She never pushes you to do anything you don't want to. When we are finally boarding the train that will whisk us off to the Capitol, I notice Annie's puffy, red eyes widen in surprise at the rich foods and luxurious compartments, but she still doesn't make eye contact with me. York's of course are bright and untainted. Mags seems to be ready to fall asleep, and I myself could use a nice nap, or even better, a swim in the ocean. My father's sea, with the water slowly washing over my skin and eradicating the griminess and worthlessness that comes along with mentoring. The same sea that reminds me of home and how things used to be, before I won the Games and became known and loved by all the crazy women of the Capitol. The sea that on good days reminds me of Annie's eyes. I crave those blue waves that promise safety and security; that show me there is still some shred of innocent, untainted beauty somewhere out there in this unforgiving world. But as the train glides away, I watch my sea fade with a sinking feeling. This is going to be one hell of a long ride.