the middle of it, it had been a gift from Moon after our meeting. "I have never been more ready in my life." I say to her my voice sounding like the career I was born to be. My District was ecstatic when they found that I would be announcing the new 5th Fortune Twist this year along side President Moon, it would toss District 4 right into the ultimate betting pool and only be sending forth their best tributes from now on. Moon smiles at me and then walks up to the microphone that they have positioned on the balcony for the announcement of the twist. I follow her closely not wanting to miss anything that could potentially help me. "Capitolites! District Citizens! We welcome you to the announcement of the 145th Annual Hunger Games!" Moon says with her fake charisma and char that had originally allowed her to scale the social pyramid and eventually assume the role of President. The 5th Fortune had become the new Quarter Quell, except now it would be happening every 5 Hunger Games instead of every 25, for the Capitol Citizens it was a event more celebrated then any of the past Quarter Quells, and almost every Fortune an amazing twist was produced. On the 105th Hunger Games, a male tribute hailing from District 9 had been crowned Victor after eliminating half of the 24 and fighting alongside the twist of only being able to use hand to hand combat, in the 115th Hunger Games a boy from District 1 was able to come out on top after eliminating the playing field of 115 tributes and having a impressive amounts of 26 tributes dead by his hands, the 125th Hunger Games was one for the record books, it had sent in 7 tributes of the male and female gender and only allowing them to be related to at least one other tribute in the games, a boy from District 12 was able to win by killing her younger brother in the finale with a heart wrenching spear to the heart. In the 130th Hunger Game, the twist was to be played out as a game show, each time eliminating a player by choosing their deaths by votes, no physical hand to hand combat happened in the games, and a girl from District 2 managed to manipulate her way until the finale. And now it was time for the 145th Hunger Games. "May I be so proud to introduce Bay Rennes of Distract 4, Victor of the 145th Hunger Games!" Moon says in her fake voice before turning around to me and motioning to me to step forward. As I walk the few feet I can see my black dress rifling and sending off an elegant but fun look Kali had been aiming for. The audience goes wild applauding and cheering for me like I have become their new President. I hold up my gloved hand and they all go silent at once, not wanting to anger their new Victor. "The Hunger Games are here to show us mercy, hope, give us protection from one each another, and I am here to tell you they are worth it. Your children our Panems sacrifice, without them we would have crumbled with the traitors Katniss Everdean and Peeta Mellark had tried to rebel against us. We had crushed them and now we have even stronger reason to hold dear to our Capitol and its inhabitants." I pause letting them all soak it in, letting them hang on my every word. I look back at Moon and see her smiling, I turn my vision back to the balcony and the white pale envelope that sits on the ledge, sealed off with the official logo of Panem. "And now time for the reading," I announce as I hold up the card letting the cameras get a good look at it before lowering it back down. "Go ahead. " Moon whispers to me. I break the seal of the card and slip it out. "On the 145th Hunger Games District 1, 2, and 4 will be required to send twice as many tributes for being historically stronger. Districts 3, 6, and 12 will be required to send twice as many tributes for being historically weaker. And finally Districts 5, 7, 8, 9, 10, and 11 will only be sending the required two tributes for this year's annual Hunger Games." I finish reading the card and look up at the crowd and into the cameras for the people in the Districts watching at home. And I smile. Because nothing ever lasts forever… Welcome to the 145 th Annual Hunger Games, where 36 wonderful tributes from around Panem will fight to the death for our entertainment! I will be posting the Tribute submission guide on my profile so make sure you check that out! And just to let everyone know, this will not be a story where you are able to reserve spots and such. I would also prefer if you do submit a tribute and they were to get accepted I would really appreciate it if you didn't just stop reviewing, so maybe you can give me a follow and a favorite :D. I had another SYOT that I had been able to get fairly far on though I had deleted the story because I was no longer motivated to write b/c lack of reviewers and other things so PLEASE THIS IS THE GOLDEN RULE! If you even think about submitting a tribute for this story be prepared to review otherwise I will kill your tribute before the Official Games even start. Okay thanks! Now if you would all b so kind to answer this questions that I put below :D -What do you think of the chapter? -Are you thinking about submitting? -Do you like my twist? -How do you think I can improve this story already? -Other? (feel free to add any extra things too) ~Living in Ruins~