was the only way to get meat. Her father had started to teach her when she was to twins age, and starvation had made her good, really good. She dear not show her skill anywhere that someone could see. The peacekeepers might see it as training against them and she had already had one family member whipped till he died at the post in the middle of town. Her cousin displaying the same skill she had shown earlier. Johanna waited for her family to finish their portions of food, despite what her parents had whispered this morning she wouldn't take any food from their mouths. "Eat Joey, here have some more" her mother coaxed. "Don't mum I feel sick already, give it to Cam or the boys." her mother sighed after 5 years she should know the routine by now, I don't eat she coaxes, I still don't eat. For the first time her mother did not try again she just sat and waited with her. Food eventually finished they headed for the square, dishes would wait until the reaping was over. It was the same every year they walked to the town square around 10 am, and mill around catching up with friends, family used to come to but there weren't any now. After her cousin had died his mother slit her own throat, the peacekeepers used it as an excuse to hang her dad's brother for murder. They knew that Elm had to learn that skill somewhere and by killing his parents the evil drones thought they had weeded them out. Johanna hated it, it just reminded her of her cousin, and the girls section looked right at the post where he had died. Every year since she was 13 she stared at that stupid post and watch her mirror image scream himself to death, and every year in made her look weak because she cried. Elm could have been her twin they were born just a few months apart, and he matched her in every way. Curling black hair, dark green eyes, skinny limbs, red lips that had been full of blood due to him biting his tongue from pain. Around 3 pm the head peacekeeper started shouting for them to file into the pens. Like pigs to a slaughter, they line us up to die and every year I get closer to the post she thought, she always stood at the back of her age group hoping that she wouldn't have to see it. The escort walked onto the stage, his stupid dog in a bag under his arm, Palatine Gordon smiled, he dyed himself blue but changed the colour of his suit every year. This year he wore an awful shade of orange that clashed with his skin and hair horribly. The mayor some fat old man gave the usual speech about previous games and then introduced the previous victors, for such a poor district they had a few, Johanna always assumed it was because of the extra rations they received so they could continue cutting the trees. This year 3 of the five sat in stage, Seed Swint the old woman who won nearly 50 years ago. Bark Trou he won by burning down the arena, Barking Mad they called him now, he spent most of his time locked in his house, and Camellia Trou his sister she won the year Cam was born, she spent most of her time trying to keep Barking from burning things down. As the major concludes his speech Blight pushes onto the stage and sits down. The final victor won't make it he's been dying for several months now of a wasting disease. Palatine walks up to the stage and begins the history of Panem spiel that he goes through every year it follows along with a film in the background, Johanna tunes it out, it's the same guilt about the rebellion every year. Just as the film finishes the crowd shifts Johanna get a full view of the whipping post, and the tears begin, by the time Palatine giggles in his effeminate voice "ladies first" tears a running rivers down her face, she can see Elm screaming his death. "Johanna Mason" the girlish chime comes, she freezes. The crowd turns to her, but she can't move, eventually peacekeepers come and lead her to the stage. Tears still pouring from her eyes, her nose running, Johanna thinks about how weak she looks walking to her death. Fine she decides as she ascends the Justice building stairs let's play this to my favour let them think I'm weak. She slumps to the ground on her side of the stage, kneeling she lets the grief of her cousin overcome her, her body begins to shake as she sobs in to her hands. Palatine stares at her with pity, Johanna smiles into her hands, its working. Palatine pulls another slip from the other glass bowl "Alder Pavi" his voice breathy as the boy walks to the stage. He is strong, muscular, 6'2 dark blond-haired, his face a mask on anger. Johanna smiles again, she knows him, he's in her work crew and he will make her look even weaker with his brash bravado. She catches herself before the cameras pan back to her, and resumes her weeping but not before she sees Blight's quizzical look. "I present to you your tributes, Johanna Mason and Alder Pavi, May the odds be ever in your favour that girlish twitter is going to get old quick Johanna thinks to herself, as they usher her into the Justice building to await her good-byes. She looks at the single story building it looked like a wood cabin, and was the largest building in town. The train station backed onto it, and most of the distribution was calculated in here. They town had recently packed and moved, following the trees, so there had been little time for the usual ivy growth that covered the other district buildings.