Prim and run but we wouldn't know where too and momma seemed pretty happy here. She seemed alive here compared to back home. My mind kept rambling on playing out the worst scenarios possible. The world ripped itself from under my feet and everything around me was spinning in circles like I had one too many shines. "Don't go hightailing off just yet. I'm not done talking." Gale groaned. I hated the fact that Gale knew me well enough that my instincts in emotional matters was always running. It takes a minute but it finally registers what he had just said. My head snapped back to look at him almost twisting itself off as my brows knitted together. "You work for them? I thought you're a cop!" I hissed making sure to keep my voice down but it was really really hard to not scream at the top of my lungs. "Look, he's a good guy, real good. He takes care of everyone in town and is in with Mayor Undersee. Hell, he even goes to the Temperance meetings and those wet noses love him there." Gale scratched the back of his ear with another sigh, he seemed full of those today, like a bag of hot air. "I owe em Catnip, he and his sons help feed the family twice over and lets me buy them what they want not just what they need." I crossed my arms tightly as I wished he didn't even tell me any of this but he just continued. "It's just, he runs a few gambling joints in the city and Peeta mostly runs the bakeries now, but he also runs the Winter Rose, a speak over near Wrigley field. All I and a few others have to just keep the other bobbies away from him and we're square." Gale shrugged his shoulders he didn't particularity seemed embarrassed by what he had just told me either. "So not the killin' type is what you sayin' Gale?" He nods a little as he scrunches his brows I guess he has to think about it a bit which worries me a lot. If it was just gambling and boozing I'm fine with that it wasn't like we didn't have loads of that where i'm from, Hell I had to gamble my kills just to get other types of food at times, but I just didn't want Prim in that. "I really shouldn't have told you that, and you have to keep a lid on it, but fuck, it bothers me to bits that you'll be living with them and not me." His grey eyes bore into mine like pools of silver, his cheeks were tinting red with his words. I could feel my ears sizzle but he didn't let me even get a quip in before he straitened up like a wash board and made his way into the house like his ass was on fire. Leaving me in the front lawn gaping like a catfish. I was so absorbed in the details of what just transpired that I didn't notice a thing until a small tap on my shoulder scared the be-Jesus outta me back into reality. I turned right around and was left staring strait into clear sky blue eyes. "I'm guessing you are Katniss?" The guy asked his lips curled in a toothy smile and I could feel myself blush. Damn these pretty city folk and he smelled like fresh baked bread. I shook my head lightly I didn't have time for gushing over a boy. I gave him a quick once over and by the looks of him he had to be a Mellark. His blond hair unlike his brother's and fathers was parted to the side with a small swoop at the peak while the sides were slicked back. It was a nice look and he just filled his three piece black suit nicely. All topped off with a blue tie that matched his eyes. His smile deepened and I came to the realization that I hadn't said a single word for a few minutes now. "U-uh yeah, Katniss Everdeen... um... which Mellark are you?" He chuckled, although I could see a quick flash of sadness in his eyes that were quickly replaced with something that made my face blush. I don't know what is happening to me I don't usually go around blushing at whatever pretty boys say or do. I mentally nodded my head as I came to a single conclusion. It wasn't me it was the city air that was doing this to me. "Peeta, Peeta Mellark at your service." AN : ok so hope you enjoyed the first chapter. Yeah, I know its so last minute when she meets Peeta but I thought it'd be a good time to stop the chapter there. I know it's short sorry. I'll make sure the next one's longer. Please leave me reviews if you like it. Thanks! Also Katniss is 18, Gale is 21, and Peeta is 19, Prim is 14 Btw I really do need a beta reader if anyone's interested. History lessons 101 Union station was built in 1925 and it was called the New Union Station for a while. Yes all trains lead to Chicago it was actually in Chicago where our North American time zones were figured out because of the trains. Valentino was a popular italian actor before his death in the fall of 1926. That is actually where the term "Sheik" came from the character he played in his movies. Don't get me wrong movies are still silent with the exception of a few "disk tracked audios" but still silent it was not until 1927 was when talkies were starting to rise in the bigger cities and took off in 1928. There was really no drinking age limit since it was illegal at the time anyways... so yeah it was only after the prohibition ended that the legal age in most states were 21.