need your help…" I said. " With what?" He finally came across a bottle of pills, in which he then sighed in relief. " A girl…" Haymitch interrupted me and burst out laughing. I stared, waiting for him to stop snickering. "Hahaha, you came to me for advice about…" He didn't finish his sentence, because he couldn't contain his laughter. " Hehe, you don't need my help in that department Fishboy." I glared at him waiting for his obnoxious amusement to end. "Are you done?" I asked impatiently. " Yeah, yeah I'm done." He said smugly. "So, what about this girl?" I stayed standing as Haymitch leaned against the kitchen counter still smiling. " I saw her…" " Oooo, love at first sight!" " As I was saying! I saw her out in the rain starving to death…" I said as my voice got shaky. " Welcome to District 12." Haymitch said grimly. He got off the counter and started looking through the refrigerator. "What were you doing outside of the Village anyway; could have sworn I heard your escort tell you to stay indoors." He finally stood back up from the fridge and pulled out a half empty bottle of whiskey. " I needed some fresh air." I said. " Of course you did." He said taking a swig of alcohol. " I couldn't leave her so I took her back to my apartment." The old victor spat the whiskey out of his mouth and looked at me like I had grown five heads. " You brought her...do you have a death wish!?" he shouted at me. " Where was I going to take her!?" I shouted back. " Not here!" He starts rushed over to me and looked me in the eye. "Do you not understand that taking someone into the Village is a crime punishable by death. If any of the peace keepers see's her you AND me..." he shook his head, "and her are dead." My eye's widen and I started to look at my feet in thought. Haymitch grunted and started walking back to the chairs in the dinning room. I looked back up at him. "I couldn't just leave her there..." I said in a whisper. " You have until tomorrow afternoon to get her out of here unnoticed."Haymitch sighed. I nodded my head. "Yes but I don't know who she is. I had to carry her here and i doubt she could walk by herself. Where she stays probably on the other of the district..." " Why don't you ask her where she lives?" he said like it was the most obvious question. " She's knocked out." I said dead-plain. Haymitch rolled his eyes and handed me the bottle he was drinking out of. "Use this. Bring it back when you're done." He then walks away to what I assume was the bedroom and slams the door shut. So I left and walked back to my apartment and found Katniss where I left her. I looked at the clock and it was only ten o'clock at night. I walked closer to the couch and saw her face peaking through the covers. She looked peaceful. I couldn't tell because of how skinny she was but she looked like a 9 year old. I could just wake her up until morning, but she's been sleeping for two hours already. I didn't want her to be waking up in the morning before I did. I took the whiskey bottle and put it under her nose. She sucked in some air and started coughing. She looked around in confusion and finally laid her eyes on me. " Who are you?" she said sitting out quickly and pushing her body to the edge of the couch. " Where am I?" she said louder. I stepped near her to calm her down but she proceeded to fall off the couch and run to the corner of the living room with her back against the wall. Her eyes were wide with fear and she was shaking like she was back in the rain again. "Katniss..." " How do you know my name?" she snapped. " Because you told me..." I said as I walked slowly past the couch to her. " Stay back!" she shouted pressing further into the wall. " I'm not going to hurt you Katniss. Do you remember me? I'm Finnick Odiar. I'm the victor for the sixty-ninth Hunger Games..." I tried desperately for her to understand and to calm down but if I tried to take one step she'd flinch. I stopped walking towards her and looked at her body language to find something that might show me what she was afraid of. She was in a defensive stance but there was nothing indicating she was scared of me. I didn't understand. " What are you afraid of?" I asked. That got a reaction out out of her. She glared at me, but she didn't out of the corner. " I'm not afraid." She said quickly. " Oh? Then why are you backed up into a corner?" I asked her with my eyebrow raised. After that she proceeded to glare at me more, but she didn't move from the wall. " I've killed over 7 people in the last week Katniss, I don't plan on doing it again anytime soon. I'm not gonna hurt you Katniss." I said. I reached my hand out to her and patiently and waited. She looked at my hand and back at my face. She slowly stepped forward and took my hand and I slowly lead her to the couch. We sat down with our knees close to our chest, while the fire was still roaring beside us. " You never answered my question." she said breaking the silence. " Huh?" I asked. " Where are we?" she asked again. " Oh, we are in the Victor's Village." Yup, that ending sucked but what are you gonna do? REVIEW OF COURSE!