to her hair. "Interesting choice of a pillow… or the mattress really." He added and felt her smile on his right pectoral. "Well, it's your fault. You always tease me about how light and little I am, so I assumed you wouldn't mind." She replied and he tightened his arms around her. "I was never teasing." She lifted her head to look at him with raised eyebrow. "Okay, I might have a couple of times when we were kids, but always only because I knew it aggravated you. For me it was only cute how petite you are." He stated and she brought her arms across his chest and laid her on them to look at him. She stuck her tongue at him, he replied with the same. It didn't feel as offensive now, when she knew what exactly he could do to her with that tongue. He smiled and gently poked her nose, she twitched it a couple of times in response making him chuckle. He moved a strand of her still wet hair away from her face. "You are perfect." He said rubbing her brow with his thumb. She snorted. "Nobody is perfect and between the two of us, you are the one much closer to perfection." She rebutted and he shook his head. "You have no idea the effect you have, do you?" He asked rhetorically. "You are perfect for me, and none of your little flaws are able to change it." He stated and she blushed unwillingly. "Then we're perfect for each other, because for me, you are the best person that exists." She replied. "And I recommend you to take that compliment, because I'm not going to say that often." She added and he grinned and pecked her lips. "Duly noted." "Good." She kissed his chest. He gathered her hair to one side of her head and run his fingertips down her newly exposed neck. She shivered. "Katniss, tonight-" he started in a more serious manner, "-what we did, what we felt… it was the most amazing night, most amazing experience in my life. Nothing was more important or more beautiful than making love to you and I want you to know that." He said and watched her expression change from playful, to the soft, gentle one, she wore definitely too rarely for his liking. She pushed herself a little bit up his body, to come face to face with him and kiss him properly. She meant to slid off of his chest, knowing it was probably uncomfortable for him, but he kept her where she was. "I like it." He answered with a shrug, when she looked at him questionably. She giggled and kissed his cheek. "You can sleep when you are. Just don't be surprised if you wake up in about fifteen minutes because of something hard poking belly." She smiled wickedly at that. "That soon? I thought men need an hour or something for that to happen again." She stated and he smirked. "I'm twenty-one, not forty. Give me ten minutes and I'm ready to go again." He replied. She laughed. "Is that a proposition?" "It might be." She chuckled but shook her head. "I think it would be too soon. I might be a bit sore from our earlier activities." He looked at her with concern. "I'm sorry." He murmured, caressing her cheek. "What are you sorry for?" "Well… I kind of did it to you." He stated and she chuckled and shook her head at him. "Well, I kind of wanted you to." She grinned. "It was wonderful for me too, you know." She replied "Twice!" She added and he laughed a bit. "You were perfect and so gentle that, if I didn't know better, I would think you've had quite a lot of practice." He grinned at that and she couldn't help but kissed him again. "I love you, Katniss." He murmured against her lips. "I love you too." She replied taking in his beautiful face. She ran her hand through his hair. "You called me Kitty." She stated after a moment of hesitation, and he looked at her in confusion. "What?" "Earlier, when you were worried you've had hurt me. You called me Kitty again." She answered and he bit his lower lip, thinking she's cross with him. "I'm sorry, it just slipped. I promise I'll never…" "Don't." She cut in the middle of his speech. "Well, I won't." He answered. "No, I mean.. don't not call me that…" He looked at her with confusion. "…I mean, you can… you can call me Kitty sometimes." He smiled brightly at that. He always liked to call her that, but she had a moment of rebellion in junior high and told him that she didn't want him to call her that ever again because she was not a child anymore. Since then he'd never called her that. He had missed it, though. Very much. "Just not in front of our friends." She said. He nodded. "Or our families." He nodded again, but his eyebrows rose with amusement. "Well… basically don't do it in public." He snorted and shook his head at her, but didn't have a choice but agree anyway. "Okay, Kitty. I promise." Of course, he didn't keep that promise. It was probably the only one he'd ever broke. The nickname just slipped from his lips the first time they'd seen their friends after returning home. She paid greatly for that, when she got teased by their friends for the whole evening, but so did he a couple of days later, when she revealed his nickname with premeditation. Since then, their friends hardly ever called them differently than Kitty- Kat and the Sugar-Cookie boy. FIN. |AN2|: So, what do you think? Feel free to fav it and leave a review. There is a possibility of a short epilogue if there is enough interest so please let me know if you would like the epilogue to happen. Thanks for reading!