in the kitchen and I immediately know that I fell asleep on the couch. I open my eyes slowly and am graced with the sight of the fire still burning in the fireplace. It's strange, it should be burned out by now as the last time I've thrown some logs into it was at the early hours of the morning before I fell asleep. I assume it's Sae who, decided to keep the flames burning but I can't see the reason why she did it. It was not necessary and Sae is one of those people who doesn't do things simply because. As I stir, I realize that I'm pleasantly warm, covered by a blanket. Sae again? I ask myself while snuggling deeper into the cover and breathing it in. For some unknown reason it bears a sweet, cinnamon scent that makes me think of… "I'll check if she's awake. It would be a pity to let the eggs get cold." Peeta? My eyes snap open and I stiffen under the blanket. He's here? In my house? Everything comes back to me in a rush and everything also starts to gain sense. The fire, the blanket, the smell… even the dreamless sleep. "I'm awake." I mumble as I see his shadow on the floor beside the couch. I didn't look up yet so I can't see his face, but I'm almost sure he smiles. He proves me right when I look at him through half-closed lids. His smile does something to my insides and I sit up startled when my feelings start to take over my brain. "Hey." I say quietly untangling myself from the blanket. "Thanks for-" I gesture wildly towards the cover, then the fire, "-keeping me warm." His smile widens for a brief moment and I see one of his perfect eyebrows rise up. "How do you know it was me who did that?" He asks with a hint of tease in his voice and I feel a blush creeping onto my cheeks. I hesitate before answering, but decide that I'm not going to shy away from him. Not from him. Not anymore. "It smells like cinnamon rolls." I reply in a whisper and he grins so widely I'm afraid his mouth will split in half. I can't believe how positive he is. I can't believe how on earth he is able to cope with everything and still behave like the old Peeta from before the hijacking. I wonder how much of the venom still lingers in his veins and what he has to go through because of it. What visions does he have to fight every minute of his life. I decide I want to answer that call from doctor Aurelius if only to find out just that. We eat in complete silence, but I don't mind. I've spend enough time with Peeta saying nothing at all and even after all this time, I don't feel awkward doing just that. Somehow, deep in my heart I know that it's the same Peeta. It's the Peeta I knew before the war. It's the Peeta that maybe, just maybe will be able to love me someday. Because I love him, more than I can bare sometimes. I straighten up as I realize what exactly I just figured out. After all this time of denying my feelings for this boy, now when I sit across from him after everything, I am able to admit to myself that I'm in love with him. I'm in love with him! Instead of terrifying me to the bone, that thought makes me surprisingly calm and serene. I catch myself throwing a small smile Peeta's way. He looks at me strangely for a moment, furrows his brows in confusion and returns my smile hesitantly. Warmth spreads in my chest like a liquid fire and I know that I'm a goner. It's Peeta. It has always been Peeta. It will always be Peeta. I think about all the time that he loved me and was simply there for me while I treated him so horribly. I broke his heart multiple times. No, not on purpose but simply by being me, by being pigheaded and careless of his feelings. And he stayed with me all this time anyway. He was there for me every step of the way. He remained by my side until he was violently ripped away from me and tortured to the point of believing that he hates me because I'm a threat to his life. So now, when I see him looking like all those horrible things never happened, I know that it's only because he's the strongest person I've ever known, that he was able to find himself again. I know that no matter how good he seems to look and how much like himself he is behaving right now, he is certainly not okay yet. I know him well enough to notice the signs. The dark shadows under his eyes, telling me that he's not sleeping well at night, the occasional rigidness of his body and emptiness of his stare, letting me know when he's fighting his demons, the slight but constant shaking of his hands, the little twitch in his jaw, at any louder noise. He isn't fully recovered and I'm fully aware that he might never be. I don't think any of us will. As I think about all of it, I decide that it's my turn to be there for him because he's done enough for me to last a lifetime and everything I've ever done for him, turned out to be a disaster. I'm going to change that now. I'm going to take care of him and maybe, just maybe, my love for him will give him strength, and make him feel better like his always did for me. THE END OF PART 1 |AN2| : Thanks for reading! I think you know who's narrating Part 2 :) So, what are you waiting for? Read it!