guys doing this before, a lot of the girls at school used to talk about their boyfriends and the things they did. Katniss had never had time to sit around for those conversations; she usually left school right after the final bell to escape to the woods to meet up with Gale. Most assumed that Gale and Katniss were sneaking off for a rendezvous, little did they know they were literally fighting for their survival on a daily basis. Romance and relationships were never something that Katniss gave a lot of thought about, although Gale had mentioned it quite a few times. Growing up, having kids. Though she swore she never would, not in a world where she could be subjected to losing a child to murder from the Capital's games or from hunger. She rocked against his hand, needing more pressure. He added another finger and set a slow pace with his hand, and the sounds she was making would haunt his dreams for the rest of his life, he was sure of it. "Peeta." She sighed, quickly biting down on her bottom lip as he increased the pace of his hand. He was thankful for his older brothers now, and all of the conversations he had to endure listening to while they rolled out dough in the bakery. It was their advice that made him curl his fingers inside her in a 'come hither' way, having been told that drives a girl wild. They weren't wrong. Katniss let out a low moan, arching her back against him. If it wasn't obvious before what the couple was up to beneath the sleeping bag, her sounds were making it quite obvious. He was beyond caring at this point, though. His focus was on Katniss, and making her feel as good as he possibly could. He could feel her clenching against his fingers, and he began to rub her with his thumb and before she even knew what was happening she came around his fingers. His name left her lips in a strained sigh, her hand gripping his wrist almost painfully as she rode out her climax. She wasn't quite sure what that feeling was, but it was the best thing she had ever felt. Better than the feeling she got when she shot her first buck, allowing her family to eat well for two weeks. She turned her head to face him, capturing his lips with hers in a heated kiss. His hand was still barely moving inside of her, making sure she was completely satisfied before slowly slipping out of her. He wanted to bring his hand up to his lips to taste her, but he couldn't do that with the cameras here. So he regretfully wiped the remnants of her orgasm off on his pants. He broke this kiss first, giving her a wide smile. "Was that good?" "Amazing. I don't even know what that was, but I want more." She laughed softly, zipping and buttoning her pants back up despite her words. "Anytime." He promised, reaching down and adjusting himself once more. His erection was particularly painful now, finding her finishing just from his hand to be the biggest turn on in the entire world. "Should I . . . help you with that?" She asked, unsure of what to do. "If we were anywhere else, I would take you up on that offer. But not here, it's a little more obvious if you were to touch me than it is when I touch you." He whispered, thankful for the rain outside. It was drowning out their voices, but just as he thought that the rain died down. Apparently the game makers had realized the same thing, and he knew for sure they were watching. "We're being watched." She whispered, coming to the same conclusion. He had rolled back onto his back once more, and she found her way back to settling against his chest. His left hand grabbed her right and intertwined their fingers. "We'll be out of here soon. There's only five of us left, and they're not gonna let us hide out forever." He was speaking openly now, not concealing his voice from the cameras. It wasn't that long after he spoke that they heard the familiar cannon fire, followed by screams. The games were starting again; now that Katniss and Peeta had given their little show it was time to start the action again. "We need to get out of here." He said, sitting up quickly. He didn't know what was causing the screams, but it seemed to be getting closer and he didn't want them to get trapped in the cave with whatever it was. They both pulled on their shoes and Katniss collected their small amount of supplies. She didn't see the games continuing more than another day, but just in case she didn't want to get caught without the sleeping bag during the night. Peeta stopped her just as they were about to flee the cave and kissed her, both his hands cupping her face. It wasn't long, but it expressed everything he wanted to say to her in just that simple gesture. "Let's go win this. For us." His blue eyes met her steel grey ones, and she nodded, her hand reaching up to lay over his. "For us." Well, there you have it. This is only a one shot, but if requested I might post an epilogue of what happens after they win and go home. From that point it'll be a bit different from the book because as y'all just read, it turns out Katniss's feelings weren't all for show. But that's only if its requested. I've learned from experience that I am not good with keeping up with multi-chapter fics, so I'm going to be sticking to one or two-shots for a little while. Anyway, I hoped y'all enjoyed! Be sure to review and let me know what you think, it makes my day! :) -Lindsey