words sent new tears falling form her mother's eyes – her baby was planning her own demise to protect her brother. Belinda sobbed brokenly and pulled away, gripping her daughters face between her calloused hands. "Remember our words: Family, Duty, Honour." A lone tear streaked down Estrella's face and she nodded, inhaling sharply. " Reg resa a mí , mi hijo. " It had been years since Estrella and her mother conversed in the old language, and she let out a strangled sob at the words. " Voy a , mamá. " "Oh, my baby," Belinda wailed. "Ellie?" Hands tugged at the hem of her dress and she released her mother and crouched down to the level of her youngest siblings. It was little Bucky that spoke, his glassy blue eyes curious. "What's going on?" Estrella winced and pressed a kiss to his forehead. "I'm going away for a while." She replied calmly, ignoring the lump in her throat. "How long for?" Bucky Oxley was only four, but already, his eyes held a spark of intelligence that made him seem far wiser than his young years. "A long, long time, little lamb." Estrella replied, brushing a golden curl from his forehead. Bucky fell into a thoughtful silence before flinging his skinny arms around her neck. "I don't want you to go!" Angus' voice held all of the immaturity Bucky's didn't. The six-year-old was going through his 'I want what I want and I'm going to get it' phase. He stamped his foot and pouted, clutching his sister's hand. "You're not going!" "Stop it, Angus." Colt snapped, cuffing the boy round the back of the head. "She has to leave." At that moment, the door swung open. "Goodbyes are over." The peacekeeper gruffly stated, beginning to throw the family from the room. "Be careful," her father quickly advised, showing himself out of the room. "I love you!" Estrella's voice was the last thing the Oxley's heard as the heavy door slammed shut and she and Jackson were left alone until the crying Sable burst through the doors, flinging her arms around Estrella's neck in a hug so tight she felt as though she was being strangled. "Oh, my God." Sable was dribbling, sniffling, hiccupping and crying – Estrella really didn't know which to sort out, so allowed the girl to cry, feeling a few of her own tears slip as well. "How could you do this?" Sable unwound her arms from Estrella's neck and forced the taller girl to meet her almond-shaped brown eyes, the two of them realising that this would be the last time they'd ever see each other. "Bring him back alive," Sable's eyes flickered to Jackson,-"you're brave, Stell. You know how to fight. Use a whip and throw knives. If anyone could do it, it's you. I love you." "I love you too," Estrella's eyes were filled with tears and she looked terrified, her breathing quickening as it really it her what she'd done. "Please look after them," she murmured. "Please, don't let them starve. Sable, promise me you'll keep them safe." "I promise." Sable didn't hesitate. "My great uncle, he's missing his legs. He'll be your mentor. Tell him that it's Jackson that needs to focus, he'll do his best." Sable reached into her pocket and produced a leather bracelet, tying around Estrella's wrist. "Here, this can be your token." The leather was old and browned, sun-dried and had obviously been worn many, many times, there was a small crucifix pressed into the side. She faintly recognised it as being the bracelet Sable's father had given to her when she was a child – the girl had never parted with it. "Sable..." Estrella whispered, but was interrupted by another fierce hug. "May the Lord protect you." Sable muttered as the peacekeeper barged into the room. "Both of you," she pressed a quick kiss to both of their cheeks as the peacekeeper pushed her from the room, leaving the siblings alone. The duo were led from the Justice Building and onto a huge train, where Florentina showed them their rooms, requesting that the siblings met back in the main compartment in an hour. "So this is it." Jackson said, lying back on Estrella's bed. "I guess it is," she joined him and they fell silent for a long time, hands joined as they took comfort in the simplicity of the moment; the calm before the storm. "What's an hour?" Jackson's question came out of the blue and Estrella jumped at his words. "I'm not sure, maybe it's some kind of Capitol thing." Estrella replied, biting her lip in thought. "I think it's got to do with time..." "What?" Jackson giggled, and Estrella joined him. "How can an 'hour' help you tell the time?" "No idea," Estrella snorted. "Probably a posh word for the sun. Wouldn't expect Florentina to know about the sun, though, with how pale she is, and all." Jackson nodded in agreement. "Speaking of the sun, what time is it?" Estrella stood and looked out the window, finding the blinding sun easily. "One o'clock." "Oh," he replied, standing too. The duo watching as the green fields of District 10 slowly began to disappear. Translations: Regresa a mí, mi hijo - Come back to me, my child Voy a, mamá - I will, mom A/N: I'm backkkkk! I've decided to restart this story, with a new plot and starting point. I loved/love this story loads, and I lost my inspiration with it for a while, but I've got back into it and have already got a plan for the story, with a large portion of it already written. I'm still a little unsure about the decision, and I would love to hear your feedback on it - should I carry on? Or should I try again with the other one? Let me know what you think by reviewing, or just PMing me. Your reviews and feedback are/is greatly appreciated! Please review, follow & favourite! LittlexMissxVicious X