did suck, Johanna had to admit that. She couldn't imagine working with a rape victim whom she knew. It just didn't sit right. Katniss' nurse came to them a few hours later. "She's awake, but a male nurse came in to change her fluids and she lost it. I think it would be a good idea for only Detective Mason to go in." Peeta and Johanna nodded simultaneously. This had happened before; woman would be so afraid that what their attacker did would happen to them if they so much as spoke to any man. Those were rough cases. Johanna stared at the woman who was attempting to curl herself up in a ball on the hospital bed. She had black and purple and yellowing bruises up and down her arms, on her collarbone area, her face. Her arms were so bruised she could barely make out any unscathed skin. Johanna was informed that the woman had three broken ribs. It was a brutal case, more so than usual. "Hey Katniss, I'm Special Agent Johanna Mason. I'm here to help you. " The woman nodded slightly, her wild gray eyes calming a bit, but they darted around the room before settling on a far away spot. Her black hair was dry and unkempt, but that was the last thing on anyone's mind. "You don't have to worry about any stupid boys right now, it's just you and me." Johanna paused a moment to see how Katniss was handling her words. Nothing too bad so far, she seemed receptive. "Now, I'm going to need you to tell me something, anything, from that night." Katniss adamantly shook her head no. After an hour of attempting to coax something more than a solid "no" – which was an accomplishment- Johanna came out of the room. "She's barely speaking- and whatever she's saying isn't helping. I think we should come back in the morning." Peeta was saddened by Johanna's report of Katniss, but nodded anyways. Sometimes time did the trick. Overnight, Gale visited Katniss, who barely could get through the "Hello's" and "I'm glad you're here's". When Prim came, after taking the next flight in from Creighton, where she was studying to become a doctor, Katniss was embarrassed. Embarrassed her sister had to see her like this, embarrassed she wasn't strong enough to keep that Cato away, embarrassed that she wasn't smart enough. When the woman, Johanna visited her again, she only said she wasn't able to talk. Nothing more, nothing less. She thought she had gotten through the day until another man walked in. She froze when she saw the blond hair, flashbacks of Cato flooded her. But when she saw his blue eyes, those same orbs that hurt for her that day, she relaxed. Peeta! Her heart practically cried. Of course Peeta would be here for her, he had saved her once before, so why not now? "Peeta!" She cried hoarsely, before blushing at how excited she sounded. "Hi Katniss." And there it was, that same pain he felt for her that day, it was in his eyes again. He pulled a chair up next to her bed. "Is it okay if I talk to you for a little?" She nodded slowly, relieved for a change. Everyone else wanted her to talk, but Peeta just wanted her to listen. Listening she could manage. He told her about what he had been up to, stories of him and his brothers at the bakery, how he admired Prim and her ability to get a full ride for college. Katniss was noticeably relaxed by the time he finished speaking. "I need you to do a huge favor for me, okay? If there's anything you can tell me, anything at all, I need to know. I want to help you." Unlike all of the nurses, police, and even friends and family who had told her those same words, Katniss actually believed them coming from him. "He was tall, really tall and muscular." Katniss cleared her throat a little, so that her voice wouldn't crack. Peeta was writing down every word, as though his life depended on it. "He had blond hair, it was almost white, but it was shorter than yours. And blue eyes, but they were so… so much colder than yours. His name was Cato," Katniss finished in a whisper. "I think I'm tired." "It's okay Katniss, you did beautifully. Thank you so much, you were a huge help." Peeta made a move to stand up, but Katniss grabbed his hand and clutched it desperately. "Don't leave me," Katniss begged. He had come to save her, he needed to protect her from Cato, Cato couldn't get her again. "I have to give my notes to my friend, Johanna, but I'll be right back. I promise." She nodded, believing him. Outside Johanna greeted him with a "Well?". "I've got a name and physical description." He handed her the notes. "Well this shouldn't be too hard, there aren't many Catos running around." Peeta nodded and explained that he might be able to coax a bit more out of Katniss. When he walked back into the room, Katniss practically leapt to him. "You came back," She said quietly, giddily. "Peeta, can you stay with me tonight? To protect me?" He knew what the Captain would say to this, but that didn't stop the yes that came from his lips. As she began to drift, he heard her mumble something along the lines of "I knew you'd stay with me" and his thoughts came through his lips as he whispered "Always." He'd always protect her, always stay with her. Maybe she wasn't okay right now, maybe she wouldn't be for a long time, but for now he could keep her safe, and that was good enough for him. A/N: What do you think? I don't know if it's a one shot or not, but I'd love to hear what you guys think it should be! Please, tell me:)