Fucking fossil fuels… The number of Tributes reaped depends upon the requirements and constraints of the particular Coliseum. That year, there only needed to be one Tribute, and one Tribute only. That is the only reason District Twelve was considered. They could spare one, but no more than that. It was peak season in the Capitol, after all. I remember the bubbly yet commanding presence that Effie held, how she left no room for argument once the announcement was made. That year, I lost a very good friend of mine, probably the boy that I would have eventually married… Anyway, I knew at that moment just who I needed to seek out should I ever have to volunteer. I have never been one to respect order and/or authority, after all. I bided my time, watching and training tirelessly so that I could get myself and my beloved Primrose out of there safely. My weapon of choice is the bow and arrow, but I familiarized myself with other weapons, as well. It was no easy task by any means, getting here. Thread is one of the very reasons why. He had only recently been placed as Head Peacekeeper of our district, so he felt he had a lot to prove. He was ruthless, tormenting and torturing the entire population at will. I took great pleasure in single-handedly destroying his precious hold over my fellow citizens… "Ms. Everdeen?" I look up at the call of my name. My eyes move towards the door where a vibrantly colored man stands, looking at me as a lion would a raw, bloody steak… "Oh! Caesar! Whatever are you doing here?!" squeaks Effie happily as she all-but skips across the room. Her rich pink dress bounces as she moves, her heels clicking oddly at the irregular movement. I simply shake my head. "It is always a pleasure to see you, Ms. Trinket! I just received the paperwork that you sent! This one is really something else, is she not?!" he quips cheerily, clapping his hands. Effie nods enthusiastically. I have unfortunately bore witness to the catastrophe that is Capitol fashion throughout my life. They will seriously color everything on their body if given the chance, which is just plain wrong, if you ask me. The man before me, Hunger Games host Caesar Flickerman, is not exception. His hair and lipstick is a rich turquoise, as is his suit. Glitter covers the man from head to toe, which frightens me to no end. I do not understand how he can walk around like that, but as long as I am not made to do so, it matters very little to me (if at all, honestly). "And that she is! Dearest Katniss, I am sure that you know Mr. Caesar! I sent him your information so that he can get to know you a little better before the Games. We have quite a bit of time, so I am sure that you will be seeing quite a bit of him. Your story is one unlike any other seen before, after all!" Effie says warmly. I nod numbly. "It is a pleasure to meet you, sir," I remark pleasantly. He lightly places his hand over his heart, the look of being touched upon his oddly made face. "The pleasure is all mine, young lady. Do not worry, I will take great care in helping you become the star that I am sure you will be. And that sister of yours, wow! She is such a darling. I do believe that I fell in love with her at first sight!" I smile at this. "Everyone does," I remark lightly, giggling despite myself. Caesar and Effie both 'aw' at me, causing me to roll my eyes. "Well, I look forward to maybe interviewing her…" Caesar says cautiously. My eyes narrow, the hair on the back of my neck standing on end instantly. "No," I state quickly and bluntly. They share a brief gaze before looking at me sadly. I sigh. "I did not mean to…" Caesar begins, but I hold up my hand, silencing him… "You are fine. Look, Prim is all that I have, and I intend on keeping her safe from anything and everything. You can do whatever you like with me, parade me around naked, dye my skin, whatever. Prim, she stays out of it. That is all that I ask," I finish lamely. I squeak in surprise as the two of them embrace me. "You do not need to apologize, dear. We completely understand," Effie murmurs into my hair softly. Caesar nods against my shoulder. "I will not do anything unless you say so!" he promises wholeheartedly. I smile as I sense the sincerity in their voices. "I appreciate it. So, what is next?" Caesar steps back, but Effie remains kneeling in front of me. "Well, we get you and your sister settled in, and then you get to meet your teams!" she quips excitedly. I go to ask her a question, but another, more familiar voice stops me abruptly… "What do we have here. I see you finally made it, sweetheart." My entire body ignites in rage. I turn my angry gaze towards the man in the doorway… "Haymitch Abernathy, you drunken son of a bitch!" ∞ K&F∞ Thanks to my beta nimthriel, for always reading through my material, and an early thanks to Chrisinele-hime, my most dedicated reader/reviewer. I love you two. A couple of notes about this chapter: It will be revealed soon exactly how Katniss' parents died. It was very violent… Thread could not stop the train that Katniss was on, so he flew by hovercraft to the Capitol. There is not always just one winner in this incarnation of the Hunger Games. They do not always end in death, either. Some are simply extreme trials, albeit bloody. There are repeat Victors, as will be revealed later. Please take the time to review. Feedback is always very much appreciated. We writers need it