ground as her cannon fires. So that makes me, Brine, who is now weaponless and Lupa, who has tears running down her face and is trembling like a leaf, against Mire, who seems to have gained some personality since her ally's death. Somehow, this doesn't seem fair. Mire speaks. "How are we going to end this?" Her voice is so plaintive, so like a child's, that I hesitate. Lupa replies. "I don't know." None of us want to make a move, as killing Mire forces us to turn on each other. Just as I reach this, so does Mire. Before any of us can stop her, she rushes to Lupa. A short fight ends quickly. Lupa is fast, but Mire is stronger and bigger. A horrible clang as the sword clatters to the ground. Then a sickening sound as Mire slashes across her chest. I toss Brine my knife. Our eyes meet and the same glint of fury is in both. He leaps to fight Mire. I rush to the dying girl on the edge of the cliff. When I reach her, her breath is coming in short gasps. The cut is deep and horrible. I can't tell her that she'll be fine. She's got too much common sense. The clangs and crashes as Brine and Mire fight is fading to the background. All that's left is me and her. "Mags..." The merest whisper calls me back. "I'm here." Her eyes have closed, but she smiles. "Back home, in District Two, we live in a little log cabin. I share with Pine. There's mould in the corner above my bed, but I don't mind. It looks like a rabbit if I look at one way, but more like a sheep another way." I can't think of anything to say. "My mother died when I was eight. She was the only person who wanted me. I'll see her now, won't I?" "Yes, you will." I let the tears flow, dripping onto her hair. "Hey, Mags?" The whisper is so faint that I barely catch it. "I'll say hello to your sister." And then she's gone. Her cannon fires. I stand up to see Brine solemnly standing over Mire's body. In death, she looks younger, maybe my age. I turn to Brine. "So, this is it then." He smiles, that slow, sad smile which has haunted me for two years. "The final two." That's when I notice it. No cannon has fired for Mire. My warning dies on my lips as he steps forward to retrieve the knife. Mire's leg stretches out, just a couple of inches, but still enough. He trips, over the edge. As I did, two years ago. As Anya did, two years before that. Except he can't save himself. He clings to a tiny ledge. "Brine, grab my hand! Please!" I'm sobbing, tears falling down my face. "There's no point Mags. We would just have to fight. I don't want to kill you." "But..." "Hey," he says, a light laugh escaping. "Did I ever tell you about this girl I met? She was beautiful. Hair the colour of pale sand on the beach. Eyes the colour of the sky after a storm. She was clever and brave and just a bit sarcastic. She had a habit of meeting me on a cliff. I loved her. Still do. Still will." "Who?" I whisper, because I don't know who he's talking about, me or my sister. Orion was right. I am like her. Except for one thing. "Goodbye, Brine." "Goodbye, Mags." His fingers loosen from the cliff, and then he's falling, down and down and down. He hits the ground with a puff of sand, lying twisted and crumpled. A final cannon fires. And I am the victor of the games. I never forgot him. Or Lupa, or Strider, or any of the others. I never will. I remember every face, dead or alive. Marchell and Venus got sacked a few years later. Some sort of scandal. The young woman who lost her mind, sort of, Annie Cresta. Finnick Odair. They have the houses next to mine. Coral died about forty years later, but by then I wasn't alone. The whole idea of an automatic alliance took off. Eventually, they grew to become the Careers. I hate how they're seen. Often, they were the winners. Brine's idea worked, like he wanted it to. But not in time to save another dead tribute. Flow. She was reaped again two years later. I couldn't do anything, except be the best mentor I could. But she died in the bloodbath. Like Anya. Her parents moved out of my house. They didn't feel right, staying. Last year, I watched a girl called Katniss win, with a boy called Peeta. Katniss volunteered for her sister. Then she had to follow the whole love story strategy to survive. I think it was almost not a strategy for her. It was real for the boy. Strange. Watching her, it all seemed so familiar. Except they both won. She will be in the arena again this year. The Third Quarter Quell. Quells seem to ask for rebellion, somehow. Maybe this one will be no different. Back in my old chair, my thoughts drift again, to the people I've lost. Eventually, they all died. I really am the girl who was left behind. I hear a snapping twig behind me, and turn round. It's Finnick and Annie, the newest victors. I knew them when they were just children. They'd come to me for stories, sometimes. Silently, they bring chairs closer. They will have seen the announcement, know what it means. They have come to me for a story which will chase away the horrors lurking in the shadows. I can't do that. But I can hold them back, just for a while. "Once, when I was young, I met a boy. He had sea green eyes and a slow, sad smile. He... Well, I guess he was a genius."