trying to think. Our eyes meet. This time, mine fill with tears. My heart is pounding. How can I leave her? I don't have the strength. The cold is throbbing out in waves over my chest as I try to imagine Sammy without me. As I imagine me without Sammy. What will she do? How will she compensate for my absence? How could I cope? We've been partners since birth. I think of her eating alone. Trying to haggle. Washing her own hair. Washing her own hair and not washing it three times, like I do. Sleeping alone in our hut. It feels as though my sternum is cracking, as though the universe in breaking into me, tearing me into little pieces. Peacekeepers are coming my way, because I'm not moving. Sammy's cheeks are wet already, flooded with tears, but her eyes have become almost mechanical as she watches me. She turns towards the stage, assured as a lion. No one else in the world has her grace. "I VOLUNTE-" I punch her across the face. I deck her so hard I feel something crack in my hand, and her body is slammed against the concrete ground. Sammy goes down like a leaf. I'm the last person she expects an attack from. She whimpers as her shoulder slams down, and it echoes in my brain. She meets my eyes and coughs out a sob, curled up, blood pouring down her cheek. She lets it run down over her bright shirt. She tries to stand. The Peacekeepers are almost on us. She opens her mouth, pleading with me with her eyes. They shine with horrified tears. I wonder what she sees in my face, because it makes her own harden. "I vol-" I grab her by the shirt front, and knee her in the stomach. Anything to stop those words from escaping her lips. The strength leaves her, air knocked out, her blood pressing against my shoulder as she tries to cling to me. My whole body is tensed, and then they press her tight to me, and her smell fills my nose. Home, home, home. Sammy . The Peacekeepers tear her away from me. A breath tears itself out of me, shock, shock that I'd ever raise my hands against her. For her. I see Fletcher wrap his arms around her tight to keep her back. I feel them looking at me as I'm walked up onto the stage. Everyone is looking at me. I notice the camera on me. It has shown everything. To the world. People know who Sammy is, now. And they don't think I'm friendly, or harmless. The woman from the Capitol smiles at me, her face bright with delight. "Aren't you a lively one, my clam! Can't have someone else taking your glory?" I fracture. My heart crumbles like snow in an avalanche. The cold and ice and bone in me shatters, to reveal that there is nothing left. I shake hands with Lochlan, who stares at the blood on my shirt. His hands trembles inside the cage of my fingers. His collarbones curve in like mackerel bones. And then the Peacekeepers pull us both into the Town Hall, away from our families, and I see Sammy's orange shirt gleaming through the sea of grey and white and brown. They put me in a little room to wait to say goodbye to everyone. The walls are panelled in wood, the likes of which I've never seen before. There are no windows, and the only door is guarded from the outside by four Peacekeepers. My first visitor is my teacher, Leony Padmion. She kneels in front of me and tells me that no matter what happens, she'll be proud of me. That she'll look our for my sister in times of need. That I don't have to worry. That I need to worry about myself. She kisses my forehead before she goes and I realise that she doesn't expect to see me again. I'm so glad when she leaves, because I don't have time for anyone but Sammy. I can't let out last encounter be- be that. My second visitor is Fletcher Kale. His face brings on a whole new tide of bumbling, bleak emotion. He presses a hand against either side of my face of my face and kisses me until I kiss him back, and he repeats my name, and it makes me laugh because for once, each time he says it, I feel sadder. Fletcher is yanked out by a Peacekeeper. He starts screaming for me as the door shuts, and then the room is very quiet. My cheeks are hot, lips swollen. I'm still spattered with my twin's blood. My heart is racing. I feel so vicious and wild and mad and desperate. Then Sammy slips inside. I'm on her in a second. She flinches, but I make her look at me. A purple bruise has blossomed on her cheek, and I can see it turning yellow and green. "Don't let anyone swindle you, okay?" I say. My voice doesn't crack, so much as stumble onwards. "Don't trust anyone too easily. Put yourself first." Her leonine gaze is blank. Her stance doesn't soften. I let her go, stand back, breathing hard. "I'm sorry," I say. "I'm sorry I hit you. I couldn't let you do it." "I'll be waiting for you," she says. Her chin tilts up, eyes beady. "I'll look after things for you. Until you get back." A ripple of shock passes through me. "I love you." She starts to cry again, her expression stoic as tears pool down her cheeks. "I'll wait for you." "Say goodbye." "No." "SAMMY." My eyes burn. She wrenches forward and then her arms around me. She clings tight, like a limpet, skinny arms strong. I shut my eyes and I want time to freeze. Let there only be the precious moments before lightning strikes. And then she whispers into my ear. "Swap with me."