she studies me as I've seen her study a wild animal she's frightened will harm her. I swallow the lump making a reappearance in my throat and choke out "Can I?" gesturing to the space beside her. She nods quickly, staring at her hands. I catch the familiar scent of fresh strawberries on the breeze, the one that always lingers on her skin. Finally she speaks, but it's not what I expect. "I'm sorry I shouted, Gale. You were right, we were wasting time." "No Madge" I rub my eyes with the heels of my hands, exhausted by my own shame. "I had no right to speak to you like that. You risk your life as much of the rest of us. I didn't mean what I said." I finish lamely. "Then why did you say it? It must have come from somewhere Gale." She murmurs, brushing my shoulder as she stands up and walks towards the clear pool of water nearby. I shiver at her touch. She wades in, holding her skirt above the water and bends down to cup the cool water in her hand, bringing it to her lips. I kick of my shoes and join her leaving only enough space between us to allow my breath to lift a few strands of her hair, but enough to make sure we aren't touching. She stands stock still, waiting for an answer I have no idea how to give. She interprets my silence. "Gale, Katniss came back once, she can do it again." Madge P.O.V I know exactly what he's thinking. I always do. So I reassure him with my back turned so that he can't see the pain that twists my face at the reminder of why he hurt me yet again. Her, always her. My best friend. "That's not it!" the gruff frustrated truth in his voice is enough to make me turn in surprise. I gasp, not realising he was so close behind me. I take a deep breath, raising my eyes to meet his, terrified of what I'll find. I gasp again. There isn't anger, hatred or sarcasm, only pain. Enough to mirror my own. "Gale?" I whisper, moving my hand unconsciously to run my fingers along his rough jaw. He closes his eyes at my touch, his face peaceful. Then he wrenches his cheek from my hand and stomps out of the water. I flinch as though he slapped me, feeling the deep wound of rejection he inflicted months ago reopen just as painfully. I storm out after him. " What Gale? I deserve the truth! We used to tell each other everything, now you can barely look me in the eye!" He keeps his back to me but growls "You and Him . What's going on?" I stare at his back in confusion for a few seconds then splutter " Darius ? Nothing! I told you that, he was just messing around!" "No Madge, he's not!"He turns to face me, his long fingers pinching the bridge of his nose. "I know Darius, ok? I've seen him 'mess around' with girls, Katniss included, and he is more serious than I think I've ever seen him. Don't you see his eyes following you everywhere?" His own eyes darken further. "All the excuses he makes to touch you, to be alone with you? You didn't seem to be complaining either...do you have feelings for him?" I recoil at his tone of utter disgust. I'm shocked. How can he think I would let anything get in the way of helping Katniss? He really does still think I'm nothing but a selfish, entitled priss, getting my hands dirty with the rebellion for kicks. After all we've spoken about, the stinging realisation that he still doesn't know me at all awakens all the fight in me I have left. Gale's P.O.V Without warning she flies across the small patch of grass separating us and shoves me with all her strength. I fall over onto my backside, taken completely by surprise. I almost want to laugh, but the look on her face stops that thought dead in its tracks. She stands over me, face red with rage, blue eyes blazing brilliantly. "What business is it of yours Gale Hawthorne?" she spits. "I risk my neck every day for her, for you. How can I help it if Darius took the time to notice that I was a girl during all the time spend alone in a cabin fighting for a future more uncertain than the miserable one we have now. Why shouldn't love be allowed when we could die any day now?" I swear I feel my heart break. It's worse than I thought, she loves him. "Love?" I manage to choke out, desperate to be wrong. Tears begin to spill out of her poor swollen eyes again. "Is that so ridiculous? That someone could love the stuck-up, selfish Mayor's daughter who stands by with her pretty dresses as her district starves? That someone could find her mildly attractive, and believe that there's someone behind the stupid blue eyes worth letting in? I know what you think of me Gale, you made that 100% clear. But to get angry because someone might not be as disgusted by me as you are is pathetic !" she hisses. My head spins. That's how she thinks I see her? That's what she thinks I'm angry about? I stare incredulously at the beauty in front of me, horrified at the way she has interpreted my distance after those dream-like few weeks of happiness. My mind races, desperately searching for the words that could make this right, that would wipe the pain and anger from her delicate features. I growl wordlessly at my failure and in one smooth motion that feels as easy and right as anything ever has, I stand and pull her to me, unable to let her go on thinking she is unloved and unwanted by me for a second longer.