wide as saucers, before a happy glint reached them. "Mommy!" she suddenly screamed excitedly while running in the direction of Madge, "Aunty Kat finally has a boyfriend!" " Samantha Rose !" Katniss exclaimed horrified while her eyes followed the retreating form of her Godchild, a deep blush overtaking her from head to toe. Peeta laughed out loud, his eyes traveling over her face, taking in her rosy cheeks. It made her blush even more. "Geez, I'm so sorry. Sam has no filter. At all ." Why didn't the earth open up and swallow her whole? "Don't worry," he snickered. He had his hands casually stuck in the back pockets of his jeans, which accentuated his arms and shoulders nicely. For a moment Katniss was distracted by the way his Adam's apple moved when he talked. "No, really. She gets something in her head and the next moment she blurts it out. It can lead to very embarrassing situations." Like right now . "Don't worry," he assured again. "Ty is the same." He pointed to a boy a few yards away, at the moment standing by Madge and Samantha. His honey blond hair glistened in the sun. Katniss' heart dropped to the bottom of her belly. Her blush had vanished, and now she looked rather pale. Naturally he had a family of his own. How she ever could have thought a charming, handsome man like Peeta Mellark was still single was beyond her. Prim had it totally wrong when she insisted that he had been flirting with her at Bed, Bath and Beyond . He was simply a friendly and polite person. "Your son is really cute," she therefore exclaimed, and dearly hoped that her voice didn't sound as miserable as she felt. "Is your wife around here as well?" "Oh!" Peeta blushed prettily (yes, she thought him pretty, married or not. So sue her! ). "Tyler's not my son. I'm his Godfather. He's Delly and Thom's oldest. You remember Delly, my cousin? She did the bookkeeping before you took over. Well, she went into labor this morning and so I offered to watch over Ty. I … I'm not married. Or in a relationship. Or dating anyone. Or … whatever." He started to rub his neck with one hand again, a chuckle escaping him. It was still very endearing. Katniss couldn't stop herself from beaming at him, both for thinking him very cute to do something like that for his family and friends in the spur of a moment, and out of relief that he wasn't married after all. Before she had the chance to reply, he took a deep breath and looked her directly in the eyes. "And coming back to Sam's announcement," he started, a teasing in his voice before it got slightly deeper, "filter or not, it probably broke quite a few hearts right now." "Oh, ha ha!" Katniss blushed, but wasn't able to avert her eyes, his look way too intense. Still, she needed to break the tension slowly building around them. "But, of course, you're right. I'm a regular heartbreaker, especially when it comes to 4 year olds." she deadpanned, her arms crossing in front of her. Wow! Suddenly it felt like flirting. When did she learn to flirt? Madge and Johanna always told her she was as charming as a dead slug when it came to flirting. Normally she couldn't even disagree. "Honestly!" Peeta's teasing turned bashful, his eyes suddenly riveted on a spot by his feet. "I would be devastated if I learned you had a boyfriend." "No … um … no boyfriend. Well, um … just … no boyfriend. That's it." "Oh," he gazed through his eyelashes up at her, one side of his mouth drawing up in a pleased grin. "That's … that's actually-" A loud, angry huff interrupted their conversation. With a frown she turned around, Peeta following her example. They found their godchildren standing face to face, deep in an argument. "Uncle Peet is the most strongest!" Tyler insisted, his small arms crossed in front of him. "So?" Samantha replied, the scowl on her face competing with Katniss' own. "Aunty Kat is the fastest. And the cleverest. And the most prettiestest. I mean, after Mommy, of course!" "She's half right," she suddenly felt more than heard the whisper at her ear, "I think, Aunty Kat is the prettiest, too. Period." The momentum of her turn nearly gave her whiplash. Surprised she stared at him, but he simply smiled back at her. Reaching up Peeta's fingers carefully brushed once over the end of her braid. Katniss' breath got stuck in her throat. Again, the kids' argument interrupted her reply. "But Uncle Peet is the bestest! He always gives me cookies when I come to the bakery." "I always get cookies, too! And my Aunty Kat is the bestest! She always plays everything with me, and watches Brave , and Mulan , and Pocahontas and all the other movies, no matter how many times we already saw them." At that moment Madge stepped around the girl and the boy and came to a halt beside Katniss. She greeted Peeta with a handshake and a smile, which he returned. "I think it's established," she said cheekily, "you're both the bestest ." It made them laugh together, and for a second they even forgot that the children's argument disrupted an important conversation between them. Katniss was afraid that now that they got interrupted again (the first time it was her own damn fault for not listening carefully, the second time Finnick appeared exactly three seconds too early, and now this!), the much needed chat would get postponed yet again. It felt like she tempted fate, because only a moment after she finished her frustrating thought, Madge turned with a wink to Peeta – her arms crossed in front of her – and playfully glared at him. "So, Peeta, tell me: When will you finally ask my best friend out on a date?" TBC