set with lavish food and drink next to the empty cornucopia. The other tributes where already their. For one hour we ate and chatted like normal people until we finished. "That was great wasn't it?" I asked Caleb. "Yes it was", Caleb said,"Wait a minute". We all got up and slowly turning around realizing that we all were here and what it means. Then "HA"! everyone yelled at once as they exchanged blows in unison. When the smoke cleared me and Caleb were crossing swords, Hopkins was pointing her trident at Vincent's shield, Blimmer was slashing at Pauls knife and Nenvis was exchanging hand to hand combat with Melix. I blasted caleb with my flamethrower but he twisted in mid air and hurled a knife. I shot Caleb with a continuous stream of electric arrows but he deflected all of them except one which gave him a cut. Suddenly Hopkins trident found his mark and vincent died. "Vincent!" I cried and rushed towads Hopkins with sword drawn but Caleb got their first and the cannon fired. Suddenly huge hailstones begain to rain from the sky. "Lets get out of here", I told blimmer the one remaning person from my carrier pack. She nodded and we joined the tributes running and dodging the hailstones. ANNOUNCERS POV "Well would you look at that Hopkins got defeated after all", Cradius said merrily, "Now let's take a look at her stats". Hopkins Seventeen kills rolled on the screen with her personal information. "This is shaping up to be very exiting eh Leamer?" "Oh yes yes", Leamer said, "The final battle is soon approching!" DAY 8 THE FALLEN Vincent: Eighth place Hopkins: Seventh place Melix: Sixth place Paul: Fifth place Blimmer: Fourth place FOUR MORE LEFT! MY POV The next day I got up feeling miserable. I thought that the best thing to do was to find the other tributes instead of avoiding the inevitable so I begain to run down the mountains to find them. Suddenly Nenvis ran out of the forest behined me screaming like a crazy person. She ran straight into my trap, her foot caught in the rope and was flung down a fifty foot hole. The cannon fired acknowledging that the only tributes left are Me, Caleb and the male capitol escort from district eight. Gunfire filled the air as two androids came out of the forest blasting at me with their guns instead of arms. I started deflecting bullets back with my sword which shattered harmlessly against them. I rolled to dodge a stream of bullets and slashed my sword against one which glanced off it's metal body. Deflecting more bullets I fired a blast from both of my guns. The armor shattered off them but they didn't die. I tried to shoot my guns again but it said that I need a fifty nine more minute recharge time. SHINERS POV "I have two thousand P$ to give for the amulet", Danial said handing them to Shiner. Shiner nodded and inserted them in. MY POV I dodged and deflected bullets but couldn't connect with any of my strikes. Suddenly a amulet fell from the sky and onto my body.I read the message attached saying what it does In my moment of distraction a bullet grazed my face and I fell to the ground. "STOP!" I cried telling the androids, "Cease Fire." The androids stopped firing. A forest fire suddenly erupted on all sides of me except east towards the cornucopia destroying the entire area so I directed the androids after me as I ran towards the Cornucopia. Once I reached the cornucopia I immediately spotted Caleb and the capitol escort. Caleb yelled in delight and they ran after me. I leaped into the air and simultaneously blocked Calebs sword strike while kicking hte escort in the face. "Androids open fire!" I cried. The amulet glowed causing my orders to be fowarded to the Androids and they fired at the capitol escort who deflected the bullets as I flipped through the air and made a perfect landing behined Caleb. Yelling in rage and pain, the capitol escort ran at me knife in hand while caleb blasted with his flamethrower forgetting about my suit. I parried the escorts five strikes, used a downward lunge which she sidestepped away. While I was doing this caleb ran at me but with one fist I punched him away. As quick as light I shot electricity arrows at caleb and while he deflected them I used a disarming slash to knock the capitol escorts sword out of her hand then the anndroids took care of the rest as the cannon fired. "Greetings remaning tributes", Rumdarch said over the loudspeaker, "Condradulations on making it this far. The final battle will take place now.. Good luck and may the odds be ever in your favor." I looked at Caleb and he looked at me. We ran at eachother and started swordfighting at incredible speeds. To set the mood Rumdarch created a thunderstorm that erupted while we fought. Using the storm I directed lightning bolts at Caleb with my weapon. Laughing Caleb deflected the bolt with his sword and I rolled out of the way to delflect it. We switched to hand to hand combat and I flipped Caleb over and he fell to the ground. Caleb got up and ignoring his injury disarmed me and and before I could defend myself stabbed me in the chest. I had time for one last thought before I died. GAMEMAKERS POV Rumdarch looked down at my body and for the first time in his life felt pity. He liked me after all and didn't want a lunatic to win the games. So rumdarch pressed a button and brought me back to life. MY POV I went back to life and before Caleb could do anything I zapped him with a lightning bolt and the cannon fired. I won the hunger games and will go home to a life of riches.