incident, she hasn't been able to go a day without wondering if his back was alright – if he was okay. Gale shrugs as if it was nothing. "Yeah, it's fine." He's trying so hard to be positive and happy that Madge rolls her eyes. "Don't act around me," she says, swatting his arm. "Honestly, it's okay to feel a little pain sometimes. Why do men never understand that?" Gale shrugs once again, playing for nonchalance. "Maybe it's because we never do feel any pain." "You're stupid." Madge wonders when those words became a substitute for 'I love you'. "You tell me that enough and I'll start to believe it." Madge rolls her eyes. "How's your family?" She asks him this because when he speaks about his family it is one of the only times when he really smiles, and she really misses that. "They're great. Posy lost her lisp." He replies, his lips curving into the smile she has been waiting for. They're walking now. No destination in mind, just simply two friends walking side by side. "They grow up so fast, don't they," says Madge slyly, nudging Gale with her elbow and winking. "I know," he laughs and she does her best not to be too affected by it. There's no denying she missed it though. "Before we know it, she'll be off gallivanting around shouting praises about some boy she met at school." "Oh my gosh!" exclaims Madge, clapping her hands over her mouth as she imagines the little lady that Posy will grow up to be. She can see her being every bit as beautiful as her brother is handsome. "Posy is going to have such a hard time dating with three older brothers!" "Well," says Gale, cracking his knuckles jokingly, "Whatever keeps 'em decent." They're running out of things to say to one another now, and Madge decides to end the conversation before it gets too awkward, because they can really only talk about family for so long. She smiles and squeezes his arm. "It was good to see you, Gale." He smiles back. "You too." They turn away from each other, both with words unspoken on their mouths. Madge is startled and a little bit scared at how easily they managed to talk to each other again. It was fun, nice. How long will she wait for him, she wonders? How long will she be able to convince herself that maybe he loves her too? How could she have let this happen? "Madge?" "Yes?" Madge whips herself around, smiling brilliantly but her eyes sad. Gale has his hands in his pockets, his gaze peculiar. "Bye." Madge just nods, her heart completely enamored with the man standing in front of her. He looks so strong, so determined. She thinks she could stare into his eyes forever. She never truly noticed how amazing he seemed to her, and now it seems like it's too late too notice. Her throat becomes heavy and her eyes start to well with tears, her resolve breaking. She stamps her feet into the ground, dust flying behind her in the sparesly filled streets. She stops. She's not used to seeing only two footprints. She dies like this: An almost-grown girl who was caught up in a blast that wasn't meant for her. It isthe finale of the Quarter Quell, everyone perched on the balls of their feet. Strange planes start to fly above them. Questions buzz around her: have Katniss and Peeta already won? Is it a food drop? Are Katniss and Peeta both dead, and this is the Capitol's way of announcing it? Then the planes start to circle and the screen in the town square turns to black, and everyone knows that this is different. The sudden blasts and the rubble flying everywhere soon concludes everyone's train of thoughts. Her blonde curls are singed off, and her face is unrecognisable. But the worst part? She is still alive. She is still alive when Gale (of course it is Gale, because really, who else would it be?) starts gathering up people to take them to the meadow ("move, come on, move! Don't you want to live?" ). She is still alive when he runs just ten inches away from her, with a crowd of other people, and she is still alive when he leaves her. Her voice croaks as she tries to yell after him, hardly making a sound at all. She is still alive for a while after that, barely breathing, her heart barely beating and her senses slowly fading. Smoke and the smell of the gasoline used to blast her district still hangs in the air, and she guesses that it will stay for a while, and as she closes her eyes... she thinks. It's true what they say, life really does flash before your eyes. And she is there – her mind desperately clinging to all her happy memories, a vain attempt to try and remember who she is. She remembers her first piano lesson, her first day of school, the day when Katniss came and sat next to her at lunch, her parents tucking her into bed just last night – the way the sheets felt so soft and snug against her tiny frame, the Reaping, Gale… One thought echoes through her head: will he remember me? Will any of them? This is what it comes down to, she thinks. In the last few breaths before you go, it isn't about good grades – or who was the fastest runner when you're about to die. And all she can think about is wasted time, wasted moments, wasted seconds that she would give anything to have back now. Her breath becomes shallow, and the pain is so intense that it is almost numbing her. She doesn't live for much longer, and the one last image she sees in her mind? The gray, seam eyes of the fourteen year old boy she met on that cold winter's day.