to just roll with it to a point, of course. Cato presses the button lazily and we wait in an awkward silence. The door is opened by a red-headed avox girl. "To four", Cato commands and the girl looks confused. "Stop staring and do as you're told, ginger. Push the damn button because that's the only thing you're good for", he then adds and the avox looks a bit hurt but obeys. We're there quickly and as the girl opens the door for us, Cato puts his arm around me. I don't stop him but I kind of give the red-head an apologetic smile as we walk past. As soon as we step out of the elevator, about a twelve-year-old boy corners us. Shit. He's from my district, my brother's best friend's little brother. I don't remember his name but I'm certain I know him. I try to hide my face by nuzzling into Cato's chest. I can feel him smirking. "4, get out of the way", Cato tells the boy casually. "What's your business here?" the boy questions. Cato snorts and pushes the kid out of the way. He leads me into a big bed room where are one other boy and three more girls. The boy's skinny and even taller than Cato. One of the girls is small, pale and dark and has a lot of freckles, the second one looks like the Greek goddess Aphrodite or maybe Persephone, curvy but slim, athletic and classically beautiful and the last one is a fierce-looking girl from my district who has an intense gaze. She won't recognize me. I only know her because once on a family visit from the academy she stole some fish from the market and got arrested by a peacekeeper, so no reason why'd she know me. The careers are watching me like I'm prey. I smile to myself. Reminds me of old times back in the academy. "Who's that?" the Aphrodite demands sounding jealous. "Oh, this is Hermia. Hermia Crane", Cato replies plainly. "Crane? As in…" the small girl starts, at the same time looking me up and down. "Seneca Crane's daughter", Cato finishes. The girl bursts out in laughter: "You for real?" The skinny guy puts his head in his hands looking amused and the rest of them just look at us judgingly. I turn to Cato but he looks as confused as I am so I take the lead. "You want proof?" I challenge the small girl. "Well, yeah", she sneers. I pull my new ID out of my purse and pass it to her. She looks at it for a moment and gives me a half smile: "Not bad." The Greek goddess snatches the ID from the small girl's hands and looks at it as if trying to see if it's fake. The guy next to him peers at the ID briefly and then turns his gaze to me. I don't look away so we just stare at each other in silence. "Give it here", the girl from my district sighs and the goddess throws it to her, "Yeah, she's real, so we're pass that? Now wanna smoke some?" "Hell yeah", Cato cheers and goes to sit with the classical beauty. The girl stands up and positions herself in Cato's lap resting her head on his chest. I just stand there awkwardly until Cato gestures me to sit beside him and the beauty. I squeeze in between them and the small girl. "I'm Clove", the small girl says and offers me a joint. I put it to my lips and she lights it. I breathe in the smoke and it tickles my throat. Soon the sweet smell of marijuana fills the whole room as the joint is passed to everyone. Cato and the beauty are cramped in a corner all over each other, the skinny boy and the district 4 girl lie on the bed and chat enthusiastically about fighting techniques and I sit on the floor with Clove drinking some kind of anise liquor which she has stolen from the kitchens. "So how come you know Cato?" Clove asks smirking. "We met on the roof today" I reply feeling a bit giddy. Clove slams her palm to her thigh and laughs: "That's so like him! He just met you was like: hey, wanna join and be my new thing? And then he just grabbed you and brought you here, am I right? "Yeah, that was pretty much it though Cato seems to be pretty occupied with something else", I point out and glance in the direction of the two lovebirds. "Oh, Glimmer. She just fools around with everything that moves, you name it. For fuck's sake, I wouldn't even be surprised if she had banged a fucking goat", Clove gloats. "Well, then Cato and Glimmer must be perfect for eachother", I remark, "Have you ever…? Umm..." Clove snorts and answers: "I've hit it once with Glimmer when we were both drunk but Cato… I've known him way too long to be affected by his pretty boy charm. We're both from the same district, you see." "Oh right", I response and take a gulp from the liquor bottle. It tastes delicious and kind of liquorice-y. The skinny guy comes to us and asks if we have an empty bottle. Clove empties one of them and yells: "Now you do!" The guy laughs and asks us to play "spin the bottle". We agree and Clove separates Cato and Glimmer and forces them to join. We form a circle and put the bottle in the middle. "Marvel, go first. This was your idea", Glimmer says gleefully to the skinny guy. "You know, this is called "spin the bottle", Glimmer" the guy remarks knowingly. "Well, spin the bottle then", the 4 girl says impatiently. Marvel sighs and spins the bottle. It lands on me, of course. "Truth or dare?" Marvel asks with a grin. "Dare", I announce and give my most confident smile. "Kiss Cato."