It shoots into the air, reverberating in my ears. I idly wonder as my screams slowly turn into sobbing blubbers if Haymitch or Peeta or even anyone in the world can hear my cries. If they did, would they even come to comfort me? I'm not so sure anymore. When I've finally calmed down enough, I decide I can't take it anymore. I need to get out of this stuffy room, take a walk, clear my head. I'm past my porch and beginning to walk towards the entrance to the Victor's Village when someone grabs my arm. Okay, so "grabs" is a little too rough of a word. It was more of a gentle grasp, but I still react as if someone has electrocuted me. I freeze before whipping around and twisting out of their grasp. I'm about to bolt off through the iron gates and never come back until I glance around to meet his curious eyes. Concerned, soft, loving, and bright blue. I immediately relax. "What was that?" I ask, stumbling back a few feet. "You scared me so much!" I'm almost giddy with relief that it's only him, only Peeta, until I remember it's only him . It's him. A mere two feet away, standing with a healthy glow radiating out of him, reaching out to me. For a second I almost forget the hardships of this past week as I just stare, dumbfounded, into those cerulean blue eyes that softly melt my chest, relax my muscles, assure me without any words. Unconsciously I lean forward. This surprises me, considering I never used to have to try so hard to stay away from him, until now, which as his eyes widen considerably, I can tell he's thinking the same thing. I quickly shake it off, regaining composure just as he is about to start talking. "I'm sorry," he says softly, his blue eyes genuinely concerned. "I didn't mean to scare you. I heard you, and was going to come see if you were all right when I noticed you were leaving." His eyebrows raise at this idea, asking me a silent question. Why were you trying to leave? I would have responded with an "oh, thanks" right away, but my brain locks onto his words, branding them into memory. He came to see me, be with me , and comfort me . My heart swells, not even realizing that the pause has gotten a little too long and possibly awkward. "Oh, right um. Thank you." I stutter awkwardly. I can see in his eyes that he clearly has observed my matted hair, tear-streaked cheeks, and red eyes. He looks as if he wants to say something, but he bites it back. A small smile touches his lips as he hears my uncomfortable response. I hope he hasn't put together the fact that I was gazing at him a little too intently. I just stand there, my arms crossed across my chest, suddenly freezing despite the thick, warm air. "I have them too," he says suddenly. Maybe it's his tone of voice or the look in his eyes, or maybe even just the fact that I've known him so long, shared so much with him, that leads me to the conclusion without a doubt he is talking about nightmares. I nod slightly, but he understands. He steps forward hesitantly. "I couldn't bear to hear it without doing anything. I know I would want someone to come for me." "I could never tell when you were having nightmares, though," I offer, pushing my hair out of my eyes. 'Right," he says. I can tell he's trying not to say something. "Well, that's changed some since you've been… gone." He won't say out loud into the open air the fact that it's been forever since we slept together in that bed to keep each other's bad dreams at bay. But I know that's what he means. So he must be confused on how close we are now too. "Katniss," he begins, gently, and I can tell he's about to spit it out, something that's been on his mind. "Let's be friends. I'm not sure where your feelings stand, and mine-" he falters, then recovers composure so quickly I think I might have imagined it. "I—I want to give you what you want." His statement confuses me, but I don't have the courage to ask him what he wants. So I nod again, not as coldly. He relaxes visibly and smiles. "Okay, good." Then he stares at me with those blue eyes, his smile lighting up his face in my old, favorite way. The smile that shows him for what he is, which is good . He's good through and through. He moves forward the slightest bit towards me. My hands ache to reach out and hold his, just for the feeling of safety. "I've missed you," he whispers, his eyes sparkling against the night. His soft words permeate into the still night, lingering in the air. I can't help but smile in return. Maybe it's my loneliness, or the fact that I realize Peeta is finally back, truly back, as his kind, gentle self, but I blurt my honest feelings without thinking about it. "I've missed you more," I breathe, closing the space between us and wrapping my arms tightly around his neck. His hands slid up my back, which makes me shiver, but not because I'm cold. He buries his face in my hair and silent tears roll down my cheeks because I'm so glad I have him back. Someone to lean on, confide in. The places where his skin touches mine tingle slightly with a heat, slowly spreading through my body to the very tips of my fingers and toes. He murmurs soothing words as my cries become audible and I begin to clutch him tighter. And just like that night on the train before the Quarter Quell, I know I won't be the first to let go.