4's floor." "Okay," Estrella whispered, pulling away and laughing loudly as if he'd said something funny. None of the other victors, apart from Katniss and Peeta, batted an eyelash – Finnick Odair and Estrella Oxley being friends was nothing new to them, it was a given that they would be allies in the arena. "I'm gonna go talk to the Girl on Fire," Finnick told her. "You take Peeta?" "Nah," she said "I'm talking to Mags." And sauntered off towards her. "Mags," she smiled softly, taking the older woman's hands in hers. "You look lovely." Mags placed a tender hand on her cheek, and gestured to Estrella in a 'so do you' way. "Thank you," she grinned. Of all the people she knew here, Mags was probably her favourite; she'd had a soft spot for the elderly woman since she had taught her how to tie fishhook after her Games and had respected her far longer – she adored the old woman. "How are the grandkids?" She asked. A wide smile stretched across Mags' worn face as she pulled out a picture of three young children standing ankle deep in the sea. "Vivien," she pointed to the oldest, a girl who looked to be around ten with fiery red hair. "Cephas," she then pointed to a boy, who was around seven, who also had fiery red hair. Finally, Mags pointed to a little girl with golden hair and a gap-tooth smile, "Adrie," she mumbled. "They're beautiful," Estrella complimented as the voice that told the tributes to go to their chariots sounded. "I'll see you soon, okay? Do you need any help getting on?" Mags nodded and Estrella promptly lifted the eighty year old onto her chariot, setting her down gently, before setting off towards her own chariot. "You look divine, Stell," Tom told her. "Thank you, Tom," she smiled despite herself. "You're looking rather dapper yourself." "An old man must try," he joked as Estrella lifted him onto the chariot with ease, getting on after. "I'll never know how you manage to do that." "I grew up on a farm," she told him. "I've spent my entire lift lifting bales of hay and animals – you weigh nothing compared to a cow carcass." The chariot began to move and Estrella plastered her typical sultry smirk on her face, staring at the screaming Capitol with eyes that screamed 'come and get it'. Roses, telephone numbers and even a few bras were thrown at her. "God," Estrella muttered to Johanna as they walked towards the lifts, pulling pieces of perfumed paper from her hair as they did so, and casually strutted into the one with District 12 in it. "You guys look amazing," Johanna told them. "Thank you," Katniss said. Johanna went on another rant about her stylist. "My stylist is such an idiot," she said as she began yanking out her hair pieces. "District 7, lumber, trees. Ugh. I'd love to put my axe in her face." Estrella snorted. Johanna began to take off her jewellery. "So what do you think? Now that the whole world wants to sleep with you?" "I don't think that the whole world-" Katniss began. "I wasn't talking to you," Johanna whirled around. Estrella had to bite her lip to stop herself from laughing. "Okay," Katniss muttered. "This is my stop," Estrella muttered to Johanna as the elevator came to the fourth floor. "I'll see you later, Jo." "See you later, Tel." Johanna responded as she slipped through the doors without a sound or a glance at the people from 12. Estrella sighed as she knocked on District 4's door. Their escort, Drusilla, opened it. "Estrella, darling!" She squealed, kissing her on both cheeks. Estrella smirked. "How you doing, baby?" Drusilla blushed. "I'm great! How are you?" "I've never been better," she winked. "I need to speak with Finnick. Is he here?" "Yes, yes," Drusilla rushed out, turning and calling. "Finnick, someone's here to see you." "Who is it?" He asked, casually strolling towards the door in only a pair of pyjama bottoms. "Ah, Stella, come in." Estrella followed him to his room where she jumped onto his bed. "What've you got this week?" She questioned, referring to his clients. "Three on Monday, two on Tuesday, four on Wednesday, three on Friday," he told her. "What about you?" "That's not too bad," she responded. "Ugh, I've got four on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday, three on Wednesday and one on Saturday." Finnick winced. "Have fun with that." "I can't help but get the feeling that they're going to enjoy it more than I will." She laughed mirthlessly. "How's Annie?" "No better," he sighed. Annie Cresta was a close friend of both of them; Estrella believed that Finnick was in love with her. "What does Snow wants us to do?" "He's wants us to film a few tapes," she responded. Tapes, as the Capitolites called them, were basically videos that were published by Snow of his prostitutes having sex – it wouldn't be the first for either of them. "Oh, and we've got some joint clients." She added disgustedly. Finnick's face scrunched up. "Have you had them before?" He asked. "Yeah," she recalled. "Have you?" He shook his head. "I've had several at once but I've never done a joint." "Ah, I did some with Cashmere," Estrella told him. "When we do one, it'll probably be a couple that buys us; you'll take the woman, I'll take the man, then you'll take the man and I'll take the woman – or, we take each other and they watch. It's okay, you get to ask for double the secrets." Finnick nodded. "Okay," he said, well aware that they'd both done and been through worse. "You know about 13, right?" "Plutarch told me," she bit her lip. "Reckon it'll work?" "I hope so," he responded. A/N: I know that some of this may be wrong - please let me know what you think; reviews are greatly appreciated! LittlexMissxVicious X