pull his face to mine, kissing him hard on the mouth, running my tongue over his lips, coaxing his tongue back to me. He knows what I want, but he's holding it back. "Give me your tongue," I groan into him. I can feel his smile against my lips. He loves when he's able to make me tell him what I want. The more I talk, the more excited he gets, and I'm rewarded when he strokes his tongue against mine. I suck it back into my mouth just as his fingers find their way through my slick folds, dipping inside me. First one, then two fingers reach into me, curling forward to rub that most sensitive place. The combination of Peeta's fingers and tongue cause me to cry out in ecstasy, and I'm rewarded again when he adds the attentions of his thumb over my clit. Peeta's skillful ministrations have me panting and gasping for air, and I'm overcome with lightheadedness as a tantalizing heat races through my body. My hands seek a way to steady myself by fisting into the sheets, and I screw my eyes shut, focusing only on the sensations coiling deep in my belly. "Open your eyes," Peeta breathes. "I want to see you." My eyes fly open, meeting Peeta's gaze dead on. His blue eyes have gone completely black. He presses his forehead to mine, increasing the intensity of his fingers' movements. My hands tangle into his hair to pull him even closer. Our lips hover and ghost against each other and our breathing grows rougher still; gasps that come out in hard pants collide in the small space between our lips. His eyes never leave mine. I moan, and the heat rises. I groan, and the fire consumes me. I cry out and come undone. "Dammit, you're so beautiful when you come," he whispers, lowering his lips to my ear. His tongue traces the outer shell as his fingers coax me through the last of the convulsions that have swept through my body. His lips return to mine, tender and soft, waiting for me to return to my senses. "Katniss…" "Hmmm?" "If you're still sure, I'm going to fuck you now." Heat instantly pools between my legs again. "Yes—yes please," I huff out into the darkness. Oh, fuck yes please. Please. Peeta positions himself between my thighs and pushes into me with a moan. My hands clutch at his ass and scrabble at his lower back in an attempt to bring him as close to me as possible. He feels impossibly good, and I swear I can feel him swell even more as I pull him closer. I want every inch of him touching every inch of me; I want to be buried under the weight of him, I want to be consumed by him. We stay like this for just a few moments, looking at each other. Peeta's eyes glisten with love and adoration, and his lips turn up slightly when I buck up against him, searching for friction. "Are you ready?" I nod furiously because all hope I had of speaking flitted away when Peeta buried himself inside me. Peeta moves, slowly at first. Each thrust is deep and measured, hitting that sensitive spot with each glancing pass of his cock. I run my fingers up his spine, scraping him lightly with my fingernail. A tremor runs through his body, chasing after my touch. I pepper the side of his face and jawline with soft kisses and turn my head so my lips graze against his ear. "I love you…so much." Peeta groans in response and pulls up on his elbows, increasing the speed and depth of his thrusts. I can feel the familiar tightening in my stomach again as he moves inside me. I steady myself, clasping one hand on his bicep while the other grasps lightly at his throat. My legs wrap around his hips, locking my feet behind him. I pull him at him with my legs, driving him deeper and harder as his cock pushes farther into me. Peeta keeps up a frantic pace, his blonde curls damp with dark sweat. His eyelids are heavy, lips parted, as he gasps for each breath. He's so beautiful. "Katniss, are you close?" I am, and I cry out to him to reassure him that I am close. So very close . The warmth in my belly has returned, and it's being stoked into a raging inferno that radiates through my body. My toes clench and fingers dig into Peeta's flesh as I chase fire straight over the edge. "Peeta!" I cry out as white, hot lights erupt behind my eyes and searing currents pulse through my limbs, erupting from my fingers and toes. I can feel my walls flutter and clench around Peeta's cock as he drives into me once, twice, three more times before his movements become erratic. His hand seizes my ass when he comes, emptying himself into me with a shout. We lie together for what seems like hours but are really only a few minutes, reveling in each other and what we've maybe just done. Peeta rolls to the side of me and pulls me to his chest. I place my ear to the spot where I always rest my head, where I can listen to the rhythm of his beating heart. It beats wildly, the same as my own, but gradually slows as I trace small circles through the hairs on his chest. "Peeta?" I whisper softly. "Hmmm?" "When we get pregnant, will you promise me one thing?" Peeta rolls me onto my back, and looks me in the eye. "Anything," he says as he caresses my cheek. "Will you sing Guns N' Roses to our baby?" Peeta chuckles, dropping his head to kiss his way downwards, punctuating each word with a sweet kiss to my belly. "Every. Damn. Day." I smile and think to myself soon…very soon. Sweet child of mine. His Ours.