words running through my mind as I lay on the floor in the nursery. I cried all the way back to the house, but Peeta tried to stay strong for me. As soon as we got through the door, I ran upstairs into our room. I bawled, tears racking my body. Peeta came in eventually and held me, hushing my cries. Later, he fell asleep, but the feeling of emptiness in my stomach didn't allow me to try to chase sleep. I found myself on the floor of the nursery, crying quietly. "Where'd you go, Damian? Why did you leave your Daddy and me here?" I ask aloud, clutching the teddy bear Gale had sent for the baby to have. His small hands would never hold it, his little eyes never to see us. His small body never to be held in my arms. I turn to see Peeta standing in the door way, his blood-shot eyes filled with tears. I wipe my face and sniffle. In a matter of seconds Peeta's arms are wrapped around my, holding my body close. He buries his head in my neck, just as the sobs escape my body. I know he's crying, too, when I feel the tears streak across my shoulder. We sit there for the longest time, clutching the bear between us and crying. Peeta finally breaks the silence and pulls away from me. "We can't forget Damian, Katniss. We can't ever forget him." I shake my head, looking into his blood-shot eyes. "I won't." He kisses me softly, then pulls away and lies with me. His hand finds my stomach, and he begins to sing the ending of the song he always refused to think about, let alone sing. "You were just a small bump unborn for four months, then torn from life. Maybe you were needed up there, but we're still unaware as why." Epilogue: Ten years later I smile over at Katniss as we watch the little girl and boy run through the meadow. She smiles at me, shaking her head. I smile more, crawling over the picnic blanket to kiss her neck, "What?" She laughs lightly, saying, "Peeta, stop it," but not making any move to end my actions. I kiss her collarbone, just where she likes it. She swallows hard, trying to hold back the moan she is dying to release. "Peeta Mellark, stop it now. I will not have you seducing me in the meadow." I smile as I kiss her lips, "You didn't seem to mind it until now, Mrs. Mellark." She scowls and pushes me so I fall onto the grass. "Momma! Don't hurt Daddy!" I laugh as our ten-year-old brown haired blue-eyed girl, LillyAnn, runs up and helps me up. Katniss looks shocked, and opens her mouth to say something, but I cut her off, "Yeah, Momma. Don't be rough with Daddy." Katniss glares at me, "I will be rough with Daddy." I raise an eyebrow at her as my shoulders shake with laughter. She's about to ask me why I'm laughing when her eyes get big. I laugh harder as her face turns red and she slaps my shoulder. I smile and lean in to kiss her, but stop right before I do, and whisper, "Save it for later, Kat." She opens her mouth just as I kiss her. "Ewwwwww." I smile and pull back just as our blond-haired, grey eyed five-year-old son, Xavier, comes and sits next to his sister. I pull both of them into a bear hug, and they giggle wildly. "All right, all right. Settle down now." I let go of our kids as Katniss tried to get them to wind down a bit. I lean over and whisper to the kids, "Momma's a party-pooper." They giggle and Katniss glares at me again. I return the favor with a wink; she blushes and tries to hide her flustered face behind her curtain of long hair. "Okay, kiddos, so you know why we're here, right?" LillyAnn nods, but Xavier shakes his small head, his light blond curls falling into his eyes. I smile, brushing them back so they were out of his eyes. "Xavier, we were supposed to have an older brother, Damien. But Momma got sick, and the baby went to heaven with Aunt Prim, Grandpa Everdeen, and Grandpa and Grandma Mellark." "Oh." The little five-year-old says, looking confused and a little sad. "Well, was Momma okay?" I smile gently and look over at Katniss, she has a sad look on her face, and she was zoned out. "Yeah, Momma was eventually okay. I was, too. But Mamma didn't want any more babies for a loonngg time." I stretch the word out, trying to keep the air a little light. Xavier nods and then looks over to where Katniss is staring. A small tombstone, barely bigger than a textbook, is sitting on the hill overlooking the district, now renamed New England, something it was called hundreds and hundreds of years ago. Katniss smiles and looks down at our thoughtful kids. "We still love Damian very much, though. So we celebrate the day he died every year." Xavier nods then whispers to LillyAnn. She nods her head and whispers back to him. The two kids are very close, just like Katniss and Prim used to be. I smile gently at Katniss, wrapping my arm around her shoulders, pulling her close and then kissing her head. After all these years, we can finally settle into a few long years of normalcy. She smiles up at me, kissing my lips gently. "I love you." I was never going to get tired of hearing that. "I love you, too." I am about to kiss her again when I hear LillyAnn clear her throat. Katniss and I look over at her. "Xavier has a question." She makes a "go on" gesture to him then smiles happily. "What's up, little man?" I ask. "Where do babies come from?" Like I said, complete normalcy.