I never would have taken you for a romantic, Katniss." "I'm not. Maybe more of a frustrated romantic. I heard once, that beneath every cynic is a frustrated romantic. It seems to fit me." "I kind of like that you're a cynic - no matter how frustrated you are. It makes me want to prove you wrong." He's flirting with me, trying to make light of the situation again, and I can't help the smile that overtakes my face. It's so typical of Peeta to try to set me at ease when he's the one hurting. "I know an affair is wrong," I state quietly. "But whatever happened with them changed my mother for the better. I can't help but be grateful for that, no matter how it ended. But I hate that it hurt you." This time he's the one who leans into me, and we sit there silently for a few moments just staring at the pile of letters before us. He feels so warm and strong against me. I guess those are two things I've always associated with Peeta. He's always seemed so solid to me. It's a testament to his character that he's remained such a solid and kind man despite the secrets his family held. It would have been easy to let the turmoil of his childhood change him into someone far less appealing. Something this big is bound to change people, regardless if they know it's happening or not. People can't have something that big weighing on them without it shaping them somehow. I know it had a profound effect on me. I probably would have grown up resenting my mother for being a vacant shell of a person, instead Peeta's father helped bring her back to us. I guess he showed her that life could be good again after the loss of my father. "Maybe he thought he was doing the right thing. A kind of penance or something and just tried to make the best of a bad situation," he says suddenly. "That just seems so wrong." I don't know what makes me take his hand in mine and bring it to my mouth, placing a soft, lingering kiss to his knuckles. I just know that it feels right. I want to comfort him. His eyes seem glued to our clasped hands, shock lighting his eyes. I begin to regret my boldness and try to untangle my hand from his, but he doesn't let me. Instead, he pulls me closer, his free hand tangling in my braid, eyes boring into mine. He says my name quietly before bringing his lips to mine. I can taste the wet, bitter tang of his beer when my tongue darts out to meet his. He tugs me to him again, arms circling my waist and suddenly I am in his lap, my legs fitting perfectly around his hips, lips still fused with his. He feels so good. He says my name between kisses over and over again like it is some kind of oath, his fingers slipping the band from my hair and deftly unwinding each plaited strand, and I can't help but wonder why we have never done this before. He feels hard and soft all at the same time. The hard plains of his muscles contrast with his soft touch and make me hungry for more. My hands find the hem of his shirt and I tug it clumsily over his head, the light waves of his hair falling messily into his eyes as I toss the shirt to the side. I let my eyes wander his torso for a moment, fingers tracing each line of muscle, before I find myself needing his mouth on mine again. Everything happens so fast. A rush of emotion fueled by an unmatched urgency propels us forward until we are a tangled mess of naked limbs on the floor. He hovers over me, fitting himself snugly between my legs. I ache for him, a deep-down, raw ache that makes me clutch his hips in my hands and pull him into me. " Fuck, " he groans as he slides into my heat, his head falling into the hollow of my neck, mouth latching onto the sensitive skin. His movements are slow and controlled, drawing out the pleasure as we move together, his hands, lips and teeth reverently traveling the curves of my body. I pull my leg over his hip, somehow needing him closer. We sigh together as he sinks impossibly deeper, and everything zeros down to that one point, then bursts apart and sending us both over the edge. He collapses onto his forearms, careful not to crush me under him. He peers at me from under hooded lids when I brush the sweat-darkened strands of his blond hair from his forehead, a boyish smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. "If I had know all it would take to get you this way was a sandwich and all my family's secrets, I would have made you dinner and confessed my life to you years ago." I know the look on my face is one of disbelief. I just can't hide it, but it's the soft look in his cornflower blue eyes and the tender touch of his fingers feathering over my face that catches my breath in my throat. "You have no idea, do you, Katniss?" I pull his face down to mine again and kiss him slowly, not willing to acknowledge what the look in his eyes might mean. "Should we finish packing?" he says against my mouth between lazy, lingering kisses. I shake my head no and wrap my legs around him when he moves to pull out of me, unwilling to let him go… needing him as close to me as possible. " Don't. Stay." The smile that lights his face is blinding. He threads his fingers through mine and brings them between us, kissing each knuckle. " I'm not going anywhere."