competes in this year games. No vounteers will be accepted ( in 12 peeta was reaped)' NO. Was my only thought. If snow introduced this rule then that meant that Lily would diffenetly be reaped. I looked at Lily but she was staring at the round trying to keep in one piece she didnt realise what this meant but Mags did, she looked at me with heartbreak. 'As per usall, lets have the gents first.' Gaga walked towards the males bowl and lifted out a slip. 'This years male tribute from district 4 is...Finnick odair' Everyone clapped polietly, i wasnt surprised that i was reaped, i walked and took my place smiling at everyone as i did. 'And now for the ladies' As gaga reached into the bowl all i could think was please by some miracle let it be mags or amy, let only the idea of Lily being picked be enough torment, that snow would have me endure. But i knew it wouldnt. 'And this years femae tribute from district 4 is...Lily Rea' With those words my entire world came crashing down. I looked at Lily but she was in shock she whipped her head around widly begging for someone to come save her, but no one could, all you could hear was her mothers anguished screams, everyone felt sorry for the poor mad girl. Two peacekeepers came up and shoved her forward, and a felt an intense wave of anger. I walked quickly towards her, as soon as my hand touched her elbow, she calmed down. Her painfully beautiful big eyes stared up at me lost, I guided her towards the podium where the tributes stand. I wrapped my arm around her shoulder and kissed her head,' Just hold on for another minute love' I whipered, it was the first time i had shown public affecton for her infront of the capitol. ' This years tributes Finnick Odair and Lily Rea!' Gaga's voiced sang out, no one clapped, but instead there looked on with sorrow. I turned to face the crowd keeping my arm around Lily. I looked down at her and she nodded her head. I retracted my arm and at the same time we raised our right hand, using our small finger we drew a circle over our hearts before placing our hand firmly over our hearts. Then we raise our left fist clenched in the air. In distrit 12 they have the three fingered salute, we have this. It shows solidarity to our district, everyone mimics our actions and i know Snow will not be happy with this but what more can he do. As soon as the peacekeepers see what is happening they rush us of stage towards the trains. ... I sat resting my back agianst the head board watching my flower sleep, she was curled up into my side with her hand on my chest clutching my shirt,she looked so peacefull but i knew it woudnt last, soon the nightmares would come. I felt so useless we were on the train on the way to the capital to compete in the games again. I remeber watching snow tells us that the tributes would be reaped from the exisiting victors and i knew we both would be going back in, snow hates us to much. Mags said she was going to volunteer for lils but a new rule was announced that unless the tribute said the exact words 'i volunteer' it would not count, mags had lost her voice so when lils name was called she coudnt do anything. It was all my fault, i knew having a realtionship would make her a target but as long as i kept pleasing my clients and she kept pleasing her's Snow left us only but i guess he had had enough I was so wrapped up in my memories i didnt notice the pain showing on lily's face before she started to scream, i quickly grabbed her arms, i tried to wake her up but unless i get her awake before she starts screaming it takes a good five minutes to wake her up. Eventually her eyes fluttered opened, she sat up on the edge of the bed but sat staring unfocused at the wall, i walked round to the side of the bed and kneeled down infront of her. I lifted her arms and placed them around my neck , they hung losely there,she was still locked away in her mind. I cupped her face with both of my hands and rubbed her cheeks with my thumbs,'C'mon baby, come back to me...I need you'i said helplessly to her, her eyes remained glazed over, i pressed my head against hers and whispered sweet nothings to her, eventually her hands tightened round my neck and i enevolped her in a hug. I pulled back and looked into those hazel eyes i feel in love with, no words were needed , we simply stared at each other. She climbed backed into the bed and under the covers, i layed down beside her and opened my arms, she gratefully came into them. We just lay there, my arms wrapped around her protectively,our legs entertwined and her head tucked under mine. She slowly drifted of to sleep. Both of us wouldnt make it out alive, i wouldnt let her die but if i was killed her fragile mind would shatter. She often explaind her mind was like a piece of porclien, it was broke during the games, but i put it back togther again. She said i was the glue and that if i ever left the porclien would break again and never be put back together. She was my porclien doll. When she was reaped I was so angry that we did district 4's version of the three fingered salute, i knew it would cause serious trouble. I all but assured her death in that areana I just didnt know what to do. Hope you like ;)