stylist is such an idiot. District 4. Lumber. Trees. I'd love to put my axe in her face' I noticed Lily shift slighty at 'jo's crued comment, Finnick rubbed her arms, the elevator stopped at the foruth floor,' Bye' lily said quitely to us before walking of with finnick trailing behind her grinning.'See you later crazy' jo shouted after them before the door closed and she retreated back towards peeta, pulling her ponytail to the side... Finnick POV Johanna is a good friend of mine but i hate the way she calls my lily crazy , shes not, she just has a hard time dealing with her demons. As we walk out of the elevator i hear johanna call out,'See you later crazy.' The elevator closes behind me but i just stand there furling and unfurling my hands, lily is NOT CRAZY. Suddenly i feel a feather light touch on my arm, i looked down to see my angels face peering up at me worriedly,'Whats wrong my love?' she asks, before i can answer she sighs and wraps her arms around my waist,'Jo doesnt mean anything by it, you know her its just the way she is.' She knew what was bothering me without me having to even to tell her, she was always able to read me like a book. I smile back at her in response, one of my hands rest on her hip, my thumb tracing the skin above her hip. I lift my other hand and pull the tie out of her plait, i run my fingers through it letting it unravel to her natural bouncy curls,'I like your hair better this way' i say smirking down at her, its not the smirks i give the capitol but the one i use just for her.'I know, its impossible to put my hair up when around you cause all you do is take it down.' She says smiling up at me. A light chuckle escapes my throat, i hold her chin between my fingers and lean down to entrap her in a kiss. I pull her against me as i deepen the kiss, her tongue dances with mine and i induldge of the taste of peppermint in her mouth. It feels so good to show my love for her openly now amongst our friends, we're already going back into the games, what else can snow do? Her hands trail up my back giving me shivers before finally resting on my shoulders using them as leverage to pull herself up towards me. I wrap my arm around her waist pulling her even tighter against my while my other hand holds the back of her neck. I lose myself in the kiss but am snatched out of it by a loud cough. I turn around and instanely I make sure Lily is safe behind me when i see plutarch heavensbee standing there. 'Mr Odair, Miss Collins could i steal you both for a minute to-ah-discuss some perticulars' Lily POV I was lying on my side, finn lying behind me, his arm under my head and the other round my stomach, he had his head buried in my neck.'i wont put her before you' he stated. Plutarch had told us of a plan to rescue katniss and peeta from the arean for the rebellion, if we helped them survive until they could be rescued, we would be taken as well to district 13. We both could live. I sighed and rolled over, pushing him onto his back and i climbed on top of him , straddling him.'Finn, katniss is the face of the revolution, she can change everything, we have to get her and peeta out alive. They are the most important, i dont matter.' As soon as i said it i knew i had said the wrong thing, he quiclkly sat up and held my face, his eyes burned with intenstity as he looked at me,'There is no-one more important in the whole world to me, understand, i wont ever let any harm come to you', i carressed his hand holding my face and turned slighty to kiss,' i know that and i love you for it but i dont want to live in fear anymore, those games they-they destroyed me, made me go insane-'i held a finger to his lips to stop him interupting me'-i want to live my life with you without fear of snow watching us . I want to be free.' He continued to stare at me, not fully convinced. I sighed and hung my head against his chest. Finnick POV She sighed and hung her head against my chest, i understood were she was coming from, i wanted to marry her, hopefully have children with her but the threat of snow and the games stopped me. I wanted a different life too, but i couldnt risk losing her but if we didnt agree to help plutarch she would be killed in that arena, at least this way she had a chance.'Alright, we'll agree to putarch's plan but dont you dare risk your life, i wouldnt be able to go on without you.' She looked at me with love and happiness but underneath i could still see that fear and pain tht controlled her. Snow would pay. Before i could do anything a mishevious glint flashed across her eyes, she had been leaning in to kiss me but instead her tongue darted out and licked my cheek. I burst out with laughter and flipped her over onto her back, and started to relentlessly tickle her, she screamed begging me to stop. When i did her cheeks where flushed, her hair spread out on the pillow and her face full of laughter. Perfection. Her smooth hand lightly caressed my face, 'i love you so much' she whispered. 'I love you more than you ever will now' I leaned down and captured her lips with mine Needless to say...we were very tired for training the next day.