cheek. The umbilical cord is cut and their little girl, my niece, is placed into my arms. She's warm, soft, fragile, and glowing. She's everything. Her cries have turned to little panted gasps as a few doctor's work to put Annie back together while Doctor Edison tells me that whenever I'm ready, little baby is ready to be cleaned off. I don't even think about handing her over yet. Not before she has the chance to see her own mother. I try to beat away feelings that this is wrong, that I have to be the one to hold their child first and not them, as I gently rest the baby against her mother's chest. She squirms a little closer, right towards Annie's heart, and I can just imagine this tiny little miracle baby warming her mother from the inside out and bringing her back to health. But that's not the case. Just a few moments later, Annie's eyes are fluttering open and I can see her shallow breaths as she breathes, "A girl. So beautiful… Peeta. I—love her." Now tears are streaming down my face in earnest. "I know you do, Ann. She's still yours. You have to fight. You have to hang on." Annie's eyes crinkle and her face contorts into a tiny smile of acceptance and grief and love all so intense it forms a fissure in my heart. "Don't—be sad. Peeta. Finnick… she is me—and—and Fin. And we—he… would want her…" her voice trails off in a hoarse crack, but I can see in her eyes the determination to finish her sentence before her eyes give up and flutter closed. "He would want her… to be yours. If she couldn't—be ours." And with that, her eyes flutter closed, and it's the last time I ever see the eyes of Annie Cresta. Eyes that used to show shining concern and unparalleled empathy. I still have the baby, and I feel shaky. Doctor Edison seems to understand as he gently removes their daughter from my weakening arms. I sob. I grip Annie's hand and lay my head on her unmoving chest as I weep for all that I have lost, like a child that needs its mother's heartbeat to reassure itself. But this time, there's no sound. I don't know how long I am there before the Doctor comes back in, their little girl nowhere in sight, as he tells me my friends are here. Delly, Johanna, and Madge tentatively step into the operating room, still too bright for my eyes. Doctor Edison turns off the overhead light on his way out to wait in the hall. Madge's face contorts when she sees me, lying there next to Annie's prostrate body, and then all four of us are crying, even Johanna's head buried in my shoulder as we become a mass of arms tangled around each other. We've all lost two of our best friends. Delly's heaving sobs barely allow her to speak, but somehow she does. "Oh my God. Where is—where is the baby? And Fin… Oh, Peeta. You are—so brave. The bravest… person I know." Madge is sobbing uncontrollably and has her face buried against the slightly bloody gown of Annie's sewn-up stomach. And Johanna won't come out from the side of my shirt as her shoulders shake hard and silently. After what feels like hours, Jo emerges, a dead, determined look on her face. She's decided to be the strong one. "Look, we need to let her body go. We need to come to terms with letting this part of her—go." Her voice slightly falters. "And then we can see Fin." My throat closes up just thinking about seeing my very best friend lying on a table, cold and lifeless. "No," I say, too firmly. "It's not how he or Annie would want us to remember him. We need to let their bodies be." Delly lets out another sob, and Jo nods one time, fast as her eyes start to blink unnaturally again. I tentatively stand up, and it's like all the blood rushes to my head. The dizziness almost consumes me but Delly grabs my hand and squeezes. "I'm going to let the doctors know we've said our goodbyes to her. That way, we can- uh- move somewhere more comfortable and wait to see the baby." Jo stands, and the other girls follow. We walk out of the room, and don't look back. One thought gets me to the end of the hall and through the short, stabbing conversation with Doctor Edison. This thought takes me past the grieving couple that is slumped against the wall, and past a crying, grey-eyed, raven-haired girl that self-consciously looks up as we trudge by. She's alone, and I would probably find her beautiful if I wasn't so numb. But it's my one thought, the little baby girl, who a few minutes later we see through a glass window in the infant's ward, that keeps my shaky control maintained. I want to give this little girl everything. And because they can't, I will try to. Now, she is not only theirs but mine, too. Just like Annie said. A part of me that is foreign and strange and so utterly protective arises and fills that fissure in my heart, the one that cracked back in that operating room. She is what will hold me together, from now on, no matter what. And tonight is just the beginning. Hope you liked! I know the beginning is long and drones about Peeta, but I really wanted everyone to understand his story and where he's coming from. Also, I know this is the longest prologue ever, but I wanted to preface this birth and the situation because after a few chapters of Peeta getting used to being a father and having some subtle run-ins with Katniss, we might jump like two years to about a two-year-old little girl with Peeta so we can officially bring Katniss in. Anyway, thanks for reading!