long had it been since that episode? Eight weeks? Ten? Sometimes I feel as if I've been imprisoned in this hospital. Wanting desperately to be stable enough to go home, I've plunged into my therapy with the same determined focus I channeled when we trained for the Quarter Quell. My goal, I have decided, remains keeping Katniss alive, and I can't do that from here. I examine the portrait of Katniss. It still evokes images of varying degrees of sheen, but as I run my fingertips over the brushstrokes, I am suddenly struck by a different memory. The memory of creating this particular canvas. I had labored over it for weeks, coming back to it even after I began other work, making every tone, every detail so precise. I became obsessed with shades of gray. I add one more item to the list of things I know for certain: This portrait of Katniss Everdeen was a labor of love. Closing my eyes, I take a deep breath and exhale, exhausted. Dinner must have been over an hour ago, and even though I'm allowed to be out of my room now that I'm more stable, I should go back. No need to give anyone any reason not to send me home as soon as I'm able. So I head back to my clinical cell and brace myself for the nightly phantasmic mosaic of torture and pain, of loss and love, of bread and dandelions and Katniss. I glance around my room. I would pack, but my only real personal possessions are my paintings, and all of them are already on their way home, as I will be shortly. A knock on my door, the second of the afternoon. The first had been Dr. Aurelius, who had wished me well and asked if I could check on Katniss. "Please tell Miss Everdeen that I cannot properly treat her if she will not answer her telephone." This time, I find Dr. Aceso in my doorway. "Ready to go?" she asks as she walks in. "I hope so," I reply, returning her easy smile. "Only one way to find out," she says. "Let's go. I'll be accompanying you in the hovercraft to District 12, but I won't be staying," she explains as we make our way toward the roof. During the journey home, Dr. Aceso verifies that I know the dosages for my medications and when to expect her phone calls. "And you don't need to wait for me to call, if you need anything," she offers. "How do you feel about seeing Katniss?" "Nervous," I say. "I don't know how she'll react to seeing me." "You've missed her." It's not a question. We've had this discussion before. "Remember to be patient with her, and be patient with yourself. You've seen firsthand how surviving such horrific events can change a person. But never forget that at your core, you are still the loving, giving young man you were before all this started." "I hope Katniss can see what you do," I say. "I think she will." Dr. Aceso normally looks me in the eye when we talk, but for a moment her vision softens, like she's looking through me. "If there was ever any love at all, you'll find it again. I've seen love do surprising things." I want to ask, but it's not my place. Night falls well before the hovercraft touches down on the barren lawn behind my house. A curl of smoke from my chimney tells me someone has started a fire for me. Before I even enter my house, I look toward Katniss' and find it dark. Dr. Aceso walks up behind me. "You can see her tomorrow. Try to get a good night's sleep." "Peeta," Dr. Aceso continues softly. Her tone has changed from her normally professional demeanor, as if she is speaking to a friend, a confidant. "If you love her, hold on to her." Her voice is barely more than a whisper, and her eyes have that faraway look in them again. "Forgive me for asking," I say, "but are you okay? Did something happen?" "I lost my fiancé last year," she says after a pause. "He was involved in the rebellion. Snow…" her soft voice trails off. I can tell there's much more to the story, but I won't pry. "I'm sorry," we both utter at the same time, but with different meaning. There is a moment of silence in which I stare at Katniss' dark house, Dr. Aceso into the void of darkness beyond. "I'll be going so you can get some rest," she says finally, attempting to regain her professional demeanor. After Dr. Aceso and the hovercraft depart, I find myself alone in a house that has always seemed large, but now feels vacant and hollow as well. Sleep refuses to come to me, so I spend the remaining hours of darkness in my art studio, where I begin a new painting. At the first light of dawn, an idea strikes me. Grabbing a shovel from behind my house, I head toward the woods. The early spring air is sharp, and as my head clears, I allow myself to wonder what the future might hold for me, for Katniss. For us. But for now, all I can offer is a gift of love to help bury the past. I hope she likes it. A/N: Thanks for reading all the way to the end! If you have any opinions at all on any part of this story, please review. Reviews are candy for my soul! LilD ***UPDATE 9/3/11*** I'm sorry it's taking me a while to post the next chapter. I had a hard time getting going with it, and I've been busy with work lately. But have no fear, I hope to have it up on Sunday or Monday! I hope subsequent chapters will come out faster, but I'll see what I have time for during the school year. Thanks for your patience! Love.