grisly game. That pang of jealousy I felt for their alliance dissipates and I fall to my knees as I watch Haymitch unravel with her in his arms. That was all he had left of home, and now it's gone, drowned in a pool of scarlet. He is alone. A tribute dies at the end of a sword; another is engulfed by a herd of man-eating rabid squirrels. Haymitch is left with one other. This is the end. There can only be one victor. The girl from District One pursues him with her axe, already bloody from having striked Haymitch in the torso. She covers her right eye as blood pours from its socket, Haymitch having sliced it out with his knife. He is hobbling, similar to a wounded animal, up a steep hill, toward the edge of the arena, toward the cliff. The girl, half-blind, stumbles as she tries to snatch at his quick feet. He makes it to the edge of the cliff holding his stomach, about to collapse, trying to hold in his eviscerated intestines. The girl is within a couple of yards of him. He falls to his knees. The axe is thrown straight at his head. Haymitch ducks and the axe flies off the edge of the cliff. A smile creeps across his face as she looks puzzled. Then the axe, acting like a boomerang, returns to its owner at full speed, coming to rest in her skull. Haymitch passes out and a voice comes on over the rushing wind of the arena. "Ladies and Gentleman, I give you the winner of the Fiftieth Annual Hunger Games." I feel light headed. Just a moment ago I was watching Haymitch holding his guts in his hands, trying to escape death. Now he will be on his way back home to me, finally. A light is on in the first house lining the cobblestoned street of Victor's Village. Being the only victor living in District Twelve, Haymitch and his family have no neighbors, but I don't think it matters much at all to him. It has been two weeks since his homecoming, and I am having a very difficult time letting him out of my sight. It is too unbearable to think of him ever leaving my side again. I cannot seem to get enough of his smile or his kisses or his scent. "I want to show you something," he says with a sly grin on his face. My face shows delight as he grabs my hand and pulls me down the street toward the square. He stops in the middle of the road and pulls something small out of his pocket. I gasp as I bring my hands up to my face. "Winning the Hunger Games comes with its advantages," he says. "For instance, I never would have been able to buy you this." He knelt down on one knee and opened a small box, revealing a ring that was encrusted with shining diamonds, glinting light in every direction as the rays from the sun hit it. "I know we are young, but after realizing how uncertain life is, I want one thing to be certain. I want you to marry me." I can't make my voice react to what he has just said, so I nod my head violently as he places the ring on my finger. I take his face in my hands and plant my lips firmly on his, never wanting to break away from him. His arms wrap themselves around my neck, pulling me even closer into his body. I can hear people in the square begin to cheer and whistle as we seal our love with this passionate kiss. The world spins, and then all goes quiet. A loud noise. A sharp pain in my back. Now I can't breathe. The once delighted noise from the people around becomes horrified shrieks and I can hear people running around us, frantic. I slump over, no longer able to stand. Haymitch is still holding me as he lowers me to the ground. The sun seems so bright as he cradles me in his arms. I touch his face. "What's happening? Why did we stop kissing?" I say, confused, hurting, not able to comprehend what is going on. Three more gun shots a little farther away, coming from Victor's Village. Haymitch's family has just been shot. He looks behind him, wide-eyed and scared, toward the sound of the shots. More shrieks. People are slamming their doors, hiding away in their houses, trying to shut out this newly engaged couple crumpling in the middle of their square. Nothing to see. I see tears rising in Haymitch's eyes. Those eyes, a deep pool of blue. So loving, so forgiving. I want to stare into them forever, but I'm finding it hard to focus on them, like they are drifting father and farther from me. "Come back," I say, forbidding them to go from me. "Please don't leave me." A tear falls down my face. Is that from me or from Haymitch? I can't tell. I am trying desperately to remain in his gaze, to feel his hands gripping my shoulders, but I'm slipping. He holds me closer to him. I can feel his heart beating against my face as mine slows. I know that I am dying. "Please don't leave me," I say again, softer, shallower. He presses his face into my hair, sobbing. "I won't leave you," he says wetly, rocking my body back and forth. Blood covers the grey stones of the road. He picks up my lifeless hand, the ring sliding down my finger, and rubs it on his stubbly cheek, my bracelet tinkling as it dangles on my arm, already beginning to turn cold. "Promise me," I whisper, my chest no longer rising with breath. I go limp as my heart ceases to beat. We are completely deserted in the square. Me and Haymitch. He kisses my head. "I promise, sweetheart."