much for fate. Nothing in her life had ever been easy, so why should falling in love be any different? But she'd never expected fate's final cruel twist: that Peeta would take one look at Madge's sweet gentleness and want it for himself. Or how much that would devastate her. And there was nothing she could do about it. Last night had proved that. Oh, God, last night… She stared at his mouth pressed into a hard line, remembered the hard, seeking pressure against her lips, remembered how… No, no, don't think about it! So Katniss said the first thing that came into her head. "Both you and Finnick dance well. Did you attend lessons?" "Forget about how well Finnick dances, you little troublemaker," he ground out. "I want you to stay away from him, he's too good for you." Troublemaker? Why the hell not. What did she have to lose? Katniss blocked out his disparaging voice and, humming the refrain of the waltz, let her body brush his, heard his breath catch and repeated the fleeting brush of body against body. "God. Stop it!" The hand on her waist moved to her shoulder, a manacle, holding her at bay. She resisted the urge to sag in his arms as despair overwhelmed her. Forced herself not to crumple, to stay tall and straight and move lightly, with grace, on feet that felt leaden. She gave him a mocking little smile. He glared back, more than angry now. His disgust, his distrust, seared her. What was she doing? She sagged against him, the struggle going out of her. His body tightened, then firm hands pushed her away, holding her at a distance. The ache inside intensified. What was she trying to prove? Peeta was right. This was wrong. However much he'd hurt her, however much she felt he deserved her bad behavior, Madge's wedding was not the place for it. Nor was it worth losing the only thing she had left—her self-respect. But there was no reason she shouldn't needle him just a teeny-weeny little bit. Her spine stiffened. She shot him a swift upward glance. "Finnick told me he's twenty-seven. That's three years older than me. I'd say he's the perfect age for me." "Listen to me!" Peeta sounded at the end of his tether. "My cousin is light-years below in experience. No match for a woman like you." The words stung. "A woman like me?" Anger swirled through her at the injustice of it all. Peeta Mellark didn't even know what kind of woman she was. How could he be so blind? How dare he fail to recognize—refuse to recognize—what lay between them? He should not be marrying Madge today—or any other woman for that matter. Damn him, there was only one woman on earth he should ever have contemplated marrying. Her. There. She'd admitted it. Admitted what lay at the heart of her pain. What he'd always refused to recognize. And now it was too late. He was married. To her best friend. Yet still this thing…this force…burned with a life of its own, bigger than both of them. And sometimes, like now, she almost convinced herself he was aware of it—even feared it. Experimentally Katniss let her fingers slide along the shoulder of his wedding suit, over the fine fabric of his white shirt collar, until she touched the bare skin of his neck. She thought—dreamed—she detected the smallest of shudders. "Shame on you! You know nothing about me," she whispered and blew gently into the soft hollow beside his clenched jaw. "You never chose to find out anything about me." He started. "For God's sake! What's to find out? I know more than I ever wanted." Bitterness spilled from him. "You're a black widow. You grasp and demand and devour and leave nothing behind." "That's a—" "Lie? Is it? But there's nothing to disprove my words, is there? You married Darius Everdeen for his fortune, and when everything was gone you drove him to suicide." She gasped. "You know, no one has ever dared say that to my face before." Helplessly she flapped the hand that a moment ago had stroked his neck. "I heard the rumors existed, but I never thought anyone of substance believed them. I certainly never thought you the type to believe gossip." The hand on her waist tightened. The tempo of the music quickened. The dancing speed up, building to the finale. "Yes, but I've got more than gossip to go on, haven't I? Haven't I?" His face was pressed up against hers now. She could see her reflection glittering in his eyes, could smell the heat of his fury. "I know exactly the kind of woman you are. The kind that kisses her best friend's man, begs him to—" "Shut up!" He spun her around, pulled her close to avoid another couple. "You promise sin and desire and deliver nothing but carnal delight. I know the temptation you are. Only last night—" She froze in his arms and came to a sudden jarring halt. "I said shut up," she huffed. "Or do you want me to cause that scene you're so terrified of? Here, on Madge's big day?" Standing dead still on the dance floor, no longer able to move, she watched the realization dawn as he became aware of where they both stood, of what calamity had nearly befallen them, and watched the mantle of iron control drop into place as the next melody began. "I must be mad," he bit out, his voice full of self-disgust, and he reared back as though he feared she might contaminate him. The sheer force of his words released Katniss from the insanity that held her rooted to the ground. If he was mad, then she must be trapped in the same madness. Peeta was married. Untouchable. Better she remember that. Shrugging out of his arms, she spun around and stalked away. He let her go. And she didn't dare look back.