you put on a brave face, but it will never get any easier, and anyone who tells you differently is a liar." She had stormed off angrily at that point to go wherever she went when she was sad. Her return to District 12 was about as pleasant as she expected it to be. She accompanied the coffins of the tributes to their parents, a hungover Haymitch at her side. She was not quite expecting the venom that came from the mother's mouth. She was referred to as a Capitol whore, more interested in her lovers than the lives of children, while Haymitch was a drunken slob. Katniss was too shocked to block the sharp slap directed to her face. As Haymitch pulled her away, the father returning the favor with his wife, Katniss wondered if this was how it would always be; the parents of the tributes she mentored taking out their desolation on her. Haymitch did not have to answer her when she asked and silently delivered her home to her family. Katniss didn't have a chance to meet the newest victor until about six months later, when she was in the Capitol for one of her visits. They met in much the same way she met Finnick, although he was staring blankly at the wall rather than dry-heaving. Katniss, while not one for giving comfort, cautiously sat down next to him, leaving enough space that she could escape if need be. She was wearing another of Cinna's designs, but there was a gash in the side and her hair was falling loosely about her shoulders instead of elegantly coiffed. He looked at her with red eyes, teeth barred angrily, raising a hand as though to hit her. Katniss stared back at him calmly, having grown used to people poised to hurt her. "You! You killed both our tributes last year!" "Yes," Katniss admitted quietly. He dropped his hand and buried his head in his arms. Katniss did not touch him, did not say anything else, but waited for him. "I didn't know this is what it would be like," he eventually whispered brokenly. He didn't need to say what he meant; Katniss already knew. "None of us did," she replied evenly. They didn't say anything else, but when Katniss patted his arm as they parted ways he gave her a curt nod. Back in District 12, Katniss considered taking up drinking, or morphling, if she could afford to. Of course, she could literally pay for it, but she didn't think the after-effects were terribly desirable. If she wasted away to nothing, then Snow would hurt her family. If her 'lovers' were not satisfied with what they got and they complained, then Snow would hurt her family. If she died, then her family would be forced to return to the Seam and they would have no way to really provide for themselves. It was a horrible situation to be in, from any standpoint. So she avoided the white liquor that Haymitch practically breathed on all but the most unbearable of occasions, and never touched morphling if she could help it. Besides, Haymitch told her the alcohol only numbed the pain and didn't drive away the nightmares, with visions of Rue and Cato as they died flashing through her mind. Or if she was particularly unlucky, the feeling of being pinned down by the men who payed Snow for her company. Most of her district thought she was a whore, and those who didn't couldn't truly understand. Madge, who was brave and good, could not see what would happen if Katniss refused. Gale spoke of revolution without knowing that every time Katniss sold herself, that even if who she was wasted away a little more, she was protecting everyone she cared about. Prim tried to, she really did, but Katniss didn't want her to. She didn't want her little sister to know just how painful something that was supposed to be good and fulfilling could be. She didn't want to her little sister to understand the things that someone with power over her loved one's lives has make her do. Her mother just held her when she had trouble sleeping because of the nightmares. And Peeta continued to treat her as though she were a regular person, not a victor of the Hunger Games, not the murderer she knew she was, or the whore she knew she wasn't. The only ones who understood were other victors, and they had no power to do anything but support each other silently. The victors, who existed at the whim of Capitol people who could either love or revile them. Unfortunately, their love was so painful it hurt more than to be hated would. Their love could burn you until nothing remained of who you were; Katniss has seen it in the morphling addicts from 6, or in Annie Cresta, the crazy girl Finnick loves more than anything who went mad during her games while the Capitol begged for more. Their love could make you change yourself to fit their expectations, like an old victor from 9 who had been so surgically altered after her games that she rarely left her district now. No, their hate, their indifference, would be preferable to being loved by them. Katniss envies the victors like Johanna and Haymitch who have no one left, or who like Cecelia have gotten past the adoration of the Capitol citizens. She aches for the newest victor who will be a hot commodity like she was, but who hasn't destroyed her popularity totally. She longs for the day when her visits will slow down to once a year when she goes to mentor, although she suspects that day is a long way off. She is young and hale, not even eighteen yet, and Finnick has been doing this for years. She didn't know being a victor would be this painful. She didn't know that the lucky ones are the ones who die.