for sport was not worth the loss of an innocent life. Seething, I kicked the rope into the bushes and stood up, angrily sheathing my knife. I turned around and froze. I could just make out a figure in the shadows, just standing and watching me. My anger seeped away, and was replaced by fear. The figure was definitely human, I noted with a breath of relief. But, I kept my hand clasped tightly on my knife, ready to pull it out. I couldn't actually hurt anyone with it, but maybe it will intimidate the person long enough for me to run. My mind was running a million miles a minute, trying to keep me calm. The figure stepped forward, into the sunlight. Upon second glance, I saw that he was masculine, probably about my age. His tan skin formed sharp angles on his face, giving him a ruggedly handsome look. He was dressed in simple casual wear, similar to what I was wearing. But, the thing that really stood out was his eyes. His steel grey eyes were cold and uninviting. But underneath the cool mask, I could make out an unusual dullness, as if someone had drained the life out of them. I involuntarily took a step back. "Relax, I'm not going to hurt you. I just came here to check my traps," he said, leaning against a tree. My anger returned, hotter than ever. "This was your trap? There is plenty of food in the District! Why in the world would you hunt? You're hunting for sport, aren't you? Do you think the loss of an innocent life is fun? Fulfilling somehow?" I said, uncharacteristically loud and brutal. But, the hunter just looked amused. This infuriated me even more. He didn't even care that he was killing innocent creatures! "Who do you think you are? What's your name?" I demanded, fully intended to report him to the Rebel authorities. "That's not important," he said quietly. "No, tell me your name," I ordered. Still, he hesitated. But, something in my eyes probably tipped him off of my determined anger. "Gale. Gale Hawthorne," he said, looking at the forest floor and not meeting my eyes. My stomach dropped, and left me with a cold feeling in my gut. "Huh?" was my intelligent response. I stepped a tiny bit closer, in order to see his face better. I remember seeing him on the public broadcasts during and after the War. I had heard that he was currently stationed in District 2, but I had never seen him before now. Immediately my cheeks burned, I was screaming at an authority figure! And not just any authority figure either, one of the famous soldiers who had singlehandedly brought down the Capitol. I mentally slapped myself for not thinking. I almost physically slapped myself, but I assumed he thought I was crazy enough. "Oh, I'm sorry Capt. Hawthorne… I'll just be leaving then," I murmured, subdued. I began backing away slowly, trying to hide my face behind my hair. "No," he said softly, "Don't leave yet." I waited, with my head bowed, looking at my feet. This behavior is common courtesy when talking to an official. My heart pounded, was he going to punish me for being rude? "Stop acting like that." I looked up, surprised. I wasn't exactly sure what he meant, but I could see by his position that he was agitated. He had moved from his casual position against the tree trunk, and was now standing up straight, running his hand through his dark hair. "Like what?" "Like… just like that! The bowing and the sudden respect, weren't you just mad at me for hunting?" he said, sounding frustrated. His steel eyes glinted, showing emotion for the first time. "I'm sorry?" It came out more like a question than an apology. He was really starting to freak me out. Maybe if I backed up slowly enough, he wouldn't notice. "No, no it's not your fault," he muttered, looking slightly distracted. I licked my dry lips, suddenly at a loss for words. That was an unusual rarity. I nodded and backed away slowly, he didn't seem to notice. I turned and slipped away through the trees, not making a sound. Once I had put some distance between me and him, I hurriedly climbed a tall maple tree and settled down in the highest branch that could support my weight. My heart was still thumping, loudly, and my hands were shaking. I tilted my head and leaned it back against the trunk, feeling the comforting brush of the light leaves against my forehead. I felt the branch above me shake, and I opened my eyes. Arrow was lounging there, looking down at me and dangling his tail in my face. I laughed when it tickled my nose, and pushed it away. I reached up and absentmindedly stroked one of his paws. Gradually, I calmed down enough to start the walk home. We were still pretty far from the District and the sun was already starting to set. Lucas would start to worry if I was out after dark. I lightly jumped down, using the branches to break the drop, and headed off toward District 2. Greetings, all you lovely people! I literally had this on my desktop for MONTHS, before I finally decided to publish it. I finished the first couple chapters, but never got around to publishing it until now, weird right? Moving on, I'm actually pretty excited for this story! Gale is my all-time favorite character hands down, and the way the books ended did not satisfy me at all! So, this is my sad attempt at trying to provide some closure for our favorite hunter! Okay, so... Now, you see that button. I see that button. And we all know how to use that button, so review!(; (total creds to another author about that review button bit, I just saw it somewhere and literally laughed myself off my seat)