I'm sorry I made you upset. Please, please open the door! I won't be mad!" The headmaster begged, his voice obviously getting more and more desperate as the fire sizzled. She could the slightest bit of wheezing, obviously in great pain from the knife wound." OPEN the door. " "No-no," she repeated, her voice hiccuping as she laughed. She didn't hear his wife anymore, causing her to giggle even more. "Presley- if don't you don't," he's practically crying, she notes. "J-just give me the key- please. I'll.. I'll give you more jewellery!" Silence . " Presley ." Fingers digged at the bottom of the door, desperately trying to claw out of the room. The tips of their fingers already burnt, their screams for help- for anyone. Smoke filled the room, causing the fire alarms to start going off. Presley could hear the distant stomping and screams of the other children and supervisors', rushing out of the orphanage. So much screaming. Terror, panic, excitement . It gave her more of a rush, proud of herself- she couldn't explain it. And then she could hear other footsteps, coming towards them. She panicked, but swallowed her fear as she grabbed the knife from the ground and waited for them to open the ground. As soon as the door opened, she launched herself at them, almost screeching inhumanly. They screamed from underneath her, cursing and attempting to shove her off from them but Presley managed to keep ahold of them long enough to bring down the rusted knife onto their eye socket. They went limp underneath her, finally stopping struggling as they realized what was happening and gurgled out something before their remaining eye dimmed. Blood splattered onto her face, filling the opening over her mouth and clothes. She bit her lip, licking the blood off and smiled. She could think of every punishment she and everyone else had ever had from them- the beatings, whippings, forced humiliations. Thinking about it made her feel better, but it made her feel sick. All the memories just flood back at her, causing her to have swallow back tears once again. She looked at the supervisor, standing up over their body, analyzing every little bit of their body. The gaping hole allowed her to be able to see completely inside of her eye socket- it made her feel queasy. As much violence as she had seen, and done in the last few moments, she felt sick looking as a corpse. They were still in their pajamas, shoeless in a long, white nightgown that was similar to her own. Presley forced herself to look away, unable to keep looking at the body. It felt different than locking her tormentor in a room with his dying wife and then setting in fire, she didn't have to look at the body afterwards. Even now, she could still hear the slight whimpering and crying of the headmaster in his office. The fire in there had to be getting bad- he'd be dying soon. She had to cover her mouth, unable to continue breathing in the smoke. She made her way out of the room, gripping the knife in her hand as she finally found the stairway downstairs and slipped into the crowd of caretakers attempting to remove babies from their cradles and children unable to walk yet. Presley dropped the knife, letting it fall beside her with a long clang. One finally noticed her, shrieking back in fear at the young blonde stained with blood. "Are you okay?" she grabbed at the girl, inspecting the girl's arm and face for the source of the blood. "How did this happen- where did you hurt yourself?" Her voice only got more panicked as she couldn't find the source, immediately grabbing at Presley's face. " Is this yours?" Presley didn't answer. Instead, she let the silence speak for her. The caretaker backed away from her, her eyes wide and terrified. She looked over Presley's shoulder, noticing that she had came from the stairway. The fire had completely consumed the stairway, slowly infecting the room they were in. She grabbed her hand, pulling her towards the exist with the other caretakers rushing out the remaining children in the orphanage. Presley wondered if she was doing this on impulse, or if it was mainly because she was going to scream for the orderlies to get the Peacekeepers. Once they were outside and the caretaker screamed for an orderly, her eyes brightened up at the sight of the sight of it burning, smoke coming from open windows and the screams of the ones on the higher levels unable to escape. Giggles filled her throat as people began noticing her, her lips in a wide smile. Her knees buckled forwards, falling as she used her free hand to cup her mouth again. Free. Free. They, me, all of us- we're free. We're free. All of us, forever. He.. he can't do a thing anymore- all of them. They can't. They're dead… like rats, and roaches, they were burned to death and they'll never be heard from again. (some odd weeks later) The door opened, revealing a tall, white coated man. Another doctor, she assumed. Her head hurt, the burns still felt raw and the morphine was wearing off. She just wanted to sleep more. Presley attempted to ask him to leave, but found herself unable to speak. She swallowed, though regretted it as her throat felt dry and unused. And then she noticed her hands were free, the cuffs laying on the table next to her bed. She looked at her hands, purple and bruised- but free . Why did they unlock her? "Hello, Presley." The man sat down on the edge of her bed, gently taping her leg. He smiled, his eyes gentle and filled with warmth that felt almost foreign to Presley. She eyed him curiously. "My name is Doctor Loomis. I'm sorry about what happened to you." She wondered if he was honest about that.