would be as if telling me to kill Prim, my mother, even Gale. Impossible. I know Prim and my mother would be devastated, but they do not know. Nobody does. I can almost hear Gale's voice if that were to happen. Katniss, what is wrong with you? Kill him already, you have no other choice! It's either you or him that will come home! I shake my head, the odds are definitely not in my favor today. He looks up at me, our eyes meeting. I drop my gaze, my expression hardening. I will not be a contender, though, when faced with the other tributes, those who've trained their whole lives for the Games. I will not stand a chance. I hate having to imagine Prim turn away from the screen at the sight of my death. Before she knows it, before anyone knows it, I will be gone. But Peeta Mellark... he deserves to live. He deserves to be happy, to actually be able to enjoy his life. To be able to breathe when this is all over. He just has to make it out. I do not even want to picture him returning home, but in a coffin. I will be consumed with guilt if he doesn't. Or even worse, if he dies before I do. Though the chances are slim, anything could happen. I mean, my own sister, who had just one entry, had been called. This goes to show that anything could happen with the Hunger Games. And besides, he has helped me throughout the years. He kept me alive once... The first time we talked was when we were younger, when we first began school. He promised he would stand up for me if I was ever to get picked on again. It was that promise that made me feel safe. Besides my father, I never really felt that someone actually cared. It was those simple words that made me fall for him. The second was right after my fathers death. We were slowly dying, my whole family. My mother left us behind, leaving Prim and me to fend for ourselves. Nobody became suspicious of us, nobody noticed. Except for Peeta Mellark. The hollowness in our cheekbones, the way you could see our ribs when we breathed in, the emptiness in our eyes. We were suffering, and he knew it. He followed me after school one day, calling my name mulitple times, but I did not stop until we entered the Seam. He didn't say a word, but our eyes met, and I could tell he was genuinely sorry. He handed me a small note, already walking away. Please tell me if you two need help. You don't have to go through this alone. It was that note that kept me going for the next few weeks. But one day, it became too much. I was too weak, and one day, I nearly collapsed. I fell in front of their pig's pen, trying to fight back the tears. He was watching me the whole time from behind the counter, shaking his head. There were two loaves of bread he had burnt, and for that, he took a beating. His mother glared at him as he came outside to feed it to the pigs, but soon directed her attention to the customer. I could never imagine my parents hitting us, but there he was, a red mark on his face. Suddenly, he double-checked, making sure she wasn't looking, and before I knew it, the loaves were at my feet. He hurried inside, shutting the door behind me. It were those loaves that kept my family and me going, just like that small note, just like those two words, "I promise." That was all it took for me to know that things could get better. That was all it took to make me believe. He was true to his word. When we were fourteen, another merchant kid had been talking trash about me, though I had no idea why. It wasn't until a crowd started forming that I realized there was trouble. Peeta had hit him for saying that. When they seperated them, our eyes met, and I mouthed the only words I could think of, thank you. Though we had never really talked, though we hardly knew each other, Peeta Mellark has helped me throughout the years. He kept me alive, kept me going more than once... And now it is time for me to return the favor. authors note: What did you think? As always, comments, questions, or suggestions are welcome! Review please! ~Bree FAQs: Note that I can't replace chapters for some reason. I've tried but it always says error something and tells me to log in. I've tried nearly anything, but I can't get it. So sorry if you thought it was an update. And to answer a question that with just the first chapter 6 people have already PMd: will There by the usual love triangle between Katniss, Peeta, and Gale? To those who have read this story before, I posted it one time, don't know if you remember. So here it is again, I am not that big of a fan at Gale, and just like The Hunger Games I will only stick to Katniss' point of view. If I choose to write a sequel (could be a possibility because I already have the whole story planned out) then maybe, but right now, the answer is no. Does Peeta love her back? To say that would be like to read the back of a novel first! Sorry cant answer right now! Does Katniss have any feelings for Gale? He is her best friend at this point, so for now, no. She's only ever thought of Peeta that way. Will Katniss be OOC at times? Very few moments where she will be, but they will be there. Remember, she loves peeta so that changed her in a few ways but not completely.