towards the entrance to the dwelling and took a deep breath to calm my growing nerves. As I entered the cave-like entrance to the dwelling, I felt off. Almost like I wasn't supposed to be there, but I kept going because I knew my dragon was waiting for me inside. The uneasiness in my stomach grew with each step I took until I was in the heart of the dwelling, surrounded by dragons. I have never seen a more beautiful sight in my life. There were dragons everywhere. All of different sizes and colors. Some of the dragons, either not of age to be Matched or ones that will never be Matched, were flying up above. The others were all on the ground patiently watching me as I took everything in. The first dragon I approached was white with blue eyes. The membrane of its wings was so thing that it was almost transparent, which made me wonder how it didn't tear when it flew. I hastily bowed to the dragon as I was instructed and waited for it to bow back but apparently this was not my dragon. It's icy blue eyes stayed fixed on me as I moved on to the next dragon. I moved down the line of dragons, bowing to each then quickly moving on when they didn't bow back. After fifteen minutes there was only one more dragon left for me to approach. It was red with yellow eyes and black talons. I smiled and bowed, knowing that this dragon had to be mine. It was the only one I hadn't approached yet so it had to be. I straightened back up and waited for it to spread its wing and bow back. But it didn't move. I frowned and bowed again. However, it still didn't move. I looked around thinking maybe I missed some but there were no other dragons that I hadn't approached. Panic quickly set in. I hadn't thought that this could happen. Have there been other riders that don't get Matched? Is the mark on my ankle only a birthmark resembling the riders mark? What do I do? I thought. How could I not be Matched? There must be some mistake! Maybe I missed one in line. So I hastily approached each dragon making sure I bowed to every one of them. Still, none of them bowed. Tears flooded my eyes as I walked back to the entrance in defeat to go face Cyrus and the other trainees. As I exited the dwelling, I felt everyone's expectant eyes on me. I stopped at the entrance and heard the other trainees murmuring as I contemplated what I should do. "Where's her dragon?" "She didn't get Matched." "I knew she wasn't a dragon rider." I looked to Cyrus and desperately tried to hold back my tears. I saw sadness in his eyes as he said, "Peter, go in." Peter, one of the few trainees that I got along with, passed me as he made his way inside and gave me a look of pity as he went. However, I could see a fire in his eyes that proved he didn't believe I was a true dragon rider. I looked around, desperate. I knew I was a dragon rider. I've known all my life. There's this missing piece of me and I know that that can only be filled by being Matched with a dragon. Suddenly, an idea popped into my head. What if my dragon wasn't in that dwelling? What if I tried going into the fire dragon dwelling? Would my Match be in there? I think Cyrus knew what I was thinking because he suddenly reached out to me to grab my arm. Yet, I was determined to find my Match and I twisted out of his reach. I sprinted towards the fire dwelling entrance and ignored Cyrus as he screamed my name. This dwelling was different. It was terribly hot and the dragons were all scattered about, unlike the other dwelling where all the dragons that were to be Matched were lined up neatly. I immediately regretted my decision to go in this dwelling when all the dragons turned to look at me. I instantly knew that they intended to kill me when I looked into their menacing eyes. The closest one to me was probably the biggest one there. It was brown with black eyes and horrible, rotten breath. It bared its teeth at me and rose to strike me. I closed my eyes, preparing for the end, but it never came. Instead, I heard a loud roar and when I opened my eyes the brown dragon was being attacked by a smaller, black dragon with gold eyes. I stood there in shock as I watched them battle. The brown dragon was much bigger than the black one but the small one was quicker. It's talons and teeth blurred together at it ripped into the larger one. The brown dragon shot flames out of its mouth, desperately trying to shake the black one but it was in vain. The black dragon had the brown one pinned and there was nothing the brown one could do but surrender in submission. The other dragons and I didn't move a muscle as the black dragon turned to face me. This dragon didn't look as menacing as the brown one. It seemed to have a curiosity in its eyes that drew me in and before I could think about what I was doing I bowed to the dragon before me. I slowly straightened back up waiting for a response and to this day I still remember the awe of seeing my dragon spread his wings and bow back to me. Author's note: Thank you so much for reading! I know it needs work but that's the whole reason I am posting this. I want your feedback on what I should do to make this chapter and all that follow the best they can be.