from District 12 before so nobody really knows what to do. "Lovely!" Effie squeals. "But I believe there's a small matter of introducing the reaping winner and then asking for volunteers, and if one does come forth then we, um..." She trails off because she knows about as much as we do on someone volunteering. The mayor stands. "What does it matter?" Everyone looks at him, stunned. "What does it matter?" he repeats, irritated. I can see the look on his face is pained, probably because he knows Katniss. After her father died, she started going to the woods and would sell food to the people in town. My father bought squirrels from her, and I heard that she would sell strawberries to the mayor. "Let her come forward," he says. He sits back down, clears his throat and looks down at the ground. "No, Katniss! No! You can't go!" Prim is screaming to her sister. She is holding onto Katniss with a look in her eyes I will never forget. Katniss has basically been Prim's mother ever since their father died. From what I could tell, their mother stayed at home, even when she was supposed to get a job to provide for her two daughters. So to Prim, she was losing the only person who has been there for her. The person who saved her from starving to death by risking her life every day to go out into those woods and hunt for food. She was losing her sister and she was desperately trying to make her stay. Katniss says something to Prim and then I see Gale walk up to them. He says something to Katniss before taking Prim to her mother. Katniss takes a deep breath and walks onto the stage. She looks unemotional, uncaring. That's good. The other tributes will see the recap of the reapings tonight and they'll see this strong, intimidating girl from District 12 who volunteered to save her sister. Effie Trinket is over the moon about all of this drama unfolding. It's obvious that she wants to be assigned to a more exciting district. Districts 1, 2 and 4 have much stronger people who are more prepared for fighting and better fed than we are. We're not allowed to train for the Games before the reapings, but somehow they are usually a lot stronger and in much better shape. Someone from one of those districts usually wins every year. So, of course, Effie would much rather be an escort to a district who can actually win. "Well, bravo!" she says. "That's the spirit of the Games! What's your name?" "Katniss Everdeen," she says. If she is nervous or upset right now, I can't tell. She looks strong and unphased by what's just happened. "I bet my buttons that was your sister. Don't want her to steal all the glory, do we? Come on, everybody! Let's give a big round of applause to our newest tribute!" Effie practically sings with excitement. Not a single person claps. It is completely silent in the District 12 town square and I'm not surprised in the least bit. Katniss and her sister have always been adored by most people in the district. Her sister, so kind and gentle, and Katniss, so strong and independent. Everyone talks about the Everdeen sisters. Everybody respected her father, and everyone felt the loss of him. So the fact that nobody is clapping is showing her how much we all respect her for what she has gone through and conquered. Then, one by one, everyone salutes Katniss. I follow suit, touching the three middle fingers of my left hand to my lips, then lifting them in the air. Not many people use it anymore, but every single person does it for her. It means good-bye. It means thank you. It means we admire her for everything she has done. Katniss looks around at everyone and I can see a glimpse of emotion cross her face. Gratitude, maybe. Then, Haymitch decides to step up to the microphone. "Look at her. Look at this one!" He puts his arm over her shoulder, which I'm sure grosses her out. He isn't the best smelling person we know. "I like her! Lots of... spunk!" Then he walks to the front of the stage. "More than you!" he says. He looks directly into a camera. "More than you!" It isn't a good thing to taunt the Capitol. He starts to say something else, but he falls off the stage in a slump of drunken embarrassment, unconscious. All of the cameras have turned to Haymitch to capture the hilarity because that's all the Capitol wants. A show. I see Katniss relax a bit. Probably because no cameras are on her right now. She takes a deep breath and tries to keep the nonchalant look on her face but I see her looking over at Gale, deep in thought. They take Haymitch away on a stretcher and Effie walks back up to the microphone, practically bouncing from all the excitement. She says that it's time to choose the male tribute. She goes to the bowl with the boys' names and fishes around for a moment before pulling a slip out. I'm not worried about me, it's usually a kid from the Seam who gets called because of all the extra entries from the tesserae. I can't help but think it is going to be Gale who gets called because I know he's in there a lot from taking out tesserae for each member of his family. I think he has two brothers and a sister, as well as his mother. If he gets called, he can take care of her. Make sure she survives. They spend so much time together, so they're obviously very close. I know that he'll want her to survive. Effie walks back to the microphone and opens the slip. The name that comes out of her mouth makes my heart stop. Peeta Mellark.