night. Katniss woke in the night, a scream not of nightmare terror, but of intense pain on her lips. Her hands searched the empty bed for Peeta, but she knew he wasn't there. She didn't stop to dress; she merely pulled on a pair of boats and an overcoat, and ran out into the night. On finding the crumpled body of the fox lying by the side of the road, she dropped to her knees with an anguished howl. As her fingers found a weak pulse, he opened one blue eye before closing it again. She lifted him into her arms and ran. "Change," Katniss commanded in a shaken voice and Peeta lay on their bed, his arm twisted and broken his face bleeding. He cried as she straightened out his broken limb, and again as she ran her hands over his middle, healing the hidden wound that bled internally. She put one hand on his heart where she could feel the faltering beat. "No," she shook her head, "I won't let you go. You promised me you would stay." She gave him every last drop of energy she had left to spare and collapsed beside him. "Daddy!" Katniss was woken by Heather's distress. "This is my fault, I did this," she began to sob. Katniss raised her groggy head. "No, sweetheart. It wasn't you; it was an accident." "No it wasn't! It was me! I dreamt about a fox being hit by a car. It was Daddy, wasn't it?" "Shush, Heather, it wasn't you. Perhaps you saw it, but you didn't make it happen." "Is he going to be okay?" Heather asked. Katniss hesitated. There was more she could do, but she was too weak. She only hoped it wouldn't be too late when she was strong enough. "I've done everything I can for the moment." "I can do it for you," her daughter offered "No, Heather." She couldn't let her eight-year-old give her strength. "Please Mummy, show me what to do," Heather begged tearfully. "Only a little; as soon as you feel tired you must stop," Katniss warned. Heather placed one hand on her heart and the other on her father's, as her mother showed her, and then another little hand joined hers as her brother stood beside the bed. "As soon as you feel tired, you must stop, promise," Katniss stressed. The little boy's hand dropped away quickly, sinking to his knees with fatigue. But Heather continued until Peeta's hand pulled it away. "That's enough," he said gently but firmly. "Daddy!" Two pairs of arms threw themselves about him, until Katniss told them to give their father space. "How do you feel?" She asked him with concern. "Sore," he said rubbing his hand over his face, and then stopping abruptly wincing as he touched the cuts and grazes there. "You fixed everything else and left my good looks ruined," he queried with a grin. "I'll give you something to fix them later," she said rolling her eyes, relieved that he was well enough to joke. "Luckily your hair was too long as usual and the extra fur protected your good looks ." "Come on," she said, herding the children from the room. "Daddy needs to rest so he can get better. How about I make us some hot chocolate and cookies?" The children gave him another kiss and cuddle before they left the room, Katniss slipping back in when the kids were settled watching TV. "How did you find me? How could you know I was hurt?" Peeta asked. "Because I felt it. When you're hurt I hurt," she saw his look of confusion. "When your heart stops so will mine." "Katniss! Is that what you did, after that first time? I thought you were just binding us together, marrying us!" "I tried to explain, but you didn't want me to. I wouldn't have, if I'd known we were going to have children, but at the time it was only you and me and I didn't want to be alone again. What I felt, what I feel is stronger than marriage, it's not just words that can be broken." "Oh, Katniss,' he sighed taking her hands in his. "Sometimes you act so rashly you don't stop to think of the consequences, just like us never ageing." "It's what you wished for." "But can it be reversed? I don't want to bury our children, Katniss." "They might choose to be like us," she offered hopefully. "Or they might choose to live a normal life, with people who will grow old and die," he reasoned. "When the time comes, we will give them the choice and then we'll make ours," she promised sadly, disturbed by the thought of saying goodbye to him. Although she wished that even then they would not be parted, she held a fear that perhaps he would welcome the final freedom. "Do you regret it, living this life with me? Do you wish I hadn't been so rash, that I hadn't changed you?" "You know I don't," he insisted. "Do you? Do you regret choosing me? She shook her head. "I didn't choose you, you chose me, you saved me with the bread. You showed me I had the power to survive. There couldn't have ever been anyone else for me but you. I believe a witch is destined to only have one true familiar." "Witch," he smiled at the term she had never used for herself. "My witch, my mistress." She shook her head adamantly. "My partner, my heart, my love." She kissed his lips, gazing into the depths of his blue eyes that no matter what form he took always remained the same. "My familiar." Massive thank you to Court for being an utter star and reading and correcting this for me at such short notice. Hope everyone enjoys their Halloween - I, a vampire and a vampire cat (!) will be going out later to see how many sweets we can bag.