deprecating her own incredible beauty. Peeta grabbed the two ropes of the swing, and Katniss came to an immediate halt. She gasped and turned slightly to glance at him once more, likely wondering why he had stopped the gentle motion of the swing. Peeta's body was close to her back, and he wondered if she felt the hum of electricity that he felt between them. "I can't imagine that anyone is far more beautiful than you, Katniss." Katniss turned her body further, so that her back was now pressed up against the rope of the swing, where his hand was still clutched. He felt her hair along the tops of his fingers and the smooth silkiness was incredible. She said nothing, only looked up at him with wide eyes, as if trying to discern if his last words were a joke. He looked back in silence as well, all the residual noise and chaos of the party behind her fading out to darkness. Then, he saw it. Her eyes flicked toward his lips, just for a second, and when the moved back to his eyes, the grey irises were darker than he'd seen them yet. Before he could help himself, before he could ask permission, he was dipping his head down toward hers. He only had a second to see her eyes close before he met her soft lips with his, and then it was just fireworks that he could see. Her kiss was soft, and warm, and with the slightly bitter taste of beer on her lips, she tasted like summer. They kept it slow, just barely touching their lips, but then she tilted her head back just an inch, and he took it as the invitation it was. Peeta slanted his mouth over hers, pulling his free hand up from the rope to rest along the lower curve of her jaw, right at the pulse point of her neck. She hummed into his mouth at the touch, and he swept his tongue against the seam of her lips with renewed vigor, ecstatic when she parted them to let him enter. Her taste was incredible, like strawberries and hops and sunshine, and he couldn't get enough. They stayed like that for a minute longer, breathing into each other's kiss and tasting one another with relish. It was only when they heard the tell-tale sound of a police cruiser alerting its presence did they pull away with a gasp, not able to take their eyes off each other, even with the party crashers pulling up. Peeta felt his chest heave with barely restrained lust, and he could see the curve of Katniss's small breasts pushing against the buttons of her low cut top. What would happen now? Another bright flash of a cruiser's blue lights pulled their attention back to the melee of the party. While there weren't any underage drinkers here, the music was pretty loud and this was a pretty quiet town. Plus, Old Man Snow, who lived across the county road from the Odairs, was a crotchety old bastard, and often called the cops for noise complaints, even when the party was pretty tame. Not wanting to get caught up with the local officers—though he knew most of them from around town—Peeta grabbed Katniss's hand and helped her to her feet. "I know a back way out of here. My truck is right over there." He gestured to the gravel patch he'd parked his car on, furthest away from the area the police cruisers were at. "Wanna make a run for it?" The mischief he saw in her eyes at his invitation caused a smile to alight his face, and at once, they sprung up, running at a crouch to his truck at the side of the house. They held hands the entire way, laughing hard enough that Katniss had to hold her hand over her mouth as if they were really escaping from the police. They got to the truck and Peeta opened her door, grabbing her waist and boosting her up into the raised bed. Then, he ran around to the driver's side, hopping up quickly and turning the car on, but cutting the lights. Peeta looked over at Katniss to tell her where they were headed, but he found her smile shining in the moonlight, and it drew him in. Before he knew it, his lips were on hers, and his hand was at the back of her head, pulling her closer to his mouth. Her right hand grasped firmly to his knee to steady herself, and he felt the heat of it shoot electricity to places higher up. Peeta pulled back, gasping, gazing at her for just a second more, and then put the car in drive. He glanced at her with his trademark crooked grin, knowing what it would do to Katniss, especially with the state he'd just put her in. "You ready to fly, baby?" And with a rumble, they were off. Tonight is bottoms up Throw it on down Rock this quiet, little country town Get up, drop a tailgate on ya truck Find a keg and fill ya cup up Kick it on back Pretty little mama lookin at ya like that Make ya wanna slide on in like girl, what's up Yeah tonight is bottoms up Get em up Tonight is bottoms up Get em up Bottoms Up – Brantley Gilbert Chapter 2 Preview: Here's a sneak peek of what our two favorite characters might get up to next! Sunshine and Whiskey-Franky Ballard Out chilling on a beach with my sweet Georgia peach. Not a care in the world, just trying to beat the heat. Body like an hourglass, sand on her feet. I can't help but stare cause I got the best seat. Just when I thought it couldn't get any hotter you slid on in, said, "I'm a little hot and bothered, if you know what I mean. Let's crank it up to a hundred degrees."