skin of her stomach, his hands sliding up to cup her breasts through the sheer fabric of her bra. Her nipples pebble under his touch, and she knows it's not because of the cool breeze wafting in through the window. "I love this time of year," Peeta tells her later that week, his hands dusted with flour as he kneads a ball of dough in his kitchen. He still does most of his baking in his house, because that's where all his supplies are, but he spends every night in her bed and she's starting to wonder if maybe he shouldn't just move in. It would be easier. Katniss tilts her head, thinking. "Really?" Spring wasn't all bad. Spring meant dandelions bursting from the soil, and animals emerging from their winter hideaways, and sunshine that warmed her skin in a way that a fire never could. But it had also always meant that the Reaping was just a few short months away. It was hard to look past that. "Really." He drapes a kitchen towel over the dough – to let it rise, she knows now – and turns to the sink to wash his hands. "Everything starts to grow back. It's like the world is just…opening up and blooming, you know?" In a way she does know, because it's what she sees when she looks into his sky blue eyes, what she feels when his hands are on her skin. It's what she thinks about that night when he moves inside of her for the first time, when he asks her if she loves him, when she tells him, real. They hold hands when they walk into town the next day, tipsy on the memory of the night before. The new buildings in the square are finally beginning to take shape, rising from the ground like sapling trees. When they pass by the rubble that was once the district bakery, Katniss squeezes Peeta's hand tightly. He slows to a stop, letting his eyes rake over the charred wood and brick. "I'm starting to forget what it looked like," he tells her quietly. "I can't remember how many windows – were there five, or six?" "I don't know," she says honestly. She'd never paid as much attention to the house itself as she did to the boy who lived inside of it. "Do you think…you might rebuild it?" It's not the first time they've had this discussion, but he's always been hesitant. "I think so," he says. "I just…I need to do it right. I don't know if I want to build it here . There's all these bad memories, and…I want my kids to grow up happy. I don't want any ghosts hanging around." Katniss doesn't answer. She knows that what he really means to say is our kids, but that he's also wise enough to know that this early on it will only frighten her away. Peeta doesn't know that she doesn't want children; it was just never something that came up between the two of them. And though it eats at her, she doesn't have the heart to tell him that now, not when it would snuff out the pleasant glow still warming her belly from last night. That night they have sex again, and already it feels better than the first time. Peeta uses his fingers to make her come, and once she's boneless and sated he empties himself inside of her with a strangled groan. It's not until after the fact that his eyebrows crease in worry. "You're um…you're on something, right?" Katniss nods. There's a whole host of pills that she takes now, every day, to heal her burns and calm her anxiety and yes, prevent pregnancy. "Yes. But…I thought you wanted kids," she says guardedly. Peeta laughs. "Someday. Not now. Can you imagine what we'd do with a baby?" She cracks a smile. "Screw it up, basically." "Basically." He grins back at her, and not for the first time she's struck by the fact that they ended up here , together, something close to happy and more or less in one piece. Maybe the odds were in their favor, after all. Peeta wraps his arm around her waist and draws her closer in. She rests her head on his chest, calmed by the steady thrum of his heartbeat. "I don't know what I'd do without you," he says quietly. "I think about it sometimes, and…I have to make myself stop." She tilts her head up to look at him, frowning. "I'm here." She pauses. "I'm not going anywhere." "I know." He rests his chin on her hair, and sighs. "It just…it could've gone so many other ways." "But it didn't." She pulls away a little to look him in the eye. "We're here. We'll always be here." Peeta smiles softly, running his fingers through her hair. "I told you that once. But you didn't hear me. You were asleep." "I heard you," she says. "I just didn't realize it at the time." He kisses her, a little harder than she expects, and soon they're wrapped up in one another again, though she's still sensitive and yelps in surprise when his hand moves between her legs. When they finish they're tired and sweaty, and she curls her back against his chest, the sheets bunched around their waists. Spring is nice, she thinks, her mind clouding over with sleep. Maybe, she thinks, she'll learn to remember it as the season when Peeta came home to her. Here's the poster I used for my prompt, though the only thing I really used was the title: cdn dot pastemagazine dot com slash www slash blogs slash lists slash 1966 dot jpg Also, I should probably say that I don't actually think all of these things would've happened in the span of a year...especially the part with Peeta since I think it probably took them longer than that to get together...but obviously he had to be spring, haha.