in class today and how high she's able to go on the swings at recess. It's her first year at school and everything is new and exciting still. It's a welcome distraction from the situation with my mother. I can't help but think how much she reminds me of Prim at her age, despite the obvious differences in appearance between the two girls. The rest of the day does not provide as much of a distraction as Posy Hawthorne. I'm convinced the clock is moving backwards, with how slowly the day is passing, but we're finally released. I round up the little kids quickly and head towards home ahead of them. I've spent the entire day scheming ways to get enough money for the fever pills from the doctor in town. I've almost convinced myself if I manage to sell everything of value in the house, hunt throughout the night and, with a bit of luck, manage to get a deer, I'll be able to afford them. That hope is quickly shattered when I see Hazelle Hawthorne sitting on the front porch step of our home. Her knees are drawn up to her chest with her arms wrapped around them. Dread and pity are evident in her eyes and I just simply know. In one moment, all time and movement of the earth seems to stand still. This can't be happening. No, not like this. This can't be how this ends. I want to scream and rage and cry and blame someone. With what little restraint I have left, the back of my mind tells me I have hold it together for Prim. She hasn't figured it out yet. "Prim, walk Posy and the boys home." "Katniss, I wanted to check on mother-" she argues. "Prim, just do it!" I say in the most forceful voice I can manage, and immediately regret it. Tears start to fill her eyes but she solemnly nods. I've never been so harsh with her before and she certainly doesn't deserve it now. The four of them walk towards the Hawthorne home without a backwards glance. Good, I think, I don't want an audience. Hazelle rises to her feet, wraps her arms around my shoulder, and guides me up the front porch to the door. She stops me just short of walking in the house. "Katniss," she begins, her voice thick with emotion, "she, she fell asleep around noon. The rattling in her chest just keep getting worse and I couldn't do anything for her fever. She didn't wake up, honey." I hear a choking sound and I'm pulled tightly into Hazelle's embrace. I barely recognize that I'm sobbing but she's holding me, rocking me back and forth, and whispering "shhh" gently in my ear. There are too many thoughts swirling around my head and I can't seem to get a grasp on any of them. I don't know how long we stand on the porch like that, but I'm eventually able to calm down and pull back. "I need to see her, before Prim..." A fresh round of tears spring to my eyes. My poor Little Duck. She's so tenderhearted and already lost so much. I don't know how I'm going to do this. Hazelle nods and leads me through the front door. She's lying exactly where I left her this morning. Her eyes are closed, hands folded over the blanket that's been pulled up to her chest. I could almost believe she was sleeping, but her skin has already begun to take on a waxy, unnatural sheen. The most obvious detail I notice is the lack of rise and fall of her chest; how unearthly still the whole room is. I'm unable to form a coherent thought but my mind has already begun to catalog everything about the moment. I'm shaking like a leaf when I turn back around to Hazelle. "I... I don't know how to tell..." "I'll tell her, Katniss. We'll get her together and I'll tell her. You just... you hold her, honey," Hazelle says gently. I can't do anything but nod. I let her guide me to her house, barely noticing my feet moving beneath me. I can feel the panic rising from my gut as we walk up the front steps. Prim is sitting at the table with Posy in her lap, helping her with her homework. Uncharacteristically, both boys are also bent over theirs as well. Prim has always had a way of creating order and encouraging the right action from others. I don't know how I'm going to do this. "Boys, take you sister out back. I left some laundry on the line that needs folding," Hazelle commands, leaving no room for argument. "Come on, Pose," Rory says, taking her little hand. He gives Prim one last glance before heading out and I can't help but see Gale in his gray eyes. I follow Hazelle over to the table and we both kneel down next to Prim. I can see the terror in her eyes and I struggle to keep my composure. I can do this. I have to do this for her. I tune out Hazelle's words, but the trembling bottom lip and tears in Prim's eyes sends me into action. I hold her close like I used to, when she was small and scared of the occasional storm. I can only pray its enough, even though I know it'll never be enough. We're all each other has. She's become my lifeline, and I will do whatever I have to for her. In a tangled heap of limbs, tears, and grief on the Hawthorne's wooden floor, I hold Prim. If we can just hold onto each other, we might be able to make it. I barely notice Gale's entrance sometime later, but welcome his arms when he silently drops to the floor beside us, tucking us both in close. I let him hold us together because I'm terribly afraid that I won't be able to.