him to come to her if he has any problems. Claudius knows it's wrong, but he can't stop wondering if this is what it's like to have a mom. A few weeks in, Laverna stays late and takes him to the cafeteria while the older kids are eating. "They'll need to get used to seeing you eventually," she tells him, and Claudius swallows hard but holds himself up straight. "I'll wait here while you get your food." He knows it's a test, to see how he handles being surrounded by thirteens and fourteens and fifteens and sixteens - not the Seniors, they're kept separate from everyone else - and if he starts crying. He's not going to panic. Claudius waits in line like he's not half the size of the next kid in front of him and lets the lady fill his try. He's almost back to his table when a bigger kid - one of the fourteens at least, he has two red beads on his bracelet and Claudius knows what that means - gets in Claudius' way. "I've heard of you," he says, crossing his arms. "You're the kid so crazy not even the homes will take you." Claudius narrows his eyes. He knows what she would want him to say - "excuse me", or "please let me through" - but this isn't her house, this is the Centre. "You're in my way," he says. He's careful not to make it snotty, just a statement, because it is. "Is it true, though? That your parents didn't want you and all the foster homes didn't want you and the orphanages too? That's some deep shit right there." Claudius wonders if they resent him because he's an exception, and the Centre almost never makes those. His breathing quickens, not because he's scared, but because Laverna is watching, and this might not have started out as a real test but it sure is now. If he makes the wrong answer they might send him away again. The Centre is letting him live here, sure, but that's only as long as he's good enough to stay in the Program. Claudius looks up at the boy and keeps his face calm. "You've got a red bead," he says, which is clear enough. You've killed people . He's not supposed to know that, not at seven, but it's impossible to live here early and not pick up stuff. Anyway, it's a good thing. Whatever the rumour mill says Claudius has done, it won't be anywhere near as bad as what that kid did to earn that bead. "Yeah," he says, and he leans down, getting in Claudius' face while still looming over him, and Claudius hates big kids sometimes. He thinks of the big kids in the orphanage and how they thought they were so great just because they were taller. When Claudius is taller he won't be like that. He'll be nice to the littler kids, at least until they stop deserving it. "And you know what? My Ma cried when I left for residential. I heard yours paid the Centre to take you away. You might think you're hot shit just because you're here early, but you know what that means? It just means you're so fucked up nobody wants you, and that makes you more fucked up than everybody else here already. By the time you get out of here, they're gonna have to put you down." Claudius drops his tray and lashes out before he's finished thinking, feeling the crunch of bone under his fist. The boy falls - nobody ever expects a seven-year-old to fight them really, just like she didn't expect him to pick the lock on her bedroom door and stand by her bed with a knife asking why'd you lock me out mom, are you scared of something mom , just like the Home people didn't think he would hit back when they brought out the belt, and they're all just stupid, stupid, stupid - "That's enough, Claudius," says Laverna, and Claudius freezes instantly at the command. He blinks, and there's blood on his hands and on his teeth and the bigger boy is moaning on the floor and Claudius isn't sorry, he isn't sorry at all. He knows what dangerous injuries look like, and this isn't one of them. A couple of days and he'll be fine. "Ha," says another boy, and he has three orange beads but no red ones which means he's still thirteen, animals but no people yet. "Man, I was gonna get on Dart's case for thinking picking on a seven makes him a big man, but uh, I think he got the message." He flings an arm around Claudius' shoulders, and Claudius is still tense from the fight but this kid, at least, doesn't look like he means trouble. He gives Claudius a friendly smile with a dash of wicked in it. "You're all right. Welcome to the club, kid." Two of the sixteens get Dart up between them, his arms around their shoulders, and start dragging him away to the infirmary. Claudius looks around, wary, to see if anyone is going to turn on him next, but they all seem to think the boy got what he deserved. Laverna winks at him, then picks up her tray and takes it to the counter. "See you at training," she says to Claudius, and he realizes with a jolt that she's decided he's all right, that he doesn't need a handler anymore. For a second Claudius is tempted to burst into tears or something just to convince her to stay, but the urge passes. The whole point of the Centre is that things change; the trainees grow, move on. They're supposed to be loyal to the Centre, not to specific people in it. It's time to grow up. Claudius turns back to the new boy. "So what do you guys do for fun?" Note: Next chapter, we skip forward 10 years.