out across his face. He knew. He knew . "Goddammit," she muttered, downing the rest of her champagne in one gulp. "It is you!" he nearly shouted, and she swatted her hand at him in a warning to keep it down. "Sorry. I knew it," he whispered, leaning over the table as if they were confidantes. "I was standing over there watching you and it just clicked." "You were watching me?" she said, mostly sure that the odd feeling in her stomach was just the champagne settling in. "Will you say it?" he pleaded, ignoring the question. "Please? That show was basically my childhood." Katniss sighed heavily. People always asked her to say it. And she always gave in. "Get me another glass of champagne first." She dragged him out onto the empty patio before she'd say it. She'd made the mistake of saying it in front of a crowd before, and they'd needled her into singing the Fuzzy Bunny song, the Pretty Kitty song, the Shoelace song…it had gone on for hours. And they hadn't even tipped her. Apparently the former star of a beloved, 20-year-old children's show still wasn't as impressive as Finnick Odair's six-pack. Peeta watched in wide-eyed anticipation as she stood before him and cleared her throat. She couldn't meet his eyes as she said in a childish, sing-song voice, "Are we having fun yet?" "Yes!" Peeta cheered, fist-pumping the air in joy. Unfortunately, he chose to fist-pump with the same fist that was holding his champagne, and the fizzy liquid splashed onto both of their white shirts, leaving an unappealing yellow stain in its wake. "No! I'm so sorry!" Katniss shrugged it off; of all the possible outcomes from admitting she was Kat Everdeen of Funhouse fame, being drenched in champagne was one of the least offensive. "Are we done here?" she demanded. "Yes. Wait, no. Will you sing?" he asked, giving her puppy eyes. "You had the most beautiful voice," he added wistfully. She looked at him oddly. Most of the people who recognized her remembered the goofy lyrics, or the ridiculous costumes she'd had to wear, or Buttercup the kitten who never seemed to age but definitely changed color every few weeks. No one had ever said anything about her voice. "What song?" she said, surprised by the uncharacteristic softness in her own voice. "Um…the Shoelace song," Peeta said. "You basically taught me to tie my shoelaces, you know." She glanced down at his shoes and laughed. "Double knotted. You learned well, grasshopper." And then she sang it for him. Peeta listened to her in respectful silence through the whole song; he didn't mumble the words along with her or snicker when she got to the endless "loop-de-loop-de-loop-de- loop " part, like everyone else did. And when she finished, his smile was so bright it filled her with a warmth that rivaled that of the three glasses of champagne she'd already guzzled. "Thank you so much," he said seriously. "That was amazing." Katniss looked down at the pavement, kicking a stray pebble with her toe. "No it wasn't," she snorted. "But thank you for saying so." "Wow." Peeta still looked startruck, to the point where she wondered if he'd even seen an episode of television in the two decades since Funhouse went off the air. "I really…I never thought I'd ever get to meet you." Now she was starting to get a little worried. Had she had a stalker all this time, and never known it? He'd have to be a really bad stalker – she'd been living in the same apartment with her sister Prim for the past six years. "Sorry – that probably sounds weird," Peeta said, catching on to her silence. "It's just, um. You were my very first crush." Katniss looked up at him, startled by the sudden flip in her stomach. "Really?" "Really. I remember telling my dad I was going to marry you. I was like, six." He laughed, and reached out to touch the end of her braid, hanging over her shoulder. "You had two braids back then, not one." "Yeah, I did." Katniss smiled slightly. "Well, I guess –" She was interrupted by the grating slide of the glass door. They both froze in place, guilty, as Haymitch peered out at them in the darkness. "What are you kids doing out here?" he demanded, sounding more as if he thought he should care, than as if he really did care. "I spilled some champagne on myself, and Katniss thought maybe chlorine from the pool would help get out the stain," Peeta said easily. Despite the utter stupidity of the answer, Haymitch seemed willing to buy it – or at least to give him credit for trying. "Well. Some redheaded kid threw up in the middle of the dance floor and it turns out she's the director's nineteen-year-old daughter, so we're packing up." He eyed Peeta warily. "I'm just going to assume she got hold of a bottle from one of her older friends out there." Peeta swallowed, nodding. "I don't remember any redheads." "Good. Let's keep it that way." Haymitch disappeared back inside the house and Katniss moved to follow, but Peeta stopped her with a gentle hand on her arm. "Um, Katniss." "Yeah?" "My six-year-old self would be pretty upset with me if I met the girl of his dreams and didn't at least ask for her phone number," he said. "And he's just a kid, so…I don't want to disappoint him." She fought hard to stop the smile from taking over her face – and she almost managed it, at least until she made the mistake of meeting his gaze. She looked back at him for a long moment, then rolled her eyes. "Well, lucky for him I'm a sucker for kids." This was SUPER fun to write, so I really hope you enjoy it. Sorry that Katniss rolls her eyes every 5 minutes. ;) As always, would love to know your thoughts!