and shiny. "That had to be an orgasm," he says, panting slightly. I nod, sucking in a deep breath. "Yeah…yeah, I think so." He kisses me and I can taste myself on his lips. It's odd, but also oddly arousing. Still in a haze, I drop my hand down between us to cup his erection through his pants. "Why are you still…?" I ask tiredly. Peeta closes his eyes and groans a little as I rub my palm against him. After a few moments, he unbuttons the pants and pushes them down around his thighs, along with his boxer shorts. So there it is: his cock. It's bigger than I expected. He takes my hand gently and wraps it around his length, his breathing shallow. I watch in fascination as he moves our hands up and down together. It feels like he's growing even harder in my grip, if that's possible. Peeta lets his hand fall away and drops his head back against the pillows as I continue. After a minute or two of pumping him, I bite my lip, hesitant. "Should I use my mouth?" Peeta looks up at me and laughs weakly. "If you want. But this feels good, too." I'm not completely ecstatic about the prospect of his cock in my mouth, but he did give me my first orgasm with his – so it's only fair. I bend down and lick the tip of him lightly. It's not a bad taste – just a little salty. I do it again, more slowly this time, and Peeta moans softly. "That feels really good," he assures me. Feeling a little more confident, I enclose my mouth around his head, sucking gently. "Ahhhh," Peeta groans, his eyes shut tight. "Yeah, that's really good." I try taking him deeper into my mouth, but end up gagging when he bumps against the back of my throat. "It's okay," he says, brushing his fingers against my hair. "You can just – just use your hand –" It's a lot easier that way, with my hand on the base of his cock and my mouth covering the rest, so that's what I do, trying to suck him in the same rhythm that my hand uses as I work his shaft. Peeta tangles his fingers in my hair, and after a few minutes his breathing grows noticeably ragged. "I'm gonna come soon," he says in a rush, his fingers tightening painfully against my scalp. I kind of like it, to be honest – knowing that I'm the reason he's so off-kilter. I start to suck his cock harder, determined to make him fall apart the way I did for him. Peeta's hips thrust up into my mouth a few times and then his entire body tenses, a strangled sound rising from his throat. His semen is hot and salty against my tongue, and I try to swallow it all quickly. Once he's finished, I sit in place awkwardly, unsure ofwhat I should do. Peeta lies with his arm across his eyes, gathering his wits, then tugs at my arm. "C'mere." I lie down beside him, letting him pull me flush against his bare chest. He kisses me. "Thank you," he murmurs against my mouth. I kiss him back lazily, feeling relaxed, enjoying the warmth of his hand as it skims lightly up and down my back. Much sooner than I expect, I feel his cock twitching against my thigh. I break the kiss and raise my eyebrows in surprise. Peeta flushes a little. "You're really sexy," he says defensively. I laugh. "And really tired." "Understood. I'll behave." He kisses me once more, but keeps it short, and shifts onto his back, pulling me in so that my head rests on his chest. I can feel the slow thud of his heartbeat just under my cheek. His other arm rests over my stomach. I know I shouldn't, but I let my eyes drift shut and snuggle against him, ready to sleep. I'll probably regret this in the morning, but at this moment, I think I deserve the rest – and the comfort – that I know I'll find in Peeta's arms. Tomorrow we can deal with the fallout. With the fact that I am a liar; with the fact that I will let Peeta touch me and kiss me, but I'll never let myself love him. I'm just about to fall asleep when he whispers the words I'd desperately hoped would never come. "Do you remember what I said in the arena?" My eyes flick open, my heart pounding. I know exactly what he means, but I play dumb. "You said a lot of things in the arena." "When I thought you had to kill me. Right at the end," he says. When he said that he loved me, he means. That he didn't want a life if it was without me. That I'm everything to him. "It was true," he says. "I love you." "Peeta, I'm tired," I say softly, but when his body grows tense against my back I know it was the wrong thing to say. I'm too afraid to turn around and see how I've hurt him. "I…I meant things that I said, too," I say, trying to soften the blow. I hadn't said much at all, though, just protested through my tears while Peeta tried to convince me to shoot an arrow through his heart. And Peeta knows it. "Okay," he says, and lets it drop. Though he doesn't speak again, I can tell he doesn't fall asleep for a long, long time. Neither do I. I spend the night wrapped in his arms, blinking back tears, clutching his hand, and dreading the moment when I will finally have to let go. This was originally written for the Fandom 4 LLS charity drive. I'm considering a part two, not sure when that will be finished, though. I hope you enjoyed it, and would love to know what you think! :)