breathing erratically as he moved lower, intending to taste her as she had tasted him. A cry was wrenched from her when his tongue snaked out and touched her, and her hips bucked violently under his hands. He explored her, tasted her, just as she had him, her cries becoming louder. Lost in the taste of her and the reactions he was garnering from her, her climax took him completely by surprise as she shrieked and writhed. He thought it was just as well for her to be that much more prepared, given his size, as he slid up her body to kiss her once more, which she accepted greedily, evidently not caring about tasting herself on him. He positioned himself at her entrance, feeling her jolt at the sensation and tense up slightly. He kissed her deeply, toying with a nipple in an attempt to distract her until she relaxed once more. When she was relaxed and entirely distracted, he pushed inside her slick heat with one quick thrust, burying himself inside her and damn near coming then and there. He held still as her body slowly relaxed from the intrusion, fighting every instinct to rut into her wildly. And she looked so beautiful below him, eyes clouding over as he began to slowly rock inside her until she urged him to move faster. He lowered his body until it was touching hers, but not so that she was bearing his weight. He leaned down and captured her lips with his once more, kissing her passionately as he slowly made love to her. And when she came apart beneath him with a scream of his name, he vowed he would never forget that moment as he followed her into bliss. "So, Katniss. Peeta's wedding is all the rage here. But why don't you tell us about that special person in your life?" Katniss sat with Caesar on the very same stage, wearing her normal hunting clothes from home - which had made Gale grin - with Caesar, telling about life since the war. She cocked her head slightly, wondering how in the world he seemed to know about Haymitch. And judging by the twinkle in Caesar's eye, he did know. "How do you..." Caesar grinned in delight. "Well of course there were cameras at the party last night," Caesar said with a wink. She felt her cheeks heat up slightly as she remembered the way they had danced, and kissed, and couldn't help but smile. "Well Caesar, he actually crept up on me a bit when we went back to District Twelve together. He took care of me while I recovered from the war. It helped, having someone there that had nightmares from the Games as well." Caesar seemed to catch on to her game of playing coy, not naming her lover. "So he's a victor as well?" "Yes, he is," she said, grinning wider. The audience was growing wild, demanding to know who her new love interest was. "Shall we bring him out here Katniss?" "Well I think so, we've antagonized everyone long enough, haven't we?" Caesar laughed loudly, gesturing to the group on the platform, all of his interviewees, beckoning to Haymitch to join them. He looked at her carefully, and she smiled in reassurance. All cameras focused on Haymitch as he stood and walked proudly toward them, and the cheers were deafening as Haymitch scooped her up, sat down, and plunked her right onto his lap. Caesar laughed, and Haymitch wrapped his arms around her waist, tugging her close. "So Haymitch. We've heard from Katniss. What about you? When did this happen for you?" Haymitch took a deep breath, and his smile faded slightly as his mood grew slightly somber. "On the night the Quarter Quell was announced, both Peeta and Katniss came to me separately, asking me to spare the other's life and sacrifice their own. When I agreed with Katniss to help Peeta and let her die, I realized..." He trailed off, looking down at her face. When he looked up at Caesar again, he was smiling again. "I realized I never wanted to let her go." The teary sighs emanating from the audience were overwhelming, but she couldn't help but smile up at Haymitch. He was so tender and loving with her, in a way she never knew she could be loved. And suddenly the footage from the party last night was playing behind them, and they all turned to watch. She could see herself in Haymitch's arms, and now could see what everyone else had. Their bodies were nearly touching, and you could see how much he loved her in the expression on his face, and the way his hands framed her waist, holding her close to him. The lyrics to the song that had been playing provided the perfect background as she watched Haymitch stop moving and pull her close. Cheers went up on all sides when they watched him lean down and kiss her, and she couldn't help but tear up at the tenderness of the moment, smiling when she watched Haymitch wipe her tears from her cheeks in the video. With a quick, tender kiss after the video had stopped playing, Haymitch pulled them both to their feet. Caesar was looking on with interest, but he began to smile as Haymitch took her hands, and knelt before her. She knew a moment of shock when he got down to his knee, before it gave way to complete joy as he pulled a small black box from his pocket. "Katniss Everdeen," Haymitch said, looking up at her with adoration in his eyes. "I know I'm not much, but I love you with all of my heart. Will you marry me?" Unable to speak through the tears, she nodded vigorously, and he grinned as he slid the ring on her finger, before standing and pulling her into his arms. And when they kissed, the entire room exploded in cheers and screams.