on the coffee table. Gale filled it to the brim this time, then topped off his own. "So, how long have you know?" asked Madge, dropping all pretense. "Six months, give or take a week. You?" "Six hours," she said, draining her glass again. "Give or take a second," she added with a half smile. Gale was even more impressed. For a woman who'd just found out that her husband was a cheater, she seemed awfully well-adjusted. She circled a finger around the rim of her glass, the only indication that she was at all nervous. It wasn't every day she found herself alone with a strange man in his house. She didn't know anything about this Hawthorne fellow, other than that his wife was fooling around town with her husband. Madge studied him in stolen, pieced together glances. He was ridiculously handsome, which meant his wife was likely ridiculously beautiful. His plain, navy slacks and matching button-down shirt were streaked with black grease. He must've just gotten off work. His black hair sticking up at odd angles, the shadow of stubble across his chiseled jaw, and the amused twinkle in his clear gray eyes, all added up in the best possible way. Most of the men she knew were clean-cut, well mannered, safe and dull. She'd married Peeta mainly for his wit. He used to make her laugh herself breathless. Sometimes he still did. But he'd never set her pulse racing the way it was now. "How long have you been married to…" He trailed off, raising one dark eyebrow in a question. "Peeta," Madge finished for him. "We've been married twelve years." Gale let out a low whistle. "Shit," he said, filling her glass again. "That's rotten." "It's been a good twelve years," she said, a tad defensive. "What about you and…" She knew the name, but couldn't bring herself to say it. "Five years," said Gale. "Feels like a thousand and one. Got any kids?" "Two," she answered promptly, almost like this was a job interview. "A girl and a boy." "How old?" "Seven and two." "Shit," he said again, refilling his own glass this time. Madge didn't need to ask if he and Katniss had any children. It was obvious from the state of their tiny apartment that they didn't. "Are you going to leave him?" he asked. His bluntness left her dizzy. Or was it the whiskey taking effect? "I don't know. I haven't thought about it," she answered honestly. She thought about it now. She and the children could stay with Maysilee and Haymitch. But for how long and what then? How would she explain it all to Alice and Timothy. They were too young to understand. Besides, Peeta was a spectacular father. She wouldn't take them away from him. "Do you think they're in love?" she asked. "Katniss is," said Gale with a shrug. "I can't speak for your man." "I think he is, too," she said, putting down her glass. "This is quite a predicament we've stumbled into, Mr. Hawthorne." "Gale," he corrected her. Though they'd only just met, he felt they were beyond formalities. "Gale," she repeated. She leaned forward, her elbows resting on her knees. "Do you love your wife?" "Every other day," he said lightly. "What about today?" "Not so much today," he said, his voice a shade deeper than it'd been before. She licked the whiskey from her lips and a heat that had nothing to do with the alcohol pooled in his stomach. "Do you love your husband?" She leaned in a little further. "No, not so much today," she said, her smile an invitation that he was all too happy to accept. Madge was a good wife. Before that, she'd been a good girl. The only man she'd ever been with was her husband. But now, as Gale undid the buttons down the front of her dress, his calloused hands just barely grazing bare skin, she realized how much time she'd wasted on being good. Her dress puddled to the floor, followed by her shift. Standing naked in the dim yellow light of the apartment, she expected to feel nervous, ashamed, guilty. As Gale's smoky eyes raked over her from head to dainty foot, she felt only a thrilling tingle wherever his gaze travelled. "Your husband's an idiot," he said, his hands taking over for his eyes. Madge shuddered. She was far from a blushing bride, but his exploratory caresses made her feel young again, like Spring. Here was the change she'd been waiting for all of her life. Hands trembling with expectation and impatience, she undressed him and took her turn to explore. Gale closed his eyes, his head tipped back, as she kissed her way down his chest, his stomach, and lower. When she reached a certain point, Katniss was wiped from his mind like she'd never existed. Madge Mellark was the only woman in the world. He sank down to the floor and he kept sinking. Thoroughly exhausted, Madge collapsed against him, her ear pressed to his sweaty chest, his heart thumping against her flushed cheek. Her body was still humming from all of the things he'd done to it. Things she hadn't known were possible. "I should go," she finally said, sitting up. Gale wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her back down for one more deep kiss, before letting her go. He watched her dress from the floor, his hands folded behind his head, stupid drunk on the memory of her from twenty minutes ago, riding him like a steed in need of being broken in. On first seeing her, he'd never have expected her to have such a voracious appetite. Not that he was complaining. He'd always loved surprises and he suspected that Madge Mellark was full of them. "Peeta will be out of town next week," she said, slowly doing up her last three buttons. "What a coincidence," said Gale, grinning up at her. "So will Katniss."