from the edge and leans against the wall, takes the girl's hand and presses it against the cool metal, solid and reassuring. "Remember how it felt when you fell and thought that was it. And then you pick up that sword tomorrow and you fight with everything you've got, and when you come back I'll give you a free shot at me in revenge. Okay?" "You're insane," Sloane gibbers, and she clings to Lyme's shirt and mashes her face into her shoulder and heaves with aborted sobs. "You're fucking - that was - do they teach you that in school? Is there a chapter for terrifying your tributes?" "I prefer to improvise," Lyme tells her, and it's so good to hear the snark, even laced with delirium, that she has to swallow a delighted laugh. "Now are we good?" "Yes," Sloane says, and she pushes away and rubs her hands over her face and buries her fingers in her hair. "Yes, you fucking maniac, okay, you win. Fuck me !" She gets Sloane calmed down with a mug of hot chocolate dosed with sleeping pills, and she sends the girl to bed and collapses on the sofa, holding a cushion over her face. "Do I want to know?" Devon asks as he comes out of Felix's room and pads across the floor to stand next to the couch. "Friendly chat," Lyme tells him, stifling another hysterical bubble of laughter. "Okay," Devon says dubiously, but he heads into his room and leaves her alone. Lyme lies there for a while longer, the pillow firmly pressed to her face. "Up to you now, baby girl," she says into the fabric, then sits up, wipes her face, and heads to bed. Sloane stands in a crouch on her platform, eyes narrowed as her gaze sweeps the field in front of her. A few quick glances to mark her fellow Careers, another for the meat, and she's back to the Cornucopia and the pile of weapons. There's a shiny sword in the middle of it with the perfect reach just for her. The countdown clock hits zero and Sloane springs off her platform, faster than the others, and she's at the Cornucopia with the weapon in her hand, swinging round and doubling back, before the others have even reached the mediocre supplies in the outer rings. She swings the sword (the boy from Seven goes down in a spray of blood) and before she turns and cuts down the girl from Nine, Sloane pauses - just for a second - to shoot the nearest camera a sharp, wicked smile. "Where the hell did that come from?" Johanna demands, throwing down her headset. "So much for that." Lyme ignores her, hands tight on her console, as she offers up a silent prayer. Six months later the winter wind whips past the windows, rattling the panes as hail strikes the glass. Lyme stands next to Devon, her back stick-straight and expression picture-perfect politeness as she shakes the hand of Claribel of District One, Victor of the 73rd Hunger Games. "I thought you should know," Claribel says, pressing Lyme's hand, and this isn't scripted but it doesn't matter because the cameras stopped at the door. "She - your girl - she almost had me there, at the end. I could see how much she wanted it." The blade finds its mark regardless of intention, and Lyme swallows bile. "Thank you," Lyme says mechanically, and the girl flinches just a little around the eyes and fuck, no, it's not this child's fault. She played the game the same as Sloane, it's not fair to blame her. "Still, congratulations. You obviously wanted it more." The girl's eyes are shadowed, and whenever someone passes too close - especially a man - her shoulders tense like she wants to cringe but knows she'll get in trouble. "I did," Claribel says, the words edged with desperation. "I really did. But -" she stops, pinching her lips together. "I did," she says again, more firmly. "I do. I'm glad I won. For the opportunity." Lyme smiles (and smiles, and smiles) until the train pulls away, and that night she puts a hole in her wall and stares at it, fingers bleeding onto the floor tiles, until Nero appears out of nowhere with a bandage and a glass of whiskey. Lyme's learned her lesson when selection for the 74th rolls around. No more girls, no more emotions, no more making it personal. Pick the one most likely to win, the one with the greatest sponsor appeal and highest scores and all of that, and be done with it. This year it's not even a choice; Cato stands out above the rest of the boys in his class like the sun on an exposed block of marble in the middle of a pile of gravel. Cato with his rages and his attitude problem and his attachment issues and pathological need for attention and codependent friendship with the girl who's frontrunner for the year after him. It's Brutus opposite this year with the girl (Gisele, probably, she's top of her class and quarry-proud and gorgeous) but in a way, that's better. Brutus chooses his tributes on skills, not feelings, and that will help Lyme remember where she is, how she needs to be. The official deadline is a while yet, and Lyme looks at Cato's file just long enough to reassure herself that yes, she can fix this one, before putting it aside. Lyme heaves herself to her feet and opens the window, letting in the sharp spring breeze. The wind blows the curtains and brings in a breath of fresh mountain air. It jingles the wind chime, handmade and forever unfinished, fashioned from cords of tattered black leather and chipped glass beads, scrubbed clean of blood to show the original colours: orange, red, silver and gold. Lyme stares at the newest strands for a long time, then shakes her head and pulls the curtains shut.