before moving on to the next location. He raises an eyebrow as he pulls away from the curb. "First stop?" Her smile grows wider. "You'll see." "You brought me to school?" He turns off the car and leans forward to see the Capitol High School lettering above the main entrance. The sun has started to set behind the brick building, so they're right on time. Grabbing the paper bags overflowing with fries, Madge hops out of the passenger side. "Technically yes," she says. "But we need to climb a few stairs first." She points to the closest fire escape, and Gale's eyes trail up to the rooftop. Two stories climbed and an impressing balancing act involving their fast food dinner later, and Madge and Gale are settled on the edge the rooftop, burgers and French fries and cherry Cokes and tator tots and mac and cheese spread out between them on napkins and brown paper bags, the town of Capitol beneath their feet. The sun has sunk low in the sky, but Madge can still pick out Haymitch's Diner and the town hall and her house and Maysilee's shop in the dimming light. "So how did Madge Undersee end up on the school's roof?" Gale asks, taking a bite of a fry. "Seems like a pretty delinquent move for the mayor's kid." She gives him a look, and he grins. "Aunt May and my mom used to do this all the time in high school. They said it was a good way to put all the small town stuff in perspective. To remind them how insignificant all the drama and high school problems and gossip is." Madge grows quiet, pulling her knees up to her chest. Her mom brought her up here after she got sick, saying that she wanted to pass down her special spot and that when Madge needed a reminder to get past the small town stuff, the roof would always be here. Even when her mom wouldn't be. The faint outline of the moon appears in the sky, but when she looks back at Gale, he's staring at her intently. She looks away and shrugs. "I figured you might be able to relate to that." "I'm sorry that I was such an asshole when we first met," Gale says suddenly. "I was pissed about moving here, and I took it out on everyone including you, because you're like the Capitol posterchild. Everyone in this town loves you and you're the mayor's kid – not that any of it was your fault, obviously, but I was being dumb, and it seemed like a good enough reason to not like you at the time. Except you were this hot girl who reads Hemingway and plays the piano really well, and I was screwed." Madge stares at him, her brain caught in a weird feedback loop, because did Gale just call her hot? She doesn't think that she's ever been called hot by anyone, much less someone like Gale. But he must interpret her silence as something else, because he continues talking. "And I'm sorry about the party. About the . . . trying to kiss you thing." He winces at the admittance, and her eyes widen. She thought that he didn't remember that. After all, he never said anything . . . "God, I'd wanted to kiss you for so long, and that night, I thought I blew it, because I was being an idiot, but uh, that's not the point of all this. The point of is that I really, really like –" Madge lunges forward before he can finish, pressing her lips against his, and he responds immediately, threading his fingers through her thick hair and keeping her close. Gale deepens the kiss, leaning backwards and pulling her down on top of him, and she settles in between his hips, their ankles knocking together. Madge rests her hands gently against his chest, strong and sturdy under her palms. When air becomes an issue, she pulls away, craning her neck backwards to look at Gale, all dark hair and hooded eyelids and swollen lips, and he's beautiful. She smiles and says, "I like you, too." "Are you ready?" he asks once his truck is in park. It's Monday morning, and there's fifteen minutes before first period begins. "For all the stares and the whispers and the oohing and aweing?" She lifts a shoulder in an air of nonchalance and takes the wrapper off the blueberry muffin she'd grabbed before leaving the house. "I mean, I already told Delly, so I wouldn't be surprised if there's already a banner proclaiming our newfound coupledom." "Did you just say coupledom?" "Maybe," she teases before taking a bite out of her pastry. She's joking. Mostly. Delly had literally squealed when Madge had told her that her and Gale were actually and officially together, but she doesn't think her friend would go too crazy over the news. . . "Do you have a problem with that?" Gale hums thoughtfully in consideration before shaking his head. "But if anyone other than my girlfriend said that word, I'd probably make fun of them. Relentlessly." Madge grins widely. "Good thing I'm your girlfriend then." He grins back before leaning over the gear shift to kiss her softly. "You taste like blueberry." "I wonder why," she says sardonically, holding up her muffin in explanation, and Gale makes a face at her sarcasm. "Now come on," Madge continues, unbuckling her seat belt and opening her car door. "We don't want to be late for class." "We don't?" he asks with a raised eyebrow. But he follows her out of the car anyway, and they stop in front of the main doors. "Ready?" she asks, echoing his earlier question, as she adjusts the straps of her backpack over her shoulders. Gale takes her hand in his, and Madge looks down at their intertwined fingers before up at Gale who grins back at her. "More than you even know."