disposal than call his own mentor about a nightmare more than a year out, so fair enough. The kids are meant to slowly handle a release of responsibility, after all. "But at least the damn things have some use besides causing you all entertainment." "I did have a dream after, actually," Devon says, eyes wide and innocent, and oh hell. "You were on a mountain, calling down your pet hawk from the sky so you could fly off and hunt lions —" "That's enough, you," Brutus says, and shoves Devon off the couch. The worrisome part is that Lyme disappears for a while after that. Brutus would have expected her to hide candles in his refrigerator or his sock drawer or inside the toes of his boots, but there's nothing. A younger, more foolish Brutus might have taken this as a good thing, assumed that Lyme got all her kicks by pawning the pranks off onto her Victor, but Brutus is about ten years too jaded to believe something like that. No, Lyme has something planned — she never forgets, and most definitely never gives up the opportunity to torment Brutus — and the longer it takes for things to happen, the worse it's going to be when it does. One of these days Brutus fears Lyme won't do anything at all, that she'll only let him think she's plotting something and drive himself half-insane waiting for it while she happily eats breakfast and goes over polling data and fucks her young, pretty sponsor boys into the wall, or whatever she does in her free time. Brutus still hasn't been able to come up with anything as revenge in case she ever pulls that one. It's almost a relief when Lyme shows up at his door with another box, grinning toothily and bouncing her weight from one foot to the other. At least it will be over, and if it's not exactly complimentary to compare a visit from his closest friend to the moment when the final tribute appears in the distance, well, nobody said they were friends because they're nice . "Do I even want to know?" Brutus asks, but he lets her in because his curiosity won't let him slam the door, Games-damn it all. One of these days he'll be the death of himself. "I had Victor Affairs make a few calls." Lyme drops the box on his table and slices it open with her knife, leaving Brutus to shake off an odd sense of deja vu. "You know, I looked into it and your stupid manly candles are really popular. They can't keep up with production in the Capitol without a three-month backlog." Brutus stares at her. "You're fucking kidding me." "I'm really not," Lyme says. The grin drops the edges for a second, turning almost genuine. "I'm pretty sure these stupid candles are gonna feed your next kid for a week." Brutus lowers himself down into his seat, a mix of emotions swirling around in his chest. Except that Lyme still hasn't explained the new package, and Brutus eyes her warily. "What's this, then? New scents?" "Yeah," Lyme says brightly. She finally gets the box open and holds out a candle, turning it this way and that in her palm. "Not for you, though. I got myself set up with a line of my own." "You —" Brutus opens his mouth, closes it, tries again. "What?" "You didn't think I was going to let you get away with having the manliest scents in Panem, did you?" Lyme grins and hands the candle over. "This one's 'Better Than a Boyfriend', for the optimistic lady fans. I've got a whole bunch of them now that make yours smell like roses and petit-fours." She keeps rooting through the box, making pleased noises to herself as she picks up one after the other and checks the description. "The fuck is a petit-four," Brutus mutters, snatching up a candle and smelling it. It has the same artificial scent of the mountains, mixed with a hint of musk and spice — and also, for reasons Brutus doesn't understand, makes him want to hit things. "Well that sure is something." Lyme laughs and takes it back. "Yeah. So I guess we'll see which one of us has the more devoted creepy fans." Brutus leans back in his chair, steepling his fingers and giving Lyme a slow once over. "So lemme get this straight. You're turning this into a competition?" She shows her teeth, sharp and predatory. "You bet I am. Wanna make a wager on who sells more by the summer? You've even got a week's handicap." Brutus curls his lip, and he stands up and shoves his chair back. "Why not," he says, and holds out his hand for Lyme to slap. "Loser has to have a public date with a sponsor of the winner's choice." Lyme barks out a laugh and smacks his hand hard enough to sting. "You're on," she says. She takes the candle and sticks it back in the box, then lifts it back under her arm. "Come on, I'm going to take these to Victor Affairs. Let them sell the extras and take it as a bonus." Brutus cocks an eyebrow. "You're not gonna keep them?" "Are you shitting me?" Lyme snorts. "I don't want that in my house, it'll make the whole place stink. Why do you think I brought them here while I opened them?" Brutus rolls his eyes and jostles her shoulder, hoping to make her drop the box, but Lyme's grip stays firm. "You're a real delight, you know that?" Lyme winks at him. "Save the compliments for Marjorie Flanglehammer," she says sweetly. "You'll need it." Brutus gives her the finger, and when she's talking to the gate guards he sneaks a hand into the box to steal a Better than Boyfriend candle, sticking it down the back of his shirt before Lyme turns around. Artemisia will appreciate the gift, he's sure.