Caesar and Claudius. "Let's not make a big thing of this, okay?" she pleads as the stand in front of the building, waiting for a taxi. "Let me take you home," he pleads in turn, desperate for another minute with her. "No. I want to walk. It will be good for me," she says tearfully. "And for them too," she motions to the dogs. "You're sure?" "Yeah. I need it," she says trying to ignore the way her body's shaking. She reaches out for him, wanting this to be over so she can start to put herself back together again. Her kiss is quick, but it's the best she can; do words won't come. She spins out of his grasp, needing to flee, but before she can get more than a few steps, Peeta grabs her, forcing her to face him and then his lips are crashing against hers, and she swears she can feel every minute that he's missed her and loved her and longed for her since they've been apart. Even when the kiss ends the stand there, holding on like the only thing that matters is the other. The taxi driver honks and bangs his fist against the side of the car obnoxiously, and Katniss has never wanted to put an arrow through someone more than she does him at this moment. Neither one of them seems to be able to say 'goodbye', so they just say, "I love you," and leave it at that. Katniss stays rooted to the sidewalk until Peeta's taxi disappears around the corner. The walk home is a blur, and the only bright spot is that she's able to slip inside her building when someone else is coming out, and the key to their apartment that Gale hid under a potted plant on their landing when they moved in is still there. She kicks her shoes off in the living room, not caring enough to pick them up and put them away. She strips out of her dress in the bedroom, and though she knows she should probably shower, or at least wash off her makeup, all she has the energy for is pulling on her robe and pair of warm, fuzzy socks. She sits down at the window seat overlooking the courtyard at the back of the building, and for the first time, really lets herself cry. She couldn't stop it if she wanted too anyway. Caesar and Claudius whimper and paw at her when her sobbing reaches a fevered pitch; her throat raw and her stomach sick and the wounds on her heart fresh again. The tears never really stop, but they do slow down. When Gale stumbles through the door, they're merely a trickle. He doesn't look like he slept last night either, but she doesn't notice that anymore than he notices her crying, at least at first. "I thought you weren't coming home until tomorrow?" she asks, her voice sounding almost normal as the dogs rush across the room to greet him. "We finished up early. What are they doing here?" He pets them absently before turning his attention back to her. "We got locked out last night." "Who?" "Me and the dogs," she lies. "Are you okay?" he asks, alarmed, noticing her tears for the first time. He crosses the room hastily, crouching down in front of her and taking her hand in his. "I'm sorry about our fight, Catnip," he says kissing her knuckles. "But I have the day off and I thought maybe we could go out, just us. It's been too long since we've done that." "That sounds… really nice," she says, trying to convince herself as much as him. "I'll go change." He lets her hand fall away as she walks back into the bedroom. Her eyes land on the dress tossed haphazardly over their bed and thoughts of Peeta hit her hard, taking her breath away with them. "Katniss…," Gale says from behind her, making her jump and spin around. He's holding her high heels in his hand, a strange look on his face. "Where did you sleep last night?" xxxx It's a picture perfect white winter day outside the windows of Peeta's studio, but it's not the snowy landscape he's painting, it's Katniss. Katniss wrapped in flames, her hair fanning up around her face, heartbreakingly beautiful. Finnick has been hounding him to come back to New York for the opening of his show, but Peeta can't go back. Not now, maybe not ever. He can't be that close to Katniss and not have her. He's resolved a hundred times to get rid of every painting he's ever made of her; resolved to never paint her again because the memories are too painful. He can't do it though, can't give up this one last part of her: his memories. So he paints like a madman, Katniss staring back at him from every side of his studio, in one way or another. It takes a while for the pounding on his front door to break through the haze in his brain, and he's going to shout at whoever it is and slam the door in their face for disrupting him. He's been avoiding his friends and family and neighbors for weeks since he got back, and right now that's all he wants: solitude. There's a string of obscenities perched on his tongue when he flings the door open, but all that makes it out is a surprised gasp, and all he's aware of is dark hair and grey eyes and olive skin and the familiar feeling of Katniss in his arms. His back slams against the wall and somehow the door gets slammed shut, and she's kissing him so fiercely he thinks he might die. "Don't leave me again," he gasps when he can finally stand to put a hairsbreadth of space between their lips. "Don't let me," she says before kissing him again, pulling him backwards towards his bedroom on memory alone.