with kids so the kids can contribute; there's the Program so families can get money and food that way. If you work hard, the Capitol will provide." "It just doesn't feel like it was that hard," Devon says, but his shoulders unclench just a little. "I mean it was three weeks!" "You worked for ten whole years to get to those three weeks," Brutus points out, eyes narrowing. Nobody is gonna talk shit about his Victor, including his Victor. "It's not like you just strolled in and got lucky with a few hammer swings. You didn't cheat and use a fucking forcefield to take the competition out for you, or just take longer to starve than anyone else. Anybody who wins deserves respect for that, whether they won by combat or default or what, but don't knock what you did. You won because you've been training for this since you were seven. Don't make it less than that." "But -" "Rule one," Brutus says sharply. "What is it? Tell me." Devon sucks in a breath. "It's never over." "That's right. The house, that's what you got for winning and all the training you did to get there. The Parcel Days, that's your way of paying back the district that made you and fed you and supported you. Your stipend from here on, you're gonna earn that." And the thing is, Brutus has the best kids in the Village, because where others might whine or get entitled, Devon brightens. "Really? How?" "Lots of ways. Mentoring, getting sponsors." Brutus leans back in the booth, studying the lanky eighteen-year-old sitting across from him, mouth shiny from butter grease. "You can come do recruiting with me, go to hospitals and schools and orphanages and tell kids about the Program, how they can get stipends for their families. The more kids you get to join the Program, the more parents get to feed their kids. There's lots of things you can do to help people that ain't running through the streets throwing money at their heads. But I don't wanna hear you say you don't deserve what you get, because you do. You earned it by walking through that gate, and you could sit on your ass for the rest of your life and still deserve it but I know you won't." "No!" Devon sits up, rearing back so hard he nearly smacks his head against the booth. "What? No! No, I want to work. It wouldn't be right just to sit around and only work one month a year." This time Brutus does smile; he said the same thing to Odin back in the day, and Odin gave him the same amused, indulgent look he's likely shooting at Devon now. "Kiddo, mentoring ain't just one month a year. Even without all the recruiting stuff, mentoring is a full-time job. There's sponsor deals and exposure and all kinds of things year-round; you build your brand and you work to sell yourself just as much as the tributes; if you do it right, sponsors will line up for you before they ever see your kid because they'll want to work with you." He grins, sharp and predatory. Fewer pleasures in life rank with taking money from someone dumb enough to use it to stick peacock feathers in their ass and saving a kid's life with it instead. "I bet you could fleece 'em all and they'd thank you for the privilege after, with that doe face of yours." "Me, fleece people?" Devon opens his eyes wide and innocent, and Brutus laughs out loud. Devon smiles, and once again Brutus' chest tightens. Devon kissed the One girl and slid a knife between her ribs while she sighed against his mouth, then convinced the rest of the Pack one of the outliers must have done it while they slept; the next night he slit the Four boy's throat as they lay tangled together by the campfire. Now he sits in an oversized sweater with the sleeves pulled down and stares at a list of ice cream sundaes. "Thanks," he says. "I feel better." Devon won't thank Brutus two or three years from now when he sits in the sponsor ring for real and tallies up how many meals and knives and trauma kits the jewellery and cosmetic surgery around him could buy; won't thank Brutus the first time he picks a boy or girl to be his tribute and they die in the dust from a sword to the gut or a rock to the side of the head, the first time their blood soaks the grass or clumps the sand or spreads out through the water in a thick red cloud. Soon enough he'll learn that the price he paid in knives and broken necks is just the first instalment in a debt that never ends. It's never over, not ever, and soon he'll learn there are far worse things than standing over the body of a twelve-year-old with his finger-bruises purpling her throat. But not now; right now it's less than six months out and his boy has just started sleeping through the night without waking up in cold sweats and reaching for his knives. Now Brutus has friendship bracelets tied around his wrists that he'll wear until they fall off naturally because Devon read about it in a book. "'Course you do, 'cause you're a smart boy who listens to his mentor," Brutus says. "Now get the damn ice cream before I have to feed it to you like a baby." "Yes, sir," Devon says, but then his eyes glint with a hint of the wicked light that made the sponsors fall over themselves for him even if his kills were clean and not flashy. "So does that mean you would feed it to me, hypothetically, or -" "Don't push it, boy," Brutus warns, flattening his eyes, and Devon grins, picks up the dessert menu and orders the biggest, most ridiculous sundae in the restaurant.