sounds...but no, it did not smell like London. Beneath the vapors of petrol, there was a spicy scent stirred round the room by the sluggish fan blades above the bed. "Come on," said Peeta. "The others are waiting for us." Right, she was in Alexandria, on an expedition, and the others were waiting. Professor Abernathy and Katniss were debating the Jewish presence in Ancient Egypt. "It's in the scrolls," said Katniss, leaning forward in her chair, voice heated. "The Exodus did happen." Abernathy swirled the melting cubes of ice in his drink. Opposite of his pupil, he spoke in a sarcastic drawl. "And the rivers ran red with blood, all the firstborn sons were smothered by the Angel of Death, and good, ole Moses said, let my goddamn people go. Fairy tales and nonsense." "I'm not saying the ten plagues happened," snapped Katniss. "But you can't deny the sudden disappearance of the Jews in ancient texts during Ramses the Second's reign. They must have-" Gale rubbed his temples. He didn't understand why Katniss bothered arguing with their professor. She couldn't win. The only thing she accomplished was to worsen his stubborn headache. Peeta and the Undersee girl were taking their sweet time getting here. That was the problem with rich people. They didn't give a damn about making people wait. The world turned according to their schedule. "You're not accounting for the records that have yet to be found," said Professor Abernathy. "Of course not," said Katniss. "What's the point of that? The absence of something doesn't prove it's existence. If that were the case, then-" "Sorry to keep you waiting," said Peeta, strolling into the room as though he owned it. Undersee followed like his nervous shadow. "Madge here sleeps like the dead." Katniss huffed at being interrupted mid-point. Abernathy looked relieved. Before Katniss could continue on, acting like the new arrivals hadn't ruined her pithy punchline, the professor said, "Take a seat, pour yourselves a drink. It's time we get acquainted." There was only one vacant chair. Peeta gestured for Madge to take it. She perched stiffly on the edge of the seat, with her gloved hands folded primly in her lap. Neither of them seemed interested in a drink. They were still finding their land legs. "Everdeen, Hawthorne, Mellark, you all know each other," said Abernathy, looking at them each in turn, before his eyes rested on Madge. Despite being a notorious drunk, there were times, such as now, when his gaze was eerily piercing. He was smarter and more perceptive than he let on. To be the Head of Archeology at Oxford, he had to be. "So that leaves me to introduce our friend here from Journalism, Ms. Margaret Undersee. She'll be keeping a record of our adventures for the school newsletter. Anything you'd like to add, Ms. Undersee?" Madge shook her head. She couldn't speak, even if she'd wanted to, not in this stuffy parlor with three pairs of unfamiliar eyes on her. The dark-haired boy, Hawthorne, and the girl who could be his sister were it not for their different surnames, were both looking at her like she was an outsider, someone who shouldn't be here, and right then she agreed with them. "Moving on then," said Abernathy. "I'll be brief. The next two weeks will not be a pleasant vacation. None of you have been out in the field. The hours are long, the work is bloody slow and painfully tedious, and there aren't any hotels where we're going. That being said, I don't tolerate whining. Understood?" "Me and Katniss are used to roughing it," said Gale, pointedly eyeing Peeta and Madge. "We understand what we've gotten into," said Peeta, glaring back at him. Madge, however, didn't have the faintest idea what she'd gotten herself into. You're here , she told herself. No turning back. Be brave and serve your god. Serve your god? Where had that come from? She brushed aside the strange thought. "We leave for Karnak in the morning," said Professor Abernathy. "If you're late, I'll leave you behind. I suggest you all go enjoy your last night of modern comforts. I know I will." He held up his glass for emphasis. "Now get out of here. I'll be seeing enough of you lot over the next two weeks and I'd rather not look at you for the next twelve hours." He stared down Katniss, eager to pick up on their argument where they'd left it. "Come on, Catnip," said Gale. "You heard the man." He took Katniss by the arm and steered her from the room behind Mellark and Undersee. "Well, shall we go exploring?" said Peeta just outside the door. Gale gave him a scathing look. Just because they were on this expedition together, didn't make them friends. Mellark could forget about that. "Do what you want," he said, before slinking off down the hall. Without a word, Katniss went after him. "Friendly folk. Superb manners," said Peeta, watching them. Once they rounded the corner, he turned his attention to Madge. "What about you? Fancy taking an evening stroll through Alexandria." "Pass," she said. "I think I'll take Abernathy's advice and enjoy the modern comfort of my feather mattress." "Oh, come on," said Peeta. "Tell me you didn't travel all this way just to sleep." Now that she was here, Madge couldn't remember why she'd come. To prove herself to Professor Crane, to her mother, to the world itself? In hindsight, that all seemed like childish pride. Professor Abernathy's speech had left her more in doubt than ever. If it was really going to be so terrible out there, she needed a good night's rest, hopefully without any strange dreams, to prepare herself for the trials to come. Alone in her room, though, she was unable to drift off again. She tossed and turned all night, like a ship on the ocean, a ship that had strayed far off course and had little hope of finding safe shores.