you in the morning." Lyme walks past her, through the balcony door and into the Games complex, and doesn't look back to see whether Artemisia is watching. Artemisia holds the record for swordsmanship as far back as the Centre has ever recorded; Brutus and Lyme both topped their years, but prime vs. prime with no extenuating circumstances, just a good, pure duel, Artemisia could take them both out without trying. When it's time for her private session, Lyme tells her to showcase that. "Nothing else?" Artemisia asks, and she's trying for casual but the gleam in her eyes is immediate and impossible to hide. "For fifteen minutes? The trainers always told us to diversify." Lyme raises both her eyebrows and stares her down. "Are you telling me you can't make swords interesting for fifteen minutes?" she asks. "Because I'm pretty sure the girl I chose to win can do just that." Artemisia flips a grape into the air with her thumb and catches it between her teeth. "Done and done," she says, and gives Lyme an appreciative glance. She scores an eleven. Jasper, who thirty seconds ago was happy enough with his ten, turns to her with a dark scowl. "What did you do?" he demands. Artemisia just shrugs and leans back against the couch cushions. "I showed them what I'm good at," she says, and she catches Lyme's eye and shutters one eyelid closed in the briefest of winks. Callista takes her boy down to the training room to blow off steam, and Lyme gives Artemisia a thumbs up. The boy from Six nets himself an eight, and Artemisia makes a face. "He probably showed them a list of baby names and asked them to help him pick one, or something stupid like that," she says dismissively. "Or maybe he picked up heavy things and put them down, I hear that's all the rage in the factories." "Hey," Lyme says sharply. "You know what you're not going to do, walk in there underestimating everyone and assuming they're all just going to lie down and die for you. Okay? He scored an eight, and you don't get those by telling stories about your girl back home. He's skilled enough they think he has a chance, so don't get so cocky some brain-dead morph-head takes you out." Artemisia slinks down until she's all but swallowed by the couch cushions. "Fine," she says mulishly, but Lyme is her mentor, not her friend, not yet. "You're no fun." "You got the highest score of the year and you're just going to whine about it?" Lyme challenges, and Artemisia's eyes flash but she sits back up. "That's what I thought. Take the night off, get your head settled. Interviews are coming and we're going to lose a lot of hours to Remake." Artemisia salutes, albeit sarcastically, and saunters away into her room. Lyme shoots Brutus a dagger glare. "Don't." "Didn't say nothin'," he says diplomatically, and Lyme whips a couch cushion at his head anyway. Two years ago, the space between the interviews and falling asleep on that final night drove Lyme out of her room to talk with Nero. He'd made her hot chocolate and told her he believed in her, and Lyme might have spent the first months of her recovery alternately clinging to him and wishing he'd fall off a cliff but that night his words had struck a chord. She's not - expecting anything like that with Artemesia, exactly. It's just that the last night is when any doubts the tributes might have will surface. It's not just her, it was right there in the training manual, and the mentors are supposed to be prepared to assuage their kids' doubts and put their minds at ease, set them back on the path to Victory. If it happens Lyme will be ready, that's all. Lyme settles herself on the sofa in the common area with a stack of sponsor paperwork in her lap, going over the agreements and the promises and the maybe-laters. Many of them are in the 'call me once she's killed five' camp, which is annoying, but if any tributes are likely to miss the Career benchmark of seven, it's not going to be her girl. Lyme goes over the files until the numbers swim in her head, but Artemisia doesn't leave her bedroom. She's nodding off and about to give it up and go to bed when the door cracks open and Artemisia pads out, barefoot and yawning in her Capitol pyjamas. "I'm just getting a drink of water, if that's okay with you," Artemisia says from behind her hand, and Lyme nods. She's scrubbed off her makeup and has her hair pulled back in a braid, and she yawns again as the water gurgles into a tall glass, blinking sleepily. She looks young, her trademark crazed grin replaced by the normal bemusement at being awake at weird hours, and it hits Lyme right in the chest. "How you doing?" Lyme risks when Artemisia wanders back, rubbing at her eyes with one hand. "Fine," Artemisia says. "Not having a crisis of conscience or anything, so you don't have to pretend to bond with me so I get my head on straight." Lyme's mouth thins but she says nothing. "See you in the morning." Lyme waits another half an hour just to be sure, then she gathers up her work and heads to bed, a hollow dread settling in the pit of her stomach. There are a million and one reasons she wants Artemisia to win, but floating to the top at this moment is that if she doesn't, the image of Artemisia yawning in her oversized t-shirt and sleep pants, looking like an ordinary teenager instead of a killer, will stick behind Lyme's eyelids for the rest of her life. What did Nero see when he looked at her that last night two years ago? Lyme chases the thought away and pulls the pillow over her head.