kissing him deeply. His hands pulled her hips flush with his, and she could feel his long, thick erection against her belly as his tongue forced its way into her mouth. She pressed her body roughly against his, making him growl down in his throat before attacking her mouth with renewed vigor. Her skin burned where it met his, and she needed more. Just as she was thinking it, his hands found the hem of her shirt and tugged it over her head before throwing it to the floor, her bra following seconds later. And then his hands were on her breasts and her head fell back, moaning as his thumbs caressed her nipples. He pushed her backward until her knees were against the foot of his bed, and she sat down on it, scooting back as he climbed over her. She tilted her head back, and he took her invitation, sucking and biting his way down her throat to her collarbone and past, before coming to her heaving breasts. He toyed with her then, licking and nipping but taking his time before giving her what she truly wanted, closing his mouth over one nipple and sucking it eagerly, and then turning his attention to the other. His fingers found the snap of her pants and undid them quickly, guiding them off her hips to leave her naked below him. He took her body in slowly, and she felt her skin heat under his gaze. "So beautiful," he murmured, before letting his mouth slide down below her breasts. He kissed his way down to her navel, and it wasn't until he moved below it that she realized what his intent must be. "Haymitch?" She panted nervously. This wasn't something she had ever heard of before. "Trust me, sweetheart," he said, kissing lightly where her thigh met her groin on both sides. His tongue snaked out and touched her, and she bucked her hips with a loud cry. He doubted she had any idea what the tiny bundle of nerves could make her feel, but he intended to show her. It only took a few short minutes of licks and flicks with his tongue before she came with a scream, writhing and shaking under his hands. He crawled back on top of her, and her hands immediately went to his pants, undoing them with an ease that proved she had undressed him before, and sliding them down his hips and off his legs. Her mouth opened slightly as she looked down at his erection, and he caught her meaning. "Not this time sweetheart. Unlike you, I'm one and done. You don't want this to be over before it starts, do you?" She looked at him carefully for a moment before shaking her head slightly. "I didn't think so." Haymitch positioned himself at her entrance, he had already noticed she was a virgin, and an intact one at that. No slipping and getting racked on a branch in her tree climbing history apparently. He stopped then, and looked down at her carefully, meeting her eyes. "This is gonna hurt sweetheart. You sure you want to do this?" She nodded at him, and he leaned down to kiss her, hoping to distract her slightly from the pain. She wrapped her legs around his hips, and he pushed into her in one strong, sure thrust. She cried out beneath him, and he cradled her face in his hands, kissing her softly and tenderly while the pain subsided. Finally, after what felt like years, her legs began to flex around him, and he shifted his hips slightly, letting her make sure the pain was gone before he got going. A small whine left her throat, and he drew out of her slowly. He heard her noise of protest and felt her heels pushing against his butt, and he slid into her again, slowly. Her body arched beneath him, and he repeated the action, still moving slowly. Soon, she was attempting to press herself down on him, and he knew that her body really was ready. He didn't mean to tease her, but he didn't want her to think her body was ready and then hurt her once more. He increased his pace, and she began to squirm and moan beneath him. Finally, he let go of all restraint, thrusting quickly, angling his hips until he got the reaction he wanted from her and holding that position as he rocked into her quickly. His hands were still cradling her face, and he looked into her eyes before leaning down and meeting her lips with his as she came undone with a cry of his name. And hearing his name on her lips while she was in the throes of ecstasy brought about his own release, and he spilled deep inside her with a cry of her name. He collapsed next to her with a grunt and pulled her against him, stroking her hair gently as their breathing returned to a normal pace. Her hand touched his cheek and he looked down at her, and she stroked his face as she leaned up to kiss him. His fingers threaded through her hair as his mouth lingered on hers, unwilling to let her go. When they did, though, she looked into his eyes and smiled gently, and he took his turn to kiss her, quickly and tenderly. Her arms wound around his torso, and she laid her head on his shoulder as his arms found their way around her body, holding her close to him. He continued to stroke her hair as her fingers trailed up and down his torso. He felt something stirring inside his chest, and he knew by the way she looked at him that she felt it too. She sighed deeply, curling herself around him more, and he was glad for the connection they had. They didn't need words to know that they both wanted to explore whatever this might be between them. FIN