them. "I don't suppose you'd like to share with us what it was? I'm sure we're all dying to know." Some nights Caesar drinks until the world bleeds at the edges and the faces of all those brilliant, beautiful children — the terrified ones and the ones who don't know that they should be — blend into each other. Some nights he presses the injector against his forearm and pushes the button, feels the needle slide in and out in an eye-blink before the drug fills his head with rainbows and it all disappears. Tonight Caesar hates the writers who script his questions and he hates himself for smiling and asking them anyway, and he looks at Clove — at Cato — and gives an encouraging smile. Cato, eyes shining bright and glassy from the effects of a cocktail of tranquilizers and mood stabilizers, gives an elaborate shrug. "I think … we understood each other. We both wanted this more than anything, we always have. If she'd killed me I wouldn't blame her, I'd be happy that she won if I couldn't. I'd like to think Clove would feel the same." "He's dead," says Clove. "Does it really matter?" Either way, Caesar smiles and leads the audience into a round of uncertain, scattered applause. Lyme looks at Brutus, and Brutus looks at Lyme. "What am I supposed to do now?" they ask. "Cato won't sleep," Lyme says. "I give him enough drugs to take down a mutt and I find him out of bed, opening all the windows and making sure the doors aren't locked. Tearing apart all the drawers in the kitchen because he can't find any candles, like I'd let him have fire when he's like this. He keeps screaming at me, asking me how Clove is supposed to find her way home if everything's shut and locked and dark. I'm about to lose my mind." "Clove keeps cutting herself," Brutus says. "Which — that's fine, that's not new, I can deal with that, but she's writing Cato's name. I keep taking the knives away, I keep thinking I've found everything sharp but the next time I see her there's another one. She's got more damn tattoos of his name on her than I thought she had blood to lose. I don't even know what I'm supposed to tell her." Brutus looks at Lyme, and Lyme looks at Brutus. "I don't know," they say. They look down at their beer, their whiskey, and shrug. "Mine's dead." (Time unwinds, and the victory reel runs in reverse. Clove drops Cato's sword, Cato lets Thresh go. Cato runs backwards into the woods, Thresh grabs the rock, and Clove screams Cato's name. This time the scene plays out as planned. Clove breathes her last into Cato's chest, and her eyes are the last thing he sees, sewn into the face of a brown-haired mutt before the arrow hits its mark.) Brutus and Lyme stand shoulder to shoulder in the field, staring down at the twin rectangles of dirt against the swaying grasses. They chose their mentor plots adjacent to each other, Brutus first and then Lyme's next to his a few years later, by accident or fate or some silent agreement neither of them is too keen to talk about. Now they bury Cato and Clove beside each other in the area in between, unwilling to split them up even though it hardly matters now. Lyme opens her hand and lets the spiked poppy pods fall onto the red earth at her feet. Beside her, Brutus drops the soft-tufted cornflower seeds onto his, then wipes his palms against each other. "That's that," Brutus says. He thins his lips and looks over the field at the mountains beyond. The Capitol makeup his stylist insisted on applying to cover the grief smudges below his eyes is smearing now, with the summer heat. His face looks a little like it's melting, like something from a surreal, drugged nightmare. So many kids buried here, and so many more to come. Lyme presses the heel of her hand between her eyes and takes a slow breath. "Do you think, if Clove hadn't made that speech or Cato hadn't lost his balance —" Brutus turns his head, gives her a long, flat stare. "I don't play that game," he says, his voice less a warning than it is a plea. "Once you start down that road there's no stopping. But." He spreads his hands. "Part of me says yes, we can fix anything, we saved Petra and Misha and our mentors saved us and all the way back, but. This one, I really don't know." "Yeah," Lyme says. Brutus turns to go, but she reaches out and grabs him by the shoulder. "Wait." Lyme ignores his questioning frown, reaches back into her pocket for the packet of seeds. She steps over behind Brutus, holds out her arm, and lets the extra poppy pods fall onto Clove's grave. Brutus gives Lyme a long, searching look, and she squares her shoulders and lifts her jaw and dares him to mock her for the sentiment. But instead he only shakes his head, pulls the pouch from his own pocket and upends its contents over the dirt covering Cato's coffin. Clove's father showed up but Cato's parents didn't bother, just like at the Reaping, and the undertakers took off a little while ago and there's no one else left. The sun's sinking down toward the mountains in the distance, and in a few hours the dying light will paint the field a brilliant, bloody red above the sharp, jagged shadows of the mountains. "Let's go home," they both say in unison, then glance at each other and let out an identical bark of tired laughter. A dust trail follows Brutus' truck back up the road, the flowers on the other graves sway in the low summer breeze, and a mockingjay lands between the two smooth limestone headstones and sings four long notes.