taking the window side. He focuses on the drive, the paved street that turns into a gravel road that turns off onto a dirt lane winding between the trees, breathes in the familiar scent of home and watches the mountains grow in front of them. He doesn't let himself think about Nero and Devon and all the others standing in a long, silent line while one of their own gets lowered into the ground. Then they're home, and they step through the gate and Petra launches herself at him at full speed like a tiny, red-haired missile of pure muscle. Brutus nearly falls right on his ass, and he catches her and lifts her into the air, spins her and holds her against his chest as she cries and laughs and clings to him, alternately pulling back to beat him with her fists and shower him with curses. Brutus laughs, and cries, and laughs again, and for that moment — like the first full breath of air after breaking the surface of the water — everything finally, wonderfully, feels the way it should. The next year is a shit-show. They cancel the Victory Tour. Brutus isn't surprised, exactly, not with half the mentors dead and another chunk still missing, but it's still a shock to see such a longstanding tradition put aside. The Tour will continue next year, says the official announcement, but this year President Snow feels that the country has no time for celebrating. Not with so much work to do. Brutus, if he's being honest, doesn't pay much attention. If there's one good thing to come out of this whole fucking mess, it's that he is finally, honest to fucking goodness retired . No more mentoring, no more sponsor deals, fuck it and the whole fucking mess. From now on it's Brutus, his porch, his beers, and however long his brain gives him before it starts climbing the walls from boredom. The surprise — or maybe not — is that Lyme retires, too. They don't talk about it, but the day Brutus hands in his paperwork Lyme shows up with a six-pack of beers for him and a bottle of whiskey for her, and something about the set of her jaw tells him right there. They sit together on Brutus' porch swing, make a silent toast and drink without talking, Lyme with her legs tucked under her and Brutus pushing the swing with one foot against the ground. He still dreams of Enobaria, but that's a small price to pay for living. District 1 wins the next Hunger Games, a pretty little girl who smiles and flirts and winks over her shoulder and makes all the right promises with every teasing smile. Brutus can't watch more than five minutes before he's sick to his stomach, and he thinks of Cashmere and Gloss dead in the water — Finnick Odair coughing in the sand — and the price that the remaining Victors and all the ones to come will have to pay to make up for their loss. He doesn't let himself learn her name. District 1 wins the year after that, too, a boy this time, and before he's even pulled from the Arena the commenters are already salivating. Brutus puts a bottle through his television screen and stalks out to the gym. He stays there until his arms are shaking and he takes a hard fall from the pull-up bar that knocks his shoulder out of place. The next year it's District 10. She's a pretty girl too, strong and proud with flashing dark eyes, and she stands with her feet planted and hands on her hips, the tilt of her head just shy of arrogance. With District 4 out of favour following its role in the failed we-don't-speak-of-it in the 75th, District 10 has risen to take its place. Its people are strong, its children used to death and slaughter, and at the end of the day, humans are just another type of animal, after all. It doesn't take much to see that soon there will be athletic clubs popping up all over the district. Emory's boy wins the year after that, her first, the first of any mentor who won after Lyme. Brutus should be proud of her, should be glad that the next generation has finally made its mark, but as he watches the boy — so young, were they always this young? — blink up at the sky, face smeared with blood and grime, the only thing that Brutus tastes is sour. Before he knows what's happening, Brutus finds himself standing, leaving the house and taking the wooded path over to Lyme's. He pushes open the door hard enough that it bangs against the wall, and she looks up at him from the couch, startled. At least, she's startled for a second; after that she relaxes, and it's weird but after that moment everything about her says, finally . "Listen," Brutus says. His voice sounds too loud in his head, his heart a thundering staccato. "What would you done if I'd'a died that time?" Lyme's eyes glitter. "You know exactly what," she says, her voice like a cobra, coiled and looking for a foot to strike. Brutus' breath rasps in his chest. He hasn't mentored in five years but he has been listening, and he's heard the rumours. Uprisings. Blockades. Networks of spies and traitors from district to district, running everything from supplies to fugitives to secrets. Whispers that the missing Victors weren't executed, but were taken to a hidden Capitol facility and held there in case they're ever needed for leverage. "Okay," Brutus says, and just like that — like the swing of a sword, like gravity taking over after stepping off the cliff — it's easy. Practically inevitable. If there's a Victor afterlife, Beetee will be shitting his fucking pants right now. You could never be one of us , indeed. "Tell me what I need to do." Lyme smiles.