15 years to finally agree to this and give up every fear, doubt, worry, cowardice, anything that scares me because of the past and think about what joy could come from sharing a child with Peeta. I finally found the self-sacrifice to give him the only thing he has ever asked of me. I am so terrified to bring another life into this world, but Peeta deserves this. We both do. I owe it to him. I find every ounce of courage to believe that I can be a good mother without too much fear, and hold on to that. He deserves much more than what I'm about to give him. I can only think of one way to approach Peeta with the news, on this special day. I silently walk down the stairs, anxious to see Peeta's reaction. I reach the spot where Peeta is sitting and stand there obnoxiously, blocking his favorite cooking channel. I try not to smile uncontrollably like an idiot, and keep a very stern look on my face. Peeta just looks at me, waiting for me to cuddle up to him on the couch. "I'm sorry about before, I can't be your valentine." I say placing my hands on my hips, pursing my lips at him. "Is that so?" He says playfully. "Yes, indeed. I already have one." Peeta tilts his head. "Or you already have one.." I try to solve. It seemed like a good idea in my head. "No, no I have two valentines. No, one." I self explain, and try to decide on the correct explanation for Peeta. "Katniss?" He raises an eyebrow. "Wait." I stomp my foot out of frustration. I think I'm confusing myself more than I'm confusing him. "It'll be a love triangle!" I conclude excitedly. "Slow down. Did that fancy chocolate I gave you get to your brain?" He seems genuinely concerned. "No, but I think the baby will like it. In fact, it's hungry. We're hungry." I correct, rubbing my stomach. Peeta turns the TV off and looks at me. I can tell he is trying to make sense of all that I have just told him, or tried to, looking for the meaning of the words previously spoken. His eyebrows arch at my ridiculousness. I know this isn't the right way to tell him we're going to have a baby, but I'm not very good at these types of things...or anything that doesn't involve my bow and arrows. I feel embarrassed as my voice wavers with emotion. "You're going to be a daddy." I manage to choke out, searching his eyes. He mumbles some incoherent words in disbelief, under his breath. "You mean..." he concludes, still letting the information sink in. "I'm pregnant." I finish, holding back the tears in my eyes with a smile. He steps back a few feet, then looks at me to make sure I'm serious. I nod to confirm. "Katniss this is amazing." He whoops with anticipation. The first thing I'm fully aware of when he moved closer to me, faster than he'll ever move away, are his lips on mine. He pulls away way too fast, "Are you, happy? Katniss?" I nod and smile, holding back tears in my eyes. Letting him know that I'm ready to raise our baby with him, and to become a mother. I'm finally ready. I'm still terrified of what might happen, but Peeta will be here with me. We'll do this together, and finally have a family. This baby can give us a fresh start, a small chance to possibly move on from the past, to stop living in it. And focus on the future, despite our losses. He places his right hand on my abdomen, lowers his face to my belly and presses his lips against my pale stomach. "Happy Valentines Day." He whispers to my small baby bump. Peeta is full of giddiness. "I love you," he looks up at me, "both of you," he reassures our unborn baby. Thank you, Katniss. Thank you so much. I start to see the tears that I knew were coming well up in his eyes. Tears of joy, of course. I place a soft kiss on his lips to show him he's always welcome. sorry for such the bad narration and stuff like I'm actually not happy with the way this turned out, I was too far into the story and this was ON VALENTINES DAYYY. umm but I did admire how it's a realistic one-shot. all the scars left on Peeta and katniss both physically and MENTALLY certainly will affect their lives everyday together, it's not a perfect life between the two and I liked to keep the lovey-dovey stuff vague. like any sane fangirl, we all love everlark fluff but we also know that they can't carry on anything, whether it's love, the same due to what they have experienced together but that's alssoooo what makes them so compatible as a couple. NOOO they can't just forget about the past and live perfect lives ever again because there are going to be bumps in the road with each other and their future together and guys isn't that how Suzanne intended it to be anyway? I get that they love each other, yes, I know. but it's not always going to be love or lemons between them, comfort and support you know helping build character also creates love and that's how it always was between them, almost everything they do is going to lead back to the war and at least one story with both of them HAS TO HAVE ONE FLAW OR IMPERFECTION. this is my idea of a realistic, everlark one-shot and perfect isn't always perfect *wink wink* love you guys. shoutout to Nathan who calls himself a sexy beast (goat term for idk) don't think I'm weird but happy valentines day guys :)) and also to Instagram which gave me the idea of the ring thing between katniss and peeta