so unworthy when he should have known it was a test, should have known they'd save him. Now they have, and now it's time to try to prove he's worth their faith. A worthy servant doesn't make them ask twice. He starts with the pain. Pain is a tool, it's a way to focus when the brain does its best to scatter, and Brutus finds each part of himself that hurts and sends all his attention there, one at a time. This time his body responds, sort of; Brutus tries to rub his eyes and ends up smacking himself full in the face with a hand that feels twice as heavy as it should be. He growls, but his tongue is thick and stupid and won't make words. Brutus twitches his hand, pinches his thumb and fingers together in something that maybe might resemble trying to hold a pen. "Ah, one minute," the voice says, and Brutus drifts and sends his attention to his fist, curling it in hard so the nails dig in. "Here." The man presses something into Brutus' hand. It's not a pen, it's a thick plastic tube, and the sharp scent of a marker stings his nose. Brutus flops his hand to the side and finds a smooth plastic rectangle, likely a dry erase board, and eh, good enough. "Let me know if you need help. For now, let's try again. Do you know where you are?" Brutus scrawls the letters for 'Capitol', though he runs out of manual dexterity somewhere halfway through and ends the word on a scribble. "Ah," the man says quietly. "No, you're not in the Capitol." Brutus manages a frown, and he drags the marker over the whiteboard in a long line underscoring where he thinks he wrote the word, pressing so hard it squeaks. "No," the man says again. "You're in District 8." It's probably a test, and so Brutus does not scrawl 'what the fuck'. Instead he smears his hand across the whiteboard's surface and draws a question mark. "You died in the Arena," the man says, and Brutus goes cold. "Nerve gas, very nasty, but luckily it can cause the life monitor to detect a false negative. The hovercraft crew managed to revive you after they picked you up, and once we realized your life signs were still active, we contacted them and had them bring you here." The cold only spreads. 'We?' Brutus writes, the muscles in his wrist and forearm protesting, or maybe it's just the creeping dread. "An alternative," he says. Well, that's just fucking great and not vague at all. A hundred questions flood his mind, pressing up against the front of his mind like the painted Capitol citizens when the trains pull in, but then one thought sparks through the ache and confusion and (very likely) heavy sedation and everything burns away. Brutus' hand shakes as he swipes the board clean and writes one word: 'Enobaria'. Silence. Maybe he didn't write it right; Brutus clears the board and starts over, making the letters with deliberate strokes, and the man sucks in a breath of air so yeah, no, he gets it, so why the fuck isn't he answering? Brutus slams his fist down against the blankets, hitting the edge of the board and sending the marker clattering. "Enobaria is - with the Capitol," the man says finally, slowly, carefully, like he thinks that Brutus will somehow yank himself out of his stupor an manage to kill him when he can't even open his eyes. Then again, depending on the next sentence, Brutus damn well might try. "She and Peeta Mellark and Johanna Mason were taken by Capitol hovercrafts after the Arena exploded." After the Arena what ? "The others - Katniss Everdeen, Finnick Odair, Beetee Latier - were picked up by Coin's Rebellion and taken to the base in District 13." ( What ?) "We assumed Enobaria would be with them, since she was with Finnick at the tree when Plutarch's hovercraft came to get the others, but apparently someone had other ideas because they left her behind. We didn't realize." Brutus' breath sits ragged in his chest, digging claws into his lungs, but he forces the air through. He directs all his energy to his eyes, but as hard as he tries to pry them open, the best he gets is a slight flutter before the headache spikes in again. 'Safe?' he writes. "We don't know," the man says slowly. "The mentors from One and Two were sent back to their districts. Everyone else was taken into custody. The outlying Villages were raided the next morning and the remaining Victors taken as well. Since then none of our sources have been able to get a read on where they are." He takes a breath. "I feel like we're going about this backwards. There's so much more that needs to be explained -" Brutus heaves the whiteboard off the bed in the direction of the voice. It makes contact with a dull thud but it's far too low - knee, probably, maybe even shin, Brutus can't fucking use his limbs properly right now so he wouldn't be surprised - and it's not enough, nowhere near enough. Not when the fury swirls up inside him and all he can do is lie there like a helpless fucking baby while the whole world has gone to pieces, Victors being rounded up left and right and disappearing. At least Enobaria is safe in the Capitol, and his kids might be okay in the Village, but if there's war that's not a guarantee – "I'll let you rest," the man says, and Brutus thinks about crushing his skull to powder in his hands because he may as well, he can't do a Games-damned thing. The man pushes a button, and Brutus has a second to feel wonderfully pain-free and floating before realizing that he's just been dosed with morphling, the bastard, and then it drags him under.