at us. They're yelling commands and barking orders as we're pulled from the cage and dragged away from the shaft. I still can feel the heat of the flames sparking up at us as my body shakes from the adrenaline. "Are you alright?" A man is barking into my face as he crouches over me. I nod and he taps my shoulder. "We've got a live one over here!" He calls out and steps away. The guy next to me isn't so lucky. In another moment a woman is at my side, her hands running over my limbs as she tells me calmly what she's doing. Checking for blood. Checking my bones. Checking sensory points. "Looks like you got lucky," She states and then gasps. I feel her hands on my wrists and I struggle to look up. She's got my hands in hers though they don't look like my hands. One arm is charred up the side, the other's palm is criss-crossed with black burns from where I'd gripped the metal cage. I feel the scream building in my throat as the shock kicks in. There was an explosion. In the mine. Fire. People are dead. I can hear them confirming deaths all around me. More dead than alive. "Gale!" I shout inside of the fearful scream that's still building inside. I make to move but the woman pushes me back down, pouring water onto my hand and arm and making it sear in pain. "Where is he?" I yell and try to sit up again. "Calm down, we'll find your friend," She says again and pulls a tin can from her pack. The salve she rubs onto my skin burns like a thousand suns and I nearly pass out from the pain that licks at my nerve endings. My skin is on fire. I was on fire. "I need to know if he's alive!" I scream. The panic really sets in then. I don't remember the next while, the screaming and shouting that surrounds me. I feel the woman wrapping my arms in gauze and humming to me quietly as everyone else around us walks with a purpose. The controlled chaos only seems to last a little while before people from the town begin to show up. Husbands and wives and children and lovers are all at the gates, screaming for their loved ones. They must have felt the ground shake, a tell-tale sign that something has gone extremely wrong down below. "Gale!" I hear it then – Katniss is yelling. Somehow she's gotten past the guards that block the gate. She's somewhere above my head and I hone in on her voice. "Gale!" She screams again and I hear feet whip past me. There's a stumble of a body next to me and the woman wrapping my arms startles. "Miss, you can't be in here!" She shouts but stays put. I say a small thanks that she didn't intervene. But then I realize that she didn't have to. The heart wrenching sob that cracks next to me brings a chill to my spine. Katniss isn't yelling anymore. Turning my head to the side I see her out of the corner of my eye, leaning over the body that lies next to me. I remember then what the man had said. "Blunt trauma from the explosion. Third degree burns. No chance." "Gale!" I shout then again and the woman ties off my gauze and leans back, silently giving me permission to move. I crawl over next to Katniss and look at my best friend. His eyes are wide and grey and dead. "No, no!" I reach over and shake him but he doesn't awaken – the light doesn't come back and his body remains still. "Fucking wake up!" Screaming, I pull at his shoulders trying desperately to get any reaction from him. Nothing. He's gone. He's dead. "Like my father," Katniss whispers next to me. I notice her then, her tear streaked face silently dripping tears as she holds Gale's hand tightly in hers. "Katniss," I say her name and it burns on my lips. When she looks up at me, our eyes lock for just a moment before they fall back to Gale's body below us. "You're bleeding." I look down at her words and notice the blood seeping through my gauze. "Oh." It takes me a moment to realize that she's pulled my hands in her lap and that she's ripping the edging of her shirt into bits. Grabbing the gauze that the woman had abandoned, she stuffs the fabric into my palm and closes my hand over it. I can't subdue the yelp of pain or the curse that slips from my lips as she wraps the gauze more securely around my hand. "Peeta!" I hear women's screams pouring into the loading area and realize that they've finally let the families through. Delly is right along with them, screaming and crying until she finds me kneeling next to Gale and Katniss. Falling into me she knocks me backwards and I cry out. "Dammit, fuck!" I scream and Delly hustles off of me, apologizing as her hands flutter around my face. I groan into the sand as my back stings from the impact. "Oh I didn't know what I'd do! Oh!" She sobs next to me, wailing in between every breath. I spare a look over to where Katniss is leaning over Gale and brushing his forehead with the heel of her shirt, slowly removing the coal dust from his face. It kicks me then that Gale is gone and I nearly lose it. "Peeta!" Delly cries again and I look at her, tears blurring my vision as I say goodbye to my best friend. AN: An amazingly huge thanks to both PenelopeWeaving and Wildharp who were amazing as my sounding boards to this story in the midst of my brain trying to wrap up my other stories - I couldn't have done it without them.