Soryn and the firefight grew, the more the sound of bullets whizzing past his head diminished. When Soryn had reached the safety of the treeline, he looked back towards the firefight. The Capitol soldiers were falling back while the rebels continued to hold the high ground. As the Capitol soldiers disappeared from view, Soryn heard the familiar sound of hover engines filled the air. Two more hovercrafts came into view, strafing the rebels with firebombs, silencing their gunfire. Soryn continued running without another glance, hoping that the soldiers did not see him. As Soryn hiked through the woods, he began thinking what to do in order to survive. The first thing to come to mind was shelter. Having the proper equipment and skills would mean nothing if there was not a warm, dry place to come back to every night. He could likely find places either within, or not very far from the main settlement of District Twelve, which would put him in close proximity with basic conveniences. The next issue was food. There was not much in the way of edible plant-life within the district itself, and hunting had been illegal for as long as he could remember. Stealing was an option, but it would not take long for the Peacekeepers to crack down and punish him before taking him to a community home. There were places to hide within the district, but there would be plenty of others who would utilize this option. After pondering all of his options, Soryn decided to head back to the district and hoped that the Peacekeepers had more important things to worry about than a lone child wandering around without supervision. Trudging across the rain-soaked terrain, the rainclouds thinned out a little, allowing air to warm up. Wanting to avoid any confrontation with the Peacekeepers, Soryn snuck into the city through one of the passages he had discovered. Most of the city was quieter than usual, but there were still civilians wandering around, probably helping to locate corpses and generally clean up the mess that the Capitol had made. Soryn walked out into the open, acting as inconspicuous as possible as he looked for a place to stay for the night. Other kids looked at him from their windows before nervous mothers pulled them away and closed the curtains, but apart from some brief glances from some workers, no one paid Soryn any attention. After wandering for a few hours, Soryn finally found an acceptable place to bed down for the night where he would not likely be disturbed. /-\\ Sitting in his hideout, Soryn stared into the night sky, looking out on the war-torn cityscape. Everyone else had gone to bed, and Peacekeepers patrolled the streets. The glow from still-burning-fires gave the sky an eerie glow, obscuring some of the stars that were so easy to see before. Finally, Soryn could no longer keep his eyes open and drifted off into a fitful sleep, plagued by nightmares, watching loved ones and strangers alike perish in flames. Before the break of dawn, Soryn was awoken to the sound of light footfalls. Someone else was sneaking around the back alleys of District Twelve. Gathering his things, he readied for a quick departure. Shadows crept along the wall, voices whispered amongst each other, some with fear. Soryn hid himself from view as the voice drew closer. "How long until the Peacekeepers find us?" one voice asked. "Too soon." another replied "We saw the little kid run in here. He can't stay hidden for long." a third one said, most likely referring to Soryn. "He can't have much." the second one said, obviously not interested in his group's endeavor. "Quiet!" hissed a fourth voice, this one belonging to a female. The figures crept into view. Fierce looking teenagers looking for prey in effort to survive. The first one was a muscular, dark-haired individual who looked like he had spent time in both the stocks, as well as the coal mines and looked like he was the leader, carried a cruel looking blade. The second was a scrawny boy with glasses and light brown hair. The third looked like an adult, but did not carry himself like the ones who had participated in the fighting, and so was likely under sixteen. His black hair and olive skin marked him as someone from the Seam. The three fanned out, looking for prey to pounce upon. Once certain that the area was clear, the leader beckoned whoever was behind him to come forward. Two more people brought up the rear, a teenage girl with disheveled brown hair and a red headed boy who looked like he was not much older than Soryn. The group gathered back together underneath Soryn's hiding place. "He's not here." the one with glasses said. "Not on ground level." the third clarified "but there looks to be some good places to hide up there." he finished, pointing in the general direction of Soryn's hideout. "Scamp!" the leader quietly called out "could you go up and check?" The boy with red hair nodded in acknowledgement and immediately went to climbing the wall as Soryn had done the night before. He reached Soryn's hideout, only to find it empty and swept clean. The boy leaned back "He was here recently." he called down below to his companions. Soryn observed the scene from an adjacent rooftop. The boy scrambled onto the ledge, looking for clues as to where Soryn had gone. As he watched the boy clamber down, Soryn presumed that they had seen him with his pack and guessed he had food. He would have to be more cautious in the future. All that had to be done in the meantime was wait until they left, but these would not be the only ones out looking for means to survive, and there would likely be more encounters in the future. As the group left the alley, Soryn quietly scrambled down and ran in the opposite direction.