Centre that trained them, raised them, moulded them, made them who they are. It's a reminder of where they've come, what they've sacrificed to be here. If a Two wins, there's often not much left of the bracelet. The strands will be soaked with blood, the finish on the beads scratched, and sometimes the leather frays or snaps right through. That's why, if a Two wins, their mentor gives a drawing of the bracelet to a special artist down in Career-town at the base of the mountain beneath the Victors' Village, and he inks the swirl of black and dots of colour right onto their wrists. It marks them, sets them apart and binds them together all at the same time, this community of killers that no one else could possibly hope to understand. Lyme can't stop looking at hers. At first the skin is red and puffy and irritated from the dye, the slide of the needle beneath her skin, and it itches and burns and never leaves her alone. She scratches at it until her mentor tells her to let it be, but how can she let it be when it never leaves her alone? Lyme's convinced that the tattoo artist put capsaicin in with the dye because even when she closes her eyes she feels the tattoo winding round her wrist like a snake. Her mentor catches her one morning in the kitchen, standing over the sink and scrubbing her arm with salt while the wound oozes raw and red but the ink stays clear. "No, little girl," he says, sharp and firm, never mind that she's almost as tall as he is. He drags her into the bathroom and washes the salt away, bandages it up with gauze, and at least the smooth stretch of white against her skin is better than the band of black. But it's not enough, and fourteen people are dead because of Lyme - more than half of them under the legal age - and soon after he finds her with a paring knife and has to stop her from sticking it beneath her skin and slicing the tattoo away like she would an orange peel. "No," he says again, and he fights her, holds her down with her shoulders flat against the floor and tells her he's not going anywhere until she listens. "Why do I have to have this?" Lyme struggles, but he's bigger and stronger and knows her better than she knows herself and she can't budge him. "I hate it! I don't want to look at it anymore!" "You have it because it's a reminder," he says, and Lyme snorts and turns her head away. He turns her back with a finger against her cheek. "Don't snort at me, little girl, this is important. It's a reminder of who made you and who can unmake you." Lyme closes her eyes, and he lets her. "What do I do?" she asks, her voice sticking in her throat. "I can't wash it away." "No, you can't," he says. He's not talking about the ink and neither is she. "But what you do is become a mentor. Each kid that goes in and doesn't come out, that's your penance. Each one that does, that's one brick in the road to redemption." That's cold comfort, but Lyme swallows. "How far does the road go?" "Forever," he says, and he kisses her on the forehead. "Until your last heartbeat, darlin', that's what we swore and that's what we do. But we claw back a little of what we can each time we bring one back." Lyme sags, and he lets her up and wraps a broad arm around her shoulders. "Can I wear long sleeves?" she asks finally, leaning her head against his shoulder. "Yeah, that, that's fine. You can wear whatever you want. Nobody said you gotta flaunt it." He works his fingers into her hair. "Get dressed, I'll take you clothes shopping." Lyme doesn't move. Fourteen corpses feeding the soil because of her; knock off the criminals the Centre used for her kill tests, that's still ten kids. Even if Lyme mentors every year she can for as long as her body can take it, even if she pulls a miracle once out of every three kids who go in - more than any mentor in history - she'll still never repay that debt. And even if she did, for every kid she saves that's twenty-three others gone, including one of their own. It's hopeless. It's hopeless, yet certainty builds in Lyme's chest until she all but burns with it, that it might mean nothing but she's going to mentor until the day she dies anyway. "Listen," her mentor says, and he squeezes her shoulder. "Lemme tell you a story about a kid from Four who threw a starfish back into the sea." It's a silly story, but as the years pass she thinks of it every time a tribute's blood splashes the camera lens and the cannon fires, every time she stays awake in the Control Room for weeks on end while her brain buzzes with stimulants and the backs of her eyelids itch. For the times when she sits next to the broken remnants of what was once a beautiful, laughing child and dips her hands in their blood, untangles their twisted psyches around her fingers and begins to weave them back together into something resembling human. It matters to this one , said the boy in the story as he tossed a starfish back into the ocean. In the end, Lyme saves only a handful - still more than almost any other mentor but not enough, never enough - but she clings to them anyway, her Victors, and each one keeps the darkness at bay a little longer. You matter , she thinks as she holds them, fights them, pins them down and weathers the worst they know to throw at her. You matter to me .