world it's not you on a pedestal with everyone at your feet, and it's not you with a sword and everyone trying to kill you, either. You can't go through life spitting on one half of the population and sneering at the other, and you damn well won't save any kids that way." Lyme bites the inside of her cheek until she'll be poking it with her tongue for the next three days, and Nero waits to see if she has anything to say before continuing. He's reined himself in a little, drumming his fingers against his leg. "I call you a girl because that's what you are, just like Odin calls Brutus 'my boy' because that's what he is." "Yeah, except you don't call me 'my girl'," Lyme counters, and she's slipping on ice but she has to dig her feet in somewhere. "You call me 'little girl'. That's what he used to say to put me in my place." "That's what I'm doing, just differently," Nero says, and this time Lyme gapes at him and nearly chokes on air because she'd thought he would at last be cagey about it. "You are a cocky little shit, Lyme, and that's part of the reason I wanted you, but it's also going to get you in trouble. You don't respect anybody except yourself, and if you think you'll last five minutes in the Capitol with that attitude you'll find your kid chomped by a mutt three hours in just to show you who's the boss." Lyme sinks down into a low slouch, and maybe if she doesn't make eye contact she won't have to admit Nero has a point. The trainers always harped on her about overconfidence, even pitted her against older, prettier girls to bring her down, and she'd hated it then and thought she'd escaped it now. If winning the Games didn't give her license to be cocky, then what did? Nero chuckles, and Lyme glares at him but it's not mean, or mocking; there's understanding there, and a fair dash of bitterness, too. He crosses the room - slowly, slowly, giving her enough time to tell him no if she wants - before sitting on the far end of the bed. "Okay, and see, this? This is why Callista and Adessa wouldn't work for you, because I get it. Respect for people like us, it means the boot grinding your face into the dirt. Respect is something that someone takes from you and leaves you bloody, and knowing your place means taking the hits because they tell you that you deserve it." "And now you're going to tell me I'm wrong," Lyme says wryly, but she presses her hands against her legs to stop the shaking. ( You will respect me little girl if it's the last thing you ever do ) "I can't wait." "Respect is earned," Nero says firmly. "Never taken. You can't force it. And knowing your place is a good thing, you think I don't know mine? No Two victor, no matter how good their Games, no matter how many kids they save, will ever be above the Capitol. No victor will ever be above their mentor. It's not about stomping on ants, it's about working together and making a world that makes sense. You start pulling out pieces and the whole tower falls over. Our whole system is built on trust. You trust that the people above you will do right by you; they trust that you'll do your job. That's all it is." Lyme leans her head back against the wall and looks up, but the underside of the windowsill block her view of the sky outside. "It sounds nice when you say it, but so does a lot of stuff." Like how all she had to do to get everything she ever wanted was murder a handful of teenagers. In reality nothing is ever free. "Yeah, well, you'll have to take it on faith for now, but I'm not feeding you bullshit." Nero nudges her with his foot, and she's too tired to snap at him. Or maybe she just doesn't feel like it either way. "There's nothing wrong with being a girl. There's nothing better about being a guy. There's everything wrong with being an abusive shit no matter what sex you are. I call you 'little girl' because you are, you're a girl and you're in my care and I'm going to take care of you just like you're gonna take care of somebody else someday." She opens her mouth to say she doesn't need anyone to take care of her, but then Lyme's gaze snags on the healing gashes on her forearm, the blood-spotted bandages covering her feet, and maybe she does. She heaves a breath and presses her hand to her face, and Nero doesn't say anything, doesn't touch her, just sits there, a solid presence at the edge of her awareness. "You said we were going for a walk," Lyme says finally, digging her palms hard enough against her eyes that the blackness behind her lids fractures into a spiralling burst of colours. "That's right." Nero still doesn't move. "Where d'you think you wanna go?" Lyme exhales and sits back, eyes stinging. "You said there was a lake, right?" "Yeah, there's a gazebo, could grab some lunch and take it with us." Nero holds out a hand, and maybe she's crazy, maybe she's weak and stupid and gullible, but maybe it doesn't matter. Lyme reaches over and takes it, his fingers warm and solid as they hold hers. "Welcome to a whole new world, little girl." Lyme snorts and wipes her eyes. "See, now you've ruined it," she accuses him. Nero grins and winks at her, and the shadows from the tree branches dance in the sun-patches on her wall. "You're making the sandwiches then." "Deal," Nero says, and squeezes her hand. NOTE: we're not done, there's more to come. Nero's POV is up next.