"I'm not ready to give you up." Her eyes flutter open, and in the fleeting moment before she kisses him, he sees something unidentifiable there: soft but determined; hungry, but tinged with sorrow. But then there are her lips and her tongue and her slim, warm body pressing up against him, into him, invading his senses, clouding his mind. Her hands run up his chest, over his cheeks, into his hair, and he breathes in deep as she crawls into his lap. It happens so fast. He undresses her first, working the straps of her dress over her shoulders, slipping the fabric down over her hips. Her breasts are small and firm, and when he runs his tongue over the peak of her nipple her breath escapes in a sigh, her fingers tightening in his hair. Katniss pulls back slightly, making quick work of the buttons on his shirt, but when she turns her nimble fingers to the clasp of his pants he stops her. "I'm – um –" "Oh," she breathes, and she shifts off of his lap, her dress pooling around her feet on the floor as she bends to remove his brace. She struggles a little with the leather strap, but eventually it falls to the ground with a thud, and his heart thuds painfully in his chest as she kneels between his legs, unbuttoning his trousers. Peeta shakes his head, covering her hands clumsily with her own. He doesn't want her to see. "I don't – don't," he falters, and he can't stop his gaze from flicking to his knee. He's been stupid. He'll never own that bakery. Katniss' eyes soften, and she looks back up at him, twining her fingers briefly through his before she tugs at his pants, firmer this time. "Let me," she says softly, and he squeezes his eyes shut and lifts his hips, letting her pull them away. There is silence for a moment, and then a sound from the back of Katniss' throat, and then something wet and warm on his knee – the bad one – and he opens his eyes. Her lips are pressed against it, his misshapen, scar-crossed knee, and his breath catches painfully in his throat. "Am I hurting you?" she whispers, pulling away slightly, and when he shakes his head she kisses it again: top, bottom, left, right. She shifts on her knees and presses kisses up his thigh, to the edge of his drawers. Her breath is hot against his skin and when she leans on his good leg for balance he wraps his arms around her, pulling her up against his chest, kissing her fiercely. They kiss and they sigh and they touch and they kiss more; and then he is flat on his back, Katniss straddling his hips, the warm, wet heat of her almost unbearably good against the sensitive skin of his cock. She takes him in her hand and guides him to her center, sinking down onto him with a shuddering intensity. His fingers dig into her hips as she moves, slowly at first, then with a steady, rocking motion. She leans forward and brushes her lips against his jaw. "Tell me when you're gonna come," she says. Peeta moans in response, thrusting up into her. He's never been this deep before; never had a woman on top of him, riding him, her perfect breasts swaying with the motion. Her eyes flutter shut and she arches her back as she slides up and down his length, and he would die for this, he really would. He manages to warn her just in time, and she slips off of him as he lets go. He cleans her off with a rag and then lays her down, sliding down between her legs to finish her with his mouth. She comes hard under his tongue, shaking beneath him. "I'm sorry it can't be different," she murmurs later, laying half on top of him in the tiny bed. "Me too," he whispers. But he'll pretend for as long as he can, and he sleeps deeply that night, Katniss curled up against his chest. Peeta dreams of warm rain and mud; of running through puddles and climbing trees, and a hand twined through his, never letting go. She's gone in the morning. Her scent still lingers, and Peeta lays there with his eyes closed before he finally forces himself to start the day. He feels better than he thought he would; physically, at least. He knew she'd be gone from his bed. But as soon as he steps foot outside he hears the whispers: she's gone gone, her sister too, their sparse belongings with them. Peeta wanders into the mess tent for breakfast and feels like he's stumbled upon a crime scene: Haymitch cursing up a storm by the big vat of oatmeal; Delly sobbing alone at an empty table; Enobaria spreading gossip in a corner. He sits with Delly, falling into a chair almost absently, overwhelmed by the night behind him, by the day before him. "What's wrong?" "Lulu, my sheep – the pregnant one – she's dead," Delly gasps, a fresh wave of tears overcoming her. "Just…just dropped dead." "I'm so sorry," he murmurs, but all he can think about is Katniss; her skin under his tongue, her heartbeat under his palm. Where she is right now. Where she'll be. How many birds lay dead along the desert path forged by the Everdeen sisters. Delly sniffs loudly, wiping at her eyes with a handkerchief. "Oh, it'll be alright," she says unconvincingly, voice trembling. "It's just, the baby lamb, and –" She stops, staring down at Peeta's lap in confusion. He glances down. "What?" Delly shakes her head slightly. "It's – I'm sorry. It's just, Peeta. Did you forget to wear your brace?" Written for Day 3, Queen Anne's Lace, of the Prompts in Panem March 2014 challenge. :) Based on concepts from the HBO series Carnivàle, which was awesome and cancelled too soon.