of pleasure shivering through me, and I can't stop the little moan that escapes my throat. The noise I make seems to draw Peeta back to consciousness, and he grips my hips in his hands as he begins to gently thrust up into me. "Katniss," he chokes out. "Oh, fuck, you feel so good." His words encourage me, and I start to move a little faster, a little harder, my breasts bouncing with the effort. That new feeling starts to get even stronger. I wonder if I'll be able to orgasm this way, with Peeta hard and thick inside me this time. Peeta slides his hands up to palm my breasts, rolling my nipples between his fingers. "Fuck," he says again, and for a reason I can't explain, I love it, I love to hear him say that. I stop my movements up and down, instead pushing my hips back and forth so I can grind against him experimentally. This feels incredible, too, and when he lets his head fall back, eyes squeezed shut, I know he feels it, too. Trying to hold back a moan, I slide my hands from his chest, down his arms to grip his hands and press them down into the mattress. I lean forward far enough that my breasts brush against his bare skin, and he lifts his head just slightly to kiss me. We kiss in time with the rhythm of our hips, straining against one another, our tongues dipping into one another's mouths. I've never felt this alive, this electric. "I'm gonna come soon," Peeta groans into my mouth, bucking up into me with a hard thrust. "Not yet," I plead, panting against his cheek. I want to come with Peeta inside of me tonight. In this moment, it feels like the most important thing in the world. Somehow he seems to understand what I want. "Touch yourself," he breathes. I hesitate. "What?" "The way I touched you. Before." I sit upright as he guides one of my hands to the spot between my legs, where he'd made me burst with ecstasy that first time. "I want to see you touch yourself." I shudder as my finger brushes against my clit, and I make myself press harder, rubbing firm circles around the little nub. "Oh," I say, startled, and hunch forward slightly as I start to grind on his cock again, my fingers working furiously on my clit. "Fuck, Katniss," Peeta says loudly, his fingers digging into my hips. "I want – I wanted you so bad, every minute…" He thrusts up into me harder, and I cry out wordlessly in response. "Peeta," I mewl, and the sound of his name must egg him on because his cock is plunging into me from below, over and over, and it feels so good so fucking good I don't even know what's happening anymore. Like flames are licking up through my body, burning, tingling. But I'm so close to the edge so close and I want to get there, I want to get there with Peeta, I want to fall with him… " Ahhh ," I moan, high-pitched, as the pleasure shatters within me, my muscles contracting around him. Peeta grips my hips and slams my shaking body over his cock as he thrusts erratically. The pleasure curls through me, twisting, sparking, for longer than I even knew it could. Then Peeta wraps his arms around me and pulls me flush against his chest, groaning loudly against my neck as he pulses, emptying himself inside me. We lay like that, sticky and sweaty and panting. I don't want to move. I never want to move. I feel him twitch inside of me and I smile against his temple. "That was amazing," Peeta murmurs, taking a deep breath. "I love you." I don't answer, but I feel strangely relaxed despite his words, vacant of the guilt and panic that usually flood my mind when Peeta confesses the depth of his feelings for me. Because…I think I love him, too. Shouldn't I be able to admit that by now? All I wanted these past few weeks – the only thing – was Peeta. His smile and his hands and his laugh, his eyes and his mouth and his low, soothing voice. Now he's here. I still want him, all of him, and even laying here with him inside of me, it doesn't feel like enough. There will always be this hunger. I'll always want him. "It's okay if you don't want to say it back," he says softly. "I just told myself if I ever saw you again, you'd know it. I'd tell you every chance I got." I don't know how to explain to him what I say next; I only know that I need to say it. "When they took you…it felt like…" I stop, searching for the right words. "It was like you were here, but you weren't. If I really thought you were gone, I could've left. None of this matters to me. Only you mattered. Keeping you safe. Alive." I swallow, dropping my eyes to the pillow beneath his head. "I don't know if that makes any sense." I let my eyes flicker back to his, and find him staring at me with a look that would have sent me running for the hills only a year ago. Now it grounds me. If I can just have that look – this boy – with me, maybe we can salvage something good out of all this pain and death. I kiss him then. It's a new kiss, different than all the ones that have come before. There's no sorrow, no longing, no guilt, no fear. There's a definite stirring low in my stomach, lazy and slow, but it's not quite like those kisses, either. It's a kiss that could go on forever, because there's nothing to stop us. Not even ourselves. We have as many tomorrows as we're willing to fight for.