Heidi's missing limb, grafted onto a new body with no reason to think about the old one. "Did you really expect any different?" Marc asks her, coming up behind her and laying his hands on her shoulders. "What was the boy gonna do, suddenly turn soft and beg his mama to let him come home? I don't think so." "I didn't expect nothing," Heidi snaps, sharper than she meant to because she doesn't want him to be right. "He did what's right and so did we, that's all there is to it." The day before Brutus leaves the Capitol to head back to Two, Heidi gets a letter in the mail. It's written on good, thick paper, the kind that creases good and proper and has fibres when you tear it, and her heart skips with fear at the large wax seal on the envelope before she registers the 'O' instead of 'S'. It's much less terrifying to get a letter from Odin instead of the President, and when Marc goes to shower off the worst of the quarry from his skin, Heidi slides the envelope open. It takes her a while to read because she was never too good at it - numbers, fine, but words not so much - and Odin always uses five-dollar words like they're gonna be outlawed tomorrow, and when she finishes Heidi closes her eyes and holds the paper against her chest, breathing out nice and slow through her nose so she doesn't lose it. I wish to thank you personally for your efforts in aiding the public relations element of Brutus' Games, Odin writes in flowing, elegant script that marks him as the son of someone rich enough to afford good schooling, not just the kind that learned him his letters and the important bits of history. You are, I'm sure, cognizant of the rarity of your actions, and you ought to be commended, if not officially, then at least by someone who understands. Your words and generosity contributed to Brutus' victory and you should be made aware that I, as his mentor, am grateful. However, you must also realize that for his own safety and emotional security, you cannot be allowed to see Brutus henceforth. He has a new life and a new role, and it would not do to confuse him; recovery is a difficult process for any victor, and it will be best for him to make a clean break. I will not cheapen your actions by reminding you that you have given up legal rights and are not entitled to his winnings nor to a house in the Victors' Village; I am sure you understand. Instead I once more give you my gratitude, and assure you that Brutus is a fine boy who will be well looked after. You need not be alarmed for his wellbeing. Heidi traces her fingers over the broad, sweeping signature under the last Yours faithfully , swallowing hard against the rock in her throat. It's a tremendous honour for her to get anything from Odin at all, even though he was careful not to mention the words 'parent' or 'son' anywhere in it and to keep the language as distant as possible. He didn't have to send her anything or acknowledge her participation, and even this letter, a polite brush-off as firm and unyielding as Heidi has ever heard, is more than she could have asked for. The water in the shower cuts off, and Heidi grabs a book from their shelf at random and shoves the letter between two of the pages at the centre. To shake the last of the feeling away, she catches Marc before he slips into their bedroom to change into his clothes and tells him she's holding them hostage until he pays the toll. Marc chuckles, catches her around the waist and tells her he'd rather be an outlaw, and if both of them laugh a little too hard and kiss a little too fierce out of a desperate need to prove something to themselves, it doesn't matter. They get an hour off when Brutus' train rushes through the district to the main city, and all the quarriers crowd the barriers by the tracks, waiting to catch a glimpse. Kev offered Heidi his day off as a trade in case she wanted to ride in and see Brutus arrive at the Justice Building in person, but she declined, and he didn't push it after that. Instead Heidi stands shoulder to shoulder with her friends and family, listening for the low hum that signals the train coming. The driver must've seen the crowd ahead, because when the train does arrive it's at half speed, and instead of waving through the windows, Brutus and Odin stand just inside the open door, one hand lifted in greeting, the other pressed to their chests in traditional gesture. The crowd around Heidi goes crazy, waving and shouting and throwing summer daisies, and in the centre of it Heidi alone stands still, her fist held over her heart. Maybe she imagines it; maybe she just sees what she wants to see; maybe it's a hallucination from the heat and exhaustion. But Heidi knows what she sees, whether it's real or not: Odin touches Brutus' shoulder and murmurs in his ear, and for a split-second Brutus' bright blue eyes meet hers, hold and dig into her like a nail in the bottom of her foot, before the train whips him away. It's the last time Heidi will ever see her son save on television, and he's already far away, disappearing into someone else, someone with no parents, no family but the one joined in blood that's spilled instead of shared. The last time she'll ever see him, and all she has to remember him is a moment of eye contact that she very probably invented. It's enough. "Well," Heidi says, taking a deep breath and clapping the nearest person on the shoulder. "Back to work."