the cushion beside me. "This is a little better, right?" he asks. "Yes," I admit. "A lot better." He looks pleased, and pauses to take a sip of water. "Do you want to do something? We could play a game?" I settle back against the overstuffed throw pillows on my side of the sofa, and shrug. "Sure." It becomes our routine. Peeta comes every day, bearing cheese buns, and we work on the book together until one or both of us tires of it. Then he carries me downstairs. I realize that maybe this is my chance to work out whether what Bonnie and Quill told me in the woods is real. No one understands why I insist on watching the news every afternoon, but Peeta switches on the television dutifully every time I ask him. Eventually the wedding dresses arrive, and they sit untouched in boxes stacked in the corner. Peeta and I act like they're not there. There are moments when I catch myself wondering if this is what life will be like, once we're married. Not the bed rest and broken feet, but the boredom. The useless, stifled feeling. As victors, we're forbidden from holding real jobs. Peeta could still bake, and paint, but without the woods to escape, what do I have? One bright morning, the snow starts to melt, and Mom pokes and prods at my foot. When I don't yelp with pain, she proclaims me cured – almost. "Give it one more day," she says. I finish Peeta's scarf before lunchtime. He seems surprised to find me already downstairs when he walks through the front door that afternoon. "Wow, look at you," he says, setting a basket on the kitchen island. I pull away the cloth covering the top greedily – I'm still not sick of his cheese buns, even after weeks of subsisting on practically nothing but. "My mom said I can try going outside tomorrow," I say through a mouthful of bread. I don't miss the brief flash of disappointment that flits over his features, though he recovers quickly with a wide, genuine smile. "That's great." I nod, swallowing thickly. "I, um – I have something to show you, upstairs," I say, feeling almost shy. Before I can even slide off of my stool, I find myself in his arms, just like every other day for the past few weeks. I protest, but he shushes me. "One more time," he insists. I let him carry me. Peeta sets me down on the edge of my bed. "Close your eyes for a second," I tell him. He squeezes them shut, and grins. "Who told you I like surprises?" "No one." It's not really a surprise, anyway; I'm not sure why we're both pretending like it is. I kneel down on the floor and pull the finished scarf out from where I'd hidden it beneath the bed. I push back up to my feet, and then, balancing lightly on my tiptoes, wind the scarf loosely around his neck. His smile grows wider. When I'm finished I take a step back and evaluate my handiwork. Cinna had taught me all kinds of ways to tie a scarf during the Victory Tour, but this one is made of a heavier material than the flimsy, decorative ones he'd dressed me in. Peeta wouldn't bother with a fancy knot, anyway. "Okay," I say. "Open them." Peeta meets my eyes for a second before looking down to the top of his chest. "Katniss, this is beautiful," he says, his fingers brushing over the soft yarn. I frown a little. "Well, wait til you see it off your neck. There are holes." For the most part, I'd gone back and fixed my errors as I noticed them while I was knitting, but some days I just didn't have the patience. "It's perfect," he says, and then he's wrapped me tightly in a hug, pulling me in close to his chest. The soft fabric of the scarf feels nice against my cheek. "Thank you." "You're welcome," I say, but what I should really be saying is thank you , too. For keeping me company all these weeks. For helping me get through the arena, and the Victory Tour. For throwing me the bread. For everything. I expect him to pull away then, but we stay entwined together, his chin resting atop my head. "This has been nice," he murmurs. I know he doesn't just mean the scarf. He means all these days we've spent together, pretending we're normal, like there isn't a constant threat hanging over our heads. They were nice. But they're over. I can't sit around all day anymore, knitting and chatting and eating. There are things I have to do. Responsibilities I must fulfill. I don't let him carry me back down the stairs, but he goes down first just in case I stumble, his heavy feet thudding even louder than my own. Peeta wears my scarf all day, even though we're indoors. Prim says he looks handsome, and when he smiles at me, I blush. Peeta doesn't stay for dinner. "I'm supposed to eat at my brother's house," he says, apologetic when my mother offers him a bowl of stew. "See you tomorrow?" he asks, turning to me. "Yeah," I say, but he doesn't miss my hesitation. "Okay," he says. "Goodnight." He squeezes my hand before he slips out the front door. I watch him through one of the windows in the kitchen. The sky is streaked with the soft, warm colors of sunset, even a few shades of orange that match the scarf. It's the last thing I see as he turns the corner and heads towards town. I started this ages ago, but Catching Fire movie excitement inspired me to finally finish it. I'd say this is 90% compatible with canon...not completely, but also not far off enough that it's an AU. I hope you enjoy it, and would love to know what you think!