worse by admitting that she's almost jealous. "Don't pull that shit with your finger again, by the way," Brutus says once the station disappears around a corner. Petra had almost forgotten, but then her hand twinges as a reminder. "You know better than that." Petra could argue — she hadn't meant to, not really, in her Field Exam she'd done it to remind herself what was real and what wasn't and this had been an echo of frustration, nothing conscious — but Brutus is her mentor and as always, he's right. "Yes sir," Petra says, and turns to stare past Emory out the window as the trees flash past. Once they're back home in the Village Brutus takes her out behind the house and fights her down, only this time he doesn't pin her down right from the start. He drags it out, lets Petra haul herself to her feet, staggering as her hip screams under the weight. The longer it lasts the less her control, and the trainers would be tutting and calling her out for being sloppy but Brutus doesn't. He ducks her blows and knocks her back with the same neutral frown on his face, and the line of tension inside her snaps. The frown breaks when Petra gets a knife in his ribs, and that she didn't mean to do. Petra stumbles back, staring at the bloodstain slowly growing across the front of Brutus' white shirt. Brutus grunts and pulls the knife free, tossing it onto the grass, and he closes the distance between them, takes Petra's hand and claps it right against the torn skin. "You feel that?" Brutus asks as the blood pulses hot against her fingers. "Remember how that feels?" He lets go, then swipes his bloody hands across Petra's face. It's warm and slick and sticky all at once, and the smell of it fills her nose and settles on her tongue, sharp and tangy and familiar. "They didn't take your claws, Petra. You could kill every one of them in that room without breaking a sweat, don't forget that." Brutus takes her face in both his hands, and Petra grips his wrists, fingers sliding. "You're strong," he says, fiercely. "You know you are. I know you are. What they think doesn't matter. Okay? It's just you, and me, and we know the truth." "Okay," Petra says, tears prickling her eyes. She won her Games with a weapon she'd never mastered in training, bludgeoning and smashing after a decade of fighting with knives not much longer than her fingertips. Now they dress her in pink and coo over her curls as though she hadn't fought to the death in the pouring rain with her hair plastered to her neck with filth and blood. But Brutus — Brutus knows, because he's been there too. "Good." Brutus pulls back and gives her a hard stare. "And sweetheart, if you want to play with weapons then we'll play with weapons, but you ever stab me again without permission and you'll be playing bulls-eye with plastic butter knives until the Quell, do you understand?" Petra nods, and Brutus bends and kisses her forehead before hauling her up into his arms. "The war paint looks good on you," he says. "I think we better go wash it off before you get a taste for my blood." "Only with permission," Petra says, curling her arms around his neck and letting her head rest against his shoulder. Her mentor let her stab him in the ribs and he'll let her do it again, and all she has to do is ask. Petra laughs quietly in spite of herself, and Brutus hefts her up a little higher. That night before bed Petra stares at her reflection, shower-damp hair hanging down over her shoulders, the ends curling as they dry. Her eyes catch the scissors on her desk, and Petra would say she does it without thinking but that would be a lie. She means every single second as she grabs the scissors, pulls a section of hair taut and snips right through it. The rasp of the blades against each other settles her raw nerves like a balm, and Petra snips and snips and lets the hair fall to her dresser in dark red coils. Once it's done Petra puts the scissors away, sweeps up the dead hair and drops it into the trash can, then picks up her phone and calls Brutus. "I cut off my hair," she says. The words come out calmer than she expected, and she waits for the explosion. For a Victor, image is everything, and after she just endorsed that hair care line there's really no escaping notice. "Knife or scissors?" Brutus asks. "Scissors. From my desk." "Did you cut yourself or just the hair?" Petra lets a newly shorn strand curl around her finger. "Just the hair. I cleaned everything up and put it away and didn't set the hair on fire either." She should get at least half points for that last, even if she only held back because burnt hair smells terrible and never goes away. "Good girl," Brutus says, and that's that. "Go to sleep. Tomorrow we'll get it fixed up so it looks like it was on purpose." After hanging up Petra climbs into bed, and she toys with the baby-fine wisps at the nape of her neck until she falls asleep. The next morning Petra checks her reflection and laughs out loud — half the curls have flattened to her head, the others sticking up in random bunches — then runs her fingers through her hair, grabs her cane and heads to the kitchen for breakfast. Brutus is already there, standing at the stove and flipping pancakes, and he barks out a laugh at the sight of her. "You look a sight," he says. "Can't say that's a look anyone will be itching to copy any time soon." "Thank you," Petra says primly, and grins when Brutus winks.