"I want some cuddle time," Eva asks, wanting to sit with her daddy on the couch and cuddle quietly before bed. She knows she won't get any. Peeta only lets them have 'cuddle time' when they're sick or he's had a really bad day and needs them to ground him. Cuddle time doesn't last as long with James because he's younger and has less of an attention span. Eva seems to always want it. "Not tonight, honey," Peeta says almost regretfully. "Maybe another time," the clinking of glasses makes me think they're done their bedtime snack. Sure enough, chairs scrape back and Peeta tells them to go brush their teeth. This is my cue to follow them upstairs and help. My children never want to brush their teeth. By the time I've forced both their mouths open to start brushing, Peeta has finished clearing the kitchen. "Tag, you're it," I tell him, leaving the bathroom to brush my own teeth. Immediately, James tries to leave the bathroom. Peeta squats down in the doorway, keeping them both there. I think they stay in the bathroom for at least 5 more minutes. The kids argue but Peeta's patient and adamant. He tells them that if they don't brush their teeth, they won't get a story. This works wonders, especially since Eva knows that a story is always accompanied by snuggles from daddy. I can almost hear the flecks of toothpaste hit the bathroom mirror in her frenzy to get finished. "Story! Story!" James cheers, clapping his hands. The floorboards creak as he skips to the room he shares with his sister. Most nights they get a story read to them from the overflowing bookcase. On better nights, when they haven't tired him out too much, Peeta invents a story for them, always casting them in the big roles. Apparently tonight is one of those nights. Eva and James crawl under the covers of Eva's bed while Peeta lies between them, an arm around each of them. I don't listen to the specifics of the story. But tonight there's an elephant, a tiger, and someone who's British. Peeta does all the sounds, voices, and some of the less extravagant actions. Eva and James giggle and then they are quiet. Peeta's voice is barely heard. He's trying to end the story nicely, but endings have never been his strong point. He rambles on about Princess Eva and James the Knight until he's sure they must be asleep. I turn on the lamp in our room and flick the overhead light off, crawling into bed already. My husband spends an unusually long time in their room. I start to wonder if he's fallen asleep with them. On tiptoe, I creep to their door and peer inside. He hasn't drifted off, but Peeta's still in Eva's bed with a child's head on each shoulder. He kisses them over and over, stroking their hair and rubbing their backs. "Peeta," I whisper softly to not wake them. "I think they're okay now. Come to bed," he nods and carefully gets up, bringing James with him. After settling the little boy in his own bed and giving them each one more kiss, he's finally back to me. I give him a long kiss, savouring the taste of his lips on mine. He's been too good today. "Can I go to bed now?" He asks, pulling away hesitantly. It's not too often he gets long kisses anymore. With two kids, there's never time. "Of course," I reply, taking his hand and going to our room. He has a quick shower and gets into pajama pants, since I'm in his shirt. Instead of getting under the covers and pulling me close to him like he does unless he's had an attack, Peeta flops on top of the duvet. I tickle the back of his neck where his blonde hair ends. His shoulders shrug and he turns over to look at me, smiling. "Are you okay? You look beat," I say, a crease forming on my forehead. "Yeah, I just had a rough day at work," he replies. "Peeta, you know you can rest when you get home. You don't have to play puppy with the kids," I play with his hair, which he loves. In return, he pulls me closer to him, feeling better already. "They're worth it," he says. I smile and give him another long kiss. He sticks around for this one, though. With his lips still on mine, he reaches back and turns the lamp off so we're in the dark. I pull away first. "Okay, you really need to sleep, Mr. Mellark," I kiss his nose and he practically sinks into his pillow. "Thank you, Mrs. Mellark," he mumbles, draping an arm across my stomach to keep me near him. His breathing evens out in record time while I snuggle into him. That night, the kids wake up more times than they ever have. First, Eva can't sleep and she needs her daddy to hold her for a minute. Then James is thirsty, but he favours Peeta over me in the night. They both have nightmares that Peeta fixes by rubbing their backs and letting them talk about it. I don't always wake up, but tonight I feel obliged to let Peeta sleep. He's adamant that he can do it; he can fix their problems, even though the dark circles under his eyes are growing. Eventually, the kids can't wake him up from whatever deep sleep he's in, so they settle for crawling in between us. Once they feel safe with us, both of them stay sleeping until the next morning. Then, Peeta makes us breakfast before going to work. All day, the kids ask me when Daddy's coming home. They can't wait for him to get back, and I know Peeta feels the same way. When the door opens again, the kids lose all interest in anything else. Daddy is home now. What could be better?