down the help, so they take it out where they can. Claudius doesn't fear death, not like the rest of the refugees from Twelve and elsewhere who scream and cling to each other and pray to the uncaring universe to save them. He doesn' want to die and isn't going to go out and do it on purpose or anything, but it isn't the idea of death that scares him. They'll all die one day, and like all Two Victors Claudius takes everything after eighteen as a miracle he should never stop appreciating. Death, no, but dying - and not just bleeding out in an Arena or torn to pieces by some sharp-toothed Gamemaker creation but crushed to death under falling rocks, suffocating slowly as he claws at his throat to make room for more air - that is different. With a weapon in his hand and something to do, Claudius could deal with almost anything. But the waiting, the hours of sitting in silence while the building above them threatened to collapse, old memories creeping around in the back of his mind - A bomb hits with a room-shaking shudder, and the lights stutter and cut out. A collective wail rises up from the crowd, and Claudius squeezes his eyes shut and rolls over on his side, pulling his knees up tight and pressing his forehead against the bar. The darkness sits on him as a heavy weight, the recycled air passing thinly in and out of his lungs and leaving him gasping and light-headed. Flashlights flick on in the bunks around him, but Claudius can't recall if he has one or where it is and he can't unclench his hand to search for it. The air in his chest presses out until he aches, a high ringing starting up in his ears, and Claudius can't breathe and the walls are creaking and they were all going to die here, choking on rubble and the dank stink of sweat from so many bodies pressed together - "Hey, D, you're okay." Lyme's voice cuts through the panic, and her hand falls on his shoulder. Claudius sucks in a hard breath and shakes his head, and the cheap mattress dips under her weight as she sits down beside him. "I'm so sorry, I tried to find you but there's no organization going on down here. I've been checking every bunk for the last three hours." Lyme doesn't need this. She has a war to win and their district to salvage in the meantime, and she's still mourning over losing Brutus and abandoning Nero and Misha and their home and everything else. She doesn't have time for Claudius needing a nightlight and a security blanket. "I'm fine," Claudius grits out, clenching his teeth to keep himself from gasping. "It's - it's fine, this sucks but it's fine." "Yeah, yeah," Lyme says, and go figure that his mentor sounds the calmest she's been in weeks while the Capitol hammers the entire compound with wave after wave of bombs. She scoots over farther onto the bed, tugs Claudius up out of his tightly-curled ball and hauls him up half into her lap like a damn baby. She wraps her arms around him and holds him tight against her chest, her chin resting on his hair, and Claudius closes his eyes again and focuses on the steady thump of her heart, barely elevated given the circumstances. "I'm fine, boss," Claudius insists, but he curls his fingers in her belt and clings tight. Lyme runs her fingers through his hair, and then, there in the middle of the cries and the explosions and the rattling of the furniture comes another sound, low and soft and crooning, one that Claudius has never heard in his life despite being a tribute and a Victor and a traitor and all the things in between. "Are you singing?" Claudius asks. The ceiling shakes overhead, the air thick and oxygen thin, and he presses closer. The sound stops. "Nope," Lyme says, rubbing her fingertips over his scalp and down to work on the taut muscles in his neck. "You're hallucinating out of fear." A few seconds after she quits speaking, the song picks up again. Claudius lets it carry him away, hallucination or no, and when he opens his eyes later the lights are back to their usual levels. The air no longer tastes of sweat and the metallic tang of several layers of recycling, and no sound of explosions rattle down from above. "We made it?" he asks, blinking. Lyme runs her hand over his military-cropped hair in lieu of ruffling it. "We made it," she confirms. "They're moving us all back upstairs in batches. I thought you needed the sleep in the meantime." Claudius releases a long breath and sits up. "Thanks," he says, unable to look at her in spite of all the times she's seen him flayed open and vulnerable. It feels different here in the catacombs, surrounded by people who want them dead almost as much as the hovercraft crews above them. "Hey," Lyme says, and she grips him by the back of the neck and rests their foreheads together. "Are you my kid, or aren't you?" "Always," Claudius says without thinking. He killed seven kids in the Arena and more in training to make it out to her, and he packed up his whole life in a satchel and followed her when she left for District 13 without a second thought. His life might be upside-down but a mentor is forever. Lyme smiles, thin and tight compared to the open affection she used to show him before Brutus died and the world exploded around them, but still. "Good. Now come on, let's slip in with the next group up and see if we can snag something not terrible for breakfast." Claudius follows her into the crowd of orderly bodies, and in the press and bustle, Lyme reaches over and gives his arm a comforting squeeze.