asked, President Snow said she'd lost herself in the capital. It happens every other year that a victor can't handle what's happened to them, what they've done, and choose to loose themselves in the capital. Maybe it's better that way. Maybe it's better not to feel. "I'm sorry," I was snapped out of my memories by Whip's voice, and turned away from the window to face him. He was the only victor from 10 that chose to remain at home; there had been another male a while back, but he had long since vanished. I hugged him hard, and he squeezed me back, which almost crushed my spine. He was an extremely burly man with clearly defined biceps and ropey, tough hands. "I'm so sorry," "It's okay, Whip. We all knew it was going to happen eventually. The best thing I can do know is talk strategy," I stepped back from him and seated myself on the couch while Axel sat next to me, still quivering slightly, but he had stopped crying. "You've seen many Hunger Games, Celeste. Don't go for the Cornucopia unless you're in with the Careers. You want to grab one of the outer lying packs and run towards the woods, find shelter, and water. Don't underestimate the power of a good water supply. Many tributes in the past have died from natural causes. And the first and foremost most important thing to help you survive…" He glanced from the kid to me and back. "Is what?" The kid prompted, eager to know how to survive. "Sponsors," I answered for Whip, who nodded in agreement. "Get people to like you, and you get gifts, which help you get ahead in the Games." I explained, keeping my eyes trained on Whip. "Do you have any abilities? Talents?" Before either of us could answer, Sicca, with her shrill, obnoxiously excited voice, announced that it was suppertime. I rose and moved to the table with the kid moving practically as my shadow. I didn't mind it though, I liked him, he was real and reminded me of the friends I'd made in 10 that I missed so much. The food was served and he practically devoured his plate before I'd even finished my second roll of bread. I glanced at him and a small but persistent smile tugged at my lips. I don't trust everyone I meet. In fact, I rarely trust anyone, but those few that have really earned it, well, I'd fight to the death for them. I didn't trust my friends back at 10. I loved them all, but I didn't trust a single one; I was fairly certain that, if the option was to save my life by risking theirs, they'd choose to stay in the comforts of their homes without a second hesitation. "What is that?" I glanced at the kid, who was looking at me with a mixture of curiosity and admiration as I poured the steaming brown liquid into his cup. "It's called hot chocolate," I told him, grinning. He looked at it uncertainty and I grinned again. Damn it this kid was really growing on me. "Go on, try it," He cautiously brought the cup to his lips and took a small sip, his eyes going wide the second the liquid passed his lips, and then he was taking large gulps of it and pouring himself the rest, which wasn't much. "Would you like to finish mine as well?" I asked him, pushing my cup over to him. "No, thank you." He turned down my offer politely. "Take it," I insisted smiling genuinely at him and he took it. "Dip the bread in it," I advised him, and he wisely took heed. I returned my attention to Whip, who was looking back and forth between me and Axel with an overt look of unease. "So, talents?" He glanced at me for a moment longer, making sure I got the message not to get too attached to the kid. "I'm good with weapons, knives and bows, mostly long-range, but I prefer hand to hand." Whip nodded thoughtfully, even though he knew most of that. Mel had taught me how to hunt and had trained me in weaponry since I was little. After she'd gotten taken, I'd still gone to the capital each year for the Games with my parents, and I'd still met all of the tributes and hung out with the victors when my father did his work as weapons trainer. I'd kept up my training all through those years and when my parents died and I was left at the mercy of myself, I didn't dare let myself drop it. I'd received Mel's status as a victor and was allowed to come and go as I pleased. I used to think of myself as the one person who was truly free in Panem. I guess I was wrong. "That's good, we can use that. Knives are useful in the arena," He mused. "What about my angle?" I asked, knowing that I would need something powerful. "Capital darling maybe. Put you in a nice, fluffy, pink dress…" He trailed off laughing as I wrinkled my nose in disgust. "Alright then, what were you thinking?" He knew me well enough to know if I had an idea, there was no talking me out of it. "I was thinking a mixture of fierce and loving. Remind them that I am practically one of them," I paused for a second, mulling over what I just said, and then, with a glance at Sicca, "Practically." Sicca looked offended, but both Axel and Whip hid grins that were quickly extinguished by reality. "There little girl all grown up? Ready to defend them? It could work, but remember: you're still representing District 10" Axel suddenly shot up and hobbled to the window, gazing out, eyes full of longing. We had arrived at the Capital. I took a deep breath in preparation for what lay ahead. I was ready.