are going to Capitol and you need someone to show you around…I know it pretty well." "Cool," she says, noncommittal. Capitol Academy is the exclusive private school Gale attends, too. Classes start in two weeks – Gale's been bitching about it for days now. Katniss definitely won't be attending. For a moment they're silent, caught between the soft roar of the ocean and the bassline beating dimly from the house behind them. "So do you, um." Peeta glances at her, then down to where his fingers are tracing circles in the sand. "Do you have a boyfriend?" Katniss swallows. "No." Peeta nods, mostly to himself. "That's cool." "Do you know Johanna?" she asks, desperate for a change of subject. "Johanna Mason? Yeah," he says. "She's pretty much my best friend. Why?" Why indeed, Peeta. "She scared Glimmer away," Katniss says, cringing on the inside as she scrambles for a way for that to make sense. "At the fashion show. Glimmer wanted to wear my dress. Also my friend Gale likes her." Peeta perks up at that last bit, and Katniss regrets it immediately; contemplates just throwing herself into the ocean so he'll forget all about it. Gale does think Peeta's "a dick", after all. Alas, he latches onto it before she can pull her feet out of the sand. "Gale Hawthorne likes Johanna?" he says, exuding disbelief. "Have they ever even spoken?" "I don't know," she says. (Lie.) "I can't believe that," Peeta says, shaking his head. "I mean – I know you're friends – but me and Johanna are tight, and that guy hates me. Actually, I'm surprised you're even talking to me right now, how much he hates me." "He never said anything," she says. (Lie. Again.) "Why's he hate you?" "I don't know!" Peeta exclaims, seeming genuinely upset that Gale Hawthorne – who Katniss increasingly suspects is some kind of social pariah at Capitol – hates him. "I invited him to my birthday party, like, every year until seventh grade, and he never came." Katniss holds back a smile – he's just so indignant that someone wouldn't fall prey to his charms. "What happened in seventh grade?" "What happened?" Peeta shrugs. "Nothing. I just…stopped." He scrunches his nose up. "Shit, maybe I really am an asshole." Katniss laughs. "I forgive you." "Yeah?" He grins at her, and for a moment she's hit by the full force of his warm smile, his upbeat attitude, his clear blue eyes. Her heart actually skips a beat, until she tells it to settle down, we're just walking here. "Good. I feel better, then. Katniss…what's your last name?" "Everdeen." "Katniss Everdeen doesn't think I'm an asshole." He leans in slightly towards her. "I have a feeling that makes me special or something." "I do know a lot of assholes," she admits, dodging the implication she's pretty sure he's going for. Peeta leans in even closer. "Do you –" "KATNISS!" Katniss has no idea how she ever mistook Peeta's voice for the sound of Gale charging ebulliently down the dunes. She twists around to see him, Peeta following just a second later, and as soon as he does, Gale stops in his tracks, his face dropping instantly into a scowl. "Oh," Gale says. "Hey Peeta." "Hey." Their tones are frosty, their jaws set. Katniss rolls her eyes. Gale's eyes dart between Katniss and Peeta with suspicion. "I didn't know you two knew each other." "We don't," Katniss says. At Peeta's wounded look, she sighs. "We didn't. We do? What's going on, Gale?" He won't take his eyes off of Peeta. "Nothing. I mean, I'm ready to go home. Let's head out." Katniss moves to stand, but stops at the touch of Peeta's hand on her forearm. "I could give you a ride, if you don't want to leave yet," he says. "We are neighbors." Her stomach flutters with possibility, but she stamps the feeling down. Not now. Not ever. Not in Panem freaking County. She smiles slightly, but pulls away, shaking the sand off her skirt as she stands. Hopefully no one was expecting to get this dress back, because it's completely ruined, coated in damp patches of sand and saltwater. "That's okay," she says. "I'm getting tired anyway." "You sure?" Katniss hesitates. Behind her Gale is already halfway up the dunes, kicking at the sand impatiently as he waits for her. "I'm sure," she says. Peeta pushes himself up to his feet, too, stumbling slightly on the shifting sand. "I'll see you again, right?" Katniss looks past him, to the ocean. Tonight's the first time she's seen it in six years, though the house where she grew up is only an hour inland. It's been nice, these past few days. Almost like a vacation. Gale is fun, and Hazelle is wonderful, and Peeta…if Peeta wasn't from here, and she wasn't from there…well. It doesn't really matter, does it – because her next court appearance is on Monday, and it's not like Hazelle's going to adopt her. "Maybe," she says. She follows Gale up the dunes. And when she pauses to look back, Peeta's there, like she knew he would be; watching them leave, silent and still as the tide splashes over his feet. Thank you for reading! This was written for Day 6 (Purple) of the August 2014 Prompts in Panem challenge on Tumblr. :) Also, 2 things: 1. If you are one of the people who's been following my WIPs, well, I am so sorry. I went through a pretty long slump of writer's block (and I hope this is the beginning of the end of that.) Thank you so much for all the notes and reviews you've sent me - I truly appreciate it! 2. I also went somewhat MIA on tumblr because I got locked out of my account. I'm now at imreallyloveleee . tumblr . com. Still trying to get back into the original one, but that's why you haven't heard from me in a really long time!