believe it, even though you said you were coming. It's like it's not real." Brutus only nods as Emory's confusion grows, and the smile glows warm in his chest as he savours the moment. "Brought you a few things," he says. "Emory makes a fine apple jam, last of the fall crop, and you ain't tasted rhubarb pie until you've had hers." The woman stumbles back a step. "After everything you did, here you are bringing more! Snow's mercy, as if you ain't done enough. Come in, come in, our Bethany hasn't been able to sit down all day." Emory stops, one foot on the stair. "Bethany," she says slowly. "I know that name, why do I know that name?" "Go on inside and see," Brutus says, and Emory bites her lip but in the end she trusts her mentor — of course she does — and she steps inside. Brutus counts down from ten as he kicks off his shoes, and he's down to three when Emory sucks in a gasp. "Oh," she says, eyes gone big and wide. "That's — oh ." A Reaping-aged girl, pretty and slender without an ounce of quarry blood in her, slips in from the kitchen and steps close to her mother. Bethany Williams, fourteen years old, called in the Reaping of the 52nd Hunger Games. The girl who would've died if Emory hadn't stepped in to take her place. Her mother gives her a nudge. "Go on, now, this is no time to be shy." She gives Emory a small smile. "Couldn't tear her away from the screen the whole time, you know. Normally I wouldn't let her watch that much, but she said she had to." "I did have to," the girl bursts out. "I did, I — you went in for me, and you made it through that awful Arena with all those traps and no grass or sky or trees or anything —" Emory inhales a careful breath at the memory, and Brutus doesn't weaken her by reaching out to touch her in front of others but he does take a step close until she swallows and exhales. "I would've died right away, I know I would, but you were so smart. You waited and you figured it out and you won and I'm so happy you made it out. You're brave and strong and — and everything." A flush crawls up from Emory's throat and takes over her entire face, ears flaming bright red. "I just did my duty," she says, falling back on the stock phrase because the Centre prepared her for grilling in the Capitol and how to smile in the face of a hundred flashbulbs. Gamemakers with their scoreboards and sponsors who smile like vultures and scent for blood, yes, Emory charmed them all with her simple manners and her complete lack of artifice. They trained her for all that, but not this. Not blind, adoring gratitude from the one person with a real connection instead of picking a favourite based on training scores and personality. "And we're very grateful for it," the girl's mother says, pulling her daughter back and wrapping an arm around her shoulders. "It's just the two of us, now that my Blaine's passed on. If I'd lost her — Please, sit down, I'll make you some coffee." They stay a good hour, long enough that it doesn't feel like they're rushing but not so long that the family feels obligated to ask them to stay for a meal. Emory's still pink around the cheeks and ears when they say goodbye, and Brutus scrawls the address for Victor Affairs on a scrap of paper and hands it over when the girl asks if she can write now and then. Brutus says nothing once they're back in the truck, waiting as Emory twists around to wave through the back window before the house disappears around a curve. Finally Emory sits back and pulls her seatbelt back into place, letting it snap against her chest and shoulder. "You did that on purpose," she says, glancing at Brutus. "Damn right I did," he says, and Emory snorts in surprise. "Not everything has to be sneaky. Sometimes there's a thing you need to hear and I'm gonna make sure you hear it." He waits, fingers tight on the wheel, for Emory to say that it doesn't matter if it was her, they would've been just as glad for any other Career girl to step in, but this time she doesn't. She stares down at her hands instead, running her fingers over the inside of her knuckles, smooth where Remake erased the gashes that the garrotte wire had torn into her skin. Brutus grips the wheel harder to stop himself from covering her hand with his. "Maybe we could stop by the market," Emory says after a while, still looking down. "I know it's too early for fresh vegetables, but we could get bread and things." Brutus swallows. "Yeah?" "You've been cooking a lot," Emory says slowly, and Brutus barely dares to breathe. "I should make you something." "Emory —" "I want to make you something," she corrects herself. "Stew, maybe. Something hearty." Brutus watches the road with an intensity that definitely isn't warranted to keep his eyes from flicking sideways. "They sell cheese down there, real sharp stuff. Don't need much to get the flavour, you just sprinkle some on top and it melts right in. You ever have cheese in stew?" "No, ain't never," Emory says. They'll have trained the quarry-area grammar out of her in the Program the same as Brutus, but just like with him the longer she's home the more creeps back in. "But it sounds good. Show me what's good and I'll grab some." It's the first she's mentioned using her stipend on anything for herself, and ahead the sun glitters on the distant mountaintops as Brutus pulls the truck into town. "Sounds like a plan to me," he says.