Rue too well, but I would like to believe if we met under better circumstances we would be friends. When I got out of the shower my mother and sister were waiting for me in the living room. "Prim, mom." I say with excitement and give them hugs. "Careful now dear. Don't want to mess up the curlers." Effie reminds me. By the time 11 rolled around I was so tired and Hungary I could sleep for days. "The wedding starts exactly at noon. People are already gathering in the square. This is going to be the biggest wedding in Panem history." Effie says overjoyed about this fact. The dress is strapless of course. It flows down to the ground. Simplistic and beautiful, Cinna outdid himself with the dresses he left me. As they finish my hair there is a slight knock on the door. "Don't worry, Prince Charming is here." Haymitch says to us. "How are you doing?" "I'm nervous, no turning back now. Feel like I could throw up." I tell him. "Haymitch, I was wondering if you would mind giving me away?" I sort of question. Haymitch stands there in the silent for a moment before stepping closer. "Yes." He says simply. Haymitch proceeds to reach towards me with a closed fist. I lay my hand out Palm up and in the middle of my palm he places my mockingjay pin. "Today is the day mocking jay." Haymitch says. When the wedding march starts and I start walking with Haymitch at my side. Down in the front row I see President Snow standing looking at me. The doves soar into the air as I walk closer to Peeta. Effie fought doves would be romantic. We walk closer and just like me I trip almost face planting in front of the alter. It was only a few short minutes until the 'I Do's" but for me it felt like a lifetime. "By the power invested in me by district one, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss your bride." The minister says. Peeta leans in close and kisses me softly, I almost forgot we were in front of the entire country. When we kissed in the games it was different, you don't realize it then. Once I remembered we were facing people I got embarrassed. "Now introducing to you for the first time, Mister and Misses Peeta Mellark." My mom cried along with Effie and half of Panem. As Peeta and I walk back down the isle I notice a tall familiar figure. It didn't take long for me to realize it is Gale. When we got to the reception the place was packed. Peeta and I were seated at the table up front while people walked by and congratulated us on the public renewal of our vows. Half way through the line I was getting nauseous again. "Peeta, I'm going to puke." I whisper in his ear. Excusing myself I walk into the ladies room to promptly throw up in the trash can. "Wedding day butterflies?" I hear a dainty voice ask. I turn around, wiping off my mouth, and see a petite girl with pixie cut blond hair. "I'm Luna," she introduces. "Katniss," I say extending a hand to shake. "Nice to meet you." I say to her. "I know who you are." She says smiling. "This is a beautiful wedding." She says with amazement in her eyes. "Thank you, Effie did most of the planning." I admit to her. "What district are you from?" I ask her. "I'm from the Capitol." She says. Should have known her bright orange hair matching her dress perfectly. Everything about her screams Capitol. "I know this is totally fan girl of me to ask but, can I hug you?" "Sure," I say to her. I haven't had a request like that before but this is the Capitol. She embraces me with a hug. "Thank you." She says smiling. I wipe off my mouth and head back out to the reception. I walk back out and stand up next to my new husband. The party lasted for two more hours until we finally got to go back to our hotel room. Of course no honeymoon for us. When we got back there was a package waiting for us on our bed. "Who is that from?" Peeta asks. I lift up the tag to examine it. "To Mister and Missus Peeta Mellark, from President Snow." I read to Peeta. I take the lid off the box and what was on the inside surprised me. "Oh my god." I whisper. "What?" Peeta asks walking up beside me. "Is that what I think it is?" He asks me. "It is a box full of baby clothes and diapers. But how could he of known?" I question. "It's Snow how does he ever know. He has spies everywhere." Peeta tells me. He grabs the card off the top and and opens it up. "Dear Mister and Misses Mellark, at the bottom of the box you will find the schedule for tomorrow." Peeta reads. Of course he has us doing stuff the day after our wedding. President Snow still doesn't believe our love is real. I can understand how it wasn't believable at first. I'm a really shitty actress. Now it's actually not an act, it's a declaration of love. God that sounds cheesy. "So what should we do now?" Peeta asks getting closer to me. "I know what you want to do." I say smiling. He leans in and kisses me softly. "Look, I was right." I say laughing. "What, is it illegal for a man to want to have sex with his wife?" Peeta asks. "You are mine now." Peeta says smiling. "Besides, we don't have to worry about you getting pregnant." I eventually gave in to his pleading and slow neck kisses. Before I knew it his hands were under my shirt and his shirt was on the floor.