years Peeta's feelings for me, but I never imagined it would feel this good. I repeat his name, my hands tracing clumsily over him. Though in the back of my mind, I was prepared for the possibility that we could end up here, I do not know what to do. I search my mind for bits and pieces I have learned from girls in the Seam, from my prep team, from Johanna's stories. I should have listened more closely while I had the chance. Intimacy has always made me nervous. Peeta grasps my shaking hands in his own. "It's ok, Katniss," he soothes. "We don't have to—" I am in no mood for him to refuse me. I thread my fingers through his thick hair and pull him to me. He accepts my kisses eagerly. I roll him under me, still determined to prove to him that my feelings are real. "No. I want to," I punctuate my kisses with this proclamation. "Have you ever?" he begins to ask me as my fingers fumble with the buttons of his shirt. "No." I rearrange myself to take pressure off of his prosthetic leg. "I never wanted to before." I do not need to ask if this is Peeta's first time. I paid enough attention to him before our reaping to know there was no one else. He leans up and kisses me again, his tongue slipping into my mouth as his hands slide beneath the skirt of my dress. "Why now?" he asks against my neck, his breath warm and sweet. I would think the answer would be obvious, as I sit straddled in his lap, my dress rumpled and my arms wrapped around his bare chest. He needs me to say it though. I owe him that much. "Because I love you," I take my time with my words, meet his eyes and hold his gaze. His smile, big and toothy and bright, is worth it. Peeta slows down to a pace that would infuriate me at any other time, but I am grateful for it today. I experience each sensation in stunning clarity as he removes my dress, taking time to lay it out over a chair near the bed, careful with Cinna's creation as he is with everything. I take more liberties with his clothing which ends up in an ungraceful pile on the floor. Every kiss, every touch, is like a brand on my skin, a mark of ownership. I return them in kind. The night is a blur of motion- hands, limbs, lips. There are moments of uncertainty, moments where we succumb to giggles, moments of quiet and even tears. The night is our own. We fall asleep, wake up in each other's arms and begin again. I am dizzy with the sensations, torn between regret that this did not happen sooner and elation that it happened when I was whole again, when I could give myself fully. A knock on our front door early the next afternoon drags us from the world we have sequestered ourselves in. I am cosseted in Peeta's arms, my bare back pressed to his chest, our legs twisted together. He stirs against me, stretching out. We have slept many hours past our normal waking time. "Last night happened. Real or not real?" his voice is heavy with sleep. "Very real," I roll over, stretching my sore muscles. Peeta smiles at me. "I think I'll paint the flowers in the kitchen today," he tells me. "So I can remember them forever." It is one of the things he says to me that used to make me uncomfortable. Today, it makes me smile. I burrow myself into the warm skin of his chest. "I'm glad you liked them," I say at last. The knocking on the door becomes more hysterical. Peeta sits up a bit. "Let them wait," I beg him. I am not ready to face the world outside yet. He leans back toward me, content with my decision. The knocking halts and we begin to drift to sleep again. Then we hear Haymitch's voice. "I swear to God, sweetheart, if you don't open this door in the next ten seconds, I'll kick it down!" Peeta immediately begins laughing, but I know Haymitch well enough to know that he is serious. It takes me a minute to disengage from Peeta, all the while shouting for Haymitch to wait. I do not want to have to fix the front door. "I'll get him," Peeta tells me, but I shove him back into bed. "Let me," I am already up anyway. I seize his green shirt from the night before, shove my arms in and manage to do up the top buttons before I stick my head out of the bedroom window. The cool air hits me full in the face as I lean out. A disgruntled Haymitch and a nervous Greasy Sae are standing on our front stoop. The sight of me melts the anger right off of his face. "It's about time, you two!" he shouts this up at the both of us. I cannot help but smile. Peeta crawls out of bed, clutching a sheet around him and joins me at the window. Together we wave down at our visitors. They clear off in a hurry. "I guess we should get up," I close the window and turn towards Peeta. "Not a chance," he draws the curtains and seizes me around the waist. "I'm not done with you yet." In the privacy of our home, I allow myself to be taken back to bed by the man I love. As he kisses me, I perform my morning ritual. My name is Katniss Everdeen. I live in the new District 12 with Peeta Mellark. We are in love. For the first morning in many months, I feel my face break into a smile. A/N: If you have a moment, please leave a review. I love constructive criticism. Thank you for reading!