number. The phone rang a few times, before going to voicemail. "Hey Katniss," he said. "I'm at home. Just wondering where you are. Hope everything is okay. Call me when you get this. Love you," and he hung up. He lifted Aran out of his play pen and called to Skye. Might as well feed the kids and get them ready for bed while he waited for her to come home, then maybe he and Katniss could have some time together. He smiled at the thought of snuggling up on the sofa with his wife. He first started to feel a little anxious, when there was still no word from Katniss by the time the kids were fed, bathed, and ready for bed. Skye didn't want to go to bed before Katniss came home, but she dozed off on the sofa waiting, cuddling her favorite orange blanket. Aran fell asleep in his arms, so he gently lifted him first and put him down in his crib, switching on the baby monitor so he would hear him if he woke, before carrying Skye upstairs to her room and tucking her into bed. By now, Peeta found himself starting to get annoyed as well as anxious. Where the hell was Katniss? Surely she knew Skye would want her at bedtime? He checked his phone again, still no messages. She could have at least texted him to let him know she was okay. The food was ruined, so he took it out of the oven and threw it into the trash. Quickly he texted Prim to ask her if Katniss was with her. "Sorry, haven't seen her all week," came back the reply from Prim's phone, a few minutes later. Next he texted Annie. Same reply. Katniss wasn't with her either. Now Peeta could feel anxiety starting to rise within him, taking over from his earlier annoyance. If she wasn't with Prim or Annie, then where the hell was she? He began pacing the living room, trying to suppress his growing feeling of fear. What if she'd had an accident? Why wasn't she answering his calls? He dialed her phone again, this time it went straight through to voicemail. He felt his heart rate starting to increase. "Katniss please, call me when you get this," he pleaded. "Where are you? It's getting late and I'm getting really worried. I'm about to start calling hospitals". He sat on the sofa, staring at his phone, willing the damn thing to ring. He thought back to when he last seen her, early that morning, fast asleep and warm as she lay in their bed, when he had kissed her and she mumbled his name in her sleep. He paced for another hour, continually checking his phone before he finally thought of the woods. He stopped pacing suddenly. Sae had said Katniss looked upset and stressed, and for as long as he'd known her, whenever Katniss had felt really stressed, whether it was to do with college or just life in general, she would take off for the woods for a few days. To Gale . She hadn't always told him before she took off either, but that was before they had two young children to take care off. She hadn't done anything like that since before Skye was born and he'd almost forgotten about the feelings he'd always suspected she had deep down for Gale. He shook his head. Surely she wouldn't up and leave now without talking to him, not when she knows how much the kids needed her, how much he needed her? She wouldn't leave him to cope with two upset children alone, would she? He jumped up off the sofa and ran upstairs to their bedroom. Pulling open the door to their closet, he started searching through Katniss' side, looking for the one item he knew she would never leave behind if she had done what he thinks she has. It didn't take long for his suspicion to be confirmed. Peeta sank down to the floor of the closet, running his hands through his hair before leaning his head back against the wall. Her father's old leather hunting jacket was missing. That told him all he needed to know. He knew now where she had most likely gone and to whom. Leaning forward, he tried to catch his breath and focus on what he should do next. He couldn't believe she would do this to him again, especially now, not without even talking to him first. But she had. She had left him and their children behind to run off to the woods. To Gale. But Peeta didn't get much time to think before he heard loud cries coming from Aran's crib. He pulled himself up off the floor and went to check on his son. From the sounds of things, it looked like they were both facing another rough night ahead of them. "Shussshhh Aran," he said, his voice breaking slightly as he picked the little boy up and gently cradled him against his shoulder. "It's okay, I've got you. Daddy's here. And I'll never leave you". Okay! So this is my very first attempt at writing anything of my own, so please be nice! All comments and (constructive) criticisms are welcome. I have about four chapters of this story written, so if its well received, I would hope to update about once a week or every ten days. Thanks to my wonderful friend KnottedEnergy , for all her patience and encouragement in convincing me to even attempt to write something in the first place. It never would have happened without her. Also thanks to my wonderful friend and beta Kismet4891 , for all her encouragement and guidance. You ladies are wonderful. If anybody fancies a really good read, go check out either of these ladies stories! Oh, and if anyone is curious, I chose Peeta and Katniss son's name based on the Irish language word for bread - Arán :)