I'm sure there will be people into that," he says, trying for neutral support. People will do all kinds of crazy things nowadays. "Oh, there will," Lyme says in a tone that makes Brutus want to run for the door. "But this is good, see? Mutual 'nope'. Means Nero won't bug me so much to be reasonable if it's you too." Brutus begs the food to get there faster. He ordered his steak rare, how much time can that possibly take? She glances up after a while of scribbling, eyes narrowed in thought. "Also, you look like you want kids." Brutus jerks back. "Am I on trial here? Look, write about how much you don't want to fuck me or whatever, but there's a line." Lyme puts the pen down. "Okay, okay, sorry. You just look like the kind of guy who wants kids -" Brutus says nothing, lapsing into stony silence - "and that's a never for me, a big serious never ever. And that's not like the type of guy I think is hot or the kind of sex I want to have. If you want kids and I don't, it's shitty from the start for me to say anything but no." Brutus' breath aches in his chest. This is not what he wanted for his evening. He'd rather go home and take a sword to the leg. He presses his thumb and forefinger to the arch of his eyebrows, elbow resting on the table, and tries for something - anything - to say but everything twists itself ugly and mocking inside him. "Pretty sure it's a moot point whether I do or not," Brutus says at last, grinding his teeth so hard a spike of pain shoots up his jaw. "Fuck," Lyme mutters, and Brutus doesn't look up because he doesn't trust himself but he thinks that's genuine regret in her tone. "Look, you know how weird this is, right? I know half the Village was hoping I'd be the perfect wife for you because you've been waiting so long or whatever, but I'm not, okay?" "Yeah, I got it," Brutus grits out, and where is the Games-damned food. Lyme sighs. "All I mean is, I know this is worse for you than me. I don't want anybody, ever, no matter how much Nero harps on me about how when I'm old I'll be sad I don't have a husband to change my diaper or whatever. I'm glad I'm not what you want because it means I won't have to put up with you chasing me." She runs a hand through her hair, tugging at the short strands. "But I went into this hoping it would fail, and you probably didn't, so. For what it's worth, that sucks, and I'm sorry." Brutus drags both hands down his face, and there is no way to salvage this evening, is there. She'll never understand what it's like to watch the Games and wonder if this will be his future wife before seeing her cut down in a spray of blood. She won't take the female tribute three years in like Brutus did, even though that meant she'd be off-limits to Brutus as a future partner, because taking the boy would've either meant trying to kill her or hoping his tribute died so he could have a shot at marriage. "Well, at least you know I won't be chasing you," Brutus says, with what he hopes is the proper amount of levity. "So maybe you can stop trying to chop my legs off every time I open my mouth." Lyme gives him a long, considering stare, then actually grins a little. "Yeah, you've got a point. We should have a toast to a long, happy life of never wanting to fuck each other - at least, if they'd actually bring the drinks." She says that last bit with a raised voice, and Brutus would feel worse except he'd almost go back into the Arena for a beer right now. Funny enough, it's easier to talk after that. Halfway through the meal, Lyme spears a small potato and waves it at him. "You know they're full of shit, right? Nero, Odin, and yeah, you. All this freaking out over making sure you have somebody to sleep in the same bed. We're in the Village, aren't we? Who cares if you're not married, you're surrounded by people who understand you." It's not about that, not at all. Lyme is so far off the mark the trainers wouldn't even make her run laps, they'd pull her aside and ask her what the hell was wrong, but there's no point in arguing. Because no, it's not the same, because what Brutus wants is the whole thing, and he can't get that from his mentor or his fellow victors or even a friend. Because maybe if Brutus had one person he could try to make happy every day - a person where his job is make her happy, where making her smile is worth more than money or sponsorship agreements - then what he does the rest of the year might not be so hard. He wants someone who can make him feel a little less like he's only pretending to be human, who could dig inside him and find the good man that he's trying so desperately to be after a decade of burying him away. But Lyme's right about one thing: ain't her fault that it can't be her. "So does that mean you'll change my diaper for me when we're old?" Brutus asks, baring his teeth at Lyme instead. "Since we're such good friends now." She looks at him, startled, then laughs without an edge underneath it for the first time that evening. "You first," Lyme shoots back. "But I bet you'll shit yourself more than me." "You know, it's a shame you want to stay single, because you're a real peach," Brutus drawls, and Lyme kicks him hard under the table.