her more uncomfortable than anything else he'd done or said tonight. She didn't have long to think about it, though. Gale pressed down on the gas and zipped around the semi-truck ahead of them. After he passed, he didn't slow down. "Gale," said Madge, a warning in her tone. "Go back to sleep, Undersee," he said. "I'll get you home safe." Again , thought Madge. Annoying as he'd been earlier, on their first return journey to campus, and as much as she wanted to be independent, having him following along behind her, whistling "The Wheel on the Bus," had made her feel safe. He was reckless, but not untrustworthy. He did a lot of stupid things, sure, but he never endangered anyone, besides himself. "Just don't go too fast," she said, scooting down into the passenger seat. She rested her head against the cool window, deafened by the rushing wind buffering against the side of the car, and closed her eyes. After a minute, Gale turned on the radio. He kept the volume at a low, soothing murmur, lulling Madge back into the arms of exhaustion. He hummed tunelessly along to a song she didn't know. The world can always use more music , she thought, tucking the line away before she fell asleep and forgot it. Who knew Gale Hawthorne would ever say something quoteworthy? Another piece of the puzzle that didn't quite fit. Daredevil, slut, secret philosopher...he just didn't make any sense. Not yet. Gale made it to campus in record time. Madge was drooling on the window, out cold. He decided to let her sleep a little while longer. Really, he felt too guilty to wake her up. Moments like this, where they ended up together by accident and misadventure, he wondered what exactly the two of them were. Friends was too strong a word. Acquaintances wasn't strong enough. He supposed, in a way, they were something like family. They came from the same place. Their histories overlapped. He teased her for being so uptight, while taking for granted that he could always count on her in an emergency situation. He liked that she was dependable, but he would never admit to it. After all, he had an image to uphold. More importantly, he had himself to protect. Because he wasn't certain what Madge was to him, he tread carefully. With his hook-ups, and even with his friends, he kept his distance. Katniss was the only person he let see the darker side of him, the grief he still felt, like a gluttonous black hole, almost two years after his father's death. Katniss was his cousin, she was blood. But Madge…? Gale didn't want to think about it anymore. He reached across the middle console to shake Madge's arm. "Rise and shine, Princess." She didn't startle awake this time and he wondered if she'd even been asleep. She immediately looked to the glowing green radio clock. 9:47. "Shit," she said, shouldering open the passenger side door. She spilled out of the car and took off across the parking lot. "Hold up," Gale called after her. "You forgot your…" Madge was already gone. For someone running on only a couple hours of sleep, she moved freakishly fast. Clutching her car keys in his fist, Gale followed after her, though he didn't run. He was way too tired for that shit. Madge had picked out her outfit before going to The Hob with Johanna. She tugged the black dress up over her hips and jammed her arms into the fitted long sleeves. She hopped around the room, gathering her sheet music, with notes filling every margin, as she put on her stockings. Her hair was hopeless. There wasn't time to salvage the crumpled curls, so she twisted the the tangled mess into a painfully tight bun and clipped back her cowlicked bangs. A little makeup to cover the circles under her eyes. Good enough, she thought, giving herself a final once over in the bathroom's full-length mirror. She threw on her coat as she crossed the common room, pushed open the door, and collided with something solid and unexpected. Gale leapt back in time to keep the coffee in his hand from sloshing onto her dress. "You forgot you keys," he said, holding them out to her. "And I thought you might need this," he added, offering up the coffee cup as well. "Um, thanks," said Madge, taking the keys, and then the coffee. The paper cup was hot, fresh from the kiosk. As far as she remembered, he'd never given her anything before, not so much as paperclip. "No problem, Undersee," said Gale. "I owed you something. Better get going. Don't want to keep your audience waiting." Right, the recital. She'd forgotten about it for a second. Gale had that effect on her. He was a bad influence. Reminded of her responsibilities, she darted around him, moving at only a half-sprint, so as not to spill the coffee. "Just picture them in their underwear," shouted Gale, leaning against the door to her room, right where she'd left him. "That's what I used to do with you at all those recitals last year." Madge flipped him off as she rounded the corner and hit the steps, taking them two at a time. Just a few things: 1) I'm currently plotting out the sequel to Procreate, since it's going to be a bit more complex than the first installment, so expect to suffer an indeterminate waiting period. 2) Which leads us to the second thing...Here's a contemporary AU to hopefully hold you over. I've been wanting to dabble into this area for awhile now, so you might see more of these before the grand unveiling of Procreate's sequel. 3) Lastly, I regret to inform anyone reading "Riches to Rags," that the story is on a definite hiatus. I'm way too involved with all of the AU stuff to write canon at the moment. Over and out, fellow Gadge lovers :)