When you're thirteen, after the physical and the death list and the weapons test, the trainers put you in a room with a small furry creature. It looks up at you with big, dark eyes, too stupid to know you're going to hurt it because it's lived in a cage its entire life behind hand-fed so that it trusts humans and won't run away. The point of the test isn't to spend half an hour trying to chase a panicked squirrel around as it bounds from wall to wall. The trainer stands in front of you with a clipboard. "Your final test —" he starts to say. Before he can finish his sentence, you grab the squirrel, snap its neck in your hands, and toss the still body onto the floor before it can start to cool. "Done," you say. "Can I move into the dorms now?" The trainer presses his lips thin. "There's a week waiting period —" " Now ," you say, and the words curl into a snarl. A pause, then the trainer sighs. "As long as the paperwork's in order," he says, "then I suppose you can move in tomorrow." He signs the papers the next morning, and the less you think about that night, the better. You can't remember the last time you cried — or rather, you can't tease it apart, all those nights blur together in a mix of helpless rage and despair — but you remember this one because it makes no sense. You're in the Centre office with the Head Trainer and another as witness, and you sign your name on the thick white paper and you say the oath with your fist over your chest, and everything is exactly how you thought it would be. The Head Trainer smiles and hands you a brand new uniform, folded in crisp lines, and tells you that someone will show you to your new room. "Does it lock?" you burst out. That's not what you're meant to say, you're supposed to say thank you and it's an honour and I'll do my district proud , but oh well, too late now. He blinks. "Your room? Yes, of course it locks." That's when you cry. The next few years are good. You don't have to be the best, just good enough to stay, and that's not hard. You're strong and you're smart and you're fearless; there's nothing anyone can do to you that's worse than what you've already seen. You don't make friends, but that's okay because you're not meant to. You don't have to worry about anyone touching you because they keep the boys away and there are plenty of other girls to kiss for those who want to, they don't need to pester the stuck-up bitch who doesn't talk to anyone. The trainers sigh at your acting scores, but you're done acting, done pretending and saying what other people tell you to and nothing is going to change that. And so they sigh, but your combat skills are top shelf and your kills have the highest rating in your year, and that's what matters. Besides, the boys don't have to act, every other male tribute from Two is a stony-faced behemoth who barely says a full sentence in one go, so it really is pretty hypocritical to demand that the girls all be excellent at showmanship. It's good until one day in the winter of your senior year, when a group of you are talking during free time, the kind of conversation that's low and half-whispered while you all look around to make sure the trainers aren't listening. One of the girls tells you about District 1, about the rumours of what they have to do to pay back their win. You listen and a cold, creeping horror spreads through you, freezing you from the inside out. "I'd die if that happened to me," says another. "Can you even imagine? There's no going back from that, how could anyone ever get over it?" "I know I couldn't," says a third. "It would ruin every relationship after that forever. Nobody wants to be with someone with that kind of trauma, it's too much pressure, and no guy wants damaged goods anyway." "I'd rather die than be a victim for the rest of my life," says the second, tossing her curls for emphasis. For a second the world turns white and shifts beneath you, but you dig your nails into your palm and everything settles. "Me too," you say, and they all glance at you, surprised. They probably didn't realize you were even listening, since you never talk during free time. When your name appears on the Volunteer list three days later, you're smart enough to recognize the sign. You should be scared, probably, or worried, or pressured, or something, but instead all you feel is peace and calm, maybe for the first time in your life. Six more months, you think, standing there in silence while the others shout and cheer, and some clap you on the back and some glare at you and some stand in the corner and whisper. Six more months and this will all be over for good. You cross the square and climb the stairs and stare out at the crowd as the escort swoops in with the microphone and a flurry of glitter loosed from her hair. You wonder if he's out there, watching, what he's thinking as he looks at your image projected on the giant screen off to the side. If he'd be proud, or angry, or frightened. If he'd even recognize you at all. "What's your name, dear?" the escort titters. "Sloane," you say, loud and strong and clear. Your voice bounces back to you from the wall at the back of the square, and you raise your head and bare your teeth for the cameras. You are Sloane, of District 2. The name Sloane means warrior, and Sloane will never be afraid again.