gaze and holds it, lets her see that he is choosing to show her mercy. A stallion does not choose the moment of its taming; only its master can do that, and while Seneca is not exactly patient, he has learned the value of biding his time when necessary. "The interruption has, I'm afraid, made me lose my appetite for the evening," Seneca says, waving a hand and affecting unconcern. "You may escort the lady out. I'm sure she can find her way home." "I'm sure you can get your money back if you ask nicely," Johanna shoots back on her way through the door. That night Seneca's fury eats away at him, consuming him from the inside out like maggots writhing in a corpse. She's not who he thought she was; the brilliant, manipulative girl who took all of Panem by the throat and forced them to sit up and take notice, who crawled to Victory through a wave of blood and smoke and entrails, she can be undone by something as easily as the pressures of victory themselves. She would take death over the glory her life could be - a life in his bed, at his side, under his protection, until the next Quarter Quell and beyond - and he thought her more than this. She would likely call it bravery, but Seneca has seen such bravery before. He calls it commonplace. In the end, Johanna Mason is just another tribute, just like the rest of them; the only difference is that unlike the others, she had the gall to tell him no , and Seneca will not stand for that. Not from her. Not from anyone. The President calls him in the next morning. Seneca stands in his office with a ring of bruises purpling his throat, a bandage over the knife wound and a plaster over the wound above his eyebrow. He stands battered but unbowed, and Seneca is not so foolish that he doesn't notice the amusement that curls the President's lips into a small smile, and less foolish still than to react to it. He miscalculated, and likely the President saw it. It's a test of Seneca's resolve, like everything else that has been set before him. "I can have your payment rescinded and returned to you from her winnings," says the President, and he is definitely amused, but while it rankles like rubbing velvet against the grain, Seneca does not take the bait. "That will not be necessary, sir," Seneca says, holding himself straight, his shoulders back. "Instead I would beg your indulgence for something else." "Oh?" One pale eyebrow lifts. "And what is that?" "I assume she's to be punished for her insolence." "Indeed. A direct assault on a Gamemaker is enough to order her execution, if you want to push for it." Seneca smiles. He cannot have her, he sees that now - he never could, because Johanna Mason will not be tamed. She will never be his; he will never know the joy of taking her to pieces and putting her back together in a way that teaches him to honour him, fear him, love him. She cannot be won, but she can and will be broken. "Let me choose the punishment instead," Seneca says. "And once it's done, let her know exactly what she did to deserve it, and give her as many years as fate allows to ponder that decision." "My, my," says President Snow, cocking his head, and for the first time he looks at Seneca with the first spark of something that might, in time, develop into respect. "Seneca Crane, I believe I'm beginning to see the full weight of your potential." The Mason home burns while its Victors is called away for an engagement; the fire is Capitol-made, manufactured to continue even after the house and its occupants have long been consumed, so that when Johanna returns it's to the smoke and the crackle and roar of the bonfire. It dies instantly when she shrieks and flings herself toward the flames in a predictable attempt to turn the fire of execution into her own pyre, and she's left with the whisper of wind through ashes. Seneca watches from his seat in the hovercraft, hovering invisibly above the house, as Johanna sinks to her knees before the single white sheet of paper that sits, pristine, amid the blackened rubble. The cameras zoom in on her shaking hands, the slump of her shoulders as she reads the legal document absolving her of any duty as social companion in the Capitol from here on, for the rest of her natural life. She traces her fingers over the elegant swoop of Seneca's signature - handwritten, no secretarial stamps for something this crucial - before she flings it away and turns her face to the sky, just as she did at the end of her Games, only this time it is not mad triumph that tears the screams from her mouth. It's not beneath his fingers that Johanna Mason breaks, but it's by his hand all the same. Seneca Crane is nothing if not practical, and instead of caressing her skin he lets his fingers brush the white rose in his lapel. A gift from the President, a token of his esteem, like the piece of paper in Seneca's breast pocket appointing him to apprentice under the Head Gamemaker with the intent of taking over when he retires after the 70th. And all because of the girl who rages below him. Seneca would have given her everything, anything she wanted, once he'd made her his, but now he gives her what he can: the greatest lesson she will ever hope to learn, and all the years she will ever have to feel it. Below him, Johanna smears her face with soot and flings curses at the sky, and Father was right. She is even more beautiful now. "Home, Dietrich," Seneca says to the pilot, and switches off the screen.