than anyone from any of the other, lesser districts. Even if she'd likely tear his head off as say hello if she saw him now, it would be nice for something Hank had a hand in to make good. And no matter what she thinks, he would never wish death on her. He always wanted the best for her, back in the day; it's what she never understood then. Five years of learning how to be a murderer sure wouldn't change that. He stays until the screens shut off, then turns and kicks a rock all the way back to catch the train for home. Amanda Sullivan lost her sister to the Games when she was fourteen years old, and she's never forgotten. It's a badge of honour that Amanda will carry with her until she's dead in the ground, even if Sloane shed her surname when she entered Residential and never mentioned Amanda by name once in all her camera-time. The recruiters came to the children's home when Amanda was just a baby. She doesn't remember but Sloane told her, when she was old enough to understand, that there was a reason the caretakers didn't hit them when they sometimes smacked the other kids. The Centre paid the orphanage a stipend to look after Sloane, and by extension Amanda, to keep them safe and healthy. The caretakers were afraid that if Sloane wasn't happy then the money would stop. It made sense to Amanda; why should the caretakers deserve to get anything from Sloane's training if half the marks on her didn't come from the Program kids at all? The fear of the Centre kept the caretakers' hands to themselves, even after Sloane went into Residential, because the money kept coming until Sloane graduated. Amanda will never, ever repay that debt. Sloane did, the only way she could: she went into the Arena as a tribute for District Two and didn't make it home a Victor. While Amanda still aches at the thought of losing her, she's never been prouder of anyone. Sloane fought and died for her sister and her district. In recognition, the Centre gave Amanda - as her only living family - the condolence payout and a small apartment near her school for the next five years. They even helped her find a job once she hit the legal age. People - stupid people, short-sighted people - call the Centre a death trap under their breaths, but they don't understand. They don't see what it does for children who have no way out, children who are desperate and angry and helpless. How it takes them and heals them and makes them strong, gives them confidence and helps them make something of themselves. Amanda became a teacher with the reference letter the Centre gave her. She's spent her life looking out for those children, the ones with no one to look out for them. She dedicated her all to guiding them to the place that will turn their lives around. She never sees most of them again, the way it should be - the Centre takes them at thirteen and becomes their family - but a few have found her after. They're Peacekeepers, or doctors, or politicians, and they tell her they never would've found their way to where they are now if she hadn't helped them find the Centre. A lot of Centre washouts go right back to the lives they left regardless of what the recruiting pamphlets say - they end up quarriers or factory workers like the rest of the blue-collar population - but not the ones Amanda finds. She has a knack for the special, the ones deserving of the best placements available. It keeps Amanda going, keeps the memory of Sloane alive, as the years pass and one decade turns into two. There was one girl, one girl who sticks in Amanda's memory like a splinter, a girl with the worst, most terrible parents imaginable. A girl with a fire in her eyes so bright that not even daily beatings could quench it, a girl with brilliance and potential and a soul that ripped Amanda's out. Amanda thinks more about her than most. She'll pass her final Reaping soon - this year, or maybe next, Amanda lost count - and like all the others the Centre will find her a place where she's meant to be. The girl this year, Lyme, standing in for a shivering, terrified thirteen-year-old with her hair in pigtails, reminds Amanda a little of Madeline. She could be Madeline, almost, but for the size of her and the different name. She looks out at the crowd with a cool arrogance that's much calmer than Madeline's barely-restrained fury, but they're alike enough for the comparison. Amanda thinks back to that girl with a fondness that the years have not managed to temper. Wherever she goes, Madeline will be brilliant, and like her, this girl - whether she wins or loses - will give the Capitol a fine show and represent District Two in a way that will make them all proud. Amanda has a sense of these things. None of the children Amanda's helped have ever made it to the Reaping, but that's the way it should be. She gave her sister freely and without regrets; the boys and girls she's saved since then are meant to mend the missing pieces in Amanda's life, not be further sacrifices. The Centre takes in many and only asks for the ultimate price from a precious few; the ones Amanda finds are the ones meant for something other than the Games. "I like this one," says Dan in a low voice as the escort drones on and Lyme ignores the prattle with a Career's practiced disregard. "We should see if we can't send her something later, pitch in for some water or a tinderbox, maybe." "Yes, let's," Amanda says, leaning her head against his shoulder. "I've got a good feeling about her."