liking how his lips there felt so good. His tentiveness made me feel special like a diamond. He kept placing kisses along my jawline and I kept caressing his hair slowly. Then he started walking backwards, also bringing me with him, not breaking the kiss. I found myself on the bed with him, him on top of me. I didn't even know what we were doing or for how long we were going to keep kissing each other. Not that I cared. This feeling was new to me and I liked it. I saw myself as a monster but even I deserved to get away from everything for a few minutes. I deserved to forget about everything for a while. When he stopped kissing me abruptly, I felt empty. As if he was filling a hole in my soul while kissing me. Maybe in a way, he really did fill a hole in my soul. I just didn't want this to end. But I had no courage left in me to continue this. The reality fell down on me and what I have done with Finnick Odair started sinking in. I kissed him. He was not Peeta and I kissed him. People were dying out there and I kissed him. Just a moment ago I didn't give a shit but now I couldn't feel any more guilty. "I… I got caught up in the moment, Katniss." He mumbled and he lay on his side, putting some distance between us. I bit my tongue to not ask him why he stopped . Of course he would stop. The love of his life was being held by Peacemakers. My love of my life was being held by Peacemakers. This wasn't right. "Me too, I guess." I said and it suddenly turned into an awkward silence between us. It was disturbing. I thought I did something wrong and appearently so did he. But why did it bother me? Why thinking that he thought it was wrong bothered me so much? Without saying anything, I sat up straight, ready to leave the bed. Then he wrapped his hand around my wrist and stopped me. His thumb was caressing my forehand. "It's not what you think, Katniss. I didn't stop because I thought it was wrong." Did I talk out loud again? Seriously? "How did you—" "Your face gives you away, Katniss. Remember? You're an open book." He replied and gave me an award winning smile of his. "I stopped because you were thinking it was wrong." I sighed and closed my eyes, knowing I screwed things up. "This isn't right though, is it?" I asked him, returning his gaze. "I mean, Annie is being held by the Peacemakers and so is Peeta. We can't do this to them ." Once again, I was thinking about them rather than thinking about myself. Maybe I had to be selfish to be happy. But then again, how could I know what happiness felt like? A few minutes ago, I felt happy but was it really happiness I felt? Or was it what people called lust ? How did people distinguish them anyway? "I know. But still… It felt good." he said and held my hand, pulling it to his lips. He kissed my knuckle gently and looked at me. "I haven't felt like that for a long time. Thank you." I blushed like a teenage girl with a crush and looked away from him. Even in darkness, I bet he could see my tomato-red face. He wouldn't make fun of it of course, but I still didn't want him to see his affection on me. He let go of my hand and turned around to my side. We were now face to face. I could see his eyes sparkling and a small smile on his lips. Then he wrapped his arm around my waist, holding me closer. I could feel his hot breath on my face when he gently whispered "Goodnight, Katniss." "Goodnight Finnick." I whispered back and let my eyelids close. And for the first time in a very long time, I didn't see any nightmares. That's when I understood Finnick was my anchor . I held onto him to keep holding on to life . It was weird but it made sense because he was the only one who could actually understand me. Seems like the only thing Haymitch did right was to set us up as allies . I would thank him for that later. For now, I just wanted Finnick by my side. With him, I was stronger. With him, I could bear all this crap. With him, I could actually smile . I held him while sleeping like my life depended on it. Well, at least my sanity depended on it. He was the only one keeping me in one piece. I needed him more than I needed anyone else. Nobody would understand me if I told them that but it was the truth. The Finnick Odair was my friend—or more than a friend, I dunno—and I appreciated it. I needn't think any further. I didn't know what was ahead of us tomorrow, I didn't know how we were going to survive this, I didn't know how we were going to save Peeta and Annie… I basically knew nothing whatsoever. But in the light of the new day, we could somehow manage all of them, right? The odds were not in our favor but we had hope . I stopped thinking finally when I drifted off to a nice, peaceful sleep. Tomorrow is tomorrow. And tonight, I just needed sleep. xx Well… I guess this turned out to be a lot faster than I thought it would, but, this is a one-shot so it is acceptable, right? Anyways, I hope you like it and I'd appreciate it if you left a review about your opinions on this fanfiction. They make my day and they are my inspiration. Til next time… xoxo Louvreangel