them home only when his family is gone. If he's a friend, he wonders what Gale had been. "No, I like card games," he assures her, determined to steer away from those avenues of thought. "I'm just surprised. You don't seem like the type." "I like to play," she says with a smile, and he knows that she said it with nothing but innocent intentions, but it sends a jolt of heat straight to his groin nonetheless. "Alright," he says. "Let's play." . They settle onto the couch and she teaches him a game called gin rummy. Peeta keeps mixing up the rules, and she thinks it's funny, but he wonders what she'd think if she knew it was because all he can concentrate on is the curve of her neck and the swell of her breasts. Eventually, he gives up fighting it. Instead of taking his turn, he sets his cards down, scoots closer and captures her mouth in a kiss, running his hands around her waist. Her own cards flutter to the floor. Peeta leans her back, her dark hair fanning over the pillow at the end of the couch. They kiss for a while, but the tension never leaves her limbs, and he realizes her feet are still planted on the floor beneath them. She's twisted at the waist, and it can't be comfortable. "Put your feet up," he says gently, and she does, shifting them onto the cushions. He settles between her legs, his pelvis resting against hers, and he holds back a groan. Every other time they've kissed there were so many layers between them, boots and sweaters and coats and gloves, and now there's just the thin fabric of their shirts and their pants. Now he can feel the heat of her body, the rise and fall of her chest, her heartbeat pounding beneath her ribcage. Peeta kisses her deeply, his tongue edging into her hot mouth, and he shivers slightly as her cool hands run over his lower back, beneath his shirt. He whispers kisses across her jawline, her earlobe, before he settles on her neck, sucking gently at the soft skin. "Oh," Katniss gasps lightly, stretching her head back, and he sucks harder, breathing roughly against her neck. He's so lost in the taste of her, the feel of her, that he doesn't realize his hips are moving at all until she grips them in her hands, pausing their steady motion. He's hard. He freezes, embarrassed, certain that she'll kick him out now, never look at him again. But she doesn't. Tentatively, she lifts her own hips up into his, his erection pressing against the heat between her legs. He moans her name into her neck and she squeezes her legs around him tighter. Peeta kisses her again, a long kiss, and he pulls back to look her in the eyes. "I'm not...I don't...I didn't come here just to do this," he stammers. "I don't only want..." "I know," she says, and he can't read her expression; it could be fear, excitement, lust, anything. Not for the first time he thinks that no matter how close he gets to Katniss Everdeen, he'll never know her. But for the first time, it scares him. "Okay," he says, and he dips his head to her collarbone. . Somewhere along the way, Peeta's shirt ends up on the floor. He pulls back, fingering the hem of hers nervously. He's seen a girl's breasts before, but this is different. This is the girl. He brushes her hair back from her face with his other hand. "Can I?" Katniss sucks in a breath, then slowly nods. She sits forward and he pulls the fabric over her head; it feels like unwrapping a gift. But his face falls when he sees what he's uncovered. "Oh, Katniss," he says without thinking, flooded with concern. "You're so thin. " She looks startled, then scowls, wrapping her arms around her middle, attempting to cover herself. "I'm fine," she says, but he can see the faint ridge of her ribcage peeking between her fingers. "I didn't know," he whispers, thinking of her game bag, how it grew lighter and lighter with the passing weeks, of the rope he'd seen knotted around her hips until she'd started buttoning her coat all the way against the winter chill. She'd been giving her food away - to her family, to Gale's family, to him. And he'd taken it, every time. "I'm fine," she repeats, voice trembling, and she reaches for her shirt. "Give it back. You don't -" Then the front door opens. "Katniss?" Prim makes it halfway to the darkened living room before she realizes there's another person in the room with them - a half-naked person. "Oh! Oh no! I'm sorry!" Katniss scrambles away from Peeta, clutching a pillow over her chest. "Prim," she gasps out, "What are you doing here?" "Mom needed more ointment!" the younger girl calls, already in another room. "I swear I'll be gone in thirty seconds!" Katniss grabs her shirt from the floor, her entire body shaking. Peeta finds his own discarded shirt and pulls it over his head. "See? I'm gone. Bye!" Blocking her view of the living room with her hand, Prim makes a beeline for the door. "Bye," Katniss answers half-heartedly. Peeta tries to meet her eyes, but she avoids him determinedly. "Should I...go?" he finally asks. Long seconds pass. "I think so, yeah." He nods, but doesn't move. "I don't want to," he admits. She stares at her hands, then bends down and begins to pick up the playing cards they'd knocked to the floor. "You should," she says quietly. He does. . Katniss doesn't meet him next Sunday. Or the next, or the next, or the next. Thanks for reading! This is part 1 of 2. Not sure when the second half will be done, but I really wanted to write an AU exploring what would happen if Gale died in the games.