Far too late. "Of course you won't be forgotten," he adds, a little too sharp, but Felix just smiles at him, startled and pleased. "Mentors never forget. And it doesn't matter, because you're going to win. You've got great odds. Your skills are solid. I have more sponsors than I know what to do with. You're going to win, you're going to come back, and I've been beating away the new Victors for ten years because the house next to me is saved for you." Felix sucks in a breath. "You remember that?" "I told you," Devon says, and something in his chest shatters. "Mentors don't forget." "You really think I can do it?" Felix asks, but his eyes have gone steely now, faraway and focused on the prize, not the room around him. Devon reminds himself that Felix didn't smile his way to the top slot out of a hundred possible candidates. "I know you can do it." Devon smiles, broad and encouraging and edged with poison. "Just remember what I told you. You're not there to be flashy, so don't give in to the pressure to make it entertaining or do something stupid because you think the sponsors will like it. Just do your job, make the kills, and you'll do fine." Felix nods. "I - can I tell you something else?" he says in a low voice, and Devon nods. "I feel like - like I'm meant to be here. I know that sounds stupid, but I really do. All of this feels right." "That's good," Devon says. "Remember that feeling because you're absolutely right. You're the best of the best and you'll be the best again. All you have to do is fight, and I've got ten years of top results that say you can." Felix beams at him, and Devon slips sleeping pills into the milkshake he makes for him and stays until he's down. DISTRICT TWO, MALE Day: seventeen. Career pack: separated. Tributes remaining: six. Time: 4:16am. Cause: muttation attack, primate type. Duration: twenty-three minutes. Performance: satisfactory Mentor commendation: recommended The train whirrs along the tracks at two hundred-fifty miles per hour, humming instead of rattling like the intra-district passenger lines that chug and shake and sway. You know you're on a train when you travel through Two; this is removed, surreal almost, scenery flashing past too fast to see, less like riding a train and more like a dream you can't wake up from. Devon and Lyme sit on opposite ends of the car, each next to a plain pine box. Lyme's on the floor with her forehead against the side, and she's talking in a low murmur, too quiet for Devon to hear even if he wasn't deeply invested in giving her privacy. Only once does Lyme's voice rise up loud enough that Devon can't block it out, twisted with rage and tears and dark satisfaction - he can't fucking touch you now, at least - before falling back down. Devon sits next to the casket on the long bench, trailing his hand back and forth over the lid like he would Felix's back if he were here and needed soothing. A splinter snags in his finger but he keeps going, the tiny prick and ache grounding him. "Here's what I didn't tell you," Devon says to the air, and he stares out the window and registers nothing. "The night before I mean, here's what I didn't say. Here's what's going to happen. I'll hand you over to the mortuary department to get things ready. While they're doing that, your name will go up on the Wall of Sacrifice in the Centre. They'll give me an electric chisel and I'll carve it into the brass myself. It's not a ceremony, no cameras or speeches. Just me and you one last time. I'll contact your family, ask if they want to see you. Maybe they will, maybe they won't. Most don't, don't feel bad." He leans back and tips his head until it thunks against the polished wood behind him. "We'll take the car out to the field. The Centre takes care of all that, so they'll have it ready by the time we get there. They'll give me the shovel because the mentor always throws the first bit of dirt over the coffin. After that they'll take over. I'll wait until the ground is packed, and the last thing I'll do before I leave is toss a handful of flower seeds over top. I already called ahead and ordered, so I know they'll be there. Then I'll go home and find my girl and tell her all about you so she'll remember, too." The sliver jabs hard into the pad of his finger, and Devon winces but doesn't bother picking it out. "The flowers will start to grow pretty fast. They'll lie dormant over the winter, and it'll be cold, sure, but you won't mind. Then next spring when the sun comes back and the birds start singing it'll be blue flowers everywhere. Forget-me-nots, just like I promised." He closes his eyes against the sting. "You'll like it there, don't worry." "Knew you'd be here, so I held it for you," says Tobias, waving Devon over to the seat. "You got the sample?" "Yep." Devon hands over the scrap of paper with Felix's signature from the graduation paperwork, sits on the chair and rolls up his pant leg. Three names are inked into the skin of his calf in three different hands: TREVOR, ELECTRA, CONNOR. "The usual, if you don't mind." "I liked this one, too," Tobias says absently, holding the paper up to the light to study the scrawls and swirls. "I'll give you one thing, Mr. Devon, you know how to pick 'em." Devon leans back and closes his eyes. "Yeah," he says, probably too low for Tobias to hear, but he's got his pen and is tracing Felix's name on Devon's shin and doesn't respond. "I guess I do."