when she bumps into Nero on his way in to use the weights. "Hey Petra," he says, friendly as always, and Petra gives him a polite nod. She doesn't interact with Nero much, he and his whole line of Victors are a little too irreverent, too unconcerned with district loyalty for Petra to spend much time with them in any comfort, but she has no problem with Nero himself. He's a good mentor and brings in more sponsor money than half the other Victors combined, and he's never patronized Petra or made her feel weak even though he's the only Two bigger than Brutus. But then it happens. Nero glances up, and Petra tells herself not to, wills herself to stare past him at the snowy Village beyond, but it's too late. Up, up, up her gaze turns, up to the stupid spray of mistletoe dangling from the lamp at the edge of the basketball court. "Mentor fucker !" Petra spits out, and slams her cane down hard enough that it cracks the thin layer of ice beneath her feet. "I hate this!" "Aw, Petra—" Nero says, and his youngest Victor is Enobaria which means he's well versed in all kinds of ways to placate former killers out of having temper tantrums but Petra can't bear to hear it, not today. "Hey," calls out a voice from across the court, and Emory jogs over, wearing cleated sneakers and a sweater over her workout gear despite the subzero temperature. "Is that a challenge?" Nero frowns. "Yeah, but —" Emory comes to a stop in front of them, breath puffing white in front of her. She's Petra's oldest Victor-sibling, Brutus' first, and Petra might have scoffed in private at her mediocre Games showing when she was a stupid, arrogant teenager but now she admires Emory more than anyone but their mentor himself. "Petra, will you accept a champion?" Emory asks, putting on a lilting accent and sweeping her arm out in a bow. "I would be happy to fight on your behalf." The urge to fight still burns under Petra's skin like the time the Centre injected her with capsaicin to test her pain tolerance, but Nero's eyebrows have crept up his head and Emory smiles at her, warm and supporting, and the itch actually fades. "Yes, of course," Petra says, and she holds out her cane and touches Emory on one shoulder, then the other. "I would be honoured to accept you as my champion." "Ha," Nero says, grinning. His neck is the size of Emory's bicep but she doesn't back down, only cracks her neck from side to side and stretches out her arms in a theatrical show of preparation. "You're on then," he says, and tips and invisible hat to Petra. "This is for you, girl." "For you, my lady," Emory says to Petra, blowing her an invisible kiss, and the warmth in Petra's chest expands until she thinks she'll burst. "On three," Petra calls out, since while she's here she may as well adjudicate, and the two of them fall into matching ready stances. The mistletoe festivities end when a representative from Victor Affairs delivers an official statement from the Village's official doctor, refusing to treat any more physical injuries until the end of the year. She'd attached the butcher's bill to the letter, a list of all the bones set, all the limbs splinted, every gash stitched and socket relocated, and threatened to come down and personally sedate all of them until the end of the holidays if the madness did not stop. Ronan reads the letter aloud at the town hall meeting, looking out at the sea of bruised cheeks, swollen eyes and bent noses. "I think that concludes our newest solstice tradition," he says. "I'd say being banned by a medical professional makes this year's Harvest Festival a rounding success. Let's hear it for our enterprising holiday entrepreneurs!" Misha and Devon both stand and bow — both of them sporting twin black eyes, Devon a butterfly bandage on one cheek — as the others applaud. Ronan waves them back to their seats, then raises his hand to gather everyone's attention. "I propose a corollary tradition — finding every last piece of mistletoe, real or plastic or embroidered or what have you, and bringing them to the square for a celebratory bonfire. All those in favour?" The Village votes unanimous, and Ronan announces the meeting adjourned. "I bet I find more than you," Misha says to Devon as they begin to file out of the hall. "I bet you don't!" Devon shoots back. "Whoever finds the fewest bits of mistletoe eats my laundry!" Misha shouts to the hall at large, then kisses Devon, trips him, and weaves past the others to tear out into the snow. Devon swears, picks himself up, and races after her. "That is not —" Ronan starts, but then as one after another Victor grins in challenge, he sighs and drops his hand. "All right, fine, the Victor with the most mistletoe at the end of the night is the ultimate winner of the Harvest Festival," he says. "Just no bodily harm if you can help it, please." "Me and my kids against yours," Brutus challenges Lyme, who throws up a vulgar gesture with two fingers in response, and they rush out with the others. Ronan takes the long way back to his house, moving slowly and sedately across the snow-laden paths, listening to the chaos as his children tear through the Village. He lowers himself down onto his front stoop, joints creaking, and reaches over to pet his hounds when they push through the dog door and flop down next to him. "Happy Harvest," Ronan says to his dogs, to the Village, to his Victors as they race through the trees like children, and to the giant pile of mistletoe beneath his porch that he gathered before the meeting and stuffed into a large burlap sack. "Snow bless us, every one."