friends, and he and the Hawthornes are the closest thing to a family Prim and I have got left. Gale and I grew up together, and his mom Hazelle helped take care of Prim and I after…" "After?" Katniss shook her head. "Listen to me chattering on. I don't usually talk so much about myself." She looked embarrassed. "I don't mind. I'd like to get to know you better, Katniss." Feeling encouraged by the way she was opening up to him, Peeta reached out and touched her hand. She smiled at him but after a few seconds casually pulled her hand away. "I hardly know anything about you. Tell me more about your family, Peeta." Peeta took the hint that she wanted to change the subject. Trying not to be disappointed that she'd rebuffed his simple touch, he told her about his elderly grandmother who was still alive, and his dad and his two older brothers back home. He mentioned his plans to return and help run the family bakery and hopefully expand it when he was finished college. He avoided the subject of his mother. "Hey you two!" Finnick appeared behind them like a grinning fool and winked broadly at Peeta. He looked pleased with himself. "How are things going over here?" "They're going just fine, Finn." Peeta cringed and glanced back at Katniss, noticing she was beginning to blush again. He could have kicked Finnick. "Glad to hear it. It's time to kick this party up a notch. How about some music?" Finnick shouted, and was met by cheers. Someone switched some music on and a few people began to dance where they stood. "Sorry about that," Peeta said. "Finn can get a little excitable at times." Katniss laughed. "It's okay, Peeta. He probably found the rum I used to spice the cider with. Mix college kids and alcohol and this was bound to turn into a party by the end of the night." "This isn't really your scene though, is it?" he asked. Katniss wrinkled her nose. "No, not really. Annie makes me go out sometimes, but big crowds or college parties are not my thing." "So what is your thing?" Peeta asked. Feeling bolder, he leaned closer so he could hear her over the increasing volume of the music, their knees bumping together. He couldn't believe how open Katniss had been with him already tonight. It looked like Finnick was right after all. Maybe he had been overthinking this all along, when all he'd needed to do was relax. "My favourite place to be is out in the woods back home in Seam. The less people around, the better." "Really? What do you do out there?" "I hunt. Rabbit, squirrel, sometimes I'll bag a wild turkey. There is a lake for fishing in and swimming when it's hot. Sometimes I'll climb the tallest tree I can find and just sit up there and think. It's my happy place." "It sounds beautiful." "It is. It's home." Katniss looked wistful. "I like going to school, but I miss the green of the woods." "Is green your favourite color?" Peeta smiled, finishing of his cup of cider. He was beginning to feel very good. "Yes, how did you guess?" Katniss laughed. Peeta shrugged. "The look on your face when you said you missed it gave you away. Guess what mine is." "Oh, I don't know," she stared into his eyes for a long moment, "blue?" she guessed. "No," it was his turn to laugh, "it's orange. But soft, like the sunset." "That's a pretty color." Katniss remarked. "Sunsets look amazing from the top of a tall tree." "I'd like to see that someday," he murmured, looking deep into her eyes. He could get lost in them. "Maybe someday you will," she murmured, looking back just as intently. Peeta tore his eyes away and looked around at the growing crowd; it looked like word of this party had begun to spread as more people began to arrive. He exhaled slowly and gathered his nerves, deciding now was probably the right time to make his move. He turned back to her. "It's beginning to get really loud in here. Would you like to get out of here with me? We could go somewhere a little more private." "W-What?" Katniss looked both startled and a little horrified by his suggestion. "No, wait.. no.. it's not what you think!" Peeta laughed nervously and ran a hand through his hair, realizing the way that sounded. "I meant, would you like to go get some hot chocolate with me? It's getting hard to talk in here and I know a quiet little place not too far away that's open all night. We could talk there. I go there to study sometimes or when I need a break from Finn for a while…" "I heard that!" Finnick yelled as he passed by them and poked Peeta in the ribs, making him yelp. Katniss giggled. Actually giggled, and Peeta's heart swelled with happiness at the sound. This girl was going to be the death of him. "Alright." Katniss nodded her agreement, her gorgeous gray eyes sparkling with amusement. "I think Annie can handle things here. I like hot chocolate. And quiet places. And…" she bit her lip and looked up at him a little shyly, "I like talking to you. I think that would be nice." "So, you'll allow it?" Peeta couldn't believe this was really happening. She was saying yes. She wanted to keep talking to him. "I will." Peeta grinned. "Let's go then." He climbed to his feet and held out his hand to her. This time, Katniss took it and entwined her fingers with his. Thanks go to IzzySamson for pre-reading and advising, to Court81918 for her always appreciated beta skills, and to MissHoneywell for hosting yet another wonderfully successful round of "Prompts in Panem". I hope all my readers had a lovely Christmas, and I wish you all a very Happy New Year.