calisthenics and gotten ready for bed, Creed slips down from the top bunk and flops down next to Alec. "Hey," he says. "Were you mad at me before?" Alec frowns in the darkness. He rolls onto his back and stares at the bottom of the mattress above him, lifts his legs until his feet touch the slats and pushes up. "I don't know," he says. Mad is easy, it's a hot ball in his stomach that makes him want to do a bunch of things he shouldn't, and whatever happened to him this afternoon feels a lot more messy. "You'll be seven soon," Creed says. "Then it will be your turn to go to the Centre and have a big party and it will be great." Alec isn't so sure. A lot of things are only exciting the first time, and maybe turning seven and joining the Program will be like that. Dad always says that Alec can't just imitate Creed and expect everyone to be proud, he has to try even harder. But seven is a long way away and Mom likes to say that worrying never made tomorrow less terrible, it just makes today terrible, too. "You probably won't come to my party when I turn seven," Alec says. He's kidding, and he drives his elbow into Creed's side to prove it, but the words come out a little meaner than he meant them to, like biting into a slice of lemon. "You'll have all your Centre friends and you'll be almost nine and seven will be real boring. You'll want to play with your new friends and do nine-year-old things instead." Creed sits up fast enough he almost hits his head on the bedpost. "That's not true! I'm your brother, I'm not just going to forget you! Why would you say that?" Answering that would mean words, and right now the words keep tangling in Alec's mind, so instead he shoves Creed off the bed and rolls after him. Creed yelps when he hits the floor, then howls when Alec lands on top of him, and he flips them over and starts a wrestling match. They bang into the bed and the dresser and one of the desks, and Alec still has no words but the gross feelings fade a little and he starts laughing instead. Creed smacks his head hard off the bottom of the bed and spits out a bunch of words that one of Dad's friends said when he accidentally dropped firewood on his foot during a cookout earlier that summer, and then he's laughing too. "What are you boys doing?" Dad demands from the doorway. They must teach how to move quietly at the Centre or the Peacekeeping Academy because Dad is big but Alec never hears him coming. Alec freezes for a second, then he and Creed spring apart, breathing hard. Blood trickles down from Creed's nose, shiny and black in the dim light from the hallway, and when Alec pokes the skin under his eye he winces at the twinge of pain. That's both sides of his face now. "Who started this?" Dad asks. "I did," Alec says immediately. He's not sure really — he pushed Creed first but it was Creed and the party and the Centre and everything else that made him do it — but it's never good to hesitate. Except that Creed says it at the same time, then makes a gross snorting sound as he tries to hold back his laughter through his bloody nose. Alec presses both hands over his mouth. Dad shakes his head. "My boys," he says, and he gives Alec the sort of look that says if Creed weren't here he'd be in more trouble. "Wipe those grins off your faces and get to sleep, both of you. Creed has a big day tomorrow. Don't keep him up, Alec." Alec pushes himself to his feet, wobbling a little. "Yes sir. Sorry." "I don't want your 'sorry', Alec, I want your obedience, understood?" Alec's cheek twitches, and he makes himself stand up straight. "Yes sir," he says again, and knows better than to add another 'sorry'. One says you mean it; any more and it's just trying to get out of trouble. They both climb back into bed, Creed with a wad of tissues held under his nose. "Sorry," he whispers after Dad leaves, his voice thick and gunky from the nosebleed. "I don't want your 'sorry', Creed, I want your obedience ," Alec hisses in a deep whisper. Creed lets out another bunch of odd, snorting half-giggles, and Alec buries his face in the pillow to stop from laughing out loud. The giggles fade after a while and Alec rolls over to stare out at the dim shadows of their room. Earlier tonight, once dinner finished and everyone was leaving, Creed stood with Dad at the door and said goodbye to the guests while Alec hung back and helped Mom carry all the dishes into the kitchen. Look at him, Mom said to Alec, letting one hand fall to his shoulder, gripping hard enough it almost hurt. He looks like Two. Creed did look like Two, tall and proud in his new clothes. Alec, meanwhile, had grass-stains on his knees from playing with Selene, and later he'd be scolded for ice cream around his mouth and crumbs down the front of his shirt. Whatever he'd looked like, it couldn't have been anything important. But it's not Creed's fault that he got born first, or that he's taller or stronger or smarter. Alec sighs. "Happy birthday," he says finally, keeping his voice low. "Thanks," Creed whispers back, then throws the balled up tissues down so they hit Alec in the face. Alec almost climbs up there to start another fight before remembering Dad's warning, so he files it away and makes a note to ask Selene for help plotting revenge later. Above him Creed snickers, and Alec makes a face in the dark.