is certainly a present that was worth waiting for. She is so small… Westa thinks and a tear glides down on her cheek. Both of them know what is going to happen – they were out for the whole day, so there is probably a group of Peacekeepers waiting in front of their flat already. This is the day of Wiress' fifth birthday and the day when the Sector of Talents is going to take her away from them. Géral and Westa used to be the students of the Sector as well – after they had passed the examination, they were violently separated from their families at the age of five and were enrolled into this school. Isolated until they turned eighteen, they had no idea about the world while they attended classes in the morning and worked in the evening. The purpose of Sector has always been to select those with congenital intelligence and carve them into useful geniuses to serve the District and Panem. This is the surface – but underneath it lies such a cruelty that only the former students know. The majority of the Talents break down under the strict schedule, the impossible amount of work and the constant terror that lingers between the walls. The suicide rate is very high – but, of course, nobody knows the exact numbers. The Sector of Talents is the miniature version of the Capitol, which is not surprising since it is mainly run by teachers and officers from there. "Let's go inside," Westa says softly and they step out of the car. As soon as Wiress hops onto the ground, Géral grabs her effortlessly and sits her onto his shoulders, both laughing happily. A small smile manages to escape onto Westa's lips at this sight. It is exactly as they predicted – three armed Peacekeepers in white uniforms are standing in front of their apartment. "We have been waiting for you, Mr. Creever. We almost thought that you'd never come back," one of them, a short man says strictly and Géral narrows his black eyes. "As if we could escape from your watchful eyes, sir," he mutters and unlocks the door of the flat. "Would you care for a cup of tea? You must have been waiting for such a long time," Westa says with as much fake and bitter hospitality as she can muster without her voice trembling. She wants nothing more than to put poison into their drinks and watch them die a dreadful, disgusting death. "No, madam, we are ordered to transport Miss Creever to the Sector of Talents today," another Peacekeeper, a woman says on a deep voice. Wiress, who was already put down onto the floor, startles. They are going to take me away? Is it because of that test? She watches that strange, scary woman come closer to her grabbing her hand, but Westa steps between them and shoves her behind her skirt. "Don't touch my daughter," she hisses. Her grey eyes are glinting with hatred – a mother mockingjay protecting her nest. But then, the third Peacekeeper pulls out his gun and points it at Westa's temple. "I warn you, madam, any resistance meets with punishment. We advise you to give up your-" However, he cannot finish his sentence, because he drops to his knees as a large wound opens on his stomach. Blood gushes up from it with frightening intensity, soaking the brown carpet. "Nobody aims a gun at my wife!" Géral exclaims with fury. In his hand, there is a small device he constructed – a metal handle with a button that triggers a laser beam so powerful it can even cut iron. It all happens in a mere second. A dreadful bang shakes the room and Géral falls down with a large gaping hole on his forehead signalling the place where the bullet entered his head. "GÉRAL!" Westa screams. She kneels down to him, grabbing his hand that is starting to turn cold. He is dead – the one who always cheered her up, who defeated her darkness with light, who loved her despite of what she really is… a broken, mad woman with no future. Géral has created a future for her… and now, it has been taken away… Dead… taken away… darkness… Géral… Géral… Westa lunges herself at the other woman who is still holding the gun which killed her husband, and her hands wrap themselves around her temple. With a heartbreaking, almost devilishly insane cry, her thumbs find the Peacekeepers eyes and she puts as much pressure on her fingers as she just can, earning a painful howl as the delicate eyeballs make a horrible popping sound. The gun fires one more time, and Westa releases the Peacekeeper. She got the bullet from the woman's weapon into her chest, so she doesn't die immediately – she has enough life in her to follow with her eyes as the other male Peacekeeper grabs the utterly terrified Wiress who is in such a shock that she cannot even cry. She watches the man tear the mechanical bird from the little girl's hands and drop it into the pool of blood. She can still see him guide his blinded partner to the door and shut it behind them. And then, she can only hear her own heavy breathing. "G-Géral…" Westa whispers and she creeps closer to her loved one. Her blood-stained fingers curl around his hand once again, for a last time before her vision blurs and she drifts into eternal peace. The mechanical bird mourns them in the deafening silence. o0o o0o o0o Thank you for reading chapter 1. :) So how did you like it? Honestly, I feel a bit cruel for killing her parents, but it was necessary for the plot. :( Also, I wanted to give Wiress a different background – that's why I came up with the idea of the Sector. Do you think I should continue this? Any constructive criticism is welcomed. :)