outside the rules. It does not exclude you from human frailty." Brutus grunts, pain shooting up his arm, and Odin presses down further. "Do - you - understand," Odin says, punctuating each word with pauses, and Brutus wants to say yes, wants to believe, but it's all twisted and jumbled inside him and he doesn't know what he wants anymore. He's always been the best, and there's a crown sitting on his mantel and the blood of nine tributes on his hands to prove it. Now that that's behind him, Brutus has no idea what to do. Brutus roars in impotent, frustrated rage, and that's when Odin does it. He jerks Brutus' arm back one last time - the bones give way with an audible pop - and now Brutus is screaming because there's fire pouring from his shoulder to his fingers. Odin lowers Brutus to his knees, and Brutus has felt worse pain in his life but that doesn't help him now. He tries to remind his nerves that they survived a knife in the ribs and fingers smashed to powder but they don't care, just keep sending fire fire panic help to his brain. "I will hurt you if that is what you need," Odin tells him in his ear, his voice low and serious and intense. "But I will always, always put you back together." Another snap - Brutus nearly bites off his tongue - and then the wash of pain recedes to a dull throb. He blinks up at Odin in confusion, eyes swimming, and he moves his arm, gingerly. No awkward angles; the skin remains unpurpled, and no bones stick through the skin. Finally Brutus gets it. "Dislocation," he says, gasping out through the heaving breaths. "You didn't break it at all." "No," Odin agrees, and he lets a hand fall to the back of Brutus' neck, fingers digging in. Brutus lets out a shuddered gasp. "Brutus. You think that your prize for victory is living alone and untouchable. This is not true. Others will always be able to hurt you, not just me, and not just as a test. Your winning did not exempt you, and your obedience will not always save you. But just as there are threats, so there are allies. You will never be alone, never be isolated, from either help or danger." "I don't want to be weak," Brutus says, his eyes closed, and he rubs at his shoulder, the muscles twingeing beneath his probing touch. "I - I can't." "You are," Odin says simply. "You will always be weak, as I just demonstrated, because you are human. But I pulled a boy from that Arena, not a robot creation of the Gamemakers, and it is that boy who has my trust and protection." He keeps his hold on Brutus' neck, his hand firm and steadying. "One day you will be a mentor and you will see it. You will be the rock in someone else's storm, but you cannot do that if you refuse a firm foundation now. All right?" "Yes, sir," Brutus says finally, and he still feels a shiver of dissatisfaction but it's fading, like the last line of fire on the horizon after the sun has set before it's swallowed up in the calming blue of night. "I'm sorry." "I'm proud of you," Odin says in response, and Brutus snaps his head around to stare at him. "Yes, that's right. You have made me prouder than any parent. You are one of the finest Victors this district has ever seen, but more than that, you show potential for greatness after, too. But in order for that to happen, you must trust me. I put my faith in you when I chose you as my tribute. Can you do me this small favour now? Trust that I do what I do, not because I wish to humiliate you, not because I have no faith in your strength, but because I wish to see you rise to everything you could ever hope to be." Brutus lets out a breath, steady this time. "Yeah," he says, and this time it isn't sour. "Good," Odin says, and he claps Brutus on the opposite shoulder. "Now. Take your medication and I'll see to that shoulder, and tomorrow, after you've had a good night's rest, I'll take you up the mountain. I think half your problem is that no Two does well away from rocks for long. We need to get you grounded again." Brutus thinks of the cliffs beyond the Village, the feel of good, solid rock beneath his hands, rocks he can lean his whole weight on and not care any more than he would the presence of a fly on his back. Real rocks, rocks forged by nature over thousands of years, not created in laboratories for the sake of the Games. He imagines climbing, merging his own physical strength with the unwavering power of the mountains, and for a moment he almost feels it. The sun beating down on his back, the wind whipping at his clothes, his fingers burning from the constant grip and his calf muscles cramping in protest. Reaching a ledge and looking down at his Village, his city, his district, at everything he fought and bled and killed and nearly died for. "Yeah," Brutus says again, and there are tears in his eyes that he doesn't remember giving permission to form. "Yes please ." Odin smiles, and his eyes are shining, too, so maybe he's right, maybe weakness doesn't always mean death and shame. "That's my boy," he says. He stands and reaches down to give Brutus a hand up. In training, Brutus always smacked those away. Now he hesitates, then grabs Odin's hand and lets his mentor pull him to his feet. "I'll finish the cooking," he says. "It'll probably be shit, but I want to." Odin grins at him, and the last of Brutus' irritation slides away. "I will take the risk."