She counts as high as she can go. She tries to name all the mayors of District Two since the last Quarter Quell. She thinks of every nursery rhyme the teachers used to sing to them when she was little. Finally Pa stops - his arm must be tired, the last while he hasn't been hitting as hard - and he shoves her away from him. "Next time," he growls, "I use the buckle end. You have no idea what you've got yourself into, little girl." Madeline waits until his footfalls fade down the stairs before she lets herself cry, bitter and furious and silent. She twists around, trying to see her back, but she can't make it out well enough to tell if there are marks. Her calves are scored with raised pink welts, but Madeline thinks they'll fade soon enough. The worst isn't just how it hurts but the deep, gnawing sense of helplessness inside her, twisting until she feels just as sick from that as she does from the humiliation and pain. Finally she gets herself under control, but when Madeline tries to push open the door, it sticks in the frame and the handle won't turn. Madeline glares over her shoulder at the window, but she doesn't want to risk it. Not yet. He'll let her out tomorrow morning and she can wash her face before school. He won't want her going with dried blood crusted all over her lower face, that'd shame him just as much as her clothes. Madeline pulls herself upright, ignoring the twinges all over her, and stares at herself in the mirror. The kid who stares back is angry, scary, and not at all pretty. Not someone who will grow up into a pretty girl and get lots of boys wanting to marry her. The Madeline in the mirror looks like she might pull a knife out of nowhere and stick it in your gut before she'll let you touch her, and that's good enough. She doesn't get to eat supper that night, but it doesn't matter. Victory sits in her stomach just as heavy as any meal. "Madeline!" her teacher gasps. "What happened?" She lowers her voice, starts to lay a hand on Madeline's shoulder but pulls back. "Did someone hurt you?" For a moment, Madeline pictures telling the teacher about Pa. She imagines the Peacekeepers showing up at the house, clapping cuffs on his wrists and dragging him away. It's a glorious image for all of three seconds, but after that it sours. Mama doesn't have any skills - Pa always reminds them they'd both be nowhere without him, and Madeline would get more mad at that except she's never seen Mama do anything useful ever - and Madeline's not old enough to do anything even if she did. If they take Pa away they'll take Madeline away and put her in a home, and she might hate Mama but not enough to give up her house and her room and her life just yet. Madeline looks up at Mrs. Sullivan and shakes her head. "I was playing on the rock pile and I fell," she says. The cut on her lip stretches when she smiles. "I won't do that again." Mrs. Sullivan gives Madeline a long look, giving her time to change her mind, then sighs. "Be careful next time," she says. "And if you get hurt again, you can tell me." The other kids whisper, but one glare from Madeline sets them quiet. Nobody talks to her at all until lunch - she doesn't have one, not today, who knows how long Pa will keep food away as a punishment - when the boy whose clothes she stole sits down next to her on the bench. "You're not wearing a dress today," he says, tentative. "Nope," Madeline says, not looking at him. Pause. After a minute he says, "You want my hat? It'd hide your face." Madeline says noting, just stares out over the playground at the flocks of kids laughing and running around and trading each other bits of their lunches. The boy gets up, comes back a few minutes later with a cap that he holds out to her. Madeline snatches it out of his hand and jams it down hard on her head, pulling the brim down low over her eyes. He's right, it will cover the worst of her face, at least her bruised and swollen nose, and she grunts. "Good luck," the boy says, but he leaves before Madeline can tip her head up and scowl at him. That night after school, Madeline takes the long way home around the abandoned quarry, skirting the empty scar in the earth until she makes it back to her house. Pa is waiting for her when she gets there - he'll have left work early - and she tenses when she walks up, ready for him to make good on his promise. "You want to be a boy, I'm gonna treat you like a boy," Pa says to Madeline when she stops in front of him, scuffing her shoes in the dirt. She can't see his face past the brim of her hat, but his voice doesn't sound like he's going to hit her. He's angry still but it's pulled back, the way Mama's got when Madeline came home with the back of her skirt torn because she chased a boy over the fence. "Come down to the shop with me. You're gonna start working the stone after school. No more games, no more playing, you hear me? If I had a son I'd start training him now. Guess that means you." Madeline doesn't say anything, but she drops her bag on the floor and doesn't take off her shoes. Pa grunts and heads out the door. When they get back, Madeline starts for her room. "Where you think you're going?" Pa demands. "Go wash up and help your mother set the table for supper."