large families, more mouths to feed but more to bring in tesserae and work, and even though Career Victors don't have parents or siblings to keep the mythos alive, the dead tributes do. If Devon had died they would have found his parents, his three older brothers and his younger sister and had them stand on the stage, solemn and silent. Still, seeing Britta's family twigs something in Devon's brain that nearly causes him to slip on his words, though he catches himself before it comes out on camera. He finishes without a misstep, and Brutus steps up beside him to lead him back into the Justice Building as the mayor and mentors flank him. The heavy oak doors creak and slam shut behind them with a loud boom that reverberates through the open hall, and as the pale sunlight disappears and Devon blinks in the sudden dimness the memory finally coalesces. They'll kill my family if they think I wanted it to happen , Britta said, quiet and desperate in his ear with her fingers digging into his wrists. At the time he'd accepted it as fact without more than a brief shudder, written it off as another layer of pressure on Britta's already weighted shoulders. He hadn't considered the flip side of it: that Britta's family would be dead if Devon hadn't managed to sell her murder as an act of cold-blooded aggression on his part. The girls onstage, they'll have seen Devon kiss their sister and slide a knife between her ribs. They'll hate him for murdering her, for befriending her and manipulating her trust and everything else that's part of Devon's narrative as the Kissing Killer, the name the Capitol magazines have saddled him with whether he likes it or not. With luck they'll never know her fear, the desperation that drove her to fight and kill to keep them safe, to protect them from the consequences of her own failure. If the universe has any justice, Britta's death will buy them a long and peaceful life. If Devon had panicked, if he'd let Britta's final wish slip to the cameras, to Caesar Flickerman, to the president, to anyone where those in power could hear, then those little girls would not be alive to hate him now. The weight of it staggers him, so much that he stumbles and Brutus steadies him with a hand on his arm. A District 1 mentor makes a crack about Twos and their pharmaceutically-approved recovery cocktails, asking why don't they turn to morphling or alcohol like any respectable Victor; Brutus grunts and the air in the room seems to crackle with a sudden layer of frost, but Devon barely registers. The game was so much bigger than he thought, even then. Now he has a lifetime ahead of him and no idea what to do with it, and everything he does for the rest of his long years will have repercussions that ripple out far beyond what he can see or predict. They hinted at it in the Program — it's never over they warn the final tribute candidates, and Brutus told him flat out in the hospital before his meeting with President Snow — but it never felt real to Devon, not really. Not like the two girls who'd be dead if the trainers hadn't made Devon the actor he is. Devon can't tell Brutus, can't tell Britta's mentor, can't tell anyone, but as they walk through the back courtyard to the banquet hall, an odd warmth spreads through Devon's chest, chasing away the winter chill and the lingering shivers of guilt. He killed seven in the Arena but he saved one boy on Reaping Day by stepping up and two girls in District 1 without realizing, and if he works hard and mentors to the best of his ability then maybe one day he'll save someone else, just like Brutus. "You all right?" Brutus asks, pulling him aside as the escorts argue about place settings and the District 1 Victors roll their eyes and make a show of yawning. "Yeah," Devon says, surprised to find he means it. In all likelihood he's not safe from the demons, not yet, and the shadow of madness that chased him in the Arena will come back to whisper in his ear tonight, but for now, in this moment, the two little girls on their way home safely have given Devon the push to make it through the day. And really, that's all life is, moment after moment after moment, sunrise to sunset to sunrise until it's over. Britta's mentor gives Devon a speculative look as they sit down to lunch, and maybe she told Britta to stay away from the Two boy, spinning tales of ruthlessness and brutality, or maybe she said the opposite, told her of the district's reliable savagery. Would she have told Britta to stick with Devon to better turn on him later, or because it would give Devon the best opportunity to be her executioner? Would a ever mentor wish their tribute didn't walk out alive? So many questions and none that Devon can ask at an official dinner, and anyway the mentor soon turns away to make conversation with her elbow partner. Brutus raps Devon's plate with his fork, the sharp sound of steel against porcelain startling him back to his surroundings. "Eat," Brutus says, giving him a warning look. The first course is soup, easy on Devon's stomach, and the others are watching and his escort will have a full complement of suggestions to give him about his table manners before the Capitol dinner at the president's mansion, and so he nods and picks up his spoon. Outside the snow falls thick and fast, the sky turning a deep grey as the clouds gather on the horizon, but the food tastes good and Devon is alive to eat it, and somewhere, hopefully, Britta and the others who died for their districts can sleep in peace.