it goes away. But you have this amazing high that carries you through the worst of it. Once you have to start really thinking about strategy, that's when it gets tricky, because you have to be on guard all the time. Hang onto the pack as long as you can. Don't let it split and if they turn on you, run and take them out from a distance." Glimmer's nodding as she takes it all in. "Anything else?" "You might have to do – things. You won't enjoy them. It's not you that they're actually seeing in there, though, it's all an illusion. It's fake. You're still who you were on the inside." She frowns, considering her next words. "Try to fuck the blond from Two if you can. He's not going to be into it either, but the sponsors will love it." It's harsh, but the blow doesn't seem to land. Glimmer nods. "Right. What about Marvel?" "Don't bother," says Cashmere. "He wants to hurt you. He's gonna be the first to turn if you don't watch your back. You need to keep the alliance strong, so stick with Two and the boy from Twelve and you'll outweigh him." Glimmer rolls her eyes. "I still don't really understand why we're taking Twelve. I mean, we could find the girl on our own, it's not a problem." "She's not the important one," Cashmere says. "Brutus and Dex and Lyme and I are all in lockstep on this. He's the one with the charisma. She's nothing without him running his mouth next to her – keep them apart long enough and kill him before he breaks away, and you've destroyed her hope at any real sponsorship." "Okay. That makes sense." Glimmer takes a deep breath in and exhales slowly, in a steadying move Cashmere recognizes. "Oh, by the way, I almost forgot – do you know what my token's supposed to be? Maedwe didn't know. She said to ask you." "Right!" Cashmere jumps up and rifles through the drawer beside her bed. "Okay, I'm technically not supposed to show you this until tomorrow, but whatever." She withdraws a gorgeous ring with a huge, sparkling synthetic ruby in the center. "The stone's fake, but whatever. Check this out." She gestures for Glimmer to come closer, and adjusts her body so as to conceal the ring completely from the cameras in the corners of the room. Then she twists the bottom of the stone until a spike pops out from the center. Glimmer's eyes widen, and she grins. "Wicked," she whispers. Cashmere almost laughs out loud at this, and twists it shut before she can wrap the younger girl in a sisterly hug. "It's poisoned," she mutters in Glimmer's ear. "One use only. Use it on that sonuvabitch in the other room." As they separate, Glimmer gives her a meaningful nod. "Thanks," she says in that quiet tone again, as Cashmere puts the ring back in her bedside drawer. When she leaves, Cashmere lets out a breath she didn't know she'd been holding, and she realizes suddenly that there is no question about it. She has to kill this sweet, deadly girl. As it turns out, the Girl on Fire does it for her, and as the cameras zoom in close on Glimmer's body, swollen and crusted with stings three inches thick, Cashmere grimaces and swallows hard. Beside her in the Mentors' Lounge, Brutus heaves a sigh of his own. "Welcome to the club, girly," he mutters so that only she can hear. "Only gets easier from here on out." She raises an eyebrow and glances down at her glass, which is empty. "I think I'd like another drink," she announces to no one, but an avox scurries over to take the heavy crystal tumbler from her anyway. There's a gym on the top floor of the Games Center apartments, and Gloss finds her in there that night, running herself into exhaustion on the treadmill nearest to the far wall, where no one can sneak up on her. "How did you get in here?" she calls over the whir of the machine, and he yells back, "Occupational hazard of fame, you know," which doesn't really make sense but she doesn't question it. She hits the treadmill button and it slows to a stop. There's salt and sweat and tears running down her face and she's still angry, angrier than she's been in years. She can feel that familiar ache coming back to her fingertips and she swore she wouldn't kill again after the arena, she knows she'll regret it if she ever goes back to it, and yet she's itching and jumping out of her skin with the urge to draw blood. Gloss knows. He always knows. He nods and slides his jacket off his shoulders, and they take opposite sides on the mat, squaring off. She hits him first but he aims a solid right hook to her shoulder, and the pain and adrenaline hit her both at the same time. They fight hard, knuckles bruised and bleeding and bones thudding against muscle until they're both spent. She knows she looks like hell by the end of it, with at least one black eye and bruises up and down her back and legs, but this is what she knows. She's real and she's here and she's not going to kill anyone, and Gloss is the only one who can bring her back from where she was. "Fuck," he finally says, through a bruised jaw. "You okay now?" She nods, almost truthfully. If she were to be honest with herself, she hasn't been okay since the day they pulled her out of that godforsaken arena, wearing Four Girl's blood like war paint and giggling unstoppably to no one in particular, but she's found a kind of stasis and she's almost managed to return to it now. The entire truth is that she will never be okay. But she doesn't have to say it.