gray with the smoke and smog from the factories that make the weapons. Gray. Gray. Gray. He never liked that color. It just reminded him of the complicated life he lived. He wished, a bliss wish, that the world was black and white. He wished that the difference between truth and lies was more clear. He wished that the line between life and death hadn't blurred. But it did. Then it faded. He entered the empty apartment, with freaking gray walls. He threw of his shirt, and stepped in the shower, the hot water beating down on him like a boiling shower that raised steam, making his oxygen thick and humid. He let the water burn his skin, letting the beads of sweat roll down his back. He washed his hair with the cheapest shampoo he could find at the local store, the brittle discounted soap making suds against his olive toned skin. Gale took a deep breath as the blistering water washed away the suds, trying to erase the irritating day, the nightmare filled nights, the unknown future and the haunting past. But they were always there, his troubles, his fears, in the corner of his mind. Gale watched Katniss solemnly talk about the love she had for his sister, and resisted the urge to look at Prim, knowing full well his brothers and sister were already. Instead he looked to his left, which held Madge, sitting politely and daintily, with Posy on her thought she looked like a doll, prim and proper, not a hair out-of-place, down to the emotionless expression her face. It bothered him. His friend, the girl right next to her's sister could die the next day, but Miss Privileged Madge couldn't be bothered to care. It wasn't that he especially hated the girl. He didn't hate her at all. It was the idea that she represented, back to an idea he had found in history text books form centeires before. All you need to get anywhere in life is blonde hair, blue eyes, and money. And Madge had all of those. It took her a while for her to realized she was being stared at, and Gale could see her back stiffen even more as she turned to look at him. "What is it?" She asked, her voice full of – full of nothing. There seemed to be no emotion in her, she was robotic as the peacekeepers. He stared at her for a moment, his eyes narrowing as he opened his mouth to say something, but his eyes landed on Posy who sat innocently on her lap, a sweet grin on her face. "Nothing," Madge pursed her lips again and drew Posy closer, whispering something in the little girls ear. The small brunette giggled and nodded, hurrying off to sit by Primrose. Madge stared at him boldly. "What is your problem with me," "My problem? I have a lot of problems, and you aren't important enough to be one of them," He said venomously, only years later realizing he had taken out his frustrations on her. "Yeah, no problem with me? Is that why you look at me like I slapped your family member every time you see me?" "You didn't slap them, you just stole the food of their plates," "You very well know I did nothing of the sort! I had nothing to do with terssa, or the food distributions, or the reaping!" She said, getting to her feet. Some color started to return to her face, but it was dar red that spread along her cheeks. "Then why is Katniss up there, instead of you or another blonde merchant!" He said, standing over her, towering over her small build. "Take a look at her fellow tribute Hawthrone!" She said, the anger seeping through her calm exterior, the silence following her around the room. "Thank you for letting me visit Ms. Everdeen. Good to see you Primrose. Goodbye Posy," She said, stiffly before walking out of the house, the door closing behind her. Gale sat back down, rolling his eyes at the ceiling until he realized everyone was staring at him. "I- I'll apologize tomorrow, okay," He said, mostly to get his mother, who he adored, off his back. Gale stared at the mirror in front of him, already feeling the weightless emotion of a drunken state. He hadn't figured out where he had gotten the bottle. He didn't really care. You see in a moment when things become truly confusing, what seemed to matter didn't. He didn't care much that he had broken a mirror two days in a row. He didn't mind that he had dropped his bottle, letting the shards of glass add to the brokenness of his small bathroom. In the mirror, the mirror that seemed to reflect him a thousand times over, stood a girl, a pretty blonde in a drab grey uniform. If he was drunker, maybe he wouldn't even find her out-of-place. She looked as gray as the rest of district two, from her close to the moonlight that turned her blonde waves silver. But he wasn't that drunk. His voice was low and steady, the end turning up in a question. "Madge?" Dedicated to Manu. A little re birthday present for you. I got plenty of plot twist in minds, so don't think I'll stick to the plan. Thanks for reading, I'll probably update in a week or two. Also, if you're in the HP fandom too, I recomend reading Islolation by Bex-Chan For the PJO fandom I recommend One Sided by Chocolateismydoom Quote of the day: "How strange and lonely it is to be anything at all," By the amazing John Green. Preview for next chapter? "I didn't know I was dead. I seem to be very much alive," She said, twirling her gray skirt around her knees, smiling up at him innocently. She's dead. She's dead. She's dead. He reminded himself. But if she's dead, then why am I kissing her?