mistaking her silence for disgust. "You know what a sick sense of humour I have – looks like I have a sick mind in bed, too." He chuckled nervously. "God, I'm sorry Katniss." "No, Peeta, I-I'm not mad. That was… hot ." She giggled timidly. "I liked it." She could hear the grin in his voice. "Katniss Everdeen likes dirty talk. Here come a tsunami of new fantasies." " New fantasies?" she breathed, her fingers finding her nipples again. "Yes, new fantasies. To add to my collection of hundreds of wet dreams featuring you. And me." "Would you… describe one of them to me?" She heard him shuffling in his bed sheets, and a low breath escaped him. "One of my favourite fantasies is when I come over to your house one day. I'd let myself in and walk up the stairs to your room. I'd hear you moaning and rush in, thinking you were in trouble, but you'd be lying on your bed, stroking your pussy. Then you'd moan my fucking name and I'd know you were imagining me fucking you. I'd walk over to you, grab your hips and yank you to the edge of the bed, and then I'd suck your clit until you were begging me to make you cum. I'd rub my rock-hard cock against your wet little pussy. You'd be fucking dripping, begging me to take you and I'd slowly slide into you. God, you'd be so fucking tight , kitten. I'd slowly rock into you and you'd be begging me to just fuck you fast and hard, but I'd take my time. You have no idea how long I've wanted to fuck you, Katniss." As he told her this in a low, harsh voice, she wiggled her shorts down her hips and pulled his shirt over her breasts, exposing her aching nipples to the cool air. She began to stroke the inner section of her thighs, sighing gently and gasping at particularly dirty parts of his speech. "Are you touching yourself, Katniss? Tell me how wet you are for me. Slide your fingers into your tight little pussy and pretend I'm fucking you." She hesitated, not knowing what to do. She'd tried touching herself down there before, but only on her clit. She'd never been brave enough to put her fingers inside herself, worried she'd do some painful, permanent damage. However, she slipped a finger between her folds, finding them slick, and began to push her index finger into herself. She began to pump it into herself and found that nothing happened, at first, until she hit a certain spot that made her cry out. "Oh god , I'm so wet, Peeta, I can hardly- Oh. " "Tell me what it feels like," he growled. "It feels so good, Peeta, I've never felt anything like this before. It - it's not enough, please, I need you to-" "Put another finger inside yourself," he snarled roughly. "Fuck yourself to the sound of my voice." Her middle finger joined her index one, and immediately a deep, tingling sensation began to build in the pit of her stomach, much more intense than any feeling she'd gotten from rubbing her clit. She released a low, desperate moan. "I bet it feels so good, Katniss. I've got my hand wrapped around my cock, but I'd rather it be you - your hand, your mouth, your pussy. Would you wrap your pussy around my cock, Katniss?" "Yes! Yes, yes, yes . I'd do anything, Peeta, anything-" "You really would, wouldn't you? You'd let me fucking pound your tight pussy. You'd make yourself cum on the phone to your best friend, you little slut. Are you a little slut, Katniss?" "Yes," she moaned, the feminist part of herself chastising herself for being so submissive. She was too turned on to care. "Say it." "I'm a little slut," she gasped, shocked at how wet it made her. "You're my little slut, Katniss. Are you close, baby girl? Are you so fucking close to coming all over your fingers, to the sound of my voice?" "Yes, Peeta. Keep talking, I need you to-" "I'd get you so hot and desperate - touching you, licking you, pinching you, making you squirm. I've got so many dirty thoughts going through my head, baby. All the bad things I'd do to you, you'd be so fucking offended." "Tell me," she begged. "The next time I see you, Katniss, I'm going to shove you up against the wall and take what's mine - I'm going to kiss and touch and tease you until you're begging me to pleasure you and then I'm going to fuck you with my fingers, my tongue, my cock... I'm not going to show any fucking mercy, I'll make you cum so many times you'll forget how to count." "I-I'm so close!" The feeling in the pit of her stomach was almost unbearable. "Can you imagine what I look like right now, Katniss?" he hissed through gritted teeth. She could hear his harsh breaths and a fleshy, slapping sound that made her almost tilt over the edge. "I want you to imagine me on my bed, phone in my hand, thrusting my thick cock into my fist, wishing it was your tight, wet little pussy-" "I'm c-cum- Peeta! " "Fuck, fuck, fuck - Jesus , Katniss." They both reached their climax, Katniss's stomach coiling, sending ripples of pleasure through her core and making her buck against her fingers. She cried out loudly, eyes screwed shut and hips thrashing against her bed. Peeta repeated her name through his orgasm, chanting it like a mantra. As the waves of pleasure subsided, she heard Peeta speaking through heavy pants. "I need to see you, Katniss. Right now." "Come over, then," she told him, without even thinking about it. "I'm on my way," he said, and the call ended. Another chapter? Do you want a face-to-face version or should I just leave it as it is?