was saying. Of course, she had seen twelve-year-old kids being picked as tributes before, but that had just been bad luck. Still, a disquieting feeling persisted in lingering in the back of her mind. They began to walk towards town, joining dozens of families who were doing the same thing. None of them had wagons and horses that would be able to bring them there. Such luxuries were completely unheard of in her part of District Eleven, although a few of the richer folk came around to pick up any stragglers and bring them to the Justice Building for a fee. By the time they arrived, Rue could no longer say that she was just a little nervous. Her hands were shaking, and she'd had to ball them into fists to keep anybody from seeing it. She was humming her song quietly, and her siblings joined in, trying to sound upbeat, as though it was natural for them walk to a reaping. "Okay, I have to go now," she said quietly. The square was only half-filled, but the warning horn sounded to indicate to the families living nearby that there wasn't much time for them to arrive. She hugged her family and tried to smile as she followed the line of kids waiting to sign in. The wind picked up and clouds covered the sun, dimming the whole atmosphere. She saw a couple of kids she knew. One of them, a boy nicknamed Red because his nose was always of that color, was wiping at his cheeks. Rue swallowed. She couldn't show that she was afraid. She had to appear happy. But there wasn't one happy face in the crowd of children signing in. Everyone was grim, angry and scared. Her turn came, and once again, they took her blood to identify her before they directed her to the cordoned-off areas where the boys and girls were separated. She ended up standing next to Red, and felt him looking at her, his blue eyes wide with fear. "Is your name in many times today?" she asked him. She'd never spoken to him before, but she had seen him around in the orchards. His clothes were new and he looked as though he'd had a decent meal that morning. Rue had only had some tessera bread. He shook his head, "Just once. What about you?" "Seven." Red swallowed, "We'll be okay though, right? Other people have their names in more often than we do." "That's right," said Rue. But a naked fear was beginning to crash down upon her. She started to shake. Don't show your fear! She shook her head and began listening to the whispered conversation going on in front of her. They were discussing the reapings in the other districts, having apparently caught the first two. Volunteers. "I wonder how people can volunteer for something like this," she whispered to herself. She couldn't imagine it. Not many people from her district had won the Hunger Games. Only four of them, from what she could remember, and not one of them had been a volunteer. Two of the victors, Chaff and Seeder, were sitting on the stage, waiting for the reaping to begin. Nobody had long to wait: it was time. Their district representative was a man named Atellus. His skin had originally been brown like hers, Rue thought, but he had altered it so that it now looked gray. He wore a suit that was the same color as his skin, with dozens of black zippers for decoration. His hair was an unnatural shade of golden brown. "Welcome everybody!" he said, sounding far too enthusiastic in Rue's opinion. "Welcome to the reaping for the 74th annual Hunger Games!" If he expected anybody to clap, he was sadly mistaken. The only answer was the wind whistling across the town, carrying dust and the smell of the fields. But he took it in stride. "I will invite the mayor of your district over now to read the Treaty of Treason to you, so that you might be reminded of why you're all here!" The Treaty of Treason was a simple thing. During the Dark Days, the thirteen districts of Panem had rebelled against the Capitol, because of the harsh living conditions everyone had been subjected to. Only twelve districts had come out of the rebellion, with District Thirteen being wiped off the map. As punishment for the rebellion, each district was forced to send one boy and one girl to an event called the Hunger Games, where only one person would survive, and be showered with riches. Rue felt like going back in time and bringing the leaders of the rebellion to the present. Surely, if they could have anticipated what would have been done to the districts afterwards, they would have left well enough alone. But part of her knew that they had been right to rebel. If the Capitol could do something like this, locking up twenty-four children in an arena to watch them killing each other for entertainment, they deserved to be stopped. She looked up when Atellus spoke again, "Well, there you have it! You're here to represent your district and show everyone how brave you all are!" Nobody answered, and he walked to one of the reaping balls, where thousands of names were fluttering. Rue couldn't tell whether it was the one for the boys, or for the girls. It happened so suddenly that she couldn't breathe. "Rue Gardner," he said clearly. She blinked. The wind sounded in her ears, and she thought she could hear her song between the gusts. One step, then another. Her legs felt like they did in a dream, as though they had been coated with glue, making it impossible for her to walk. But she was getting closer to the stage. She could hear murmurs now. She was only twelve years old. Most people thought it was unfair. Others looked too relieved to say anything. She was only twelve.