lying through her teeth). Mid introduction the elevator rang again. First to step out what a girl who later introduced herself to be Amelie. She stood at around Sarinus' height with a long face and stringy brown hair. She had weight, but was more bone than muscle as her collarbones could be seen even through her t-shirt. Her mentor was Caitlyn Catala. She was in her late twenties with long, blonde hair that was famously dyed by her stylists before she entered the arena. She was about as tall as Amelie with a sharp, beak-like nose and hollow eyes. The boy was called Castor, a camp boy with acne and glasses. He had a messy tuft of brown hair that Sarinus considered unattractive. The party of careers made small talk: what weapons they preferred; what they were most looking forward too; their opinions of the other tributes. There were many mini-conversations going on between various pairs and trios and after a couple minutes there was a hush in the room. Castor was the one to break it. "Well with all that's been said, may the odds be forever in our favour, especially within this group of six." Castor addressed the children among them with his arms. I don't like this kid, decided Sarinus. He seems like a 'luck is on our side' prick. He'd probably be religious if it wasn't forbidden. "Judging by our size and muscle," the boy continued, "I would say that the victor would be among us. All of our District's have won the most Games between us. If we work together, we should be able to save one of our lives." Who the fuck is this kid? He states the obvious and babbles on about saving each other. Sarinus scowled, and Mineral noticed. "I think it's best if we stay together throughout the training process. That way we can learn as much about each other as we can." "I completely disagree," butted in Chriss. "If we act as though this year we're staying separate, or if we're weak, the opposition will let their guard down. They'll treat us just as they will each other. Perhaps they'll even try to strike an alliance with us! As the old going says: 'keep your friends close but you're enemies closer." "I'm sorry to disagree with you, Chriss," squealed Bolt. "I don't know if you've watched as many Hunger Games as I have, but the one's where the careers die are the one's where they separate. I hate to speak on behalf of the mentors. I know I'd hate it if some kid tried to guess what life in the arena was like. But, with that said, I think they'd all agree that if we stay together –" "You'll stay alive." It was the first thing Caitlyn Catala had said that Sarinus had heard. "The only thing that kept me alive in my Games was my District partner. We split up for a couple days, and they were the hardest. All that in mind, it was even harder to lose a friend I held so close." "Aikuchi, Kyra, Chriss and myself have all discussed this idea. We have advised him against this and we wanted to bring forth his opinion to all of you. However, Chriss is still his own man and may make his own decisions." Caleb gave his pupil a hearty pat on the back. "I'm sure he'll come to make the right one." "As I said," Castor began again. "The key to staying alive is by working together. When winter comes, it is the pack who survives and the lone animal that dies." "What do you think the arena is going to be like?" asked Kyra, changing the conversation completely. Judging from the way she asked it, Sarinus assumed she hated Castor as much as he did. Since he had started talking, Kyra had removed herself from the circle to a small window and was looking at the sky. There was a notable absence of stars, a feat due to light pollution. "I think something industrial," Sarinus himself said. All eyes were on him, just as he liked it, however a small part of him felt uncomfortable with all these eyes on him. "The past couple of years the head Gamemaker has encorporated buildings or modern structure into the arenas. I wouldn't be surprised to see a repeat of that." "I can't imagine something too modern though," squealed back his District partner. "Maybe they'll base it on a District – probably an outlying one – to give an advantage to a certain District they want to see win the Games." "I think I partially agree, Bolt" replied Mineral in his cool, calm tone. "I can imagine them basing their arena on the mountains of District 2, or the mines of District 12, but not to place forth an advantage to anyone." He walked further towards the gymnasium and picked up a knife off of a weapons rack. It wasn't too big, maybe the length of his wrist to his elbow, the blade serrated and curved towards him. He began to lightly twizzle the weapon in his palm. "No matter what arena is thrown at you, you four have the advantage. I heard a rumor they might start the Games in water. Who else do you think can swim other than you four?" "No one" answered Sarinus. "No one" repeated Bolt. There was another silence. "I think we should probably head back kinda soon. If we want to threaten the tributes, it's best we'd be rested." There were a couple nods and murmurs of approval. "It was lovely to finally meet you all. See you all tomorrow." "Goodnight, Bolt," called Castor as she headed for the elevator. "Goodnight everyone," said Aikuchi with a fire-like breath amongst her words. "Remember, right now we are all on the same side. We are a team. We are a family." I wonder how many families have to end up killing each other…