face. Inside she thought of a million violent deaths for every single one that laid a finger on her. Inside she thought only of the dark haired little girl and the blonde haired little boy that sat facing each other on the bed, whispering stories in the middle of the night. She thought it would just be for a while, but then it turned into a few weeks, and then a few months. Just as when she was a child she turned inward to survive. She built up walls as strong as the stone of District 2 and she put them not just between her and her enemies, but between those that offered friendship- sympathetic Capitol citizens, her stylists, other Victors. She found that little spot of solitude that she had made within herself when she was a child, before she'd had a baby Clove to care for, and she withdrew to where it was safe and secure. When she was 22 Her sister told her she hated her. On one of the brief, rare visits she had been allowed back home she had walked through the door to be met with a knife spinning at her, missing her face by inches and lodging itself into the door frame. She followed the path of the knife and was met with a pair of furious black eyes. "Get out!" Clove said in a cold voice. "You don't live here anymore." It hit her harder than she'd thought it would. She knew it had been coming. Every time she came home Clove was more and more distant. She could feel the connection between them slowly tearing apart with time and distance and she'd been powerless to stop it. She couldn't tell a thirteen year old Clove the truth of why she went away. How could she? So she couldn't blame Clove for the anger and betrayal she felt. She thought Enobaria had abandoned her, preferred to spend time in the Capitol than with her at home, and perhaps it was easier for her to think that than to know the truth. It hurt Enobaria like hell though to see the complete hatred in her eyes and it reminded her of her father so much. It seemed their family was destined to always hate. To hate and kill. When she was 24 She wanted to die. She stood on the stage as a mentor and she watched her fifteen year old sister storm furiously towards the stage, marching closer to death with every step, it seemed to Enobaria. She wanted to die. She would give her life a thousand times over if it meant Clove could take those two words back and would never have to enter that Arena. She tried to catch her eyes, to relay the horror she felt, as Clove joined Cato on the stage but her sister looked through her as if she didn't exist. And perhaps she didn't any more. Because how could she if Clove was killed? Everything would be for nothing and she would be completely and utterly alone. Even Clove hating her was better than this. But she was powerless against the forces of evil, as always, and she felt herself sucked helplessly towards the Capitol, feeling the hours tick by till she might have to say goodbye to Clove forever. She tried to talk herself out of it, to tell herself that Clove was as good as she had been, maybe even better. She tried to find the arrogance and confidence she had shared about her own certain victory and feel it about Clove's. But all she could ever find was blind panic and a heart wrenching, aching fear. Her nightmares started again but this time the blood filling her mouth was the least of her worries. She had to watch her sister die a dozen times every night, and in the morning when they sat opposite each other at the dining table she could only stare at her to make sure she was real. She tried so hard to tell her the truth but Clove refused to hear it. The night before she went into the Arena she tried to tell her what it would really be like. "It's not what you think. It's worse than Hell. Even if you win they'll never let you go." And then later, when reasoning had failed, and she realised that this was all the time she was ever going to have, she resorted to pleading. "I never wanted to leave you, you have to believe me. You're all I've ever had." Clove glared at her tears contemptuously. "I don't need you. I've done just fine without you. And when I win, it won't be because of you." In the morning it was all she could do to stay standing as she watched her walk so confidently away. She noticed the swift, secret smile she shared with Cato and her heart ached. It was the same smile she had given him when she was ten years old and he had snuck into her bedroom to tell her stories. She was the first mentor to turn away and everyone assumed it was because she was disgusted with the display of affection. Everyone assumed that she watched the screens emotionlessly because she was still the cold and uncaring bitch they'd always seen her to be. Everyone assumed that when she turned away from the screen as Clove's canon fired, it was because she was ashamed of yet another weakling tribute that had brought her shame. No one could guess that she was emotionless because she was completely and utterly numb. No one could guess that she wasn't turning away from just another tribute, but that she was turning away from the death of the little baby she had held and promised to protect. She was turning away from the death of the only person in the world she had ever loved, even though they hadn't always loved her back.