the 1980's, their sartorial obsession and shared sensibility has traversed the worlds of fashion, music, theatre and film. In 2014 Kurt and Bart received the Costume Designer's Guild Award nomination for Excellence in Period Film for their work on the Oscar® winning drama Dallas Buyers Club, directed by Jean-Marc Vallee, starring Mathew McConaughey and Jared Leto. Stoker starring Nicole Kidman and Mia Wasikowska was an opportunity to work with internationally acclaimed auteur director Park Chan-wook. Their costume design work was nominated for the 2014 London Film Critics Circle for Technical Achievement. Their previous work in film is as varied as the gritty noir Out of the Furnace starring Christian Bale and directed by Scott Cooper for Relativity, to the dance musical Step Up 3D directed by Jon M. Chu for Summit Entertainment and Touchstone Pictures. Kurt and Bart's filmography includes Ryan Fleck and Anna Boden's It's Kind of a Funny Story with Zach Galifianakis and Emma Roberts, Todd Solandz Dark Horse with Mia Farrow and Selma Blair, Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Freidman's Howl with James Franco and John Hamm, Dito Montiel's Fighting with Channing Tatum, Daniel Barnz Phoebe in Wonderland with Elle Fanning, and John Cameron Mitchell's notorious Shortbus. Their early career included designing their own clothing line called Design Asylum and creating costumes for commercials and music videos. They stood out as styling team with an approach as much about 39 pulling fashion looks as it was about designing and building custom pieces to realize a visual image. As stylists, Kurt and Bart have worked with some of the world's strongest and most prolific image makers, among them, Steven Klein, Herb Ritts, Patrick Demarchelier, Matthew Rolston, Francis Lawrence, Dean Karr, Mark Seliger, and Mary Ellen Mark. They have created lasting images with such music icons as David Bowie, Ozzy Osbourne, Marilyn Manson, Courtney Love, Pink, and Britney Spears. As Senior Vice President of Production and Development at Color Force, BRYAN UNKELESS [Co-Producer] was a co-producer on The Hunger Games and Catching Fire. He was the development executive on the wildly successful Diary of a Wimpy Kid franchise, which is based off of Jeff Kinney's best-selling children's books. The third film in the series, Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days—starring Steve Zahn, Rachel Harris and Zachary Gordon—was released in August of 2012. Unkeless was a development executive on Lone Sherfig's adaptation of the best-selling novel One Day by David Nicholls. Starring Anne Hathaway and Jim Sturgess, One Day was released by Focus Features in 2011. Prior to joining Color Force, Unkeless worked at Parkes-MacDonald Productions where he was involved with projects such as The Burning Plain—written and directed by Guillermo Arriaga—and The Uninvited—directed by the Guard Brothers. A graduate of Duke University, Unkeless enjoys art, swimming, running, cycling and watching the Denver Broncos win. One of the most renowned Makeup Artists in the motion picture business, VE NEILL [Make-Up Designer & Department Head] has set many standards of excellence in the makeup field. Over the course of her career Neill has won three Academy Awards®, two Emmy® Awards, four Saturn Awards, a BAFTA Award, Local 706 Best Character Makeup Award and the first Artist to be awarded Hollywood Foreign Press "Makeup Artist of the Year" Awards well as the first Makeup Artist to be honored as Makeup Artist of the Year by MAC Cosmetics. That is a total of 22 international nominations and wins for her creative and innovative makeups. From her early career as a rock 'n roll stylist, Neill began to develop her skills as a Designer and Makeup Artist. Specializing in concept, design and execution, Neill entered the film industry and discovered a talent for extreme fantasy makeup. Neill created space travelers for the first Star Trek film and for the hit comedy Galaxy Quest, rock 'n roll vampires for Joel Schumacher's The Lost Boys and visions of The Afterlife for Tim Burton's wacky comedy Beetlejuice. She turned Johnny Depp into scissors wielding anti-hero for Edward Scissorhands, Robin Williams into a Scottish Nanny for Mrs. Doubtfire, Martin Landau into horror king Bela Lugosi for Ed Wood and brought to life an onslaught of villains, beauties and super-heroes for Warner Brothers' early Batman series. She gave Patricia Arquette the Stigmata, transformed Christine Baranski into the Grinch's sexy girlfriend, aged Johnny Depp 60 years for the film Blow and turned Jude Law into the perfect Love-Robot for Steven Spielberg's A.I. Neill continues her illustrious career with an assortment of new characters ranging from possessed beings in Constantine and a slew of dirty, drunken, barnacle encrusted Pirates for the Pirates if the Caribbean series. She turned Johnny Depp into the infamous Butcher Barber of Fleet Street for the film musical Sweeney Todd and transformed Mike Myers into The Love Guru. She worked with Robert Downey Jr., Jamie Foxx, and Catherine Keener on The Soloist, Jim Carrey and Ewan McGregor in I Love You Phillips Morris. More Vampires for Priest starring Paul Bettany, Maggie Qu, Carl Urban and Lilly Collins. In 2010 she headed up the Special Makeup FX Department for the film Thor. She swung in to action as the Department Head for The Amazing Spiderman 1 & 2. She also did The Host, a Stephanie Myers book. Throughout her career Neill has worked with many of Hollywood's brightest stars. Jack Nicholson, Keira Knightly, Julia Roberts, Danny DeVito, Sarah Jessica Parker, Johnny Depp, Uma Thurman, Orlando Bloom, Sigourney Weaver, Jude Law, Ethan Hawke, Catherine Keener, Jim Carey, Andy Garcia, Keanu Reeves, Jennifer Lawrence and Woody Harrelson, Saoirse Ronan, Diane Kruger and William Hurt have all called upon Neill for her expertise with Beauty, the Bizarre and lots of 40 Wild Characters. This is a small part of the all-star list of clientele who enjoy the touch of Neill's magical brush. She has now added the title, The Judge to her resume for the new hit reality TV Show Face Off on the Syfy channel. The show highlights Special Makeup FX and is now gearing up to shoot Season 8.