starts cutting me again, and my breath hisses sharply between my teeth. He didn't give me any warning. I'll have to watch out for that, I decide, making a mental note. He's going to use surprise to attack me, too. Again, I find myself having to fight hard to keep from making any sounds of pain. Then, much sooner than I expected, the methodical cutting stops again. What is he thinking? The swift, sudden pressure of his thumb warns me a fraction of a second before the pain starts again. My resolve not to cry out is tested by the unexpected new slashes of agony - in my right leg this time. He's switched sides. I'm having an alarming amount of trouble keeping myself even outwardly calm and quiet, and my heart is racing again. For some reason, coming out of nowhere like this in an unexpected spot, the new wounds he's inflicting seem to be even more painful. There has to be something I can do to distract myself from the terrible slicing pain. Some way to make it easier for me to get through this. I need to think about something else... I find my thoughts reaching back to my last meeting with my fellow rebels. It was a few days ago, as far as I can tell without knowing how long I've been kept under sedation. The day before the interviews for the Quarter Quell. We were gathered in Portia's sitting room, one of the only places in the Capitol where we could feel confident that there wouldn't be any cameras. Portia has far too much sense and perceptiveness to allow anything like that to go unnoticed in her home. It was a small meeting. Haymitch, Plutarch, Portia and I were the only ones there. Anything larger might have raised too much suspicion. And we didn't have too much left to discuss. Most of the plans were already in place. I'd given my book of Mockingjay uniform sketches to Haymitch a week earlier. The uniforms themselves had been smuggled out to Thirteen, a few at a time, over the past month. My prep team was set to leave the next day, right after their final session with Katniss and definitely before the interviews. I wasn't going to risk them. It was a great relief to me, knowing the danger I myself faced, to know that they would soon be out of harm's way in District 13. I wouldn't be able to bear the idea of anyone hurting my innocent, kindhearted, somewhat naive team over my personal acts of rebellion. "Are you sure about this, Cinna?" Portia asked me with deep concern. "You're really putting yourself on the line here. We could still pull you out of the Capitol right after you present Katniss as the Mockingjay." "No," I said firmly. "Thank you, Portia. But there will be too much attention on me after the interviews. I have to stay here. Any attempt to move me out would put the rest of you at too much of a risk." Portia's eyes were sad as she looked at me. What about the risk to you, Cinna? I imagined her saying. But she respected the dignity of my right to choose, and didn't say it aloud. "I think that's a good strategy," Plutarch said soberly. "I hate to say it, but you're right. I can't see any other realistic way of pulling this off than by you staying here." I nodded. "Right. This is what we decided, and I think it's still what we need to do." Next, I turned to Haymitch. "What about Katniss?" I asked him. "Are there any plans to help her in the arena?" "We can't tell you very much, Cinna," Haymitch said bluntly. "Not about that, and not about any other details of our plans for the larger rebellion from here out. Because you're going to be tortured for information." I had been trying not to think about that. Leave it to Haymitch, I thought, to hammer the obvious down onto the table at every opportunity. "I understand," I answered calmly, not letting my apprehension show. "I don't think I would tell them, but I can't be sure. We can't take that risk. The less I know, the better." It felt strange to be coldly discussing my own torture and whether or not I would break. It feels even stranger now, remembering it while this hard-eyed man is actually torturing me. At least so far, I was right about one thing. I haven't broken yet. And I'm still determined not to tell him anything. But I didn't expect it to be anywhere near this hard to endure. Being tortured hurts a lot more than I was able to imagine. Author's Note: I'm committing to post one chapter of Into My Work at least every two weeks until it's finished. I've never done something like that before, but now NaNoWriMo has taught me how to write for a deadline and love it. This story will be novel-length. I don't know how many chapters it will be, but I'm guessing at least 30. Still, I already have (thanks to NaNo) 45,850 words of it written out of order, and I expect a lot of my chapters will come much closer together than two weeks. Chapter Two is already finished. I'll be posting it this weekend. Don't worry. Cinna's in for a rough ride, but I love him and I won't let him be anything but all right in the end. Katniss too. I love her just as much. And - in my story, anyway! - they love each other, and the only way either of them can be all right is if they both are. So they will be. You'll see. "Everything will be all right in the end. So if it is not all right, then it is not yet the end." -A verse from the Bhagavad Gita As quoted in the movie "Life of Pi"