people and the dead bodies. Gale has to push a couple of people out of his way, shouting at them to go to the fence before finally reaching Madge and pulls her to him by her waist. "LET ME GO GALE! MY MOM AND DAD ARE STILL IN THERE!" She thrashes against him, yelling and screaming at the top of her voice. Great! This is the time she decides to be least reasonable. "You can't go in there! Madge! You will kill yourself!" He starts pulling her to the west of the district, where the fence kink is. "NO! GALE! PLEASE!" Her struggling grows in intensity and Gale turns her around, hands on her shoulder, shaking her wildly so that she gets his point. "Madge please. I am begging you! Don't do this!" He has to scream to be heard above all the ruckus. She does not focus on him but looks frantically over her shoulder at her house in the far distance. "Gale I can't just let them die! They are my family! Please!" She tries to pry his arms from her shoulder but Gale holds her in a death grip. "No! I can't lose you! Not now! Not again!" She's not listening to him and he says the one thing he knows will get her attention. "Madge Undersee, I love you!" He shouts at the top of his voice. Madge turns around flabbergasted and does the last thing Gale expects her to do in a situation like this. She places both her hands on his cheek and pulls to kiss him, lightly to begin with but soon growing in intensity when Gale reciprocates it with just as much enthusiasm. "I love you too," she whispers softly by his ear and he is so enthralled by the fact that here is a girl who he loves and who loves her back that she easily slips from his fingers and disappears among the ash and the smoke. His eyes water and he coughs wildly, trying to get the dust out of his system but his conscience begs to differ. Is it really the smoke and the ash that is bringing tears to his eyes? He sees her in everything he encounters. He sees her in every blond he comes across in District 2, every brunette who has her determination, every redhead that pouts her way and every girl that shares her love for strawberries. But that's not enough for him. He moves on from one to the other, looking for his Madge in everyone of them, and he does. Little but he does. But that's not enough for him and moves on to the next one in the line, breaking his way through every girl's heart, never to come back for them. But he can't afford to think about their broken hearts when he has it the worst way possible. Not only people but he sees her in every speck of nature. From the flicker of the sunshine that makes his way into his bedroom through the blinders wandering the darkness away to the moonlight that sighs and takes up the entire world under its care. In the summer, her radiant self, lighting his entire life with the slightest of her smile, making him dizzy just by the light of it. Her breath caressing his face like a light breeze and in strawberries he sees her lips, tasting sweet, the same red, waiting for him, luring him in. In the autumn, in its shedding leaves, spinning her troubles away as the leaves fall all around her. In the spring, with its bright, blooming flowers encasing her as she plucks and inhales the fragrance of them. In the winter with it's snowy white. Their colour only going to portray how pure and innocent she was and his cannibalistic urge to dirty her up. The snow that tickles him, chills him as a snowflake makes his way down his scarred back that he lived to see just because she gave him the medicine. But most of all, and hauntingly enough, he sees her in the flames in his fire place in those wintry days, the mutts eating their way up her, licking her to the point where all is left is the dizzying and faded look in her eyes, that stay long after she is gone, pleading for him to forget her and move on. He apologizes, every now and then. For the moments they had lost, that they could have spent together. He apologizes for his behaviour for when he had been nothing but harsh and cold and indifferent towards her. Scowling at her, throwing obscenities at her. He apologizes to her for ignoring her when Katniss came back, like she didn't even exist for him. Moving past her like she is nothing but a ghost, a bad one that too, from his past that he intends to forget, regrets he had ever entertained. He apologizes to her for not being fast enough to save her, to confess that despite the odds, despite his protests he couldn't help but fall in love with her. But most of all he apologizes, because he can't fulfil her last wish, her dying wish. Even if he wants to, he can't because there's no way he is going to move on. No way, that he is going to forget the girl with the strawberries. No way, that he is going to forget a girl who managed to capture his heart and take it away with her, wherever she went. There's no way in hell Gale Hawthorne will ever forget Madge Undersee. A/N:- Longest thing I ever wrote. And to top it off it's my 13th Fanfic! And well 13 happens to be my favourite number (for those who don't read Conspiracy by a Quisling)! Anyways, since you know already now that I have other 12 fanfics out there, you might wanna check them out. All Gadge. No pressure. What are your thoughts on this one?