like it's his savior, smirk forever implanted. All in one day? Don't get ahead of yourself. Just let the killings happen in the moment. That's how you get yourself killed, idiot. You have to plan everything out - so first, her, then him, then District 10; the boy from District Four's annoying, Clove mutters, throwing one of the training knives she had nicked from the Capitol rooms across the wall, because no matter how much she practices, it'll still not be enough to win, she thinks. When it comes down to the moment, it's about luck and cunning, not skill. Annoying? Cato raises an eyebrow, picking the knife off of the wall and throwing it back to her; she catches it moments before it skims past her ear, blood drops trickling down her bare neck. He was staring at me during practice. Maybe you intimidated him. Maybe he likes you. Cato, this is the Games. Love is something stupid that's reserved for people like District 12 to rely back on for when they can't get enough sponsors, which is actually working really well. So, then we'll get down to the top four - The Career Alliance. And Glimmer goes first, then Marvel if we can catch him. Which we will, she tells herself because Clove won't open up to the possibility that anybody else will win but one of them — they're District Two, the warriors. They have to win. And then that just leaves - Us. They don't say anything after that, because it's the inevitable - in their plan, they'll be the two left, battling to death on the Cornucopia, and only one can make it alive - that one of them will die, so they just look out in silence over the fake city, all smiles and cheers, and drift off into their last peaceful slumbers. . The Bloodbath is wondrous — blood stains her array of jeweled knives, and Clove falls into a frenzy, a rhythmic pattern of kill (or be killed); the blood runs down her black Games uniform, resilient to the forces of fire and floods, the best that sponsors could afford. You're a good girl, Clove, Glimmer notes at nighttime, the two of them taking the first watch, taking a cigarette out of her backpack, and watching the smoke drift into the air. But you see, boys like Cato with stone hearts don't have feelings for girls like you. They don't have feelings at all. The smoking's going to kill you, Clove notes, twisting a knife in her hands, ignoring the comment about Cato, because she could care less. Somebody else will kill me first. Maybe it'll be Cato, maybe it'll be you - who knows? Or maybe I'll kill you first. You don't seem to care about winning. I'm a survivor, Clove. Not a victor. In the morning, Glimmer lays a hand upon Cato's thigh, the two of them start making out for no other reason but for sponsors, Clove sharpens her knife with the fire, stabbing lizards and other scaly creatures, and Marvel just looks nervous and uneasy, waiting to make a break for it but then remembering that he couldn't even make it to the Top Ten without the Career Alliance. Their chances of survival seem a little grimmer. . Clove lies upon the grass, staring up at the empty sky, cloudless with just the endless streaming of flittering birds, and resists the pounding in her brain, wiping away the blood that falls out of her hand, trickling upon the grass until it's nothing more than an overflow, and then there's no more blood left to spill or perhaps her vision is blurred and blackened until she can't see anymore. Clove thinks that this is what the Games is meant to be — not a glorious attempt for bringing pride to your family for seven generations or even proving yourself to your district, that you're not just that insignificant child, that you're somebody important; it's about the Capitol changing your perspective, the slightest bit of hope implanted in the depths of your brain that you might actually survive this hell, and then reducing what had used to be a brutally vicious person into a pitiful, scared child. I've always wanted to love someone, she murmurs, Cato falling in and out of her blurred vision, and hates how weak her dying words sound but say them nonetheless. I guess that you'll have to do, for now. What do you mean for now? You're dying, Cato spits out, wiping the blood from his head with a cloth, securing the wound with a strip of paper feeling material, as though healing a fatal wound could be so simple. They're Careers — they know better than that much, but in desperate times, foolish people do desperate things, she thinks; and for a moment, Clove stares up into his clouded blue eyes, and remembers the boy who used to be her friend, and for a moment, they're not the Careers who will kill anybody who stands in their path, just two scared children who hang onto each other like corded lifelines (but then the cord tears, the few moments where the fraying threads of a wire turn deadly). And so are you. You've been dead for a long time, Cato , Clove mutters out and her frame slumps against the silver Cornucopia, head bashed in, and then he feels nothing but the overwhelming surge to win (and kill) but aren't they the same thing? . i think i'm going to be working on a finnickannie oneshot for febiigge next; there are some skins characterizations - mainly jal, effy, and slight cassie - in here and i wasn't sure how to end it exactly so i left like it like this i'm sorry hopefully this didn't burn your eyes out ― happy birthday, nicole! i don't know you too well but i love your stories and you seem really nice so have a wonderful birthday, c: