Capitol continue to call her cruel, but the Games do not change who you are, they simply bring out your real personality and she has been cruel from a young age, so the change in character should have been expected—she will not put on a show any longer, the people of the Capitol do not deserve the effort it takes to pretend to be weak, because she is a lioness, and she will not cringe for them—but Johanna is alive. The other tributes might have been kind or bloodthirsty, but they are dead, and everybody spends a lot more time on the one alive girl instead of the twenty-three dead children. It should be the other way around," she says in an interview. (The crowd boos.) President Snow visits her house in District 7's Victor's Village on a Tuesday— Johanna has lost track of the days. They are all numbing minutes and hours, and she stares up at the clock, waiting for time to stop (but it will never stop, will it? It'll just keep on ticking on and on), for the pain to stop. "Johanna Mason," he says, silk voice, silk clothes, the scent of roses permeating through the polluted breaths of air. "President Snow—what a delight." The words are numb and faked and forced, and she's not even quite sure why she's saying them; nevertheless, Johanna utters them, because they are the words that her mentor has told her, and her mentor is still alive, so obviously, she's doing something right. "Would you like some biscuits and tea?" His eyes narrow, but voice never fluctuates to show concern and emotion. "Sit down, Miss Mason—I have some matters of importance to discuss with you." The doors close behind her. "I'll be sending some men home with you, Johanna." She gets the implied image, and her eyes flicker with distaste—the Capitol really are the monsters. Maybe they have the Hunger Games so that they can make more monsters, so they don't feel alone in the world. Something messed-up and completely dysfunctional would only suit their cruel minds. "Fourteen. I'm fourteen. I'm not doing this." "I won't force you into anything you're not comfortable with, Johanna." He looks at her as though she is already fading, and repeats her name another time, just to make sure she is still real; Johanna smiles wryly in the back of her mind, lopsided grin with crooked teeth, because she has to be the first tribute with open acts of defiance against the Capitol. The rest of the tributes must have just been ecstatic to make it out of the Arena alive—they call this victory, perhaps—but she is different. Being different isn't ever the safe option, nevertheless. "How about interviews? The crowds from the Capitol are extremely interested in you." Johanna stands up, arms crossed. "If that's all, then you can leave now. I'm not going to associate with any one in the Capitol, not today, not tomorrow, not ever. You got that?" "Are you sure about this—these men would love to escort—" "Fuck you." It is not the first time she has said these words to a member of the Government, and it is worth the future consequences, whatever they may be, to see the slight flicker of confusion underneath the façade of the President. Scared, maybe? President Snow smiles. "Well then. I'll be seeing you around, Johanna." (There always comes a price to pay; the Masons always pay their debts.) She comes home from the lumberjack mill (they tell her to be a Mentor, to watch the rest of the kids die in the next year because they will die, and she declines and pretends that life is normal, but everybody treats her like a monster) to see her fake father on the ground—his throat is slit with a fine razor, and white stains run up and down his legs—and her mother is hung from the ceiling, blood still dripping from her face, and the smell of their rotting fresh hangs in the air. A white rose is set upon the coffee table in the foyer, and the smell of blood wafts through the air, and whoever told her it was going to be okay one day ( liesliesLIES ) was stupid; She falls on the floor, and for the first time in forever, breaks. (They will pay, they will pay, they will pay.) Unbowed. Unbroken. Unbent. Johanna smiles, and stands up tall—she does not love anymore (there is no one left), she is not weak. There is nothing they can do to her anymore. She channels a song of anger— She dreams of setting fire to the Capitol, watching the licking tendrils of a dragon spit its two-fanged venom upon the buildings that reach up to the sky, watch the whole world go down in fire; she will cherish their screams the way that they had cherished hers, and she will not show mercy because they never showed mercy to her. They had made her this way. It's all their fault. ( All their fault, all their fault, it's all their fault —it's a song of desperation.) ACT IV: REVOLUTION Johanna dials the number on the phone— The Avox in the corner stands numbly, the television screen is switched off—no more commentary all the way from the Capitol, with their ridiculously fake smiles and happy voices; Oh, what a wonderful show that was! Oh, how horrible this is; only three tributes were slayed today. Better pick up the pace tomorrow, Career tributes! And for a moment, there is something more important than her life— There is the world; there are the rioting people, with mockingjays engraved on their shoulders, and it's a revolution, that's what it is. The corners of her lips curve upwards as the line stops ringing. She doesn't bother to let Heavensbee utter a word. "I heard that there's some sort of revolution going on. I don't care how dangerous it is. Do you hear me? I want in."