drops the eye contact. It's okay. It's bound to come up at one point or another. Thing is, the President, the new one, not President Snow, course, needs politicians in his place: they call it a Cabinet, you know? Actually, no, it's called the Senate—there's the House of Representatives, and they need loads of Congressman. Everybody's been flocking to this area, lately, ever since some of the other districts were destroyed, and I don't even know why, but they picked me, and I have a chance. A chance for a new life. He's almost beaming. That's great, she fakes a smile back at him, trying to force her eyes to smile along with her lips. I think that I'll try to find a new job today. Or maybe I'll go back to school, now that tuition is free, and all. Look, I'll see you back for dinner, okay? We can talk about how your job interview went? Yeah, he nods, standing up to leaf through the mail. Hey, there's something for you—it's from Finn? She moves forward, snatching the letter out of his hands—it's not heavy, barely weighs a pound, but she holds it in her hands as though it's a turning point of a life. I've got to get out of here, she whispers, almost reverently, because it's the truth, and god damn it, there hasn't been that much of the truth these days; just false promises of how everything is going to get better, how everything will be fine (one day, some day, just not today, never), and it's a slow progression from rebuilding to a new future, a new future Annie realizes she doesn't want to be part of. Roman quirks an eyebrow, What are you talking about? You can't leave. What about the apartment, and the café; it's practically yours now, they've sort of rebuilt it, now that Mags is. Oh. I'm sorry. They're saying sorry more often than not, and Annie sighs, then smiles, heading up the narrow staircase. I'm leaving. Leaving is not so liberating as one might think, as she had thought. The after effects of a war in Panem have spread throughout the world—India's government has gone completely corrupt, China unconsciously becomes the world's reigning power and there are weekly assassinations on the Queen in England. Sure, it's a brilliant world out there, but sometimes, Annie thinks that the rest of the world is just as messed up as Panem was, and maybe just as messed up as its replacement (America, they're calling it) will end up being. She meets a boy in Ireland, accidentally; they meet at a pub, this little pub in the middle of nowhere, playing darts, and they talk for ages. His name is Ron Stafford, he drinks too much coffee for his own good, and is overly pessimistic. Best of all, he doesn't know anything about Panem or the Districts, but is incredibly interested in the matter, so they have loads to talk about, which is always something Annie's worried about. Perhaps they rush into things a bit too quickly, but Ireland feels like coming home with close-knit families that weave her into their own—the Staffords play touch football in the winter with their navy blue sweatervests, and she stands on the sidelines with his brothers' girlfriends, and it feels like settling. She gets obsessed with Doctor Who, and they argue about who the best companion is for days on end (she's adamant that it's Sarah Jane but he thinks that it's Rory, always going on and on about how you don't need to save all of time and space to be a hero—Annie thinks that most of the times, it's referring to her, to which she reminds him, that she was never a hero, not really). Annie calls Rowan, now and then, whenever he fancies picking up the telephone. He has a girlfriend, now—she's a normal girl, an actual normal girl (from District 7) named Cassidy—Her eyes widen, and some sisterly instinct takes over, because the next moment, she's curled up on the sofa, eyes gleaming, face glowing, Blimey, seriously? You have a girlfriend?— and everybody's lives seem to be wrapping up when hers is just starting. And everywhere she goes, the letter— that letter—is burning a hole in her pocket; Annie won't bring herself to open it. It's probably words of apologies, though there's nothing he has to apologize for. She comes back one year later. It's been three years since the kidnapping from the Capitol Annie's twenty now, and home isn't home anymore; she's probably the one who's outgrown it, but it still feels different: much too different. She takes a job as a journalist and goes anywhere and everywhere, but always finds herself returning back to where it all started. But I'm not leaving, she always reminds herself, not really. I never really left. The bouts of calm make her death completely unexpected, to everybody except her. The Death infects the town, slowly on the ground, but most of the town has already taken vaccines to prevent the plague from becoming anything too serious; she never takes the vaccine, and the sickness takes its toll on her one year later, dead at the age of twenty-one. Three months after her death, Rowan moves out of the apartment, packs up his bags, and heads to Washington DC—he wins the next election, albeit without a competitor, and the next, and the next; he stays in office for seventeen years and fifty-four days, just to beat the record. Finnick gets married two years later, gets a degree in journalism and goes off to report another war and only thinks that the battleground is all too familiar for his liking. Sirena spends too much trying to forget and loses the vision of what she wanted to be in the wake of what-if, what-if, what-if, but years later, she collects herself, and starts over, tries to become somebody she's proud of. Life moves on: that's all that matters.