10." It is strange. Seeing an old representative left over from the Capitol regime. But if he's on our side, then who am I to question the kind of leader that District 10 chooses to follow. "I must offer my apologies to you all," Mayor Worthington begins. "I'm afraid our soldiers aren't in the most welcoming mood at the moment. Our communications just went down earlier today. Now the entire District is on high alert until someone can figure out what's been jamming all of our frequencies." "All of them?" Paylor questions. "Yes, we seem to be cut off from the rest of Panem at the moment. This morning the Capitol was in the middle of broadcasting when the signal went out and every television just turned to static," Worthington explains while pouring a drink. "We tried sending word to District 13. Unfortunately that's when we realized we couldn't make contact with anyone outside of our own District." Paylor's expression grows more concerned. "Have you determined the source of the interference?" "Well I'm sure we could if this were District 3. However, for now nothing is certain," Worthington dismisses casually. "Could I get any of you something to drink?" "I hardly think now is the appropriate time for that," Paylor asserts. She is unquestionably irritated with Worthington's nonchalant attitude towards his current predicament. If District 10's communications are being tampered with, then the Capitol could be planning to attack at this very moment. "I assure you Commander Paylor, we are taking every possible precaution that we can, given the circumstances. Right now I'm more interested in finding out how you all managed to get here in one piece," Worthington questions curiously before continuing. "You certainly have an extraordinary ability to cheat death. Especially that one right there," he says pointing to me. "So why is it the mockingjay has chosen District 10 to grace with her presence?" "Mockingjays," Paylor corrects. Puzzled, the Mayor suddenly stops. Then looking across to the rest of us he grins from ear to ear. "Oh I see now. How remarkable. Please excuse me Commander. Why is it the mockingjays have chosen District 10 to grace with their presence?" Taking a step closer to Worthington, Paylor responds. "Mayor we've come a long way since this rebellion began. But I think we can both agree that the Districts were at their strongest when they all stood joined together. We are here to ask your help in uniting them once more." For a moment there is only silence. "So that's it? You want to sway District 10's allegiance from Coin's rebellion to yours. Is that right?" He asks bluntly. "You must understand Mayor Worthington," Paylor urges. "Commander Coin is not in her right mind. Since the rebellion's separation she's grown increasingly paranoid and hostile. I've witnessed it firsthand. We barely made it out of 13 with our lives." Worthington peers at the rest of us through his silver spectacles. Then he turns back to Paylor. "Alright, done." "What?" "Consider it done. You now have District 10's full support," Worthington states decisively. Paylor still looks skeptical. We all do. It can't really be that easy. "Oh, don't look so surprised," Worthington assures. "After the reaction I just witnessed outside in the square. I knew the moment you all stepped off that train that everything would be different now. It's been a long time since I've seen that much hope in these people. And who can blame them. You brought back the mockingjay, the Townsend boy and an entire squad of Victors who were all believed to be dead. There's no sense in refusing. I haven't remained Mayor for this long by going against the will of my people." "That's very sensible of you," Paylor comments. "If there's anything you might need in the meantime District 8 would be happy to offer its support." Paylor can barely finish her sentence before Worthington cuts back in. "As a matter a fact there is something you could do. Since you've all come so far already I'd say it's safe to assume that you will be paying District 11 a visit as well." Paylor nods. "Perfect! If that's the case I ask that you take a couple of my men with you. This way 11 will know that you have our full support and we can expedite this process. And of course then we can also alert them to our current communications issue." Paylor agrees shaking the Mayor's hand before he sends us on our way, wishing us all the best of luck on our endeavor. The trek back to the station is even more hectic than our arrival. News must have travelled fast of our presence here because now it seems as if every member of District 10 has joined together to see us off. We only manage to get halfway down the road before Mayor Worthington makes the announcement that District 10 will be realigning itself with 8. The square nearly explodes from the roaring ovation. I can barely even hear the Mayor now. Just a couple words here and there. However, his last word resonates across the entire District, and I hear it as clear as a bell. MOCKINGJAYS! Before long we are all back on the train and doors seal shut behind us. The train departs quickly taking us all away to District 11. Thatch leads a group of District 10 soldiers to their own compartment and I retire to my own. Once there I stare out the train window. Something's different. I feel different. I'd even go as far as to say that I feel good. There can be only one explanation for it. Hope. That's what changed today. I saw it the faces of all those people. I felt it in the air around them. Now we're one step closer to uniting the Districts, and for the first time in a long time I feel like we can win . End of Chapter 9 M. Cooper Jinks