way I've never saw them. "His dad knows my mother, ok?" I reply in a harsh tone, trying to shrug him away from me but his firm arms won't let me move. He doesn't move his eyes away, and this time I'm determined to unglue from his stare before he can. But I can't, I get an overwhelming sense throughout my body, nothing like I've ever felt before. My eyes start to fill with what I think is tears, but they don't run down my cheeks, they stay put. He can see it and pulls me in closer and holds me tightly. Even though I can't see him doing it, he's glaring at Aksel, I can just tell. I find my way out of his arms and run towards my family and Annie. We all take a seat, right near the front and a big ceremony starts. Our President starts with a small introduction, followed by a few personal speeches by past tributes, followed by a presentation of all the tributes who were ever reaped and then finally they call for the mockingjay to make a speech. My mother takes to the podium and gives the most inspiring speech I've ever heard. The way she holds back her tears and refrains from breaking down moved me. She stood there for everything this country is and I've never been more proud of her in my life. Everyone is then given a lantern with names written on it. Each name was of each person that died in the process. My mother and father are first to light there's and release them into the air. Thousands of different coloured lanters are set off into the air in memory of them all. My mother turns to me as I release mine and a tear rolls down her cheek. She see's me as prim, I know she does. I walk over to her and embrace her, it only lasts a few seconds but it was just what she needed. We gather out belongings and head to the main part of the garden. We place our tokens next to each persons name that made an impact on our family. I wish I could put one down for everyone, but the only people I know about is Prim and Finnick, so I stick with them. As I rise from placing the token next to Prim's name I'm being stared at again. A tallish, thin, pale and blonde lady was hovering over me. She has the District 12 look, with a few retouches from another district. "Prim" she says in a frail voice. "You knew her?" I ask before actually taking into consideration how much she resembles her. "My daughter. I'm sorry for staring, you look so much like her. May I ask how you know of her? She passed a long time ago, surely before you were ..." she begins to talk about her and I interrupt her before she breaks down crying. "She was my auntie" The lady stood in absolute shock, her pale face turned completely white as she took in that she was my Grandmother. "You're Katniss' daughter? How many of you are there? Are you the only one? ..." Again I feel the need to interrupt her. "Yes, I am. Theres three of us. I'm Wren, My older brother Darius is over there with my mother and Lock is at home, its her birthday today" I knew I had already said to much, and that there must be a reason as to why I've never heard of this lady and before I knew it my mother is coming over to take me away from her. She's angry, I can tell. But so am I, why has she never mentioned her to me before? And what could she have done to make my mother not want me to talk to her? "Why are you talking to her, you knew exactly who she is and you know exactly why you're not allowed to see her or any of them." My mothers voice is raised in a way I've never heard her before, I can tell I've sparked something and I don't like it. The woman replies so innocently and not phased at all by my mother "Katniss, darling. She's my granddaughter, I have every right to see her." My father runs over and has to hold my mother back slightly "YOU HAVE NO RIGHT, NOT AFTER WHAT YOU DID." My mothers crying with rage and I have nobody to turn to, my family is helping my mother and Finn is helping his. I run, just keep running and don't look back. Too fast. I'm falling now. Blackout. When I finally wake up again, things are exactly how they were before I was gone. Except now I'm in the arms of someone. Secure arms they were, not as caring as Finns but I felt safe. How can I feel safe in the arms of a stranger, and then a familiar voice startles me. "I've met you once and you're already in my arms." "Aksel" I reply. He brushes my blonde hair behind my ears and out of my face. "That's better" He says in approval. Again, he looks me up and down before giving me a half smile. His strong arms manage to wrap around me and pick me up until I'm steady on my own feet. "Aksel, it's not the time or place" A voice echoes from a few metres away. As I turn to look at this figure I see his face drop. "Dad, this is Wren, Wren Mellark" Aksel tells him in a way that they've discussed me before and that the man should already know me. "Yeh I can tell. Nice to meet you Wren" He puts his hand out for me to shake it, I hesitate but do anyways. "Tell your mother I said hello" He continues. "I will, but what's your name?" I ask. He replies with one word. "Gale"