and panic claws at my throat. If that didn't stop them, nothing will! I glance over my shoulder. The figures are almost unrecognisable, covered in horrible weeping burns and charred, blackened skin that is splitting and peeling. And they are right behind me, advancing fast. I race towards my chariot. Horses run faster than people, if I can just get in I stand a chance of escaping. I lengthen my stride and fling my weight forwards. Out of the corner of my eye, I see Wiress and Beetee gesturing frantically at me, trying to signal something but I am in too much of a panic to understand. The chariot is right there, I have almost reached it, just one more step. I spring into the air, hands outstretched to grab at the edge. Instead, I slam into something hard and feel myself being flung backwards as everything goes black. I wake up in agony to the smell of burnt hair and clothing. For a second I can't think where I am or what is happening but then I roll over and see a large, swaying dining room with polished walls and a huge table laid out with beautiful china plates and crystal glasses twinkling in the light from a huge chandelier. I can even still see the thick carrot soup we had on our first train journey sloshing around gently in the bowls. The tribute train. Frantically I sit up and look around. I seem to be alone. The careers have vanished but the train is creepily quiet. "Effie?", I call out, my voice thin and feeble, "Haymitch? Peeta?" Behind me I hear a groan and whip round, snatching up an eating knife off the table. Peeta is lying on the floor, blood and puss running in rivers towards the back of the train from the long gash in his thigh. "Peeta!" I scramble towards him, slipping in the mess, and crouch down next to him. He isn't moving and his eyes are shut. I can't tell if he is breathing. "Peeta!", I scream, "Peeta, wake up!" I shake his shoulder urgently but he still doesn't react. Tears are streaming down my cheeks and I can feel my nose running but I don't care. "Peeta, please don't be dead, please!", I choke. "Don't worry," a voice says behind me, "he isn't dead, he's just unconscious." I whip round and there is Rue standing inches away from me, clutching a handful of leaves. She is smiling at me and I smile back despite my tears. "Here," she says and presses the leaves into my hands, "I've got to go soon, I don't have long. Put these on his leg and it'll be better in no time." "What do you mean you have to go soon?", I ask stupidly. Rue smiles sadly at me. "I'm not really here, Katniss. I only came to visit you. I have to go back soon." "What do you mean?", I ask again. A bright light suddenly fills the train carriage and I have to cover my eyes. Through my fingers I can see through the light, a green meadow and beyond it a field of swaying golden corn. A stream runs along the side of the meadow and a willow trails it's branches in the water. By the stream I can see Thresh. He is looking down into the water. Rue gives me a hug. "Goodbye, Katniss," she whispers in my ear. I turn to try and catch her but she is gone, running through the flowers towards Thresh. He catches her as she jumps into his arms and they smile at each other. Then they turn towards me and wave. The light begins to fade and the last thing I see is the pair of them standing together, hand in hand, waving to me. Suddenly the train seems very dark and lonely. I feel sobs choking me and quickly busy myself with Peeta's leg. I don't want anyone to see me cry. I can't afford to let them think I'm weak. "Come on, Katniss, we've got to move," Finnick says in my ear. I glance up at him. "I'm hurrying," I snap, "Peeta's hurt, I've got to sort out his leg." The leaves are vanishing as fast as I try and bind them onto Peeta's wound and I am starting to feel frantic. I don't know what to do. "We don't have time for this," Finnick snaps back, "the fog is coming. I'll carry him, you take Mags." He grabs Peeta under the arms and hauls him up onto his back. Peeta lets out a feeble moan. "You're hurting him," I yell at Finnick but he ignores me so I have no choice but to pick up Mags and follow Finnick and Peeta as fast as I can manage. We run through the dining room and into a long corridor. It seems to be never-ending. The dark panelled walls stretch on and on with no sign of any doors and behind us we can hear a strange rushing sound. I stop and turn and as I do the corridor begins to spin around me. "I'm coming for you, Girl on Fire!", a voice hisses, seeming to come from everywhere and nowhere. I start to scream as a tidal wave of flame comes rushing towards me, burning up everything in its path. This is it. There's nowhere to run. "Katniss, Katniss, wake up!" I open my eyes and stare around me in a panic. My heart is hammering against my ribs and I am soaked in sweat and gasping for air. The bedclothes are tangled around my legs and I seem to have knocked everything off the small table beside my bed. "It's alright, it's just a dream, Katniss!" Peeta is sat on the edge of my bed trying to calm me down. I stare at him as my heart rate slowly returns to normal. "It's just a dream," he repeats soothingly. "It's alright, I'm here."