he himself resented so deeply, he burried it under years' worth layers of lies. Her voice brought him back to reality. "Haymitch, please. I mean it." "What?" Effie closed her eyes in despair, a small wrinkle appearing between her furrowed brows. "Are you even listening to me? Are you ever listening to me?" "Sorry," he muttered and wrapped his fingers around her wrist to keep her hand where it was when he felt her moving it away. He didn't want to break the contact with her now. "Sorry. What were you saying?" "I was talking about the marriage counselor. Maybe we really should try it. I know-" she slightly raised her voice when she saw him open his mouth to protest, "I know that we already talked about it, and so far, each time I brought it up, you just walked away. I don't want to fight anymore. I don't want us to end up like one of those bitter old couples who just argue all the time and resent each other and are just unhappy and feel like it's too late to do anything about it. It's not too late for us, Haymitch. Please, give this a chance. I think it's time." Haymitch stared at her, his blood beginning to boil again. He trooped her hand away from his face, fully aware of the emotions that must have been written all over it. Marriage counselor. Those words truly have been spoken out loud in this house a few times before, and they have always resulted in a fight indeed. He wasn't sure whose idea it was, but he suspected it was either one of her annoying friends or her even more annoying mother who planted that idea in her head. Chaff probably talked to her, too. He never liked Effie, but he loved Haymitch, and he tolerated his wife for the sake of their friendship. And for the sake of it, he also wanted their relationship to be fine. He wanted Haymitch to be happy, and, strangely enough, he'd only ever seen him truly happy when he was with her. But Haymitch didn't want to go to a marriage counselour. He couldn't help it - it felt like a last resort, we're-about-to-get-a-divorce thing , and he simply refused to believe that their relationship was in such a horrible state that they'd need to seek advice from a professional. And besides, it wasn't anybody's bussiness what their relationship was like. They just had a weak phase, suffered from the seventh year syndrome , fine, he'd admit that. It wasn't a big crisis. They didn't fight more than usual. According to her, it wasn't even the fights that bothered her. She always complained how they didn't do what they used to do, how all the excitement was gone. He'd admit that too. His drinking wasn't helping, either, though she apparently thought that was more of an outcome than a cause- "Ignorance is bliss, right?". But those things could be fixed, and they could fix it by themselves. He wasn't the only one to blame, after all; as far as he was concerned, she wasn't a saint, either. "No," he said simply, reaching for the bottle she quickly hid behind her back, narrowing her eyes at him. "Why do you keep doing this?" Effie shook her head, pushing him back on the stool when he leant in to take the alcohol from her. "There's nothing wrong with getting help, you know. And I just... I need to know that you don't want to give up on us. I need to know that you still see something worth fighting for here." "I do," he replied, his voice coming off much sharper than he intended to, and he knew that the fragile peace he tried to make with her was over. "Damn, can't you just leave me alone for one fucking evening? Or what are you suggesting? Are you not happy here? Because if that's so, then sorry, but start with yourself, sweetheart. I'm fucking tired of this. Don't do this whole emotional blackmail shit here and try to look at it realistically. If you expected that it's still gonna be fucking honeymoon seven years later, maybe I 'm not the problem here." "Don't talk to me like this," retorted Effie coldly, smashing the bottle back on the counter. "God, whatever , Haymitch. Enjoy your drink, I'm going to leave you alone, as you wish . Liquor yourself to death if you please." With another frustrated sigh, she turned her back on him, quickly heading to the hallway. "Goodnight." He didn't respond, just listened to her fading footstepts and the familiar thud of the bedroom door, followed by the click of the lock. Apparently he was spending the night on the sofa or in one of the empty beds whether he got smashed or not, so he wrapped his fingers around his bottle, got off the stool and switched off the lights on his way upstairs, the dark house tense with their previous exchange. He soothed himself that she wouldn't stay angry for long- that was his last thought as he collapsed into the cold, dusty sheets in the room furthest from the master bedroom, across the hallway from her and any responsibility. He sprawled on the bed and wondered if she stayed on her side of their bed (she had the left one, the one closer to the window, which she complained about all the time, because it meant always having to get up in the middle of the night to either close it or open it when the temperature stopped being comfortable) or chose the middle, and if she missed his warmth as much as he did, but fell asleep before finishing the thought, his fingers loosening their grip on the bottle. The last thing he heard was the smashing of glass against wood and maybe something like a resigned snort from another room, but that was probably just his sleepy mind.