his pants pocket. "Katniss Everdeen," he says, voice steady. I feel like I'm going to throw up. "Would you do me the honour," he starts opening the box, I consider jumping from the building. But it's a key. What? "Of moving in with me?" "Peeta you little shit!" I punch his shoulder but throw my arms around him. He falls back onto his butt and wind my legs around his waist, hugging him close to me. "You should have seen your face," he laughs against my neck, warmth radiating from the spot where we touch. My dress is too tight for this position so the hem has ridden way up my thighs. I shiver in the cold and Peeta pulls back to take off his jacket and wrap it around my shoulders, his palms falling to my thighs. "So is that a yes?" He questions, rubbing in long slow strokes from my hem to my knees. I can already feel warmth pooling in my core and am more than a little thankful that this dress required me to give up underwear. I lean forward, kiss him soundly on the lips. "Only if you promise to never do that again." The smile on his face grows, the tips of his fingers sneaking further and further under my dress with every stroke. I move to stand up and hold my hand out towards him. He gets off the ground with a grunt, but then he's there, so close; chest and shoulders rising with each breath. "So um," I begin, playing with the collar of his shirt, teasing the buttons, tugging at his belt buckle, "How exactly visible is this balcony?" A rumble emanates from his throat, eyes darken, "See for yourself." I look around, the hotel is mostly surrounded by park, unless someone were taking a midnight stroll and happened to look up here no one can see us – and even then there's no lights to illuminate us. When our mouths meet I'm not exactly sure who started the kiss, but I know it won't be me who ends it. It's rushed and desperate, tongue and against tongue, my hands wind through his hair, sure to leave it mussed and obvious when we have to make our escape from this building. His hands move under my dress to grip my ass and when he can't find panties he practically weeps into my mouth. "You're so lucky I didn't know about that earlier," he gets out between heated kisses. His fingers move between my thighs, probe my entrance to find me wet and ready, circle my clit. I'm so thankful right now for the pill because I couldn't wait til we were home to have him inside me. Peeta spins me around and guides my hands to the rail. It seems sturdy enough to take what's about to happen. He pushes my dress up so I'm totally exposed and I'm sure I'll have a cold tomorrow but right now I feel like I'm on fire. The sound of his belt unbuckling and his pants unzipping has me practically throbbing. I feel like Pavlov's dog, the sound of his pants coming off will likely forever be enough of a cue to have me dripping with need. "Fuck, Katniss," he says as he leans against me, one hand coming to grip mine on the rail, the other guiding his cock inside me. I'll never get bored of the feeling of him filling me. Every time, the delicious stretch, the way my breath catches, it's like coming home. Once he's fully inside me he holds still for just a moment, kisses my shoulder, "I can't wait to have you live with me." I nod in response, "I'll move in tomorrow." And I will, half my wardrobe is there anyway since he lives so much closer to work. "Good girl," he says before all coherent conversation is done. He pulls out all the way before setting a solid pace, his balls slapping my ass with each thrust, the hand not on mine circling furiously over my clit. Despite the unlikelihood of being caught, it's the last thing we need at a work function, so I relish the fast pace. It doesn't take long for me to sag forward on the railing, my orgasm pulsing through me as my walls milk Peeta's come from his cock. He pulls away and must grab a handkerchief because I feel him swiping at mixture of semen and my come from between my thighs. I reach a hand down and swipe some, licking it from my fingertips. "Katniss," he says, voice muffled as it comes from between my thighs, "I need to be able to enter the party without a hard on." I laugh, "Just giving myself a taste tester for later." He tugs my dress back down and pulls me to him, kissing me soundly. "Mm," he says, licking at my lips, "Looks like we've both got something to look forward to." As much as I want to stay here with Peeta forever, I know this moment has to end. So with a sigh I guide him back into the room. "Thank you," I say, leaning up on my tiptoes to kiss the corner of his lips, "That was a beautiful surprise." 12. "Peeta," I sigh, falling against his shoulder. Some old Christmas songs play over the sound system and Peeta hums along as we make our way to the bar. "Yes, sweetheart?" He questions, getting me a glass of sparkling water and himself a beer. "Can we go home yet?" He looks down at me, the fine lines at the corners of his eyes crinkling in happiness, "Is my beautiful – kiss – pregnant – kiss – wife tired?" I frown, yes I am. "Can't we just go home and cuddle with Poppy and watch Home Alone?" I never liked these Christmas parties anyway. Even if, upon reflection, they haven't all been so bad. "Okay, Katniss, let's go home."