weeks after the end of the Quarter Quell, Hazelle meets Adam before school― or had planned to, anyway. But although she waits for half an hour outside the school gates, neither one of the Abernathys appear. She takes this to mean that Haymitch won't return to school; Victors apparently don't have to, according to Jake Hawthorne. But walking home alone is boring without Adam. When she opens the front door of her home, she knows something is wrong. Her mothers sitting at the kitchen table, and though she can't see her father, his boots, with coal dust ingrained into the leather, are by the door. Her dad works in the mines, but often when there is a fire or other disaster, he joins one of the crews detailed to, among other things, remove the bodies. When she'd been just rising seven and he'd spent a day or two out of the mines, she'd asked him why he did it, helping with the dead. "So no one else has to," he'd told her solemnly. "So nobody who doesn't need to see will see, like you and your mother." She moves into the room warily, and her father, who hadn't been visible before because of his position, smiles at her when her mother speaks. "How was your day, then?" "Alright," she answers noncommittally, still uncertain and more than a little worried. "We learnt about the by-products of coal. Adam wasn't there, though." When her mother glances quickly at her father, Hazelle tenses. "What?" She looks to her father, suddenly remembering with a shiver his words nearly five years ago. So no one else has to. So nobody who doesn't have to see will see, like you and your mother. "What happened?" He sighs. "The Abernathys home caught fire last night," her father tells her. "And the two houses next to them." "I'm so sorry, Hazelle," her mother adds softly. She stares at them both. "It can't― They can't be just ..." Hazelle trails off as she registers the expression on her parents' faces, an expression that is easier to read than pages of writing and that clearly suggests the Abernathys hadn't simply lost their house. "We don't know how it happened," her father says. "It seemed to be the stove, but we don't know." But she'd seen him and his family just yesterday. He'd smiled and scowled and laughed and he'd been so alive. She stumbles backwards a step, as if the truth is something she can physically get away from. Standing where she is now, there is a table between Hazelle and her parents, but she is only a few metres from the door. "I'll be back soon," she tells them. "I promise," and then she darts quickly through the doorway before they have time to stop her. Hazelle heads almost unconsciously for a street she knows nearly as well as her own, but the house she's visited a hundred times won't be there― it won't ever be there again. She can run faster than she could a year ago, but not nearly fast enough to escape the shock and pain. When she reaches the house, the last shred of hope fluttering desperately inside her dies. Her parents are right, and there is only charred wood and melted metal and ash left. There is so much ash, even for three homes. It lies heavily mostly on the ground, but there is still enough in the air to choke her when she steps off the path. She is more careful of the way she places her feet after that, but occasionally she breathes in only to choke on the air. Hazelle contemplates turning around when she finds what is left of his room. She's not sure what drives her now, apart from morbid curiosity and the desire to know. There is!'t much left, really, except for the general outline of the room. Then her foot hits something small but strong, unlike the wood and ash and whatever else she's stepping in. She crouches down, and the object turns out to be a small stone. It becomes recognisable after she rubs off the dust on the hem of her shirt, and she swallows when she feels the way it sits in her palm. Hazelle remembers a day, a month or two ago, when he'd been there and his brother wasn't a tribute― or a Victor ―and though it had been colder, it had felt sunnier, somehow. She clenches her fist around the stone, brings the other hand up to her mouth, and screams. It's not very loud, but it hurts all the same, and she's not sure how long she'd have stayed in the ruins of his house― since he'd died, she realises, she's barely used his name once― if it wasn't for her father. He wraps his arm around her shoulders as she shakes with silent tears and tells him about the time he'd given the rock to her and she'd thrown it away, and about when they'd visited the square on the Reaping day years ago, and about how the first time she talked to him was when he started kicking the chair and ever since then that'd been his way to get her attention. When they head home, she leaves it behind― like she tells her father, she doesn't need a stone full of memories when he'd affected so much of her life. Though it's ended up very late somehow― it's almost dusk― she can see his smile, bright in growing darkness. (Later, another figure will visit the ruin. Alone in his house―alone in the village, for that matter― with monsters underneath his bed and a knife underneath his pillow, the Victor won't be notified of his family's death for nearly a week; it is purely chance that he chooses to pay them a visit tonight. Like Hazelle, he'll choke on the ash, but he'll muffle his scream with a curse and eventually a promise: "You'll pay for that, Snow.")