to them, I never found the words to reply to them I was angry. About the phone calls I never answered to her… but worse was the day of the funeral, when I saw her there I found the words to told her she was a liar, my pain got mixed with so many feels, remembering what I told her makes me feel bad thought, they were so rude, and more know that it wasn't her fault at all I feel guilty, I remember everything what I said, and her reaction to them was worse but he understood it so she didn't stopped me. " You practically sold my daughter to a complete strange, you sold your granddaughter and you signed a stupid contract giving them authority over her, well congratulations, she's dead now, but I am pretty sure it's more important the money than the daughter of your own daughter!" I was shouting at her, I remember it, calling everybody's attention showing them how my mother was and who was the one that killed my daughter. " I feed you when we were poor, I risked my life entering into the woods every single day of my life to bring you money and food to live, and I did it to save you and your daughter! And you just killed mine". I cried too much that day, it was a very hard day to me to understand everything what was really happening in that moment, and when I visited her everything disappeared, I felt the words I shout at her being lies, lies I told to myself and now I know they wasn't really true. Those things changed me so much things that I force myself to forget, bad moments that were caused because of me. The thing I can't overcome is Janie's dead. The woods aren't the same anymore, all my life, the woods were my safe place, my favorite place, where I was free to do and say anything I want, my place to escape from reality, to overcome my fears, the place where I felt… Safe. Now they aren't the same anymore, I can't enter there anymore, what was once my favorite place to be, is a nightmare, they now remind me my games again, they remember the place where Walter killed my daughter, the moments we were happy in it are gone. But today it changed too; I am sitting next to my daughter's stone with my head laying in it, one day each year I enter to this east part of the woods, the place of the graveyard they built to remember the victims of the games and the rebellion, and the place where my daughter is buried now, I only enter this day because today is the second anniversary of her death. I used to come alone, this way I can be here all the time I want, without anyone bothering me. I start remembering the day I notice I was pregnant, how scared I was of it and Peeta telling me to calm down, the constant nightmares of my daughter going to the games, and all the terrible nights I got during all those nine months. Then the day she got born, Haymitch, Peeta where the only ones there, my mother wasn't there, I remember he got angry when Peeta gave her the new, why? I don't really know. The day she born was a day of mixed feelings, I wasn't sad, or scared nor I was happy, I remember that day I called Annie, offering her to keep my daughter with her, I was desperate I wasn't able to think that little baby was all mine, I was responsible for her. I remember that day thought was the first day I get an offer for her a big quantity of millions of money for her, I don't remember who offered them but because of that I start changing my mind, I start thinking different, knowing I had to protect that little creature of my own every single day of her life. When that terrible moment gets out of my mind it gets replaced by her first word, "mom" she said making me cry of emotion. Then her first footsteps and her first day of school, her first cake with Peeta and the day she taught me how to bake, when she got her brother and then the day I took her to the forest with me because of Gale. The day I told her she was going to live with my mother and her little face getting sad because of the thought of us not loving her anymore, I remember my desperation of that day that I shout to her there wasn't other option, when she escaped to the woods in the middle of the night. When I told her goodbye the morning she left with my mom and Ethan. When I saw her in the mirror room afraid and crying and then me calming her down, but then I remember when Angie injected her that poison. Everything start getting through my mind, quickly flashbacks of my life with her and finishing that moment in the house almost at the end of the woods, where I saw her alive for the last time, I remember my dream too, the one of her talking me about my father and Prim, everything making me smile till the memories end. I stand up from the ground and I walk a few steps away from the stone, far away I see a man coming, Peeta I think. I turn around to face the stone again, I clean the few tears that are in my eyes and I raise three fingers of my left hand to my mouth and then straight up pointing at Janie's stone. I feel Peeta's hand over my shoulder. "It's time to let her go" he says making me turn around to see him. "Yeah, I know… Goodbye Janie". THE END 358