He looked over his shoulder to see Plutarch has already stood up, too. "Can you promise me you'll at least think about it?" "I can't promise you anything," he replied simply and left the office without uttering another word with Chaff at his heels. Once they were in a good distance from the door, Haymitch nearly punched the elevator button, feeling like Chaff's glare could burn him to the ashes. "What the fuck was that, Chaff?" "What the fuck was that , Haymitch?" Chaff shook his head at him. "Look, I get it, it's all too much at once, it's out of the blue, and I get that it wasn't in your short-term plans-" "It wasn't in any plans," Haymitch interrupted him, pissed off. "This was the worst fucking idea ever ." Chaff sighed heavily. "He needs help, you can give him that. You owe him that." "I don't owe anyone anything," Haymitch growled slowly. "The less him or anyone else from this bullshit fair. I didn't spend almost twelve fucking years leaving it all behind just for somebody to drag me back into this crap and rub the past in my face." "Nobody's rubbing the past in your face, Haymitch," his friend tried to placate him, though he was obviously running out of patience, too. "I'm just saying it how it is. Just look at it from our point of view. He was right, where do you want to find an actor who can just board a plane and leave for quarter a year?" "I don't know, Chaff, but the key word here is actor . I'm not that anymore." The elevator finally arrived and when the door opened, Haymitch walked in quickly and scowled at Chaff. "Go back and tell him all my apologies, I'm leaving now." Chaff sighed again and ran his right palm over his face. He looked exhausted but Haymitch felt no grief for him. He was too mad for that. "At least think about it." He didn't answer and they just glared at each other until the elevator door slowly closed. iii. NOW She told herself she wouldn't care. She told herself she wouldn't beg. She told herself she wouldn't reach . And she didn't beg and she didn't reach, but that didn't mean she didn't care. They haven't talked in… she wasn't sure. It was over six months since they saw each other. The call in November sealed the deal and she hasn't heard from him since. Her pride was stopping her from bombing him with attempts at contacting him, but she felt stuck. She kept asking people about him. She tried to be unobtrusive about it, she masked it as mere politeness, but she wasn't fooling anyone. Not even herself, and that was news, because above anything else, Effie Trinket was great at fooling herself. It was kind of her thing. But nobody knew how he was anyway. He didn't talk to anyone. The only person who knew something was Chaff and he didn't tell her anything. He was just trying to keep peace, and she knew that he didn't hold any grudges against her, he was Haymitch's friend in the first place, after all. She was just glad to know that Haymitch had someone who wouldn't allow him to let himself completely go. Portia's long nails dug into her shoulder as she squeezed it lightly. "Effie?" She smiled brigthly and her eyes darted to the clock on the wall. "Is the limousine here already?" "In two minutes." Her friend watched her cautiously. "Effie, is everything okay?" " Of course it is, dear." Effie got up. She met her own eyes in her dressing table's big lit up mirror. To her relief, she looked good. At least, not as bad as she was worried she would. She hadn't slept much and barely ate in the last few days, she was tired, but overall, she looked good . Portia did an amazing job as always. A sad smile stretched her red-painted lips. Too bad she had no one to impress there. "The make-up is beautiful, Portia. Thank you." "You're welcome." Portia cleared her throat softly. "I'll wait in the lobby, okay?" "Okay." The second the door fell closed behind her, the clicking sound of her heels echoing through the Four Seasons' hallway, she finally breathed free. She checked her phone - it was her new obsession, a habit she had developed lately. She turned off her notifications, so when she took a look, there were tons of unread emails, many texts from seemingly everyone she didn't want to talk to - her mother, her publicist, Plutarch, Coin, press… Peeta's name was standing out like a lone star in a moonless night and her heart skipped a beat, then another one, and the tiny flame of hope rose in her chest, but then her shaking fingers opened the message. Just what exactly was she thinking? You fool , she scolded herself, you foolish, foolish woman. What did Snow tell her fifteen years ago? A little hope is effective. A lot of hope is dangerous. A spark is fine, as long as it's contained. And Effie Trinket was good at fooling herself. She was good at many things. But God , she was no good at containing that spark. Hi there! So, thank you for reading the first chapter of this new story I recently came up with and that I'm actually rather excited and also kinda nervous about. It started as a one-shot, but it eventually developed into a more complex plot. You'll see a bit more of Katniss and Peeta here, to make up for Till Death Do Us Part where they're mostly going to be just supporting characters. Also, there are two timelines, NOW and THEN, with absolute majority of the story taking place in the past, and we'll go back to the present in the very ending. I hope you enjoyed it, and I wish you all a beautiful day. x