mercenaries beat me up and robbed me of the few personal belongings I had, only to assert her authority. The bruises and cuts healed, and most of my stuff could be replaced—except for one thing. She took the only photo of him that I had. It's of both of us, me sitting in his lap, and we're laughing at something I can't recall. I tried to commit it to memory, but as the years went by it faded away. I never got the picture back, and I'm still biding my time to get revenge. But it's difficult considering we operate different parts and the few times I do see her, she's always surrounded by her "bodyguards." "What's his name?" "Mellark. He'll probably grace us with his presence at lunch." I spare a glance at the massive clock on the wall. 9:37 a.m. That won't do—I have to get to him as soon as possible. "Where did you see him?" "In the hallway. I think he was going to Abernathy's office." "When?" "About fifteen minutes ago." That's good news. Hopefully he hasn't met any of the other inmates yet. Maybe I can intercept him before he does. I haven't been to the toilet since I got here, which is a great opportunity. I walk up to the guard standing by the door. "I need to go to the bathroom." He checks the watch on his wrist. "You can wait till the break in twenty minutes," he responds dryly. "I need to go now," I insist. "It's lady trouble," I say, trying to sound uncomfortable, squeezing my thighs together for effect. He sighs. "Fine, but hurry back." I scurry around him, making my way toward the bathroom. Before I enter, I look back at the guard, making sure he's not looking, and walk past the door instead. As soon as he's out of eyesight, I pick up my speed in an attempt to meet this new guard before anyone else does. Fortunately, the counselor's office isn't that far away from the bathroom, so I hope I can make this quick. It's usually enough to the be the first to meet them and form some sort of bond. That way, when—or if—they chose their allegiance, you've already got them somewhat on your side. But I'm out of luck. The office is locked, and I don't hear any voices inside. Abernathy always has his door open—I think he has to, being a counsellor and all. Here, they take the my-door-is-always-open-policy literally. So if it's closed it must mean he's not there, and not that new guard either. Fuck. I can't go around looking for them, so I guess I have to wait until lunch. "Everdeen!" a guard snarls behind me. Shit, the odds are really not in my favor today. I turn around, flashing him an innocent smile. "What are you doing here?" He's tall, with his dark brown hair in what looks like it's supposed to be a crew cut, but it's obviously been a while since he's cut it. He has to shake his head to get rid of his hair from his gray eyes, almost the same shade as mine. He's holding a styrofoam mug, with what I presume is coffee, because based on how red he is around his pupils, he didn't get much sleep last night. It says 'Hawthorne' on his uniform. "I was looking for Mr. Abernathy." Which is sort of true. "Then you should come when he has visiting hours," he says, pointing at the sign next to the door. "Besides, aren't you supposed to be working? We don't pay you to wander around the hallway." His voice is stern. I stifle a snort. Pay? I approach him. Hopefully I can persuade him to not rat me out. "I'm sorry, Officer Hawthorne." They love when you address them as officers rather than guards. "I just needed to see him—it's really important. Please don't tell anyone. I'd owe you one," I say, sliding my fingers up his arm and hoping he'll respond like most men do. He doesn't seem to mind my touch, but he doesn't say anything for a while either. He finally breaks the silence. "Just get back to work." I scramble around him and half-run back to the laundry room. I spend almost two hours stealing subtle glances at the clock and only halfheartedly folding the sheets. Honestly, who's gonna tell the fucking difference? As soon as the sound blares, announcing lunch time, I don't even finish the one I'm folding, just throwing it back in the dryer and hurrying to the dining hall. As soon as I'm there, my jaw drops. I actually think it literally fucking drops. My eyes go directly to him . He still has the same effect on a room—it seems brighter and somehow more radiant. The lines on his face are more distinct, but it only makes him, oh-so-much sexier. His eyes are still the same, though, the same piercing blue gaze that could make any panties drop to the floor soaking wet with just one look. I can't reconcile this image with the battered, bleeding boy who used to haunt my dreams. He's put on some muscles, and he fills out his uniform perfectly—enough to get a hint of the chiseled pectoral and abdominal muscles he's sporting underneath. His hair is a little shorter than it used to be, but I think it's an improvement. He holds his hands behind his back with a straight posture. He doesn't need to assert his masculinity by gripping his belt or spreading his legs. He's changed, but I can still see the innocence and purity as clearly as all those years ago. Instinctively, my hand covers my mouth, and for the first time in eight years I let myself say his name. It comes out as a whisper, but inside I'm screaming. Peeta. Author's note: Please drop me a line and let me know what you think. I'm maxwellandlovelace on tumblr.