He nearly took him from me. There was certainly no love lost between us, yet I can't help compare him to Peeta and Glimmer to myself. They were like us; but unlike us, they didn't have the sympathies of the viewers. They were stone-cold killers, not star-crossed lovers. No one would have bought it, have supported it. They were alone. I wonder if Glimmer was beginning to suspect; if she knew of the tiny being flickering to life inside of her. I hope that she didn't. It would have been unbearable, had it been me. Just the memory of pretending to be pregnant in the 75th Games makes me a little sick. I remember Glimmer's screams as she died, how she cried out for Cato. I didn't understand at the time – I wasn't even really paying attention. Hallucinations were already beginning to grip me, and I was more concerned for my own safety than the shrieks of a dying girl. If she had known, if she had realized her condition… what would she want? She would want life. This was what it was all about, wasn't it? The memorials, the museum, the lack of new Games? To honor the sacrifices, the lives lost? Wasn't this about learning how to truly live again? As long as I remain terrified of the return of the Games, then I am still in the arena. I am still trapped by the Capitol. I will not allow them that pleasure. They cannot take my life, or the promise of new life, from me. They cannot steal my family if I don't even allow myself to conceive one. That night, I tell Peeta that I'm ready. He looks at me for a long moment before responding. "Are you sure?" He asks. We've made love several times, but always with protection. He tries, and fails, to mask the hope in his voice. He's wanted this so badly, and has been so patient with me along the way. The hope is killing him. I nod. "Yes." I take his hands, pressing them, trying to convey what I can't say. "Yes, Peeta. I want this. I want to have your child." His face splits into a grin, and I cannot help but grin back at him. He is my boy with the bread. He is my husband. He is my flower of life. He kisses me, soft and sure, pouring his strength into me. It is like good, strong whiskey, warming me up and setting my blood afire with the feeling of buoyant invincibility. If this is what Haymitch feels like when he drinks, then I can understand his addiction. I am addicted to this boy, this amazing, amazing man who, despite all that I have done, loves me. I bring my arms up to wrap around his neck, tug him down, and pull him closer. He holds me, cradling my chin with one hand and anchoring my waist with the other. He makes me feel safe. We take our time, mapping out the other's mouth with our tongues, sliding our hands over the smooth skin and feeling the goose bumps that are raised. There are times when we hurry, so turned on that I feel I truly am the girl on fire, burning with need. This isn't one of those times. This is almost like the first time, with the exploration and the tenderness, although there is none of the awkwardness of what goes where and accidental bruising and not knowing what will and won't work. Peeta seems determined to make this especially good for me. He is always attentive, but now there is not a spot of skin that goes untouched, or a pleasure point that he does not hit. He pleasures me for a long while, reducing me to a writhing, jabbering mess of singing nerves and hazy pleasure. Before he can finish me off, I pull him upwards so that our faces are together. "You don't have to apologize." I whisper. "I chose this." He swallows. "We're going to do this. Together." He whispers. I nod. He positions himself above me, but pauses, suddenly unsure. "You want this – real or not real?" My heart breaks a little, as it always does when the phantoms threaten him. I hold onto him with everything that I have. "Real." I promise him. He enters me, slow but sure, and soon we are rocking together, rolling towards the end like a stone down a steep hill. Picking up speed until neither of us can control it, moving instinctively, thrusting because it's the only thing left to us. We are moving until we cannot stop. Then, like a pebble hurled over a cliff, we are dashed against the bruising stones and break, cracking open a pleasure born not just by our bodies but by our hearts. It's something so profound, such an added layer of trust and faith and hope and love, so much love, that I always wonder if anyone has ever felt the depth of it the way we have. In the dark of that night, my daughter is conceived. Well, what did you think? I warned you it wouldn't end happily! (See, dear readers? If it doesn't end happily, I warn you! Isn't that nice of me?) I'm not usually this dark or rough so please leave a review and tell me your thoughts! I hope you enjoyed reading it, and I do hope that the epilogue gave you a kind of redemption/hope/sense of peace. Final note – this was originally going to be a short one-shot, but then it blossomed into something much larger. I kept writing it as an one-shot, though, because for some reason I couldn't break it up into chapters. Since I usually leave notes about the story at the beginning and end of each chapter and couldn't do so this time, please feel free to drop me a review or PM with any questions. Thank you, as always, for reading!