because he called you." "He may have called me but I'm here because I want to be." I say as I pulled up infront of the apartment building. "Bullshit, you're here because you feel guilty! And you know what I don't need your pity or your help. Its not my problem you feel crap because you gave up on us so you could be a big football star and you fucked it up. It's not my fault you have nothing now it's yours." Peeta yelled getting out of the car and storming off towards the building before I had even parked properly. "Peeta, stop. Wait for a second." I call out turning off the car and running after him. "No you can't just waltz back into my life after what happened. You broke me Cato, shattered my heart, I would have done anything for you. I would have followed you anywhere but I wasn't enough was I? We weren't enough for you, that's why you gave up on us right?" Tears started to really flow from Peeta's eyed. I took a step closer wiping the tears from his cheeks. "It wasn't like that, I didn't mean to..." "Hurt me? Well you did and I don't know if I can ever forgive you." Peeta said backing away from me. "Peeta please, I, I can't change the past. I'm sorry, I truly am but I'm not leaving. You need help Peeta, you need to stop and even if you hate and yell at me everyday for the rest of my life I'm going to make sure you get passed this. I know it may not seem like it but I still care about you, I'm not going to give up on you." "Peeta?" Quinn asked appearing from the entrance door. He looked between us both realising he had interrupted something. "Um maybe it's best you both come inside. We not need the neighbours calling the cops again." I furrowed my brow confused, again? Why had the police been rung before? I shrugged it off and headed back to my car before pulling out a bag of clothes and heading in after Peeta. He looked confused for a second before seeing the bag and turning to Quinn angrily. "He's not staying with us." Peeta grumbled before he headed to the elevator. "He has no where else to go Peeta and I need someone else around to keep an eye on you while I'm at work. Someone has to pay the rent you know." Quinn snapped back following him into the elevator. I hesitated for a second. "Come on, I'm not holding the door forever." Peeta growled. I filed into the elevator, Quinn standing between us probably to stop us from fighting anymore. Once the doors opened again we headed towards the door. Peeta went straight for his room, slamming the door behind him. I sat down on the couch which had already been converted into a bed for me. "Thanks for this Quinn." "Thanks for finding him and bringing him home." Quinn replied standing in the doorway. "You know you won't be able to just leave him his time, he won't survive it again." "I know and this time I'm not going to. He was my everything, I was just to dumb to know it at the time." I admit pulling off my top and throwing it on my bag. "I know you were. Well I'm going to bed, got a full day of work tomorrow. You know where everything is." Quinn said turning towards the hall to his room. "Sure, thanks again Quinn." I say again laying down on pulling the blank over me and I kicked off my shoes. "Night." Quinn called out as he disappeared behind his door. It didn't take long for me to fall asleep, I was so emotionally drained from today my brain severely needed some rest. I was just getting into a good dream before I felt my body move but it wasn't at my choice. Confused my eyes fluttered open as I felt warmth hit my chest. I looked down to find messy dirty blonde hair under my chin. Peeta must have slipped onto the couch while I was asleep. He was pressed up against my chest, his face buried between my pecs. His warm breath tickling my bare skin. "Peeta?" At realising I was awake he pressed a kiss to my chest before making his way up to my lips. "Peeta? What are you doing?" He shut me up with a kiss. "Stop questioning it. I just need you to hold me. I've needed this for so long." He continued to plant kisses over my lips and jaw before his hands slide down my chest towards my crotch. I grabbed a hold of his arms before he reach it and pulled back from him. "Peeta, I don't think this is a good idea. You just want a quick high, I quick fuck so for a second you forget and feel better. I'm not going to be that for you." I say looking him in the eyes. I could see he knew I was right and nodded. "Thanks for stopping me, but um, could I stay here with you still. I missed being held by you." "Fine, but only because I've missed it aswell." I admit wrapping my arms around him and pulling him close. I wasn't sure if this was a mistake or not. My body cried out for me to take him right here on the couch. He wanted it as much as I did so why not? Because he's an addict I told myself. He doesn't know what he wants anymore and I'd be taking advantage of that if I let him continue. "Cato?" Peeta's voice broke my out of my thoughts. "Yeah Peeta." I say instinctively kissing his forehead because I could here the pain and worry in his voice. "I can't lose you again, I won't survive it next time."