shopping for your family that I did…" "OK, OK, you got me. I tell you what. Those cookies have been in the case since 4:00 this morning, and I have to make up a few more batches for my own family. Why don't you help me, and then you can actually say that you made them yourself." Katniss got quiet for a moment. She didn't come in here expecting Peeta to make her cookies from scratch; she wasn't sure what she expected, but her heart was racing and her body was telling her to say yes! yes! yes! "Or, I mean, if you have plans, it's ok, it is Christmas Eve after all." "No plans," Katniss admitted shyly, pulling at her braid. "Well, come on then!" Peeta gestured for her to join him in the back. Nervously, even shaking just a little, she accepted. xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo A hour later, covered in flour and sugar, wearing his father's apron, Katniss found herself listening to Christmas music and laughing in Peeta's kitchen. Peeta may be handsome, Katniss decided – and look damn good in a white tshirt and apron – but it was his personality, his sense of humor that drew Katniss to him. He told her stories of growing up in the bakery, of dough fights with his brothers and exploding coffee makers. Peeta did most of the actual baking, but Katniss prided herself on measuring and cutting out shapes of rolled cookie dough onto the greased sheets. Peeta had decided that she should decorate her own sugar cookies, and what a sorry mess she was making in the process. The bag of frosting that Peeta had handed her was flopping over in her hands and she couldn't control it the way he showed her to. She wiped away some loose hairs around her face and huffed in frustration. Peeta glanced over from the sink of dishes. "What's wrong?" "This! I mean, how can you sit here and patiently fill in these little stars and snowmen and not want to end yourself!" She let the bag, already leaking red frosting, slump onto the counter. Peeta wiped his hands on a towel and came over to her station. "Here, let me show you." He picked up the bag and stood behind her. "Hold your hands like this, and I'll guide you." Peeta placed her hands under his and, wrapping his arms around her, slowly began to fill in the cookie shapes in front of them. She couldn't pay attention to anything except how good he felt, how good he smelled, how her back was arched ever so slightly into him. She dared to peak up at him, and saw that his tongue was sticking out between his lips in concentration. As her neck turned towards him, his hands stopped, and he peered down at her with hooded eyes. "Katniss," he said once more, and then… She wasn't sure who made the first move, maybe it was her, maybe it was him, but in any case his lips met hers and she was on fire. He moved against her slowly, softly, leaving her wanting more. But when she tilted her head slightly to the side, he took advantage and deepened the kiss, stroking her bottom lip gently until she granted him entrance, and then their tongues wove against each other, causing a moan to emit deeply from his throat. She spun around, still in his arms, and reached up around his neck. The kiss became deeper, more sloppy, more passionate, and his hips, with a mind of their own, pushed against her until she was flush between him and the counter. Without breaking away from her mouth, he swiftly lifted her up by her thighs and sat her on the counter. She could feel some of the cookies she had just decorated stick the sides of her jeans, but she didn't care. He stepped forward in between her legs and she spread them apart further to accommodate him, eventually pulling him closer to her with the backs of her ankles. He kissed her until she was breathless, and when she finally had to pull away to catch her breath, he kissed and sucked his way down her neck. "Peeta," she whispered, still out of breath, still trying to register what was happening. He stopped what he was doing – oh, please don't stop, she thought – and came up to face her, his forehead resting against hers. He sighed. "I wanted to do since the moment I first saw you." Katniss pulled back slightly, shocked. "Seriously?" "Of course," he laughed under his breath. "Did you really think that all of my Christmas shopping needed to take place at Scheel's ? I was sure you thought I was stalking you or something." "I just thought you were really, really into sporting goods." Peeta smiled and kissed the tip of her nose. "No, just really, really into you." The harder Katniss tried to hide her smile, the bigger it got. She looked down at her lap, then up into Peeta's admiring eyes, and bit her lip. "God, you're beautiful," he whispered, both to her and to himself. She was starting to realize that Peeta had a way with words that not only made her blush, but that she couldn't return. Not that she didn't want to, but the thought of saying such things out loud was out her league. Damn it, Johanna was right – she was really, really into Peeta too, and it scared the shit out of her. Actions, however… She leaned forward, grabbing the back of his neck and pulling it in toward her, and starting the kiss over again, which Peeta seemed more than happy to comply with. xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo And afterwards, lying and facing each other in Peeta's warm bed upstairs from the bakery, legs tangled together, flannel sheets pulled up close, he intertwined his fingers with hers and asked her. "You want to be with me. Real or not real?" "Real."