kiss someone in private, not for the benefit of cameras or an audience full of people who hoped she died in the most exciting way possible. She had kissed Effie because of the way Effie had looked at her in her fake wedding dress for the fake wedding that would never happen, and Katniss hadn't even been afforded the opportunity to be relieved that she didn't have to marry someone she didn't love, who made her so uncomfortable with thoughts of owing him and not deserving him and President Snow and Gale, because she could have had a long, miserable, made-up life, or she could die, and which was really better in the end? Effie's eyes were half-closed. Her natural eyelashes were as fine and delicate and fair as her natural hair. They fluttered a few times before she fully opened her eyes to look up at Katniss in a silent question. Her eyes—a pale greyish blue—were full of so much more than Katniss had ever really bothered to notice. The eyes of those whose minds were always at work, who were more than they seemed to be on the surface, shone in a different way than the eyes of those who led simple and straightforward lives. Effie's eyes, Katniss clearly saw now, lent themselves to the former persuasion. So much less oblivious than she'dhave anyone believe. "Should I stop?" Katniss asked her. Effie's hands rested somewhere around Katniss's waist. The curve of her waist was not nearly as pronounced as that of Effie's waist. Katniss went more or less straight up and down. She wondered if the feeling was the same, no matter the shape of the waist. When Effie tightened her hold on Katniss, scrunched the fabric of her nightgown just above the subtle curve of her hips, Katniss almost shivered. Effie shook her head. No . "Are you sure?" Effie nodded. Yes . Maybe Katniss only believed her because she wanted to. Maybe she should have asked a better question to get the answer she was afraid of. But she didn't. She kissed Effie again, even more fiercely than before, and let her and travel from the outside to the inside of Effie's thigh. She shifted her weight again, wrapped one arm around Effie's waist as she pushed and pulled at layers of silky fabric, then swallowed thickly when her fingertips were greeted with a warm, wet sensation she'd rarely even felt from her own body. She didn't really know what she was doing. She touched Effie the way she had touched herself that handful of times, and couldn't really tell from the tiny gasps, muffled against her own lips, whether she was doing it right. With that same painstaking slowness, Effie's hands began to travel downward over Katniss's hips. When her fingertips made contact with Katniss's bare legs, Katniss's breath hitched. She felt an unfamiliar tugging sensation in her lower abdomen, and her body felt strangely tingly, but not in an unpleasant or alarming way. Katniss pulled away from Effie's lips to catch her breath. In the process, they locked eyes, and Katniss found she was unable to look away. Effie's touch was so light it barely felt like a touch, and her fingers were deft. Where Katniss had made a blundering mess, clawing at nightgown and undergarments indiscriminately with the sole intention of getting them away , Effie easily differentiated between the different fabrics—pushed one up, pulled the other down without any ado, and ran the tips of her fingers over the delicate flesh between Katniss's legs. Katniss clenched her hands into fists. The touch was just as light as all the others had been, but the effect was entirely different. Effie knew what she was doing . Her hands were not clumsy, and they were not searching. Every subtle movement of her fingers made Katniss shudder. At last she broke eye contact with Effie to squeeze her eyes closed, and after another moment, she buried her face in Effie's shoulder to release a low, guttural moan. She tried when she'd regained control of herself to copy Effie's movements, to mirror her perfect rhythm. She kept her lips against the angle where Effie's neck met her shoulder, though, because every few minutes, she was overcome by the tension which accompanied silence, and she couldn't bear it anymore. Effie's breath hitched, and Katniss's senses went into overdrive as she tried to revisit whatever she had just done to elicit such a reaction. Effie let go of her waist and reached up to stroke her hair. "Good," she murmured. This—a simple utterance, not very much different from the other tiny sounds Effie made from time to time—rendered Katniss immediately and almost completely undone. She kissed Effie's neck and shoulder hungrily, held her waist tighter and tried again and again to move the fingers of her other hand in just the way that had inspired Effie to speak, to tell her Good . But Effie knew what she was doing, and Katniss did not. Maybe a few more seconds passed before Katniss's hands began to shake. She dug her fingernails into Effie's side and buried her face in Effie's shoulder to stifle a choked sob of a sound as her body contracted in a feeling so pleasurable it was almost painful, almost too much for her to handle. And still she felt Effie's fingers running gently through her hair, heard that faint whisper of Good echoing in her mind. When Effie shifted and made to move Katniss back to her side, Katniss found herself unable to protest. She fell limply back into her pillow and allowed Effie to wrap her in a warm embrace without struggle, or even comment. She didn't know how long she slept—probably no more than a couple of hours—but her slumber was deep and mercifully dreamless. She awoke at dawn to the voices of Cinna and Portia. Effie was gone. Again, Katniss had been robbed of her final opportunity to say a proper goodbye.