in whatever they decided to dress Katniss and I in. When my stylist walked out I was surprised. For a Capitol citizen she dressed very demure. All black covered her chocolate skin, blonde lock cascaded down over her shoulders. The only visible makeup was gold eyeliner under her eyes. She introduced herself as Portia and told me that Effie had informed her of my distinct physical characteristics. She seemed as excited as Effie when it came to my feline qualities. She dressed me in a skin tight leather type body suit. It fitted well and when I had asked what this had to do with District Twelve I was informed I was going to be the thing Twelve was famous for coal. When she was finally done I was shown to a mirror and I was lost for words. I looked surprisingly good. I couldn't believe how my skin glowed, my hair shone, my body looked strong and powerful. I thanked Portia before she whisked me away to where we were to wait until the parade started. We met up with Katniss, who was in a similar get up, and her stylist Cinna. Cinna and Portia dressed almost the same, and gushed about how happy there were about getting us as tributes. I sort of zoned out and instead looked around at what was happening throughout the room. Tributes were getting last checks from their stylists, mentors were mingling between themselves. My eyes caught a flash of gold before settling on the boy from District Two. Our eyes met and I didn't dare look away. I could not let him think I was weak, I felt like I need to prove myself to him. After a while he just smirked before his eyes raked down my body then back up to my face. I realised what he was doing before my cheeks flushed red and I turned around. A minute later we were called into position on out carriage before we were lit with a synthetic fire. When our time came our carriage took off and I was surprised at the reaction we got. The crowds seemed to love us, yelling our names and jumping up and down. The attention also didn't go unnoticed by the other tributes. District One looked like they were going to kill us as soon as we left the parade. Most of the other districts looked at us with envy but the two from District Two just smirked, as if happy to have worthy competition. President Snow made his usual speech before dismissing us and we were once again in a holding area. Our team came flocking to us and complimented at how well we both did. Haymitch was in the middle of telling us something before he stopped mid sentence a stared behind me. I looked back to see the boy from Two once again staring at my body before looking me in the eyes. I couldn't quite place what was in his eyes but they stared at me hungrily like I was a piece of meat he was dying to eat. The boy started to make his way over to us, Haymitch noticing ushered everyone else to the elevator. I stood still at I watched him swagger over. "So how does someone from District Twelve afford a procedure so expensive?" He asked, authority riddled in his voice. "I couldn't, I was unlucky enough to be one of there test subjects as a baby." I tell him, still not sure what he wanted. He smiled at me, it was dark and mysterious, before leaning down to my ear. "Is it true people like you are freaks between the sheets?" My eyes widen as I blush in embarrassment. "I have no clue what you're talking about. Now if you don't mind I have to go." I went to leave but before I could the boy pinned me against the carriage behind me. He leant in and pressed his warm body against mine. I bit my lip knowing I had already given myself away, he knew I liked what he was doing. "Meet me on the rooftop tonight cutie, what's your name anyway?" "P-Peeta." I answer as his hand slowly move down to my hips. "Well Peeta I'll see you tonight at ten. And I'm Cato by the way." He slowly backs away, giving my body a one over again before turning around and walking back to his mentor and district partner. I stood there for a minute trying to cool myself down. Obviously he was full of himself, but he just exuded sexual ferocity and confidence. I couldn't help but feel something for him. My brain mentally slapped me as I got a hold of myself before making my way to the twelfth floor. I wasn't even sure if I would show up, I mean my curiosity was getting the better of me but how did the saying go about the cat again? Once on the twelfth floor I was shown my room. I quickly showered and changed before joining everyone for dinner. Haymitch hounded me about what Cato had wanted, I lied and said he just wanted to introduce himself. I didn't mention he wanted to meet me later, I thought it wouldn't go down well. At ten I found myself heading towards the elevator and heading up to the roof. It was beautiful up here and as I stared down at the city below I got lost in what brought me here. I didn't even hear the elevator doors open or Cato walk up behind me. When he put a hand on my shoulder I jumped at turned to face him. I was greeted by what I could tell was his signature smirk. "You came." AN: alright hope you liked it so far, I know this chapter is kind of boring but as you know I like to set everything up in the first chapter. Please review, they mean the world. Xoxo mattiboi.