the way that his Adam's apple bobs when he swallows, or the way he smelled like cookies and cheese buns when he leaned over her to grab his hoodie, which she'd apparently been using as a makeshift pillow while she slept. Eventually silence filled the van again and she felt herself fading in and out of consciousness before finally succumbing to sleep again. " Katniss. Hey Katniss. Wake up ." She can feel a gentle caress on her arm and a soft voice lulling her out of her slumber. When she opens her eyes she realizes her predicament. She's snuggled into Peeta Mellark's side as he leans against the glass, essentially pinning him to it. She realizes that they're alone in the van and they're parked under the canopy of a large hotel. " We're here, Katniss." " Oh, sorry ." She recoils from the warmth of his body as if he's on fire. He rubs his hand on the back of his neck, smiling sheepishly at her. " It's fine, really. I ummmmm, slept really well." She shrugs. " Yeah, I guess I did too." They unload from the van awkwardly and she follows him silently into the lobby, inhaling the scent of her father's sweatshirt while she walks. They meet up with the rest of the group as they're checked into the hotel and given their room assignments. Katniss is paired with a quiet, severe looking girl named Enorbia, who must have been in the other van. She doesn't look like she's the type for female bonding, thankfully. After everyone heads up to their rooms, Katniss and Peeta linger awkwardly in the lobby, Katniss picking at invisible lint on her jeans while Peeta shuffles his feet and shoves his hands in his pocket. Finally, he steps forward, looking like there might be something he wants to say, but obviously thinks the better of it and steps back again. " See you tomorrow, Katniss ." He starts towards the elevator and she remains rooted to the spot, not daring to share an enclosed space with him right now, especially since she could vividly recall what it felt like to be snuggled into his warm embrace less than a half hour ago. But as he walks away, her curiosity gets the better of her. " Hey Peeta?" " Yeah?" " Explain. Why you did it. Gave me the food." He sighs. "I told you, Katniss. I ordered way too much, and I didn't want it to…" " No, not that food. The lunches. Why did you sponsor me? You didn't even know me. Why!?" He looks at her in shock for a second, clearly not anticipating this question. Finally his eyes soften, and he slowly approaches her. Once he's standing mere inches away from her, he reaches forward and tucks a stray hair behind her ear, leaning in towards her face. Katniss can't help the small sigh that escapes her mouth at the close proximity and she closes her eyes. She can hear and feel him edging close to her, until finally, he rests his hand tentatively on her waist, leans in, and places a lingering kiss on her cheek. " You know why ," he whispers to her, and she realizes that in some way, one she's not quite ready to acknowledge, she does know. She can practically taste his sweet breath, with a faint hint of cinnamon. She can't help but feel a small loss when he finally pulls away. With that he turns and walks towards the elevators again, not looking back, and leaving Katniss frozen in place, with a strange and unfamiliar knot in the pit of her stomach. Not unlike hunger, but, different . Like her heart might beat out of her chest. Like her whole body is on fire even though it's cold inside the hotel lobby. She can still feel his fingers where he'd caressed her arm, his hand where he'd held her waist, his lips where he's kissed her cheek. She couldn't help the stray thoughts that wandered into her mind, like whether or not he'd be working without a shirt in the Louisiana heat tomorrow, like those construction workers on that Diet Coke commercial she's seen with Madge. (She had to admit, the image of Peeta Mellark, shirtless, wielding a hammer, was not entirely unwelcome. Not entirely .) Her thoughts started to wander further still, to what those hands might feel like running down the side of her body, or what those lips might feel like on her own, or maybe on her neck, or on her….. oh ! " Oh no ," was all she could think. This was going to be a very long week. Beetee is named for world-famous theoretical physicist Richard Feynman. Wiress is named for one the smartest female computer scientists, Grace Hopper. Brutus is named for famous bodybuilder Aaron Maddron. Mags is named for sociologist and political activist Hedy d'Ancona. Thom is named for architect Charles Ormond Eames. 'Panem U' is located about 40 miles outside the mining town of Centralia, PA, and about 2 hours away from Johns Hopkins University, in Baltimore, Md. Panem U's mascot is the fighting chicken, but used to be the fighting roosters. (Get it?) *wink* Cashmere and Gloss are named for Paris and Nikki Hilton. The road trip from PA to New Orleans is about 17 hours. The fast food restaurant they stop at is Popeye's, of course. It's not written in the story, because I couldn't find the right place for it, but it's implied that Peeta sponsored Prim's lunches, too. He sent them to the middle school with Delly's little brother. The Switzer Foundation Fellowship is a $15,000 fellowship given to graduate students in environmental studies. It's technically only available in New England and California, but I took some artistic liberties. I also mention there scholarships and grants, so Katniss has enough in grants/scholarships/fellowships to cover living expenses, tuition, and have the extra to save for Prim.