my eye. Something in the pile of weapons we didn't want. There's a shining golden bow and a burning sheath of arrows. I run to the pile and grab the bow and arrows and throw them into the lake and put my hands in the cool water as well. I have a bow and arrows! Jason and I could win now! He has his knives and with me having a bow, we could really win. My hands feel like they're on fire even though I have them dangling in the cool lake water. Jason asks me if we should move for the night into a tree or something, but I can't stand having my hands out of the water for more than a couple seconds. We stay at the burning camp overnight. In the morning I wake up to Jason shaking me. "Hagger did it! He hasn't forgotten us!" Jason says ripping open a sponsor gift. It has a bottle of medicine. It smells like the stuff we use for burns back home. I can finally leave the lake. I apply a coat of medicine to my hands and the burning sensation disappears. Thank you, Hagger. "Thanks," I say to the blue sky. "You think we can move now?" Jason asks. "Yeah, I'm fine now that my hands aren't on fire," I say. We move in the opposite direction the boy from district eight took as he was chased by Brandon. We keep moving until about three in the afternoon. As we sit by a stream eating duck, we hear the loud boom of a cannon. I think there goes district eight boy. "I guess Brandon is on his own," Jason says. "What about the district ten girl?" I reply. I know the huge district eleven boy won't ever ally with Brandon. "Probably out there somewhere hiding. I don't think Brandon would team at this point anyway," Jason says. "Why not? It would help him," I ask. "At this point I think the only thing teaming would get either of them is a knife in the back," he says. "True," I say understanding what he means. Just then there is a rustling in the leaves and a huge pack of wild lion monster things come from the brush, and Jason and I take off running backward. Toward the lake. Toward the cornucopia. Toward the place where the Capital is sure to get a bloody fight out of us. Out in the open. The lions are gaining on us every second, and we eventually emerge on the open plain where we started the games. Just then there is a shriek from the other side of the cornucopia. Jason and I continue running from the beasts. I realize this may be the finale of the games. I decide the safest place is the cornucopia. On top of it. Jason doesn't hesitate to come up after me, seeing the pack of lions is on his heels. They claw at his feet as he climbs up, me helping him. We are on the top now and I look over the other side. There is a huge lion on top of the girl from district ten. She has wavy blond hair. Eyes as green as emeralds. I remember her name. She was the one that everyone thought of as the prettiest tribute. Because of that hair and those eyes. Her name was...Ginger! She looks so scared. She's only about fourteen. Not nearly as big as the rest of us. I can't help feeling sorry for her. The dog takes one final bite of her throat, and I watch her die. She's dead, but then she starts flailing around. Then her cannon goes off. She transforms before my eyes to a ravage beast. The dead tributes. All of them. They are the ones coming after us now. The big one that was on her...Nikki! Nikki was always a big, strong girl. That coat the dog wears is the same as Nikki's hair was. The small blond dog is yipping and clawing the golden surface of the cornucopia. I guess the Capitol has a lot of free time. To make humans transform into lions. One of the many reasons I hate the Capitol. The only things they do are against us. Never with us. Jason snaps me back to reality. "Maysilee! Wake up!" he screams. I realize I'm standing on the golden cornucopia staring into space, thinking to myself about the lions who are the opponents who have already been killed. Just then the big boy from district eleven comes barreling onto the open plain, being chased by Brandon. Brandon is wielding the silver sword that he got from the cornucopia when the game started. I lift my bow, position an arrow, and let it fly into Brandon's heart. He collapses on the ground. His cannon goes off. I look away. I don't want to watch even him change into a beast of a lion. The lions have given chase to the district eleven boy, and I realize if I kill him, or if the lions kill him, Jason and I are going to have to fight. To kill one and other. The big boy from eleven is jumped on by a lion that can only be Brandon. Who else could be that big and powerful? The district eleven boy's cannon goes off. Before Jason can do anything, I shove my own knife into my heart. As I fall from the cornucopia, onto the ground, I silently say goodbye to Sophie and Eli. Good luck guys, I hope you grow up to have children that aren't drawn into any reapings. I hit the ground, close my eyes, and just as I drift away, I hear a boom of a cannon that can only mean that I let Jason win. My mission is complete. He got home. I can only think of one thing as I'm leaving life, I wish you the best of luck Jason. THE END