its sheet underneath. They climb inside, and after that, the cold isn't much of a problem. While he can only hope it's a new, better experience from her last, it's definitely different for him. Haymitch is used to darkness, not much eye contact, nothing prolonged - just coping with people he trusted but didn't love. With Johanna, he works to make sure she's sated as well as cherished. He doesn't have time to anguish over the first time - she doesn't let him - but the second they both enjoy, taking their time exploring the other. After, he holds her close, warm and tired and unbelievably happy. He considers telling her he loves her but decides against it, planning on a time where it won't seem at all insincere. Instead, he kisses her head, and she smiles up at him, and soon they're laughing and writhing again like this was why they disobeyed orders in the first place. They always said they needed each other. One morning he finds Beetee's note in his back pants pocket. Unfolding it, Haymitch reads a bunch of numbers. It's not Beetee's phone number, he knows, or even a phone number at all when there aren't enough numbers in the first set to be an area code. He keeps it with him the entire day, studying it during his breaks. He shows it to Johanna as they walk home, and she tells him it's a date. "For what?" he asks as he looks it over again and, scolding himself, recognizes the set of numbers. "It ain't the reaping day or anything." Johanna shrugs. "I don't know. It hasn't passed yet so I guess we'll just see what happens on that day." He kisses her - just because. "I bet it's the end of the world." "Beetee would know that," she agrees, smiling against his lips. Summer is nearing, and they're not sure how to prepare for a summer without a Hunger Games or a war. Beetee's message has left Haymitch on edge, and he fears the date. The signal goes out for a mandatory viewing one day, which leaves the district uneasy. Televisions automatically switch on that night, another familiar procedure from before the rebellion. Leaving their plates of chicken and greens at kitchen table, Johanna sits on the couch and watches morosely as the new seal of Panem flashes on the screen along with the new national anthem. When Haymitch doesn't join her immediately, she turns and finds him searching a drawer for the slip of paper. "Hey, while you're over there, hold my dick." "Hilarious." Haymitch scans the date, just to be sure, and it's not today. While he sighs in relief, his curiosity wills the day to arrive sooner. "You didn't laugh," Johanna whines, crestfallen, as he joins her on the couch. "What's Coin said so far?" he asks, nodding toward the screen. Johanna sighs. "Well, she began by saying that we've been very, very obedient Thirteen clones and that it's quite remarkable no one's so much as complained about how there should have been more people present when we supposedly elected her." "Are you lying, by chance?" He smiles and shushes her immediate retort to listen. On screen, President Alma Coin drones on about the duty of the people versus the duty of a leader. "I have weighed the outcome and discussed this decision with my advisors, and unanimously, we agree that Panem must end the war fairly in order to settle any resentment between District Fourteen and the other districts. We will finish with what the former Capitol has started, and from then on, we will grow as one united nation." "Oh, shit ." Haymitch leans forward in his seat, shaking his head at the president, incredulous. "Oh, fuck ," Johanna echoes as Coin's intentions become clear to her as well. President Coin announces a final Hunger Games, reaping from the children of the former Capitol. As she lists the details, Haymitch pulls Beetee's message from his pocket, his hand shaking. "The reaping will commence on the day of the rebel's liberation, the day our Mockingjay martyred herself for the greater good of Panem." Haymitch hands Johanna the paper. "He must have known." Johanna rips it to pieces. "The end of the world, all right." They sit there, fuming in their own ways: Johanna glowers at the television and mutters profanities, her neck splotching, while Haymitch has his head in his hands, thinking so hard his ears burn. "We have to fight back again. It can't end this way; it won't work," he mutters. Damn it all. If people can be trusted with anything, it would be this cycle of false hope and hypocrisy and violence against each other. One final Hunger Games won't end the war - it'll only spark more generations of bloodlust and even District Fourteen's own uprising, and constant political unrest isn't a good look on Panem. Johanna shakes her head. "Haymitch, we're not ready for another war. We won't be able to handle it so soon." "Oh, I know," he replies, innocently yet anything but. Her eyes search his unperturbed expression for an answer. Giving up, she says, "Okay, I seriously don't understand what the hell you're talking about, then." "There can't be a war if there ain't anyone to fight against." At that, Johanna's face darkens but her eyes are alight with mischief, much like his own. "Oh, we couldn't." But she knows they most certainly could . Assassinating a woman whose plans would unravel everything the rebellion had fought for would be the nobler of their kills. "Why the doubt, my girl?" Haymitch asks, wrapping an arm around her, grinning like the world is ending and he knew it would, knew for a long enough time to have a plan to stop it. Beetee knew, and he had warned Haymitch that something was coming that would determine their nation's future, and he had hope entrusting it with Haymitch. "We've broken the rules before."