he is recalling a memory. "The things that I paint... they help me differentiate what's real and what's not real... the fake memories always come out a little odd when painted," This leaves me wondering again, how do the fake scenes come out differently than the real ones? He certainly hasn't played the "real or not real" game with me in ages, so he has either gotten tremendously good at telling the "shiny" memories from the real ones, or is asking someone else. This of corse leads me into another train of thought, who could he be asking? It's not like there are a whole lot of people left to talk to, the war took almost everyone we cared about, only two names come to my mind, Johanna, and Haymitch. Out of the two I'd have to assume Haymitch would be his verifier, seeing that Johanna is thousands of miles away, and remembering the past year doesn't settle well with her either. Peeta watches me carefully while I put it all together, or at least what I think is together. I don't remember the last time I spoke to Haymitch, but I can't say I'm in a hurry to see him, too many bad memories. I decide that's a conversation for another day, and steer the conversation away from our drunk neighbor, "What do you have planned for today?" Peeta looks slightly stunned, usually plans are limited to eating, sitting in front of the fire, and screaming when my demons visit at night. His mouth opens for a second, considering the possibilities of what to do with me. "I mean what were you going to do?" I figure I can hang out with him, like we used to. "I have a new recipe I was going to try out..." his voice trails, knowing I don't have a particular interest in baking, but he's been far too good to me I cannot be even more of a burden to disrupt his plans. "What are you making?" "Banana pudding," this peaks my interest, I have only heard of bananas, never seen one or tasted one, I think they come from district three or four, somewhere where the weather is hot and sticky year round. Pudding on the other hand I have had, once with Cinna, in the capital, it tasted pretty good, despite it's off putting appearance and consistency. "Well lead the way," this puts Peeta off again, I doubt he's had any company at all in the kitchen since the days he worked with his brothers at his family bakery. I push off the floor, bringing a pale blue blanket draped around my frail shoulders, and follow an almost hesitant Peeta into the large kitchen I was entitled to after the games. Peeta begins pulling out ingredients I can't name out of cupboards, he reaches into a large painted bowl and pulls out curved yellow things, bananas I assume. He works quickly, measuring and mixing and pouring. He's picking up the bananas when he notices my silent evaluation of the new food. He peels the skin back,and breaks off a chunk of the paler inside food, and hands it to me, cautiously I raise it to my mouth. It's soft, and tastes like it's color, but maybe a little more forthcoming and bold than the paleness would suggest. I decide I like it. "It's good," I offer from my place on the counter, where my blanket has acquired a white powder lining from being around Peeta's baking supplies. "When can I have the rest of it?" "Well it has to sit for a few hours, then we can eat." I look outside to the sun to see what time it is, I can't find a clock anywhere in the kitchen. It's about 11 in the morning, I gather from the shadows. While we wait for the pudding to set we lay on the sofa in silence, my head on his lap, him playing with my hair. It's the closest I've gotten to peace in as long as I could remember, I don't mind spending the following hours like that. Eventually my stomach interrupts the serenity with a rumble and Peeta insists we eat, he looks down to my stomach, where my sweater has pulled up, revealing my prominent hip bones. I know he's right, that I have neglected my body in the past weeks, months, however long it has been. I help myself to a plate of pasta mixed with herbs and meat and for dessert, three bowls of banana pudding, the whole process puts a wide smile on Peeta's face. My face however is uneasy after my third bowl, so much food in such a short amount of time does not settle well in my stomach that is acquainted with the emptiness it used to hold. Quickly I am out of my chair, throwing up into the white tile sink, Peeta follows a second later, holding back my hair, rubbing small soothing circles on my back. Once I am done retching Peeta fills a glass with water and makes me drink, "So pudding isn't your strong suit huh?" he teases, and I roll my eyes. After all the excitement Peeta wraps me in blankets in front of the fire once again, a bucket close by, and feeds me crackers and pushes glasses of water into my hands. We sit in silence, him handing me crackers, me obediently munching on them, and I begin to think I could get used to this. Not the throwing up part. But the part where Peeta and I can sit in silence comfortably, or talk, if we want. It's not perfect, but he's all I've got left now. I wrote this as a one shot but I feel like it can be expanded, please let me know if you would like more chapters to explore their relationship more. I hope everyone enjoyed the story, let me know what you thought in the reviews please! -MGB