We are not alone ever, as I blink my eyes looking around the room I see Katniss's mother Lucy and her cute little sister Prim. They are both smiling at the sight of Katniss and I wearing only their nightgowns, I'm glad they are happy for Katniss and me because I know if it was my mother she would kill to keep us apart. I feel Katniss stir and slowly awake, she then even slower sits up and quickly spots her mother and sister smiling at us. At first she just blinks but then she jumps up like she normally does whenever her sister and mother see us sleeping next to each other, I think she expecting a lecture on how sleeping with your girlfriend is bad by her mother on all those occasions. But that never happing Katniss's mother just politely says good morning and her sister sometimes joins us crawling under the covers to snuggle with us, I don't know why Katniss acts this way but it's just something more I find cute about her and love. "Good morning you two" Lucy says now she knows we are both awake. "Good morning mum" Katniss says calming down. "Morning Prim" "Morning Lucy, Prim" I greet them, I stopped calling Lucy Miss Everdeen after a month when she asked me to stop and since then I've been just calling her Lucy. "Sleep well" "We did thank you" Lucy replies as she and Prim walks closer. "You two did too b the looks of things" "Apart from a few nightmares we did" I tell her as she and Prim take a seat, Katniss sits back down next to me. "Good you two will need to be well rested for what is to come" Lucy says and both Katniss and I go silent. We know that today is the start of the Victor tour, the start of the day when we will be forced to act for our lives. We may have won the Hunger Games and be popular in the Capital but the people in the Districts are on the verge of rebelling and President Snow blames Katniss and I for it, if we don't convince them to stop then Katniss and I along with our families will be killed. I hate this because of the danger we are in and the fact that we can't predict the outcome, I hate that our fates in the hands of others and I hate that Katniss's life is on the line after we fought so hard during the Hunger Games. We were meant to live in peace for the rest of our life's and now we are being forced to play a game that more deadly than the Hunger Game's, this time it's not just my own life I'm risking but the life's of all those I love. It's happened before both Johanna and Haymitch lost all their friends and families to President Snow's wrath after they displeased him and refused to do what he told them, now Haymitch is a drunk and Johanna is lonely and reckless sleeping with many men and women but never more than once, apart from me of course but that stopped when I found Katniss the one beacon of light in this dark depressing life we all live. And now unless we want to become like them we have to be pawns in this deadly game and hope we are successful, I don't think never Katniss or I could handle the consequence if we fail and one of us is allowed to live. But I debt that, I don't think Katniss or I will survive if we fail. "Everyone should be here for twelve" Lucy continues bringing my attention back to the room. "You two need to remember to be here for then" "We will we aren't going out today" Katniss says nut she doesn't mean we are not going out of the house, she means out of the District. Haymitch warned us not to go outside of the perimeter fence that surrounds District Twelve but both Katniss and I love the woods, we couldn't last two weeks before we broke our promise of staying out of the woods but it was worth it. Katniss took me out hunting with her early one morning and it was the most fun I have had since arriving in District Twelve, we caught two rabbits and several squirrels but the best part of the day was when we stopped to rest in small little cave. We started a small fire and ate on of the rabbits for lunch, the rabbit was great and later when we started to kiss I could taste it on Katniss's lips. That time was great because we were alone, because for the first time we could be ourselves and because for the first time we knew no one was watching us reporting what we were up to back to President Snow. We stayed in that cave for over an hour talking about stuff which would get us arrested if a Peacekeeper overheard us, stuff like how bad peoples life's were which the Capital ignores, how brutal the Peacekeepers where in District Seven compared to here, back in District Seven they would be you till you're a bloody mess dying on the ground but here they will break the law if it suits them and let criminals like Katniss of the hook. If Katniss and I chose to live in District Seven then she would been shoot by the Peacekeepers, here thought the Peacekeepers are her best customers. "We are just going to the hob and to see Haymitch before the tour" I say taking over from Katniss. "Hopefully he's sober enough to be of use" I doubt that snice he started drinking more and more the closer we got to toady, he must be remembering horrible memories of his own Victor Tour. "If not then we will just wake him like her asked us too"