the welcoming, you will be taken to the stage on which Caesar Flickerman does his interviews with the tributes. There you will be reaped into partners. You will have a short break between the two events so your stylists can get you changed." "Alright. How will we be mentored since we won't necessarily be paired with our District partner?" I ask. "You will still be mentored as District Twelve and share the same apartment at the training center with Peeta, Effie, and I." I nod in understanding and shove a forkful of eggs into my mouth. "Table manners Katniss!" Effie screeches. I ignore her and earn a chuckle from Haymitch. "What good will table manners really do her at this point Effie?" He questions. Effie huffs and goes back to her paper. "Is there anything else we should know that will be different this year?" Peeta inquires, looking up from his plate. "Hmm. Oh, umm, the interviews are different this year too." "How so?" I ask through a mouthful of oatmeal. "You will be interviewed with your partner." I grimace and pray that whoever I am with is better with people than I am. No one says anything else for quite a while. I'm fine with that. I like silence. It speaks the most truth. I drift off into thoughts of Prim and Gale. How are they? Do they miss me? Are they ok? Will they have enough to eat? I'm pulled from my thoughts as Peeta moves over to the window. "There it is!" From where I'm sitting I can see tall and abnormal shaped buildings. Soon we begin to enter the train station and the crazy Capitol people are waving at us. Peeta begins waving back. I grunt and continue to eat. "Come on Katniss! They love it!" Peeta says gleefully. I roll my eyes and stay where I am. "Well, it looks like one of you will at least get some sponsors." Anger courses through me at Haymitch's statement. I quickly grab my knife and go to stab his hand that is reaching for the jam. It wedges in the table between two of his fingers. "That is mahogany!" Effie screams at me. He pulls it out of the table and holds it out to me. "Better keep this sweetheart. Peeta knows what he's doing." After three tortuous hours of plucking, waxing, and who knows what else, my prep team says I'm ready to meet my stylist. I'm still laying on the cold metal table when he enters. I am stunned by his appearance. The only thing that is abnormal about him is a thin line of gold eyeliner on his eyelids. Other than than, he has tan skin and short black hair. He is dressed in all black as well. "Hello Katniss. I'm Cinna, your stylist." "Hi." I whisper shyly as I sit up. He shakes my hand and looks me in the eye. "What you did was very brave. I'm sorry you're here, but I promise to help you in any way I can." "Most people just congratulate me." "I don't see the point in that." I smile at Cinna. I like him. "Now, tonight you have the parade and then the reaping. As usual, you will be dressed in something that reflects your District for the parade." "Yeah, we're always coal miners." "But not this year. I want you to stand out, make an impression. How do you feel about fire?" He asks with a kind smile on his face. Peeta and I are standing in our chariot wearing matching black leotards with capes flying behind us. Cinna is walking our way with something in his hand. "Alright guys, it's time." "Are you sure this is safe?" I ask. "It's synthetic fire. It won't hurt you." "Ok. I trust you." Cinna nods and smiles before lighting our capes. "Go get em'!" He hollers. Our chariot lurches forward and I plaster on a look of determination and strength. The crowd is screaming and whooping loudly as I see the first few chariots pull into their sight. Only five more before we will be seen as well. Four. Three. Two. Now. There is almost a hiccup in the crowd as they quiet for a second and then they roar louder than they have so far. They love what Cinna has done with our outfits. I hear them whistling and chanting District 12. Peeta reaches for my hand, and I pull it back. "Come on. They'll love it." He tells me. I don't hesitate then as I put my hand in his and he raises them for the crowd to see. If I thought they were loud before, well hell. I'm glad they love us. I'll need their money. But I hate them. I hate them for doing this to us. I hate them for cheering on our deaths. I hate them for being so naive. I hate them for taking so many innocents away from their families. I just hate them. I feel my anger boil and it's as if Cinna's fire ignites within me. That's when I hear it. They are shouting my name and throwing roses at me. I manage to catch one and hold it up in my other hand. I let a small smile slip on my face to please them. Before I know it we are all in a line in front of the President. He quiets the crowd and then his voice fills the whole area. "Welcome, welcome! Tributes welcome. We are very excited to have you here and will see you again shortly at your next reaping. Happy Hunger Games and may the odds be ever in your favour." I hate him . Alright! So there's the first chapter! I hope you guys enjoyed it. The reaping will be in the next chapter. I was going to put it in this one, but I thought I would just make you all wait a little bit ;) Thanks for reading!