Here is the place where I love you. Deep in the meadow, hidden far away. A cloak of leaves, a moon beam ray. Forget your woes, and let your troubles lay. And when again it's morning, they'll wash away. Here it's safe, and here it's warm. Here the daisies guard you from every harm. Here your dreams are sweet, and tomorrow brings them true. Here is the place where I love you." A cannon sounded as Katniss's voice trailed off, confirming what they already knew. Rue was dead. "I'm sorry…" Katniss sobbed weakly as she closed the dead girl's eyes and lay her down gently on the ground, leaning down to press an almost motherly kiss on her forehead. The camera cut away suddenly as she let out a scream of pure rage and threw Marvels bloodied spear back towards his body, the image of Caesar and Claudius in their studio showing on all three screens for the first time that day. Caesar let out a deep breath. "Well wasn't that an unexpected turn of events?" he asked with a deep chuckle, leaning back in his chair and spreading his hands wide. "Indeed it was, Caesar, indeed it was," Claudius agreed, turning his seat to face the blue haired host of the Hunger Games. "We're down to, what the final…the final…?" "Six," Caesar gasped dramatically after checking with something behind the cameras that were filming them. "Ladies and Gentlemen, we are now down to our final six Tributes." "Amazing…" Claudius muttered, settling back in his chair as images of the final six Tributes appeared on the screen behind them, Caesar introducing each one with practised ease. "Katniss and Peeta, our star crossed lovers of District 12. Cato and Clove, the formidable pair from District 2. Finch, the clever little girl from District 5. And the mysterious Thresh from District 11, Rue's partner who we haven't seen much of thus far." "Who could have predicted a surprise like this so late in the Games?" Claudius chuckled. "Not me, that's for sure!" Caesar guffawed before the two smaller screens finally switched back to showing footage from inside the Arena, the one on the left show Cato still cradling Adya's body in his arms but no longer sobbing hysterically while the screen on the right showed Katniss gathering wild flowers, using her knife to cut through the stems. They didn't have any wild flowers in District Eight. There was nowhere suitable for them to grow. The only trees they had in District Eight were beyond the electric fence which surrounded the large industrial area, separating them from the supposed "dangers" out there. "What is she doing?" Mikhail couldn't stop himself from asking softly as they watched Katniss return to Rue's body where she began laying out the flowers. Some she gathered into a bouquet which she slipped into the little girls hands, resting upon her chest, whilst most of them were placed on the ground around her body, a mixture of delicate looking white flowers that reminded him of the lace they made in one of the oldest factories and long blue flowers that were the same colour as the headscarf his mother wore. It took her some time to complete her task and by the time she was finished the light was fading around them, their bellies rumbling with hunger and Rue looked like a sleeping princess from one of the old "fairy tales" some of the oldest workers knew. Gathering up her things Katniss paused to press one final kiss to Rue's foreheads before turning and walking away from the memorable body…only to stop suddenly and turn towards a camera she could obviously see high up in one of the trees. Moving slowly she brought her right hand to her mouth, her thumb holding her little finger to her palm, and kissed the tips of her fingers before raising it towards the camera. Mikhail frowned. He remembered the people of her District doing this when she volunteered instead of applauding and no one knowing quite what to make of it. And then, at the front of the crowd, someone mimicked her salute back St the screen. And then another hand was lifted into the air. And another. And another until everyone bar Mikhail had kissed three of their fingers on their right hand and saluted the girl for her compassion and loyalty to her friend, even though her actions earlier that day had effectively ended the life of one of their own Tributes. Never let it be said that the people of District aright weren't an understanding bunch. Finally he moved, copying her movements exactly and joined the others in a silent show of solidarity, the Peacekeepers obviously flustered, unsure what to do. "Goodbye Adya," he found himself whispering as he stood there with his hand raised. "I won't forget you. None of us will. I promise you that. You will be remembered." A/N - I'd originally intended for this to be a Prologue but then it kept getting longer…and longer…and then hey presto, twenty odd pages later we have a complete chapter. And it was even worse writing Adya's death scene a second time than it was the first time! You may also have noticed that this isn't the "fluffy and light" project I intended to do to recover from 'No One Knows Who I Am' and this is simply because of the awesome response I got from you guys who, understandably, were quite upset with me and demanding more. Well, here you go! As you can tell it's going to be slightly different but I hope you'll still like it. Also if you're interested which actors I've based my many…many…OC's on I will post a list at some point but probably not until I've actually introduced them all. Don't want to ruin the surprise. I'm going to stop talking now as this looks more like an essay than an author's note. Comments and Suggestions are most definitely welcome! X