silently. Our Aidan, scatterbrained and careless, might not be the most perceptive of lads, but at some point, even he will notice the lack of sleep, the listlessness and the worry of his parents. "It's not going to be an easy conversation to have," I finally reply. "But it needs to be done," Katniss finishes for me, "he needs to know before someone else tells him." She's right of course, but I just lie down on my back and stare at the stars in silence. Within a few minutes, she lies down next to me and seeks comfort from my arms, which I gladly give her. We lie in silence for a while, the squeals and yelling of Aidan and his friends interrupted at regular intervals by Alba's gentle scolding. Delly's youngest, Ben, offered to come and help supervise the children with her and Katniss agreed before I even had the time to protest. He has taken up the unacceptable notion of courting my daughter, and I am not particularly keen on this arrangement. As soon as I recover my wits, I'm going to have a thorough chat with this young man. Katniss will not be pleased. For some strange reason, she seems to like Ben Styles almost as much as my daughter. "What are you frowning about?" she murmurs as she nuzzles my neck. "Ben bloody Styles," I reply, unable to fight off an indignant growl as the sound of my daughter's laughter travels to the roof. "She's happy and she's young. Let her be," my wife replies, placing gentle kisses on my neck. I mumble something incoherent and all thoughts about lanky, dark haired sixteen year old boys vanish from my thoughts for the time it takes me to kiss my wife and leave her breathless. "I love you," she whispers as I break away. Even after all these years, it still feels like I'm hearing it for the first time. "I know it's still hard for you to say it," I reply softly, "thank you, I love you too". "We need to go down soon," she reminds me with a rueful smile. She's right. In a few minutes, the parents of our little guests will be showing up to take them home, and common courtesy dictates that we should be there to greet them. I'm not sure I'm quite ready to leave this haven yet. Roofs seem to have a calming effect on me. "Did I ever tell you how my brothers and I used to spend the night before the Reaping on the roof?" I ask. Katniss shakes her head and smiles. "No, I don't think you ever did," she replies, "but I want to know all about it." So I tell her. I tell her about Naan, serious and protective and oh so strict with me and Barley. I tell her about my crazy, annoying middle brother, who was a jerk but who used to make us laugh with his ill thought ideas and initiatives. I tell her about the nights on the roof, my tears, and I tell her about my father and his cookies. As I recount this, she finally realises why he had brought them for her the day she volunteered instead of Prim, and looks up to the stars to whisper her gratitude. "I miss them, Katniss," I confess after I finish talking. "Just as you miss Primrose, I miss my family, so much." She laces her fingers through mine, and brings my hand to her lips. "You're not alone, you know," she tells me seriously. "you have me, Alba and Aidan, and we love you more than you can possibly imagine." I do feel alone sometimes, but then I remember my family, and my life is once again full of their warmth and love, and just them. "I know," I reply with a small smile. "And they're still here, you know," she adds and sits up, pulling me with her. "Look at Aidan, that thing he does when he laughs, that little clap, that's all Barley," she grins, pointing at our son as laughs that contagious guffaw of his at something a friend of his is telling him. I grin back at her because I realise that she's totally right. "Alba's eye roll and the cocking of her head to one side when she scolds Aidan?" she continues as she prompts me with a look. "Naan," I reply, smiling widely. "And her childhood game of spreading her toys all over the house and pretending to find them in the street? The one where she used to pretend to take them to the hospital to take care of them?" "Prim," she replies wistfully as she strokes my face gently. Perhaps the loved ones that we lost still live through the loved ones that we gained after all. "Are they safe? Our children, I mean," I ask, seeking reassurance from my wife. Only she can make it believe it. "They're safe and they're happy," she replies, "because that's what we do you, you and I…" "We protect each other…" "And we protect them. Together." "Together," I repeat as I lean in to kiss her gently. "Mom! Dad! Can you please stop?! There are twelve year olds in the yard!" Alba shrills from behind us, as she leans out of the window that from the attic leads to the roof. "At your age, honestly!" she scolds with her usual eye roll. "I think you should come down. The party is almost over" she adds. Her mother and I stand up and move towards the window, where we hear her talking to Ben. "Seriously, they're always kissing!" she complains. "You're telling me about that? At least your pa's hand is not always stuck to your ma's ass!" That does it. I am slowly and steadily starting to loathe Delly's kid. I need to remind myself to have a chat with my daughter in the coming days. And I might have to rethink her curfew.