signals eleven o'clock. My just above average height allows me to see past the sea of dark hair to the stage as the mayor takes the podium to begin his usual speech. He is a large man for district three, nearly five feet ten, with a rounded girth that suggests three solid meals a day. His voice is not as great as his build would suggest and even with the amplification, his retelling of Panem's history fades into its usual monotonous murmur. To his right sits our Capitol Escort, Carmenius Fallow, his white-blonde hair smoothed into spikes and streaked with electric blue that clashes horribly with his magenta waistcoat. He smothers a yawn and plays with his dangling earring, foot tapping as he waits to launch into his part of the ceremony. This is his fourth year as our escort and has commented repeatedly in interviews about how disappointing the tributes in his care have been. Our two former victors sit on Mayor Redden's left, both trying not to look too bored as they bake in the morning sun that has found a gap through the smog layer. Cupros Glint looks as sour as ever as he shades his eyes, his stringy grey hair as unkempt as his mismatched clothes. In contrast, Beetee Chan sits with his chin resting on his clasped knuckles, the sun glinting off his thick glasses as he glances from face to face in the crowd. He won fourteen years ago, only the second thirteen-year-old victor in the history of the games, and is still quite young looking now. His suit is immaculately pressed, most likely with the new ironing rod that he patented last year. Mister Yoona brought a prototype into our tech class last month for us to take apart and study; the schematic sketch is sitting in a drawer in the side of my bed. I brought it home to examine how the circuitry differed from the electric hairdryers that came into fashion a few years back as my essay project for this term. Something to look at when I get home perhaps. After ten minutes the mumbling pauses and I re-focus to see Mayor Redden gesturing first to Beetee who gives a jerky nod, and then to Cupros, who continues to glare, giving no acknowledgement to the scattered applause from the crowd. Coughing lightly, the mayor turns to Carmenius, who pastes a wide grin on his face and bounds to the microphone. "Now ladies and gents, I hope you're all having a happy Hunger Games?" He pauses, as always for a response from the crowd, then pouts, as always, when there is only silence. "I don't know about you but I'm excited to see our tributes from this wonderful district. I'm sure we'll have a winner this year!" Despite the buoyant note in his voice I recognise these as the same words as every year. It's well known that he is getting desperate for a victor, having moved from Eleven to Three a few years back only to see Chaff Hazelwood win the very next games. This will be his tenth year as an escort in total and he is still chasing that first winner. After a few more banal comments he gleefully rubs his hands together and approaches the giant glass balls. The entire square is suddenly silent enough to hear the jingle of the metal chains dangling from his boots as he steps forwards. Every breath is held as the perfectly manicured hand waves back and forth between one bowl and the other before eventually darting into the midst of the boys' and drawing a single slip of paper. The other girls nearby me relax with their momentary respite, while the boys tremble on the edge of barely controlled fear. Almost directly in front of me a wiry boy with glasses and tufted dark hair is clenching his fists so tightly that his whole body shakes. Carmenius seems to savour the extended moment of silent terror and peels the slip open with great care, smiling at the crowd as he reads the name to himself first. His eyes rove from left to right, as though he knows us well enough to pick the unfortunate out from the sea of ashen faces and one group at a time stiffens in fear then relaxes slightly when his gaze passes. A gentle cough from the stage seems to remind him that the Capitol broadcasters won't be happy if we run overtime in our boring, Career-less district and he finally announces the name. "Stuvek Wash." There is a soft moan from behind me, and I turn to see one of the eighteen-year-old girls biting down on her lip as the tears trickle down her face. The scuffled footsteps make me turn back to see a thin boy, shaking from head to toe, approach the stage. When he turns to face the crowd his eyes focus on a point just over my shoulder and I realize they look alike enough to be related. I hope for both their sakes she isn't chosen next. Please , I think silently as Carmenius prances back to the reaping balls again, forcing the sneer of disgust at another useless tribute away in favour for his manic grin. Please don't choose Balia, please don't choose that poor girl, please, please, please don't choose me. The capitolian's hand plunges again into the depths of the paper-filled orb and comes away with two slips. I repeat my silent mantra as the crowd holds its breath, watching him weigh each hidden name up before finally dropping one back. Again I wonder if he enjoys the cruel taunting, the knowledge that whichever pour soul is chosen could have been free by his dropping the other slip. "Wiress Ling." There is a muffled sob of relief behind me and I have a moment to be glad for the girl before I realize what I just heard. My name. Me. But I don't want to die.