looks presentable, by wiping it with a cloth and removing any knick-knacks and medicinal supplies my mother uses. I then lay out the bakery items, being careful to arrange them neatly and cautiously, as if they were made of glass. Just as I finish laying out the plates, Prim trudges down the stairs, letting out a loud yawn and rubbing her eyes tiredly. But once she sees the delicacies laid out in front of her, she stops dead in her tracks. Her jaw falls slack and her eyes grow as wide as saucers as she takes in the delicious smells and sights, wafting towards her. She gives me the largest grin I have ever seen and bounds up to me, crashing into my body and crushing my thin frame with her surprisingly strong arms. I can't help the smile I give as I wrap my arms around Prim, all thoughts of stubbornness and owing people gone from my mind. "How did you get all this?" Prim shrieks excitedly once she pulls out of my grasp. I don't mention Peeta's pity, so instead I simply say "I got a good haul today". Prim knows I'm not exactly telling the truth, but it doesn't matter. There's food on the table and that's all I care about, ensuring that Prim is fed. We spend the rest of the morning in content silence, devouring our goods, but I'm careful to ensure there is enough left to last the rest of the week. Prim hides her disappointment when I tell her to stop eating them or she'll make herself sick, but she smiles none-the-less and thanks me again. After breakfast, Prim heads out to find Rory and I'm left alone in the house, apart from my mother, who had a few mouthfuls of pastries, then went back to her room. I tried to hide my anger, but I'm almost certain the stupid cat heard my mutters. I'm not interested in talking to Gale; he annoyed me enough this morning and I was not prepared for another argument. So, I decided to occupy myself by cleaning the house. I organised the kitchen, the living room and ensured that everything was in place. I went over our food stores, mapping and planning out the meals I would provide for the rest of the week. Once the house was clean and everything organised, it was only noon. So, I decided to spend the afternoon in the meadow, enjoying the sun and the rare amount of free time I had. I walked out into the meadow, away from the black dusted streets and houses and into the fields. Once I was far enough from the Seam, I lay down in the grass, closed my eyes and exhaled. I allowed my clogged up thoughts to finally catch up with me, and they rolled through my mind over and over again. As much as Gale protested, I knew that I would still provide for his family. I refused to watch Gale's siblings and his mother, Hazel, struggle through another winter without the support of his hunting. So, I made a promise to myself to hunt more frequently, and if that meant losing some time at school, so be it. Then there was Peeta, a fresh issue in my mind. For some reason, even though I knew I shouldn't, I couldn't shake the feeling of anger at Peeta. I kept repeating to myself that he was only acting out of pity, but for some reason, I felt that maybe it was something more. I mean, his father was overly generous, but never that generous. In the end, the thoughts running through my mind began to give me a headache, so, frustratingly; I let out a sigh and emptied my mind. I listened intently to the sounds of nature all around me. The wind rustled the leaves on the trees and the mockingjays sang beautiful melodies. I lay there for what felt like hours, until suddenly, the mockingjays began to screech and the peaceful air was replaced with the sounds of roaring engines. I peeked open my eyes in curiosity, and came face to face with five hovercrafts, speeding towards the center of District 12, directly over my head. Panic sat in, and I shot upright, but then I realised, these hovercrafts weren't from the Capitol. The Seal of Panem wasn't branded on the side but instead; a flag with blue, red and white stripes was in place. Confusion replaced my panic, and I watched intently as they continued to fly towards the town center. I was just about to turn away as I expected them to fly right over the District, but then I heard the first scream, followed by another, and soon there were at least 50 people screaming in terror simultaneously. My heart leapt into my throat, but it wasn't until I saw the first fire-bomb drop from the sky and explode right by the town square, that my body finally caught up to my mind. And I ran. Oh Katniss, she really has no idea about Peeta, does she ;) Don't worry, she'll figure it out soon enough! And I am promising a pretty action packed scene next chapter too, so make sure you keep checking back to see when I've updated the story! Also, I know this was a pretty short chapter, so for the next ones, I am going to be aiming between 4000 and 5000 words :) Thank you guys so much for reading the first chapter of Lifeline! Please leave a review, follow and favourite this story as it will help me to write better chapters for you guys, but it will also encourage me to write chapters more frequently for all you guys too - I am aiming to bring out a new chapter of Lifeline once every week at least, so make sure you follow the story to be notified when I release a new chapter! Thank you all so much! Maddie xx