and she turns the pad so that I can read it. 'I'd die,' she writes, and I swallow hard before shaking my head. "That. Will. Never. Happen," I say surely, before shaking my head again. "You know how I know that?" I ask, and she shakes her head. "Because I will never let you step foot in that arena. Ever," I say seriously, and Annie begins to shake her head while her eyes widen, and I stop her. "No. You'll be fine, do you hear me?" I ask, and her breathing becomes slightly labored. "Shh," I whisper while wrapping my arms around her, and rubbing her back softly. "I promise you, Annie, you're gonna be alright," I say softly to her, and the both of us jump when the loud familiar whistle blows, signaling for all the potential tributes to congregate in front of the Justice Building for the reaping. When the whistle stops, Annie begins trembling violently in my arms and her breathing becomes heavier. I shake my head and quickly pull away before placing my hands on either side of her face, forcing her to look into my eyes. "Annie, hey sweetie look at me," I say gently. "Breathe with me," I say, taking a few deep visible breaths, and slowly she begins to calm down and copy my breaths. After Annie finally gets her breathing under control, I pull her into my arms again and hold onto her for a few moments. "We have to go," I whisper and pull away. She looks at me for a few moments before slowly nodding. I smile slightly before taking her hand and leading the way out of our bedroom. We walk through the living room and to the front door where Reed is waiting, and he pulls both of us into a tight embrace before we exit the house, just like he does every year. "I'll see you two after the reaping, okay?" he asks, and we both nod before clutching onto each other's hands tightly. Together, Annie and I numbly make our way to the Justice Building, stopping only to sign in for the reaping. After the Peacekeeper takes my blood and scans it, she gestures for me to go ahead, so I take a few steps away before pausing, and turning to face Annie who keeps her eyes solely on me. She closes her eyes tightly when the Peacekeeper takes her blood and presses it to the paper. "Go ahead," the Peacekeeper says, and Annie quickly makes her way to me before grabbing onto my hand tightly. I give her a comforting smile before leading the way to the other seventeen year old girls. "Remember, you're gonna be okay," I whisper to her as we take our place, and Annie nods tightly. Minutes later, the doors to the Justice building open and everybody watches as the mayor of our district walks out and takes a seat in one of the available chairs, followed by Mags Silversea, the victor of the 11th Hunger Games, and Finnick Odair, the victor of the 65th Hunger Games. After the mayor and the two previous victors dutifully take their seats, the Capitol escort for District 4, Plumb Verona, steps onto the stage. This year, the color of Plumb's hair and makeup lives up to her namesake, all of which are a rich purple. I narrow my eyes slightly as she smiles happily out at the crowd of children who are potential tributes who will be forced to kill other children while the entire country watches. What absolutely makes me sick about the entire thing is that the people of the Capitol watch the games for entertainment. They love the games, and they bet on them for kicks. It's disgusting. We all listen as Plumb makes her usual welcoming speech before playing the same video from the Capitol that they play every single year. The video which I hardly pay any attention to. Instead, I focus my attention on keeping my sister calm by rubbing her back in soothing circles. When the video ends, we all turn our attention back to Plumb who steps closer to the microphone. "Wasn't that just lovely?" she asks in her Capitol accent with a large smile. "Now, as usual, ladies first," she says, before stepping away from the microphone and to the large glass bowl. My jaw clenches tightly and I reach out and grip Annie's hand in mine, and I subtly wince at how hard she grips my hand. Every girl in the crowd watches as Plumb reaches into the bowl and takes out a slip of paper. The slip of paper which holds the name of the unlucky girl who has been selected to be the female tribute for the 70th Hunger Games. She takes, seemingly slow, steps back to the microphone before sending the crowd a smile, and she opens the slip of paper before taking a deep breath. "Annie Cresta!" she announces cheerfully, unaware of the devastation she just brought upon my family. Four years ago is the last time I ever heard my twin say a word. 'See you soon,' are the last words I ever heard from her. Four years ago is the absolute very last time I've ever heard Annie make even the smallest sound. It really is a shame that the first thing I hear from my twin after all this time is a truly horrifying, ear shattering, blood curdling scream. -ADITO- A/N: I know that this chapter is in first person, but I'm just gonna say now, I don't see them all being that way. I've already started writing the second chapter and it's in 3rd person because that's the point of view that I'm most comfortable writing in. Anyway, I hope you all liked this, and will continue to read it! -I've started a Polyvore collection for this story already. Link is on my profile! Go check it out! Questions? Comments? Suggestions? Leave them in a review!