one doctor, Kaylori. But she's a little," Magenta paused, contemplating what to say. "She's scarred. I guess you could say. You'll be working with her, though." "I've been working with Kaylori," Says Maddox. "I guess I've been the…therapist around here. People come to me for advice or just to talk. Kaylori has been through a lot. She's a little off her rocker." "Who is she?" I asked looking around the table crowded with kids. "Kaylori doesn't eat with us. She won't even come out of the doctor's tent. She only leaves to go to the bathroom and shower. She doesn't like to be around much people. Just the sick ones." Cosmo says to me. "I think Kaylori is just weak," Rozlyn spat. "I don't care if she had horrible things happen to her, we all have! We aren't all crazy! She's just weak and pathetic. She does more harm than help! She shouldn't live here; she's a threat to our society. She shouldn't be working. I can't believe you let her tend Surina, Maddox! She's unstable!" Rozlyn suddenly turned and stomped away. I sat there in disbelief. Why was Rozlyn attacking such an obviously precarious person? Was she that bitter? "What's up with her?" I ask. Molli shakes her head and looks down solemnly. "Excuse me?" Zurri turns to me. "You don't know anything about what she's gone through. You have no right. And Rozlyn is right about Kaylori, she's not to be trusted, especially with our sick and injured. After what she did…so you better shut your mouth asshole." She directed at me, eyes filled with spite. "And Magenta, how dare you even bring up Kaylori!" She stomped after Rozlyn. "What is going on?" I asked in disbelief. They all just shook their heads. Maddox just sighs, exasperated. Somewhere, an alarm clock rang. "Alright people," Maddox says addressing the whole colony. "Prep time!" People pushed the makeshift tables to the side of the room and put the unwrapped food items on the shelves. They put trash in a bin in the corner. Maddox explained that this time was entirely for cleaning up and getting ready for bed before lights out at nine. We had an hour. I hadn't realized time had gone by so fast. January and I helped clean up the rest. They bolted the doors shut at exactly eight-thirty; chain after chain, pressing chairs and other large objects against the door. No one could enter. After we were done cleaning up, everyone went back to their tents and got their things needed for bed. When we got to our tent I grabbed my toothbrush from the bag. I walked to the bathroom nonchalantly, passing kids in sweats and pajamas. I looked down at my dirty clothes. I didn't have much, just two other pairs of pants and shirts. I shrugged. It's not like I change into pajamas every night. I've always slept in my day clothes. I entered the bathroom and had obviously interrupted a heated conversation between Rozlyn, Zurri, and a tall blond, because they all turned from the mirror to give me death stares. "What are you doing here?" Rozlyn spat, her catlike eyes narrowing even more than usual. I was getting tired of putting up with her crap. "What's your problem?" I asked. I walked towards a sink next to the trio, but before I got there blond stepped directly in front of me. She was taller than I thought, a whole head taller than I. She looked down at me with small grey eyes, similar to Rozlyn's. I noticed that she was actually wearing makeup. Who had time for that nowadays? Apparently she did. He thick lips curled up in disgust. Rozlyn shooed her away and stepped close to me. "Right now my problem is you." She said. I laughed. "Why? Because I'm 'taking your food', 'stealing Ash', or am I just taking up your space? You know what I think; I think your just being a needy bitch and if you can't deal with me then I suggest you leave because I'm not going to." She seemed shocked and was thinking over what to say. I folded my arms and glared at her. I heard the door open and someone stand by my. I glanced over at Magenta. "Rozlyn just stop." She said. Rozlyn looked like she didn't know what to say so she pointed her nose in the air and led her group of devils out the door. "Sorry about her. She's always mean." Magenta said. "Why is she like that?" Magenta seemed to think for a while. "Well…I guess I'll just tell you. Rozlyn had a little brother. But when he got here he got sick, really sick. Kaylori was working overtime to try and help him but he just wasn't getting better. He died a month after they had got here," She said solemnly. "Rozlyn thinks Kaylori let him die. But there was nothing she could do." Now I knew why Rozlyn was always so bitter and why she had been so harsh about Kaylori. She was just trying to deal with the pain and the way she dealt with it was by being spiteful. Magenta seemed to shake off the melancholy feeling and managed to change the subject. "Do you like it here?" We both moved to the sink to brush our teeth. "We're adjusting. You guys are pretty organized here so I don't have to worry has much about some things. But still…" "You miss them already, right?" She said through her mouthful of toothpaste. "So much." "Don't worry. Everyone here knows the feeling. It will be alright soon," Magenta said with confidence. She rinsed her mouth and started to leave. "Hey," I said before she left. I hesitated for a second. I wasn't very good at showing appreciation. "Thanks." I smiled. She smiled back. "That's what friends are for." She said goodbye and left. It made me happy to think that finally I had a friend.