breathing. I wanted to badly to wrap my arms around him but I didn't, I just slightly shuffled closer so I could feel his body heat radiating off him. That was enough for me, I felt my body start to raise in temperature. The heat was moving from my middle towards me groin, I felt myself getting hard, extremely, painfully hard. I chewed on my bottom lip and tried to control my breathing. I made sure to keep it slow as I thought of anything I could in hopes it would get my current situation under control. What I didn't expect was Cato to suddenly roll onto his back, eyes wide as if he had not been asleep at all. "Peeta why are you breathing fun-" He stopped mid-sentence once his hang brushed over my crotch, gliding over my clothed hard on. My eyes widened and I let out a whimper of despair before I backed away quickly. "Peeta are you ha-" Cato starts to question. "No!" I basically shout. "It's not what you think, I, I..." I sat up and got out of the bed as Cato turned his lamp back on and turned to me. The light wasn't bright but it showed just how much of a tent I had. My hands quickly covered my indecency. "Peeta why are you are? What horny for me or something?" Cato chuckled in a joking manor but it set me off. I started to sob in frustration, I had been so careful and now he probably knew everything and it would get weird and I'd lose him. I felt the hot salty water cascade from my eyes down my cheeks slowly. Cato's smirk vanished and he crawled towards the edge of the bed towards me which only made me step back and freak out more. "Hey its okay, I've know for awhile now." That stopped me in my tracks, I stared at him completely confused. "You knew? How? How long?" "I dunno I've know for a while and I don't have a problem with it Peeta. I had hoped you would have told me sooner honestly." Cato said as he stood in front of me, his face showing no hatred or disgust like I worried it would. "But this, me feeling this way isn't going to effect or friendship?" I questioned as I watched his body language for any signs that it would and my fears where right. "Why should it, I mean I don't care that you are into guys. We are still best friends Peeta." He smiled genuinely at me. "Guys?" That's when I realised that he didn't know I was in love with him just I was into guys. "Well aren't you?" Cato now asked confused. "What?" I replied kind of all over the place mentally. "Into guys?" He asked. "Well yes, but it's more complicated then that." I sigh, maybe it was time to tell him. Just be completely honest. "What because you like some guy that's straight or is taken or something?" Cato shrugged asking me as if it was nothing. "It's not just some guy that's straight or is taken, I've liked him for years now and I, I just can't tell him because it'll screw things up." I say looking away from him, and realising that thankfully my hard on had finally gone down. "But what if this guy is open to being with you?" Cato asked sitting back on the bed. "It's impossible he's straight." I reply sighing and wiping my face. "How do you know for sure?" "Because he's had over ten girlfriends in all the years I've known him. Its only ever been girls so he's as straight as they come." I wrap my arms around myself and finally look back at Cato. "But what if he was waiting for the right boy to come up and tell him he felt the same way as he did?" Cato asked, he's questions getting more and more confusing to me. "This isn't a fairytale Cato, things don't magically work out for guys like me, especially when I'm looking for my prince charming not a cinderella." I slowly headed back over to the bed and sat next to Cato but made sure to put enough distance between us. Cato sighed. "If only you realised just how special and perfect you are Peeta maybe you'd have seen it sooner." My head snapped in Cato's direction, my brow furrowing in confusion. "What?" "I've been waiting for ever for you to finally fess up about how you feel Peeta." Cato said moving closer. "But, you, I-" I didn't understand, it wasn't making any sense to me at all. "Do you trust me Peeta?" Cato asked shuffling even closer. "I, um, I do." I was getting pulled in by the sight of Cato's lips, his proximity, his warm breathe on my cheek. "Good close your eyes." He said, voice suddenly low and sensual. I did as I wastold, taking a gulp of air as my throat was suddenly bone dry. I waited for a second before sudden soft lips were pressed against my own. My eyes shot open as I realised the situation, I was kissing Cato, my Cato, the boy I had know almost all my life. This moment, this very moment was everything to me and more. I didn't understand how or why it was happening but I didn't care, I was happy. Cato pulled my down back into the bed, arms wrapped around me tightly as we just laid there in silence. And for the first time in my life I thought it might by possible for me to have a happy ending. I know I know it's such a cliché but it kind of just came out of me... but meh... let's hope this means I'm back for good :D. please review, it really does encourage me to work harder at getting back into my writing. But yeah, thanks for reading my lovelies! Xo