what to say rather than choosing to say nothing, Thresh nods at the only living victor of District Twelve and finally understands at what cost it meant for him and Rue to win, and it makes him angry . The rest of the Victory Tour is too fleeting and different for Thresh to appreciate everything. The food is unbelievable, as always, and he likes the forests in Seven, tall and sturdy and quiet yet still imposing. In Seven, he's on the outskirts of yet another feast in their honor, watching Rue dance with Chaff, when a low, feminine voice says behind him, "Sounds like Snow is really jumping the gun to sell you off. Don't worry, it won't be much different from any other victor in the end." He turns around and offers Johanna Mason a dubious look. "I'm serious," she insists, sauntering over to him, clad only in a forest green slip and heels, her brown hair in its trademark thorns all over her head. "They'll lose interest in your enigmatic silence angle once they find someone younger who does it better." She reaches for a glass of beer from the table. "I mean, I replaced Marana Shingott, and I only lasted a single date. Wouldn't you know it, the year after me a spunky bombshell from One seemed to have the Games in the bag - until the damn arena flooded!" She cackles. Thresh doesn't. "Don't you just want to burn it all down?" asks Johanna offhandedly, sipping the ale, her brown eyes intent on him over the foamy rim. "Sometimes," he admits. All the time would sound drastic. "Like now?" Thresh furrows his brow, and she raises hers, expectant. The question is illegal, and his answer is his trademark silence. After that, the train approaches its last destination far too slowly. Rue loves the beaches in Four, dancing in the sand and the waves, which almost brings about a scolding from their escort until even he sees how much the cameras love it. Thresh struggles droning through his speech in Two when the crowd practically radiates unrepressed hatred toward them. He keeps Rue close throughout the day, though he knows it doesn't matter - except it does . The Victory Tour is a hit with two victors otherwise. There's finally more to entertain the masses with other than the usual fanfare over one person's selfish story. The large, dangerous, silent boy and the little, innocent, outspoken girl working together is a better narrative to keep up throughout the trip. It's hopeful. His first client is a man who tells him he'd rather have had the little girl but that Thresh will do. Hating him, Thresh lies there and wonders if Rue has fallen asleep to the sounds of the city's bizarre bustle beneath her. On the train ride home, Thresh spends about an hour in the shower, scouring off the foreign hands and lips and such with scalding hot water. He doesn't want to cry, he's too old to cry, and he doesn't cry. But he stays in the shower until he feels clean enough to face his family again in the morning. Switching it off, Thresh steps out and dries himself with a towel. He looks at himself in the mirror - nothing has changed on the outside. All of his scars remain, even from before the arena; they made him look tough. He's glad he doesn't look like anyone but himself. He couldn't handle being made into someone he's not by those people. As he dresses in his room, there's a whimper in the adjacent room. Thresh hesitates, wondering whether Seeder has already joined her. By the sound of the little girl, she hasn't. The older woman is probably sound asleep at this hour, and the noise isn't loud enough to alert anyone but Thresh, whose keen hearing kept him alive even before the Games. The whimpering has evolved into crying by the time he's in the hallway reaching for the doorknob into Rue's quarters. The door unlocked, he enters. Rue is curled around a pillow and weeping into her shoulder. In the moonlight, the sheen of sweat across her brow looks like dew. Thresh sits at her side on the bed, and the imbalance of weight causes her to look up at him. "Are we home yet?" Rue cries. Thresh shakes his head. They only left earlier that evening. The little girl sniffles as he pulls her blanket up from around her ankles to her chest. "I've been having more nightmares about my family getting hurt," she tells him, drying her eyes with her shirt sleeve. "They used to be about Katniss and the arena." Thresh nods, understanding. Inwardly, he acknowledges how her family will get hurt if he doesn't follow Snow's demands. This little girl is his constant reminder. Rue says, "But even though you were in those arena dreams, you're in my family dreams, too." She holds onto him as if assuring herself he's there, her tiny fingers on his massive forearm, and she smiles a little. "Usually you're protecting us." Thresh takes her hand and enfolds it with his. "That's what I do." The Quarter Quell is announced, and Thresh knows why the Capitol so graciously permitted two victors the previous year. It wasn't the star-crossed lovers from Twelve, or the powerhouses from Two that worked so well together, or the little girl from Eleven who needed her colossal district partner as an ally to win. They were planning to wipe them all out, anyway, along with the nation's hope. And the president - he was just wringing as much money out of Thresh as he could before he was potentially reaped. Stupid boy , his pa shouts in his ear. But Thresh knows what to do. In their district, he hugs Rue's small, trembling frame and says, "You'll live." In the Capitol, he says, "Yes," and Johanna grins. "Let's introduce you to some victors, then. You've met Haymitch, haven't you?"