he found my prostate. I could swear that he had memorised where it was and how to find it. These days he could be there stimulating it within seconds and I loved it. My body felt as if it was vibrate as he continued to massage that spot. "Alright enough with the fingers Cato and fucking get inside me." I commanded, I was to caught up in the moment to really care about what came out of my mouth. Cato smirked at me as he lined himself up. "You're so sexy when you get all pushy and talk dirty." He brought is lips to mine as he started to push in. The sting made me hiss but it was a welcome pain because I knew what would follow it. As he slowly slipped in this time his phone started to ring. "Just ignore it." I nodded and pulled his face back to mine as he finally made it all the way in. Is phone stopped thankfully and I let my body relax, adjusting to him. It didn't take long and just as I went to tell Cato to move he phone began to ring again. "Oh for fucks sake." He yelled grabbing his phone and turning it off before throwing it away from us. I started to laugh at him but that was short lived because he pulled out quickly before thrusting back into me. My breathing hitched and I clung to Cato as he started to build up his tempo. This was exactly what I had been craving, he thrusted hard into me making me continuously moan. I was in heaven, the pleasure I felt so intense and so powerful I couldn't tell you how long he went at. I felt myself starting to get sweaty before Cato pulled me up, never pulling out, before falling back on the bed. I started to bounce on his cock, working my way up to a fast tempo, every now and then rolling my hips. I looked down as Cato and smirked. His hair was a mess, his fringe sticking to his moist forehead. His eyes looked dazed, filled with lust and his lips were parted as he moaned. I felt myself getting close, so I made sure to position myself so every time I dropped down and burried his cock in me it would hit that spot. I moan loudly as I feel myself getting so close to that proverbial edge. "So close." I muttered as I looked into Cato's eyes and saw he was to. His hands gripped my hips suddenly, forcing me down as he pumped up one last time. That last thrust did it for me as well and I came with an guttural moan over Cato's chest. I felt him fill me as I slumped against his body. His kissed my forehead as I pulled off him and rolled to the side, laying down on my back next to him. We laid there catching our breath and basking in the afterglow. How could this boy complete me so perfectly? I wondered as I rolled on my side and kissed his shoulder. "I love you so much."He smiled at me pulling me into his arms as my bedroom door flew open. "What the hell is wrong with the two of you?" Clove basically screamed at us as she and Delly walked in. "You know the rules if we ring more the once, both of you might I add, you pick the god damn phone up. You aren't allowing to make me worry like that." "Clove stop being so over dramatic." Cato growled at her playfully as he pulled to covers over us properly. "You're just lucky your father answers your damn home phone and was able to tell us where you to were hiding." She continued while looking around the room. I guess she hadn't realised what we had just finished moments before she walked in. "Hold up, have you guys been fucking?" Well I guess I thought that she didn't notice to soon. Cato just started to laugh as he pulled me closer. "Maybe, lucky you guys didn't show up a minute earlier or you would have had something to watch." I giggle. "God we always miss the good stuff don't we Delly?" Clove smirked throwing herself onto the bed, unfazed by the knowledge that we were not only naked but covered in semen under the covers. "Apparently." Delly answered as she picked up Cato's phone off the ground. "I see you couldn't pull yourselves away from each other to get this then." Clove started laughing. "Tell me he got so pissed off at my constant calling he threw his phone across the room?" She asked with a giggle, turning to me. I just smiled in reply. "Oh that is classic." "So why exactly are you here Clover?" Cato asked sitting up and successfully changing the subject. "We came to get you ready. We are all going out." She replied sitting up aswell. "So go get in the shower, wash of each others man juices and wear something you can move it." I looked at her questionably. "Where exactly are you taking us?" "We sexy, are going to go ten pin bowling with the rest of our beautiful family." Clove exclaimed in an over the top voice. "Really bowling?" Cato asked looking and sounding like he hated the idea. "Yes, you act happy mister. It'll be fun spending time with all your friends. Don't get moody because you know I'm going to beat you ass at this." Clove smirked getting off the bed. "Just be at the bowling alley in an hour." "Yeah and please please please make sure you bring Ry, Madge wanted me to make sure he would come as well." Delly said heading towards the door. "I will." I smile back. "We'll see you there." AN: you know I love reviews... so leave one my beautiful people! *puppy dog eye* I'll love you forever.