with me. I've loved you from the moment you sang the Valley Song and I'll love you long after we're both gone." He stroked her cheek. Her heart was racing, her brain was singing. "I know that there are no guarantees. I know these flashbacks will come for the rest of my life. I can't promise you that you will never be the cause." He paused, and she reached out a hand to touch his cheek. "But I can promise you that I want this, and that not being with you would hurt worse than anything." For a moment, the world stopped. Everything she wanted, everything that made her complete, made her happy in the wake of the rebellion and its ugly aftermath was lying in front of her. But months of suppression, of ignoring and pretending and pushing away were hard to override, and she was still so cautious. She always had been. "Katniss?" His voice was pained. "Say something." I'm not very good at saying something , she thought. She kissed him. He responded in kind, his hand sliding to her neck to pull her closer, the other pressing against the small of her back. He rolled onto his back, taking her with him so that she was lying on top of him, bodies flush together. She felt his lips leave her mouth and press against her closed eyelids, tenderly. "I thought you would never love me again," she whispered. "But I do. Always." She opened her eyes. Their gazes locked. "Always." Then she crashed her mouth down onto his. He gave a muffled moan and pressed gently on the back of her head, deepening the kiss. His tongue touched her lips and she parted them. His fingers traced her spine from her neck down and she arched her back, pressing the length of her body into his. He moaned again, then rolled them both over so that he was on top. She gasped and he pulled his head back. "Is this okay?" "Yes." He kissed her again, then brought his hand up to her breast, stopping just before touching it. "Is - is this okay?" Her insides were swirling; anxiety and desire were roiled together in a giant ball, but she knew that she wanted this. She wanted more than this. She nodded. He lowered his hand and kneaded gently. The fleeting thought that crossed her mind - that this must be how the bread dough felt - was erased as little waves of pleasure rippled from her breast to her core. She made a noise of satisfaction, and he smiled. "Should I stop?" he teased. She shook her head, then lifted her head up. If he was going to be bold, then she was too. Her lips brushed at the exposed skin of his neck, starting at his jaw and trailing downward, where she gently nipped at his collar bone. She heard his sharp intake of breath and did it again, this time eliciting a deep moan. She felt something harden against her thigh. "Katniss," Peeta choked out, his voice breathless. "We should slow down." She pulled away from his neck and looked at him in confusion. He looked back up at her. "I just don't want to rush into things and ruin it. It - it feels like we are only just starting to be okay, and I don't want the pressure of this to break it apart." His eyes flicked downward. "How do I know you'll be here when I wake up? That you won't run away, even if it gets hard? That you'll stay?" She hadn't, before. After Peeta had arrived in District 13, hijacked and traumatized and broken, she ran. Ran to District 2 and got herself injured, then refused to have anything to do with him until the invasion of the Capitol. She was always running from the emptiness that the loss of him had created. Then the hole had gaped wider with every new loss: Finnick, Prim, Gale, her mother. She had returned to District 12 as a shell, hollow. Then Peeta had returned. Being with him was healing her. It was watching him plant the primrose bushes the day he arrived. It was laughing with him as Haymitch attempted to catch an escaped gosling. It was chatting about nothing - anything - when Greasy Sae served them stew. It was coming into her kitchen and seeing him at her sink, completely at ease and at home. Like he belonged there. She reached up a hand and stroked his cheek. She wanted him in ways she didn't know she was capable of wanting another person. She felt warm and golden, complete and whole. She belonged here, with him, his arms around her. She belonged here, where she could taste the peace that had eluded her for so long. She gently tilted his head, drawing his eyes back to her face. Doing would not be enough - she needed to say it, to put into words what she had felt but never spoken. "Because no matter what happens, it's always you. You are always here, even when I don't deserve it. You the one I want to be with, the one whose arms I want to be in. I couldn't run even if I tried - you are part of me. I've stayed because I need you. And I always will be." She kissed him gently. As it ended, he held her face in his hands. "You love me, real or not real?" Nothing holding her back, nothing giving her pause. The only thing that mattered in the world was that she was with him, lying with him. "Real." He pressed his lips to hers, and she could feel his smile as he kissed her. Soft, fluttery kisses traced her lips and jawline, then trailed down her neck. Between each, she could hear him murmur the same three words. "I love you." She answered back every time. "I love you too."