yeah, that sounds about right." Flint was back up on the stage. "Well, looks like we'll be having our Victor back soon! Shoddy lot this year." He laughed. "We'll expect everyone up here at five tomorrow night for the broadcast of the Parade. Don't be late." He warned as he stepped off the stage and Trainees of the Academy stood to go home. I waited until most of the people had left and Myra waited with me. "Are you going home?" She asked. "Because if you need someone to be with-" "Yeah, no it's okay. I told my parents I would be home right after the broadcast. But thanks anyways." I smiled at her, still a little unsure of if this was all real or not. "Well, I can walk you home. Unless you want to be alone, of course." "No, you can walk with me." We stood and made our way out of the Academy with no more words spoken. "So, how are you feeling? And I really want to know. Not just a 'fine'. I'm asking because I'm concerned for you." She finally spoke up as we were out of hearing range of most people. I took a moment before responding. "Honestly, I'm a little confused about everything. I'm not sure how to feel or who I want to come home more. Most would say that that is appalling, considering Clove is my sister. And I feel that way myself sometimes, but then I think of Cato and I can't imagine losing him for good either. I don't think that the worst has hit me yet. I'm sure it will be worse tonight, when neither of them are there. And waking up in the morning. And even worse actually watching the Games. I guess you could say I'm alright for now. I'm just going with it. Sitting here at home crying about it won't change the fact that they both volunteered and, when one of them dies, it won't change the fact that they're dead. Or that they left knowing that it was a possibility." "You're strong." She finally said after thinking over my words. "I don't know what I would do in your situation. And having to sit at the Academy where you've trained with the both of them and watched Game after Game for so long... I don't think I would make it. I would end up going crazy like that Victor from the fish district." "I'm not strong, just a good actress. And a very convincing person. For now, I've still got myself believing that I'm okay. But I'm sure that it'll break soon." We walked in silence for a few more minutes before reaching my house. "This is me." I said as I pointed. "Thanks for walking with me. Do you want to come in for dinner?" "I wish, but I'm sure my mom is waiting for me at home. She'll be so pissed that I didn't volunteer this year and will want an explanation as well as a complete break down of the Tributes." "But all you've seen is the Reapings!" "Doesn't matter. She want's me to remember hair color, eye color, a physical feature or action that distinguishes them from the rest, a break down of who I think will be killed off in the bloodbath, my estimated final 8, 4, 2 and the Victor... She takes the Games very seriously. It's as if she never left." "Well, good luck with all of that. I'll see you tomorrow?" "Yeah, I'll be here at four. We can walk to the Academy together." "I'll see you then. And Myra, thanks for being a friend. It seems you're the only one I have in this town now." "I know what it's like not to have anyone. I'm not going to let you go through that if I can stop it. No one deserves it. I'll see you tomorrow." And she was gone. My one friend in this town was walking back towards the Academy. Victors Row was situated about 100 yards away from the Academy. She really had walked far out of her way. And now, as she was walking away to her home where she would be quizzed about all of the Games that she never wanted a part of, I found myself pitying her. At least I would be able to suffer through these Games without someone constantly looking down on me for not volunteering. I walked into the house and saw my mom carrying plates from the kitchen into the dining room. "Oh, there you are." She smiled sadly as she saw me. "Grab the silverware, dear?" "Yeah, sure." I nodded and walked into the kitchen grabbing the pile of knives, forks and spoons. I heard mom yelling for my dad as I walked into the dining room. It hurt, everyone going about their business like normal. Like my sister and boyfriend, their child and other childs boyfriend, hadn't just been ripped from their lives and placed into the Hunger Games, where only one of them can come home. I think what hurt the worse was how easy it was to go along with it. Dinner was filled with small talk, nothing more than that. No talking about our feelings or disbelief that this had happened to us. Just simple little, every day talk. The weather, my moms job, dads work, if I was still interested in becoming a trainer. Then it was off to my room to be alone with nothing more than my thoughts for company. I think this is going to be one of the hardest parts. Going through this without the two of them by my side. I know Myra said I could turn to her, but I just wasn't sure how I felt about crying my eyes out on a relative strangers shoulder. Besides, she wouldn't be there by my side at night. The nights I would have to battle out by myself. At least for now.