to do anything he can to protect them, no matter the consequences. The next time she sees him, she feels incredibly humbled. Her cheeks are flushed bright pink, she's sure, and she fumbles her surprised greeting. Gale give her a weird look before he walks away, leaving Madge slump against the side of the shoemaker's shop in utter mortification. What must he think of her, she wonders, but that's a stupid thought, she knows what he thinks of her. But he doesn't know what she thinks of him. And that's a thought worth mulling over. Madge makes a decision to tell Gale. She isn't sure how or when she'll do it, or what she's going to say, but she's going to do it. If he can be brave, she can too. Only Madge doesn't get a chance to tell him, at least not before the world explodes in flames around her. In the time following, Madge knows only heat and pain. Days may have past, weeks even, but Madge feels nothing. She is in between sleep and wake. Her body floating between sky and sea. Sometimes it hurts, others it doesn't. Madge dreads when it doesn't. It's better to feel something rather than nothing. Madge wakes in a room so white it blinds her. The air smells like antiseptic, but the man beside her does not. Haymitch Abernathy isn't her favorite person, but seeing him makes her weep for joy. He lets her hug him, and even pats her back to comfort her. She knows why he's here. It's because no one else can be. " You don't give yourself enough credit, Madge." " You give me too much." " I never gave you enough." Haymitch takes her in. Lets her stay in his unit here in District 13. This place is cold and unwelcoming, but Madge won't complain. She doesn't have the right. She runs into him on her way to the mess hall, but she doesn't recognize him at first. The man before her is wearing a soldier's uniform and looks older than the one she remembers from home. Gale Hawthorne already has two feet in the rebellion, just home from his first mission, and more handsome than any man Madge has bothered to look at. He smiles at her, clasps her shoulders, hugs her, and releases her just as suddenly. Madge can't do more than sputter, her heart's in her throat, and Gale Hawthorne just hugged her. They spend the next few weeks of Gale's temporary leave in some strange form of friendship. Madge thinks Gale's change towards her is because so little of home remains, he doesn't want to push away what's left. Part of her likes to believe it's because he actually does want her company as much as she wants his. It's the last day of his leave when she finally plucks up the courage to tell him. He's standing in front of her, leaning against the wall outside his family's unit, his hair cropped short, and his face clean of bristles. Madge wilts internally. He thinks he hasn't given her enough credit? "I think you are..." her heart is thudding so heavily it's pounding in her ears. "Madge, whatever it is, it can't be that scary," says Gale, rolling his eyes and shrugging his shoulders. He's trying to lighten the mood, she knows this, but he needs to know. Before he leaves, before something happens. "I wanted you to know that you're the bravest person I've ever met, and I don't want anything to happen to you because I don't know what I'd do if something were to happen, and I care about you, and I never thought of you as stupid or poor and I just wanted you to-" Madge is forced to stop blabbering because Gale has stopped leaning against the wall to hold her by the shoulders and press his lips to hers. Madge doesn't know how she feels about District 2 yet, but going back to 12 is not a possibility. Leaving Haymitch was hard, and they both made fake promises to keep in touch. Haymitch already smells of white liquor, and she knows for a fact he wouldn't be caught dead answering a phone. Madge sits on a swing in the recreation room, bare feet dragging against the fake grass. She has a place set up for her to stay at when she gets to 2. A job as well. She's volunteering at a hospital there. It doesn't pay much, but they offered free room and board. Gale hasn't talked to her since the end of the war, and Madge understands that he needs time, so she hasn't gone by the Hawthorne's unit to call him out on his absence. They are, all of them, healing in different ways. She and Gale are stuck somewhere between dating and friendship. All Madge really wants is a clearer picture, but she won't make life decisions based on their 'relationship'. Haymitch had actually talked to her about it. 'Talked' in the loosest form of the word. He'd basically grumbled that if she didn't want to come home he had a job lined up for her in 2, and to not act stupid over boys. Madge swings a little higher, hanging her head back, her hands curling around the chains suspending the swing. "I thought I'd find you here." She drops her feet to stop the motion, pulling her head up. Gale looks like he hasn't shaved or slept in days. Or eaten for that matter, judging by how gaunt his cheeks are. "I'm moving to District 2." Madge blurts as he nears her. Gale falters for a moment, but keeps on until he's standing beside her. He crouches in front of her, laying his hands, palms up, on her knees. She closes her own hands around them, squeezing his fingers. A corner of his lip lifts in a ghost of a smile, "I was going to tell you the same thing."