plunge, headfirst. "I'm sorry for Prim, Catnip. I wish I could explain how sorry I am, but I don't think I can," I tell her. She starts a little and contemplates her mug for a few moments. "I know," she replies softly, "I stopped blaming you. Some time ago." I stare at her in utter amazement. "Really?" She breathes in and stifles a sob. "It was war, Gale. You did what you felt you had to do. I don't understand or justify some of your choices, and many people did die as a result of them. But you're not responsible for Prim's death, not directly," she explains and pauses. "She was a victim, like many others, and there is nothing that can be done about it. I couldn't accept it for a long time, but at one point I suddenly did. And I stopped blaming you." The tears are steaming down my face before I actually notice them. "Thank you, Catnip," I whisper, "and sorry." She nods and reaches out for my hand. "I don't think we can ever really be friends again, at least not how we were before ... everything happened," she replies softly, "but I don't hate you Gale, I owe you and I shared with you too much to ever possibly hate you." I had never realised how crushing the weight that was squeezing over my heart was until it is finally lifted off through her forgiveness. She stands up and opens her arms slightly. "You can hug me you know," she says with a small smile, "Peeta won't get jealous." I'm not too sure about that but I do hug her tightly, and when our embrace becomes too tearful, I steer the conversation towards more cheerful topics. "So Alba huh? She's sweet," I begin. She beams back in pride. "She is truly wonderful," she replies with a broad grin. "How did he manage to convince you?" I ask curiously. There is no negativity in my question, I am just really quite amazed and curious at how Mellark got her to become a mother. "He never pressed me for children, even though I knew that he wanted them very very much," Katniss replies as she sips her tea calmly, "but with ever passing day he made me feel a little bit happier and a little bit safer until there came a time when I could think of nothing else but to bring a child into the world with him. I finally realised that I was not going to have to protect the child alone; he was going to be with me, all the way," she explains. Oddly, that seems to make sense. "He really brought you back to life," I remark in awe, and she nods in acknowledgement of my statement. "He did. I love him more than I thought I could possibly be capable of. When I see him with Alba I wonder how I could have possibly denied him a child for all these years," she replies before a small frown mars her features. "Gale ... I am not sure if...I might be hurting you with what I'm saying?" I smile at her warmly. It's sweet of her to worry about my feelings after all that we've been through. "I was nineteen, Catnip, in love with the idea of taking down the Capitol with you," I reply with a wry grin. "Real life caught up with me, and now I am the happiest I've ever been with a woman who calls me out on my bullshit and who makes all that we went through worth it." Katniss seems sincerely happy at my confession, and reaches for her husband, who makes his appearance in the living room. "How are the boys?" he asks. His face and voice indicate that he has been eavesdropping and is relieved at my latest statement. Idiot, all he had to was ask. "Terrible. Uncontrollable. Little horrors like their parents," I reply proudly. "Couldn't love them more." He looks at his wife and cocks an eyebrow at her in an unspoken question. She nods softly. "We're expecting again," he announces shyly, and I see that he is trying hard to keep his excitement in check. As I look at their happy faces, I'm filled with a surge of warmth and relief. Everything is good, everything turned out fine. Just as it was meant to be. The Mellarks invite me to stay over until the morning and we spend most of the night up, talking, catching up, and going through the Memory Book that they had compiled in the first years following their return to Twelve. I sob openly over Madge's picture, and stay up, long after they both go to bed, to apologise, to finally bid her goodbye and to ask her to look over my family. Mellark has captured her reserved, pure smile perfectly and I know that this is how I will always remember her in my heart. The following morning I am woken up early by the sound of tiny pattering footsteps in the landing upstairs. I smile to myself as I hear Alba giggling loudly as her father opens the door to their bedroom for the promised Cuddle Time. Her excited squeals make me ache with the want to go home to my sons and wife. I wonder how I will convince Johanna to try for another baby. Eight months later, Johanna and I receive a letter from the Mellarks containing a picture of their newest addition, a blonde, curly haired boy, whom they called Aidan. Three months later, we send them back a picture of our own new baby, our grey eyed beautiful Elisa. At the post office, just before posting the letter, I reopen the envelope on whim and add a tiny note to the back of the photo. Mellark, thanks for introducing me to Cuddle Time. Now keep your son away from my daughter. Some things just have to be said. Just in case.