kiss his forehead and watch him, his eyes closed. I stroke his hair while he seems to doze off. My lips are tingling where they touched his skin. I've never reacted so strongly to simply touching him before - or maybe I was just so scared, so nervous and so caught up inside of my own head that I never noticed. I start when I feel his hand move from my waist to my back. He pulls me close to him, hugging me tight against his body. We are both laying on our sides now, and I feel his other arm snake underneath me to hold me. "Thank you," he whispers. "For what?" "For being here. For coming to find me. I - I can't tell you how much I needed this, needed you here." I pull back so that I can look at him. "I know. That's why I came. I didn't want you to be alone." He presses his forehead against mine. I feel my heartbeat quicken, and an involuntary smile pull at my lips. "Your voice is just as beautiful as it was the day I first saw you. I - I needed that too. I needed to be reminded that beauty and good still exist." He sighs. "I know it's there, it's just so hard to see right now. I think I'm going to need to be reminded of that a lot." "I'll be here with you. Any time you want me to sing, you got it. Unless it's in front of other people," I chuckle. "I'm only singing for you." "Oh?" he asks, pulling his head back slightly. "Why is that?" I cast around for the right words. I sang for Prim on the morning of the Reaping. I sang for Rue in the clearing. I had done it to comfort and soothe them. I had done it because I cared for them. But when given the chance to share my talent when Peeta and I had to choose something to showcase to the people of Panem, I balked. My singing was intimate, meant for the person in front of me, not for audience made up of people in the Capitol who couldn't understand the songs. My singing was meant for the people closest to me, the people I carried in my heart. It was mean for my father, for Prim, for Rue - and now, for Peeta. He said he needed to be reminded that beauty and good still exist. I steel myself, knowing that this is likely the wrong place, the wrong time, months too late. But I can't hide from this anymore, I can't pretend it doesn't exist. I can't leave him unsure of me, of us, whether what we have is real or not. He has lost his family, lost his home, lost everything that was constant for him. But he will have me. He will always have me. I take a deep breath and meet his eyes. "I only sing for people I love." He blinks. Then his face shifts, the downturn corners of his mouth raising in a smile, the first I've seen on his face since we were rescued. The worry lines leave his forehead and his eyes have no hint of tears for the first time. "You what?" I feel heat rising in my cheeks, but I ignore the part of my brain screaming at me to backtrack, to play dumb. I am not going to close off again. I refuse to deny this anymore, refuse to deny Peeta what he deserves anymore. He deserves a straight answer. "Only - only sing for people that I love. Because I…" I trail off, swallowing, gathering the courage because I am never this open, preferring to let my actions speak louder than my words. "I love you." I have barely taken my next breath when his forehead press against mine again. "I needed to hear that, too. They're gone and it's awful and it hurts so damn much but I'm not alone. I'm not alone because you're here, you're with me and - and you love me." His eyes are closed again and he is speaking so fast that I can barely discern the individual words. I know that I haven't fixed him, haven't healed him. I know that nothing could make this better for him. I know I can't fill the void. But he has me to lean on. "I do." His eyes flutter open and he smiles at me again. Warmth spreads down my face and into my core. He leans in. "I love you, too." Then his lips meet mine. I kiss him back, my mouth parting as he deepens the kiss. He pressed one hand to the back of my head and we meld together. This kiss surpasses the one on the beach, because it is the first one where we are both being honest about how we feel. It is the first one where we both know how we feel about each other. He pulls away and buries his head again in the space between my neck and my shoulder. I feel tears dampen my shirt and I rub his back, the change in his mood so sudden that I can do little else. "I'm sorry," he whispers after a few moments, his voice muffled. "It just hits me all of a sudden - I feel like I'm okay, that I can start to get through this and feel better, but then it just comes out of nowhere." "You only found out yesterday. You don't have to be okay right now. Just feel it." He nods, and I turn my head to kiss the side of his forehead. "And I will be here. No matter what." He pulls back, fresh tears in his eyes, and bring a hand up to my face, his thumb caressing my cheek. "You'll stay with me?" I smile at him, and lightly bump his forehead with my own. "Always."