just see the wheels turning in his head as he looks around the kitchen. Something clicks and he smiles. "How about I take out the garbage—tomorrow's your garbage day, no?—and Gale here can help you dry those dishes. Least we can do." There's no way she's arguing with him, seeing as he's already pulling the bag out of its container and making for the door, so she just grinds an agreement through her teeth. She's avoiding what she wants to do, has to do, and she's not entirely sure why. But when she turns around to find Gale peering down at her, she maneuvers around him back into the living room to check for any dishes left behind. He follows behind her and starts, in an exasperated breath, "Madge, I…" She feels pretty terrible for making this harder for him, so she decides to give the guy a break. She turns around quick, feeling her dress swish around her knees, and he stops just short of her. Swiftly, she reaches up to lay a kiss on his cheek. He doesn't seem to expect it. "Thank for coming tonight," she says. "Looks like you impressed the mayor." "I've always impressed him," Gale retorts playfully. "He offered me all sorts of jobs back in the day, probably to get me off the streets but still… It was more important that I impressed the daughter." She's blushing again. "So how'd I do?" Madge smiles softly, looking down at her feet. "You never had to impress her—though, the tailored slacks and the wine—very nice touch." She gives him an appreciative nod and he laughs, which looks even better on him than the pants. Madge takes a deep breath and looks directly up at him. "Look, I've been pretty silly, ignoring you these past few days after…" "After we made out and you ran off? Yeah. I felt like an ass, Madge." He clenches his jaw and looks apologetic. "I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable." "No, I know that," she nods emphatically. "It wasn't you. I just got insecure or something. To be honest, I always kind of wondered what that would be like… Then it was happening and I couldn't really keep up with how we went from hating each other to kissing in the dark." "You wondered what it would be like to kiss me?" Gale asks, totally loving it, giving her pause. She hadn't meant to admit that, so she just hopes he's grinning like that because he wanted to hear that. Seems unlikely until he shakes his head out of disbelief and continues, "Can I tell you something?" On her nod, he finishes, "I never hated you." Her brow furrows and it's like everything he ever said to her replays in her mind. The sting of his words is still there and she finds it hard to believe that he felt otherwise. "But all the comments—" "I was an idiot ," he repeats from their powerless night together. "There was frustration and anger and all that good stuff, yeah. But it wasn't about you . I was just resentful, coming from a poor family, and I could take it out on you." Madge opens her mouth to defend herself but he stops her. "I shouldn't have, but it didn't hurt that I put you on a pedestal that made you unreachable and unattainable. Am I making any sense?" Strangely, Madge finds that he is, and she tells him so. "So now that I'm not the princess you thought I was, and you're not the asshole I thought you were—what now, Hawthorne?" Gale pulls her flush against him and she giggles (not something she ever thought she'd do in the presence of this man) as he says, "Well, we're not going to make out over on that couch again." "No?" she questions, and she can see him rethinking the statement before he replies, definitively, "No. Your dad's going to be back soon and I really don't think that's a sight he'd want to see." She sighs blissfully, knowing that he's absolutely right. "Then what are we going to do?" "I was thinking that I'd take you on a date. No fathers and no drinking games." There's an air of seriousness when he looks down at her, despite the flirty nature of his suggestion. "What do you think?" … After her father flies home, Katniss and Peeta arrive home a few days early upon hearing about a bad bout of weather headed for the area they were staying in. They both come back to Katniss and Madge's apartment after the long drive and Madge welcomes them both back with big hugs. "I wish I could stay and hang out with you guys, but I'm actually about to go out," she apologizes, plugging her other earring in as she stands with them. The couple look between each other and Katniss looks surprised when she explains, "We didn't know you had plans." "And I didn't know you were coming home prematurely—but we can chat later, can't we? I have a date." Madge looks at the clock on the wall; any minute now, he should be here and she's still not quite ready. So she whips back into her room where she can hear Katniss yelp, "Not Marvel , Madge!" from the living room. A moment later, there's a knock on the door and she hears Peeta greet Gale, who (probably) bypasses him to welcome back his best friend. Then: "Gale, how did you know we were coming back early? We only told Madge." "Wait a second…" At that point, Madge finishes zipping up her boots and joins the three of them in the living room, but only long enough to grab onto Gale's elbow and peel out of the apartment with him in tow. "Bye, guys! Talk to you later!" What's left is dead silence until Katniss looks over at Peeta and hesitantly asks, "What just happened?" Peeta shrugs. "I really wish I knew."