and we can see into District 1, their escort, Dexy Banks, a short, little thing, is trilling into the microphone. I don't pay much attention to the talking or the names, I just watch a girl, with blonde hair, volunteer, and then as a boy, with hair the color of dark honey and skinny arms volunteers. They're both smiling, excited for their chance to bring fame to themselves. I wonder how they choose who will volunteer, everyone trains for the Games there, we all know, but how do only two kids who have spent their eighteen years of life among a hundred others get to be picked over all their peers? Is it whoever calls out first? Whoever has the greatest chance of winning? I don't know, and I probably never will. The reapings continue on, not many people catch my eye, usually the same typical personalities come from each district, powerful and cocky players come from districts 1 and 2, smart kids lacking physically from District 3, and the list goes on. When District 4's town hall appears on screen Finnick leans forward in his seat, I pick up the names, Lyn Kawthar, and Araxie Brimlad. Finnick blows air through his nose, and I can only imagine how horrible it would be to watch your friends get picked to die. I can understand why he and Johanna hate us. Fortunately I don't have any real reason to imagine, I, and all of my friends and family, are safe. Just as District 4's reapings started, they end, and the rest continue on. Johanna has a similar reaction to the tributes from her district, two kids named Ainsley and Axel Burl, siblings, are reaped. Ainsley had to be seventeen or eighteen, little Axel could only be twelve, which makes me imagine the nightmare of having to go into the games with Prim. The rest of the reapings go by without event, I continue tuning out speeches and names, only watching to see if the tribute had a chance of winning. When we get to District 12 I can't wait for it to end so I can find some dinner, we had a break between districts 7 and 8, but I had only got a snack then before being directed back to my seat. It was almost seven at night and I had only had breakfast and a small serving of salmon and salty kale chips. I watch the girl tribute being called up, who's name I don't listen to, she looked utterly bored. Anxious to get home I urge the male victor, who's sure to die given his circumstances, to hurry up and get onto the stage. I don't hear his name either, I just want him to take his place quickly. When I see him I wish I had paid attention to his name, he has blond hair and bright blue eyes, that somehow make me believe that he is not like the other tributes. The screen then falls to black, before I can figure out what I saw in those eyes. The lights come on and everyone gets ready to find a plate and settle in for dinner, I get a bowl of lamb stew and sit with my family, as well as the president's family, at the head of the table. Finnick and Johanna do not sit with us. I pay most of my attention to my stew, which is probably my favorite food, and only vaguely pay attention to the conversation. It's probably mundane, repetitive talk about the games anyways. My mind does wander to the games, but not to which tribute would be best suited to win, or who my family should sponsor and give money too; no, it wanders to the blue eyes that held something special, something unlike anything I had seen before in a boy who had just been given his death sentence, because he will, with out a doubt in my mind, die. Seems a shame really, with those eyes. "Katniss!" My mother's sharp tongue snaps me out of my own mind, "President Snow just asked who you'd like to see win," her voice strains with forced patience. "The boy from District 12," my mouth throws the words out before I can stop it. All their eyes turn to me, making me wish I had answered in a correct manner, with a reply like "The girl from District 2 looks strong, like she'd put up an good fight, I can't wait to see her go against the District 1 boy," that would have been a good reply. "Rooting for the underdog, ey?" President Snow laughs, saving my dignity, a bit. "Yeah," I laugh back shakily, just glad I didn't know his real name to spit out, caring enough about a tribute, especially a District 12 tribute, to remember their name after the reapings meant you had real faith in them. Having faith in a District 12 kid was embarrassing and laughable, they were poor, and only had two victors in the history of forever, one had died, the other had just fallen headfirst off the stage, completely drunk. I'm glad for the evening to end. I peel off my tight clothing, and put on a silk pajama set, that feels almost as good as the bath I take to get all of the products out of my hair and off my body. I fall into my bed, barely able to keep my eyes open, in a state of warm drowsy sleep already. Prim doesn't join me tonight, probably in her own bath or bed already, and I'm left to dream about the blue eyes filled with something I can't place. This first chapter was just to get to know Katniss as a person from the Capitol instead of District 12, but she did get to 'meet' Peeta, things will pick up more in the next few chapters. I hope everyone liked the first chapter, and please leave a review! -MGB Edited 07/28/14