didn't want her baby to die. Clove was suddenly aware of someone behind her, recognizing her husband's steps right away. She didn't turn around, she didn't say anything, simply continued to look down at the baby and watched as her drinking slowed down as she got fuller. Cato's side brushed hers as he sat down beside her, his large frame barely fitting beside hers at the top of the stairs. She still didn't look at him, she didn't really care to and for once she didn't feel like looking away from the baby. But most of all she didn't want her husband to see the tears burning in her eyes and which were alarmingly close to falling. It was silent between them for a long time, like it usually was. Neither Clove and Cato were people of many words, and except from their bickering or fighting, they usually didn't talk. The baby didn't really seem to be drinking anymore either, she was just chewing with her toothless gums on her mother's breast and taking a sip of the milk every now and then. Clove was content with the silence, but by the looks of it, her husband had other thoughts. Cato was the first one to break the silence, or at least to acknowledge the other by grabbing his wife's chin quite harshly, turning her head towards him and leaning in to place a kiss on her mouth. Usually that meant that he wanted something from her; sex, a favor, but he didn't actually get to the kissing part this time, not right away. His face stopped before hers, and she could see the hesitation and confusion flash over his face once he could see the tears that was still welling up in his wife's eyes. All of a sudden the mood was completely changed around them and Clove despised the fact that she had just let him see her weak and vulnerable. Though almost as quickly as his confusion came, it went away and he kissed her roughly. Clove could taste the alcohol on his lips, his breath reeking still and he looked like he hadn't slept in months. She looked slightly down as he broke the kiss, not wanting to see the look on his face. Instead she she cleared her throat, wanting to sound as much as her usual self as possible. "You look like hell," she told him harshly, but was annoyed her voice lacked it's usual venom. Cato grunted something incomprehensible in response, though she could feel his gaze on her still. Clove bit her lip and looked down at the baby, noticing she was no longer suckling at her breast, but instead watching her parents, mesmerized. Clove guided her breast in her daughter's mouth once more, only for the baby to spit it out, which Clove had learned meant that she was full. She could feel Cato staring at her from beside her as well, and being so naked, even if it was in front of her husband who had seen her like this countless times, made her feel slightly uncomfortable. "Here," Clove simply said, handing him their daughter and giving him no choice. If he didn't take her, she would fall, possibly down the stairs even, and she really hoped Cato wasn't stupid enough to do drop her like that, even if he wasn't the biggest fan of his daughter or his wife for that matter. Clove just hoped he didn't hate the baby that much. Cato protested but in the end had no choice, and let Clove place the baby in his arms. Or rather arm, being how Cato's arm was so large and the child so little, her head could fit perfectly in his hand and her body on his lower arm. Clove searched for the tank top she had thrown away, and quickly slipped it on, amazed to discover that Cato was watching the baby instead of his half-naked wife. Again, it was silence. Clove liked it that way, but she also didn't know what to say to her husband because usually they only fought or bickered. But somehow this didn't seem like the right moment to pick a fight, and instead she wound up just looking at her husband and the child they were forced to have together, wondering why he still hadn't given her back to her once Clove's hands were free like he usually did whenever he a rare time had to hold her. "She looks like you," Cato said eventually in a quiet voice, speaking as gentle as she had ever heard him. Clove searched his face confused, seeing his eyes still fixated on the baby. She cocked her head slightly, trying to see what Cato saw but failed. Except from the baby's black hair, the baby looked nothing like her; all Clove could see when she looked at her was Cato. "She has your eyes," Clove said after a while, mirroring his quiet voice even though she found it strange and unfamiliar. Cato looked at Clove then, seeming more sober than he had been in months as he wrapped his arm around his wife's waist and pulled her closer to him. She had never experienced something like it before, and it made her uncertain because Cato was harsh and brutal, and she didn't understand why he wasn't acting like it. Clove didn't understand Cato's intentions but eventually decided not to care, just for tonight, because even if it was unfamiliar and strange, it didn't feel bad. And after a while she gave in to her own wishes, leaning into her husband, and resting her head on his shoulder. She could feel the deep sigh go through her husband's body as if it had gone through her own. "Yeah," he said slowly and Clove realized this was his way of showing that he cared. Brutal, murderous and slightly insane – yes, but a father and a husband all the same. Clove didn't feel like crying anymore.