going on his mind. Useless. However, he surprises me. "I want the men to chop off any wood you might have stored in your cellars into thin sticks," he commands authoritatively, "the women are to bring back here all possible scraps of black and white material. The children are to fashion white crosses and help out by sewing them to the black cloths. Smaller hands make faster sewing. There is no time to lose. Go. NOW!" The minute the words are out of his mouth I understand his plan. There are less than ten Knights defending Medina, and all of them crippled and unable to fight. But the Turks do not know that. He is planning to disguise the citizens as knights, and fashion their wooden sticks to look like guns as they stand on the fortifications and point them at the enemy. It is a brilliant plan. And … it could actually work. The crowd disperses and I turn to leave with the women when he grabs my hand. "Lead the women," he whispers urgently, "I trust you. This is our only hope." It was our only hope. The plan worked and we were saved. Later that day an army of Janissaries were seen riding up the hill towards Mdina , only to stop abruptly at the sigh of hundreds of black cloaks with white crosses that stood proudly on the fortifications and pointed guns at them. The Viceroy's men, eight thousand of them, disembarked that same evening. Il Grande Soccorso had begun. On the 8th of September 1565, the Siege ended and a day later, the first rains washed the blood from our island. On the same day that Grandmaster la Valette declared his intention to build a new fortress city on Mount Xiberras which would bear his name, Fra Peeta Mellark announced his intention and desire to leave the Order. His request was met with a public whipping in the square of Birgu, and the tearing of his robe in disgrace by his fellow Knights. La Valette official goodbye to him was a hard slap in the face and the reminder to "forever live with his shame". I don't think Peeta cared much at that point, and as soon as the Grandmaster turned away he was already in my arms, requesting a kiss even as he bled profusely from the oozing welts on his bare back. Fra O'Dair helped me carry him away from the square and squeezed my hand tightly before turning away from both of us and following the Grandmaster. La Valette must have underestimated the actual joy of living with our shame, because I don't think that Peeta and I can possibly be happier in our life together. Fra Mellark exists no more, instead it is just Peeta Mellark who takes his place, tending to his small herbal garden and trading medical care for anything that his customers will bring him. From the very beginning of his new life outside the Order, he manages to integrate within the community with unsurprising ease and his first attempts to speak Maltese while still sporting his beautiful accent are adorable. I try to teach him at first, but during our second lesson we probably end up conceiving our son. Very soon, Peeta starts to take lessons from Father Haymitch, since we both agree that my lessons are just too enjoyable and distracting to be of any linguistic benefit. Gale remains distrustful of him, still seeing him as a Knight of the Order, but I know that Johanna will make him change his mind. He's still too giddy with love and happiness to oppose any of her opinions. Within less than a few years from our marriage, Peeta's head of golden curls is accompanied in the streets of Birgu by the second, tiny blonde head of our son. To my dismay, he shares his father's pale skin, which means that I have to make sure that he is kept out of the sun as much as possible during the scorching summer months. Luqa is like me however, and he will not be kept indoors, so many times he just toddles around following his father as they wear identical hats and white shirts to protect them from sunburn. Father Haymitch has already cast him as an angel in every year's Christmas pageant, and he is cuddled and fawned upon far too much by all the women in the neighbourhood. I don't really mind though, as it takes away the attention from my husband. Peeta never hears from the Order or his family ever again, and he never mentions either of them, but sometimes I catch him singing soft lullabies in French as he cuddles our son at night. The songs speak about meadows, but since I have never seen one in my life, I don't really know what they look like. I also see him gaze across the port towards the new city Valletta, that is slowly being built, his fists clenched together, fighting the nightmares that sometimes seem to haunt him even during the day. I ask him sometimes whether he misses the life as a surgeon with the Order, but I know he doesn't. I ask him on those days when I'm feeling particularly affectionate towards him, and without fail, he makes sure that I know just how much he passionately loves me. One night, after a particularly enthusiastic demonstration of our love to each other, he holds me tight to him, and whispers, " Int tђobbni. Veru jew mhux veru?" And without hesitation I reply, "veru". For a truly beautiful and well written story set during the Great Siege of Malta, I suggest the book " The Sword and the Scimitar " (published in the US as Iron Fire I think) by David Ball. If you would like to see pictures of the places I mention, visit Prompts in panem dot tumblr dot com and look out for the story as it is published there :).