I growl at him. I can't believe we're having this conversation. The anger and the pain and the guilt are closing up on my lungs and I hear myself gasping shallow breaths as I try to keep from falling apart. "Gabriel will always be our son, whether you want to admit it or not," my husband replies angrily. I can't look at his eyes anymore, I don't want to see the accusing stare that I'm sure he is throwing at me. I avoid looking at him and throw the frame to the floor, wincing as the sound of glass breaking reverberates around the room. "There is no Gabriel!" I scream in finality. And in the seconds of silence that follows my action, I take a look at my husband's face, a good look at it, for the first time since we lost our child. He is not accusatory. He is not angry, not sad. He is devastated. He bends down and cradles the frame, removes the picture and folds it with a tenderness that makes me want to double up in pain. "You've gone too far," he finally whispers, and walks out of the room. I did. I did go too far. And I didn't mean it. God, Peeta's god, knows that I didn't mean it. Our baby, our baby...how could I have slammed the picture of my child to the floor? How could I have denied his existence? I reach out to Peeta, my tears blinding me as they stream down my face, but the minute my hand makes contact with his arm he shrugs it off angrily and reaches for his keys. "Where are you going?" I ask tearfully. "Away from you. Fuck this, fuck you. Fuck our marriage. I'm done," he tells me in a cold, final tone that is not his own. And he walks out. It takes me a minute, and the sound of the wheels of his car screeching down our street, to pull out my phone to frantically call him, but the sound of his ring tone from the kitchen tells me that he left it behind, and that I have absolutely no way of knowing where he is going. Are we done? Is this it? Have I finally managed to drive away the man who loved me unconditionally for more than ten years? It can't be. I cannot possibly imagine a life without him, without his presence, his strength, his warmth. The hate and disgust I feel towards myself scares me, and I realise that even in the past months, where I shut him out completely, I was still counting on the fact that he would be there always, in the background, waiting for me to welcome him back in my life. To hear him, to believe him when he said that life could be good again for us. And now, no more. He's finally done with me - he's finally seen me as I really am. I take a deep breath and refuse, with my final ounce of inner strength, to give up. With a broom I sweep the broken glass from the nursery, and rush out to the hardware store to find a replacement. When I return home, there is still no sign of Peeta, so I fix the frame, and snuggle up on the armchair in the living room, and clutch my phone to my chest, in the hope that he might call me or give me some sign that he is fine somewhere, and that he's coming home. I want him to come home. He has to come home. Any other option is inconceivable. At some point I must have cried myself to sleep, because when I open my eyes to the sound of the front door opening, dawn is just breaking. Before I gain full consciousness, I'm already throwing myself in his arms, kissing his cheeks, his lips, his jaw, every part of his warm, familiar skin that I craved and missed so much tonight. The minute the cobwebs of sleep clear from my eyes and my mind, I realise however that my husbands arms are not returning my embrace, that his lips are trembling, and when I look at his face, I see that his eyes are bloodshot and that they are swollen with shed tears. I bury my face in the crook of his neck and I inhale his scent, the familiar scent that he carried from his life at the coffee shop and which I love and need as much as oxygen. Cinnamon. Dill. And … something else. Roses? He smells of cheap perfume. Roses maybe, and I feel a wave of nausea hit me. "You smell … you smell different," I whisper, swallowing the lump in my throat that is making me gag. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry," he whispers, his blue eyes watering with unshed tears. "You smell, of someone else," I continue softly. He looks away but I grab his face and make him face me before taking a step back. "Were you with someone else Peeta?" I ask dully. Of course he wasn't. Why am I even asking such a stupid question? "I'm sorry Katniss, I'm so sorry." He is openly sobbing now. "Peeta, were you with someone ELSE?!" I press on a bit louder. Now he will deny it. And he will be so angry and indignant, and we'll end up fighting again. Why do I even ask such stupid questions? "Yes." What? "What?" Peeta breaks down in front of me and lowers himself on the couch, and I'm oddly mesmerised by his tears as they hit the carpet below his bowed face. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry," he keeps repeating. I can't breathe. And I don't think I'll ever breathe again. So this is what it feels when your heart hurts so much that it stops beating. "But...but I fixed the frame," I whisper, as a wave of hurt, disbelief, and betrayal washes my world as I know it away.