if he let her talk: Please. Touch me. Fuck me with your fingers. He was a man possessed as he yanked at the material until it tore through, punishing it for separating his hands from her body for so long. "Peeta!" As he dragged his finger through her folds and up to her clit, she screamed it this time, and he knew what she really meant: Yes. Oh god. Right there. He circled his thumb on her clit, grinding his erection against her ass as his other fingers slide into her center. "Peeta, Peeta, Peeeeeeta!" She bucked into his hands wildly, yelling his name like it's the only word she's ever known. He could tell she's close, so he wrapped his other arm around her torso and he leaned forward to nibble on her ear. "That's right, baby. Come for me." He felt her walls starting to flutter around his fingers and he's mesmerized by the sight in front him. She's got her head thrown back, panting his name over and over as the waves of her orgasm wash over her. "Peeta. Peeta, oh Peeta…" He's made her come a thousand times, a thousand different ways before, and he can't help but be amazed every time he watches her at how lucky he is. She's so beautiful sometimes it makes his heart hurt. The way she mewled his name as she came sent a jolt of electricity straight to his cock and he can barely think straight as he unzipped his pants and freed his cock from its harsh prison. He sighed in relief as it sprang free and he couldn't help but marvel at the fact that he managed to make it this long without coming in his pants. He wasted no time as he pulled her back towards him, dragging his cock though her folds, coating himself in her wetness. Oh god. He forgot how good this felt . It was a good thing he held out as long as he did, because this wasn't going to last long. "Peeta…Peeta…" She breathlessly whined his name as he lined himself up with her sex. Fuck. Not long at all . She writhed underneath him as he reached one arm around to lightly pinch her nipples and she moaned his name again as he drove into her. Christ. It will be a miracle if he doesn't come in the next five seconds. He'd almost forgotten how impossibly good it felt inside of her. As she continued to moan his name, he knew he was fighting a losing battle. He bit into the tender flesh at her shoulder, rewarded for his efforts with a long moan. He continued to drive into her in long, steady strokes as he brought his hand up and then back down across her ass. Slap! "Say it!" She moaned again and he felt the familiar fluttering of her walls around his dick as she panted his name. "Peeta." He licked at her neck and the shell of her ear as he reached down and with his other hand and circled her clit. "Ngh. Peeta, Peeta, Peeta…" She garbled out a version of his name and he knew he couldn't take any more. He felt his balls tighten and he began whispering in her ear, knowing it would push her over the edge. "Oh fuck, Katniss, You feel so fucking good. So hot and tight and wet." She was crying out his name now and he knew this was it. "I love being inside you, I love fucking you, I love tasting you, I love you , Katniss. Always." He felt her walls tighten around him as she started to scream his name. "That's right baby, come on. Come with me, give it to me. Fuck, I'm coming! Come for me, Katniss. He felt her pulsing around him and a second later he lost control, spilling himself inside her, their bodies still bent over the piano. He tried to catch his breath, catching her mouth in a searing kiss as he scooped Katniss up in his arms, carrying her limp form over to the couch with him. "Tired, baby?" "Hmmmm." Her purr of contentment made him smile as he combed his fingers through her long brown waves. "So I'm forgiven, then?" Her teasing tone almost made him feel bad about what he had to say next. Almost . He chuckled as he rolled her onto her back and hovered over her while he gathered her wrists in his hand. "Oh, baby. You called me by another man's name. You're going to have to come up with a better apology than that." He heard her sharp intake of breath and looked up long enough to catch the look of surprise, then anger, then desire flash across her beautiful face as he lowered his mouth to its destination. "Besides, " he remarked as his teeth closed down around her nipple, "...I'm not done with you quite yet." Thanks for reading! This was my first attempt at writing a lemon so tell me what you think! In the event that this story is removed from is also cross-posted on Tumblr and A03. Again a big thanks to all my lovely girls on Tumblr who encouraged me to write this, especially madefrommemories, who let me flood her inbox with excerpts while I was working on it. This is actually a result of me combining two Tumblr prompts that I received - the first was 'Peeta spanks Katniss as a joke and discovers how much he likes it' and the second prompt asked for Katniss to accidentally call Peeta by Gale's name during sex- (obviously I changed that part because I don't think Katniss would do that, and I really didn't want to write something like that, so I thought it would be funnier if it was during a fight). I also found a visual prompt I liked - hence, the piano. (The visual prompt is posted with the story on A03)