face is glimmering bright colours from the glass and rapt with fascination, her district partner is more reserved. Elethea turns to glance at me, noting the drink in my hand. "Are we allowed any?" "Nope. Sorry, honey, you're too young." I have to admit it's an amusing question. Does she really think I'd let a kid her age drink alcohol? Dom grows bored with the display and comes to sit down on the couch across from mine, but Elethea remains where she is, standing on tiptoe. She's in awe of all these thing she's never seen before. Even the rich in District 4 can't afford some of this alcohol. "Cool," she breathes, before walking over and sitting down beside Dom, green eyes wide as saucers. "What are the other Career tributes like?" "Oh, they're big." I remember a little of what I saw from the District 1 and 2 reapings. The girls are both at least a few years older than young Elethea, the boys easily over six feet tall. They've definitely got some tough competition to contend with. I realise, with wariness stiffening up my muscles, that I've got to get some big favours in to keep these two alive. "Older than both of you are, too." "So, is it still a good idea to team up with them?" Dom asks, leaning forward. He's the more cautious of the two, the more likely to sit back and plan while Elethea will dive straight into trouble. From what I've seen, of the two of them, he's the more likely to survive. "Yeah, but be careful," I warn. You can never fully trust anyone in the Games, not even your district partner. Most tributes don't need to be told this, but most tributes from 4 are volunteers in their late teens. "So, what sort of angle should we play?" Elethea inquires eagerly, joining in on the conversation. "Like, tough?" "You'd be better to play a sweet angle," I tell her. She's got the face of a little doll, this one. She could easily play the cutesy card, which is one of the advantages of her young age. I turn to her district partner. "Dom, I'd lay low. Don't show them your strengths or weaknesses, if you can." "Is it because I'm small and young?" Elethea inquires, but her tone is curious rather than offended. "Yeah," I rake a hand through my hair. Her shrill voice is already beginning to grate on my nerves, her childish curiosity irritating me. "Look, I don't know what you can do, but neither do they." "So what do we focus on in training?" Elethea persists. No doubt she's learned skills during training, but I highly doubt a girl of her size would be skilled with any of the heavier weapons. "Survival skills," I notice that Dom is watching me closely, his expression fierce. "Practise with the weapons, see which ones you feel comfortable with and train with them, but don't give it all you have." "What do we do in the bloodbath?" Elethea asks. Jeez, this girl definitely doesn't have a shortage of questions to rattle off. I suppose it's better than silence, although I can't help but wish she'd give it a rest. "Go for the Cornucopia?" "Hang back." I shake my head fervently. "Sweetie, you don't want to get taken out. Let the other four Careers kill and then once they're done, go over and grab your weapons. Make sure you form an alliance with them when you're in training though." "Dom would be better at the alliance thing then." Elethea glances at her district partner. I don't know too much about either of these kids, but Dom seems to be pretty laid-back. I'd rather he took it up himself to talk to the kids from 1 and 2 rather than leaving it to Elethea. "If they don't agree, you should avoid them in the arena," I suggest, turning to face Elethea abruptly when she scoffs, tossing back her long black hair. "I'm not afraid of them." I frown. Maybe this girl is more stupid than I initially thought. Fear is good. I was only her age when I won the Games, and it sure as hell wasn't easy. I've had to deal with arrogance from some of these tributes too smarmy for their own good, and they usually die early. "Well you should be. They're dangerous. You're stupid to think otherwise." Elethea scowls petulantly. "I'm not stupid, but they probably are." I sigh heavily. Another one of those kids who thinks they know better. "If you don't want my advice, then don't take it. I'm just trying to keep you alive." "You won easy, though," Elethea says coolly, which makes me angry. Easy? She thinks there's such thing as easy ? This stupid, stupid little girl. She knows nothing about how hard the Games really are. How could she know? Elethea shrugs nonchalantly. "Yeah, well, you got given a trident coz you're a pretty boy." "El, stop it," Dom insists, frowning across at his district partner. "So?" I can't help but snap, getting to his feet. I'm normally the charming guy, the flirt, but Elethea's found something else. It isn't like me to lose my cool, but she's touched a nerve – a raw, bitter memory. "You think that made it easy for me to kill people? You think it makes the nightmares and regret easy? You really know nothing, Elethea." Elethea tilts her chin up stubbornly. "I volunteered to bring pride to my district. That's what I intend to do." "Well, you won't do that when you're dead," I respond flatly, getting to my feet and walking out of the compartment. There have been tributes who annoy me and tributes who made me want to pull out my own hair because they're so dumb, but Elethea is the first to rile me up – and we're still just on the train. How am I meant to cope with a girl so infuriating?