with them both in my lap as Peeta comes to stand next to us, looking down proudly at our little family with his hands on his hips and a smile of pure bliss on his lips. He may be pushing forty these days, but when he's looking at me with the children he waited so long for cuddled in my arms, I have no trouble seeing the reflection of the boy I fell in love with all those years ago. "Uh huh, but then we wanted to go out and play!" The girl says and smooths her dark hair out of her eyes when a warm spring breeze brushes past us all. Peeta huffs a laugh and nods, looking around at the meadow where the same breeze is now causing the grass to sway back and forth and then up at the beautiful sky with its big clouds whose edges are still kissed with the glow of early morning sun. I recognize the look in his eye immediately and know that I will likely come across a painting later this week in the art studio he's turned our basement into that perfectly captures the beauty of the meadow right now. "And I couldn't argue with them," he says and waves a hand towards the meadow as we listen to the birds all around us in the trees, busy with the morning's work of feeding new little chicks and beginning the routines that ensure everyone in their nest will survive another day. I smile to myself, thinking I could learn something from the birds. "So we ate our cinnamon toast on the way out here." He says glancing down at me and rolling his eyes. "I know it's not the way we usually do things, but we couldn't resist on a morning like this." He says casually and my head snaps around at his use of that phrase which I've always personally used to describe my 'bad days', but have never shared with him aloud. I spend a long moment looking up at him in bewilderment, wondering at how even when he doesn't know he's helping me, Peeta is still able to put my mind completely at ease with just a word or two. I look down at my babies who have stopped their squirming, are both resting with their heads on my chest. They regard each other peacefully over the rise and fall of each breath I take. I don't realize that I haven't said anything in almost a minute when Peeta speaks again. "Katniss?" he says softly and I raise my eyes to his in response. "You good?" He asks and I catch a hint of concern in his voice which he immediately covers with a smile as the children turn their eyes towards him as well. I look out over the meadow once more and feel a tiny shiver go through me at the thought of such peace and beauty having consumed a place where the bodies beneath the ground speak to the horrors that once occurred here. But for now, and as far as the children on my lap know, it is a place of chasing games, summer picnics, and walks to a lake which has become their favorite special place as it once was mine. "For now." I answer honestly and smile up at him. The shiver that went through me has propelled the children back into motion and they both climb from my lap and take off through the grass again, the girl yelling something about looking for a rabbit nest she'd seen the week before. "Okay, but we're going to head back home in a few minutes and see if your Pa-paw wants some breakfast!" Peeta calls after them and I snort. "You mean if he's awake and sober enough for his stomach to handle some breakfast." I smirk. "Yeah, that too." He chuckles and offers me his hand. I place my hand inside of Peeta's and he pulls me up to my feet where I don't let go, instead giving it a warm squeeze of thanks before we head off to collect Haymitch and ensure he gets at least one solid meal per day in his stomach. The children cheer at the mention of their favorite person outside of Peeta and I and we both shake our heads because at most, Haymitch seems to tolerate them. It's all a ruse, of course. Peeta and I have spent many a night lying in bed together sharing a story of having caught our family's supposedly reluctant 'Pa-paw' cuddling in a rocking chair on our porch on a summer night with one of the little ones on his lap, or spotted him watching the children play with as close to a contented smile as Haymitch can manage. "Wouldn't want him to miss a morning like this, would we?" I ask scooping my son up on my hip as he scampers back to us after giving up on trying to keep up with his sister who is skipping happily back towards home. "No, no, no, no-" My beautiful baby boy chants and then squeals with laughter when Peeta reaches over to take him from me, flipping him upside down and blowing a raspberry on his round belly which only causes louder and more hysterics. I walk a little behind them, watching my daughter skipping obliviously through this meadow that hides a truth I'm not quite ready to disclose to her yet, and Peeta who has swung our son up onto his shoulders so that matching shocks of wavy blonde hair are almost stacked on top of one another like a totem pole. I drink in the scene, lit with the light of a sun I know instinctively sits at about midway through the eight o'clock hour, and make a point to remember this very moment and the happy sounds of my family the next time I venture out to the woods on a morning like this one.