that stand either side of the entry doors. The white sun looms directly overhead, alerting me that it's Midday, but still looks just as synthetic as the one in the arena – everything Capitol is synthetic. One of the Capitol guards yanks on my cuffed wrists (that somehow have been secured behind my back again) sending shocks of pain through my nerves as the cold metal rubs against my raw skin. Gritting my teeth, I'm guided to the building with the flags with two peacekeepers guarding the doors. The peacekeeper on the left gives a subtle nod to one of my captors, allowing access to the building. Inside, everything is stark white and black, polished until I can clearly see my reflection - I catch it as I walk past a glossy white wall – and I'm shocked. I make myself look like an angel after my first games. Now, after my second games, I can't see anyone I recognize. I appear as an imitation of a Capitol mutt, my own dried blood plastered to my face and neck, some still freshly oozing from gashes. My hair sticks out from my scalp like a bird's nest, ratty and with the texture of thin straw. I can't even see my own skin complexion properly as a thick layer of grease and dirt masks it. Led through another series of twisting hallways, a blindfold is suddenly tied over my eyes and for a second I freak out. I twist my arms and body as best as I can to pull myself from the grip of my captors but their hands only tighten. "Stop moving or we'll be forced to take more extreme measures," I gulp down my anxiety, struggling to retain a confident composure, miserably failing. I sag my shoulders in defeat and allow the group of Capitol torturers to escort me through the pitch-black world. I long for Effie, or even Haymitch for all I care, to be the one escorting me and I have to choke back as sob as I realize that I might have just signed their death warrants. I'm roughly shoved into what I can assume is a car, as the door behind me slams shut. I do my best to get comfortable on the leather seats as the engine whirs to life and we carry on forward. My thoughts drift back to Peeta, where he is right now and what's happening to him. I can only wonder if he's asking the same questions to himself, only regarding me instead. The car continues to halt for a few seconds then drive again for a few minutes as we weave through the streets. I feel like I'm back in my first games, when I blew up the Career's food and my hearing became nothing but a ring in my ears. I had to rely on only my sight and the disorientation I felt with missing just one of my senses overwhelms me now. However, now I'm relying on my ears, not my eyes. I struggle to get my hands into a comfortable position whilst cuffed behind my back, using my legs and midriff to move around. I'm suddenly reminded of the life living inside of me as I move my abdomen to release some tension on my hands. Are Peeta and my child even alive anymore? I'm almost hoping not but hate myself for thinking that way. Although it seems like a much better option than having to constantly worry about the pain my child would have to go through in this world. Didn't I say I never wanted children anyway? But Peeta changed that. The hope he gave me replenished my wanting of a child and I always knew that Peeta would make a perfect father but my ability to be a mother has been questioned on my part too many times. And now I'm terrified to give birth to this child. The tremors begin in my fingertips and rapidly spread to my toes. My breath releases in staggered gasps and I don't even have the willpower to calm myself. My car halts again but this time the engine cuts out. Before I can process anything, I'm hauled from the leather seats and shoved forward out of the car. I stagger a few steps, struggling to keep my balance, and fall hard to the cement. With my hands clasped behind my back, there's nothing to cushion my fall except my hip. Unable to stifle a groan, I let out one similar to that of an animal. Yet again, I'm lugged to my feet and directed through more twists and turns. I hear a door handle creak slightly before I'm led inside what I assume is another room and I feel as if I've been gassed as soon as I take one step inside. Blood and roses. I choke on the stench that invades my nostrils and feel as if I've just inhaled poison. Because that's exactly what it is. I'm shoved unceremoniously onto a wood-back chair where my hands are then released from the cuffs, only to be secured again once my wrists are looped behind the back of the chair. I let out a hiss as the metal, now warm from my body heat, makes contact with my raw skin again. The guards then step away from me, leaving the anticipation lingering in the air. "No, release their cuffs," My whole body freezes as the voice that invades my nightmares ever frequently leaves my ears buzzing. My mouth feels suddenly dry and my breathing increases for what feels like the hundredth time today. Then my wrists are free of the metal. "I'm sure Mr and Mrs… Mellark and I…have a lot to discuss." That's when my blindfold is lifted. So that was the first chapter guys! I hope you liked it and please remember to review - as cliche as it sounds, the more reviews, the quicker I post :) Thanks again guys - Maddie :)