that. I do what I always do on nights like this. "Babe." Her hand strokes the front of my shirt, and her breath tickles my ear. "You want to talk about it?" "No." That's not why I called, and she knows it. I'd like to say we're friends with benefits, but we're not friends. We're just… benefits. I don't want to talk—I want to forget. "Let's not make this into something that it's not." "Whatever you say," she purrs as she starts to unbuckle my belt, and I lose myself at the touch of her hands and tongue. After, when I've fucked everything out of my system, she lies with her head on my chest, tracing patterns on it. This has become more and more frequent. Cuddling. I don't like it. I thought we were both on the same page. This was a booty call. Why complicate it? Sitting up, I put on my pants. She doesn't take the hint, pulling up a blanket from the foot of the couch. No. She's not staying. I thread my fingers through her hair, trying to wake her up. "I'm gonna go to bed." "Mmkay. I'll come with you." Fuck. "Ah, no. You need to go home." "Why?" Isn't it obvious? I guess my silence says it all because she's instantly awake. "Oh my god." "Why are you so surprised? I thought we both knew what this was." Tears well in her eyes. I might be a son-of-a-bitch, but I'm not insensitive. My hand captures her cheek, trying to console her while she quickly get dressed, but she swats it away. This was never my intention. She's a good distraction, but that's it. I'm not interested in a relationship. I'm not against it per se, but if I commit myself to one person it's gotta be with someone I share a deep connection with. It can't be a fling. "You're a piece of shit, Rye Mellark!" What else is new? I don't want to deal with whatever Peeta's going through right now. Katniss either broke up with him or he's finally realized how fucked up this family is. Maybe both. I down my third and final shot before finding his name in the contact list and pressing the call button. He answers almost immediately. "Hey." "Hey. What are you doing?" "Nothing." Nothing means painting. "How many?" "Three." I do not want to discuss my drinking habits. "Where's Katniss?" "Sleeping." I'm surprised that she's still there. I thought for sure that Mom had scared her away. Guess she's got as much fire as she lets on. "She's a keeper." "I know." And I know him well enough to know he's wearing that goofy grin on his face. He sighs. "I think I love her, man." "Well, nice of you to catch up." It's pretty obvious how they feel about each other, even if they haven't realized it themselves yet. I think that was why Mom was pissier than usual. For four years he never smiled on his birthday. But that changed today, and Katniss being there was no coincidence. You'd think that would make a mother happy, but I stopped trying to figure her out a long time ago. "You think she feels the same way?" "I think so." "Then you should tell her." "Yeah, I know." He pauses. "So what happened after we left?" "The usual. Mom blamed everyone but herself, Aaron defended her, and Dad tried to act as if it's not a big deal." "Well, it can't be easy for them either. Mom doesn't even—" "Oh my god, Peeta, don't make excuses for them. I'm telling it like it is. Just like you told Mom." "Yeah, I guess I should apologize for that." He wants to fix things so badly, and I dread the day when he finally realizes it's pointless. "Abso-fucking-lutely not." His heart is in the right place, but sometimes he can be a pushover. When we were kids I liked that very much about him, because that meant that he was always the one to fix things after we fought. Now I can't stand seeing him getting walked all over. I'm so close to telling him about how Mom hit him, but I bite my tongue. All that would accomplish is making the rift in this family even bigger. "Listen, I should probably go to bed." I check my wristwatch. "Yeah, it's still your birthday. You should take advantage." "Yeah, I'm not discussing that with you." He never dishes about his sex life. I've tried everything—teasing, threatening, pleading—but he's adamant. "Oh, come on, Peeta. Don't be such a prude. We're brothers; we're supposed to share these things. I'll tell you all about how I celebrated your birthday." "Pass." "Fine. Go fuck her brains out, and then tell me all about it in the morning." He laughs. He laughs. Does he even realize what a huge step this is? For the last four years he's barely said a word on his birthday. What Cashmere did broke him completely, and this is the first sign of any type of progress. I'd be pretty fucking dumb if I didn't connect the dots. Of course this has to do with Katniss. She seems to care about him just as much as I do, and it's doing wonders for him. I just hope she doesn't break his heart, too. "Rye, you still there?" "Yeah, sorry." "I've gotta go, but thanks for calling. It means a lot." "No prob, little bro." When I wake up the next day I have a very cryptic text from Peeta. He didn't get any presents last night, so I don't see the connection. I usually give him a pass from the crazy train I put the rest of my family in, but now I'm not so sure anymore. Peeta: Thanks for the tie ;) Author's note: Thanks for reading. If you like this little outtake, please drop me a line and let me know I'm doing something right.