like a stylistic abortion. His fat, plastic face is all too pale in a district where most of us are heavily tanned from the sun. "Ahhh, District 10," Horme greets us with tenor syllables of pain. Houston perfectly quotes his next words as he says them: "How I would rather be nowhere else! Happy Hunger Games! " "Oh! May the odds be ever in our favor?" Houston sarcastically asks, right before Horme wishes us that very same fate. "Some Peacekeeper is gonna come over here and shoot you," I grin. At least Houston's entertaining on a day where most kids are positively shitting themselves. He's got little to lose, after all. District 10's two surviving victors look like they'd rather be anywhere but here. To the right of Horme and our mayor, the elderly Mayor Beaumont, sits a man in his early forties, already bald and with droopy blue eyes. He's easy to recognize – Plano Kilgore, the winner of the 44th Hunger Games. He's seen better days; his waistline has grown a little too recognizable since he won using his raw footspeed to evade and launch hit-and-run attacks on enemy tributes. Nowadays, Plano finds ways to amuse himself by sniping street rats from his roof with rocks. I've seen him in action: For a guy who's lost some of his fitness, he's a darn good pitcher. On the other side of the podium, puffing away on a massive cigar, sits District 10's other – and most recent – victor, Odessa Antonio. The winner of the 59th Hunger Games looks absolutely bored, fingering her dirty-blonde hair as she dusts ashes of her tobacco stick onto the stage. Odessa's never been much of a socialite; she won the Games on her own, luring other tributes into traps and murdering them without a second thought. She's still hostile to most people – but undoubtedly smart. I figure she and Houston would get along great. Horme leads us through the typical boring Capitol video – I can see Killeen nearly asleep from here - and eventually proceeds to the Reaping itself. I'm having trouble paying attention by this point: To be honest, watching the typical "One young man and woman…to represent their districts in a game of honor! " hasn't resonated with me since…ever. The Capitol's pandering won't get to me. "Girls first!" Horme giggles – yes, giggles . I hate this man. "Should I say… ladies ." No, you meant to say minions! I think as he sticks his pudgy hand into the girls' reaping bowl like he's gutting a fish. Horme rips a paper slip out of the bowl, and for the first time, I reflect on how many of those I have in our bowl today. Seventeen…that means six standard, three every year for tesserae, just like what Killeen does…shit. Twenty-four slips. Guess that's why I don't pay much attention to that number. "Flores Lufkin!" Horme drags me away from my boredom as he announces our female tribute. I have no idea who Flores is. The thirteen year-old, blonde-haired girl nervously making her way towards the stage gives away everything immediately: She's cannon-fodder. Little Flores, who's thin beyond comprehension and looks as if she's ready to pass out from fear, won't last more than a minute in the arena. Don't hope for company from her, Odessa and Plano. Flores stumbles up to the stage, half-dragged up the stone steps by Horme. Our escort is all-too-eager to keep going, however – he lets out a hearty "Let's give our female tribute a big hand!" as we all regard him in stony silence. Capitol twit . Horme leaves the terrified young girl to her thoughts as he wanders over to the male bowl. It just hits me that I never even considered Killeen's odds: I'd just figured she'd never be Reaped. With little Flores up there trembling like a young tree in the wind, it hits me that I haven't shown my cousin enough respect. It could just as easily be her stumbling out of the fifteen year-olds section, cautiously walking to the stage and headed for certain death. As much faith as I have in Killeen, she likely wouldn't last more than two days against the Careers. How nice the Capitol is. Has the human race always been this violent? I just begin to realize that I, too , could be headed for such a similar fate at any time as Horme drags a slip out of the male bowl, likely leaving a slimy handprint behind. He opens up the slip as I send a glance towards Houston: With my concern for Killeen, I realize that my only real friend in District 10 could just as easily be headed for a killing field he has no chance in. Fortunately, Houston isn't selected. "Our male tribute!" Horme announces with a bright smile. I catch a glimpse of Odessa rolling her eyes and mouthing off to the escort before he tells us all who's up to bat: "Lee Early!" Hell. Hell – that's not just my reaction to his selection of my name. That's where I'm headed. Summer's hot in District 10…but Hell's hotter, and I'm going right past the fiery gates. Author's Note: It's the 68 th Hunger Games, and you're invited! This is the story of District 10's male tribute, Lee Early – and the trials he'll have to face as President Snow demands more and more from the Games, with the Capitol eager for blood. Outside of District 10 for the first time in his life, Lee will get a hands-on view of just the monster the Capitol is – as he tries desperately not to fall for the monster within himself. I've taken a few creative liberties; some won't become noticeable until later in the storyline. Finnick, Snow, Plutarch, Haymitch, Cashmere, Gloss, Panem, the Hunger Games, and other associated people/places/events are properties of Suzanne Collins. Original works are mine. Enjoy! I always appreciate feedback/commentary/questions – don't hesitate to review!