problem with it? I was curious… And I wanted to have some fun." He eyes her from the side, unconvinced. "Madge, come on. You know better than that." She sticks her nose up in the air, looks wondrously at the stars for a moment. "I don't see why there has to be a problem with it. We're all the same, when it comes down to it." She turns her head to look at him and he notes the fierce belief in her claims in her eyes. "Do you really think we're that different, you and I?" Gale looks down at his shoes, where his feet tread the path to town. "We are. I'm walking you back to town and then I'll return to the Seam. You with your yellow hair and blue eyes, me… we are that different." "Not enough not to share a game of 20 Questions in between what divides us," she remarks smartly. "It doesn't have to be that way." "Whatever, Undersee. You tell that to your father, the mayor, when I drop you off at your big white house in the centre of town. Maybe next time you decide to traipse back into our neck of the woods looking for fun you can stop by my old shack, and if I'm not working in the mines, you can tell me what he says." With that, they round the corner that lands upon the town square and he knows it's not too far until her house. His words slam into them both, effectively destroying the peacefulness of their walk and shutting her up. When she'd said earlier that he ruined her night, he didn't think that it would be true. But he doesn't have it in him to gather an apology and she still walks beside him, so he mimics her uncomfortable silence. That is, until she softly says, "Were you always this mean?" He sighs. "No. Look, I shouldn't have—" "Is it me?" He's never heard her— anyone —sound so vulnerable. "Do you hate me, Gale?" She comes to a slow stop in the middle of the square and nervously turns back to him. She plays her lean fingers against the length of her arm like she's deftly pressing piano keys. He keeps quiet, as if he can hear the notes, before clearing his throat. "Are we still playing the game?" Madge chuckles, though there's no joy in it. Her arms are still crossed in front of her and she lifts her eyebrows. "Depends." Her eyes rise to meet his and this moment feels a lot heavier than the one before it. It's also the first time he sees that her eyes are slightly glazed over and he remembers that she's had alcohol running through her this whole time. He takes a second, then slowly moves his head right to left and back again. "I don't hate you." It's true. Madge is but a thorn in his side from time to time; the only people he truly hates reside in the Capitol, and even if the mayor is their representative here in District 12, he knows Madge's father isn't really a bad man. Just because she has more than he ever will isn't enough reason to hate someone. He hates the system that made it that way. Madge nods her head lightly, accepting his answer as much as she can. He's sure she's thinking something about how it doesn't seem like it, but she keeps whatever thoughts of hers to herself. "Do you like me?" She gasps and covers her mouth with her hand. Her eyes are wide. So are his, honestly. "I'm… It's your turn." Slip of an inebriated tongue, he'd bet. Gale wishes he could ignore it. "Madge…" "Ask me about my pretty dress. Or my father. Ask me something you already assume about me," she says quietly. He shakes his head. "Let's get you home." His arm reaches out to her, but she walks ahead without him. His longer strides catch up to her pretty quickly and from his view he can tell that she's embarrassed. It makes him feel like an ass, and he's not sure where that came from—he used to get great pleasure out of making Madge Undersee feel inferior. When they get to her gate, she unlocks it with clumsy hands and starts to open it without looking back at him. He comes up close behind her and lays a hand on the gate, on top of hers, to stop her movements. "You want an honest answer?" Gale's close enough that his whisper can reach her, close enough to smell the scented shampoo that girls of the Seam are rarely lucky enough to have (and it's never as nice as hers; it's never vanilla spice). He leans a little closer as she tilts her head just so in order to see him, responding to his proximity. It's a moment unlike any other they've shared. It feels so foreign (thrilling, nerve-wracking) that he can't understand how it also feels so natural. His next words make even less sense to him. "I like you enough not to do anything about it." He thinks maybe the quieter he says it, the less real it will seem to her in the morning. But it is real, and it is honest. Madge Undersee is infuriating and frustrating like no one else. But that's just it: she's like no one else and that alone irritates him. No one makes him feel the way she does and he can't explain it. He can't afford to try and explain it, either. As long as she's from Town and he's from the Seam, what sense is there in trying? She's the mayor's daughter and he's a miner with a family to support. There's no sense, no sense at all. Pulling away from her, he breathes a "Goodnight, Madge," into the air before he's gone, back to the Seam, back to his fate, and before Madge can question it.