as big of eyes for a grandchild as Peeta had for a child of his own. None of those interventions in the nearly 15 years since we'd been truly together as a couple had done much to sway me to change my mind…until I was leaning out the window watching my husband burry more of the bulbs that so obviously signified his wish to become a father. I turned back to look the room over and couldn't stop the smile sneaking up onto my face. I let my eyes wander over picture after picture of the happy, cherubic faces that Peeta had captured on canvas and loose paper alike. There were images of stubby hands with plump fingers pressed against the display cases leaving greedy little prints behind. There were frosting smeared lips and soft cookies with child-sized bites taken out of them. There were gap-toothed grins, jeans with holes worn in the knees from exploration in the woods, and band aids from games that garnered no rougher battle wounds than a scraped elbow from a bike race or a bruised knee from a rough hopscotch landing. When I told the story to Peeta a few years later, lying in bed with our toddler daughter snuggled between us and a son who didn't yet understand the meaning of the word 'bedtime' doing somersaults in my uterus, I skimmed over the part about seeing him planting the flowers. He knew from the time I finally agreed to marry him that I had figured out the reason for the yellow flowers planted every spring. I only briefly mentioned all of the pictures of children around his art studio, painted by his hand that had helped to give me the courage to admit my own desire for the sound of children's laughter in our home. What had finally pushed me to cut the last string tethering my heart to a world my damaged psyche wasn't certain was safe enough to bring a child into was a small canvas painting of one of those children who regularly visited the bakery being handed a cookie over the counter…by me. I thought I actually might have remembered the day he'd captured so clearly like a snapshot from my brain. I was leaning over the counter, one elbow holding me up and forward as I stretched to hand the cookie to the small blonde boy of about five-years-old. He was looking up at me with a mixture of shyness, gratitude and maybe a hint of school-boy crush. My heart immediately constricted as I thought of another fair-haired boy who had already loved me at that age and who had spent every minute of the past decade and a half working to rebuild the room in his hijacked mind that still held that love. It wasn't the little boy and his likeness to Peeta at the same age that led me to whisper across our pillows that night that I wanted to have a child with him. The child was adorable and his resemblance to Peeta, uncanny, but what changed my mind was the look on my own face in the painting. It was the same look I'd tried to avoid bringing attention to when I saw it on Peeta's face each time he interacted with children. It was an unguarded, honest look born of the happiness I felt in being able to bring some joy to a young and innocent life. It was in that moment that I realized Peeta had known even before I did that I wanted to have a child of my own with him. I don't know how long I stood in front of the painting with the summer breeze causing lazy ripples to move through the sheer curtains of the window I could still hear Peeta digging beneath. When I finally came to my senses and felt the lightening of a large weight being lifted off my shoulders, I headed downstairs and out the front door, moving as if on autopilot until I was on the side of the house watching the easy care with which Peeta planted the bulbs of his Jonquils. "Can I help?" I asked in so quiet a breath, I wondered at first if Peeta had heard what I said. He sat back on his haunches and brushed his hands off on the jeans he was wearing before turning his eyes up to mine, searching them easily for any sign of hesitation or regret for what he was sure I was trying to tell him. He must have found what he was looking so intensely for in my eyes, because he smiled his full thousand-watt Peeta Mellark smile and held out a hand to help me down onto my knees beside him and handed me a trowel and a bulb. As I dug and set bulbs down in the methodical way I'd watched Peeta doing, I thought about how this parenting thing might not be as bad an idea as originally suspected as long as I had the man beside me to help me. When I made a remark and asked Peeta if he felt the bulbs we spaced enough for 'baking' or if I should serenade them from the window once we were back inside the house, Peeta used the tip of his trowel to scoop up the tiniest big of dirt and flung it at me where it hit me on the shoulder. I gasped and did the same back at him and our playfulness turned very quickly into a full-fledged dirt fight with little bits of the rich, brown soil landing amongst the flowers of years past that were just beginning to bloom new and filled with hope. The last thing I remember thinking before I screeched when Peeta sacked me into the grass and began kissing me all over my face and neck was how more than once now, this boy, this man, had changed my life with the help of simple yellow flowers.