girls around us chatter excitedly, wondering who will get picked. I know that they will not volunteer, as they are much too prissy, and I know that they expect a volunteer from the year-older girls desiring glory. They do not expect me. Eowyn, the escort, saunters onto the stage, her black hair bobbed and streaked with gold. It's strange, really, to see how animalistic they all strive to be. She even has antlers, and little gold swirls on her cheek. A deer. She's a deer. Why? Knowing that there has to be some sort of significance, I turn towards the stage, which is from an old barn, and I stare. The glass ball which holds our names is settled by her arm, and it looms over our heads, daring someone to express defiance. Nobody does, and her lips slide into a grin, lofty voice announcing, "Welcome to the 104th annual Hunger Games!" That sinks in, and we all stare as a screen is lifted from the ground, now higher than both Eowyn and the glass ball. I do not wish to watch, but I suppose I must. It will only make me remember why I am put in there, and why I must win. "The Hunger Games," the moving picture begins, and I see that the darkness is turning into a Mockingjay, the symbol of life. "It began as a way to force the different districts into submission, to tell us of our weakness." As we watch, the pin is transformed into District 13, which is now as involved in the Games as we all are. It is the underground portion, with pictures of Katniss Everdeen, before she became Katniss Mellark. They are from the propo-times, when they were intending on winning the war. "Our Mockingjay fought against this, but voted, in the end, to leave the Games. This time, they served for a different reason: to punish those unworthy, as decreed by Fate. They rid us of our weak, our punishable, our prisoners." They show the full prisons, the children which are decreed to be bad. "I, your president, Gale Hawthorne, approve of this, as decreed by our Mockingjay. May the odds be ever in your favor, and may those in Fate's path prove their worth on the field." I have seen this for years and years, though it still strikes me as odd. The words do not flow, and they are cut short. Was it too difficult to make it seem more romantic, or continue to talk about the past? Apparently so, because Eowyn has already begun to pluck out the girls' names, which the glass ball has eagerly separated from the rest. My eyes are closed, now, and I am pleading repeatedly in my mind. Please, please, please. Let it be Orpah. Let it not be me. "Ayala Welph." Though there are tears in my eyes, I make my way to the stage, climbing the hay bales hesitantly. Her arm pulls me up, the arm that is somehow dotted with fur, actual fur. Grinning pleasantly to me, she pats my hand. "Lovely, lovely. Now, the boys." It is not going to be Giles. It cannot be. The goat was cared for, very well cared for. There is a murmur in the crowd that prevents our escort from speaking, and it is with a sudden scream that we turn, both me and the strange woman. Behind is is a goat, strung up like a hanged man. My eyes blink free of the tears, and I turn to see my 'father' in his glory, crossing his arms. He seems to be smug, though I cannot do much in response. He has done it. He has killed Giles, and will claim that he can do so without mercy. Why? Because the promised goat is gone. There went the deal. But I am not to know about it, and therefore cannot bring myself to even squeal in response. I simply turn my head, expecting the name that falls off her lips. "Giles Welph." The world is not ready, and although there are a flurry of young girls willing to be tribute for him, none of the boys are fond of my brother. They will allow him to go to his death, and they will pick up the pieces of the broken-hearted girls. He stands, mute and quiet, despite the fact that Eowyn is attempting to drag him into conversation. "Are you excited to be competing with your sister, Giles? Or scared?" Her microphone is dangerously in his face. I roll my eyes, and speak slowly and carefully. "He's mute, Miss. Can't speak." She is shocked, but does not say anything against it, instead making us shake hands, guiding us to the back. And, in a quiet voice, I hear my brother in my ear, speaking the first things I have ever heard him say. "The odds are not in our favor." SYOT: Although Ayala is the main character, I am accepting applications for other tributes. Also, I have to choices for this story. Either Aya is going to lose , or she will win . Therefore, submitting tributes does have an impact. No specific form is required. I will, however, need the basics: name, age, appearance, tesserae or not, family, district . Obviously, you can't be District 10. Other: Since I prefer to write why I did specific things, this will be at the end of each chapter. You may skip it. I did count the years between stopping and starting the Hunger Games. We are assuming that Gale did it for a reason, perhaps for the fallen tributes, or the rebellious who died. Also: there is a reason that he is President. Nobody is that pure. Katniss showed us that. To continue, Orpah is named for a reason. Apart from the fact that she is named as a 'fawn', what do you think the significance is? You don't really have to respond, I'd just think it's funny if someone guessed.