one round. Annie chugged what was left in the cup they made and I made my way to the other side of the table to gather the two cups that we had left. "Does that mean you're going to strip to take your shots too?" The humored voice came from the side of me. I look up and this is the first time I get to see him up close. His tone shoulders and stance led me to believe that he must be athletic. He was about four inches taller than me so he had to be somewhere among 5'9''. He wore jet black jeans that fit well enough so you could see the outline of his legs. His feet supported converse which matched perfectly with his plain white tee. I could smell a faint hint of the cologne he was wearing that must have faded throughout the night. I remembered how I used to hate it when Gale would use any cologne or aftershave but this smelled… good. Appealing almost. My eyes rose to take in his face and I was again welcomed with those electric blue pools looking back at mine. His white straight teeth visible through the teasing smile his face wore. His sandy blond hair lay on top of his head and it was just long enough for him to run his fingers through. "Excuse me?" "I'm just messing with you. We don't expect you to… we didn't make a clear bet before the game so it's cool... besides you don't seem like the type..." He put his hands up as he spoke. "And what type is that?" "I just meant you seem like the shy type. You're probably too pure to do something like that…" He muttered trying to hold in a chuckle. "What makes you think you know me." I snap. Everyone's eyes seem to be glued on us now. Finnick tried to intervene. "The caterer is set up in the kitchen. Everyone come get some grub." Thresh, Glimmer and Marvel seemed to get his hint as they made their way into the house but Cato stayed back looking smugly at me and Peeta. "Look don't take it's personal… you don't even have to take the shots if you don't want." Peeta offered, pulling the bottle away from me and more towards him. "Peeta stop harassing the girl…" Finnick groaned as he stood behind Annie with his arms wrapped around her. "Sure..." He turned to walk away but I could see in his eyes he was a little entertained that his statements had flustered me. What happened next was something I can't explain. I had always been the type of girl to stand up for myself, which caused my other traits like my stubbornness and hard headedness to only add fuel to the fire. It had to be liquid courage the couple of drinks I had combined with my anger and annoyance towards Peeta. He seemed to think he had me all figured out and I hated that. He had another thing coming. I kicked off Annie's gladiator sandals that I had borrowed and begin the pull up the dress I was wearing over my head. "Katniss you don't have to..." Annie rushed out but it didn't stop me. "Finally someone else who isn't such a pussy." Johanna sighed, subliminally cheering me on. Peeta must've heard because he turned around. My eyes met him for a quick second before the dress covered my face as the last of it rose over my head. I stood topless but still in my thong, which was just as the same as being naked. I heard Johanna laugh but I didn't make eye contact with everybody else except my doubter. I grabbed the bottle and pranced over to stand right in front of him. "If you think you know me, you have no idea…" My eyes stayed on his face as he kept it poker and unreadable. I took three back to back shots from the bottle before handing it over to him and picking my dress up from the floor. "Show's over guys… I didn't pay for a caterer for nothing." Finnick voiced as he waved his arm towards the house. Annie helped me adjust the dress back into place after I slipped it back on. "Can't say I don't admire your guts…" She giggled in a low tone. She gave me a light patt on my back before disappearing into Finnick's house after the rest of them. This left me outside with no one other than my blonde haired provoker. His eyes still on me. "Didn't your parents ever teach you that staring is fucking rude?" I sneered earning a grin from him. "I guess we're one in the same. What makes you think you know me so well?" He closed the distance between us, his chest half a foot away from mine. I didn't reply not sure what he meant and he seemed to interpret that as he continued. "I never actually doubted that you wouldn't strip and take the shots. I just sensed that you would be game to do it if it felt like it was your own choice… Reverse psychology for you." I clenched my jaw as a twinge of stupidity came over me. Who the fuck did this guy think he was? It was irritating that he took pride in his little shenanigan. He leaned in to whisper in my ear. "But for what it's worth that was much better than I imagined… Shall we?" I couldn't help the shiver that ran down my spine from the close proximity of his hot breath on my ear. He reached for my hand but I jerked it away getting a head start on him as I made my way to the house. I kept the tantrum that I wanted to throw under control. I would not allow him to get anything else from me the rest of the night. Or so I thought…