my stomach protested its emptiness. Peeta straightened out my lower leg until it was fit to be bandaged and then he left to bring me dinner. The loneliness he left me with allowed me to think about the small bird's song and brought me to question whether it was Rue's song at all or if it was just what I wanted to hear when I left home that morning. Peeta returned and fed me warm soup and bread until I couldn't hold any more. I undressed as much as I could without moving my injured limb and snuggled my back into Peeta's chest. His arms wrapped around me in reassurance, "Please, tell me what you are thinking." I sighed and ran my hands along his arms. "Rue." "I figured that much out myself. Do you think it's her?" I shrugged and held his hand to my stomach as I had that morning. If it was truly Rue then I knew it was going to be alright. I knew I would be able to reach closure and all of my lost pieces, not just my heart, would work again. My scars would not seem so hideous and the dreams would be a reminder of what I had overcame instead of what I have lost. It was with that thought and the smell of my lovely baker wrapped around me that I drifted off to sleep. The forest was light and airy with birds and small animals running freely. The air smelled like a picnic and each tiny touch of life that scampered, flew or swam in the woods felt more precious on that perfect day that it ever had before. Next to me, chocolate eyed and glowing, was the most lively and precious bit of life in the forest. The fruit she picked above us was plump and ripe with colors that only came from the constant nurturing of water that trickled down a nearby stream and the sun that warmed and wove our day into one of bliss. Rue called to every mockingjay in the forest and cooed at a freshly hatched bird that seemed to know me as both a dear friend and an abandoned comrade. Having had allies and lost nearly as many I nodded to the bird in forgiveness and he settled back into the warmth of his mother's nest. "Katniss, I've never seen fruit like this before." Rue mused. "Is it all ours?" I patted her dark soft ringlets reassuringly and we sat at the base of what I soon recognized as my crooked rooted captor tree from a night that felt both recent and and impossibly far away. The crisp woods became muddled with fog and I could not see further than myself and the girl I'd missed for far too long. "Rue, what is your life like?" Her dark cheeks turned pink as she wove a story of love, work and dreams for something better. "My mother loved me. I laughed and climbed trees and played with my siblings. We were all going to have something better at the end of the summer. In our own garden we grew potatoes and carrots that would have tasted delicious. When I was chosen for the games I knew it was over" She swallowed back her sobs and let few tears fall "...and I died more loved than you'll ever know. I died in my sister's arms." Her hand held mine and droplets trickled down my cheeks into a lap that I could no longer see. Rue's curls began to disappear around her face and I did my best to hold onto the image of her as she was in front of me. My eyes held hers even as my hand began to numb and feel coldly empty. I did not grip at the air and try to hold her as I wished to. That night, in that dream, I accepted what was true. I was that way because that was what Rue would have wanted and seeing her that final time was more of a gift than I'd ever dreamed of receiving. In the darkness I felt water rising around me and currents pushing me side to side. As my mouth and nose became submerged I felt no fear. Rue was above me, above the trees around me, where the water would never reach her. She was safe. She was more loved than I'd ever know. I awoke to screams. Haymitch danced around our bedroom, staring himself down in the mirror with the same glittery expression he had worn rescuing me from the forest. Peeta quickly covered our undressed bodies over with blankets and grasped the area around his side of the bed for his prosthetic. "Haymitch! What the hell is wrong with you?" Haymitch ran into our bathroom and returned with his greasy hair dampened and lathered with hand soap. "Silver Lockhearst." "Who?" I groaned with lack of understanding and annoyance. "What does she have to do with your barging into our bedroom?" A cluckle erupted from Haymitch's crazed face. "My water isn't running." "Alright so what does this have to do with a girl?" Peeta demanded and pushed himself slightly in front of me in anticipation of danger from Haymitch's erratic behavior. "Who are you talking about?" "Well sweetheart," He addressed me "You weren't the only one. There were two before you I have tried to help. Silver Lockhearst was my first." "Your first what?!" Peeta inquired with speculation on the meaning behind Haymitch's words. "Tribute I mentored." He rinsed his hair in our sink and began to brush his yellowed teeth with Peeta's toothbrush. Brown foam tripped down his chin and sputtered it's way onto the bathroom mirror and into the air as he spoke. "Tribute I watched fight." Peeta stood back in defeat and held a towel in front of his face to deflect the dirty minty spit that was now on almost every surface of our bathroom. "And she is alive."