my mood changes. "Sorry. It's just…" I trail off, searching for the right word, but am unable to find it. "I know." I give her a nod, and we descend into silence. Surprisingly, it's not at all awkward, and I content myself with gazing up at the moon while surreptitiously sneaking glances at her with my peripherals. She's about a half head taller than me, and I'd put her at around seventeen. Two years older than me, then. Her hair is dark and wavy, and loose tonight, fluttering in the shifting wind. I can feel my own hair beginning to come free of its plait; Reyna has me in extensions again, and I find them so annoying I just had to get them out of my face. But I was never the most skilled at the art of tying hair, and now I'm sure mine looks less like a braid and more like a frayed snake of rope. Surprisingly, it is she who breaks the silence. "I thought I'd be the only one awake, here…I couldn't sleep, you see." I nod. Me too. "And I'm not overly fond of nightmares, myself." I give another nod. "Sometimes dreams are the worst sort of tragedy, because we can't ever change them. We have to let them run their course, no matter if it's terrifying." I look up from the spot I had been staring at on the ground to find her gaze fixed on me, pleasantly astonished. I feel an urge to lighten the increasingly dampening mood. "That's right, in my past life I was an oracle. Or a slug; either one suits." Sienna looks away. "So…"I say. "We haven't really been properly introduced. I'm Eulalie Valentine-Cook. Lillie, to my friends. Well, some of them, anyway." "Sienna Whishaw." Trying to start a conversation with this girl I imagine being somewhat akin to pulling teeth. "That's…great." Sienna doesn't respond. I take that as an incentive to stay quiet, which is really rather difficult. I content myself with examining my nails, which are small half-moons bitten down to the quick. Interesting. After a long minute passes without either of us speaking again, I begin to feel my eyelids start to close. My head feels like it's been stuffed full of old gears and wires; in other words, it's heavy. I stifle a yawn. "Well, Sienna Whishaw…I'm off." She looks at me, and her face is eerily lit up by the moon directly behind her. Giving her a little two-fingered salute, I wink. She blinks, and her lips curve into a smile. A feeling of elation bubbles up inside of me; I've achieved something here, tonight, making her smile like that. I'm walking away, then, and have just turned the handle on the door when her voice rings out behind me. "May the odds be ever in your favour, Eulalie Valentine-Cook." And I can't help but envision an arrow flying from her bow directly through my chest. Maybe I'm looking too far into this, but her words could be taken as a threat. Or maybe they're just an encouragement, or a joke, but I seriously doubt the latter. "You too, Sienna. Break a leg." And I close the door. Entering the Arena Two minutes. That's how much longer I will be free for. Two minutes. Only two. Once upon a time, I had hours, days, years. But now, I have less than anyone I know, because my world will not end when I die. My world will end when the Games begin. So much death ahead of me. I cannot fathom hurting another soul, but I have watched the Games for fifteen long years, and have seen enough to know that they can change a person in the worst ways, brutal ways, cruel. One minute. A smooth voice over the intercom crackles the time and advises all tributes to step inside their tubes. One minute. I am alone. I know others would have their stylists waiting, watching, but Reyna means nothing to me, and I doubt that anyone cares what I look like in the arena. The clothes they've given us are strange. A black blouse and jacket, loose and billowing and warm. It suggests cold days and nights ahead. White pants, sure to become stained. Sturdy brown boots, strong enough to weather anything, yet pretty enough to show that they were not meant for such hardship. I am wearing Lucah's necklace. I can only think of it of his, even though we made it together as children. I reach up a finger and brush it along the ridged texture. It calms me, and when I step into the clear glass tube, I feel no fear. A panel slides closed before me, enclosing the small space with me inside. I can still hear the intercom through the glass, however. Ten seconds, it says. Ten more seconds of life. I take a deep breath, trying to remember home. The crackle of wires in the middle of the night. The creaking bedsprings beneath my mattress. The way sunlight bounced off Lucah's blonde curls, the way it caught in his blue, blue eyes. Five seconds. A hug, full of warmth, love. A fleeting kiss, desire deeply repressed beneath. The long look of someone seeing you for the last time. I can feel myself rising through the tube, through the air. No longer am I suffocating; the glass panels are disappearing, and a wave of heat crashes through me, my eyes closing due to the harsh glare. The arena. We are in the arena. "Ladies and gentlemen, let the sixty-seventh annual Hunger Games begin!" Author's Note: Wow. This is long. I hope you guys enjoyed it! Just a few things; the headings in bold were prompts for this Hunger Games Challenge. The character of Sienna Whishaw belongs entirely to rainbowpanda0 ; we collaborated on this together. She'll be publishing her story soon, too, but they will differ somewhat (our own character MUST survive). Please fave, alert, review; whatever suits!