become a fine cook – nearly as good as Peeta – but she still hadn't mastered the honey-dough rabbit buns, and Jack Everdeen had a powerful longing for them. He wondered for the first time who this separation was meant to benefit, and resolved he would wait it out. He'd lasted three excruciating weeks when he realized Katniss was going to run away. He knew the look of a girl who was prepared to do anything to get to her sweetheart, and he wondered exactly when the stocky baker's boy had become his fierce daughter's sweetheart. He stalled Katniss for two days and finally went to town for Peeta himself. The boy had a little fortune of his own now, courtesy of his papa's will and the steady prosperity of the bakery. When Jack arrived to collect him, he shucked his apron like a shot and ran to the shops, spending as much as he wanted on presents for Katniss: pretty calicos, peppermints, a silver locket, some fine new knives. Before they left town, he packed parcels of fresh bread and buns and sweets from the bakery too. No sooner were they within sight of the cabin than Katniss came sprinting to meet them. Peeta leapt out of the wagon, his arms full of presents from town, and threw them all to the ground to seize her in a fierce, breathless hug. They crashed together and fell into a patch of dandelions, all happy tears and hungry, desperate kisses. Jack Everdeen tethered the pony, then took the bow from his back and slipped quietly into the woods. He returned an hour later to rhythmic creaks and gasps and little cries coming from the window above the trundle bed and conceded that it was probably inevitable. After all, fifteen was none too young in these parts, not for bedding, nor for wedding. Still, he brought the bow in with him. "Right," he said, tugging a chair alongside the trundle-drawer, which appeared to have been wrenched free from the bedframe by the weight and exertions of the tangled pair crowded into its narrow box. He cleared his throat and laid the bow conspicuously across his knees. It gave him momentary pause that Peeta was flushed, not merely from embarrassment but from having been inside Katniss a moment ago. Both were far more dressed than Jack had expected to find, in light of what they had just been doing, but he reminded himself of similar stolen moments from his own life that had required little more than the loosening of trouser buttons and the eager hiking of a skirt. "I'm on board with this," Jack said plainly, "but there's things that need doing first. A preacher and rings, for a start. Catkin, get your mama's blue calico from the chest and we'll go back to town." Walking a little stiffly (for reasons Jack tried not to think about), Katniss changed into her mama's prettiest dress and brushed out her Peeta-mussed braid, plaiting it round the crown of her head like Alys had always done. Her husband would take it down for her tonight, Jack realized, and kiss her slim dusky neck as he did so. Jack Everdeen wondered if this was why he had never thought to give Peeta his surname. Maybe he'd always anticipated the day the boy would give Katniss his own. They returned to the cabin just before sunset, with Peeta and Katniss's left hands bearing Jack and Alys's rings. The young newlyweds moved shyly toward the bedroom, hands interwoven and eyes silently seeking approval. Jack shook his head and waved them on. They didn't leave the trundle bed for a solid week, save for whirlwind trips to the outhouse and the occasional break for a bite of food. Jack preoccupied himself out of doors as much as possible, but judging by the perpetual vigorous creaking of the bed and the increasingly pleasured sounds drifting through the walls, whatever they were doing, they were clearly getting better at it. He determined that Raisa's idea of a featherbed behind closed doors had been a very good idea. Jack watched Katniss's braid grow glossy and thick, almost overnight, as her small belly swelled round and firm as a melon. He wondered whether he'd miscalculated slightly – whether, perhaps, his hunter's senses had failed him – and the wedding might not have been just in time. He waited for Peeta to grow impatient or bored with a pregnant wife. Neither had quite reached sixteen yet, and one or the other was sure to lose interest in keeping house, let alone the baby to come, in favor of fashions and festivals and the goings-on in town. But they didn't. Indeed, their routine scarcely altered: baking, hunting, gardening, foraging, dinner, music, bed. Katniss insisted on still climbing trees, and her lean legs grew even stronger from hefting the weight of her growing belly. Once a day Jack found them in the meadow, napping in a sunny patch of dandelions, with Peeta's head on Katniss's belly, as though he'd fallen asleep listening to their child. The scrunched-up, squalling thing with its thatch of sticky black hair arrived just before the violets, and it suited Katniss right down to the ground to name her after them. Peeta made no objection whatsoever, of course, having finally received the thing he'd longed for since he was five years old. He rocked and cooed and swaddled tiny Violet Mellark to his heart's content and surrendered her almost begrudgingly to her mama for feedings. Jack Everdeen couldn't help but be fascinated by the wet, toothless mouth rooting at his daughter's small breast – or by the stocky baker's boy crouched beside their chair, contentedly nuzzling his wife's cheek as he caressed their baby's downy head. Jack wondered when his catkin had grown old enough to be a mama herself, let alone a wife and lover. And he considered, with a small smile, whether he might not have wanted grandchildren all along.