"Just about the graphs." He nuzzles my nose with his. "But not the playlist. You usually take more convincing." "Huh. Guess I am easy after all." His laughter fans against my neck as his lips graze my throat. "Or maybe you just want this as bad as I do." "It kills me, you know," I rasp as his mouth latches onto the side of my neck, drawing the soft flesh between his teeth until it prickles with delicious heat. "How you knew what I'd want before I did." "I didn't know for certain," he admits between charged kisses. "All day, I was stressing out, panicking that you'd talked yourself out of it before I even had a chance to make my sales pitch." "What would you have done, then?" He draws back, examining with knitted brows the sweep of skin on my neck that undoubtedly models a new, shiny raspberry bruise. "Dear god." "It's fine. Scarf weather." My hand flutters in dismissal. "Answer my question." "It's huge ." "Peeta." "I swear, I didn't mean to do that—" " Peeta ." "It's going to need its own zip code!" "Peeta Mellark." I grip his cheeks with one hand, the stern line of my mouth wavering as his squished lips pucker like a goldfish's. "Forget about the hickey and answer my damn question." When I release his cheeks, the pink silhouettes of my fingerprints still claim his skin. I smile. "I don't know what I would've done," he admits after several moments of thought. "I mean, trying to sway you after you've already made up your mind is like inciting a fistfight with a brick wall, so I wouldn't have pushed it. But I think I would've needed to take some time away from this." He gently draws my fingers from his hair, curling his palms around mine and binding our hands to his chest. "Last night wasn't just a flipped switch for me. I can't turn off the new way I see you. If you didn't think of me that way, then I'd find the means to move past it, eventually, but I probably would've needed a three-month sabbatical in Siberia to get my head on straight." "You'd exile yourself for me?" "I'd do anything short of punching a brick wall for you, Katniss." He kisses my nose. And then our lips find each other's again, and the rest is history. Ignorantly, I once believed that two people couldn't fit on the floor between my couch and my coffee table, but Peeta and I make it work. With our bodies practically soldered together, there's even room for a throw blanket around us. "I'm pissed," I grumble against his bare chest. "At me?" "At both of us! It took us six whole years to figure this out! How could we be so stupid?" He chuckles, kissing my forehead. "Failed by the American education system," he muses. "And to think that we figured it out at a funeral reception ." "Finally—something I can thank my mother for." My instantaneous desire to smack him dissolves with the pressure of his lips against my hairline, and I want to be angry, because how dare Peeta turn me into such a softie? And after only twenty-four hours, too! Where will I be in a week ? But in the past, I never could harbor resentment for Peeta for more than a few minutes at a time. My newfangled perpetual-softie state only raises that threshold. I end up kissing a heart pattern into his chest, enthralled by the soothing cadence of his pulse. My ear flattens against his ribs to encode its rhythm into my memory. "We have to tell Madge." My voice is drawn into a purr as he strokes the arc of my cheekbone. "As soon as possible," he adds. "Tomorrow?" "I'll ask her to meet us at Dewey's." His fingers sweep over the top of my spine. "She'll likely be upset. Especially since she and I are already at swords' points. But she appreciates honesty more than anything, so I hope…" He doesn't need to finish. I hum in agreement, the sound subdued as it resonates against his chest, where it tapers into a soft exhale. His pulse synchronizes with my breathing, then, and I return to charting his heartbeat. But my mental-mapping is disrupted by the sharp crack of knuckles on wood. Peeta and I both jolt upright at the sound of the knocking, and because my back is to the coffee table, I end up smacking the side of my skull against the mahogany ridge. " Ow !" "You okay?" He cradles my head in his hands, brows crinkled in alarm. My brain throbs, but I imagine the piercing ache will dull in a few minutes, so I nod. "Get the door for me, okay?" I plead, squinting through the sting. He helps me onto the sofa first, covering me with the throw blanket. "I'll send them away," he says as he shuffles into his boxers and jeans. "I have no idea who'd come here this late." Shirt wadded in his hands, he skates over to the door, unlocking the deadbolt without first glancing through the peephole. I watch him as he peels the door back, just a sliver, so his body can block the visitor's view of the couch. "Who is it?" I call out. Peeta doesn't respond. But the answer is etched in the curl of his fingers, which go slack and let his t-shirt fall into a crumpled mound at his feet. Ice splinters through my arms and legs, and I bolt upright, clutching the trim of the blanket to my chest. I feel dizzy. I know it's not because I hit my head. Speak of the devil, and he doth appear. "Peeta, what are you doing here?" I hear Madge ask. But the razor-sharp lilt of her voice, probably honed at the sight of him shirtless and answering my door for me, tells me that she already knows.