eyes are almost level and for a moment neither of us speaks or looks away. Madge blinks once slowly. She does that so often. "Am I hurting you?" The noise in the room seems to fade as I concentrate on her lips, which are just shy of close to mine. "No." I can hear her swallow, but she does not move and neither do I. Somewhere in the infirmary a tray clatters on the floor and the infirmary buzzes back to life around us. She blinks again and looks down. I see her take a deep breath and begin to work again. "Let me know if it becomes painful." All I can do is nod. My face comes next. She leans in closer, her hip brushing against my knees. I'm clutching the edge of the table with my left hand, stabilizing myself against the close proximity of her body. She's a little bit shorter than Katniss and her body curves in all the right places. Since she hasn't been starving her whole life , I tell myself, which hardly merits approval . Still. A guy could get used to it…having something to hold onto. Stop. She's from town. She's from town. She's from town. Except there is no town or District 12. And neither of us has anything. So, we're pretty equal. Although, I am down a shirt and she has a brand new smock. I wonder where she got a hold of verbena-scented soap. Madge is concentrating on her work, oblivious to my train of thought. "The burn on your face isn't so bad. Eventually the dead skin will peel away without leaving a scar. Like a sunburn." Great, I think, since I don't have enough scars. Then Madge is treating the reddened skin on my back and neck. Like my face, it's only slightly damaged from the being so close to the fires. Unlike my arm and chest which actually caught on fire. Because I had to drag her kicking and screaming through the inferno of market square since she refused to leave her parents to die. If she'd come willingly then we probably would have made it out before the Justice Building collapsed and the debris hit me. This thought sobers me more than a bucket of ice water could do, but to my amazement, there isn't any venom in it. Nothing would have induced me to leave my family behind. Ever. I'm just bigger and stronger than she is. My body tenses as she comes around to work on my back. I've avoided letting anyone see the scars Thread gave me, except for the times Mrs. Everdeen checks on how the skin is healing. Madge's light fingers barely brush the ugly ridges and I begin to relax. She uses a different jar with a gentler medicine. It's a transparent green gel and has a cool, wholesome scent. Aloe? "I'm sorry about these, too," Madge whispers. She means the scars. I can't see her face but the pity in her voice is easy to recognize. I don't like it. "Forget it." "I can't," she mumbles, and there's a shiver in her voice. "It one of the worst things I've ever seen done to a person. In real life." "You were there?" I gasp, taken aback. "You watched it?" Her breath is warm on my back as she sighs. "I stayed until Katniss came." Hmm. I don't like it – the idea that Madge witnessed my back being torn to shreds. Not because of my pride, for once, but because I hate the thought that her innocence has been tarnished by human cruelty. I doubt she's experienced half of what I have. Maybe I resent that she's grown up sheltered and privileged, but when it comes down to it, I guess I'd prefer that for her – or anyone – in comparison to the harsh conditions I was raised under. And then I think about what her privileged life has actually given her. Nothing, really. It didn't save her parents, or keep her safe from the machinations of the Capitol. I think of the half-healed rash on her arm and I know it didn't help her in the woods and whatever it is that she isn't telling me. She leaves for a moment to dispose of the foul bandages and collect fresh ones. When she comes back, I watch her neatly binds the wounds with new dressings. "A doctor will come take a look at your arm soon and make sure the bone is healing correctly." She smiles. "I'm sure that will be a relief to you." Before she turns to leave I clumsily take her hand with my left one. "Thank you," I say. "You're welcome, Gale," she replies. I am oddly pleased to see her smile at me again and the words simply come. "What do you do when your shift is over?" She mouth drops open a little and she doesn't even blink. "Um…I usually find something to eat and then go sleep in the back." That's all? It's odd how different are lives are, mine so full of people I care about and Madge's so…well…lacking in human companionship. The words are out of my mouth before I really think things through. "Come eat with my family tonight." We're both taken aback and I have to school my features to hide my look of surprise. She shifts uncomfortably, like she doesn't know if my invitation is genuine. I guess I can't blame her. We're not exactly friends and I've been kind of caustic toward her in the past. "I'll come back and get you…if you like." Madge nods and her lips turn up softly. "I would like that." AN: Thanks so much for reading! I hope you enjoyed this ficlet. Some of the things that I vaguely alluded to in this fic, like Hazelle's relationship to Madge and the history behind Madge's rash, etc. will be fully explained in And So We Run Redux .