knew I had to do something," Gale creepily continues, "with you marrying Peeta, the title for the next king might be given back to him, and that's unacceptable. You don't expect a man to willingly loose his love and throne all in the same day, do you? No, I needed to put a stop to it. And with your father being so willing to give your hand in marriage, I thought all was swell, that is until you and that idiot decided to run away. Now I suggest you obey everything I say, or you can watch your love die right before your eyes, then see whom you really are meant to be with." I nod my head as fear takes over the anger in my body. I will not let Peeta die. "Good. Now, at the end of the song, I want you to take my hand and come with me. Do NOT look back at lover boy, or he will die, just straight ahead. You will follow me, and not make a single sound, understand?" I nod my head again as the severity of the situation falls upon my chest. At that moment, the song ended, and I held onto Gale's hand and took a step away from Peeta, following Gale. Every single step was another crack in my heart, as the distance between us grew. Soon, I am in the garden, underneath my balcony, where a horse and carriage wait hidden in the bushes. Gale roughly pushed me into the carriage, climbing in after me. Once he is seated, he barks to the buggy driver, "Take us to the original destination." I turn my head back looking out of the window, silently praying Peeta is following us, but for some reason, I feel he has been stopped. Suddenly, I feel a hard hand on the back of my neck and a wet cloth smothering my face. I struggle against the force, but instantaneously fall asleep as the scent of Ether fills the air. I wake up to the smell of rotting wood and vintage monographs. When I open my eyes, an old man is standing over me dressing in black, with a while collar around his neck, "She has awoken," he exclaims as he helps me to my feet. "We can go on with the service now." "Remember," Gale vulgarly says, "she frequently passes out from over exhaustion, and today has been a very exciting day." Gale glances over at me with a smile on his face, but his eyes say the opposite of happiness. "So you will need to be fast, for who knows when she might give way again. You do not want to wait any longer to get married, now do you, my Kitten ?" In a state of shock, I pull myself together, with the only hope that I am saving Peeta's life. As a tear falls from my dirty brown eyes as I plaster a fake smile on my face and say, "Yes dear." I see Gale nod once, as if I did the right thing, and the hope of saving Peeta grows stronger. "Then we shall begin," the old man states. I walk towards Gale and take my hand in his. It feels to rough and cold against my skin, so unlike Peeta's. I hear the old man ask Gale, "Do you take this young woman to be your lawfully wedded wife?" "I do," Gale drawls in my ear, his breath scratching against my neck, causing me to want to pull away. For Peeta' life, I say to myself as I resist the powerful urge to pull away and run. "And do you; take this young man to be your lawfully wedded husband?" I take in a shuddering breath, as another tear falls from my eyes, straight to the floor and say, "I-" "Stop Kitten!" I hear Peeta scream. I spin around and see him sprinting through the doors with at least ten palace guards, "Him!" He hisses, "He kidnapped Princess Katniss Everdeen of Scotland!" Suddenly, all the guards' storm towards Gale, as Peeta ran towards me. I met him halfway when his arms come around me and lift me into an embrace. Tears spring from both out eyes as I say, "I thought I'd never see you again! He threatened to kill you, and I do not know what I would do without you!" "Me to love, but I'm here now. I'll always be here," Peeta says as he captures my lips in a kiss full of so much passion, history should record the moment to explain to future generations what true love looks like. How in this world, love is meant to be, and only few are chosen to bear its responsibilities. When I land on my feet again, Peeta and I look at each other, both our eyes shining with love and lust, until Peeta's eyes widen in horror. I am roughly thrown to the side by Peeta, looking up just in time to see Gale pierce a sword right through my life's heart. A scream unlike any other escapes my lips as I watch Gale viciously rip the blood stained sword out of him, as Peeta falls to the ground. So much commotion happens within that minute. Gale's look of pleasure gracing his face right before one of the guards executes him; the cries from the old man as well as other guards filling the room. But the only thing that matters is laying on the floor, gasping for breath as he coughs up crimson blood. I rush to Peeta's side and take his hand in mine as I watch the life slowly drain from his bright blue eyes. His hand still as soft and warm in mine as it was on the day we first held hands. Peeta raises his other hand to trace the outline of my features once more, as his words of hope and security escape his lips one last time, "My Kitten."