breath. He presses a single kiss to her forehead, then her nose, before he guides himself to her entrance, and suddenly, they're merged. The feel of him is different than anyone before—maybe it's because he waits until she's comfortable to move, and so she adjusts to him more fully—and so when she pleads for him to move, the pain almost instantly dulls into a tingling ache. And he feels glorious. He worships every inch of her body he can reach with his mouth and his fingers as his hips move steadily against hers, driving forward and back, eliciting gasps with each gentle movement. Her own lips find the soft hollow below his ear, and he releases a groan so rich that it resonates in every corner of her small, fragile frame. Peeta is careful with her, as Katniss is well aware that he is intent on finding her own pleasure along with his own; he still holds true to his promise to not hurt her, for his touches are delicate, but they never lack in confidence. He guides her, but he does not control her. She spreads herself wider, her feet digging into the small of his back to bring him closer, deeper, and they both gasp in indulgence. She doesn't even have an outside desire to compare Peeta to anyone else, because as he lies here with her, slowly rocking into her and building her up higher, higher, there's no possible parallel. Tonight is the first night she understands what it means to make love with someone, because with Peeta's lyrical motions and the soft cadences falling from his lips, she has never felt so precious and so adored. He tells her he loves her time and time again, in hope that she'll begin to believe him, his promise finding purchase on her lips, her neck, her breasts. Each word causes that tension in her belly to increase, growing and expanding until it's rooting much deeper than just in her core. When she tells Peeta she's close to the peak she so rarely arrives at, he skates a hand between their bodies and finds that epicenter for the second time, massaging her in small, tight circles until she's there, she's here, with him, and she cries out against his lips as he brings her over the edge, into a world made of stars and heat and color. He follows immediately after, muffling his own moan into the juncture between her shoulder and her neck, his lips sliding against her skin. They lay there for a while like gelatin figurines, and even though his weight over her limits the breath in her lungs, it feels wonderful, because he's so warm and so close. She curls her fingers in his sweaty hair, clutching him to her, fearing he'll disappear if she lets him go untouched for even a split second. When their minds have finally anchored back in reality, he flips them both over, and her cheek nestles against his chest, his arm cocooning her against his side. She feels his fingers absent-mindedly toying with the end of her braid, and he dots her forehead with several lazy kisses before telling her, once more, "I love you." That night, she is not yet able to say it back, but he tells her affectionately that it's alright. As long as she accepts it, they've made progress. They repeat their endeavors night after night, until Katniss's reservations are all but completely erased, and she nearly forgets what it's like to have sex without making love, and Peeta tells her he loves her more than the sun and the moon, and she, miraculously, learns to believe him. He transforms her winter into summer, bringing her the heat that had so eagerly evaded her since last spring. And when their new spring arrives in Manhattan, she takes a walk with him one day to discover she can now feel the pleasant warmth of a light breeze again. She'd almost forgotten. There's not a day that passes as March becomes April, and April becomes May, and May becomes June, and June becomes the month in which they met, that Peeta does not remind her how fully he loves her. By the time a year has elapsed since she first ducked into his bakery, she can hardly remember what it feels like to doubt Peeta's affection. And so she heals. There are still nights in which she awakes sobbing and thrashing, and he must hold her until she remembers that things are better, learning to differentiate between what is real and not real. There are still times when Peeta accidentally holds a little too hard, and her mind reels, her stomach curdling, and she has to rock herself back into reality. But Peeta fights for her. And she has learned to fight for herself, too. So happiness never wanders too far from them. One night, after Peeta has turned her world into stardust multiple times over, and he tells her he loves her like he always does, she's startled to hear it echoed into the sticky air of her bedroom, thick with the sugary cocktail of heat and sweat. "I love you, too." She's startled by it, yes, but not repentant. She doesn't doubt even for a second that she means it. The love she was once expertly accustomed to had been complex, complete with strain and jealousy and weakness and dominion. But this new love, the love that Peeta has planted in her and waters with every kiss, nourishes with every tender touch, and shines sunlight on with every genuine "I love you," is simple. It is young, balanced, full of potential, brimming with life, and retains the ability to grow separate of the old weed that Katniss has since torn out. And so that night, as Peeta traces gentle strokes across her bare skin as he always does, the once-starving Katniss Everdeen begins to drift to a peaceful, warmth-laced sleep, her skinny love finally fed.