soft smile, "Thanks, Rory. You look nice too." And he does. He's wearing hand me down khaki pants and a blue linen dress shirt. I turn to Posy, who has a doll in her hand made of twigs with leaves for hair, "What's her name?" Posy looks confused, "whose name?" "The doll, silly. Every doll needs a name." After I say this, I can tell she hasn't even considered it. "Hmm… Rosemary. I shall name her Rosemary so Rosemary is her name," she says determinedly with a serious expression on her face, oblivious to everyone's failed attempts to contain their laughter. Before I can respond, a loud horn blares through the speakers, crackling. Time to get in line. Posy gives me a hug, and whispers in my ear, "Good luck Primmy, I love you." I smile my biggest smile, even though I feel like crying, "As I love you. See you at dinner, Pose," and rush off before I actually cry. Rory meets me at the table and we get our fingers pricked and our names checked in, proving we're present. "I hate needles," He says this while glaring at his finger. I can't help but laugh at his whiny voice, "You're an extremely skilled hunter, 6'1", 17 years old, and scared of a little needle?" He gives me a glare and nods. I roll my eyes, say good luck, and turn to give him a hug before we separate to our places in the crowd. He has an unidentifiable look in his eyes, and I can't place why it's familiar and don't have time to, when he leans in and kisses my cheek before disappearing into thin air. I'm frozen to my spot, and touch the place with a shaky hand where his lips met my skin, trying to think of what that meant. I know, to me, it was my best friend giving me a harmless good luck kiss. But since I don't know what his look meant, I'm clueless as to what it meant to him. Before embarrassing myself, I join the other girls in my age group. Less than five minutes later Effie bounces elegantly onto the stage, dressed in some frilly, ruffled pink dress, with matching pink hair and makeup. Her clothes are ridiculous and obnoxious, in a "look at me! Look at me!" way, and all I can think is how her ensemble could feed District 12 for a month. "Welcome, welcome! To the 74th annual Hunger Games! May the odds be ever in your favor!" Her screeching voice is like nails on a chalkboard, and from everyone's faces, they all agree. She turns toward the stage steps when Haymitch Abernathy walks up them, looking in desperate need of a shower. Knowing that if I were closer, he'd smell like liquor, I shake my head a little. When he sits down in his victor chair, I lock eyes with him. He waves to me with a grin that's reserved only for me (trust me, I know, he never smiles or grins or makes any positive facial expression to anyone other than me), and I wave back and smile. Haymitch is the only living victor of District 12, and one of my closest friends. I met him when I was 14. I was in the Hob, trying to trade a squirrel to an old, gross, belligerent man. I told him my price, and he didn't agree. I told him to take it or leave it. He said no, but when I turned away, he grabbed my wrist and tried to take the squirrel from me. That's when Haymitch appeared and beat the man unconscious, right before I did. You see, Haymitch didn't know I'd been fully capable of handling it, and nobody would've guessed I could with the way I looked (skinny, lanky, and well, like a 14 year old girl). However, I appreciated it immensely. Especially when he bought my squirrel for way more than asking price and walked me home. Everybody avoids him, except for me. He was extremely sweet and loyal, but he was kind of like an onion. You know, lots of layers. He had been through a lot in his life, with his games and his nonexistent family. He was like the father I never had. He nicknamed me "Rosie", which I loved, but allowed no one else to call me. I would often go to his house in the Victor's Village for no reason at all but his company. I am slowly trying to get him to wean off the alcohol, with various different concoctions, with no success. But I love him, drunk and all. Katniss doesn't approve. She believes he's a mean bitter drunk, and their scarce conversations consist of bickering and insults. She doesn't know him like I do, though. Nobody does. Like I said, onion. "Ladies first!" Effie trills into the microphone, drawing my gaze away from Haymitch's worried eyes, and walks over to the bowl for the girls. She pulls out a name and dramatically pauses, and out of the corner of my eye I see a head snap in my direction. I know its Rory when I look over at him and give him a small smile, hoping it doesn't look pained. He looks nervous, sweating bullets. Suddenly he looks panicked. He looks at Effie, then back at me multiple times. I feel the smile drop from my face, wondering why he's looking like that. Did I miss something? Did Effie speak? The girls around me take a step back. I turn and look at Effie as she repeats the one name I thought would never come from her lips. "Primrose Everdeen!" Oh. That's why Rory is looking at me funny. Why I hear a sob, which I know is Katniss. Why I hear a gasp, from my mother. Why I see Haymitch, with a look of worry and pity on his face. Why I, Primrose Everdeen, have to look as tough as possible.