happy and sad. Some sort of triumphantly feeling spread in his stomach. She was scared of losing him. "I've chosen not to tell you, Effs," " Chosen? " she questioned him further. "It's best if you don't know anything, for … They'll come for you, but just rest assure that you have no part in this, so they can't and won't hurt you," He was lying. Lying so badly. He had considered taking her to 13 after the victors broke out of the arena, but she would never be able to stay there. There was nothing for her to do. He wasn't even sure she agreed with the need for a rebellion, for he knew that some part of her still saw the games as bloody good entertainment. She was raised that way. It disgusted him. Sometimes she disgusted him, the way she talked about their tributes or the games in general. She had learned to talk of other things with him, but deep down he resented her feelings towards it. When he was drunk enough he told her. They would come after her, yes. But they wouldn't just let her go. Not after what Snow had implied at their meeting. Not after Snow knew he could use Effie against him. "What's going on, Haymitch?" She wasn't mad, but the irritation in her voice was clear. "I'm not going to just sit here and let you deceive me like that, don't keep me in the dark!" she insisted. "Please trust me," Haymitch begged. He realized how much he had been begging of her the last few days. She was too easy to convince. This time too. She sighed and kissed him. "I do trust you. I just don't know what to make of you," Silence. Another long five minutes of it. "You mean it, don't you?" she asked breaking the silence once again. Her body felt warm and tense against him, but she was still crying a bit. "Mean what?" "That you love me," she whispered so silently, he swore she didn't even say anything. "I love you," Haymitch repeated. She relaxed. Closing her eyes softly. For the first time she fell asleep beside him. He was as uncomfortable as he had ever been, her head pressing down on his upper arm and her arm spread across his chest, but he couldn't find it in his heart to move. Through the numbing pain he felt great. He never did fall asleep that night. "Don't leave me!" she said panicking, defeated, scared. He couldn't bear it, but there was no, absolutely no way he could save her by now. They could already hear the peacekeeper boots stomping from both sides as Haymitch stood on the emergency staircase to go to the roof of the building. He kissed her, then took his first step. Then changed his mind and grabbed her arm. No, she wouldn't be safe or happy in 13, but better unsafe and unhappy than dead. "Then come with me," he asked and pulled her through the broken window. These emergency staircases were never meant to be used – tributes could escape from here! But it looked good to the public, that security was taken care of. "Where to?" she asked and Haymitch flinched when she cut herself on the broken glass frame. "I'll explain that later, alright, just … Just follow me," She couldn't run fast enough, he already knew. Effie was a lot of things, but athletic wasn't one of them and though she'd kicked of the heels and adrenaline was surely rushing through her, she still had to go up about three long flights of stairs to reach the roof, where running wouldn't even be enough to make it to the hovercraft. Only mindless sprinting, not caring what or who was stepped on in the process. She tried, though and Haymitch pushed her further and further. When they reached the end of the stairs, he had felt several tranquilizer bullets pass dangerously close to him from the peacekeepers behind them. He heard her scream when he reached the hovercraft only a few metres in front of her. He closed his eyes as they took of. This wasn't happening. They were so close. Only a few more milliseconds and she would be safe here with him, just for a while. The world turned upside down and he feared he was about to faint when he looked through the still open door. Two peacekeepers were holding the manically fighting escort, whom he never knew could yell his name so loudly. So pleadingly. Come back. Don't leave me. Haymitch! Her screams echoed inside him, making it seem like someone was taking each of his internal organs and violently pushing them through a meat grinder. … neither you nor your pretty little girlfriend is going to live. Her screams were replaced by the words of president Snow. They'd kill her for sure now. He'd failed. If he had only … told her about this. If he'd prepared her for the fight, she could have run ahead as soon as the arena exploded. And now where they'd seen her running with him, well, it was hard not to picture her as a rebel, though she wasn't. She was just scared and too easily manipulated by his words. "What happened Haymitch?" Plutarch asked him and pulled him further into the craft, so the doors could be properly closed, ultimately shutting him of from the last ray of Capitol light. "I left her…" Haymitch said too overwhelmed by the situation to cry or even show a single strand of emotion. "I left her behind…" Author's Note: This is yet another one of those oneshots that I could see going further, but I don't know if it'd just be to repetitive, since a lot of fics are about the whole "Effie-is-tortured-then-saved" deal. I've already written a few myself. Please let me know if you want me to write more, ideas and feedback are always appreciated.