thinking these thoughts, she knew in the back of her mind that he wouldn't survive. Iris clung to her elder sister, her fingers digging into Annie's arms. Annie sat and simply held her. She closed her eyes, breathing slowly and deeply. The tears had already threatened her multiple times that day and she would be damned if she let them win. Annie knew she was a ticking time bomb, and one more jab to the ribs would send her over the edge. Iris relaxed her grip, and cast her green eyes upward to meet Annie's. They were reddened and swollen. Annie used her thumbs to gently wipe away the salty liquid streaming from her sister's eyes. Iris forced herself to smile as Annie laid a kiss atop her head. "You have to get ready now." Iris' voice came out in a feeble whisper, devoid of inflection. Annie found the rickety wooden clock to her right, ticking the time away. It said they had only thirty minutes until the "ceremony," as Aurora Cuffington called it every year since Annie could remember. She would have time to throw on a dress, toss her hair in some semi-fashionable hairdo and scarf down a small plate of food. Luckily, they were only a few minutes' walk from the Town Square. Annie beamed at Iris. "If only I had your time management skills." She tapped her on the shoulder, and Iris scurried off her lap. The youngest Cresta was already dressed in her Reaping Day clothes – a coral-colored frock with capped sleeves and a hem that brushed her knobby knees. She donned white sandals with tiny decorative seashells on her feet. Half of her hair was secured with a matching ribbon, while the rest flowed freely in tousled waves down her back. The dress used to belong to Annie, and Malia before that. Annie thought she looked beautiful, as always, but something seemed different. Iris looked as if she aged years in a matter of hours. Perhaps it was due to the somber expression she wore. Annie tried to imagine an eleven year-old standing before her, but simply couldn't. "Coral suits you," Annie said. Iris didn't respond. She was already rummaging in the double-shuttered closet they shared, searching for the perfect dress for Annie. Annie suspected she had crowned the winner when she pulled out a vibrant, turquoise piece with a sash around the waist. "I like this one." Iris carefully laid out the dress on the bed beside Annie. Annie faced the floor-length mirror, studying her transformation. The dress fit her quite nicely. It had a scope neck, with slitted sheer sleeves that billowed out, stopping at her wrists. A tied sash wrapped around the center of the bodice – a slightly darker turquoise than the rest. The skirt cascaded from her waist and, like Iris', it grazed her knees. Iris picked out a pair of shoes that belonged to her mother – lovely, simple turquoise heels to accompany the dress. Iris ran a brush through Annie's seemingly unmanageable locks and cinched them in a loose side ponytail, draping her curls over her left shoulder. She even gave Annie a tube of sheer, sparkly gloss to paint her lips with. "Wait here a minute, Annie. I'm not finished with you yet," Iris said as she bolted out the door. True to her word, she returned a minute later, carrying an orange blossom in her hand. "I think this will tie it all together." She broke off the stem and tucked the flower in the blue ribbon containing her locks, so it appeared the orange rose kept them in place. Annie's vision began to blur, and in the mirror she saw a seventeen year-old girl who's eyes were welling up like a hot spring. Curse those eyes, and their ability to falter at the slightest stir of emotion. "You look beautiful." Iris rested her chin on Annie's shoulder. Annie, for once, had to agree. She saw her mother staring back at her – young, strong, vivacious. Maybe it was Malia's favorite flower adorning her hair. Or maybe she was beginning to take on her late mother's womanly looks. Regardless, Annie felt beautiful with the help of Iris and, inadvertently, her mother. "Thank you, Iris," Annie whispered, turning her head to plant a kiss on her little sister's cheek. "Girls! Are you alive in there? You only have a few minutes to eat, Ann! Then we have to go!" Terrell called from outside the door. Annie and Iris exchanged grins, and made their way back to the kitchen. Terrell was sitting beside a still sedentary Reagan, who never abandoned that spot on the wall. An untouched plate of salmon, oysters and seaweed sat before him. Annie stopped short, unable to take in the sight. Reagan always ate his food, regardless of his emotional state. This year really took a toll on him. Terrell, on the other hand, had a plate licked clean of food in front of him. He glanced up as Annie and Iris entered. His eyes widened, as a smile took shape on his face. "Well, well, well. If it isn't the most strikingly beautiful girls in the world – in our own kitchen to boot! You both look lovely. Nice to see you in some dry clothes, Ann." Terrell winked at his oldest daughter. Annie couldn't stop the grin that surely spanned from ear to ear. The girls took their seats, and Annie felt as though she inhaled the contents on her plate. As quickly as she ate, however, the quality of the food was incomparable. Terrell crafted her favorite dish, and it tasted identical to her mother's cooking. Once both Cresta girls were finished, everyone bustled out the door. Of course, the other three had to coax Reagan to move, but that proved less difficult than Annie imagined. Each girl grabbed his hands and led him into the outside world – a place none of them were especially excited to go.