He's pretty sure Gale will never quite grasp the nuances of the Capitol citizens. Hell, it took Haymitch almost a decade before he realized that Capitol citizens were victims in their own way. Sure, they weren't starving or destined to kill each other for sport, but they were slaves to the government. If the districts were just meat to be ground, then the Capitol citizens were the gears, turning at the whim of a cruel and vindictive man. "Seriously, Prim," Haymitch says. "Don't worry about it. Effie's a big girl. She can take care of herself." If Haymitch isn't doing his best to screw it up. He excuses himself and heads back to Command. Hopefully whatever Plutarch or Coin is going to drone on about will be enough to take his mind off the cravings. But he's not holding his breath. He doesn't see Effie much in the next few days, and she doesn't speak to him at all. He probably deserves it. He sees her with Finnick fairly often, trying to cheer him up, take his mind off of Annie, take hers off of Peeta. It's been almost a week since Effie's spoken to him – he's holed up in his quarters, running over intel Plutarch's gathered from the Capitol. They've been trying to devise a way to rescue Peeta and the others since they've arrived in Thirteen, but Haymitch is growing more desperate with every propaganda film he sees Peeta appear in. Katniss is falling apart. There are papers strewn over the room, blueprints and Beeetee's ideas, reconnaissance reports and images, and Haymitch has given up on trying to organize them. He hears a knock on his door, a familiar cadence, one he's used to hearing during a train ride or in a penthouse. "Come in," he says. Effie walks in, her uniform cut up and rearranged and somehow made to look much more appealing on her than on anyone else in District Thirteen. Still ridiculous, though. "This place is a mess!" she cries. The appalled tone of her voice brings back familiar memories and Haymitch leans back in his chair and smirks. "Hello to you too, sweetheart." "Really, Haymitch, your housekeeping skills are dreadful." She sighs and begins cleaning up. It's just like old times, and for a moment Haymitch has to remember they're no longer in the Capitol sorting through deals with sponsors. Effie actually looks at ease, for once. Comfortable and content, like maybe she's remembering the old times too. "Do you miss it?" he asks, surprised he verbalized the question at all. Effie looks surprised too. "Miss what?" she asks, but he thinks she knows. "The Capitol, the… frivolity." "I don't miss the Games," Effie says sharply, turning away to gather more papers. "That's not what I asked." "Isn't it, though?" She sits on the edge of his bed, graciously ignoring the dirty, untucked sheets. "I know what people here think of me, Haymitch. That they find me insufferable ." Her hands clench in her lap, and Haymitch thinks it's incredible how expressive her face is (even when she's upset, especially when she's upset) without all that makeup. "They hate me, but I don't even know them. I don't belong here; I don't understand it – the people, the rules, the clothes." She pulls at the gray jumpsuit she's wearing. "The clothes are just awful." "What do you want me to say, Effie?" Haymitch replies. "I'm sorry? I'm sorry for kidnapping you from the Capitol and making you were ugly clothes?" "No! Of course not, Haymitch," she says. "I know you brought me here to help Katniss." "Sweetheart, I didn't bring you here to help Katniss," Haymitch tells her. "I brought you here to help you." He leans forward in his chair. "Do you have any idea what would've happened to you if I left you behind?" "Yes, I do," she says. "I'm not as oblivious as you think I am. I know what happened to Cinna, and Portia, and-and the rest. I know it would've happened to me too. I just didn't think it mattered." "Of course it matters, you think I want to leave you there to rot?" "Yes-well, no, I don't know. I just know the things you and Plutarch are doing, the things you never told me about, are more important than-than…" "Than you?" Haymitch asks, not unkindly (but he is not a kind man). Effie presses her lips together tightly, so tightly he can see the vibrant pink in them recede. She nods. Haymitch sighs. He's tired and sober and so, so unprepared for this conversation it's laughable. In fact, he probably would be laughing if this had happened anywhere else; he'd be liquor-soaked and barely coherent. He misses those days more than he should. "If my time spent with you has taught me anything," Haymitch says. "It's that nothing is more important than Effie Trinket and her schedules." He smirks, sly and boyish and charming – the smirk that charmed half the Capitol during his interview before the Games. "Katniss needs you, Effie. And I guess I need you too." Effie smiles softly, and leans toward him. "Thank you, Haymitch," she whispers, and kisses him on the corner of his mouth. Her lips are soft, and they linger for maybe a moment too long, just long enough that Haymitch thinks maybe he should kiss her too, that maybe he's been wanting to kiss her for a few years now (he had always thought that was just the booze talking). But she pulls away before he can make up his mind, and her cheeks are pink and so are her lips and he really does want to kiss her, only she walks away from him and to the door and out of his reach. "You've never done that before," he says. "You've never been sober before," she replies, before smirking (just like him) and leaving. For the first time since he's been here his mouth is no longer dry.