behind after physically breaking the hold Astrid had on her hand. The local Peacekeepers gave startled frowns, knowing this girl was not Astrid: chin up, expression cool, she looked up at Dorabella Blithe from the aisle and said, without bothering to raise her voice, "I volunteer as sacrifice." Dorabella's queer turquoise eyelashes fluttered in astonishment. A ripple ran through the crowd; Russ' tearstained face appeared from behind his hands, aghast, not believing what he had heard, and he staggered off the ground, friends clapping hands on his back, though they were all pale-faced as they watched Eirwen pass. "Well, I'll be!" Dorabella tittered. "There's never such excitement here in this desolate place! A volunteer – I'd wager District 9's first ever, too! Well, for many years, anyway – wouldn't you say, Dagonet? You're the only one to remember – besides Griet, and she never graces us with her presence anymore." Dagonet's insides had disappeared. Not her . Usually a selected tribute had to be escorted up onstage. But nearly every Peacekeeper here – there were so few, barely a dozen – had been treated by Eirwen at least once. And to know her was to admire and love her. They seemed rooted to the spot like the children and adults Dagonet believed had all stopped breathing. Eirwen had volunteered. Walking up to the stage, Eirwen looked…almost regal . Composed, serene, her chin high, even though she was barefoot; her snow-white dress of tissue-thin cotton sewn with tiny white forget-me-nots glowed in the sunshine, her hair vibrant like a halo, her beautiful face clear of emotion and chillingly perfect because of it, and as Dorabella tittered and reached to hustle Eirwen onstage, Eirwen gave her a look of such scorching disdain, Dorabella withdrew her hand as if she had upset a bear-trap. Dorabella cleared her throat, giving a nervous giggle, and cooed into the microphone, "Now, what's your name, dear?" "Eirwen Hardy," she said softly. "Well, how marvellous we finally have something exciting here in District 9. Was that your sister, a cousin?" "No." Dorabella's smile dipped a little. Dagonet knew what she was thinking; a Career ? There was nothing spectacular about Career tributes. Districts 1, 2 and 4 were notorious for training their children in elite academies before they volunteered at eighteen. Those Districts usually won. Unless their food-source was destroyed. Dagonet stared across the temporary pavilion, uneasiness creeping over his skin like a swarming lava. Not her … "Well, let's get along to the young gentlemen, shall we?" Dorabella trilled. Someone snorted in the audience. Gentlemen? She tottered over to the second bowl full of little white slips, paused for dramatic effect, then her talon-tipped hand shot straight out, plucking one piece of paper from the lot. "Wulf Rutherford," Dorabella called. And he closed his eyes. Russ' fiancée Astrid may have escaped the reaping – but his comedic acrobat brother had just been sentenced to the arena. Twelve-year-old Wulf scowled as he trudged up the aisle, huffed as he mounted the stage, and ignoring Dorabella's request for them to shake hands, he had given her a withering eye-roll, frowned up at Eirwen as if he wasn't quite sure what he was seeing, before throwing his arms around her waist, hugging her tight, face hidden in her stomach. For a moment, Eirwen blinked, startled, before her features softened, and she appeared to melt, tenderly hugging Wulf to her, a slender-fingered hand splaying on his back, a thumb stroking the back of his neck as she murmured something inaudible before kissing his vibrant red hair. "Let's have a round of applause for our two tributes – Eirwen Hardy and Wulf Rutherford!" Dorabella trilled, clapping her glittery-gloved hands. To their credit, not a single person applauded. But the shock had broken: the two names had been called; and Russ stood with Astrid wrapped in his arms, both of them in silent tears. Dagonet could see Russ' face turned to the stage, eyes on his younger-brother. The audience were starting to filter off, parents claiming their children, safe for another year. The Peacekeepers were helping to dismantle everything; and Mattias and his wife – clutching her newborn – were making their way toward the Justice Building. Trailed by their children, the babies held by the children already out of the reaping pool. All of them pale-faced. Families and friends were given an hour to say goodbye before the train took the two tributes to the Capitol. Dorabella would be fixing her hair, spritzing more cloying perfume and reapplying her unsightly lipstick. Dagonet, sitting in his room with his head in his hands, trying to pull himself together long enough to sit in front of two children and tell them that hope wasn't lost. As Eirwen's white dress flickered out of sight, being led into the Justice Building by Dorabella, Dagonet wondered, where was Griet? A.N. : Hi everyone! So I should probably explain – I'm writing the 72nd Hunger Games: it will be OCxOC to begin with, and it has to be, because without that, Eirwen wouldn't be the kind of girl I want for Gale. She has to be strong as steel, decisive , intuitive and level-headed, unfailingly kind and smarter and more skilled than she ever lets on, because that's where the true advantage is, in being "unexpected" – which is another way of saying 'underestimated'. And she has to look at Gale and say, He's the one I want. No indecisiveness, no ifs and buts and maybe I could be betters: she wants him, and she dares to let him know it. I've been realising how self-absorbed and flighty Katniss can be. In Mockingjay , it's all about her – and she's constantly going between Gale and Peeta, whenever the situation shifts in the other's favour. I think she was awful about Peeta's circumstances in Mockingjay . So I'm changing that. Everyone who's ever read any of my other stories, you know how much I like to 'fix' things!