I guessed she was going for the colours of our district this year - it didn't make her appear any less hideous. "Hello, hello, hello!" Elizabeta Button beamed, her voice as fake as her long, pastel lilac wig. "And welcome to the 74th annual Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favour!" I tuned out when we were shown a short film, 'a gift straight from the capitol' as Elizabeta liked to put it. I felt truly uncomfortable watching the film - it was the same film every year, and the message was clear - 'this is what you get for questioning us'. I couldn't help but wonder if the Capitol Citizens actually thought it was noble of President Snow to send 24 children to the slaughter every year for a rebellion that barely took off about 3 quarters of a century ago. When the film finally ended, I let out an audible sigh of relief with the rest of our district. However, I knew the worst part of the games had yet to come. "I think we should get to naming the tributes, don't you folks?" A shrill giggle followed the moronic question. This woman was really beginning to get on my nerves, and I could tell from the slight falter in Elizabeta's expression that she could feel the ammunosity for her oozing from the audience. Still, she continued like nothing was wrong. She shuffled to the big, gleaming glass bowl, before flashing a smile at the audience. "This always is one of my favourite bits." I hate her with every fibre of my being. Elizabeta sure made a meal of choosing a name, dipping her fingers into the glass ball daintily, before swirling them around. It was a full minute before she even thought about choosing a name. I wondered if she knew the full extent of her power - she held everyone's lives in that delicate glass ball. And then, between finely manicured fingertips, she pulled out a name. Two words on a piece of paper. Nothng special by itself, but right now, those two words meant everything. She called them out in a booming voice, as if announcing a winner of a beauty pageant. "And the lovely lady tribute is .." The crowd was silent. No one moved a muscle, breathing hitched. It seemed the surrounding ocean itself went silent for the announcement. My toe was tapping even more impatiently, wanting this to just be over and done with, so we wouldn't have to worry about it for another year. I truly hated this part. Watching as someones life was taken away in a moment , seeing the colour drain from their face as they realised their fate - it just made me feel sick. And never had I felt so sick at hearing a tributes name being spoken in the vile, sickly sweet capitol accent that belonged to Elizabeta Button. It honestly felt like some horrible joke. "Evangeline Tidswell!" I knew her. She was the girl who's brother had died in a hunger games not too long ago, with a grandmother that brought her and her younger sibling up in the place of her part time parents. The girl was me. "Evangeline? Come on up, dear." My face was up on that big screen in an instant, and although I was shocked, it didn't register on my face. In fact, no emotion expressed itself at all on the outside at all. Inside, however, I wanted to scream, I wanted to cry - I wanted to drag Elizabeta Button around that damn stage by her fake lilac hair. All the girls in the group we'd been herded into - much like cattle, may I add - had turned their heads towards me, with looks of sympathy of their faces that didn't quite meet their eyes. Better me than them, they must have thought. My nails bit into the palm of my hand, making them feel raw. I tried to remain stoic as I made my way through the crowd, my head held high. Climbing up the stairs carefully as to avoid tripping, I stared down our escort, and watched as she shifted almost uncomfortably in her ridiculous aqua coloured stilettos , making her matching assemble making a slight noise as the sea green ruffles rubbed against each other. She regained her composure quickly, before chirping "Do we have any volunteers?" No one volunteered for me, of course. I had friends, but friendship only got you so far when it came to the Hunger games. "Well then, welcome to the games, Evangeline!" Then she made her way to the male tributes ball, picking out another name, faster this time, it seemed. I swear I heard her say "Levis Macauley!", but she couldn't have. It'd have been to cruel to take away the two only apprentices away from the elderly Mr. Owens, a local fisherman. It would have been too cruel to take such a good friend with me. I didn't pay attention to any more of this horrible ceremony, making an effort to look directly into the camera before searching out my family in the crowd. I didn't even tear my gaze off of my brothers grief-stricken face as Elizabeta Button ushered me and the district partner I hadn't even bothered to look at into the Justice Hall. I sighed shakily as the wooden doors closed behind me with a deafening boom, only one thought in my mind. I'm going to die. Disclaimer: I do not own anything used in this story, such as the characters. Okay, here is the first chapter, a prologue if you will (sorry for re-writing it like 117534434 times). How is it? Bad? Good? Okay? Please review. Reviews motivate me, even if they are bad. So please tell me what you think, and if there are any mistake, please inform me. Tell me what you think. That means please review. I love reviews, even if they are flames. MeandPizzatheOTP