mapping the small expanse of my back. I woke up about an hour later feeling unrested yet completely alert. My legs were buzzing with the need to move, and I felt constricted wrapped up in Peeta's strong arms. I gently lifted them away from my body and then covered my chest from the cool draft coming from the slider doors. I rustled around in my dresser and found a t-shirt shaped nightgown to slip on along with a pair of much more modest underwear than I had been wearing just hours before. I sat on the edge of the bed and saw that Peeta had left his wallet sitting there, right out in the open. I glanced at him to make sure he was still asleep, and when I saw that he was, took the wallet and opened it. It was nice material, he had a good amount of cash in there, too, along with a couple pictures. The first one was a shot of a birthday party for a little kid who was obviously his niece; she was sitting on what had to be Peeta's brother's lap and Peeta was smiling off to the side. The next slot was empty, and then the third one was of him and a tall, blonde woman. An engagement photo of the two of them on the beach, silhouetted by the fading sunlight, gazing lovingly into each other's eyes. I let the wallet fall back down to my nightstand with a soft clapping sound. I frowned at it, feeling confused and fuzzy over what it could mean. I was still a little drunk, and my synapses weren't connecting right. Just as I was about to lay back down, his phone buzzed. Once, twice, three times, and the consecutive texts just continued. To shut it up, I right swiped the screen and it came instantly to life, not protected by any sort of passcode. It was a contact under the name of "Finnick" asking where he was, and whose house he ended up at. I silenced the ringer and convinced myself that it was a slip of the finger that sent me to his camera roll. There were hundreds of pictures of the same tall, blonde woman dispersed throughout his photos; both by herself and with him. Her posing with a zucchini at the farmer's market, standing on the El platform as the train went by, hair flying, a selfie of the two of them in front of the Bean. I scrolled all the way back to the beginning of his photos, and she was still there. Remnants of her had died away by more recent ones, but only by a little bit. At this point, I'd started to get angry. She was obviously an important figure in his life to make such a prevalent impact on both his camera roll and his wallet. I found the Facebook app on his phone, tucked away with other social media in a folder of the same name, and clicked on his profile. Under his name, it said "Lives in Chicago, Illinois" and "Married to Glimmer Mellark". By then, I was seething. I exited out of Facebook and slammed his phone back on the bedside table, then turned back around in bed and kicked him hard in the side. "Huh?" he sat up halfway and rubbed his eyes, looking confusedly in my direction. "What're you doing?" "You need to go," I growled, and threw both his wallet and phone at him. They bounced off of his chest and landed heavy on the mattress in front of him. He ran his hand through his thick hair. "Why?" I crossed my arms. "Won't your wife want breakfast in the morning?" I asked, sitting back on my knees across from him. He sighed, shaking his head. "No, it's not like that-" "I don't care what it's like . Get the fuck out of my apartment or I'm calling the cops." He swung his legs over the bed so his feet hit the floor with a soft tapping sound. "Jesus Christ," he said, bending over to grab his boxers and pants. "Okay." He stumbled in the direction of the door, still off-balance from being drunk, shoving his pants on at the same time. "Fuck you," I said under my breath after I heard the front door shut. "Fuck, fuck, fuck you." I stood beside my bed for the longest time, just staring at the empty spot where Peeta had just been, arms crossed and fuming. The digital alarm clock read 5:04am. I was just about to lay back down when I heard a small voice come from the hallway. "Katniss?" I lifted my chin and saw Prim standing in my doorway, her hair a mess, dressed in pajama shorts and a ratty camisole. She was squinting even in the low light, rubbing her eyes and looking confused. "Go back to bed, Prim," I said, stepping to her and turning her shoulders towards her room. "Everything's fine." "Who left?" she asked, planting her feet so I couldn't guide her anywhere. "I'll tell you in the morning," I said. "You're still drunk and it's 5am." Prim groaned. "I'm coming to sleep with you. My room's cold." I didn't fight her, I just sighed in defeat as she led the way into my room. Before she got in bed, she dug around in my closet and found a knitted afghan, which she then spread out over the mattress so she could lay on top of it. She tottered up and down the side of the bed, smoothing out the bumps, and then crawled under the covers on the side that Peeta had just been in. The sheets were crinkled and the comforter was bunched on the floor, so I picked it up and snapped it over the mattress then got in beside my sister. When I laid my head down on the pillow, her eyes were closed and she was breathing rhythmically, already asleep.