from my place on the floor of my bedroom, I know he will find me. He will come in, using his key, pat Buttercup on the head before he starts looking for me. Maybe the cat will lead him to me, they have this connection I never could have with my dead sister's evil beast, or maybe he won't need any help. It's not important. I never hear the door opening, or his steps - and god knows he's a heavy walker - I'm too focused on the drawing in my hands to care. He's there, suddenly, his presence welcomed, the comfort he brings with him, the peace and serenity he shares willingly every time I need soothing. I really don't know if I can live without him. What if this Gale guy was right? What if it was supposed to be us in this life? Isour love predetermined by a connection we had centuries ago? What of free will? "I don't know, Katniss, really." Once again, I spoke instead of thinking. It's so me I shouldn't even be surprised…. But this time, it was about something else than Haymitch's horrendous ties. "I know we have something, and it has nothing to do with the Church of the Seven Stars." He sits next to me, taking the drawing into his big hands, studying it carefully. "Clearly the same tree, and it's us, Kat. We didn't know each other then… what was it, fifth, sixth grade?" "Something like that… I was ina D12 school, Huntington by then… Please tell me you were there at the time." "Sorry, Kat, we never left Napa Valley, even for the holidays. We couldn't have met. But it's me, there, and you, and … him." "Yeah, and him." I take a deep breath, trying to erase the tears from my face as I turn to him. "Do you think it's our turn?" He looks at me with these eyes, into which I could lose myself forever, clearly pondering his answer. "You know I don't believe in this, right?" He asks. I nod. I know he doesn't. He's the rational one of our dynamic duo. "But I know there's something between us, way more than friendship. This connectionwe have, it's not what normal friends share. It's deeper, stronger, more intimate than what most people have." He turns away, his right hand coming to his mop of curls, betraying his nervousness. "I know what I feel about you, Kat, and it has nothing to do with the words of a dying man." I gulp, almost too afraid to ask. Because I know this is a life changing moment. "How do you feel about me?" I ask, trying not to let my voice shake too much. "You don't know?" Why can't he look at me? I want to scream at him to just turn his head a little, so he can see me, see I'm nothing without him. Because that's what I am, and I want him to know it, finally. "Maybe I need you to tell me?" But he doesn't say a word, finally turning to look at me, really look, as if he could see my soul. I wait, because I know what he's looking for. He's searching for that little crack that will make him back up on his words, that will grant me an exit. But he won't find it. I wait, because I know the best is to come. I can feel it in my body. In the air around us, in the buzzing that seems to linger in the room. I wait, because I can be patient for the things that matter. I can wait for hours to find the right piece of a puzzle. I wait, because I finally found that missing part of me. I wait until he's ready. I see it, in his eyes, this little spark of hope, telling me it's my time to speak. I've never been good with words. I'm more for actions. So I show him. I lean into his warmth slowly, giving him long enough a time to move. But I know he won't. I know now he's been waiting for me to be ready, as he always does, every day. I lean closer to his face, my lips a whisper away from his forehead, his eyes, lingering on his cheeks, almost touching him, depriving me of the contact I've craved for so long without knowing it. I don't go to his lips, not yet. He needs words, right now my Peeta. "It's you, Peeta. And not because it's your turn." I hear him swallow my whispers, and see him closing his eyes. "It's you because you're it for me, because there's no life if you're not in." I cave in and start kissing a line on his jaw - I might have fantasized about doing this for a long time now, if i'm being completely honest- until I reach my destination. Finally my lips are on his, finally I taste him. His hands find my back, my hair, as we kiss each other, I can't help but finally, run my fingers into his curls, savoring the feel of him all around me, at long last. – I wake up with Peeta's hand around my naked waist, only this time, I don't move. I'm where I belong, finally. Tomorrow will be soon enough to think about work, about the real life waiting for us. Tonight, we belong to one another. Thank you to three persons : madambeth, with whom I shared so much talks about Xfiles and Everlark, and convinced me (I still don't know how) to write this. akai-echo on tumblr who made the gorgeous work of art for this story. Titaniasfics / Ct522 for her help - she betaed the story, added useful comments, and challenged me - a lot. I'd love to hear what you think about this story - and well, all the ones I wrote :) I'm thegirlfromoverthepond on tumblr.