Vaughn came home really upset. He told me he wouldn't let anything happen to me, that he would take care of me and not to worry. He was distraught , Cato." She licks her lips nervously. "I think Coriolanus wants to punish Everdeen for fanning the flames, for becoming a symbol of hope to the people. And I think we're going to be punished right alongside her." Cato frowns, contemplating her words. He's not sure what she thinks their punishment may be (he refuses to consider the words Quarter and Quell ) but at least he can say he's confident in one thing - if Vaughn says he'll keep Clove safe, then he'll keep Clove safe and that's good enough for him. On the other hand, Vaughn would gladly throw Cato to a pack of rabid Mutts. Whatever it is they're planning, Cato knows he'll somehow wind up right in the thick of it. I always do , he thinks with a huff. "Hey," Cato says after a few moments of tense silence. He reaches out to wrap his arm around Clove's shoulders and smiles when she leans into his embrace. "There's no use worrying about it now. Whatever happens, we can handle it. Okay?" After a beat, he can feel Clove nod into his shoulder. "So," she asks, "who was it this time?" "Whitt," Cato tells her after a slight hesitation. "Whitt Frost?" Clove looks up at him sharply, confused. "But he's a Rebel." "He was playing both sides-" "No shit," Clove interrupts sarcastically and pulls away from Cato. "He's a double agent!" " Was a double agent," Cato corrects before he can stop himself. "Wow," Clove deadpans. "And they call me an insensitive bitch." Cato narrows his eyebrows dramatically. "Are you saying I'm a bitch?" Clove only rolls her eyes. "Okay, yes , he was a double agent," Cato finally concedes. Whitt Frost may have been an arrogant little prick when he wanted to be, but he grew up across the street from Clove and had been involved with her brother Mace since The Academy, so he feels he owes her some sort of explanation (however vague it is) as to why the man wasn't simply relocated. "He did a lot of good work for us, but he was also extremely careless and made a lot of mistakes; mistakes that wound up getting people killed." "I still don't understand why he had to be terminated," Clove sighs. "He was greedy – had his hands in too many pockets. Look, you know I'm not the judge or the jury. I'm just the executioner." Cato shrugs. "I got the page from Coors and was preparing for relocation when my father's note came in twenty minutes later. I don't know exactly what he did but it had to have been bad if both sides wanted him dead." Clove is silent for a moment or two as she tries to process the information she's just been given. War changes people, she knows that, and this won't be the first time she has to separate her personal feelings about someone from her professional ones. Whitt did change when he was promoted to Peacekeeper: First Lieutenant and she's not as surprised as she thinks she should be at his demise. Although, Mace will be utterly heartbroken. "Looks like he didn't go down without a fight," Clove says, nodding at his leg. "That stupid shithead was tipped," Cato answers, holding up his hand to remind her of his broken fingers. "He knew I was coming so he rigged his house. Asshole stabbed me and slammed my fingers in a door and he bit me. What kind of fucker bites someone?" "Mace never seemed to mind." Clove's joke falls flat. She groans and falls forward to bury her face in her hands, "What am I going to tell him?" "You don't have to tell him anything," Cato suggests, rubbing her back. "People go missing every day, Clove." "Whitt would never just disappear without telling Mace. And you forget, Mace has been the lead on more than one of your cases," Clove reminds him. "Besides, I would want to know if it were me." "I think all of Panem would know if Vaughn went missing." Clove, still hunched over, turns her face upwards to glare at him. "If it were you , stupid." Cato grins, despite the rather morbid topic of conversation. "Do you want me to tell him?" Clove contemplates his offer for a moment, but ultimately sits up and shakes her head. "No. No, I'll do it." "Are you going to tell him it was me?" "I think he'll know it was you," Clove says, rolling her eyes. "I'll try to soften the blow. But don't be surprised if he shows up on your doorstep." "Mace knows the drill." Cato shrugs. "I doubt he'll confront me." "Wouldn't you?" Clove snorts in response. "If it were me, wouldn't you go after the person who did it whether it was their call or not?" Cato frowns because, yes, even if she were a tactical nightmare like Whitt had been for both sides, he would move Heaven and Hell to avenge Clove if anything happened to her. "Thought so." Clove sighs and pushes off the log, onto her feet. "I think it's about time we head back. Big day tomorrow." Cato nods, but their conversation has him distracted. He silently follows her back down the winding path to his house and only opens his mouth to thank her when she helps him over a couple of gnarly roots. "You'll be ok tonight?" Clove asks once they arrive back at Cato's house. She ducks down to pull at his pant leg. "I should look at-" "It's fine," Cato says, swatting at her hand. "Astoria will fix me in the morning." "You don't need fixing." Clove grins and has to tip-toe in order to wrap her arms around Cato's broad shoulders. "Just a little spit-shine here and there." Please Review