he makes sure that his family is safe and as far away from the fire as he can leave them, he turns back and starts running towards Town. He hears his siblings calling after him – Posy's tear-filled sobs almost make him stop, but he can't; he refuses to lose her, not like this. His mother says nothing as she grabs his arm, pulling him in for a quick, strong-armed hug. "Be careful, Gale," she says, finally releasing him. He smiles gratefully at her, because she knows – she knows that, as far as he's concerned, Madge is pretty much already a part of the family; hell, his mother probably even considers her part of the family. And while nothing will ever be more important than his mother and his siblings, Madge Undersee comes pretty damn close. So he runs, runs as fast as his legs can carry him, towards the largest house in the Town. The fire roars all around him, licking at the once-clean houses of the Town, and relentlessly destroying everything in its path. He desperately tries to ignore the screams that fill the air as people all around him scramble to get as far away as possible from the destruction, as people lose their possessions and loved ones, as the fire threatens to take everything that he has come to love about their district. And he has to press the palm of his hands against his ears to block out the heart-wrenching screams of people losing their families. He forces himself to think of Madge – beautiful, quiet Madge, with her bright blue eyes and curly blonde hair, Madge, who is still in the fire somewhere, waiting for somebody to come and save her – just to remind himself that he came back for one reason, and one reason only. He needs to save her, and he can't let anything distract him from doing it. Her house is already ablaze by the time he reaches it, and his stomach sinks as he realizes that it would be damn near impossible to get into the house. But he clenches his fist and takes a step towards it anyways, determined to do his damned best to find her. He's about to take another step when a flaming branch falls in front of him, nearly crushing him. He jumps back in surprise and bites out a curse. "Gale!" He looks up at the sound of the familiar voice calling his name. "Madge!" She's standing in her doorway, her mother's arm draped around her shoulder as she tries to help her out of the house, her nightgown torn and covered in ash, and tears tracking down her face. He doesn't think he's ever been so glad to see anybody in his life. " Madge!" He screams as he desperately tries to get closer to the house. "Madge!" "Don't come closer!" she screams to him. "Don't! It's too dangerous. Just – stay where you are, okay?" She turns to her mother and murmurs something quietly to her, trying to coax her into leaving the house, but her mother continues to shake her head and shiver. "Madge, come on! The house is going to collapse," he calls to her, panic starting to settle. He swears he can practically see the fire growing in size with every passing second that Madge remains on her doorstep. "Go – get out of here, Gale! I'm not leaving my mother here! Just get back to your family first; I promise I'll be right behind you," she yells anxiously, tears streaming down her face. She yanks on her mother's arm again, but she refuses to budge. He takes a step towards the house, but is immediately thrown backwards as the house explodes, and the only thing he can make sense of through the pounding in his head and the ringing in his ears is the short sound of Madge's scream before it is completely cut off. It takes him a long moment for him to pull himself together, and another long moment before he finally realizes what's happened and what the explosion means. "MADGE!" he screams, pulling himself off the ground. He rushes unsteadily towards the burning house, but even as he desperately tries to push his way through the ruins that the fire left behind, he knows – in the back of his mind, he knows – that it's too late. Even so, it doesn't stop him from trying. "Madge!" he calls out in a strangled voice into the empty air, sinking to his knees in defeat when reality finally starts to sink in – she's gone . She's gone and no amount of screaming or struggling will change that fact. "MADGE!" -x- He eventually makes it back to the woods, to the rest of his family, his tears blurring his vision, her screams ringing in his ears, and the bright orange of the flames that took her, forever emblazoned in his mind. They don't get tomorrow, because Madge is taken in a blaze of red and orange and yellow. His answer is one. He has to watch Madge Undersee cry only once more during their time together. But the ache in his chest never goes away. The last thing he ever said to her was a lie; nothing will ever be fine again. He wishes he'd told her how much he loves her. . x . E.N.D. A/N: I recently watched Big Hero 6, and I've just about had it with all my favourite characters dying in explosions. Anyways, this fic was only supposed to only be five colours long; I don't know how the heck it ended up being this long. It's been such a long time since I last posted anything (there's a reason why I don't ever intend on writing a multi-chapter story; all my readers would probably be super annoyed with me). Hope you guys enjoy this story as much as I enjoyed writing it. Constructive criticism is always welcome! :)