that she understood him like those other girls never would (or they never wanted to know him beyond the bedroom,) and– Well, the fact that she was starting to sound like a Taylor Swift album was part of the reason why the other part of her felt disappointed. Because 10th grade Madge's fantasies didn't just consist of Gale Hawthorne confessing his regrets to her; it was him confessing romantic feelings for her, too. But that was never going to happen , Madge told herself sternly, even as she smiled at him and forgave him. "You've been a complete shit bag these past three years," she told him bluntly, "and that's hurt me a lot. I definitely want to be friends again, but– it might take some time before we're back to where we once were. Okay?" Gale smiled. "Yeah, okay. I promise I'm going to win back your trust and be a better friend to you." He was so earnest that Madge couldn't help but smile. "I look forward to it," she said, and she really did. It was cold as hell; winter was back, and Madge suddenly longed for that hot summer air, but just as quickly dismissed it. It just wouldn't be Christmas without the cold. In the wings of the theatre, she looked across the stage as Glimmer and Marvel finished their scene as Wendy and Peter Pan. Gale stood across from her, grinning, and Madge grinned back. They had been friends for about three months now, and their friendship was as strong as ever. Gale made good on his word to be a better friend to her, and Madge was, to her disgust, more in love with him than ever. It was incredibly inconvenience. Nevertheless, that was one thing she could hide well, and she figured she'd get over it in time. Whatever. It's not like seeing him grin at her like that made her heart beat faster, or anything. It was just nerves; totally. They did their set flawlessly; if Madge was inclined to arrogance, which she totally wasn't (that was all Gale,) they were the best couple of the night, but judging by the (very objective) applause, it seemed like everyone else agreed. Their families met them in the lobby with a plethora of flowers and pictures, and Madge expected to go home with her family as usual, but as they were backstage gathering their things and taking off make-up and changing, Gale found her and said, "Hey. Wanna go grab ice cream or something?" Madge blinked. It was late and cold, but hell, could she ever say no to him? "It's freezing," she said. "Hot chocolate instead?" "Are there any cafes even open?" "Uh, that's what McDonald's is for, Gale." "Of course," he grinned at her. "See you outside in a few?" "Sure," Madge said, distracted, already texting her parents to tell them not to wait up. She didn't think anything of their outing; they'd done it dozens of times before after practice, but she caught on that something was different when Gale pulled into her driveway, and his fingers were tapping on the steering wheel. He only did that when he was nervous about something. "Hey," she laid her hand on his on the steering wheel and could feel his fingers clench underneath hers. "What's up?" It was too early to hear back from colleges; they had only just started to submit their applications, even. As far she knew his grades were good, things were good with all their friends, and since he hadn't been dating anyone (as far as she knew,) things were okay there… "I, uh," Gale said, "I have to tell you something and I don't know how." Madge frowned. "Okay," she said. "You know you can tell me anything, right?" This made Gale relax a little. "Right," he said. "Because we're friends again." She tilted her head and stared at him; bemused. "That's right," she said slowly, not sure where he was going with this. "Good friends." "Uh-huh." "One might say, better friends than we once were." "Um, yeah, actually, I guess I would say that." "Okay. But what if I told you I wanted to be better friends than that?" Madge blinked. "I don't understand." "Okay, that was a really bad way of putting it," Gale's hands clenched the wheel and he wouldn't look at her. "What if I told you I wanted to be… more than friends?" Madge licked her lips. "More than friends." "Yeah." "Like… dating?" "Sure." "Like… boyfriend and girlfriend?" "Um, ideally, yes." "Committed. Exclusive. You and me." "That uh, that is what I had in mind." "You, Gale Hawthorne, are madly in love with me, Madge Undersee." That got him to look at her, finally, and he looked at her, unsure if he should be offended or not. "Are you laughing at me?" He asked. Madge shook her head. "Just answer the question." "That wasn't a question." "Then confirm the statement." Gale looked away, sighed, and ran his hands through his hair. "Fine! I, Gale Hawthorne, am madly in love with you, Madge Undersee. Are you happy now?" "Yes," Madge said, instantly, so surely, that Gale whipped his head around and was greeted with her beaming smile, so bright in the winter darkness. "I am very happy." Gale grinned. "So does that mean…?" "That I feel the same way? Yes." "Really?" "Yeah. For a while now. You?" "Marginally longer than Romeo loved Juliet." "Gale!" "Okay, fine. Months. At least a year." Madge gaped at him. "You never said anything!" "How could I? You hated me. I fucked things up, and I didn't know how to make it right." He looked so miserable thinking about it, and Madge put her hand on his cheek. "But you did," she said, "and here we are. I love you, too." Gale cupped her face and leaned in. "Say it again." "I love you." "Good. I love you, too." "Shut up and kiss me, Hawthorne." And he did.