"What was the deal?" annie asks even tough she is afraid of what Finnick's answer might be. "I just took it from you." "Please tell me you don't took my clients as well." "I can't say that." She only hugs him tight hoping she could help him someday, on the way he helps her, making her feel safe and sane. The capitol was just like Annie remembered, bright and colorful and not in a good way. As soon as she pulled off the train she was rushed into a room to get ready, They made her wear a long dark green dress that had some see-trought at the bottom but nothing to provocative, which Annie was glad for, her hair was in a intricated bun withy twists and braids, and Annie decided when she looked on the mirror that she looked pretty. "You look gorgeous." Finnick said from the door, he was handsome as always, in his black tuxedo, white shirt and a tie that matched her dress. "Thank you, you're not too bad yourself." "Should i take it as a compliment?" Finnick said grinning and walking near her. "You should." Annie answered grinning as well. "Oh! you both look great!" Melly said entering the room." Now hurry up, we need to be thre in five minutes! I am so excited!" "We'll go soon." Finnick said rushing her out of the room. "She's really happy about it, huh?" Finnick says, "Mags will be with you, the whole night?" "Won't you?" Annie asks, a bit sad knowing why he won't be there. "I'll be at the party with you at the beggining but i will be back after the party, Okay?" "Okay." They leave and reach President Snows mansion which is colorful and bright, decorated with elements remember district four. It didn't took long after they arrived for people to begin talking and flirting with Finnick. It hurt Annie to see that, to see all those people with him and to know some of them would buy him. It hurt her even more because she loved him. She realised that a few weeks ago, when they were walking back from mags house and she tripped and he carried her all the way. President Snow, gives his speech as usual and soon enough Finnick has to leave. The party went on a blur to Annie as soon as she got in she got lost in a trance, mumbling things to herself. and screaming and crying, everyone ignored her like she was the ugliest mutt ever. Some people tried to talk to her and congratulate her but when they saw they wouldn't get an answer they left her alone in a corner with Mags. When it was finaly over Annie went to her hotel room and just sat there crying and crying. Crying about the games, her family, what they did to Finnick, she was crying so much, she didn't even noticed Finnick was at the door watching her, his hair was wet, probably from a shower, which he told Annie he always took after his meetings. "Hey, are you okay?" She asked in a small voice. "I'll be fine, what about you?" "I will be okay." "Good, you're way too beautiful to stay crying like this." Annie blushed a deep red at his comment and gave him a small and he chuckled. "See, i can light up your mood pretty well, huh?" "You can." "Do you want to dance?" he says holding his hand for her. "But there is no music." "I don't care, come on, i haven't danced at the party." Annie takes his hand and they dance in a slow pace, he resting his chin on the top of her head and she listening to his heartbeat. Finnick felt like nothing in the world mattered anymore, just him and Annie, like nothing else existed. A realisation hit him, he was in love with her and he only hoped she could love him too, because he knew he wouldn't be able to stay away from her. After a long time, that didn't felt long at all for them, they stoped dancing and just stood there looking at each other and before he even knew it he was kissing her, it wasn't like any other kiss he ever had, it was sweet and gentle and send a jolt of eletricity trough his body, Annie was surprised at first but responded to the kiss pulling him even closer to her, he wrapped his arms tightly on her waist and lifted her up. When they pulled out for air they were giggling like idiots. "Why you did that?" Annie says giving him the sweetest smile ever. "Well, you crept up on me." he replies kissing her again. "I love you Finnick." "I love you Annie." "You know, we need to thank Mags for this. If it weren't for her we wouldn't even know each other." "She knew you'd get in my heart." finnick agreed and gave her a quick peck on the cheek. "Of course, love birds, i know everything!"Mags said from the door, running to give them a hug. The next morning they went on their train to finally go home, and they were cuddling on a couch. Finnick was eating a bag of sugar cube and Annie was resting her head on his chest humming a song. "Love?" he ask smiling and wanting to ask her a question. "What?" She replies smiling at her new nickname. "So does it mean you're my girlfriend now?" Finnick asks hopefully. "Umm, that depends." she says putting a finger on her chin to enfatize her point. "On what?" Finnick replies, knowing he would give her the world, the sun, the moon and the stars if she asked him to. "On either you let me have a sugar cube or not." She replies gigling and taking the bag he hands out for her. "They're all yours." he says kissing her. "Then i am your girlfriend, Finnick Odair."