apart, their knees barely touching, but eventually, by the end, Gale's arm is on the back of the couch and Madge is nestled cozily into his side. It reminds Gale of what a normal date should be like and it scares the hell out of him. He's never had anything that's been real before. As the end credits roll, Madge and Gale are long asleep, the sound of the rain hitting the metal roof lulls them to sleep. Gale awakens to his phone alarm sometime later, his signal to himself that his obligatory stay is finally over. And yet tonight doesn't feel like a "finally" kind of night. He wishes it would never end. It's still dark when he leaves her, and it is one of the most difficult things Gale has ever had to do—and that's saying something, coming from him. Her once cold and spacious room is now something of a sanctuary to him, and she his temporary savior. Not wanting to leave her on the couch, he scoops her up into his arms, blanket and all, and pads over to the bed. He lays her down gently, and, on impulse, kisses her forehead. It's so tempting to climb in beside her, but she only booked him for the night, not 24 hours, and President Snow is very clear on those boundaries. He begins to pull away, but she clutches him tighter, and even if he's sure she's completely asleep, the gesture makes his heart hurt nonetheless. Because if there's one thing he's learned about Madge that evening, it's that she is just as lonely and lost as he is. And lord if he doesn't want to make her feel the opposite of loneliness. But he has another life to get back to, so he gently pries her hand away from him and tucks her into bed. He gathers his things and leaves, where he knows a black, sleek car with black windows will take him back to his lonely penthouse suite. After her, going back to his regular clients is even more torturous. It's hard to endure when he knows, when he has experienced such goodness again. He can't get his hopes up; every time he did that it was as though things got worse for him. It's always better to expect the worst. In the next couple of weeks, Gale becomes more and more convinced that that night was just a fluke, a lovely dream, but not something real, not something that someone like him deserved. The fact that he can't find any information on anyone named Madge only makes him more depressed. At this point, he doesn't think he'll ever see her again; after all, she made no plans or promises. She is just another beautiful, perfect memory to add to his dwindling collection. Regardless, he would treasure their night and if he saw her again… Even Finnick remarks upon Gale's even more "cranky and surly demeanor" but Gale just tells him to fuck off. "What did that client do to you, Hawthorne?" Finnick asks one morning, leisurely munching on an apple, even as he applies salve to his latest burns. Finnick's clients tend to enjoy hurting him more than pleasuring him. Gale just shakes his head. "I can't decide if what she did makes things better for me or worse," he answers honestly, and that worries Finnick even more. "We still having boys' night tonight?" Finnick asks quickly, hoping to get Gale's mind off of his mystery client. "We both have nights off tonight, right?" Gale nods. It's rare that he and Finnick are both in the same district and have the same night off. "That sounds good. Movie, beer, and pizza?" Finnick grins. "What else?" It's at that moment, however, that a knock comes at the door. A Capitol servant, one of President Snow's hand-picked messengers, is at the door. "Request from President Snow, sir," the man says, bowing politely. "Thanks," Gale says. "You can confirm to him that I've received the message." "Very good, sir," replies the messenger and is off. Gale opens up the envelope. It's a request that Gale "works" tonight. He will be picked up at 8 PM by a black vehicle. Don't be late. Finnick is incredibly disappointed that Gale has orders that night, but Gale merely raises an eyebrow at him, trying to conceal his own grin. "Youl'l be fine without me tonight. Go phone chat with mystery girl," he quips as Finnick's jaw drops. "What—what girl?" He sputters. "I'm not an idiot, Odair. There's," and here Gale lowers his voice, knowing the Capitol could be listening at any time, "a girl that you're besotted with and I know that's to whom you send those secret messages. Go enjoy her company. You'll be fine." Finnick blinks, stunned for a moment, but only a moment. His grin is back and he winks at Gale. "What a friend," he coos to Gale's back as he goes to change. With his back to Finnick, he can finally smile. Madge is waiting for him. When the black car pulls up at the curb at 8 PM, Gale opens the door eagerly. He slides in without looking, expecting cool leather exterior and a divided back set and front seat. What he doesn't expect is a passenger to join him: adorned in a long, flowing white evening gown and hair curled delicately, is Madge. "Hello," she says shyly, as though he might protest her presence. "Why, hello there," he says lowly, his deep voice rumbling through his chest with nervousness. His mouth is dry, but he looks at her and a genuine smile breaks out over his face, which she returns radiantly. "Pretty dress." "Thank you," she murmurs as he buckles himself in and the car speeds away. "Do you really like it?" "I love it," he tells her honestly. "So, what do you have planned on the agenda tonight?" There's a twinkle in her eyes as she answers him, "Whatever you like."