the way. We reach my room and I awkwardly open the door, allowing her in first. She looks around just as she did when she first walked into my apartment, her eyes landing on the painting of a sunset above my bed. "That's beautiful." She states, pointing at the painting. "How much did you have to spend for something as good as that?" "Oh, uh-I didn't buy it. I painted it, actually." I mumble, running my hands through my hair and rubbing the back of my neck. "You do that a lot, when you're nervous. Run your hands through your hair and stuff." Katniss observes, "But wow, Peeta. I didn't think when you said you liked art that you were this good at it." I shrug, opening my mouth to reply but my words are muffled by Katniss' lips crushing against my own. Her hands run up and down my body by the time I respond and I know that kissing her while we're both drunk is a bad idea but I can't stop. She kisses me with the same hunger that she did on the dance floor. Katniss takes the lead, pushing me back so that when my legs hit my bed, I fall back so that I'm lying down. She crawls effortlessly on top of me, straddling my hips. Her lips meet my own again and she sounds so fucking sexy when she moans her name against my mouth. I let her take the lead. I shouldn't be doing this. She tugs on my shirt, trying to pull me up the bed. I comply quickly, backing up so that we are both fully lying on the bed. Her hips dig into my own and I can almost feel her wet centre brushing against my dick. With great caution, I run my hands sensually down her body, cupping her ass. Katniss breaks the kiss, biting down on her swollen lip. She sits up, hair cascading down her body in a way that makes her looks so incredibly hot. Her hands fumble with the buttons on my shirt, frantically trying to unbutton them. Frustrated, she rips my shirt open and I don't even care that it's my favourite shirt because her hands are all over my chest and her lips are on my neck, sucking greedily. I don't care that it will leave a mark. Katniss begins to trail hot kisses down my chest while her hands work at removing my belt buckle. I can't even think straight right now. I assist her by pulling my jeans down and I almost come right there when her hand squeezes my cock through my boxes. "Fuck," I whimper, squeezing my eyes shut. What am I doing? Fuck. I am so lost in my thoughts that I don't even realise when Katniss pulls down my boxes and that I'm completely exposed to her while she is still fully clothed. "K-Katniss what are you- oh fuck." Her tongue licks my full length and I'm seeing stars. She wraps one soft hand around the shaft and my eyes fly open only to find her looking up at me with a wicked grin on her face. Her eyes never leave my own, even when her mouth slowly engulfs the tip of my dick. I can't keep my eyes open and I can't contain the grunts and moans that escape my mouth through clenched teeth. My breathing comes out hard and jagged. She swirls her tongue around, hollowing out her cheeks and she takes me in further. Every coherent thought has left my body and all I can think of is how good her mouth feels. Eventually she finds a steady rhythm, bobbing her head slowly whilst pumping me with her hand. The soft moans that escape her mouth vibrate against my dick and I unintentionally thrust my hips up into her mouth. I know that I shouldn't be doing this but I am too weak to stop. Nothing makes sense but everything does at the same time. I couldn't focus on how wrong this was because her mouth felt so right. One hand grips the sheets while the other is tangled in her hair, and I try to pull her away because I know I can't hold on for much longer. "Fuck, K-Katniss, I'm gonna c-come." This only makes Katniss more determined, sucking and bobbing her head at a frantic pace. Her hand drops from my shaft to squeeze my balls. I open my eyes, about to warn her but seeing her look up at me under her eyelashes sends me over the edge. My hips jerk erratically, as shockwaves of pure ecstasy roll through me. She drinks me in greedily as I come, not stopping until I am done. Katniss pulls away, wiping her mouth with her sleeve. I can't breathe, I can't think. I'm lying here completely naked, seeing stars with open eyes. Katniss curls up into my side. I pull up my boxers, about to lean into kiss her but she shakes her head. I pull back immediately, scared that I've done something wrong. I'm still coming down from my orgasm but I intend on returning the favour. "You don't need to do anything in return. I actually really enjoyed that. You taste good which is odd or maybe it's just because I'm drunk. Anyway, I want to sleep. Goodnight, Peeta." And just like that, Katniss closes her eyes and within moments, her breathing slows down and she's asleep in an instant. I can't think properly and I'm worried that she'll regret this in the morning. However, I'm too drunk to consider things rationally and I fall asleep just as quickly as the girl beside me. I wake to an empty bed, a raging headache and a note that reads ' You're leaving in a week so I decided not to give you my number because I figured you wouldn't want distractions. Maybe we'll meet again one day. I enjoyed last night. –Katniss.