he was due to start work. Usually the urges, once they started, didn't stop until dawn, but this night Madge felt herself start to calm. Perhaps Coin's injections were wearing off, which was good. It was nearly two years since Coin's death, and three since the injections started. At least the hallucinations and the urges would subside, even if the nightmares and the guilt never did. She shivered, her sweat beginning to cool in the air. Madge looked at her clock on the wall. A little after 3 AM. "The witching hour," she murmured, thinking of the stories her mother used to tell. Still shivering, Madge went, on shaky colt legs, to the bathroom, where she ran a warm shower. After showering and changing into new clothes, she felt much better. Braiding her damp hair, Madge bit her lip. Gale was still outside her door—she was surprised no one in the building complaining about his yells, but she figured when one was the cousin of the Mockingjay and one of the heroes of the Rebellion, he had a little leeway. Should she go to him? She couldn't even imagine how he felt the next day, especially with his back—the nerves still a bit tender after all these years—against that door for hours on end. Paylor didn't want them sleeping in the same vicinity, she knew, until Madge was cleared by her psychologist. When asleep, people were at their most vulnerable—and unpredictable, whether they were psychologically disturbed or normal. Who knows what she would do when asleep. But Gale deserved a good night's rest, Madge decided. At the very least, she would send him back to his own apartment. Wrapping a blanket tightly around herself, Madge went to the door, opening it very slightly. At the movement, Gale tried to sit up quickly, but winced, twisting his neck awkwardly to face her. "Hey," he murmured, voice deep with sleep. "Are you..?" "Fine now," Madge said, helping him stand. " For now, anyway." "Good," Gale swallowed, his eyes flickering all over her face and body, checking her, Madge realized. "I've been worried about you." She gave him a tired smile and reached up, fixing a long lock of his tousled hair. He was growing it long, she noticed. "I've been worried about you, too," she said. "You know, when Paylor gave you this assignment, I don't think she meant for it to… to take over your life." Gale looked at her sharply. "You're not just an assignment," he told her. "This is more than that. You know that." Madge didn't answer and they were silent for a moment. "You can go now," Madge said finally. "I'm sure your bed is much more comfortable than my door." Gale's expression darkened a little bit. "I'm staying right here," he told her, and before she could react, he shoved open the door wide enough so he could get past her and into her apartment. Madge scowled. She was clearly getting soft. At the peak of her spy days, Gale would've already been dead if he tried a move like that. "We're not supposed to sleep together until Paylor and my psychologist ok's it!" Madge sputtered, growing alarmed at Gale's presence in her apartment. They usually holed up in his, although hers was very similar to his, in more ways than one. The layouts were similar, true, but they were also bare. Minimal. As though they were afraid to take root and settle in, make it a true home. Gale turned to Madge and gave her a little smirk, and suddenly they were in the square at District 12 and he was the boy she wanted desperately and never thought she could have. "Paylor doesn't have any say in my personal life," he said. Madge felt herself blushing, to her horror. "You're terrible," she muttered. "I don't know how your mother put up with you all these years." Gale laughed, unoffended. "What I provided outweighed my annoyances," he smirked. "Gale," Madge sighed. "Stop distracting me. Go home, okay? I'm fine now. I'll see you tomorrow." Gale smiled at her softly. "It already is tomorrow," he said. "Madge. I'm staying." Something in his words broke her a little. She understood what he was trying to say: he wasn't just staying the night, or the next few months. He was in. Whatever they were—friends, or the potential for something more—Gale was hers. To her surprise, Madge felt tears stinging her eyes. "I—" she gasped. He hugged her, enfolded her in his arms, and she felt her own smallness, her own vulnerability, but despite his own enormity, she felt his, too. He held her tightly, not just to keep her from falling apart, but because she was his anchor. She wound her arms around him and held on, too. "Let me be there for you," he murmured. "Not because I was 'ordered' to be, but because I want to be." "I want to be there for you, too," she told him, clutching his t-shirt, knowing he needed her, too. Behind him, through her thick blinds, Madge could see golden light filtering through. Dawn. This moment, in his arms, in the first real form of human contact she's had since her parents died, reminds her of a song that she would play on the piano. It was an aubade, a morning love song. "We can face our demons together," he said, his voice low and strained with emotion. "Pay for our crimes." She reached up on her tip-toes and buried her nose in his neck and breathed him in. He smelt like home. "No," she murmured, smiling against his skin, "we can redeem ourselves together." She pulled away, smiling up at him, and it was like watching dawn break out across his face, his face lighting up, his answering smile as soft as the sun's rays. Madge took Gale's hand and led him to the window, where he put his arms around her and they watched the sun rise together.