climb across to his room, but she only drops the curtain closed and whirls back toward the bed. I duck away, even though I'm well-hidden by the door, and watch through the crack as she gathers up the ribbons in frantic, furious fistfuls and stuffs them back into the canister. She puts in the coffee pouch last of all, closes the lid with a snap, and shoves the canister under her bed. Only my mother could be so angry to discover that her former sweetheart still loves her. I've just reached my bedroom door when I hear her sob. Most of my earliest – and latest – memories are of Mom crying, and I want more than anything to make it stop. To climb up on the bed beside her and wrap her in my arms, but I can't fix this. I don't know if anyone can. For a moment I consider running down to the Mellarks' back door. Marko or Luka would answer my knock and get their father, and I could tell him what he's done – and make him fix it. Make him come up here and sit on my mother's bed, bare-chested, and hold her in his arms till she stopped crying. Lyssa, he would call her, as he stroked her hair and kissed the tears from her eyes. Maybe she would even kiss him back before it was over. But I'm a woman tonight; a child no longer, and I know it would help no one to force Mom and Mr. Mellark to confront this right now. It would only cause more hurt and anger and make our living situation unbearable. I wonder for the thousandth time how Peeta can bear it: sharing a house in the middle of nowhere with the girl he loves more than his own life, and not able to speak a word of it to her. If I thought it would help anyone, I'd write Katniss a letter right now and tell her exactly why he made the bargain and how he feels about her. Mom gives another sob; a wet, shaky, broken sound. I run to my room, take the notebook from my nightstand, and begin writing feverishly. Dear Katniss, Peeta loves you madly. That's why he made the bargain, and why he's taking care of us. He wants to marry you and kiss you breathless and fill you with half a dozen babies, but he can't tell you that for several reasons and it's got to be killing him. And I think you love him too, so maybe you should kiss him or something as soon as you read this, just to give him some kind of hope. Also, Mom and Mr. Mellark were lovers when they were young. She used to spend the night with him all the time, I think, but when he asked her to marry him, she broke up with him and went to the Seam to marry Dad instead. I don't know why, but apparently she was in the woods at some point, and that's when she really fell in love with Dad. Oh, and Mr. Mellark just gave Mom twenty-two red ribbons that he must have been saving ever since they broke up. He hid them in a tin of the coffee he always gives her, the coffee he makes with almonds because Mom loves them. They looked at each other out their bedroom windows, and now she's upset and crying and I don't know how to fix it. I got my menses tonight. Oh, and Marko gave me a sweetheart ribbon and kissed me on the cheek, and I gave him a red ribbon and a kiss in return. I know he's too old and too good for me, but I want him anyway. I think I'm in love with him. I want to marry him and – Red-faced, I crumple the impossible letter and stuff the resulting ball in the drawer of my nightstand. I can't tell Katniss any of this. Peeta promised to tell her his feelings someday, and as for the rest, she doesn't need to know. Hearing about Mr. Mellark would only give her more reasons to be mad at Mom, who misses her more than she could ever imagine, and I know she thinks of me as a child needing care and protection. I don't resent her for it; she's the best older sister anyone could ask for, and she's kept us alive and safe ever since Dad died. But she's not ready for me to be a young woman, and to be honest, I'm not sure I am either. I take a clean sheet of paper and start over, this time with the kind of letter she expects. Happy New Year, Katniss! The snow ice cream was delicious, and we had a wonderful time with the Mellarks at supper… Author's Note: The number of red ribbons that Mr. Mellark gives to Mrs. Everdeen is doubly significant. It represents, as Prim guessed, the number of years that they've been apart (or, more specifically, the number of New Year's celebrations that have passed since they broke up; one ribbon from each year), but it also has something to do with their last New Year's as a couple. I thought about writing a continuation in Alys's perspective to explain this, but I ran out of steam and opted to maintain the mystery for now. ;D The title of this oneshot is related to my potential future Janek/Alys fic, "Torch" (from the Alanis Morissette song of the same name), and I thought it accurately represented all the flickers of longing that are seen in this oneshot. Finally, if anyone still hasn't guessed, I ship Prim/Marko hard-core, and pretty much the only fic I'll ever write where there is no Prim/Marko whatsoever is an AU where one or the other doesn't exist (Prince Peeta and the Mockingjay-Maid, The Steward and The Bow-Maiden, etc.). Hope that's okay with you guys. :D