best kisser she had ever met, aka the hot guy on the treadmill, aka her fake boyfriend (emphasis on fake) was in the shower, taking care of his business, thinking of her. Her. Katniss. "Oh God..." So startled was she by the sound, so masculine, so full of desire, so erotic that it lit up something in her belly, sending a wave of warmth within her body, something she hadn't felt in a while now. The sounds, even muffled by the walls, were clear enough, making Katniss want to do more than listen, making her want to act out on the warmth that was spreading throughout her whole body. Her needs took over her brain, acting on pure instinct - it had been a long time, too long maybe, she missed the feelings that came with the act of making love. Even if she was on her own, and he wouldn't hear her. He wouldn't know she let her hand go down to play with the nipples of her breast, tracing lazy circles on them, as his tongue could do, slowly, teasing her. She kept fondling her breasts, alternating between the two of them, building a tension in her body that she refused to start acting on. Yet. She could imagine him joining her in the privacy of the shower, running his hands along her rib cage, discovering the spots where she was the most sensitive, taking his time to lavish her breasts with his mouth and tongue, always looking at her with the blue of his eyes. She could almost believe the hand teasing the apex of her thighs was his, as her hand had wandered south, on the edge of the trimmed hair she kept, despite the fashion, not daring to wander further. Until she heard him moaning, again, this time louder. "Katniss, fuck…" This was her undoing. Her hand ceased its teasing to go straight to the sensitive folds, opening them delicately, her breath hitching as her thumb passed on her clit. She used the wall for back up, her legs already shaking under her, whether from the excitation or exhaustion, she couldn't tell, couldn't care less. She almost could hear him jacking off, could picture Peeta's hand running up and down his member, his eyes closed in ecstasy as he released her name in a final whimper, urging her to touch herself more. The fingers on her other hand came into play, alternating between teasing her clit and pumping inside of her. She felt the once familiar burn spreading into her belly, her toes curling, her legs shaking, the vision of Peeta pumping inside of her so clear behind her closed eyelids. Her release came quickly, spreading inside her whole body, leaving her breathless, and sweating, again. She could barely stand on her still shaking legs, her skin still sensible to her touch, eliciting moans she hoped were quiet enough. She quickly showered, startled by the contrast between the heat of her body and the cold of her lotion, the water welcomed to erase the evidence of her arousal, of her pleasure. Katniss heard the door opening, and the chatter of women coming in, surely for the next sets of lessons, some Sh'bam thingies she'd seen on the program. She hurried to get out of the shower, and get dressed, wanting nothing more than to leave the lockers' room as quickly as possible. She nodded to the group of women in passing, before taking a peek outside. She didn't want to meet a certain blond man who had been the star of her fantasy a few minutes ago. Once she was sure the coast was clear, and nobody was in sight, she ventured out of the room, walking as quickly as possible, aiming for the fresh air of the parking outside, to calm her inner turmoil. "See you tomorrow, Katniss?" David's voice made her jump, even though he had said goodbye to her the same way every day since she had registered. "Bye," she managed to mutter as she reached the door, her current Holy Grail. Outside, she could breathe, forget what had happened, pretend it had never happened. And she had to make sure to change her schedule to not be at the gym at the same time he was. "Katniss?" She froze at the voice, his voice. Would she dare turn? She could feel the blush creeping on her cheeks at the thoughts of his voice in the shower. She took a deep breath before turning. He was standing next to the door, his blue eyes shining, a hand roaming through his curls, a shy smile on his lips. "I was wondering if you'd like to go out with me?" "What?" She hadn't expected that question at all, and was pretty sure shock was etched all over her face. "Never mind-" he backed off, his eyes drifting to the ground, as he started grabbing his bag. "No, I mean, why would you ask me ?" She started, moving forward towards him. "You have no idea, the effect you have?" he said, setting his bag down. "Maybe because I want to do this over and over again?" He leaned in, brushing her lips against hers once, as his hands went to her face. They he pulled away slightly, until just a breath of air was between them. Katniss understood it was her call, her decision. She leaned in, chasing his lips with hers, tracing them, searching for crevices, until she felt his tongue peek and she opened her mouth to him, losing herself in the warmth of his mouth, losing herself to the feeling invading her body, shutting off her mind. "Okay. I'll allow it" she whispered when the kiss ended, was it seconds of minutes after, she couldn't care less. It took Peeta nearly eighteen months to confess her moaning in the shower that day had made him ask her out. She never regretted it. They shared a lot of showers together after that.