the lips. "Have fun, you guys. Peeta, you know where I'll be." The three of them watched Katniss drive away, and then Mercy laid her head down on her father's sturdy shoulder. "You feeling okay, Cici?" Peeta asked, walking inside after picking up her backpack. Delly lingered by them, studying Mercy for her answer. "A little tired," Mercy said, punctuating the thought with a yawn. "Well, I can fix that," Peeta said, "I was just making waffles! You wanna come help?" Delly went back out to the yard to work on the garden, where she had been before Katniss pulled up, so Peeta and his daughter were in the kitchen by themselves. She crawled up onto the counter and helped him crack eggs and sift the flour, and as she worked he stole glances at her. She looked more like Katniss with each passing day. She had his eyes, that was true. But the color of her hair and skin were Katniss entirely, along with the frown that pulled her lips down as she concentrated. His heart swelled as he watched his daughter painstakingly stir the waffle batter, using all of the strength in her one arm to get through the thick liquid. It was quiet in the kitchen, something it wouldn't be if Katniss were there, too. But they had never known a life together that included Mercy. They had split when she was a tiny group of cells, they didn't even know that Katniss was pregnant when they decided to call things off. The relationship came to an end when Katniss's sister died six years ago. Primrose was only 18, coming home from grad bash the night she graduated high school, a passenger in a car that was slammed into by a drunk driver. They hit a tree and the car turned into an accordion. Not one of the five people in the car walked away. Katniss turned into a different person. She didn't want him around anymore. They broke up, and five months later she told him that she was four months pregnant. One month after that, the doctors told them that their baby would be born dead. But four months had passed and Mercy was born alive with her late aunt's first name as her middle. And now, they had a five-year-old with the biggest lust for life that Peeta had ever seen. "What did you do in school this week, Cici?" Peeta asked, pressing the waffle iron down slowly. Mercy tapped her chin in thought. "I had gym, Spanish, drama, and played outside lots," she said. "It's getting cold out there," he said, "you wearing that new coat I got you?" Her mouth turned up in a sly grin and she shook her head slowly. "What? You're not? What are you talking about?" He feigned offense. "Me and Mommy don't like it…" she started to giggle. "She got me a new one." "Wow," Peeta said, raising his eyebrows. " Wow …I see how it is. You and Mommy ganging up on me. I see how it is, I see now…" " Daddy ," Mercy laughed, pulling on his shirt. "Oh, don't 'daddy' me, you didn't like my coat," he said. "You're no daughter of mine. Nope. Uh-uh." "Daddy!" she squealed, and threw her head back in laughter. Her raven hair fluttered around her face in curly tendrils that reminded Peeta so much of Katniss during the rare times she'd let her hair down from its braid. "Stop playing." "Come here then, munchkin," he said, lifting her small body onto his hip to bring her to the table. "Let's eat." Mercy didn't eat much; she just spent a while pushing it around. Her energy level seemed to have waned incredibly quickly. She could hardly keep her eyes open at the table, and it wasn't even lunchtime yet. Peeta hadn't known her to take naps for years, but that was what it looked like she needed. "Hey, Cici," he said, as he cleaned up their plates. "How does a nap sound? You look so tired, sweetie." She nodded sleepily and reached her arms up to be held. When he picked her up, he heard how quickly her breath was coming right next to his ear. He made a note of it in his mind, but didn't think much of it, especially after she let a few coughs go. It was just allergies; fall was ending and the air was changing. He laid her down on the couch and she turned onto one side and fell asleep instantly, before he could even walk away. He knelt down and kissed the side of her head, his lips pressed to her hair that felt just like her mother's. Katniss was just putting on her second high-heel when her phone rang from where it charged on her nightstand. She let it go, figuring it was Cato telling her that he was outside, and she'd find him out there herself in just a few moments. He could stand to wait. She stood in front of the full-length mirror and studied her outfit. She was wearing a knee-length black pencil skirt and a black spaghetti-strap, V-neck shirt, leaving just a tiny strip of her belly showing. Her heels were a deep burgundy to offset the black, and her hair was left down in a spiraled ocean of curls. Her phone rang again. She glanced at the clock and saw that it was 8:45, which meant that Cato was early and being incredibly pushy. She stomped over to her phone and read the Caller ID, only to see Peeta's name on the screen instead of her date's. "Hello?" Something about his voice didn't sound quite like him when he answered, and it made chills run up her spine. "Katniss," he said, "you need to come. It's Mercy." Katniss hung up the phone without asking what was wrong. She didn't need to know, all she needed to do was get over to his house. Fast.