knows that it can't work. They both know that, actually." Madge smiled at his stunned expression. "You okay, Hawthorne?" Gale dropped his head back and stared at the ceiling. "Do you think that movie is a sign?" He said. "Like if I really loved Katniss, I should let her go?" Madge sighed and looked at the ceiling as well. "Are you asking if we should be like Joe Bradley, Gale?" "Well, I can't imagine Katniss as a princess," Gale said with a smile, "although I can't say the same for Mellark." "You're calling him by his last name," Madge said. "That's progress." Gale rolled his eyes. "What's so great about him, anyway?" He asked her. "Gregory Peck?" Madge said innocently. "Do you want an itemized list? Because he's pretty much my idealized perfect man—tall, dark, handsome, a little brooding, really intelligent, you know, he has this rough, hardened exterior, but he really has a soft, vulnerable side to him—" "Okay, that's not what I meant and you know it," Gale said, wondering briefly why Gregory Peck sounded so familiar to him in that moment. "I meant Mellark." "What's so great about him?" Madge frowned. "Wait, why are you asking this?" "I mean, Katniss is in love with him, you're in love with him… I mean, what is it about him that make girls go crazy?" Madge made a face. "Are you… insecure , Hawthorne?" "Definitely not," Gale scoffed. "I just need to figure out the competition." Madge rolled her eyes. "Okay, fine, I'll bite. What's so great about Peeta? It reminds me of this quote that I heard: 'When I was young, I admired clever people. Now that I am old, I admire kind people.' Peeta is the kindest, most compassionate person I've ever met. He cares so much about other people and it's completely sincere. He's also really smart, focused, and," Madge blushed here, "really, really handsome." Gale groaned. "Okay, whatever, if you don't think Katniss is hot, too, you're lying," Madge threw a pillow at him. Gale looked at her. "Now would you like a list? Of what makes Katniss so great?" Madge looked at him like he was crazy. "No," she said. "Unlike you, my competition is also my friend. I know what's great about Katniss. Which makes this that much harder for me." "Yeah, I bet," Gale said. He hadn't thought about that. He knew Madge and Katniss were friends, but he never considered the effect on their relationship if Madge succeeded in convincing Peeta not to marry Katniss. They were quiet for a moment. "But you know what I really love about Peeta?" Madge asked quietly. "Hmm?" Gale said, looking over at her. She too was facing the ceiling, but he could tell just from looking at her profile that her blue eyes were soft, like they had been when watching Audrey Hepburn and Gregory Peck fall in love. "He was always there for me," she said. "When things in my life were really tough. When I was sixteen, my aunt died. I don't know if you remember that. But after that, my mom—they were so close, they were twins—she had a psychotic break. She was never the same, and neither was my dad, really. Peeta—he made life bearable for me during that time. He was the only good thing in my life then—loving him was the only good part of my life. I think that's important when you love someone, you know? You can depend on them, in good and bad." "For better or worse," Gale murmured thoughtfully. "Yeah, I get what you mean. That's what I love about Katniss, too. When our dads died in that car accident, we had to grow up. Take care of our families. Without her, I don't know what I would've done and vice versa. That's what I want in my future wife, you know? An equal. A partner." "A partner," Madge repeated with a smile. She had a sudden vision, of Gale as a husband. She knew he'd make a good one, somehow. "I like that." "Well, what do you know?" Gale said. "We actually agreed on something." "We've been around each other long enough," Madge said. "It was bound to happen eventually, right?" "True," Gale said, drowsily. The wine was hitting him, quickly. With blurry eyes, he looked over at Madge. She was already asleep. She really is beautiful , he thought to himself. He had always known it, but this trip taught him how beautiful she was as a person, too. He fell asleep, too, smiling. 8. They were a day behind schedule, but they got an early enough start. Gale insisted on going back to the diner from the night before for breakfast because he was craving pancakes and Madge gave in with a laugh. Breakfast was nice, actually, Madge thought later. They had joked all morning, stealing food off each other's plates and laughing constantly. It was the nicest morning both of them had had in a long time. There was no work looming over them, the car was going to be fixed, the weather was clear and not too hot, and, though they were loath to admit it, the company was excellent. Madge didn't think she had ever seen him smile so much; Gale couldn't stop staring at the way the morning light made her hair glitter like gold. She was prettiest when she laughed, he thought. They hit the road shortly after and drove thirteen hours until they reached St. George, Utah. Gale and Madge had hoped to make it to Las Vegas that night, and though it was only a couple hours away, they were too exhausted to drive any further. Despite that, they lay in the dark, both staring at the ceiling. "Do you know what you're going to say to her when you see her?" Madge whispered. "Not a clue," Gale said, and wondered, perhaps for the first time, if his plan was a good idea after all.