touch him, but don't know how. He's straining against his boxers, and I can't stop thinking about it. I want to know if it will hurt, but at the same time I don't want to know. I'm hoping a bit of pain will distract me from my intrusive thoughts about this Tour. "Where do we go from here?" I ask from under him after we've been kissing for a while. I'm anxious. "We…anywhere," he says, the early onset of a grin on his lips. "Do you want to take your underwear off?" I ask him. "Do you want me to?" he asks. "We both could," I suggest, "that way one of us wouldn't feel naked without the other doing it, too." "That's fair," he says. "Um…" "What?" I ask, sitting up and leaning over in preparation to unsnap my bra. "Do you think…I could…do that?" he asks, and his cheeks flush apple-red. "Oh…yeah, sure," I say, and shift my hands down to let his in. He wraps his arms around me and fiddles with the clasp, and we both soon realize that he's not an expert at bras. I don't know much about this kind, either – the kind I have at home are entirely cloth, and I usually just pull this one on over my head without bothering with the little hooks. Peeta's fingers are simply too big and not deft enough. He's struggling, it's very obvious. "I can…I can get it," I offer, and he reluctantly moves his hands away. I pull the bra off over my head like a t-shirt and throw it to the side. My breasts bounce a little as I toss it, and Peeta ogles them with such intensity that I have to resist the urge to cover up again. "You go now," I say, nodding towards his boxers. He strips fast. My throat clogs as I take in the entire sight of him. I can't help but wondering how he's going to fit. I slip my own underwear off and then we're both sitting there, completely naked, afraid to touch each other again. I wonder what's allowed and what isn't. Suddenly, I worry if there's going to be a knock at his door any second and wonder if we should just get this over with already. "Should we just do it?" I ask. "Can I touch you?" he says, and I nod and lay back. He covers my body with his own and I feel every inch of him touching me in places that I never thought Peeta Mellark would touch. He covers one of my breasts with his hand and the other with his mouth. My head falls back to hit the pillow and all of the breath is stolen from me. "Oh," I moan, and grapple for something to hold onto. I find his hair, take a large fistful, and tug. I've never felt like this before. It feels like someone is twisting a wet washcloth in my lower belly until it's about to snap, and I so badly want it to snap. As his teeth graze my nipple, I let out a moan that's louder than I intended. An image of Haymitch storming in floods my mind, so I make sure to keep quiet. The last thing I want is to be caught like this. I let my hands wander on Peeta, though only around his head and neck. I don't know what I can touch and what I can't. When he lifts his mouth from my breast, his pupils are extremely dilated and he's still very hard. I wonder to myself how long that lasts. "I think we should do it now," I say, thinking maybe that his erection might fade if we don't hurry. "Okay," he says, positioning himself above me. I have no expectations as to how this should feel, so when he goes in little by little, my eyes widen and my mouth gapes open, but not in a good way. It feels like I'm being flipped inside out. "Are you okay?" he asks as he's halfway in. "I can pull out if you're-" "Keep going," I insist, because this is all my mind can focus on. This is what I hoped for. I want to be in my physical mind only. He buries himself up to the hilt and his eyes practically roll back inside his head. I feel like I'm being impaled, but I don't say a word in protest. His hips jerk once and his arms shake on either sides of my head. "I'm…" he grunts, and pulls out of my swiftly. White stuff spurts from him, down onto the planes of my hipbones and over my bellybutton. I see blood dotting the sheet between my legs and know that it must have come from me. As Peeta's muscles spasm, I hear him say, "I can't believe I thought I was going to die without feeling that." I'm not sure what he means. He takes a while to catch his breath. When he opens his eyes, he sees the blood, too. "Katniss, you're bleeding," he says, sounding alarmed. I press my hand between my legs and see that it's red when I bring it back up. "It's okay," I say calmly. "I'll go clean myself up." "Wait, I…my…it's on you…" "Don't worry about it," I say, picking up my underwear and sliding them back on. I slip my other clothes on, too, and wave him good night. "Thank you. Night, Peeta." He stares at me like I've grown a third head. The dull, empty ache in my groin is impossible to ignore. I need to get back to my room to shower it away. "Night, Katniss." When I get back to my room, I strip in the bathroom. I sit on the edge of the tub as the water's running and wipe between my legs, lifting my arms to see the damage that's done. There is a lot of blood on my hands.