ago, bought a house in the suburbs. My mom got tired of being woke up at four by the iron gate being lifted. As Dad is getting closer to retirement, he doesn't come as early as before." "And your brothers?" "Will is married, they live two blocks away, and Brian has his own apartment. This place was free, so I took it. I can be here early in the morning too, it's practical." "You're baking too?" "We all bake." "But your degree in art? You told me you wanted to be a teacher." "I still do. One day, eventually. When I finish my degree." He passed through the large living room with an open kitchen. "I'll show you where you will sleep. I hope my room will do." "What? Your room? No, I'll sleep on the couch!" "I think my mom will kill me if she learns I let someone sleep on the–" Peeta stopped his phrase completely, realizing a second too late his choice of words. Katniss saw him tense, his eyes getting a shade darker, his whole body going rigid, his hands, fisted so tight the knuckles were white and protruding. It didn't last long, maybe a couple of seconds before he was able to relax and go back to his original self, only with his head hanging low, not daring to meet Katniss's eyes. "I'm sorry, Katniss, it's just…" He completely turned away, shielding herself from her gaze. "Sometimes, it all comes back to me, you know? A word, a sound something triggers it all.I space out, and I totally get it if you don't want to stay here." "Shhh…" Katniss's voice was in his ear in a second, her hands around his waist from behind. "I have nightmares… I see it all happening over and over again… everybody dies… my parents, my sister, my cousins… you…" At her words, Peeta turned in her arms to look at her. "I understand, Peeta. I was there. I have bad days too. It's hard to be strong all the time…." "You can be weak with me, Katniss…." She looked into his eyes, back to their ocean blue shade, standing on her tip-toes so that her forehead was on his. "Only if you let yourself be weak with me." – Guns were firing, bodies falling around her. In front of her, Primrose was standing up, her hands on her belly, but nothing could stop the spreading stain of blood from covering the white dress Katniss's sister was wearing. On the right, Madge was slowly collapsing on the ground, in slow motion, her shout echoing into the night. Gunshots. Blood. Sirens. It started again. The screaming. The shouting. A voice, like a lifeline, pulling through the terror, the panic, the fear. A voice, silencing the guns, stopping the falls, the bleedings. Her name, said over and over again, anchoring her to another reality. "Katniss, please, wake up!" She startled awake, looking at the unfamiliar surroundings, her eyes still wet from the tears she cried over her losses. Peeta was next to her, holding her against his chest, his hands stroking her arms gently. She pulled away from him, too ashamed to look at Peeta in the eyes, hiding her tears. "I'm sorry - it's just… I get nightmares…." "Don't apologize… I get them too, you know?" Katniss nodded. With a final brush of his hand on her arm, Peeta stood up from the bed, tightening the sheets. "Will you be okay now?" He asked, moving towards the bedroom door. She doubted she would. She didn't want to be left alone in this room she didn't know, in these sheets that were too cold for her liking… "Peeta?" The young man had already reached the door when Katniss's voice made him turn. "Will you stay with me?" she asked in a small voice. He didn't say anything, just nodded slightly before making his way back to the bed. Katniss moved to her left, leaving some space while holding the bedsheets open for him. He laid on his back, not wanting to appear too invading, not knowing where to settle, but Katniss had a mind of her own. She snuggled next to him, searching for his warmth, for the comfort of his arms, of his body. Sleep was already calling her back, when she heard him whisper to the night. "Always." —- Feb. 14th 2016, somewhere in the world. There were still flowers and candles everywhere, placed along the walls or simply lying on the pavement. The security barriers had been removed a long time ago, allowing passerbys to come and pay their respects. The thin woman extracted herself from the embrace of the blond man, looking into his eyes for a long time, before he nodded, placing a chaste kiss on her forehead. She dug into his left pocket, took the small candle that was there, hidden behind his pair of gloves before turning towards the flowered wall, trying to take a step forward. Tears were rolling down her cheeks, she was clinging to the candle in her hands like a lifeline, trying to find the courage to take this last step on her own, until she felt his warm hand in hers, and he whispered in her ear. If someone had been close enough, they would have heard one word. "Together." The girl with the raven hair nodded, holding his hand tighter. They took the last step together. For all the families and friends that lost someone during any kind of attack. This was written after the Paris Attacks on November 13th, in the hope it would never happen again. Alas, it did. There's a Canadian song called "Quand les Hommes Vivront d'Amour" that was the starting point of this story. It's a song of hope, of love. And finally, thank you so much to all of you who on Tumblr or FB showed their support. Blue, white and Red were never as beautiful as they were last November. Thank you.