Even when their tributes died and he went back home to twelve, they kept coming back. The nightmares and without her waking him up, making him tea or sometimes humiliatingly stroking his hair until he fell back asleep they came with a force he never knew was possible. He sometimes woke up having hurt himself flailing the knife he slept with or he woke up with a sore throat from screaming, which made the alcohol burn on the way down. "Of course you can call me, Haymitch, I'm just… I didn't know you had your phone fixed," Effie sounded tired. "What did you want?" she asked more politely. "I… I don't know, Trinks, I just keep…" He didn't know what to say to her without sounding like either a creepy pervert or someone madly in love with her. I keep dreaming about you. I kill you in several of these dreams! He wasn't about to tell her just that. "Are you still having those dreams?" He broke down. It wasn't supposed to happen; he just wanted to hear her voice to be sure she was okay. Not that he thought anything in his dreams actually happened, but tonight they'd been so real, he couldn't face not knowing if she was doing okay. He cried into the phone with her trying to make out the words he said to her on the other end, soothing him with her own soft voice. "Haymitch, Haymitch… Mitch, ssh, it's okay, it's just dreams. Listen, I'm not dead, the most dramatic thing that happened to me today was that I stubbed my toe," she laughed a bit, her reserved laughter sounding hauntingly eerie over the phone. His face grew red. How could he ever face her again after this? He hung up without saying goodbye. When everything around him grew so silent he could only hear his own breathing, he contemplated calling her again to say sorry for hanging up so abruptly but then he realized – she'd understand, she always did. After the nightmares had started she'd let him off easier and easier. She rarely even yelled at him anymore. The following night he dreamt of her, standing in the meadow. No make-up her hair flowing loose, a bit longer than it actually was. She called out his name playfully and ran away from him. Barefooted. He couldn't catch her and not long after a hovercraft appeared. He screamed for her to be careful, but she just stopped and looked at him with sadness embedded in her big blue eyes. Then the hovercraft threw the bomb. "Aw, come on Effie, you know what's good for you," Haymitch eavesdropped. The man talking to Effie had come to the training centre and somehow he was let in. Not many people had that kind of power. "Yes, Rex, and you're not part of it," she said with her tiny insecure voice. Haymitch saw her stumble back from him and reach out for something to hold on to. Something to fight him with. It was like watching one of their own fights, only Haymitch wasn't as well dressed as the man. And Haymitch would have already grabbed her in impatience. There was something else about this man's use of violence though. He forced his words into tiny knives, which seemed to hit Effie everywhere as he talked. "Of course I am," Rex said disarmingly. "I already have someone," Effie lied and she fell to the floor when Rex smacked his hand to her face. Haymitch felt a sour taste in his mouth when he realized that he too had done that to Effie and worse. But he couldn't just let her lie there and take whatever this man had in store for her. "Who?" Rex yelled "Who is crazy enough to want your charades? Back to Seneca are you?" he kicked her as Haymitch quickly pulled him away. Rex hadn't seen him coming, but when he got a look at the mentor he began laughing hysterically. "Him? Oh, Euphemia Trinket, you are a slut," he spat on her. Haymitch tried his best escorting him to the door. Tried his best resisting the urge to beat him up until he couldn't talk or move. "Yes!" Effie suddenly said, "Yes, Rex, are you jealous because you don't have someone you love?" she yelled back at him. She was still sitting on the floor, her head ringing from pain, but her words had left both Rex and Haymitch speechless. For a second he also stopped in his resist of Haymitch's tight grip. Effie's scared look and her begging eyes made him finish what he started and soon the only sound in the room, was that of the elevator descending with Rex inside. "Who was that?" Haymitch asked. "Marco Rexilius," Effie replied. "That guy from the commercials?" Haymitch remembered seeing a tv-show where they joked about the 'Marco Polo' of commercials and that man being there. "Yeah… I went out with him once. He got quite vulgar," Effie said blushing to match the bruise on her cheek. "Well, he's gone now. Are you okay?" He sat down next to her, their backs supported by the couch. She looked at him. "Thank you Haymitch," "Don't mention it, if somebody's slapping you around it's gotta be me," he said bitterly. "You've become much nicer to me than you used to be," she said to him "sometimes I even look forward to your company," I long for yours, Haymitch thought. "Yeah, I guess I got used to you," he said instead. This wasn't a dream. It was really her soft lips against his. It didn't last long, but it wasn't just a peck on the lips. It was a full-force kiss. "Thank you Haymitch," she repeated afterwards smiling a bit embarrassed. He was convinced she wasn't talking about Rex anymore. He cupped her unbruised cheek in his hand and helped himself to another kiss, his stomach churning with excitement. That night he slept without nightmares.