diversion, she prayed she could go back and relive them a million times over until she got it right. How many experiences with him had she passed up? She rolled on her side, inching closer to Peeta, her face finding the crook of his neck again. His skin was heated, barring the cold that threatened them from outside his window, the fragrance of cinnamon and dill circling from his clothes. It was an odd combination but so characteristically Peeta that it comforted her, even if only for a few moments at a time. They didn't speak at all, just focusing on synchronizing their breathing, on committing the pace of the other's heartbeat to memory. Katniss was sure that Peeta wanted to say something, because there was hardly ever a time in which Peeta didn't have something to say, but she hypothesized that his mind was too crowded, the words tangled and indiscernible on his tongue. And, of course, Katniss flourished in her own reticence, so she was never expected to be the one to speak first. Surprisingly enough, however, after nearly an hour of silence, she was the first to shatter the quiet by saying what both of them had been too terrified to admit. "You can't die, Peeta." Underneath her flattened palm, she felt his heartbeat spike for a moment. He turned his head slowly to her, and if she didn't know better, she'd almost say he pressed a kiss to her forehead. But they were just friends , so she wrote it off as her imagination, forcing herself to ignore the dull ache between her legs that she didn't really understand. He tried to make light of the situation in typical Peeta fashion. "I can't ?" She heard a hint of a smile in his voice, and even though it was not as warm and genuine as usual, she was glad that he was at least trying to bring a little sunlight into the dark room thickened with silence. "You literally can't. You don't deserve to." "I'm afraid that's not how it works," he whispered back almost immediately, and she could feel her heart plummet, but thankfully, he recovered before she could dwell on his admittance for too long. "But if you say so, I guess I'll keep kicking. That's only because you're the expert on this kind of thing." She was half-thankful that he decided to inject some jollity into the otherwise gloomy conversation, but still, it didn't seem to ease her terror. "Peeta, I…" And, once again, Katniss was rendered speechless. I… what? I can't let you leave me? I want you in my life? I need you there? She felt him sigh. "It's so early, Katniss. Things will probably be alright. Even if it is that Telekinesis Osteoporosis—" God dammit with that name again —"the doctors said they can perform surgery on my leg. They… they said I can pull through. I'm going to be okay, Katniss." His voice lowered as his nose brushed over her pulsing temple. "I'm just… I'm scared." She wanted to tell him, I'm scared, too , but she decided in that moment that she needed to be strong for Peeta. When she lost her father, and when things were rough with Gale, Peeta had always been steadfast at her side. It was her turn to repay the favor. She'd always owed him, anyway. "Don't let yourself be afraid, Peeta. You're strong. Give yourself reasons to be alive." He smiled down at her, the dimples creasing in his cheeks, flaunting that at least this grin was partially genuine. "I have one right here," he told her, tapping the pad of his index finger against her nose playfully, and she tried to ignore the pull in her chest that his comment had triggered. They decided not to delve into the subject any further, settling into a silence that may have still suffocated them but was certainly more manageable than the last. After a while, Katniss heard Peeta yawn, so she concluded her welcome was expended. She bid him goodnight, ignoring the tension straining in her belly to hold him closer to her for just a moment longer and give him a good-night kiss, now fully aware of just how precious every gesture had become. She would not realize until a year later that, after she had left, he'd slipped from the bed and flicked on his light, seating himself at the mahogany-tainted desk beside the window, pulling out a fresh leaf of lined paper and doodling a list in his neat, stereotypically-Peeta scrawl. It was what had flashed through his mind when she'd whispered, Just tell me what I can do, Peeta. I'll do anything . And then, again, when she'd directed, Give yourself reasons to be alive. He would do just that. In his list, he recorded a set of ten things that he promised himself he would have to finish before he allowed himself to give up, the end of the list presenting deeds far more difficult than the beginning, the last few most likely unattainable, but he didn't care. These were his reasons to be alive. To stay alive. And that is why, in the middle of an early October night, a sixteen-year-old Peeta Mellark sat hunched at his desk, writing a record of ten activities he would end up spending his entire life working toward. A bucket list. There you have it! Any feedback, by way of reviews, PMs, or tumblr asks, are always welcome. Oh, and here's a little fun-fact: I was looking up names for Peeta's brothers—I thought it'd be cool to make the Mellark family of Scandinavian descent—when I ran across Peeta's name! Apparently, it's Scandinavian, too, and it means "Rock" which I think is pretty fascinating and true to Peeta's character (in the sense that he's sturdy and resilient). A homophone for a type of bread, yes, but at least it can be taken a little deeper than that. ;) Have a wonderful weekend!