continues after seeing the expression of confusion on my face. "I can't stand this thing, but my dad still thinks I'm going. So… I'm just getting out of here until it's done." I nod slowly, my stomach sinking with disappointment. "So…see you around," she says. If she had invited me to ditch with her, I would've done it in a second. But she didn't. I turn away from her as she disappears further and further into the distance, and then run my hands roughly through my hair that I had painstakingly done this morning. The excess gel that sticks to my fingers now just makes me feel stupid. With my hands still mussing up my hair, I walk through the double doors of the auditorium without anyone by my side. That trend continues throughout the rest of the summer. I would drive up to the auditorium and park my car, usually just in time to see Katniss hurrying away with her head ducked and Prim skipping inside. I don't make a move to try and talk to her again, although I badly want to. As the months go on, it's obvious that she had other things on her mind and more important things to do. I made a few friends in my group at camp, but no one that really counts. They're just the type of friends to hang out with in the setting you meet them in, nothing more. I never found out anything about their personal lives, we just talk about stuff in the moment. It makes me feel a little less lame, but not much. When the end of the summer comes along, I'm more grateful than anything. Upon first moving here, I was more nervous about the start of school than anything else, but now it feels like a relief. On the night before the first day, my mom and dad are arguing and I can hear their every word through the vents in my floor. I lay on my bed, staring at the ceiling, and pinch my eyes shut to try and block it out. It's about money; it's always about money. Hearing the stress that every single cost of the new bakery puts on them makes me have anxiety myself, so I heave my body up from my bed and crank my window open. My room looks out over the garage with the slanted roof, so it's pretty easy to scale down it without being noticed. I squeeze through the windowpanes and then slide down until I can make the short jump to the grass. When I do, I start down the sidewalk on foot to take a walk. I make my way through the neighborhood aimlessly, with absolutely zero destination in mind. I don't really need one; I just needed to get out of that house and clear my mind. I wonder what school will be like tomorrow. At my old one, there were a lot of students and it was easy to get lost in the crowd. This town is much smaller, so I don't think that will be the case. I'm hoping that fact will make it easier for me to make some friends. It's nice walking along just listening to the outside noises without headphones in. But just as I'm thinking this, I hear the bass of a song with a heavy beat coming from somewhere outside. I squint my eyes to try and look for headlights, but don't see any cars on the road. Suddenly, I realize that it's not coming from a car, it's coming from inside a house. I've looped back around to the road that I live on, but the other end of it, where Katniss and her family live, and the sound is coming from her house. The front door is wide open with yellow light pouring onto the porch. There aren't any cars in the driveway, which tells me she's home alone and that's the only reason that the song that's playing is as loud as it is. By the way By the way You do things to my body I didn't know that I was starving 'til I tasted you I can make out her shape easily, even from the opposite side of the street. The kitchen is in the front of the house, and she's jumping around the island dressed in pajama shorts and a tank top, her hair up in a messy bun on top of her head. She's dancing like crazy to this song, sung by Hailee Steinfeld, and I cover my mouth to keep my smile at bay and try not to stare. I shouldn't idle just watching her, even I can see how creepy that is. I let myself linger for one more drawn-out second, and then shove my hands deep into my pockets and walk quickly away from her private dance party of one. I go back home and sneak in the back door, not in the mood to scale back up the roof and get back in my room through the window. My entrance goes unnoticed anyway; my dad is in the living room with the TV cranked and my mom must be in bed. I walk up the stairs with a slight smile on my face, still picturing Katniss dancing like an idiot in her kitchen. I can't help wondering what made her so happy, and finding it pretty cute that she could be that excited and carefree on her own. As I think about it harder, though, I start to feel embarrassed. I shouldn't be thinking about her this much, because in reality I don't know her at all. I just saw a tiny glimpse of her life and am already assuming different situations that could've been the reason for it. It's weird and desperate, if anything. The smile on my face turns to a scowl as I try to think of anything else but Katniss. I'd never have a chance with her, anyway.