him. "Well, I feed the kids at the orphanage." Gale stops in his tracks, not expecting that answer. Gale had already respected the girl for her bravery at hopping the fence. Gale remembers her saying she had been out here everyday for five years, and if she's the same age as him, which would've made her about 8 or 9 when she started. So yeah, he respects her for hopping the fence. Nobody does that, least of all a little girl. That respect grew when she started talking about bows like she's been using them all her life, and he doesn't know for sure, but he would bet she's a perfect shot. Now? He freaking admires her, and he doesn't even think that that is a strong enough word. It goes above and beyond respect. The kids at the orphanage have nothing , and there are many deaths each year due to starvation alone. He realizes now, though, that it's been a few years since he'd heard about any. He now knows why. Gale doesn't even know how to respond. "That-that's… kind of amazing." Madge just shrugs. Gale doesn't say anything else. Madge will learn that Gale keeps most of his thoughts to himself if he deems them unnecessary to say out loud. He'll say the bare minimum, mostly just to get his point across. Madge walks up to the log that she's worked to keep hidden. She digs around until she finds the coil of fishing wire. She pulls out her knife from her belt and wordlessly grabs Gale's bow out of his hands. She measures the amount he'll need and cuts it off. She holds it out for him to take. "Here you go." Gale doesn't reach for it, just stares at it. "I-" he swallows, looking Madge in the eyes. "I don't know how to…" he trails off. "Figures," Madge mutters under her breath, sighing. "I'll do it for you. It might take a couple days." He doesn't really have a couple days. His family doesn't have a couple days. But Gale nods anyways. "I'll pay you. Or trade something," He murmur. Madge really doesn't need anything, but she knows he won't take no for an answer. Madge smirks, "How about this? I'll restring your bow for you, if you give me a portion of my strawberries back." Gale gives a hint of a smile, surprising Madge. She realizes she hasn't seen any positive expression on his face at all. " Your strawberries?" he teases. " My strawberries," Madge nods, mock seriously. Gale holds out his hand, and they shake on it. "Deal." End Flashback Madge smiles at the memory. She wouldn't say it was the start of a beautiful friendship, but it was the start of… something. Madge had restrung his bow, which she later found out was made and used by his father, who did pass away in the mine explosion like she thought. Gale had four mouths to feed, and when his bow was finished, she had realized that he needed major help. Not only was he loud, but he also couldn't use a bow to save his life. So, Madge insisted that she teach him how, saying that she couldn't stand by and watch him butcher the art of archery. It took awhile, but he got to be almost as good as her. His real skill was setting up snares, which he taught Madge how to do, but she preferred archery. They had probably spent two months together, her teaching him how to master archery. When she decreed he didn't need any more help, she realized that they worked really well together. They were both quiet in the woods, using body language or a facial expression to communicate. Their bodies became attuned to each other. They helped each other, and Madge felt that if they separated her hunting would suffer. Madge knew that she'd never find another hunting partner, and despite their strained relationship- with Gale's temper and Madge's bluntness, they worked well together. Madge hadn't said anything, but Gale was the one to propose the idea that they continue hunting together. That's what started their early mornings in the woods. Madge didn't even realize she had zoned out while staring at Gale until she snapped out of her thoughts. Cheeks burning, her head snaps back to the stage, deciding to ignore Gale's teasing smirk. Effie finally makes it to the microphone, and begins her speech, oblivious to the depressed crowd. "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor!" Madge looks back at Gale, finding him watching her already. Again. Madge remembers that very morning joking around with Gale, a first since he was all of a sudden nice. They had imitated Effie's voice and said those same exact words. "Ladies first!" Madge doesn't look away from Gale's somber eyes. She can't. She's never seen him look scared before, so the fact that he looks terrified right now is surprising. "Aster Beaugard." Madge doesn't notice anything about the name except for the fact that it's not hers. She watches Gale's features fill with relief, his shoulders dropping infinitesimally. Madge closes her eyes as she takes a deep breath, relaxing, but feeling guilty for it when she knows watches a girl of about 15 walk up the steps, shaking. Madge tunes out the introduction, biting her nails waiting for the boys' name to be called. "Now time for the boys!" Madge's eyes dart back to Gale. He's staring ahead; not even looking worried or scared. Was he only scared for me? Madge wonders, confused at his mood change. Effie opens her mouth, and Madge can't think of anything but not Gale, not Gale, not Gale. "Jackson Fraeder." Not Gale , Madge thinks in relief. A/N: New story. I love the Gadge pairing, they are my favorite characters in the books. I got this idea and couldn't help but write it out immediately. Pretty please tell me what you guys think!