his had and back at Katniss. "I wanted to kiss you really badly." She watches as Peeta carefully places the apple onto the counter and then steps towards her, he cups her face with his hands and kisses her so passionately that her knees go weak and he lifts her onto the counter as her legs wrap around his waist. "Peeta, wait, wait for one minute." Katniss gasps and pulls her lips from Peeta's. "There's only so many time I can jack off thinking of you without breaking my wrist, baby." Peeta groans while leaning his shoulders back to look into her face while keeping his groin pressed between her legs. "We can't have sex all the time, especially with Amelie around." Katniss mumbles and Peeta sees the sudden fear in her eyes and he tucks the hair behind her ears and keeps his hands there. "Don't do that, don't start freaking out and getting all apprehensive and thinking this is a bad idea because it isn't! I get this okay? I get that it's going to change, I swear that I understand that now you two are my family we can't go around like the college kids we were." Peeta presses his forehead to Katniss'. "I meant that when we were in my office I didn't cum so, I had a hard on for fucking ages." "Oh so you want to cum inside me and then you'll be set for a few months?" Katniss smirks as Peeta chuckles. "A few months might be pushing it but, whatever makes you happy." Peeta kisses her nose and she fiddles with collar of his t-shirt. "Do you want to go upstairs then?" She asks awkwardly and he nods softly. "Ok." Peeta pulls her against his body and she wraps her legs around him so that he carries her up the stairs slowly, she nuzzles her face into his warm neck until he bends and he lowers her onto the bed. He fingers tug up the hem of his top and he swiftly removes it. She shuffles back on the bed as Peeta crawls up between his legs. "I'm not rushing you, am I?" He sighs as he fingers linger over the buttons of her shirt. As a response she runs her hands over his shoulders and then down his chest, over his hard muscles and eventually tugging the waist band of his jeans. Clothes were removed quickly and slowly at the same time, a mass of clothes piling up at the edge of his bed until they are laying side by side naked and Katniss presses on his shoulder so he rolls backwards and then slips over him. "I love you." Peeta grins and Katniss nods. Peeta's hands clutch at the pillow around his head when she lowers herself around him, her nails dig into his chest as they both release a moan. When she starts to lose her balance after her second orgasm Peeta rolls her backwards and fills her again and again with such force she is sure that she can feel him in her chest. Eventually, neither of them can go anymore and they collapse onto the bed. "Is it too early to go to sleep?" Katniss murmurs and Peeta pulls her against him, the sheet was laying across her chest and then over Peeta's waist. "Not at all." Amelie tried desperately not to panic when she realised she left her emergency phone in her locker. It was when Katniss screamed again that Amelie burst into tears, they had planned it all so carefully! Peeta would be there for the three weeks before Katniss' due date just in case but it was five weeks before! "Amelie please!" Her mother cried out again and Amelie threw the couch cushions onto the floor and then ran back upstairs to where Katniss was sprawled on her and Peeta's bed. Amelie's stomach flipped when she saw how much more blood there was. "I can't find a phone!" She cried and Katniss writhed in agony. "Where's your phone mom!" Amelie yelled and Katniss shook her head violently. Amelie ran down the stairs again and outside, she ran straight over the road and pounded on the door of their elderly neighbour. The old woman opened the door and Amelie rambled urgently until Mrs Davis waved her in and Amelie snatched up her phone and dialled quickly Peeta's office. "Hello, this is Mr Odair's secretary, how ca-" "Please I need to talk to Peeta Mellark!" Amelie cried loudly and the woman spoke loudly until Amelie heard Finnick in the background. "FINNICK!" Amelie screamed and then sobbed. "Amelie? What the hell is happening?" He spoke quickly and Amelie repeated Peeta's name until he put her through. "Amelie? What's wrong, sweetie?" Peeta asked and Amelie gasped in breaths. "Daddy! Mommy's bleeding! Please! She needs you!" Amelie cries and Peeta is already out of his office chair and running for the lift, slamming the button repeatedly. "Baby! Baby, listen, I'm coming! Alright! I'll call the ambulance! Go back to Mum and tell her I'm coming!" Peeta thumped the inside of the lift as he hung up and rang the ambulance and then Finnick. "I have to go, Katniss is bleeding! I'm sorry!" "Daddy!" Peeta swept Amelie into his arms beside the hospital reception and held her against him tightly as she clung to him. "I'm here! It'll be alright! It's OK!" Peeta turned to the nurse who was with Amelie and she tells him that he has to stay here. Peeta sinks into a chair with Amelie still wrapped around him and they stay like that for three hours until a surgeon appeared in front of them and Peeta held his breath, his chest tightening. Then the surgeon smiled and nodded and Peeta sobbed into Amelie's hair. "Mother and baby are doing wonderfully. You can see them now." A/N: It's only a one-shot but, review and let me know if you like it! It's a pretty long one-shot :)