them discarded in the grass. But her eyes fell on her own kind of flame, on the thing that was as radiant as the sun, as warm as the fire in the chimney. A single dandelion, poking proudly in the remaining beams of light. She grabbed the wildflower with a small smile on her face, turning it between her fingers before bringing it to her lips, kissing its golden crown, before putting it down in the middle of her creation. With a deep breath, she finally put her wreath onto the water, watching it float alongside the stream, turning, dancing on the waves. Katniss watched it leave, her heart heavy with the memories - she knew it was an outlet for her own losses - her dad, dead; her mother, lost to her work; her sister, building her life away from her - but maybe it was also the start of something for her too, being able to let go of the shadows of her past, to move on. The wreath was soon lost in the dark of the setting sun. Katniss had no doubt it would only float a few minutes before sinking - it wasn't built to last, this one, but she decided to follow it until its end, to say goodbye. But she stopped dead in her tracks, never expecting the sight she was faced with. A lantern, made of paper, blocked in the branches of a tree, which was odd, as the Lanterns weren't due to fly until a few hours later. Katniss carefully untangled the paper from the branches, being attentive not to tear down this fragile confection, wondering all the while how it could have ended here. When she was done, and the lantern was completely removed from the tree, she turned it, checking for holes in the paper when she saw the drawing on one of the sides. A dandelion. A carbon copy of the one Peeta had picked in that field, on the first night she dreamt of him, so long ago. The dandelion that gave her hope. That gave her life. That she never forgot. How could it be drawn onto a lantern? "You found it!" A deep, baritone voice came from the other side of the lantern, its owner hidden by the thin paper. Katniss lowered her hands, seeing a mop of curly hair appearing first, followed by blue eyes shining in the orange of the sunset. "You…" she whispered, the man in front of her being the man she had been meeting in her dreams since she was twelve. "But… it's…" "It's impossible… " She heard him say, as his face showed astonishment beyond measure, as if he couldn't believe his eyes. But Katniss couldn't believe hers either. "I must be sleeping," she muttered, her whole body wanting to touch him, her brains screaming it wasn't real. "What's your name?" She asked suddenly, as she looked at the man in front of her clenching his fists, his knuckles whitening as if he was trying to convince himself he was wide awake. "I'll tell you yours if you tell me mine," he answered. She saw him take a deep breath, closing his eyes, and it was as if the night had fallen suddenly without their light. Without opening them, he started. "Your name is Katniss. Real or not real?" "Real. And you are Peeta." At her words, he finally opened his eyelids, revealing tears that threatened to fall down his cheeks. "Real. How is this possible? I saw you in my dreams!" "I know. I was there too," she answered, feeling the moisture on her face too. He made the first step, but did it matter, really? She found the shelter she needed in the embrace of his warmth, the words that appeased her mind in the sound of his voice, the water she needed to drink in the blue of his eyes. They shared what little they didn't know about each other's lives, touched each other's face, until they realized this was real, real, so real. Hand in hand they finally reached the meadow, as the lanterns were already floating in the sky above, brightening the black of the night with all kinds of oranges and yellows. When they released their lantern, together, they knew each pass of wind on the paper was backing the ghosts and shadows away, opening the path for them to dance on. — It was the night of the Festival of the Lanterns, again. Sitting on a blanket, a brown haired woman and a blond man, holding hands were carefully watching a little girl with dark curly hair holding her wreath in one of her hands, and her little blond brother in the other, leading them towards the river nearby. When they arrived, she carefully sat the toddler on a flat rock, urging him with her fingers and a scowl not to move, before turning to her parents, her blue eyes smiling at them. Okay, this is going to be like the longest A/N I've written. Thank you first to d12drabbles team for coming up with this prompt :) I had another prompt lingering in my inbox, courteousy of akai-echo (this one: She often dreamed about him. Since she was a child the boy with the bluest eyes she has ever seen, joined her in her dreams, to rescue her from her worst nightmares or even just to spend some peaceful and relaxing time with her. They never met, but their souls know each other so well anyway. So one day, when their paths finally crossed, they knew they were meant to be.). Then to bandathebillie for the videos of the Kupala festival in Poland. They were the inspiration for this drabble :) and to the awesome, incredible dandelion-sunset, who beta-ed this so well (and trust me, there were a TON of mistakes !) okay, okay, to the story, shall we ? I'm thegirlfromoverthepond on tumblr Reviews, kudos and comments make my day :)