of herb-lore and healing, of quiet walks and meals shared in a garden. And for you," she said softly. "For you at my side, and in my arms, I long most of all." Peeta met her eyes, his own wide with disbelief and wonder, and found he could scarcely draw breath. "Katniss," he whispered. " Lle mela amin. Anwa ri'il anwa? " He put the words to her in the Elven tongue, that she might not understand, and make her refusal a gentler thing. And she was not a lady fluent in the tongues of Elves, and yet she did not hesitate. " Anwa ," she whispered in reply. Peeta was filled with a joy so exquisite that tears came to his eyes, and with a small cry, he caught Katniss by the waist, bent his face to hers and kissed her fiercely, over and over again. And she laughed against his mouth – a sound more full of gladness than any ever before heard in that place – and curled her arms about his neck, and kissed him in return, scarcely pausing for breath. When at last their kisses waned, they did not move apart but stood as they had lain those four nights in Katniss's chamber: arms wound about each other, and the young Steward's forehead pressed to the bow-maiden's. " Dúlinn ," he sighed, and the word was a caress. "Katniss – can this be true?" "I have loved you since our first meal in this garden," she told him, smiling truly now, and the beauty of her face, made radiant in bliss, was almost blinding. "Since you gave me the sop of honey-bread, and carved my portion and yours together." And she drew his head down a little to press her cheek to his. "I have loved the longer, I think," he said, and his voice brimmed with merriment. "For I loved you the moment you first stood before me, dressed in my boyhood garb, with your hair in two plaits instead of one." And he brought a hand to her temple and buried his fingers in her hair, now gloriously unbound and woven through with gold. "I thought you did not want me," she confessed, and leaned longingly into his touch. "For though you spoke of love, still you offered me leave to go, and avenues abundant, and did not bid me stay. And I despaired, for I could not bear to be parted from you, even a little ways." "I had never wanted you more," he replied, embracing her tightly to him, "nor wished less to be parted from you. But I would not hold you against your will." "My will is to remain with you always," she said, "if you will have me, Steward of Gondor." "When the King returns, that office shall be ended, and the White City no longer my home," he told her. "But I know a place of quiet meadows and flowered glades, fit for herbcraft and healing, just as you longed for. Ithilien it is, and we shall make our home there, if so you wish it, and plant a garden in every fallow space." At this Katniss laughed again, and it was a sound bright and musical and full of joy. "I should like that above all things," she answered, and drew back a little to meet Peeta's eyes. "My mother was a healer among the Eorlingas, and I should delight to practice her craft in a time of peace." "But I would not have you forsake your bow," he said suddenly, and his countenance was drawn with concern. "For I am told you are uncommon skilled, greater far than my own Rangers." "Neither had I offered so to do," she replied, grinning like a child, "It pleases me that my small skills are of note to the Steward of Gondor, though I fear he sets much store by the tales of Holbytla maids." At this he took her left arm in his hands and, turning back the sleeve, raised it to his lips, pressing tender kisses down the length of her forearm. "When your arm is fully knitted once more, I shall secure for you a new bow," he promised. "Elven-made, no matter how rare and costly. And all of Gondor shall marvel – " "Yea, that their wise young Steward was taken in by a dark huntress of the North," she said, though she smiled widely, and her silver eyes danced. "Even so," he agreed, and kissed her again. Some moments later they came before the Warden, breathless with joy; their hands, dusky and fair, interwoven between them. "The Lady Katniss is healed," Peeta told him. "And thus I request she be discharged from your keeping." "She was healed long ago, lord," the Warden said, for though an aged man, his eyes were keen. "I, in my turn, commend her to your care. Love and keep her as you have done, and never Shadow shall part you." Then he kissed the Lady Katniss's brow, and Lord Peeta's, and declared them both free of his charge. And together the Steward and the bow-maiden departed the Houses of Healing. Author's Note: I am in no way a Tolkien scholar nor any sort of expert in "the tongues of Elves," but according to my research, heledir is the Sindarin word for "kingfisher." I wanted a name for Aragorn!Finnick that would correspond with Strider; a name that Merry!Prim would refer to him by, having known him thus first. A kingfisher is a small, brightly colored bird, skilled at swooping/diving to catch fish, and my idea of a reasonably clever nod to both Finnodair's Ranger origins (an adept swimmer and fisherman) and his future as King. :D Dúlinn is a Sindarin word for "nightingale," which seems both an image that dark, lovely-voiced Katniss would evoke and an appropriate term of endearment for Gondorian!Peeta to call her. For more fic-related geekery, come visit me at porchwood dot tumblr dot com. :D