walking her slowly towards the bed. She let him lay her down gently on the quilt, stepping back to look at her with hungry eyes, bathing her skin in the fever of his look, almost reverence. He joined her on the bed, placing himself close to her, so he could still look into her eyes, while his hands started playing their sonata on her skin. A touch here, a caress there to discover her body, to learn her ways, her moans and sighs. Until his lips came into play, nipping, kissing, and licking, savoring and devouring, touching and tasting, and she began to sing. He was relentless, as if he was a thirsty man whose only source of water was her skin, quenching himself on her sweat and juices, on the sweet noises she was making, on the touch of her hands, mapping his own skin. She almost screamed when he found that her nipples were sensitive to the touch of his lips, so much that she couldn't help but move her head from left to right as he went on, taking his time to make her come undone. Over and over. Until she felt his hand come under the soft fabric of her panties, taking its time to part her and slowly, oh so slowly, starting to dance there. Caressing and discovering, touching and mapping, until she lost her sense of reality, until she reached the stars, high above in the sky. But the need was still there, she realized when she came back, a need deeper than she could tell, that only he could fill. She quickly got rid of his belt, freeing him from his now too-tight jeans, until he was next to her, clad only in his boxers. But it was still too much clothing for Katniss. She wanted Peeta naked, now. She wanted to feel his skin on hers, his warmth in her, his words from his lips whispering to her, in the cool of the night, in the warmth of the bed. Katniss helped him get out of his underwear, before putting her lips on his, drinking from him now that he was satiated. Her hands starting their own discovery of his body until she felt him pulse in her hand, but it wasn't enough. She laid down on the soft white quilt, urging him to come over, come closer, come into her, and finally, finally - time stopped. They were joined together. Linked together intimately, the feeling so good neither could tell where one started and the other ended. It didn't matter, they were one when they started moving to a rhythm known only to them. She followed his movement, her hips in sync with Peeta's pelvis, and she felt it, the burning sensation starting in her toes, climbing up her spine, warming her body, creating a ball of lava inside her belly that was about to explode. She could tell Peeta was close too, the way his breathing hitched, raspy and raw, until a primal sound started out of his chest, and she felt herself letting go, the ball exploding, stars falling around her, and completion overcame her. She woke up to the music of the wind in the curtains, an arm around her, cradling her belly in a gentle embrace. There was an orange on the table. Her dress was abandoned on the rug. Katniss was lying in his bed. She could feel the cold of the night surrounding them through the windows, the warmth of his body breathing next to her. Sweet present of the present. "Katniss?" A voice coming from somewhere invaded her head, invaded her body, bringing her back to the here and now - the classroom, with Peeta sitting in front of her. His cheeks were red, and Katniss realized she was feeling hot too - as if … as if … Her hands reached her cheeks, and she felt them warm under her palm. Peeta couldn't seem to meet her eyes. It took her a few minutes to realize she had never been to the cabin, that she had never left the confines of the Heavensbee Tower. She just had a sex dream about her teacher. In front of him, nonetheless. Peeta finally cleared his throat, bringing Katniss's attention back to him. "Well, I think you understood the poem." He said, a small smile lifting the corner of his mouth. She was hopelessly speechless. What could she possibly say to save the situation? Her instincts were screaming to run away, but something deeper and stronger was urging her to stay and listen to him. He cleared his throat, again as if he was trying to find the words that were lost there. Maybe they were. "I was wondering… well, if you want…" The usually well spoken Mr. Mellark was seemingly at a loss for what to say, as she was. "We could say "tu" to each other, instead of "vous", maybe?" he tried, the look of disbelief on his face clearly showing this wasn't what he wanted to ask. 'Tu' or the familiar way of addressing someone, instead of the very formal 'vous'. The request took her by surprise as Peeta had always been insistent on building a barrier between him and his students. She wouldn't be able to explain for a long time what prompted her to ask the phrase that would change both their lives. "Maybe after you buy me a drink or two?" *Alicante, a poem by Jacques Prévert, extract from Paroles. Translation (by yours truly) An orange on the table Your dress on the carpet And you in my bed Sweet present of the present Cool of night Warmth of my life. My huge and deepest thanks to Xerxia and Ct522 for being amazing friends and having enough patience to beta my writing :) This poem is an all time favorite of mine ;) I'm thegirlfromoverthepond on tumblr :) If you liked, please leave a little review :) you'll make my day!