well, I think," he said as though she had not spoken, grinning. "The cidering kind, for the nights are growing cold, as are your toes in my bed." "I think I know a manner or two of warming your bed, old man," she bantered back, raising a silver brow playfully. "With or without cider." They kissed again, a lingering, leisurely kiss of winding arms and easeful sighs that had in it all the time in the world, then the princess turned again to depart, this time with an impish swat on her backside from her husband. But she had not taken more than five steps into the wood when her eyes lighted on Death, himself not twenty paces from their garden gate, a bouquet of white roses in his hands. The princess stilled as she met the eyes of her unexpected visitor, but her expression was neither fearful nor angry. If anything, she seemed quietly put-out. Can you not come another day? her silver eyes asked. For my husband wants cider, and my son may come to call, and for supper we shall have rabbit stew and pumpkin tarts, and later warm each other in our little cot, head-to-foot, with kisses. Death returned her gaze with tears in his hollow eyes, and he gave the feather-gowned princess the sort of bow one reserves for the Queen of a great nation. He let the roses fall to the forest floor, and at once they took root and became living blossoms of gentle fragrance. Then, with a nod of salute to the prince, who did not see him, Death turned his back and departed from them forever. Some say that when Death turned his back, the prince and his wife became young again, and remained so forever. Others believe they simply aged no further, but remained always as he had left them: gray and weathered somewhat, but otherwise hale and hearty. One thing, however, is certain: if ever you wander a wildwood thick with apple trees and heavy with birdsong, in due time you will come upon a great hedge of white roses, whose fragrance seems the very breath of Heaven. Behind that hedge, should your venture be so bold, you will find a cottage, ancient and yet untouched by time, the home of a prince who loves birds and the woman who became one for his sake. It is unlikely that you shall see them, for in the centuries that have come and gone, their cottage has become something of a rabbit warren, ever expanding with new nooks and crannies, and the couple themselves shy of company, save for each other's. But you will know they are there by the smell of fresh bread and paint-pots, and the dozens of birds that line the windowsills. And if you are very, very lucky, you may even catch an echo of the rarest prize in a thousand woods: a voice like silver and gold, like apple blossoms and honeysuckle and green leaves bright with dew, singing folk songs and love songs and, every now and again, a silly cuckoo-song, chorused on all sides by the name of Peeta , as the princess who once was a mockingjay chimes the beating of her heart. Author's Note: I have long wanted to write "The Nightingale" as a love story where the kitchen maid loves the Emperor and becomes the nightingale for his sake, and when applied to Everlark, this fit beautifully. The characters of the Emperor (here, the prince), the kitchen maid, the nightingale, Death, and the lord-in-waiting (here, the lord high chamberlain) are original to the fairy tale, as are the silly courtiers and, indeed, the clockwork bird. I'm very much a fan of nameless (but, one hopes, clearly identifiable!) characters, especially in a fic such as this, but as some readers might be uncertain, the cast of this story is as follows: Peeta and Katniss are, of course, the prince and the kitchen maid/mockingjay-maid. Peeta's father is the King, Peeta's mother the wicked Queen, and of course, Marko and Luka are the elder princes (and written as close to my personal headcanon as I could manage in the context). Snow is Death and was fascinating to write as such. Greasy Sae is the hedgewitch, Rooba the cook (stout, boisterous, and kind), and Haymitch the gruff armsmaster. Seneca Crane (always a delight in AUs!) is the foppish lord high chamberlain, Beetee the gray little clockmaker, and Johanna the dark-eyed courtier who marries the second prince (Luka - I might ship them in AUs, just a bit). The dairymaid who weds the eldest (Marko) is from an old headcanon of mine, but if I ever get back to working on "Something Good," you'll learn more about her. Rue is an American kestrel or sparrow hawk, imported to the wildwood for this story, as it's smaller and "cuter" than the common or European kestrel. :D (Though I once went on a Hawk Walk in the English Lake District where a female American kestrel was part of the programme, so I think there's precedent for an American kestrel in Europe. ;D) My family once took care of a young male kestrel, and he was about the size of a small parrot and very affectionate (downright cuddly!) with beautiful markings. And I can very easily see Peeta, a la "the prince who loved birds," preferring such a small and friendly falcon. Peeta and Katniss's second child is named after the plump, friendly European robin, which is (again) smaller and cuter than its well-known American counterpart (which is, in fact, a thrush). :D Said European robin is also the inspiration behind Katniss's "robin" feather gown, hence its muted gray-brown and orange. Finally: thank you a thousand times for reading this very precious story. This piece hit me deeper than anything I've ever written before (I cried when I first reread the completed fic and have teared up several times since), and I would dearly love to hear your thoughts.