speechless, as usual when she argued with Peeta and he calmly destroyed every single one of her arguments. "Okay. I'll go. But on one condition." "I'm not dating Mrs F's granddaughter." "Well, god forbid. I'll go, but you'll have to tell this girl what you feel about her. Deal?" Katniss held her hand over the counter. It took Peeta only a few seconds to wipe his hand on his apron and shake hers, agreeing on their bet. "Now, can I have cheese buns, cinnamon rolls and donuts?" "Sure. And let me add a little something for you to test. You'll tell me if I can should it okay?" The sun was slowly going down on the trees of the park. Leaves, once beautiful, yellow and crispy were now faded and full of water, half torn or destroyed under the thick blanket of snow spread on the alleys. The pond was a few yards away, after the curve on Katniss's right, far away and yet so close. She looked around, making sure there were plenty of people strolling the cobblestone of the park, kids laughing, trying to make snowballs and throw them at their parents, who were busy trying to avoid them, or chasing the dogs playing in the snow. People around – check. Time – check. Three minutes to go. Weapon – check. Just in case, she had a pepper spray. Courage - Slowly fading away. She didn't know why she feared to take these last steps. The only thoughts she had after leaving the bakery were of Peeta's mysterious interest. How could she have missed her long-time friend had something in sight. How could he not tell her? Did she become such a stranger to him that he didn't want to share his life with her? And why did it bother so damn much that he wanted to date someone? It wasn't as if they were going to end up together, right? The bell of the church rang four times in the background. Katniss squared her shoulders, took a deep breath, and walked the remaining feet towards the pond. On the bench, in front of it, a man was sitting, a leather jacket on, under which a green hoodie was hiding his hair. His hands were stuffed in his pockets. She wondered if she should be the one to talk, because obviously, talking wasn't her forte. "You're almost late, Katniss." She knew this voice. No. It coudn't be. She started walking forward, closer to the bench, trying to gather clues, to help her sort out this Cluedo in front of her. "No, don't move, I need to talk to you first." She heard an intake of breath before the voice started again. "I'm sorry if I frightened you, really. It wasn't my goal." She really knew this tone, this deep baritone… "But you're such a Grinch, and I wanted to show you the good side of Christmas, when people care for you. And I figured it was quite time to tell you how I felt." She smiled, a warmth spreading through her body. "I've loved you, really loved you for a long time, Katniss. At first, I thought it was just what friends were supposed to feel, but with time, it became deeper, and stronger. I needed to tell you, Katniss, and I want you to know I'll be here for you in whatever way you want me to be." She came closer to the bench, took her glove out of her right hand, and put it over the hood that covered the mop of blonde hair she knew so well. "It's okay Peeta. I don't want you out of my life ever." He faced her, rising from his sitting position, his blue eyes shining in the afternoon light. "What do you mean, Katniss? You knew it was me?" "Yeah, just now when you called me Grinch…." "You're mad at me?" She thought for a while, her eyes closed. "I thought I was, but no. You're too damn kind." "Kat, I'm sorry, I know I shouldn't have said these things to you without warning, but –" Her lips shut his. They were cold, as he probably arrived early, a bit chapped but so plump and delicious. Right after she started kissing him, when her lips were on his, she understood why, why she couldn't stand seeing him with some other girl, whether she was blonde, red-headed or a brunette like she was. She got it. She was the one he was thinking about. He was the one she hoped would send her gifts for Christmas, the one who would spend all her Chritmases with her, as a family. And maybe, one day, build their own family. She lingered on his lips, discovering their design, how they formed a little crevice on the top, let her tongue find out his weak spots to try to gain an entrance into his mouth, feeling the urge to taste his tongue, to discover more of him. She felt drunk, her senses overwhelmed in the smell that made him Peeta – the lingering odor of the bakery, and something more, something that was so him she would have recognized it anywhere. She never wanted to be deprived of this smell, she realized. Her hands climbed up his arms, and he shivered when she touched the skin of his neck with her bare fingers, before they found the warmth of his hair again. She felt his sliding along her ribcage until they settled on her hips, dragging her in his embrace. He was the warmth to her cold, the sun to her moon, the ying to her yang. The missing piece of her soul she gave up on finding so many years ago. They kissed until the first rays of the moon touched them. If you liked this story (and want to see more) please leave a small comment. What can I say, it does our writing hearts so good ... I'm thegirlfromoverthepond on tumblr.