angry with Peeta. And somehow, she can't be angry with herself, because she wouldn't take this back. It's an odd feeling for her. Feeling hurt with nothing to regret, nothing to blame. She likes Peeta. She can't regret him. "We can see each other again, while I'm still in town," he tells her quietly, his fingers skimming over the ridges of her braid. "Tomorrow night. The night after that. If we keep winning… I could be here over the weekend, Katniss. We can see each other then. I don't want…" He doesn't have to finish. She braids her fingers in the soft down at the nape of his neck, and his jaw hardens as he gazes down at her, his smile twisted with ache. "I'll see you again, Katniss." It sounds too much like a question. She's never been good at praying, but in this moment, she prays he's right. They exchange phone numbers, followed by a quick kiss, and then one more, and then two, before he opens the car door for her to slide in. She rolls down the window, and he bows over for a moment, his hand reaching out to tuck a stray strand of hair behind her ear. When he leans in to press his lips to hers one more time, she murmurs into his mouth, "Stay with me." When he pulls back, he offers her a sad smile, and unlike nearly every other moment they've spent together, he takes to silence. Her eyes are stinging, her throat thick and throbbing as she revs the engine and pulls out. Although she can see him watching her through her peripheries, she refuses to look at him, her entire resolve turning to stone. If she catches those eyes one more time, she'll shatter all over again, and Katniss will do anything to avoid such a fate. However, as she's exiting the parking lot, she does spare him one glance through the review mirror, and although he's since helped Finnick off the pavement, his body is still angled toward the sedan. He gives her a half-wave, much like the one he'd gifted her with at the ballpark, and she can't help but feel an inkling of hope that he'll surprise her again, like he had tonight. That he'll keep surprising her. That he'll keep coming back. She's not accustomed to operating under hope, but for Peeta, she figures it's worth a shot. As they drive down the darkened street, Johanna stirs at her side. "I may be drunk, but I'm not deaf." "Go to sleep, Jo." Deliberately defying Katniss's directive, Johanna shifts in her seat, straightening up a little. "I heard everything back there. You're not a quiet kisser, you know." "Shut up." Through the corner of her eyes, Katniss can see Johanna smiling. "The boy likes you," she sighs. Her heart aches and leaps simultaneously. How is that possible? She doesn't say anything, but oddly, her silence seems so inappropriate now. A thick quiet fills the car, but eventually, Johanna punctures it with a low chuckle. "You can thank me now, you know." "Hmm?" "For setting this whole shebang up," she laughs, following up with a hiccup. "I told Peeta where I'd be taking you, and that's why he was there. Because of me, Kat. Call me Cupid." Katniss squares her jaw. "There are a lot of other names I could call you, too, you know, and none of them are so kind." "Stop acting like you have a stick up your butt, Katniss," she slurs, her words slightly dragged together. "You had a good time tonight. I know you did. You kept laughing with Peeta and you never laugh, Katniss. Never." A ghost of a smile traces over her lips, but she says nothing. "I know it's a little sad that you'll never see him again after next week—" Katniss winces—"but it's okay. You had a good time tonight, Katniss. You let your hair down—well, figuratively. I think your hair is permanently yanked up in that tight little braid of yours, but… you know…" She frowns. "What was I saying?" Katniss lets out a humorless chuckle. "It doesn't matter." Johanna, suddenly confused, slumps back in her seat. After a few moments, she belches loudly, finally continuing on her previous train of thought. "All I'm saying, Brainless, is that it's going to be alright. You were brave and you opened up to someone you would normally shove right into a pile of mud and I think that's a pretty damn big step in the right direction, don't you? You're growing, Kitty-Kat." "Don't call me that." "Then smile, Katniss. You met a pretty stellar dude tonight who thinks you're just the bees knees. There's hope for you." Katniss turns her head briefly to give her a grotesquely fake smile, and Johanna just laughs, sagging even further. Within a minute, she's snoring. Even though Johanna is an annoying drunk, she's never been short of insight, and despite her desire to toss everything her friend had said aside, she can't. Johanna was right. Even though Katniss will walk away from this night alone, with nothing but a phone number tethering her to Peeta Mellark, she can't regret a single second of it. Not when she met someone who made her smile, helped her break her shell, and taught her how to hope. As the stars sweep over the roof of her car, and her friend stirs quietly in the passenger's seat, Katniss feels her shoulders relax. She touches her lips and finds a smile there. The grossly overdue second part will be arriving within the next couple of days! I'm cross-posting to AO3, but the version of part 2 I'll be posting there will probably be rated 'M.' I'll stay true to the rating I originally posted on this site, though, and keep the one here all nice and wholesome. It's up to you which one you read. :) In the meantime, come find me on Tumblr at the-peeta-pocket !