of my skin as I force myself to pull back, cheeks wet and body trembling. But I have to do this. This is allowing me to be with Prim again. Shouldn't I be rejoicing? That after only a year and a half, I'm allowed to come back to Twelve unscarred? Well, I suppose I never planned on falling in love. That sure as hell complicates things. Before I can do something rash like plead for Peeta to take me in again, I turn on my heels, padding toward the train. But each step feels like a punch in the gut after another, the ache in my core only spiking with the more space I put between us. This is what I have to do, but as I reach the steps leading up to the train, I realize that it's something that I simply can't. So I freeze. I pivot. Peeta's still standing there, overseeing my goodbye, his expression so painfully crushed that it seals the deal. "Come with me, Peeta." 11. The Ending "I'd help with the dishes, but I've got about twenty million hours of homework to get done," Prim says as she dumps her empty plate in the sink. And then she kisses me on the cheek, flouncing off into the living room. I shake my head and chuckle under my breath, scooting out from the table to make my way to the sink. I hear the squeal of another chair against the tile, and heavy, lopsided footsteps behind me, and then a warm hand on my waist as I hover over the pile of dishes. "I guess it's just you and me," Peeta announces, pressing a kiss to my cheek. "That's probably a good thing. We're pretty productive when it's just the two of us." He turns on the tap, using a fork to scrape the gravy remnants from one of the plates. "What can I say? We make a good team." I nudge his hip with mine, and he mimics my action. It's only been four months since I brought Peeta back to Twelve with me, but his company feels so customary already that I wonder if he's belonged here all along. Prim has no difficulty treating him like an older brother, and Mom seems to forget he isn't her actual son. We all upgraded to a slightly larger house when Peeta and I arrived, one with a room allocated just for us, although we're not home often. Within three weeks of moving, Peeta had already bought an old, timeworn shop in the merchant quarter and renovated it into a bakery. Although he still does all of the baking, there are consistently things for me to do, allowing me to spend my work days with him. His company is a luxury I could've never predicted needing in the way I do. Some nights, while I fall asleep with his arms securing me to him, I find myself wondering how I got here. Luck had never been on my side until Peeta, but it consistently seems to favor us now. As we do the dishes, he leans over to dot my nose with another kiss. "Have I ever told you how thankful I am you dragged me to Twelve with you?" "Daily," I say with a snort. "But if I remember correctly, you came pretty willingly." The only thing keeping him back was his Capitol bakery, but even that was a loose end that was practically too easy to tie. "Can you blame me?" He flicks some suds at my arm, and I splash him back, dampening his grey t-shirt. He steps away from the dishes, a dangerous glint in his eyes as he pulls me to him with soapy hands, tickling my waist. I let out a sharp giggle and try to twist away, but Peeta's stronger, and he pins me against the counter, fingertips dancing relentlessly along my sides until I'm desperately gasping for air. "You win!" I concede with deep, labored breaths, and he chuckles, pecking my cheek. When we're finished with the dishes and clad in our pajamas, we curl up on the sofa, watching the fire crackle at our toes. The warmth of the embers seems to ribbon us together, the woodsy scent from the flames transporting me back to the night we'd come to Twelve, kneeling by the fire as we each dipped a small heel of bread into the flames. Before, our marriage had seemed like only a technicality. Now, it was real. Everything was real. He takes my feet into his lap, working his knuckles across the aching soles. "Are they feeling any better today?" he asks, nodding at my swollen ankles. I shrug, mostly because he'll continue to rub my feet if I don't answer. His hands soothe the mild ache there, and I recline, leaning my head against the arm of the sofa. We're quiet for a short while, our eyes both lost in the flickering color of the fire, before he inhales. "I hope she's a girl." I look to the bulky curve of my belly, the one that seems to grow every damn day, and then to him. "Why?" Still focusing on the fire, Peeta quirks the corner of his mouth a little, forming the soft grin I love so much. I hope the baby has his smile. Finally, his gaze flickers to me. "I want her to be exactly like her mom." I snort. "Stubborn? Awkward?" "Strong," he corrects. "Brave. Beautiful ." I try to hide my smile, and as he leans over to place a gentle kiss to the curve of my belly, the only thing I can think of is how could I have come to be so lucky, and how this, all of this, can possibly be so wonderfully and beautifully real. All mistakes were mine. Come talk to me on Tumblr at the-peeta-pocket , where you can ask me for drabbles that hopefully won't get as carried away as this.