the games and put this horrible world behind me. Be reunited with my family. I took a shower, put on clean clothes and headed back to the dining hall for dinner. Aviana and Haymitch were already there but Ashton was nowhere in sight. "Ramona come side down dear." Aviana says. "We just started eating." "Aviana and I were discussing whether or not you and Ashton will be wanting to train together or separately" Haymitch says. "You know you are far luckier than most." Aviana says. "You and Ashton are the first tributes to have a mentor who has actually been in the games." "So do you have a preference Ramona?" Haymitch says. "Together or separately?" "I already told you I don't need you to train me." I say. "Go ahead and focus on Ashton. He has a better chance at winning then I could ever have." "Do you really mean that?" Ashton says from behind me. I turn to look at him. "Yes," I say. "I have no chance at winning. And you're a very large person. I'm sure you will do great in the games. The perfect show for the Capitol." I talk with no emotions on my face or in my voice. I was simply stating fact. I turn back to my food and start eating. Ashton comes and sits down in the empty seat beside me and starts eating. Ashton and I eat in silence with Haymitch and Aviana rambling on about the games. After I finish eating I just sit there for a while until I notice that Ashton is staring at me. I look at him. "What?" I say. "Nothing," He says turning away from me and back at his food. "I'm going to my room for the night," I say standing. No one objects but twenty or so minutes later I'm still in these weird clothes the Capitol laid out for me when there's a knock at the door. I go over to answer it and its Ashton. "Hey," He says looking at me with these big hazel eyes that he has. "Can I come in?" "Sure," I say moving out of the way for him to come in. "Is there something you want?" "Yes actually," He says sitting down on my bed. He pats the bed next to him and says. "Come sit." "Okay…" I say. I sit next to him. He has this crooked smile on face when I sit down. "So… What do you want?" "Why don't you want Haymitch to train you?" He asks. "I already told you." I say. "I can't win." "But how can you say that if you've never tried?" He asks. "Because I can't win and I don't want to win." I say. "I don't want to be used for entertainment. The games are entertainment for the Capitol and a punishment for the Districts and that's all they are. And besides no one needs me back home. There are other tributes who have families they have to get home to. I don't" "So you're doing this because you didn't want that girl who was reaped back home to die?" He asks. "Because that's… really brave." I couldn't help it. I didn't quiet smile. It was more of smirk. "Are you… smiling?" He asks with this triumph in his voice. I quickly wipe the smile off my face. "No" I say. I glare at him. "Don't tell anyone okay?" "I promise," He says. "But you know, you have a very beautiful smile, Ramona." "You can call me Ray if you want," I say. I'm back to my usual self. No emotion. Back in control. "My foster-brother used to call me that." "'Used' to?" He asks. "He was reaped for the Hunger Games a few years ago," I say. Keeping my emotions in line even though it was killing me keeping them inside. Thinking about Cole made me sad. No matter the circumstances. He was the only one left who cared about me. Who thought that I mattered in this world. And he was taken away from me. Just like my parents. He died in the bloodbath. He never stood a chance. I was ten when he went into the Games. Promising me he would come home to me. He was 16 at the time. I could only imagine how he felt about me being in the Hunger Games now. He hated the idea of the Games just as much as I did. But because I volunteered I thought he would be mad. If he was here. He would tell me how much my life meant to the world and how it wouldn't be the same without me. He'd be wrong. The world didn't need me. The world didn't want me. "I'm so sorry," He says putting his arm around me. I didn't really want it there but I let him comfort me anyway. I didn't need to be comforted any more. That was four years ago. He wouldn't want me to be upset forever. "That was a long time ago," I say. "Nothing I can do about it now." He took his arm off my shoulder and looked at me. "Some of my friends call me Ash," He says. "You can call me that too, if you want." I didn't understand the feeling in my stomach that came when he told me I could call him Ash. I knew what emotions were and I've felt them all before. I just didn't show them. But this, this felt different somehow. "Okay Ash," I say. He has this little smirk on his face when I call him that. "Do you want anything else?" "No, I guess not," He says. Obviously sad to see that I wanted him to leave. "I'll see you tomorrow then?" "Yes," I say. We both stand. "Tomorrow." He left the room with that smirk on his face. It was only 8:00pm but I was tired so I got ready for bed and went to sleep.