knew that she wouldn't be able to live without him from now on. He was watching her, a hesitant happiness in his eyes when she beamed at him and tackled him back onto the bed, her mouth devouring his hungrily. This was right, this was natural. Those kisses for the Capitol's cameras were nice, but always more than a little forced. Kissing Peeta shouldn't be forced, but just like this: natural, passionate, hungry. And fun. And right. But most importantly, kissing Peeta should be a private affair. Peeta pulled away shortly and stared up at her, wide-eyed and breathing heavily. "What are you doing? Don't… don't do this just… just to… You have to convince Snow. Not me. I know. I know how you feel. You don't have to… I know it's just for show." Katniss leaned forward, lips seeking his, trying to bush off his protest, but he put a firm hand on her shoulder, holding her back. "You're not doing me any favors, Katniss," he said, his voice sounding pained. "I don't want this. I want it to be real. There are no cameras around." "I don't want the cameras to see this, Peeta. This isn't for them. It's for you and for me." She pushed against his hand and leaned in to kiss him again. "You don't know how I feel." "Katniss," he mumbled against her lips, rolling away from her, but she chased after him with her mouth, latched onto his throat and hummed in question. Peeta groaned and wrapped his arms around her waist. "K-Katniss. Is this real? Do you love me?" Katniss pulled away this time to regard him carefully, grey eyes boring into timid pools of blue. "Real," she whispered, her voice even quieter than a whisper. She kissed him again. "Real. Real. Real." Moisture gathered in his eyes and, while Katniss was pretty sure most guys would try to disguise their emotions, Peeta seemed to revel in them. He beamed and threw himself forward across the mattress, his body crashing into hers and toppling them both over sideways so Katniss was pinned to the mattress by his body, Peeta's lips attacking her own voraciously. And so a new routine was born. Katniss was freer with her affections around those closest to them: Prim, Haymitch, her mother. She allowed Peeta to kiss her whenever he felt like it and she even initiated a kiss or two in broad daylight. While it had once only been an act, their relationship was suddenly very real. Only, not to the one person who felt he had more authority in their relationship than the two young lovers did themselves. That much became clear to Katniss and Peeta, as well as everyone else in all of Panem, when President Snow made the Quarter Quell announcement, condemning the country's precious Star-Crossed Lovers to death in another Arena. That night, Katniss didn't even bother to pretend to go to sleep in her own home, but went home with Peeta. They clung to each other all night, neither of them sleeping until Peeta slipped under right at the break of dawn. Katniss waited for his breathing to level out and slipped out of bed quietly. She didn't bother with her hunting jacket or boots, didn't stop to retrieve her bow from the hollowed-out tree. She didn't stop until she found what she was looking for, and then she dropped to her knees and began to gather something into her cupped hand. By the time she returned to Peeta's house, the sun was high in the sky and Peeta was beside himself with worry. "Where have you been?!" he exclaimed, jumping up from the kitchen table and rushing to stand before her as soon as she walked through the door. "I was worried you had given up." Katniss didn't speak, but leaned up to kiss him firmly. "I was gathering," she said when she finally pulled away. Peeta stared at her oddly and Katniss held out her cupped hand to show him. He paled at the sight that met him and covered her hand with his own. "Kat. What-?" "I can't, Peeta." She shook her head. "I can't do it again. I know what will happen. He'll kill them all. Everyone we love. Right before we go in. And we'll see it happen. And then he'll kill you and make me live with it right up until the end. He may even make sure that I win, just so I can suffer through it, knowing that I caused the death of every single person I have ever loved. I can't." Peeta nodded, shell-shocked. He uncovered her hand and moved his so that it was beneath hers. Katniss just stared at him, so he took his other hand and tipped hers so that half of the ripe berries poured into his waiting hand. "I love you," he whispered. They raised their hands to chest level. "I know," she said. Peeta's eyes held such a hopeless sadness that her heart would have broken if it hadn't already. "I love you, too." As one, they lifted their hands to level with their lips. "Our way," she whispered. Her eyes began to sting with unshed tears. "Together," he said, his voice breaking as a tear leaked out of the corner of his left eye. They joined their free hands and dumped the berries into their mouths. Forced to be partners in life, together they became partners in death. It was an act born not of rebellion, but of love and hopelessness. And yet, a successful rebellion was born out of the deaths of the nation's two most beloved Victors. Thanks for reading, guys! This was my submission to PiP round three, day 1. I meant to upload this here a LONG time ago, but I completely forgot about it. Hope you guys enjoyed it, even though it's not the most cheerful thing ever! You can follow me on Tumblr if you wish! My username is ilikewatchingyousleep.