rhythmically in and out of her at that place where she's so very small, but she kisses him – his lips, his brow, his temple, mostly, as he bears down over her – and after a full minute or two of this she feels herself easing around him. He whimpers and begins to push faster in response, and the friction of him sliding in and out of her starts to feel good . Strangely good, in a flushed, breathless, almost uncomfortable sort of way. She feels him swell and tremor inside her. "Katniss!" he moans loudly. " Schatje! " He bursts inside her with a warm spurt of liquid – so deep, surely at her womb – and collapses over her, his golden body hot and heavy and slick with sweat. She wonders if this is how it feels for the field at planting time. The sharp, invasive stroke of the plough piercing virgin soil; the steady, almost pleasurable friction of the blade digging its furrow; and finally the wet burst of seed, filling the fertile hollow. She feels sore and sticky and utterly magnificent. " Schatje ?" she whispers, smiling, against his damp forehead. " Mijn schatje ," he murmurs, nuzzling her breast. His wife, predictable as the little rooster she so reminds him of, wakes at sunrise the following day. They're meant to go downstairs, to give every member of the farm and household staff a measure of roasted grain and baked sweets on the morn of their first day as man and wife. It's a Mellark wedding tradition - one he despises at this particular moment. She slips from his arms as she rises from the bed, nimble and nude, and goes to retrieve her shift and wedding dress. He stares appreciatively for a long moment, for in the course of their lovemaking he'd had precious little time simply to look at her, then he leans over the edge of the bed to reach his discarded wedding shirt and toss it to her. She raises a brow but slides the garment over her head. A generous fit on him; it hangs to her knees. "Shall I simply add a belt and stockings?" she teases, turning about for his admiration. He catches her knees in his big hands and tugs her playfully back onto the bed, and she yelps in surprise then squirms as his hands slide down to her ankles, spreading her legs wide. He languidly scales the inner side of one lean, dusky leg with his lips, tucking up the hem of his shirt when it gets in the way, and finds that he doesn't want to stop at her thigh. He doesn't know what to do, or even if he should; he nuzzles experimentally at the patch of black curls between her legs and she gasps. "No?" he whispers, looking up to meet her eyes. " Yes, " she pleads, though she looks as lost as he. He fumbles carefully between her legs, not certain what to touch or how, and she tries to guide his fingers, quickly growing flushed with frustration and arousal. Together they find the tiny sweet pearl at the center of her that melts the muscles in her legs and he circles it with a gentle fingertip, enraptured by its effects. A feather-light brush makes her writhe and arch and grow deliciously slick beneath his fingers. With a groan almost of pain, he dips his head between her thighs and makes love to her with his mouth. She grips his hair by the roots and presses up against him, weeping with pleasure at the careful strokes of his tongue and the gentle suckling of his lips. The workers, many of them still in a potent cider-induced fog, wait patiently outside the house, placing increasingly ribald, if good-natured, bets. A veritable fortune changed hands at midnight when the young master called for hot water – to bathe the virgin's blood from his wife's thighs, of course. More than a few believed she'd come to him deflowered, and still others assumed that she'd lost her maidenhead to the young master on one of the fortnight of eves she'd lain in his bed. Little Rue had never said a word and the young mistress had been discreet about leaving the young master's room – indeed, none but Rue had ever seen her there – but a single breakfast tray bearing two cups of chocolate was more than sufficient to spark rumors. The workers are expecting their traditional grain and sweets, but they're in no hurry this morning. Every now and again they hear a moan or whimper from upstairs; pleasured sounds, both male and female, and even the pious among them smile a little, secretly, at the wedded bliss their good young master is, at last, so clearly enjoying. After all, if the young master likes to sleep with the windows open, who are they to complain? The young master's sun-bleached hair grows gold again in winter's darkness, and his summer tan fades to a pale, rosy cream. He paints his dark wife by firelight, clothed and otherwise, and makes her bread from his father's grain. By springtime her belly is round and full as a ewe's, though her limbs are lean and supple from the hard farm work she insists on sharing in as often as possible. He takes her to the orchard, and the perfumed air from the thousands of blossoms is dizzying. He lays out a familiar blanket of coarse wool, scatters it with a carpet of apple blossoms, and carefully makes love to her under the tree with their initials carved in its bark. Afterward, he rests his cheek on her belly and begs a lullaby for their child. She sings every last one she knows, stroking his soft hair as his tears spill onto her dusky skin. She takes the last of the wheat-patterned silk from the chest in their bedroom and begins a christening gown for their daughter.