– and even less to exploit them. That last night in her bedroom had been breathless and silent, characterized by tender, halting gestures. Katniss moved behind me to pull my tuxedo jacket from my shoulders but paused with it at my elbows, her hands tight around my arms, her cheek pressed to my back. She lingered in that position for nearly five minutes, matching the slow, even pace of my breath, before coming around me again, leaving my jacket at my elbows, to unbutton my waistcoat with unsteady fingers. Shadowy gray eyes held mine for a moment as she reached up to loosen my collar, her fingers light and cool against my neck, then her hands dropped, limp and purposeless, to her sides. I pulled off my jacket and set it aside, then carefully eased the black veil free of her intricate hairstyle. It fell to pool just below her shoulders; as I moved around her, I saw that it formed a cowl at the back of her gown. Somehow, unbinding her hair seemed too intimate a task, and so I brought my fingers instead to the stream of tiny buttons that traced her spine, encasing her in the black feather bodice. There was no one else to help her, after all. Grief and fear far superseded desire that night, but still I moaned with longing at the sight of her back – smooth olive skin, bare to the waist – as the unbuttoned bodice gaped open. I bent and pressed my face against her shoulder – the only indulgence I permitted myself that night – and my breath was shallow against her skin . I'll be back in a few minutes, I whispered, then disappeared into her bathroom. I needed to shower, needed to wash away the Capitol trappings of paint and powder and pomade – to be Peeta-the-baker's-son again, with my own fair skin and pale eyelashes and unruly thick hair, for whatever little time was left to me. I'd foolishly imagined I'd need the shower to cool down after being so near her body, but in fact, I spent almost the entire time crying, my face pressed to the cool tiled wall to muffle the sound. I rubbed a hand across my eyes and it came away smudged, bruiselike, with the black and dark blue of my eye makeup. I dried off with towels that smelled of her: the warm, soft scent of her skin so often buried beneath Capitol cosmetics, the scent I breathed in greedily whenever my face was pressed to her neck. I dressed in my undershirt and shorts and returned to the bedroom to find my Mockingjay bride in pajamas, perched at the head of the bed, waiting for me like any other night. Her hair had been unpinned and braided simply over one shoulder. She slipped off the bed at once and came to me, taking my face in her hands. I'd managed to stop crying before leaving the shower but knew my eyes were still red and my cheeks flushed from the salt of my tears. Do you wish it was true? she asked softly. Even with everything? I knew what she was referring to – our toasting, secret marriage, the baby – and I didn't need words to answer her. The silence between us – the intensity of grief-laden gazes – was eloquent enough. She knew I had been thinking about this on the roof as my lips formed the name Katniss Mellark . As my hand cradled her belly, aching for the swell of a fetus inside her, the kicks of its tiny foot. My elaborate, passionate lie before all of Panem was yet another sweeping gesture to save her life while granting myself an imaginary slice of happiness. She kissed me, hard and lingering, on the lips. Peeta…I'm so sorry… I shushed her with a kiss in return and gathered her against me. She still wore her delicate bridal makeup, and her hair was pungent with Capitol sprays and glosses, but the time in which I could leave her – let her leave me , even for a minute or two – was long past. I just want to spend every possible minute of the rest of my life with you , I'd told her two nights remaining minutes were suddenly few indeed. Lie down with me? I whispered. She nodded against my shoulder and tugged me over to the bed. As always, we fitted together with ease. My arms came around her, curling her in to my chest, and her warm breath fanned my skin through the thin undershirt as her arms held tightly to my back. This we knew, and did often, but instead of the tantalizing pressure of her leg over mine, I brought mine over hers, pulling her tighter against me, enveloping her body with the warmth and bulk of my own. This was how I would die, I imagined. Sheltering her with my body. With my love. "Peeta?" A gentle hand touches my shoulder, jarring me from my reverie. I blink back tears to look up at Nurse Nixon, the pleasanter of the two who accompanied me today, crouched beside me and wearing a sympathetic expression. "The hovercraft is here," she tells me. I nod in understanding, accepting her proffered hand and shoulder to get to my feet, and follow her up to the roof. Author's Note: The song Katniss sings is "I'll Twine 'Mid the Ringlets" (better known as "Wildwood Flower"), written in 1860 by Maud Irving. There are myriad different versions of the song in circulation, but I opted to use the original lyrics, save for the line "The pale oleander and violets so blue" at the end of the first stanza. There's an absurd amount of variation in the lyrics for that particular line, but as the oleander and violets version was mentioned in a reference to Appalachian folk music, I duly swapped them in for the "pale aronatus." :D