you could invite me over for dinner some time, given that you've concussed me." "Oh for goodness sake," she muttered. "Won't you go home?" Hazelle lowered the paddle. Whatever he was – lousy thief and more than likely a little simple – he probably couldn't do her any more harm than he'd done to himself by wandering into her yard. He shrugged. "Well, that's something of a problem, see – oh, shit!" The boy suddenly crouched beneath the crooked outhouse to her puzzlement, melting into the shadows by some instinct. Then light from the kitchen flooded the doorway, blinding her. Hazelle blinked painfully in the brightness as she turned around. … "Hazelle!" called a gruff voice that caused her heart to jump into her throat, even if she hadn't done anything wrong. "What's going on out there? I better not catch you with another one of them boys!" Hazelle's eyes widened despite the painful light. It figured the electricity would be up and running this night of all nights. At least she was already half numb with cold. It made it easier to face the man stumbling his way through the kitchen. "Doggonnit, where is your mother's paddle? I'm going to learn you both a lesson when I get out there," he bawled. "You're the easiest girl on this street." Hazelle's jaw tightens but there isn't a sign of embarrassment on her face as her father's voice echoed in the canyon effect caused by the rows of houses. "There isn't anyone out here but me," she said firmly. As if in warning, she hefted the paddle in the thief's direction, willing the boy to imagine it in the hands of someone taller, stronger and meaner than the girl in front of him. "I thought I heard an animal getting into my garden." A grunt from inside was followed by a tall, heavy-set shadow filling the doorway and blocking the light. The thief could see the grizzly ends of a long beard. "Well, get inside," Hazelle's father grumped, staring down at his daughter with eyes black-rimmed with coal dust than never seemed to wash off. "Ain't nothing here." "In a minute," she said, though meekly coming toward the door, though having no intention of leaving the boy alone with the vegetables. "I need to check something." Her father snorted, but turned away from the door, not bothering to hold the door for her. Hazelle stopped at the stoop, listening. They heard the heavy plod of feet over old boards and the slam of an interior door. Hazelle took a deep, steadying breath after what almost turned into a catastrophe, and then eyes the thief with disgust when he materialized below the stoop. … "Idiot," she muttered as soon as it was safe. The thief leaned against the side of the house, arms crossed. "So according to your dad, Hazelle ," he crooned with a smirk. Only now there was a thread of iron in his voice that spoiled the effect. "You meet a lot of guys out here? Maybe wander down to the slag heap?" The paddle cracked over his head that time and Hazelle feels a bud of satisfaction as the weight of the wood suddenly fell away in her hand. The thief cursed and clutched the crown of his head. "As if I'd let some fool drag me to a place where the grass can't ever grow," she said, crossing her arms defiantly. The thief wrinkled his nose, as if the setting didn't figure into whatever reasons you'd have to go to the slag heap. "Now go away before my dad comes back to take a swing at you himself." "Alright," he said, dropping the ridiculous, congenial tone he'd tried on her. "It was only a joke. I can see I got you into trouble. I'm sorry." "Sorry enough to give back what you stole?" she challenged. He grimaced. "Ah. I can't do that. But for what it's worth, I am sorry." "I don't need your sympathy." The thief glowered at the door, then at Hazelle, still rubbing his head. Without another word, Hazelle watched him scarper out of the yard, over the fence and into the alley. Once he's over the fence, she retreats into the doorway. But she couldn't help looking back one more time just to make sure he'd really gone. The thief slowed in the alley with the fence between them. Their eyes meet and she saw another flash of white teeth. She turned on her heel and slipped in through the back door. … Rhys Hawthorne shuffled backward down the alley with two eyes on the backdoor of house 207 where the willowy girl still stood with a broken handle held rigidly in her right hand. Her eyes shimmered in the night, following his every step. Laughter bubbled in his chest as he combed a hand down the back of his head, then he winced when his fingers brushed the knot forming at the base of his thick skull from her first hit. He'd remember her for that. It was a wallop worth having. At the end of the alley, he paused just around the corner of a shed so he could still see a sliver of her backyard. Probably satisfied that he'd fled the scene, the girl slipped through her door and closed it against the night. "207," he whispered to himself. "Hazelle. Hazelle who?" He'd find that out tomorrow along with the name of the brute she called Dad. Rhys adjusts the bag over his shoulder, then shoved his hands in his pockets. He whistled the nonsensical tune of The Cat Came Back and slunk through a maze of alleys to the community house on the edge of town. Tonight he'd have an onion, a few cabbages to contribute and a story. That was something. ... Thank you for reading! I had this sitting on my hard drive while looking for Gadge Day material. It seemed a shame to leave it there.