to be stuck in a car with them (sorry, Dad and Uncle H!) "Looks like you and Gale had fun," Katniss smirked in that knowing way of hers. "Yeah, I've been meaning to ask you about that," Madge said. "You have to tell me." Katniss blinked. "Tell you what?" "You know," Madge rolled her eyes, "the dirt you have on Gale! Come on, it has to be something good, if you blackmailed him to be my date and come down here every weekend for a month and a half to practice ballroom dancing with me." Katniss's eyebrows rose. "You think it's blackmail?" She said. "Has he told you nothing?" "Told me what? Come on, that's why I'm asking you!" "I could've sworn he would've told you by the way you two were looking at each other tonight," Katniss muttered to herself, before looking at Madge again. "No way. He needs to tell you himself." "Tell her what?" Gale said, coming up from behind them. He really needed to stop doing that , Madge thought sourly for a moment. "Madge thinks I blackmailed you into being her date," Katniss said abruptly, clearly ten thousand percent done with this bullshit. "Please set her straight, because I'd rather set myself on fire than continue to listen to you rant and mope about this." "Rant and mope about what?" Madge said, starting to feel frustrated. She turned to Peeta, who looked at her wide-eyed. "You!" She pointed a finger at him as he frantically shook his head, but his eyes screamed betrayal. "You're in on this, too?" Katniss rolled her eyes, and lowered Madge's hand. "You can threaten him at school on Monday," she promised. "But for now, we're leaving and you should, too." It was a silent walk to the car for Gale and Madge as Katniss and Peeta drove away and Madge waited patiently until they were in his truck before she looked at him expectantly. He rubbed his hand on the back of his neck. He was nervous, Madge realized, recognizing the habit. "Remember when you told me you thought I disliked you all these years?" Gale said. "Vividly," Madge deadpanned. Gale shot her a look and she sighed, softening. Humor was a defense mechanism for her, just like scowling was for him and Katniss. Clearly. "Yeah, I do." "Well… that wasn't exactly true." "What do you mean, 'exactly?'" "I mean, it wasn't true. At all. As in… I really just had a crush on you. For ages." Madge gaped at him as he looked straight ahead, keeping his eyes resolutely on the road as he left the Country Club. " Ages ?" Gale nodded. "Years. Since uh, you were a sophomore in high school, I think?" "But… but…" Madge stammered. "The glaring and the grunting, and the moving ." Gale shrugged. "You made me nervous," he said. "I didn't know how to talk to you. I had to physically get away from you to prevent embarrassing myself. You were so above me it was ridiculous." Madge snorted. "And now I'm not?" Gale looked over at her with a grin. "You're perfect," he declared so sweetly her ears turned pink. "I don't know. I became more confident in myself. Getting into college really helped. I started to see myself as more than some arrogant jock who got by on his looks and charm," he shifted uncomfortably, because for a good majority of high school that's who he was. "Wanting you… I don't know. It gave me something to strive for. Not that I think of you as a prize to be won, like an object, but… I guess I wanted to be someone you could respect. And, I guess, more importantly, someone I could respect." He was blowing her mind. She hadn't imagined a Gale Hawthorne like this. Articulate and sensitive and self-aware. To Madge, it was seriously as sexy as the width of his shoulders and the hard line of his jaw. "Why now? Why tell me now?" Keep asking questions, Madge thought. It would save her from having to react. She needed more time to process everything. "You were kind of right with the blackmail," Gale said, amused. "I wasn't planning on doing anything about my crush on you, honestly. I thought I missed my time, anyway. But Katniss threatened that if I didn't tell you how I felt than she would, and I figured, well, if I have to do this, I want to do this on my terms. I would fight for it, instead of just a confession." He tightened his hands on the steering wheel. "So here I am." Here they were. Madge glanced over at him in the darkness. In a lot of ways, he felt like a stranger, like there were two versions of him that she knew: the one from a year ago, and the one from right now. She was attracted to him, sure, and she liked him as a person, but she didn't know how deep her feelings went—she didn't know how deep his went. He was talking like Peeta here, with the amount of time he spent liking her. It was scary as hell. (How the hell did Katniss deal with this?) But the real question was, did she want to explore those feelings? Did she want to find out for herself? There were a lot of questions in life, many of them hard, but luckily for Madge this one was easy. "You're home for the summer now," Madge said, taking one of his white-knuckled hands off the steering wheel and lacing it gently with hers. "Maybe you can take me on a proper date next weekend?" Gale's smile lit up the night. "Of course," he said, and when he kissed her at her front door, his hands warm and sure at her face and waist, Madge felt like they were dancing again, whirling around the ballroom, but the best part was, the only two people around were each other.