the bed battering against the wall behind us. We're clinging on, rocking back and forth in some absurdly magical game. She is so breath-taking with every prosaic motion, every invitation to explore her uncharted, mysterious world. Every seam, every contour, every plane of her is perfection. "I can't… I can't hold on much longer," I warn in jagged pants. I'm so close. This burning sensation is growing, intensifying, threatening to break out any moment. By the way she moans, I take it that she's almost there, too. And suddenly, this pressure becomes too potent as it shatters me, shatters my resolve, causing my arms to weaken and tremble, waves of pleasure surging through my body as I pour out my moan into the crook of her neck. I keep pushing, in and out and in and out, a million colors exploding in my teeming mind, brilliant heat curling in my core, my body electrified and thrilled all the same. And within a few moments she is crying out my name into the air in return, her sounds swelling in the silent night as she tightens around me, her body growing rigid, her back arching. I have never felt so alive. Once the pleasure has coated us like a new layer of skin, settling into our bones, our movements begin to slow as our uneven breaths deepen. My entire body feels weak, depleted, as I use my last few ounces of energy to keep my body from crushing her while I lay over her. My cheek has found her collar, my ear tuning in to the sedative pulsing of her heart, fast and light as if it's about to flutter away. Her exhausted, quivering fingers find my sweaty curls, running through them pacifyingly. I could fall asleep like this, I'm sure. "How was that?" I murmur with a breathy chuckle to her heated skin, sticky with perspiration but still enchanting all the same. Her responding giggle, just as winded as mine, lucidly rings through the room. She doesn't reply with words, but with the way she cradles me to her as our breathing patterns stabilize, her reply is clear. In tender moments like these, Katniss has proved to be far more efficient with illustrating her emotions through actions rather than explanations. Over the past year that we've grown back together since the war, in this endless void of time and space where silence seems to cling to Katniss like an old friend, she's become far more expressive. More emotive. More telling. Nevertheless, It's been a slow process—but then again, so has everything, hasn't it? And that is alright. Patience is my perfected practice. So as we lie here, in the waning hours of the night, the silence doesn't alarm me as it used to—nothing alarms me, not with her. We have weeks, months, years, lifetimes ahead of us to fill with conversation. So, for now, a peaceful quiet seems suitable. What we don't say with words, we say with gestures; I tell her "I love you" with delicate kisses on her collar, sporadic and gentle. She offers "I know" by tracing elegant lines over my back and my shoulder blades with the pads of her fingers. I've been waiting thirteen years for Katniss. The five-year-old me yearned to hold her hand. A slightly older, more cultured ten-year-old Peeta would dream recurrently of what it would be like to unweave her intricate braids and kiss those lips of hers. As I grew, naturally, the dreams shed their platonic undertones and became more complex. But the dreams that resembled evenings like this one had seemed impossible as my naïve self became disheartened. I could've never imagined having Katniss in my bed, holding her, fusing together as one synchronized being. Having her lips circle around my name as her moans shower me in a thick veneer of gratification. Having Katniss. Like this, to parade her magic— But here we are. After thirteen long years of anticipation, of triumphs and setbacks, I am with Katniss. I have finally achieved a degree of happiness that even the richest, the most successful of men of the world could never experience. Katniss is my galaxy—she's shown me the universe, taken me deep into outer space, basked in starlight alongside me, all with me, only me. She is my one and only. And maybe she feels that way about me, too. In the shadow of this feat, I feel endlessly invincible; maybe I have little reason to be, or maybe I have all the reason. Katniss's walls have finally dissembled—not by merely my hands this time, but at her own will. She let me in, she allowed me to discover her secrets, her promises, all of the incredible things that make her into the woman I know today. I am on cloud nine, as nothing can conquer me. Not now. And so I ask her the question I've been aching to pose for months now, but have been too afraid and too rational to attempt. Maybe I'm setting myself up for inevitable rejection. But in this fleeting moment of unalloyed bliss, I couldn't care less. "You love me. Real or not real?" When I peer up at her through golden lashes, a splinter of moonlight is falling across her eyes in a magical, captivating fashion, whisking my breath from my lungs. You are so beautiful, Katniss Everdeen. Her grey irises are twinkling as she grins down at me, exhausted but euphoric all the same. Her fear has vanished now, eclipsed by unadulterated joy and assurance. And when her voice chimes from between her lips, her charming, musical timbre shimmering in the single word she articulates, I have no doubts. I trust her with my life, and love her twice as much. "Real." Thanks for the read! Feel free to drop in and leave a review, if at all possible. This is my first go at a one-shot, so some feedback would be ideal! Have a wonderful day! :) -Faith