family," I apologize to the leaf-cloak, "but I didn't think you'd mind, and Peeta brought you another little present besides." I untie the bundle and take out the top piece of our toasting bread, break it into hearty crumbs, and scatter it the length of my father's grave. The toasting loaf is usually consumed by the couple or their immediate family right after the ceremony, but I've wanted this almost from the moment that Peeta asked me to marry him. "You're never without birds," I remind my father needlessly, "even now, and Peeta loves birds too. He likes to say that winning my love was like taming a wild bird." A breath of brisk wind teases the willow branches above us; my father's gentle laughter, I think, and a blessing in itself. "So we brought our toasting bread for your birds," I explain. "Birds were always close as kin to you, and we wanted them to share in our wedding feast." "You should have told us," Prim says quietly, coming up behind me to lay a handful of sunny primroses alongside my humble greenery. "We would have brought the rest of ours too." "What were you planning to do with it?" I ask and, to my surprise, she blushes. "Freeze it till we have a baby," she says, shrugging as though this is of no import whatsoever. "And then use it for their first bread pudding." My head snaps up and I practically shove the handkerchief, with its last remaining portion of the toasting loaf, into Peeta's hands. "Is this enough for a baby's first bread pudding?" I ask him urgently. "If we don't have twins," he replies, but he's already tying the handkerchief closed again. His expression is torn between delight at the idea and aggravation at himself for not having thought of it first, and I lean in to kiss away his frown. "Then again, babies are tiny," he recalls with a sudden, foolish grin. "I can stretch half a loaf into two baby portions of bread pudding, easy." "I love you," I tell him, for what must be the fiftieth time today, and shift briefly onto my knees to tuck a kiss among the grass of my father's grave. "We'll be back soon," I promise. "And with any luck, you'll get four grandbabies out of the deal." Peeta helps me to my feet and we continue on to the other Everdeen graves: Grandpa Asa, Granny Ashpet, and Laurel, their daughter; my father's little sister, who came too early and died shortly after she was born. To each I give a piece of pine, a katniss leaf and flower, and a kiss to their headstone, but I linger a moment longer over Granny Ashpet. The tall, cougar-eyed beauty who hunted deer with a bow and didn't realize she loved a plain, poor boy until he caught her sewing a wedding dress from her finest doeskins – the very dress I'm wearing now. "She'd be proud," Peeta murmurs, squeezing my hand. "They'd all be, of both you and Prim." "For getting married?" I wonder wryly, raising my brows. "For falling in love," he replies simply. "My family falls in love as swift and soundly as you fall asleep at night, but from what I've observed, Everdeen hearts aren't so easily won." "Though once you've won their love," I remind him teasingly, "I hear it's like taking a drink from a fire hose." And on the off-chance that the metaphor might be lost on him, I take his sweet face in my hands and kiss him so fiercely that neither of us can breathe for a moment or two afterward. "How badly do we have to be at that reception?" he groans. "At least through the cake," I reply. "You made it, after all." "Not a problem," he says, drawing me back for another long kiss, and another after that. "We have a nice kitchen. I'll make you another cake; for breakfast, if you want…" "You forget, husband," I chide, but merrily, taking the red ribbon from the remains of my bouquet and looping it around his left arm. "You're not the only one who gets to claim something proudly today." I tie the ends in a simple bow and seal it with a kiss for good measure, and when I raise my eyes to Peeta's he looks like he just might burst with joy. "A sweetheart ribbon?" he asks through a radiant grin. "I should warn you, Mrs. Mellark: I'm a happily married man." "Right, then," I reply, because if I don't fill my mouth with words, it'll be covering his face with kisses and we'll never get out of here, let alone back to our new home and the snug double bed at the top of the stairs. "Prim!" I holler. "Reception: food, one speech, cake and wine, a couple of dances, and then we sneak out the back door." "Fine by me," she calls back as she snugs the red ribbon around her husband's left arm. "But the getaway car leaves at eight sharp , and if you're not in it, you get to stay till they close the hall and be innuendoed by Brognars all night long." "Fair enough," I answer, and promptly turn back to Peeta. "Mr. Mellark," I wonder, "after the dinner and dancing, do you have any objections to sleeping with a happily married woman?" "None whatsoever," he replies, and then our hands are entwined and we're barreling back to the car with Prim and Marko in hot pursuit. Author's Note: Prim/Marko shippers (you delightful birds, you!): if you haven't already, I'd love it if you checked out Torchlight , my oneshot about them (and to a lesser extent, Janek and Alys) in the When the Mooniverse. :) If that doesn't sate you, creep on my Tumblr and check out the teaser for Bearskin and Gold , an upcoming Prim/Marko oneshot for my Fairy Tales in Panem, based on "The Three Bears." Thanks!