a coincidence? Could it be one? He rose his eyes from her dress and fell into hers, again. She'd been looking at him, with a strange longing with her eyes. Was it possible that she had noticed him too? The award winner finally came to the stage, blocking Katniss from Peeta, and he quickly gave him the award, before waiting until the speech was done. He looked through the crowd, but Katniss was gone, replaced by some woman, surely a fill-in. Peeta was escorted off-stage, and asked to go to his seat in the audience, to enjoy the show, before coming back to the after party, and to please not to lose his badge or give it to some overzealous fan outside. As if there was a chance he would missed the party, and any chance of seeing Katniss once more. It wasn't until twenty minutes later that he saw her. She was radiant on stage, after winning an award for best song of the year for "Rue's lullaby", a lovely ballad that brought tears to his eyes if he wasn't careful. As the stage was being filled with her musicians, she grabbed the mike, and looked at the audience in front of her, as if searching for someone. "I thought that instead of this song, I would share something with you. Something new. A song I wrote a few years ago, hoping. Here's to hope. And to dreams that could come true." The shouts of the crowd covered the first notes of the melody on the unplugged guitar while Katniss brought a stool to where she was previously standing, mimicking her musician. She closed her eyes, listening to the music, until her voice finally filled the Staples Center. The first step… will he dare take this first step, Take these five feet between us - or should I be afraid, That the light he radiates is for someone else? The first step… Should I be the one reaching for his hand? I want so badly to feel his warmth again, I want to drown in these blue eyes and then …. Fly away from these crowds, Fly away, I'll protect you from the world, Fly away, and let me drown In your warm embrace, let me, let me, let's cuddle The first words- Maybe you'll be the one to tell The first words, from your lips falling on the waves, Maybe they could be mine, To be loved and to shine. In your warm embrace you'll take me away, Take me to the blue, I never wanted the grey, let me curl in your arms, and we will fly away, With me will you stay? If only I would dare If only he could care, to take that first step Or maybe hold on to my hand, A little longer, I want to be warmer… She looked at him all through the song. Her piercing eyes found him in the audience and never left, carrying her message as clearly as her words. She went off the stage under the clamors of the crowd, and he started fidgeting in his seat. He couldn't wait for the show to be over. He had to wait a solid two hours and forty two minutes before facing her again, at the after-party set next to the Staples Center. She made a quiet entrance, surrounded by Effie and this guy he guessed was Gale, did the usual round of greetings requested by either politeness or her record company before whispering to both her companions, leaving her alone. He could see her from afar, on the small balcony he found himself, as she looked through the crowd, stopping at each blonde haired head she was seeing. He remembered the lyrics from her song. They were engraved in his mind now. He made his way down the staircase, dodging the persons climbing to get a better view at the upcoming fireworks, walking against the current of the crowd reaching for the windows, or the doors to take in the show that would take place in a minute. Peeta could only see her. He noticed the precise moment she spotted him, and he felt Katniss's eyes on him directly, as a smile lightened her already gorgeous face. She was still wearing the little black dress she wore at the Grammies, and a worn-out brown leather jacket that was a size too big. He stopped in front of her, at was he guessed were five feet away from her. He had to dare. To take a risk. To risk everything in the next twenty seconds. If only he knew what to say. "Do I radiate light?" he heard himself ask. "More than you could possibly know. You're like a beacon in the dark corner of a bar, reaching out for me." He held out his hand. She did not hesitate grabbing it in her own, tiny one. Peeta looked at Katniss, a huge smile on his face. These twenty seconds were better than anything he could have possibly imagined. "October 13th. A Tuesday. You'll come to my show?" "It's a date." He took her in with his eyes, wanting to ask for more, but not knowing how to do it. "So we have our first date, real or not real?" She looked at him straight in his eyes, so seriously that for a moment he thought he had crossed a line. Then she smiled, and she was no longer pretty nor beautiful, but as radiant as the sun. "Real." I want to sincerely thank Tanb for her beta skills, her kindness and her friendship. She made this story way better by her input, thank you so much. And this story is for two dear friends, K&M, who are a daily support in my writing. Thank you, ladies. On another note, if this story is to your liking, please show it by hitting one of the buttons below. I could have more to share if there is an interest.