suddenly both gifts were in her grasp and Jack's gloved hands hovered a hairsbreadth from her cheeks. "Tell me I can touch you," he begged, his spun-silver eyes darkening to storm clouds, and she loved him all the more for it. "Please touch me," she whispered, and Jack groaned softly as he cradled her face in his hands. His touch was heaven: firm and warm and so tender, despite the thin layer of leather that lay between them. Raisa had never been on the receiving end of any such gesture, let alone on her delicate face, and she fought the instinct to flinch or cry out in response. "Oh Raisa," he breathed, "Your twin was a brute and Janek is blind to everything but Alyssum, but I have been an even greater fool, for I saw your qualities from the first and yet looked past them again and again." "I have no qualities," she protested in a feeble rasp, and he shook his head with a sad smile. "It would be my greatest privilege to demonstrate otherwise," he told her. "But I fear I'm getting ahead of myself. Will you accept my gift, and the sweetheart's token affixed?" In answer, she leaned up on her toes and kissed his mouth; a fierce, artless, clumsy offering, half lost in the exquisite bristle of his beard, but it clearly pleased him beyond measure, for he made a sound that was joy and pain all at once and held her close, keeping her mouth against his till they were forced to part to draw breath. "Will you accept my gift?" she asked raggedly, an ardent pant of breath across his parted lips. "The gumdrops, and the sweetheart's token affixed?" "Gladly," he sighed, and drew her in for a kiss of his own; slower and gentler than hers but no less uncertain, and she whimpered with joy to think that this beautiful fey man with his sweet spiced breath had never kissed anyone either. Not Rooba, not Alyssum; not even the dark and lovely Seam girls he lived among. "I'll do better next time," he promised when at last he drew back; all the confirmation required, and foolish happy tears burned in her eyes. "We need to exchange ribbons," she insisted with a broken laugh, wiping furiously at her eyes. "To-To tie them on each other," and Jack affirmed this with a tremulous chuckle of his own. "Indeed we must," he agreed, pocketing his gloves and taking back his parcel, but only till the ribbon could be freed, then they traded gifts once more as they eyed one another with ribbons in hand, both flushed and radiant. "You should wear it as a crown," he declared, and stepped behind her to draw his precious ribbon gently against her brow and tie it behind her head. No girl Raisa had even seen, neither Seam nor Merchant, wore her sweetheart's token in such a fashion and she wondered if Jack's fey mother had done so in her youth, perhaps in some distant fairy court. "And you must wear it on your left arm," she replied, a little wildly, threading the ribbon around the fine wool of his sleeve and looping its ends in a snug bow. "The heart side, like wedding rings," she added by rote, then looked up at him in horror, for in all their exchange of ribbons and kisses, neither promise nor even interest had been spoken, let alone of the sort she had thoughtlessly implied. They might be sweethearts for this hour and they would smile at each other on the morrow, should they pass, adorned with each other's tokens, but there was little more commitment required or implied by the exchange. In all likelihood they would be longing after Janek and Alyssum again, albeit more hopelessly than ever, before the night was over. Jack gazed down at her with neither shock nor distress but rather a grave sort of tenderness, and brushed his dusky fingers against the ribbon tied round his arm. " Upon your arm and upon your heart, " he quoted softly, then, securing the sweet-shop pouch in his pocket, he took her hands, and the acorn cake parcel between them, in his. "Raisa Brognar," he said, "will you marry me?" A/N: Here endeth the headcanon - but not the story! ;) I've considered writing the next part in a sort of "Sliding Doors" fashion (i.e., here's what happened when she said no, here's what happened when she said yes), but I'm not sure how that will pan out. I also want to sneak in a few alternate scenario oneshots (ex. what if Jack and Ashpet took in Raisa for a while after her father died) but I haven't decided whether to make those into actual chapters or just turn this into a series with multiple installments. The song Jack sings at Luka's burial is "I am Stretched on Your Grave," a 17th century Irish poem translated into English (in this case) by Frank O'Connor. I tweaked it very slightly for the context, changing "girl" to "boy" in the second verse and leaving out the third verse entirely (about how the lovers were lost in the woods one night but didn't sleep together), which has intriguing potential for another day/fic/universe, but I didn't want this story drifting too suggestively down the twincest stream. I really don't envision Raisa and her twin brother as lovers outside of a mythological context (ex. The Huntress and the Honey-God), but I think she had a certain attachment to him that might have brought more grief if he had lived long enough to exploit it. Finally, I hope no one is too offended by me using that Catching Fire quote to introduce this chapter. As stated in the notes at the beginning, I have a (completely unfounded) headcanon that something resembling this scene actually took place between young Mr. Everdeen and the future Mrs. Mellark and the quote was irresistibly fitting in that respect.