to his car. I put on his "Katniss" CD with all my favorite tunes and sing along with the window down and the breeze tickling my cheeks. I find Peeta staring at me. I must look ridiculous. As if to argue with my thoughts, Peeta says "Did you know you look absolutely beautiful tonight?" "I didn't know compliments were part of the date package." I expect Peeta to laugh, but his face is serious. "You have no idea the effect you have, Katniss". I catch Peeta's eyes which look at me with such tenderness. Without thinking my left hand laces with his right hand. I am surprised to see where we have arrived. We are at Peeta's home. Peeta's parents left their house to Peeta once they moved and retired. Peeta's brother never had an affinity for 12 but Peeta loved 12. He said he loved the fresh air, the mockingbirds chirping in the trees, and me. I'm stuck in my own mind when Peeta opens the door for me. I step out into the backyard and I have to catch my breath, awed by the mix of white lilies and green lanterns that have adorned Peeta's backyard. In the middle of the backyard, on a sprawled out white sheet, are all my favorite sweets, some wine, and Peeta's delicious cheese buns. As I turn, I see Peeta's face highlighted by the brightness of the moon. I see his blue eyes, the crinkled smile, and his lips, which have never looked more appealing. My heart lifts with joy but then it quickly sputters in confusion. How did Peeta know I would bid on him? I'm mumbling because I've become overwhelmed by so many sensations: fear, excitement, and worst of all, hope. Hope in something that I've never given myself a chance to believe in. Peeta, always surrounded by girls wanting his attention, they were always rebuffed. Girlfriends who he dated but never loved. I can't give into hope. I can't hope that maybe, maybe I'm the girl he thinks is most beautiful in all of 12. Me, Katniss Everdeen. It's not possible. I can't hope in such things. I look away from him, because I can't bear to know. "Were you planning on romancing any District 12 girl with all my favorite things?" I giggle those words out but my shaking voice gives me away. I can feel Peeta coming closer. Anyone could. He sounds like a bear going on a hunt when he walks. I giggle to myself as I wonder if anyone else loves this about him. Love. Is that what's going on with me? I feel Peeta's breath on my neck and my legs tremble. I want nothing more than to turn around and kiss him but I can't get ahead of myself. I've learned to not have hope in happy endings because things can be so easily taken away from you. I hear his breathe catch before he speaks. "No. I told you I was going to take any girl to dinner but this, this is for the is the most beautiful girl in District 12. He shakily tells me something that I didn't realize I wanted to hear until tonight. "Katniss. It's you. It's always been you." My heart switches from track meet to gymnastics and is doing full on somersaults. "Don't you know, Katniss? Before your dad passed, he told me to always make sure you were ok. I told him that would never be a problem because you were everything to me. My joy, my light, my everything, and because… I love you." My mind travels to when we were younger. Peeta told me once he wouldn't listen for my words but wait for my action. When I was filled with gratitude, he said I gave him the biggest, cheekiest smile. When I was nervous, he said my left leg would tap repeatedly. When I was afraid, my eyes would bulge. He said I never had to tell him anything, he could tell everything by my actions. As I let everything sink in, that Peeta loves me, that maybe there's hope for a future for us, I am so happy. Because the truth is, I couldn't lose to Glimmer tonight, because Peeta is mine, he always has been. Because he's everything to me. Because I love him. Peeta already knows I'm a person of action, so when I turn around and my love for him engulfs me, I do the only thing I can think of and capture his lips. The kisses are gentle and full. The kisses hold life, hope, longing, and a promise for the future. To my disappointment, Peeta breaks away. I didn't know I could enjoy anything of Peeta's this much that weren't his cheese buns, but his lips have me engrossed and his scent of cinnamon and dill is intoxicating. I make a whimper expressing my need for him as he looks at me. "Why did you bid on me? Tell me." I want to break off into a soliloquy and tell him how thankful I am that his arms are there to comfort me. I want to tell him how his lips burn a fire within me. I want to tell him that when I wake up my first thoughts are of him, of what he's doing, what he's thinking, but all that will be shared with time. There are only a few words I can seem to say. "Because I love you." I wasn't prepared for Peeta's capturing of my lips but I mostly wasn't prepared for the intensity and passion behind his kisses. The white hot rage that I've felt so often this night has become white hot heat yearning for Peeta's touch. "Peeta…" Somehow in a matter of seconds, I end up in Peeta's bedroom. As his kisses taper my neck, I smile because the only person's name Peeta will be moaning tonight is mine. Because I'm definitely the biggest winner of the night.