dealing with fame these last years, being the center of attention every day. She couldn't remember how many times she had snorted at seeing his face on the cover of magazines, "showing off" as she thought. Maybe she could ask him how he was dealing with all this fame-thingy? It would just take a phone call, after all. Just a call, nothing more, really. Right? Right. Without thinking more, she pushed on the Peeta button on her phone (he now even had his own ringtone) hoping for him to answer quickly. She let it ring, ring until it went to voicemail. Without another thought, she put her phone on the nightstand. Maybe Peeta was busy or had his phone silenced if he wanted to sleep. Or maybe he was taking care of things, or he could even be in the shower. Shower. Peeta. Two words she never associated together, though suddenly a vision of Peeta in the bathroom (which she assumed was the same as hers) appeared in her mind, water dripping from his head onto his chest, creating a whole set of images she never thought of before, images she never thought would come to her. A knock on the door of her room startled her from her inappropriate thoughts. Getting up from the bed, she went to open it, only to find Peeta on the other side. Hair still wet. Shirt clinging to his shoulders. "I saw you called?" he asked with a wink. "And you didn't think to call me back?" "Better to talk face to face. So, can I come in?" "Or we can speak here ?" "As you wish. What did you want to talk about" Peeta asked, leaning on the doorframe. "How do you handle the fame?" "I don't. That's why I have a personal assistant, a manager, and security." "What?" "You sure I can't come in? This could take a while to explain." He asked. "Okay. but don't sit on the bed!" "Why not?" "I sleep in it!" He chuckled before coming in, spotting a chair by the window, on which he sat, crossing a leg on his knee. "Close the door, please, I don't want Haymitch or Effie to hear this." He said quietly. She complied before climbing onto her large bed, setting herself comfortably against the fluffy pillows lining the headboard. "So?" "Fame is a fickle friend, Katniss. A friend I don't want too close to me. Believe it or not, I don't like being in the spotlight, having my face on magazines covers, having to pose half naked for photo shoots." "Then why do you do it?" "Because that's the game. To sell record you need to do more than just sing. You have to 'touch the public's heart'. So, since Rebels audience were teenagers, you have to play the game. Pose shirtless on the beach, look out at the horizon wistfully to move the crowds. Give interviews about your fake perfect girlfriend. And what's the result? You have to answer even more questions. Have your family get harassed. You know that my dad had people coming into the bakery just to leave a stack of photos for me to sign? People look at you differently as soon as you've had your ten minutes of glory. "So you want to know how I handle it? I don't. I created a double, the Peeta that is out there for the crowd and the show. . I drifted, I indulged in all the excesses possible, Katniss. it's so easy to forget who you are, to become what they want to be. You lose yourself in the process." Peeta sighed, leaning forward until his arms were on his knees, his head bowed down. "Giving in to this costs a lot. It costs everything you are. So, please don't lose yourself to fame. Deal with it from afar, keep being who you are Katniss, please. Surround yourself with good people that only have YOUR interests at heart, not the dickheads who only think about how much money you're worth to them." "Like Plutarch." She said. "I don't know him. I can't tell." "And that's why you want to quit?" "I've had enough of this, Katniss. I'm more than a half-naked man moving my butt on a stage to sell records. I never thought this was what I would have when I took that deal, you know? I wanted to write my songs, to have my words, my music out. Not that crappy thing. So yeah, I'm backing off. You're on the right path, though, cause you are known for your music." "Yeah, maybe, but well, look where I end up." "Is it bad?" he asked, and at this very moment he very much looked like the little boy she saw for the first time during their first kindergarten day. "Not entirely. I mean, now we talk to each other. I know you're not a complete asshole, now." Katniss smirked. "Thanks, I guess?" "You're welcome. See, I can be nice, too!" "You're always nice, Katniss. I-" The door to the room opened, a completely disheveled Effie barging in. "We have a terrible problem. The jury wants to exclude us from the final!" "Why would they do that?" Katniss asked. "D1 has put a request that Wake Me Up is not an original song. We could be out if they agree!" Jitterbug, indeed. End of part 1. This story was only possible because of the Europe Club ( akai-echo, bandathebillie ombradellaluna joined by two converts ct522 and xerxia) My deep thanks to akai-echo for the amazing banner, to ombradellaluna for the name of the story, and to ct522 and xerxia for their magic touch, their patience, their talent, their awesomeness, their kindness, at betaing 9800 words full of mistakes. Thank you all for making this story possible. Because seriously, an Everlark!Eurovision story, how crazy is this ? Hope you enjoyed! If so, please leave a small message :) I'm the girlfromoverthepond on tumblr (yay france:) )