been with his lover and her children all this while, and Peeta besides, and he was not unaware of his wife's rampage, nor of her reasons for it. Alyssum and Primrose were immortal and beloved of the greater gods, and as such there was little Raisa could do to harm them directly – but Katniss was another matter. The daughter of Alyssum's late husband, the child was mortal and could be grievously wounded, even killed, by the full power of a goddess of Raisa's ilk, and the harvest queen would most assuredly strike wherever she found weakness, and glory in the pain it would cause Primrose and her mother. And though Katniss was no kin to Janek, she was Alyssum's firstborn and he loved her as he loved his own daughter. There was naught to do for the moment but hide the little family, though before this could be done Janek turned Peeta into his bear-shape and sent him into the woods, under the pretense of securing a fine honeycomb for their supper. Janek knew that for Alyssum and her daughters to be hidden safely, none could know their location but himself, and even he dared not go to them till Raisa ceased her search or, at the very least, the violence of her rage subsided. At eight mortal years of age Peeta still accompanied his father on every visit to Alyssum's home, and though he would happily play with his little half-sister for a time, his devotion was to Katniss, and it was as unwavering as it was obvious. It was equally apparent that Raisa would discover, and all too quickly, if Peeta knew where the girls were hidden, and rather than wring the truth from her misliked youngest son she would simply wait for him to go to his playfellow and follow him there, and add his pain to that which she would cause there. So while Peeta bounded happily into the woods, all curly golden fur and stout legs, intent on the perfect honeycomb to present for his sweetheart's repast, Janek gathered Alyssum and her daughters, as well as a few small provisions, and led them to a secluded valley, walled off from the world – and more importantly, from Raisa's sight – by a ring of silver mountains, their jagged snowy peaks reaching up into the clouds. Little Katniss berated the harvest god for the better part of the journey, and fiercely, for she saw the deception at once and despaired at the thought of being parted from her sweet playfellow, but Janek pleaded with her for the boy's sake. Raisa thoroughly despised her youngest child and would not hesitate to abuse him in her pursuit of Primrose and Katniss; this much was obvious, but she would swiftly divine that he was ignorant of these matters, and while Janek's thwarting would not please her, she could hardly mistreat her son to reveal information he did not possess. The valley, while empty of persons, was verdant in nature, and Alyssum's arrival made it even more so, with wildflowers and wholesome herbs sprouting in her very footprints as she entered that place. A lake there was, small but plentiful with fish and nourishing weeds and flanked on one side by a little grove of trees, and Janek procured a small flock of spotted goats, placid and soft-eared, with udders low and plump with milk to supply the family's table. The valley housed a shepherd's cottage, a solid stone shelter, long-disused, and in such a place Alyssum and her children might live safely and well, for as long as might be necessary. Alyssum's powers peaked when Raisa's were at their lowest ebb; thus she could leave the valley to sow spring upon the earth, as always she had done before, and until Primrose's safety was assured, the world would manage quite well without her second summer. Janek met Peeta, golden muzzle closed delicately about a perfect honeycomb as he galloped merrily back toward his sweetheart's former residence, and conveyed, in gentle words, how Katniss and her family had been hidden from all for their safety, from Peeta no less than his mother. The boy cast off his bear form and shouted his dismay, both hands closed about the dripping comb, and his bees came to comfort him with their downy bodies and feathery wings. "Why would you do such a thing?" cried the heartbroken honey-god to his father. "Why would you hide my sweetheart from me? I could protect her better than her mother, and keep her in a finer fashion than this exile you have wrought." Of course, Peeta's anger was at the separation, not at his father, and Janek knew it well. "It will not be forever," he soothed the boy, "and she grieves your absence just as much as you grieve hers. She will leave that hiding place soon enough, and I doubt not you shall one day have her to wife. Take this parting as opportunity to prepare for that day," he urged. "Channel your love into a craft, something you might present one day as bride-price." Janek said this supposing to distract the boy from his broken heart, perhaps to occupy his hands for a few days with some project or other while he came to terms with the separation from his playfellow, but he had severely underestimated the young honey-god's devotion. "That I shall!" Peeta declared, and departed in a furious rush of black and gold and small humming wings. Author's Note: The sequence where Janek catches Raisa with her twin brother is a nod to Hephaestus devising the net trap for Aphrodite and Ares, and I briefly considered giving him a limp to further the connection. The greater gods (I'm leaving them quite vague and mysterious at present but they'll probably consist of Capitol folk - Snow, in particular, will make a rather crucial appearance in a future installment) sterilize Raisa's twin in punishment, which is a bit harsher than Ares's admonition.