Katniss and myself, the best I could hope for is Katniss would kill Cato. Then it would be possible for me to take her out, but she would have to be unarmed, which is improbable. "Okay, let's think this through again. Say all of us had a 25 percent chance of survival. The best possible outcome would be for Cato and Katniss getting killed. That would leave Peeta and me. I would easily be able to handle him, and I could win this whole thing if Cato injured Katniss enough. But it is more likely that Peeta and Katniss will kill off Cato. Then it would be down to Peeta and Katniss against me. Then what? They could end me once they find me. But realistically I would either have to fight Katniss or Cato, and I don't know if I could truly take either of them. I did kill Thresh, so there's no reason why I couldn't take out one of them. "The rarest scenario would be for all of us to show up at the same time and for Katniss and Cato to be disarmed. Katniss and Cato would fight each other off, and I would kill Peeta. Once he's dead I could wait for who wins between Katniss and Cato. That person would most likely be injured, and I could finish him. But that is a pipe dream. It won't come down to that. So what's the next course of action?" Roisin thought deeply about that. Then she came up with a plan. "I need food. It is obvious that Katniss knows what's safe to eat and what is not. All I have to do is find her and Peeta and watch what they eat. Maybe I can kill them if they get separated. Who knows?" When she had gotten to the cave she heard the two of them talking. Roisin waited for them to leave so she could follow them and see what they were eating. "I wonder how Foxface is making out." Peeta pondered out loud. "Oh, she's fine. Probably easier to catch Cato than her." Katniss said peevishly. Roisin grinned at that statement. "Too bad I'm closer than you think." she thought. "Maybe they'll catch each other and we can just go him." replied Peeta. "But we better be extra careful about the watches. I dozed off a few times." "Me, too. But not tonight." assured Katniss. Roisin walked far away from the cave and hid in some bushes. After a few minutes she went to sleep. Roisin dreamt of Thresh's face. She relived the fight over and over again. Then she saw herself fighting each remaining tribute. Once it got to Cato, however, they dropped their weapons mid-fight and started kissing each other. After several moments of this he started to crush her. She couldn't breathe and she started to panic. Roisin woke up in terror. She quickly remembered that she was near Katniss and Peeta's cave. Roisin positioned herself so she could see the cave without getting caught. Finally Katniss and Peeta exited the cave. She waited a few minutes until she followed them near the stream, which looked wider due to the deluge of the past few days. She took care not to be noticed, which wasn't hard. Peeta was making a lot of noise while walking on the rocky ground. When the two of them made it to a ground covered by pine needles Peeta's walking was still audible. Roisin followed them quietly for hours. Finally, they came to a stopping point. Katniss and Peeta quarreled over their next course of action. Roisin overheard them discussing their plans for hunting and gathering as well as their whistles signaling safety. She waited for Peeta to appear and saw him collect berries. There was a pack and a neat pile of roots beside it. He put the berries on a plastic sheet and repeated the process several times. Roisin noted that the time it took for him to return from the picking increased. She also heard his whistling response to Katniss grow fainter. This meant to her that he was venturing off further. Eventually Roisin went up to the pack and opened it. Inside was one apple, two rolls and a small amount of cheese. When she heard him returning she closed the pack and hid herself. Peeta bent down and placed more berries on the sheet. "This is it. I could kill him off if I really wanted to… Hey, wait!" She patted herself down. "Where's my dagger? What? How could I lose something like that?" she was frustrated with herself. "Well, I got to do something to stay alive. I look completely starving. Okay, take a little bit of cheese and then some berries." When Peeta left again she opened the pack, picked away at the cheese and took some berries. Then she scurried to a safe spot. She ate the cheese and then looked at the berries. "Something is odd about these. I don't recall them in the training session at all. They're nothing like I've ever seen. But they have to be safe otherwise he wouldn't be picking them, right? I'm so starved right now. Okay so either these berries are safe or they are not. If I choose not to eat them, it doesn't matter whether they're safe or not. But I could starve to death. If they're not safe and I choose to eat them, I die. If they are safe and I choose to eat them, I can live. I am so damn starving. Katniss probably told him what was safe and what wasn't. Okay, so here it goes!" Roisin touched her fox pin that her parents gave her. Then she put the berries in her mouth, chewed a little bit and let them go down her throat. Seconds later she froze. "Oh, no! I'm going numb. This is not good! I…" Roisin fell to her knees, hit the ground and took her final breaths.