in confusion and sees Cato Baxter raise his glass at him mockingly before turning around and exiting through the double doors. He processes this as he feels a heavy hand land on his shoulder. "Out," Principal Thread says, a scowl on his face. "Hawthorne, you're done." The other boy can barely protest before two security officers are flanking him and escorting him out of the opposite door that Katniss exited. "Mellark, get some air," Thread says, jerking his head. "The only reason you're not out on your ass right now, well, you might as well know—you're Prom King," he says lowly. Peeta stares at him blankly, his hands shaking at his sides. "Are you deaf, boy?" he barks. "I said get out of here and calm down." He breaks out his trance , nods and walks towards the door that he saw Katniss exit through. He has to talk to her, he thinks, walking down the darkened hallway. He has to make her understand that she is all wrong for him, that he is all wrong for her, that he is ba — He hears her scream. He knows her scream. He dreams of her screams, fantasizes about them late at night. He breaks into a swift run as he heads up a staircase that leads to an abandoned breezeway. He stops as he sees Katniss underneath Cato Baxter, his hands pushing her golden dress up her thighs. "No," she is crying, and his heart stops and shatters as Cato draws back and strikes her across the face, hard. "Shut up, bitch," he is grunting, pulling at her panties. "I'm going to get me a piece of Mellark's slut, and you're going to like it." For such a large boy, he flies backwards easily as Peeta yanks him off of Katniss with all of the rage, the anger, and power that he has ever felt before. Cato crashes backwards into the brick of the wall, almost staggering over the railing. "Get out of here, Katniss," Peeta says calmly, grabbing her hand and pulling her up. Cato stands up and fixes Peeta with a gleeful smile, rubbing his hands together. " No ." She's pulling at his shirt, fisting the material desperately. "He's crazy, he's—" "Go!" he yells at her, turning away as Cato charges at him. He feels a moment of relief as he sees Katniss disappear down the staircase before he hits the stone of the breezeway floor, hard, knocking the wind out of him. His head rocks backwards with the force of Cato's blows. "Been waiting for this day," Cato breathes over him excitedly, striking him again. "Gonna fucking kill you, Mellark. Never forgot about that day, you know. When you broke my fucking arm. The way you've fixed me with that cold fucking stare for years, the way you parade that hot piece of ass around this school like she's yours, how everyone thinks you're such a fucking saint, when I know the truth about you, Mellark," his head rocks back again, and he hears his nose crack, "you're crazy, like me," he feels dizzy now, "but not crazy enough. I'm gonna fuck your girl, Mellark. Then I'm gonna hurt her, like I'm hurting yo—" Cato stops, and his eyes roll back in his head as he drops off to the side, away from Peeta. He looks up in a daze as he sees Katniss standing over him, chest heaving, her face a dark purple mess with bleeding lips, and he think she's never looked more beautiful in his life. "I think he's dead," she says, dropping a pair of bolt cutters that he vaguely recognized from the janitor's closet. "His head…it's dented," she says dreamily, in shock. He stands up, wobbling slightly as he walks toward her. "Now you're like me," he says, wrapping his arms around her as her legs buckle. He hears a noise, and he lowers Katniss to the ground as he looks down at Cato thoughtfully, blood streaming in his eyes. The voices in his head shriek for vengeance. The boy groans slightly as Peeta lifts him from the ground. "Is he dead?" Katniss' voice is quiet, a faint and trembling thing. Peeta tosses Cato over the breezeway balcony, the cracking thud comforting. With his very last reserve of energy, he lifts Katniss up into his arms next. She stares at him without fear. "He is now," he says. He carries her downstairs, half stumbling towards the gym. He hears shrieking, and yelling, and he can no longer tell if it's in his head or coming from behind the gym doors. He slides through the door and collapses as they announce him Prom King, and his last thought is of Katniss as they hit the ground. … They say it was in self-defense. It's not feasible that the Prom King and a straight-A student killed a star athlete in cold blood. Katniss' cracked ribs, collarbone fracture and purple face, coupled with Cato Baxter's widely known reputation, put the issue to rest quickly. Katniss and Peeta are dropped from all charges. They are both in the hospital for a week, and when they are released, Peeta drives them to her empty house and fucks her, hard, even though they are both still bruised, and damaged, and in pain. Katniss says she likes it. It soon becomes a whispered legend, the urban lore of Seneca High School, how the Prom King saved the life of his girlfriend against the school bully-turned-psycho. And when Peeta pins his latest specimen to his board, he lets Katniss push the sharp steel through the thorax of the blue and yellow Anise Swallowtail, kissing her fingers in adoration after. The monsters are real. xxxxxxxxxxxx Written originally for Prompts in Panem on Tumblr. Finally decided to post it here. I can be found at peetaspenis dot tumblr dot com. I answer questions there and sometimes post other random pieces of THG writing in between my WIP updates. Thanks for reading.