sitting down at the first empty table she saw. She was almost thirteen, and it was her first day back after the death of her parents and her move from the Seam. Her first day as a "townie." She had been effectively blacklisted by the Seam kids, and ignored by the merchant students. Katniss had always prided herself by being thick-skinned, but today was hard. Gale was two years ahead of her and had a different lunch period. Leevy and the rest of her former friends were openly mocking her new, clean clothes that spoke of expert tailoring, the very best that her grandparents could afford. Girls like Shira Clash, the butcher's daughter, and Andes Ladd, whose dad owned the grocery down the street from her house, laughed behind their hand, their eyes filled with an emotion that Katniss had never seen shot her way before. " They're jealous," came a matter-of-fact voice, followed by the clanging of a lunch pail dropped across from her. Her stunned grey eyes flew up to meet the bright blue ones of Peeta Mellark. " What?" she choked out, not sure why one of the most popular merchant boys in school was sitting with her. She made eye contact with Andes and Shira over his shoulder, and saw the outrage and shock on their face. She had seen them following Peeta around the school yard for years now, giggling like idiots and trying to run their hands through his blond curls. " Seriously, you're pretty and smart and they don't know how to handle that," he shrugged, smiling at her in a strangely shy way, especially after coming over so boldly and calling her pretty. " Why are you sitting with me?" she asked harshly. " Because you're my new neighbor. And I want to be friends. I always have," he said with startling honesty, unpacking his lunch neatly and efficiently. He unwrapped a square of cellophane, revealing two cookies designed with delicate swirls of icing. He slid one her way casually. " Thank you," she said quietly, touched. He looked up and flashed her another smile. " You're never getting rid of me now." And she didn't. No amount of cajoling from his friends could convince him to abandon her. Soon Madge Undersee and Delly Cartwright joined their little group, and by the next year, their table became "the" merchant kids table. Sometimes she missed Leevy and her old friends. Katniss would always hate Shira Clash and Andes Ladd. She felt as if her heart was going to beat out of her chest, and the nauseating taste of panic and fear permeated her tongue. Katniss noticed that Peeta's hands were clenched tightly in his lap, and wished she could at least offer him the comfort of her fingers threaded through his own. She yanked on her braid reflexively to the rhythm of his clenching hands, and suddenly felt an odd calm wash over her. She spoke before really working out a response. It was so quiet, and the words came out as more of a croak, but every head turned to stare in her direction- each face full of a different sort of emotion: greed, pensiveness, definitive sadness, and worst of all: one of longing despair. "What?" Grandmother demanded. "Speak up, girl." "I said, we'll do it," she responded hoarsely, feeling her face turning bright red at even the implication of she was she agreeing to. Lissah Mellark's face flooded with triumph. "I don't want to argue about this anymore." "Katniss, no ," Peeta cried, his face an innocent mask of sadness and confusion. His mother's eyes widened almost comically, and then flattened with anger as she stood up to face her son. "You don't-" Katniss saw what was about to happen; had seen it enough times by now to recognize the signs. "Shut up you stupid boy!-" Mrs. Mellark raised her hand as if to smack him across the face, but Katniss was already flying across the room, flinging the older woman's hand backwards. "LEAVE HIM ALONE," Katniss demanded shakily, interrupting Peeta's mother, who was practically convulsing with shock and anger at the bold, physical move against her. "After tonight, after we're married, you are never going to lay a hand on your son again." "We'll consummate now. Sign the marriage certificate tomorrow. But I'm not having a toasting without Prim, Duff and Mill," she said coldly, thinking of their siblings. "We'll do that later." Peeta's mouth dropped open at her words. Katniss needed him to go with this. She knew it was selfish, but she could not marry some awful merchant boy like Linwood Tarlin or Garvey Talp. And you would die if Peeta married some townie bitch like Shira , a treacherous part of her whispered, before she pushed it deep down inside herself. "Now get out and give us our privacy," she said with flat authority, hoping that they'd at least heed her request to go to the bakery and leave them to get through this night alone. She held out a hand to the stunned blond boy. He stared up at her, and she could practically read his mind. They had perfected the art of non-verbal communication years ago. What are you doing, Katniss? Please just take my hand, she begged him with her eyes. "Come with me," her mouth moved without her knowledge. "Please Peeta. Just come upstairs." Just as she thought that he might refuse, and both their futures were lost to the unknown, his hand slipped into hers. - 0 - 0 - 0 - 0 - 0 - 0 - 0 - 0 - 0 - Drama, drama! This is clearly very much an AU and not Hunger Games compliant at all. Peeta is eighteen, Katniss is almost eighteen, and they're past the reapings. It will have little to no bearing on this story as far as our main characters go. Review and you'll get a preview of Chapter Two and a cookie. xoxo