have done enough for me." She answered. Katniss picks up her bag from the floor and starts digging threw it and pulls out her black wallet. She pulls out a fifty dollar bill and tries to hand it to him. Peeta gives her a weird look and automatically pushes her hand away, "No, Katniss. I told you it was my pleasure." "But you took me the opposite way you were going!" She exclaimed " Take the money… Please." "Nope." He replied simply. "Fine."She snapped. She shoved the bill back into her wallet and blew a piece of hair that escaped out of her braid. She looks over at him and notices he was already staring at her. "Thank you." She loudly blurted out. She mentally punched herself. And Peeta chuckled at her sudden outburst. She lowered her speaking volume. "Thank you, Peeta. I Probably most-in-likely would have died of heat stroke if you didn'... you know... save me… So thank you for not letting me die." He laughed, " Not a problem Miss Everdeen." He pause grinning then continued. " In fact in was more then my pleasure to have company with such a gorgeous woman, such as yourself." This made her face get red once again. That seem to be happening a lot in his presence. "Well I really should get going." She said with a sigh and a hint of sorrow in her voice. She takes off her seat belt and goes to pull on the handle to open the door but before she can fully open the door she feels a hand on her arm. "Wait!", Peeta exclaimed, "there's something I have to do before you go." He leans over the counsel in the middle and before she even knows it his lips are on hers. She doesn't know how to react at first and then she realizes that she likes the feel of his lips on hers. A lot. He deepens the kiss by grabbing the sides of her face and she moves her body closer to his. He suddenly stops, way too soon for her liking, and starts to pull away but she has other plans. She passes her sunglasses up on top of her head and grabs his face this time and pulls him to her. There lips collide once again and Katniss instantly lets out a loud moan. This just fuels Peeta on more. So he grabs the back of her neck and pulled her so her chest and his chest were touching. They both were somewhat uncomfortable but they didn't care. She moves her hand so there tangled in his blond locks and pulls. Peeta let out a loud groan that made her want to deepen the kiss more but she was out of breath. She pulls away panting and sits back in her seat . She looks at him and his crystal blue eyes are now a deep sea blue color. She sees the lust and hunger in them, mixed with a little astonishment. "I'm sorry." Peeta pants out. "I've been wanting to do that since I saw you on the the side of the road." She blushes. "Oh well...um...Thank you?" "No, thank you." He beamed. She looked out the window at the gas station, and then back to him. "Well... I should really get going." She said hastily. As she pushes her glasses back over her eyes. He nodded his head and looked at the steering wheel. She kissed his cheek, "Goodbye Peeta." She whispered before backing away. She probably would never see him again. She jumped out of the truck and grabbed her bag that fell back on the floor from their very intense 'goodbye'. He rolled down the window as she closed the door. she started walking toward the office. "Wait!" He shouted. "Katniss!" She turned and looked at him threw the window. "Yeah." She called back. "Can I get your number?" He asked with his pantie dropping smile. "You want my number?" She asked. She didn't expect him to want to see her again. "More then anything." He called back. "O-o-okay. Sure." She walks back over to the truck and starts digging in her bag for a piece of paper and pen or something to write on. Her hand finds ahold of a pen but can't find a paper. "By chance, do you have a piece of paper?" "Yea." He reaches behind the passenger seat and pulls out a messenger bag. And starts digging threw it. "Aha, here we are." He rips a paper in half and gives one half to her and shoves the other in his bag. She takes out her wallet and writes her name and number on the paper and hands it back to him. He smile while reading and rereading the number on the paper trying to memorize it. "Thanks." He whispered. "No, thank you Peeta." She mumbled. She gave him one last look. Katniss turned around and walks to the office she's almost at the door when she hears Peeta saying something. She turned around again. "What? " She shouted. "I said, I'm glad I met you. " He called back. "Very glad." "Oh... Okay. " She yelled back."Bye Peeta." "Bye Katniss." He waved one last time before he rolled up the window and pulled out of the gas station and made a u-turn heading the way they just came from. She watches the white truck disappear and turns to reach for the handle to open the to the rundown gas station door. "I'm glad I met you too." She whispers with a smile. Authors note (again): I really hope you enjoyed it and once again I'm sorry for the mistakes. But tell me if I should continue this story or not, because I have the Second chapter done but I don't know if im gonna publish it yet. So...yeah. But Hey if you want to hang out on tumblr you can follow me at gotstolovemyfandomes dot tumblr dot com. Thanks!