turns to me. Where I've been. Why I left. If I was safe. If I was happy. I answer all but a few with, "We'll talk later," and turn the question around on her. What has she been up to? What has she done, seen, experienced since I've been gone? Has she been happy? I know most of the answers already, of course, from the agents that have been tailing her, but I pretend not to. If she's talking about herself she's not asking questions that it's not safe to answer yet. We may be in the car, but we have a long way to go until we're back at base, and until then it's best not to reveal a single shred of information more than absolutely necessary. Yes, we have a long way to go. Even a straight line between points A and B would take some hours, and our path is hardly a straight line. There are switchbacks, car trades, points at which we split up and points at which we meet again, and detours to safe houses both to throw off any followers and conduct a little business on the way. Half an hour into it I signal Foxy to hand back a bottle of soda with a few teaspoons of liquid-form sleep syrup mixed in, and Prim nods off within minutes. I sigh, slide off my sunglasses and rub at the bridge of my nose to ward off an impending headache. Then I unbuckle to start changing into more respectable clothes. I should have made Prim change before she fell asleep as well, to lessen the chance of someone recognizing the clothes she has now officially vanished while wearing, but oh well. Maybe knocking out your long-lost sister and best friend in one day is a bit much, but if I'm going to have the energy to show that den of hackers that I'm not one they should be messing with – oh, and then there's the ammo exchange at the turnpike, too, let's not forget that – I need my peace and quiet. I've just removed the pin from my t-shirt and pulled a pair of heels and an only moderately wrinkled suit jacket, blouse and pencil skirt from my backpack when Peeta stirs. I glance over up him, but I'm not too worried about it. That stuff is pretty strong. Even if he partially wakes up, it's unlikely he'll remember anything that happens right now. Fuck, why did I have to take him along? I shouldn't have even let him see me. I meant what I said to Prim: once you're in this life, there's no going back. What if he hates me for what I just did? Or – a trickle of cold runs down my spine – what if he never wanted to see me in the first place? What if he's mad at me for leaving? All of this and more wheels through my mind as he rubs at bleary eyes and tries to look around the car, but my face remains neutral and my posture loose and relaxed. I've got the skirt on and I'm wrestling with the blouse when he slurs, "Katherine?" "It's Katniss now," I correct, but gently. "How do you feel?" He groans. "Heavy. 'm I dead, Kat?" "No." I finish buttoning the blouse and reach over Prim to stroke the backs of my fingers across his cheek, because I can, because no one is watching, and because he won't remember it tomorrow morning. "You're not dead. You're just… starting a different life." He leans into my touch with a heavy sigh, gives a goofy smile and drawls, "Re-in-car-nation. Those Buddhists were right a-a-a-l-l-l-l-l-l along." I can tell he's slipping away again by the way his head is falling forward, but he manages to catch my fingers in his own and bring them to his lips. "Missed you, Kat," he mumbles against my skin. I retract my hand once he's asleep again, but I don't stop looking at him. At both of them. I only register that the car has slowed to a crawl when there's a tap on the divider. "First stop coming up, boss." I curse and whip out a mini makeup kit from a cup holder. Can't interrogate anyone looking like I just rolled out of bed, can I? Surprisingly enough, acne and under-eye bags aren't scary unless you're the one wearing them. But blood-red lips and eyeliner sharp enough to kill a man? Now that might just do the trick. Cinna taught me that. I take the handgun from my backpack as I step out of the car, and the sun glints off of the gold and mother-of-pearl plating. I don't need it, really – it's not like I'll be shooting anyone. I have people for that. But it rather completes the look, and plus, it matches my pin. I reach up and run the pad of one finger over the tiny mockingjay. I removed the tracking device and camera long ago, but it still feels like Dad is watching over me, somehow, even if he never made it long enough to see it delivered to me. Now Prim has one, and I may need to have one made for Peeta, as well. I'll have to keep an eye on both of them one way or another, no matter what happens. For now, though… "Keep an eye on them," I instruct before turning towards the safe house, and Foxy nods. I hope they both don't hate me forever for this. Then again, I eventually stopped hating Dad, so it's not impossible. And in the meantime, they'll have anything they want. They'll be absolutely spoiled; I'll make sure of that. Anything money can buy. And they'll be safe, too. If anyone so much as looks at them wrong – well. I flick the safety off the pistol with a small smile. Then they'd have to deal with the Mockingjay. And no one wants that.