could ask you the same question," Peeta says. "Look, I gotta get some sleep. Miss, Gale." He opened up his apartment, and went inside, then he closed the door. "Who's he?" Johanna asks. "My best friend, Peeta," he explains. "Ah," Johanna says. "He seems sweet. Anyway, um...I had a great time tonight. I left my number on your fridge." She kisses the corner of his mouth. "I'll see you around some time, yeah?" "Uh, yeah, sure," Gale says. "Okay," she smiles. "Night." "Night." She heads down the hallway to the elevator, and Gale steps back into his apartment, leaning up against the door after closing it. Rory's words circle in his mind, and he's beginning to believe them, especially after what Peeta had revealed. He had that look in his eyes, that same look he'd had when he met Lavinia fourteen years ago. October 2001 It was the first party that Peeta and Gale attended together since they began college. After spending two months arguing, pushing, and shoving at each other and trying to adjust as dorm mates, they decided that there was no better way to bond than to party. Gale had a friend by the name of Bristel who shared an apartment with a girl named Cressida, who was a hot, so that was all the motivation Gale needed. Peeta had been a little nervous because parties weren't really his thing. "This is why you're in college," Gale chuckled. "To party, get laid, and drink." "And somewhere along the way, pick up a degree or two," Peeta mentioned sarcastically. "C'mon, man," Gale prodded. "You're too uptight. You need to live a little. You've ignored that girl, what's her name?" "Clove." "Yeah, her. She's been throwing herself at you for weeks, and you've ignored her," Gale said. "What's with you? Do you... not like girls? Is there something you're not telling me?" "Dude, no," Peeta huffed. "I mean, not that there's anything wrong with being gay, but I'm straight as a board. It's just that...I don't know, I'm not in to the whole...try before you buy, thing, you know?" "Try before you-what are you? A grandpa?" Gale asked. "Dude, how do you think you find the right girl?" "Look, I'm not against dating, but I'm not in to casual sex," Peeta says. "It's not my thing." "You may not be gay, but you're such a woman," Gale chided. "Now come on." They walked upstairs to Bristel's apartment, and the party was already going. "I'm gonna go get a drink and say hi to Bristel," Gale said. Peeta nodded, shoving his hands into his pockets. It was crowded, and he gently made his way over to the snack table. He picked up a handful of chips, and began to munch, and he found a place to sit down. He was bored already, and he knew absolutely no one. "No, get away! We're through!" "Don't be such a bitch-" He looked up in the kitchen, and he saw a fair skinned, redheaded girl throw a drink in a brawny guy's face and stalk off. The guy wiped at his face angrily and he went to another part of the apartment. Peeta got up and he went in the direction of the girl. He found her sitting on the steps, swirling what was left of her drink in her cup. "Mind if I sit with you?" She looked up and she gestured to the steps. "Sure." He sat down next to her and sighed. "What's your name?" Peeta asked. "Lavinia," she said. "Yours?" "Peeta. Before you ask, it's Dutch." She studies him closely. "Yeah, I can tell it in your nose and jawline. Your accent is slight, as well." "How could you tell that?" "Anthropology major," she smiled. "Ah," he said. "I'm Art History and Business Management." "Double major, impressive," she said. "Why the Business Management, though? You don't seem like the type..." "I want to go into real estate," he explained. "But I just love art. I grew up working in a bakery, and my dad taught me how to design the cakes. I got into art that way." "Makes sense," Lavinia said. "You're smart, you paint, and you bake...what are you?" "Wha do you mean?" "You're like perfect," she laughed. "You're practically a god among men." Peeta laughed heartily. "Well, I appreciate that, but...I'm just a guy. There's nothing special about me." She appraised him. "We'll see." He smiled. Peeta and Lavinia had fallen so deeply in love, that it scared Gale. Suddenly, Lavinia became part of their little circle, a part of everything they did, and it grew once her sister, Annie came into the picture. Peeta utterly adored her, and she him, and Gale had questioned Peeta so many times about if he was sure if she was the right woman, and how he knew. "I just know," Peeta said confidently. "She's the woman I want to spend my life with." They married about halfway through their junior year of college, and they rented a tiny one bedroom apartment. It was a shoebox, but they loved being able to have their own space. Peeta and Lavinia had it in them to be together for the rest of their lives, but, sadly, nine years was all they got. Gale watched his best friend wade through the hell of the worst kind of grief he'd ever seen. Those were long, dark days, and it brings a fresh wave of pain to Gale's heart just thinking about it. That's what makes this whole situation crazy. He knows Peeta, he knows that he's a long-term guy, and he doesn't lie. He's open, he doesn't hide, he lets himself feel. The look in his eyes is real, and Gale knows that he's serious about his admiration of Katniss. He combs his fingers through his hair. But that's not even the issue. The real issue is: why does he even care ? Thanks for reading! Please let me know what you think so far.