good living, along with her father, a bookkeeper for the county, and they lived on modest means. Her father unexpectedly died, and eventually, her mother was fired for not coming to work. Terra's depression was so severe, she wouldn't come out of bed for days, and Katniss and her sister nearly starved. That's when Gale came along, taught her how to hunt and cure meat, how to garden, and it saved their lives. They became friends, though she knew that she was pain to him. She tagged along wherever he went, and if it weren't for his doting on Prim, he probably would have tried to shirk her presence because he was older, and he had his friends and his girlfriend, Cressida. Still, he stuck around with her scrawny little self, and taught her how to survive. Now, she wasn't as scrawny, she looked like a woman: curvy hips, narrow waist, good sized breasts that weren't too big or too small. She dried off, grabbed her uniform and pulled it on, then she fixed up her hair. By the time she was finished dressing, everyone else was up and moving around. She had a quick breakfast of toast, orange juice, eggs, and fruit preserves, then she found Rue. "I'm Rue Jackson," she introduced. Rue was slightly older, nineteen, maybe. "I'm Thalia Seeder's niece," Rue continued. "I've been told to show you what you need to do. The first couple of weeks are exhausting, I'll tell you that much," Rue assured as she tied up her apron and fixed her hat, "but you'll get used to it." She quieted and leaned in a bit. "Mrs. Winchester is very nice and gracious," elaborated Rue. "But Clove is the meanest little heifer if I ever did see one. She'll try to get under your skin, but don't let her. You're her maid, not a slave. It's okay to put her in her place. And if she gives you any trouble, just go to her mother." Katniss nodded. She followed Rue to the bells. "These bells are connected to each of the rooms in the house. If we had guests, then these would ring, but since it's just Mrs. Winchester and Clove for now, only these two will ring. As you can hear, neither one of them are up yet. Clove will be up in about twenty minutes, so we better get her outfit from Mrs. Wiress and get it pressed before she wakes up. Mrs. Winchester likes to sleep in. Your mother is assigned to Mrs. Winchester." Katniss pressed Clove's outfit for the day: a tweed skirt suit with a silky white shirt and stockings. Mrs. Wiress even had to fix up the hat that went with it. The bell from Clove's room rang, and Katniss finished pressing the outfit, then she carefully put it on the delicate hanger before heading upstairs. They went into the kitchen, where Thalia was finishing up Clove's breakfast tray. "You're going to go ahead and put the tray in the dumbwaiter," Rue explained. "Take Clove her outfit first, then grab her breakfast." Katniss did as she was told, and Clove didn't say a word, except to criticize. "Good morning, Miss Winchester," Katniss said jovially as she sat the tray onto the end table shakily. "You are new to service," she commented when Katniss began to make Clove's bed. "Katniss, you tend to Miss Winchester's needs first, then you tend to everything else," trained Rue. "Forgive me," Katniss said quickly. "Ugh, did you allow her to press this, Rue?" "Yes ma'am," Rue said. "I'm letting Katniss shadow me." "Well, your little shadow missed a whole side," Clove growled. "See?" The wrinkles were minor, but Rue noted Cloves anger. "Yes ma'am." "You stupid girl," Clove hissed. "Draw my bath, then press it again, and it better be right the next time." "Yes ma'am," Katniss said. Rue had been right about Clove. Katniss drew Clove's bath, then she went all the way back down to the washery, pressed Clove's outfit again, making sure to iron out ever last wrinkle, then she inspected it closely, just to make sure. The bell connected to Clove's room rang incessantly, and Katniss was sweaty already. It wasn't even eight am, and Katniss ran back upstairs and into Clove's room. Clove was sitting at her vanity, pinning up her hair, robe on. She got up and snatched the outfit then she inspected it again. "Hmph," she scoffed. "It'll do. You better learn quick, Everdeen." "Yes ma'am." It felt strange to Katniss, calling a girl her own age "ma'am", and part of her felt degraded by Clove's treatment. "You can't take any of it personally," Terra said to her later in the evening when it was time for them to retire. Katniss felt the wetness of a tear on her face. "She's so awful to me," Katniss cried quietly so as not to wake Prim. "How will she be when I'm used to her, this job?" "It doesn't matter," Terra said firmly. "You chose to do this job with me, so you're going to stick with it, or go back to school." "Yes mother," Katniss said obediently with a sniffle. "What was Mrs. Winchester like?" "I don't know how such a strong, but good woman like her gave birth to such a demon child," Terra lamented. "Are they really related to the real Winchesters?" "Yes," her mother confirmed. "Well, at least, that's what Sae told me, but until I hear it from Mrs. Winchester herself, I can't be sure myself. I want to say so, though, through marriage." "Well, maybe Clove's being aggressive has something to do with growing up around guns," Katniss mused. "Probably," Terra chuckled. "Go to sleep, dear." The thought of day two made Katniss cry all over again. For the first time in many years, she shared her mother's bed, letting her mother comfort her. Thank you so much for reading. Please review and let me know what you think so far.