or heal someone waving their hands, or just by thinking. They were called sorcerers. They were less than the people that could not do it, barely one in every thousand, but they were still part of the world. Only a few non-sorcerers knew about their existence, but they were still part of society. And, just like the others, they fought and died in the nuclear wars before the Dark Days. The survivors spread through the Districts, which were among the few places that had survived the war. Many of them would join the Rebellion, to fight against the Capitol's tyranny, and died as well. Since then, they were so few that they had pretty much become isolated. They had become part of the people, and lost sight of each other. So they had turned to each person teaching those of their children that could be sorcerers or sorceresses. Dad is one. He learned what he knew from his father, who had learned from his mother. We were part of a line of people that had descended from some important sorcerer family from many years ago, but their name had been lost in time. And now, it turned out that I could, too, do the same extraordinary things. They became useful. While I know how to do many things without using these new abilities, sometimes they are a great help in anything I attempt to do. Dad taught me the steps of how to control my abilities, and how to make them do what I need. One of the first things I learned was to change something's weight. Every day, I was expected to lift large, fifty-pound (or heavier) flour bags. I could have used my abilities to make them light as feathers while I carried them, but instead I chose to use it as a way to become fit, making the bags weigh from almost nothing to now, when I can pick a hundred-pound bag, make it weigh a half again and carry it without a problem. Cooling myself is great, especially when it is summer and I am working at the bakery ovens. I also learned to heal myself, which was especially good for when I got hurt in wrestling practice or when my mother decided I had to learn a lesson. Covering my nose to stop smelling awful things was quite good, too. And six months into my fourteenth year, I started to use them to make bread last longer without going stale, which usually meant that we were now able to eat fresher bread at home – my mother decided years ago that we had to eat most of the stale things instead of anything fresh - and, as a welcome addition, now Katniss could enjoy the bread we gave her for far longer. I had to be careful, lest I get caught, but there were no problems at all. And that is my life in summary. My name is Peeta Mellark. I am sixteen years old. I am five feet ten. I weigh one hundred and forty-five pounds. My hair is short and blond. My eyes are blue. My skin is fair. I live in District Twelve. And I am a sorcerer. I can do magic. A/N: Well, this is the prologue, which I hope you find interesting. I'd love to know your opinion through reviews, of course. When I read The Hunger Games, it was because my sister recommended them to me, and I was a bit skeptical, but soon I found myself hooked to Suzanne Collins' universe, and damn, it made me feel for the characters and the shitty situations they were in. I just wished that Katniss would get her head out of her arse and realize that, maybe, she could let herself love Peeta (I've been on Peeta Team since almost the beginning), but, well, even if it takes her almost two books to do it, it was worth it. Given that one of my other favorite universes is Harry Potter, I wondered how it would be if Katniss and Peeta had magic at their disposal. It would probably make their lives easier and more difficult, because on one side they could avoid some problems but, on the other side, they would be unable to use their powers willy-nilly (as I point out in Katniss' attempts to become invisible). The reason I picked both of their fathers to be the ones to tell them about magic is because, for both of them, their fathers are/were the one parent they felt most related to. Can you imagine Peeta's mother actually telling Peeta something that would actually help him? There will be other people that have magical abilities in the story. One or two of them will be surprising, and others will actually make sense. Other possibility I thought about when writing this would be about Katniss doing what is called "Mental Mind Travel" or a "Peggy Sue" from some point at the end of Mockingjay to the beginning of The Hunger Games . Showing how Katniss has to, once more, face the entire moment that changed everything, while this time actually loving Peeta, could mean that her entire future would change. However, I thought that this project was better. If any of you manages to write a good "Peggy Sue" with Katniss, tell me! I have no problem in saying that a few THG fics are going to play a bit of influence in this story. One of them is "When The Moon Fell In Love With The Sun" by Mejhiren, which has fast become one of my favorites, because it is delectable, well built and, damn, makes me goosebump when I think about what happens in them. If you have not read it, it is highly recommended. Those of you who are following Awakening (Once Upon A Time), fear not, chapter 8 is on the move. I am not going to abandon the story, it is far too good to do so.