my teeth. It's not until I pull his pants down that I relies how large the bulge in his boxers really is. I get pretty nervous and just continue to stare at it. "Catnip… can you." Gale pants. Oh crap, what do I say? "Sorry, you're just so hot I got distracted." Seems like a pretty good response. He's smiling at least, and it really wasn't a lie, he is too hot. I grab the hem of his boxers and slowly pull them down. I don't look until there all the way off, but when I do I'm shocked. He's huge, at least eight inches. I don't even relies my mouths open and I'm starring again, but apparently Gale does because he looks down and lets out a small laugh, while I blush a deep red. I push my embarrassment aside and focus in the task at hand. I reach out a stroke his member, causing him to moan. I then take the whole thing in my hands and nervously start to work up and down the shaft. He continues to moan as I do this, saying my name every once in a while. I'm really not knowledgeable in this field, so I don't really know what to do now to make him happy. I assume that since he tasted me I should do the same so I fallow my instincts and do just that. I start by just kissing the tip, which he seems to like. Then I try licking his shaft before putting as much of him into my mouth as I can. Since I can't put him all in me I stroke the bottom with my hand while I suck the top. This he really likes and he starts moaning my name like crazy, kind of like how I was earlier. After I little while I stop sucking him and just continue to stroke him so I can lick his balls underneath. I do this a couple times with him yelling my name. "Katniss… I'm gonna cum" he yells. Hearing this I move back to suck him again, still using my hand on his balls. He yells my name one last time before cuming into my mouth. I'm unsure of what to do at first but decide to swallow it so he doesn't think I didn't it, plus it isn't really bad. I wipe off my mouth and he pulls me back on top of him for a long kiss, before he flips me on my back and lays himself one top of me. I blush it the feeling of his member brushing against the outside of my pussy. I drug out of my thoughts by Gale's voice. "Catnip are you sure you want to do this, believe me I do, but I don't want to pressure you. It's your body and your choice, plus pregnancy. I mean as much as I would want to have a baby with you one day we both know now isn't the time." "Don't worry about pregnancy Gale, in the capitol I they gave me a shot before the games to keep me from getting pregnant, it last for a year so I can get another each year when I go to mentor." I try to reassure him. "Why, you're in the games, how would you get pregnant?" "I guess if someone tried to rape someone in the games and the victim got away they wouldn't want a victor being pregnant with a dead tributes baby, that's just my theory." He just nods before speaking. "Okay so we don't have to worry about that but what I'm scared of Katniss, is us doing this and you changing your mind. I don't know how I could live with that." He puts his head down and I smile a little at how ridiculous that is. "Gale, I love you, I'm not going anywhere even if you wanted me to. You're stuck with me." "Really?" "Really, and yes I'm sure, Gale I want you." I guess this is enough reassurance for him because he starts kissing me furiously while his hands wander my body. When he's done he positions himself at my entrance and looks me straight in the eye. "Ready?" He ask. "Ready" I assure him. Then, ever so slowly, he begins to push into me. I don't really feel anything at first but tense as his tip hits the thin bit of skin that makes me a virgin. He feels me tense and whispers hushing noises into my ear. Once I relax he gives me a quick peck on the lips then speaks. "If you need me to stop tell me." He reassures me. "Okay just please go slow." "Baby, I'll go as slow and gentle as possible." He slowly pushes into me and I wince in pain. I fight to hold back tears as he finally manages to push his entire length in. "Just tell me when" he whispers in my ear." I wait a few seconds to let the pain subside before telling him to move. At first his movements are slow, but we soon find a rhythm and pick up the pace. He pounding into me and the only words I can seem to remember are faster, harder and Gale. Gale is shout into the air as well, the look on his face tells me he's close. He moves his hand between our bodies and rubs my clit. I'm a moaning mess, just hoping I get the chance to come before Gale has to stop. I feel my walls tighten as Gale moves his head to my ear whispering "Come for me Catnip." This send me over the edge and I come, Gale fallows soon behind then collapses on top of me. We just lie there panting. At this moment nothing can hurt us not even the Capitol. "I love you." Gale tells me. Still out of breath I manage to choke out "I know, I love you to."