the real thing, Finnick," he said, quietly, and for the first time, Finnick believes him. He nods at Haymitch, and straightens himself up, ignoring the pain in his back and shoulders, and the tension and fury and fear that has crooked his body for the past decade. "Well, someone has to be." They clasp hands, Haymitch's fingers curling over the bangle on Finnick's wrist, as if he wanted to rub as much good fortune into it as he could. "Good luck." "Good luck." Ten: In Thirteen, he is worse than useless. Both he and Katniss are crippled by the nightmares crawling through their brains, but she at least has some worth to the rebels. So they coax her out of heating ducts and secretly feed her anti-anxiety medications and try to massage her fighting spirit back to life. As for him, well, when the orderly assigned to his wing of the Infirmary noticed that Finnick had bled all over the rough length of rope he'd spent hours twisting around his raw fingers, nobody gently removed it from his hands and gave him a pep talk about the healing process, and his importance to the cause. They just brought him some new rope. He can't do anything to help the war effort. He certainly can't be the Mockingly; he's never been anything more than a popinjay, and he symbolizes nothing but hedonism and the worst excesses of the Capitol. It's been six hard years since he stood balanced on the splintery prow of his grandfather's boat, rolling his body in time with the white-capped waves, trident gripped firmly in sun-burned fingers, ready to strike with deadly precision. And anyway, tridents aren't much use against machine guns. Nobody in Thirteen needs any clove-hitch knots tied or any nets mended, and there doesn't appear to be any use for any of the… extracurricular abilities he picked up in various beds (and other places, but that doesn't bear thinking about) scattered about the Capitol. He's on their side, and they clearly believe this, because they keep feeding him and the door to his hospital room doesn't lock from the outside, but he knows what they think of him. It's evident in every disdainful grimace and disgusted smirk. Water is carefully rationed in Thirteen, but he showers as often as he can, trying to scrub himself clean, always afraid they can smell it on him. What he was. What he is. What he always will be. So he plays a game with himself - the only game he has left. Every day, he counts how many times Katniss' cousin , Gale, looks at her with his big, shiny heart, in his big, shiny eyes. The total always equals the total number of times she simply fails to see it. But he's not actually sure if that game has any clear winners. But that's not really the game. Actually, the game is this: Finnick awards himself a point every time he keeps his pretty mouth shut around his screaming desire to tell Gale: " she doesn't love you, she doesn't love you, she doesn't love YOU." He always wins that game. Eleven: On their wedding night, it is Finnick who is nervous. Annie, tipsy on the bitter beer brewed in the bowels of Thirteen, dances around their room, still humming, joy blazing in her eyes. Finnick has not been anything like a virgin for a decade, but he cannot remember ever having sex purely and only because he wanted to; cannot remember a time when anyone condescended to care about his wants once he was naked and on his knees. He hesitates, unsure, wanting to make this perfect for her, but afraid, always, that she'll suddenly recognize him for the whore that he is, and be done with him. But as ever, his madcap Annie knows what to do. She spins to face him, her eyes sparkling in the dim light, and slides the zipper of her dress down, letting it slip from her shoulders to puddle at her feet. She stands before him, dressed only in delicate lace panties, baring miles of pearlescent skin and perfect, pink-tipped breasts. His hands tremble with desire, and he wants to taste every inch of her, but cannot fathom how to start, how to ask, how to show her how much he loves her. "Ahoy! Last one to the bed is a dirty land-lubber." He is a coastal child, and he has loved this girl for most of his life, and he cannot resist her challenge. He dives after her. Twelve: He wakes before her, inhaling and choking suddenly -and silently- on a mouthful of her hair, trying to suppress his body-shaking coughs. But she has been a captive for weeks, and a Victor for years, and immediately opens her eyes when she feels him move against her. She grins at him lazily, and drags her fingers down his neck and sternum, past his belly to the red-gold curls at the base of his stomach. He hardens in her hand, and she curls her free hand around his neck to pull him on top of her. He hesitates, and she moans and wraps her legs around his ass, and urges him forward. "Annie," he whispers, cradling her head in his hands, and looking down into her sea green eyes. "Do you want to? Do you want me?" "Of course," she gasps, "of course, Finnick, please." He needs no further permission, and gently, slowly, inexorably, slides inside her, inch by delicate inch, until she arches up against him, and begs him to move, to move , to fuck her, please. She babbles his name as he thrusts into her, and it is perfect. They are safe, and quiet and alone in their tiny bunker room, and there is nothing between them: no poetry, no demands, no chocolate-covered strawberries, no stupid songs, and no fucking games. A/N: Thanks for reading! Hope you enjoyed it! I'd love to hear what you think!