and for Peeta to be romantic with her. "You always order the same thing," Katniss chuckled as a waitress, by the name of Lavinia, served their shakes. "They've added ten more flavors, and you still order plain vanilla." Peeta shrugged with a charming smile. "Well, at least I'm consistent, right?" She rolled her eyes and sipped at her mint chocolate shake. "How are things going at the factory?" Katniss asked. "Pretty well," he said. "Dad and I have a meeting with some investors in Chicago to help move the expansion along. We'll be in the city for a few days." "Right," Katniss said. "Do you want me to take your suits to the dry cleaner? I have a few dresses that I'm taking, so it's no problem taking yours." "That'd be great, thanks," he smiled. Sitting in the diner, looking at each other adoringly, and having whispered conversations while listening to slow dancing songs made them feel like the besotted teenagers they were when they began to date. Hob's was their first official date, and they didn't say much of anything, really, both of them were too nervous, but Peeta took the initiative-he always did have charisma-and began the conversation to break through the awkwardness. It made them grin as they thought about how tender and innocent they were. Katniss took her husband in as he went over to the juke box to find another song. He was slender, but had broad, strong shoulders. He had to be fitted for most of his clothes, all of the Mellark boys did because they were bulky and tall. The result was that his clothes fit a little on the snug side, not that she minded, though. He used to wear his hair in loose waves, something which drove his mother crazy, but as he got older, and began to get into the business more, he began to comb it back. He was handsome, sure of himself, but not overly confident, and he was a good husband. He wasn't chauvinistic or demanding like some other husbands. He was helpful, and supportive. He had patience, which was the balance to her quick temper and impulsivity. Her love for him grew deeper and deeper, and she still marveled at the fact that she felt the way she did about him, that she was his wife, that she was Mrs. Mellark, and respected because of that, especially when marriage was the last thing she wanted when she was younger. It wasn't that she had any spectacular plans; she didn't want to go to college, she was planning on becoming an apprentice to Sae Newton, a seamstress in town, and continuing to help her mother and sister. Marriage and babies were the last thing she was concerned about. There were other, more popular girls who were getting engaged left and right before they even finished out their senior year of high school. There were several girls who decided to finish out their studies independently, as they needed more time to plan for their weddings and shop for their new homes. Katniss had rolled her eyes at that. But then Peeta spoke up. He came back and sat down. They laughed and danced together before Peeta paid for their shakes and they headed out to the park. Paylor Park was large and it had several trails, sitting and picnic areas, and a small pond. They walked together hand in hand slowly. "What are you planning on doing while I'm away?" Peeta asks. Katniss sighed. "Well, Cecilia's baby shower is on Wednesday afternoon, so I've got to go right after I drop you and your father at the train station. Then I need to get to some things around the house done. On Thursday, I'm helping Annie at St. Luke's with the Church auction, and that's about it I think." Peeta chuckled. "And here I was worried about how you were going to keep busy without me..." She lightly elbowed him. "Ha ha. You're funny, Mr. Mellark, real funny." Peeta knew full well that Katniss knew how to make the most of her time. Ever since they were in high school, she was possibly the busiest little bee he'd ever encountered. It took him weeks to get her to commit to a definite time and place for a date because she had so much to do. She was, even to this day, the most resourceful, frugal, and handy woman on the planet. He leaned in and kissed her. They walked along a trail, and it was dim, and they were both startled when suddenly, someone came from the left from where the trail split off, and nearly knocked into them. Peeta immediately shielded his wife, thinking that the stranger might be a mugger, but the person just took off down the trail. Katniss' heart was pounding, and Peeta took her into his arms. "It's okay, babe," he whispered, his own heart thrumming. "Did you hear that?" Katniss asked suddenly. "What?" Katniss thought that she was crazy when she heard a tiny, tiny whimper, and immediately, instincts that she'd acquired from watching others' children kicked in. But it couldn't be. In the next instant, there was wailing. The wailing of an infant. Mockingjay was ideal. But. There were lines drawn that laid between things other than Illinois and Missouri. Everyone understood this, somewhat, and it was tentative at best, but it was there nonetheless. So, it was ideal, modern, safe, and it considered 1965 to be another spectacular year of living in Mockingjay, where everything was expected to remain where it was, and as it was. So the moment Katniss took an abandoned negro newborn baby hidden in the bushes in Paylor Park into her arms and cradled and comforted the infant with her husband, Peeta, gently caressing the baby's tiny cheek with wonderment, those lines blurred and shed the smiling face of Mockingjay. Thank you for taking the time to read this, and please review! Feedback is always helpful.