my mouth opens, causing swift pants. "You love this. Don't you." He coaxes me, as I bite my lower lip. "Tell me. Tell me how much you like it." His fingers rub harder and I scrunch my eyes closed. But I can't answer because there's pressure building, and his mouth sweeps to my breast forcing my hand away. He grasps my braid in his fingers and pulls on it. It feels so good, the sucking, the pulling, the circles. Just when I'm at the edge of this building frenzy, he tears off my thong and his fingers enter me. I thrash, bow my back off the carpet, and fall off the edge I teetered on. The wine has heightened everything. Before I can settle, take a breath in, he sheaths himself in side me. It's so hard. But he doesn't move, he looks at me, waiting. "Tell me." I manage to choke out, "Fuck. Yes I love it." I'm reduced to a mess, because I want more friction. The hunger has swelled, not nearly sedating by my orgasm. He pulls out and slams back in. "Harder," I gasp. Then he's slamming against me, slick sounds with pants fill the air. I'm so close again, his relentless thrusts penetrating my thoughts, but he rolls us over. Suddenly I'm on top, kneeling on either side of him, with his swelled member still inside of me. I look at him confused, but his hands are behind his head. "Show me," He says, looking at my breasts instead of my eyes. "Show me how bad you want it." This causes a deep spark in my gut, and I slowly rise then slam back down on him. I fall with a grunt and my hands find his chest. I repeat the rising and falling on him. "You feel so good." Up and down, "So good." I shake my head from side to side, and his hands come up to my chest. He pinches my nipple. "Peeta," I gasp. "God, you're so tight." He says, thrusting up inside me. "Touch yourself," he demands, pulling on my breasts. I do as he commands and look at him. His eyes are focused on where we're meeting and I lose it, I am treading that edge again, my nails dig into his chest. I circle, slowly, deliberately and his eyes meet mine. I take my fingers from me and bring them to my lips. His eyes boar into mine and he says, "Shit." He grabs my hips and lifts me from him, before I can ask what he's doing his hips meet mine. He thrusts up into me. "Yes," I gasp. "Keep going, keep going." Keep going. It becomes a mantra in my head and he doesn't stop. Relentlessly he thrusts up to me. I lose it, and become a bumbling mess, my hands fly to my face as he keeps me in place. "Fuck Katniss, you should see your tits." I bounce giving him a show, but my instincts have taken over because I'm flying, soaring, off that cliff. "That's it babe. Bounce, fuck, you feel so good." I can't hold myself up and fall on top of him. He turns me onto my back and continues his relentless hard thrusting. But I'm sedated and perfectly a mold of jelly. His thrusts become ragged and off beat, I know he's close. "Come for me," I whisper, our eyes gazing at each other. He finishes inside me and I watch him as he comes undone. There's never been a more beautiful sight I've beheld. His head rests on my chest, I can hear his ragged breaths. I'm sure he can hear my thumping heart. Minutes slowly slip by and he chuckles, lifting his head to look at me. He picks me up and lays me on the couch on top of his chest. He reaches behind me and pulls the throw blanket that rested on the sofa's back on top of us. "Well fuck," he says once his breathing returns to normal. "We should have divorced a long time ago." I throw my head back and laugh, loudly, unladylike laughter that women were not supposed to make according to Peeta's disgraceful mother. But I can't stop the sinking feeling I get when I realize this divorce is real. I bite my lip and rest my head back on his chest. His hands rub circles on my back, soothing loops that almost make me fall asleep. And just when sleep is about to take me I hear him whisper, "I built a grave. In the primrose garden." I pick my head up and look at him. "Yeah?" I ask quietly. "Yeah." He responds, unweaving my hair out of its confined braid. He runs his hands through it as I stare at him. I rest my head back down on his chest and he takes a deep breath in. "Katniss?" I hmm in response. "Come home." I bite my lip and furrow deeper in his chest. "Peeta…" I start, but he cuts me off. "I can't sleep without you, and judging by your being awake at 3 in the morning, I know you can't either." He reasons, "We can rip the divorce papers. I can't be without you. I don't need children, I need my wife. We can do this together, you and me. It won't be perfect, but I know that we'll make it work…" I pick myself up, hugging the blanket to my body, and look at him. "Just… come home," he repeats. "Please." I bite my lip and glance around this dreadful apartment, this isn't home it's an escape. My eyes water when I look at him, that's when I realize he's home. I nod, "ok." I whisper. His smile returns, the first real one I've seen in such a long time. "Yeah?" he asks. "Yeah." I smile, and for the first time all night I know the wine has no longer drugged my thoughts; it clarified them.