but she didn't unbend. She'd screwed up; there was nothing funny about it. "Katniss," he said, dipping his head to look her in the eye. "You didn't do this on purpose? To, to mimic the bread that I gave you? That, the first time?" She whipped her head up to face him, surprise blazing across her features. The bread he'd thrown her, when she'd been curled up and starving among his trash bins, had been burned, but it was still the sweetest thing she'd ever tasted; the best meal she'd ever eaten, before or since. He'd burned it on purpose, she knew, so he could throw it to her; he'd taken a beating from his mother to give it to her. He'd saved her; her and Prim and her mother, and she could never repay him, even though she was still trying, almost a decade later. And maybe that was why it had felt so incumbent upon her to try to save him, before she began to do it entirely for his own sake. " 'm sorry," she said, softly. "I didn't mean, to be an asshole, even though I was! And I'm sorry, Peeta, I am , truly, but I missed you so much, and I was so mad at you, and I hate, that you don't know why, why all I think about is making sure you're safe." She gulped. "Don't you know, Peeta?" He dropped his eyes, shrugging slightly, and trailed his fingers across the burned bread. "Nooo..." she whispered, shakily. "No. Not because of that, you stupid idiot." His lips quirked, and she almost smiled as well; even when she was confessing her love, apparently she couldn't be civil. "I love you. I love you, and I want you and I need you, and you're mine and I'm yours, you stupid fuck. I don't care if you shut yourself away and don't talk to me again for weeks, because it won't change anything." She grabbed a handful of her blackened bread and crunched it between her fingers. "Sorry if you didn't know that, and sorry that I'm shitty at talking and having feelings and, just..." She sighed, nestling under his arm, which was slack, probably with surprise. She curled her fingers around the singed bread, and leaned her head against his shoulder. "My father, told me about old traditions, where even just a bite of bread supposedly gave people life." She inhaled sharply, and pulled a hunk of bread from the mess in his lap. She lifted it to his lips, and his blue eyes blazed, even in the dimness. "With this bread, I give you life." He dipped his head, and ate the bread from her hand, licking the crumbs from between her fingers until she shivered with pleasure, imaging his tongue curling around other crevices of her body. Suddenly, he leaned forward and kissed her, curling around her until she felt small and warm and safe . "With this life, I thee wed," he murmured, cradling her head against his chest, so she felt his heartbeat, slow and loud and never-ceasing. She wriggled in the cradle of his arms, not necessarily trying to escape, but just letting him know that she was not one of those women who would simply acquiesce, because she happened to love him. "No, Peeta, we need to do a toasting, otherwise it's not proper," she protested half-heartedly, not actually inclined to leave the tight circle of his arms. "Shut up, Katniss," he said, knocking the burned bread off of his lap, and pulling her onto it. He wrapped his legs around her, and for the first time in her life, she didn't struggle against that which was caging her. Instead, she welcomed it. "I think you already did enough toasting, to last us quite a while, my darling." It was almost full dark by the time they un-peeled themselves from the porch swing and went inside Peeta's house, still wrapped around each other. She had long grown bored of swatting mosquitos away from Peeta's bare neck, but he simply would not release her, and she would not force him. He hesitated, just two steps up the staircase leading to his bedroom, as if he was afraid to ask something of her that she would not give. So, she charged past him, and by the time he arrived in his bedroom, she had stripped to her skin and was sprawled on his bed, ready to make love however they both wanted. She could feel her body tighten with pleasure at the unadulterated joy on his face, when he saw her, open and wanting, on his bed. And she promised herself, that she would show him that there was nothing to fear. They were not safe. Neither of them would ever think that. They would never be safe. But they could be happy. They could be truly, easily, fiercely happy. And people would tell stories of the girl on fire and her love, the baker's boy, and the stories would mutate, as they passed through the different districts and the generations to follow. They would tell stories of how Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark saved the world; how they defeated the tyrannical Capitol and stopped the Hunger Games and ushered in a new era of democracy and self-governance, where every person had a chance to succeed. That would be their legend, and their legacy. But for all the interviews and exposes and broadcasts, nobody would ever truly know how they collaborated and conspired and how they built a life together. How, at their cores, they played the Games only to secure a fighting chance for the other; how each sacrificed himself or herself so that that the other might live. How they saved each other, every moment of every day, for ever and ever, world without end. For real real real . A/N: Thanks so much for reading! Hopefully you enjoyed, and I am so happy to hear what you think!