creamy neck and behind her ears as her mind went into overdrive. She kissed and licked at his jaw, tasting alcohol and linen and stubble, sighing as she felt his strong body pressed to hers. Effie felt his arousal, rock hard pressing firmly into her thigh, finding herself wriggling closer towards him, eliciting a deep groan from his throat. "Clothes." He growled, his mouth nipping at her collarbone as he unfastened her gown with one hand, pushing it down her arms and flinging it to one side. He moaned as her heavy breasts came free, and she gasped as his lips and stubble grazed the tender skin, taking a nipple deep in his mouth with flicks and sucks. She whimpered, fisting impatiently at his waistband, trying to shove the offending item towards the floor. "So keen, Effie." He drawled, smirking into her skin as she clawed at his hips, his breath hitching as his hand found her other breast, squeezing hard as he spoke. "Who was the one asking for 'another'?" His hands ran deliciously up her spine as if to respond, his mind in tailspin as he smelt her skin: exotic fruits and champagne. She twisted desperately at the drawstrings and his sole garmet fell, her breaths coming short as she stared at the length of him, moisture flooding as she imagined how he would fill her. She took him in her elegant hand, Haymitch's breath ragged at the sensations pounding through his body. She caressed him as he thrust into her palm, her grip tightening as the heat throbbed in her own centre. He met her eyes, Effie biting her lip lasciviously as he shoved his fingers into her soft hair, pulling her in for a ferocious kiss. His hand ghosted across her stomach, her body fluttering at the wave crashing through her, his kiss deepening and his hand pulling at her hair. His head swam with strawberries, his arousal almost painful as his fingers found the soaked apex of her thighs, her sighs swallowed by his mouth. She continued to stroke him, teasing him with her long nails as he traced her moist folds, Haymitch panting as she writhed further towards him, her thumb sweeping across his damp tip. Without further warning, he pushed two fingers into her softness, Effie incoherent as her eyelids fluttered close at the inferno blazing in her belly; muscles bunching and releasing as she trembled. "So tight Effie. . . so hot -" Pushing them in fully, he barely moved for a few seconds as a mewl was dragged from her pinked lips. He flicked her roughly clit with his thumb, her hips beginning to rotate as she sought the delicious friction he was painfully denying her. He suddenly pulled them out, and she cried out at the loss of him. Grabbing her chin he held her jaw tight in his other hand, making her look at him through hazy eyes. His lips were only a breath from hers as he slowly licked his large fingers, never taking his eyes off her as she tried to catch her breath. "Looks like there was another way to taste it too." His hot breath laced her lips, his tip brushing the edge of her centre Effie bit back a groan, squirming as she tried to get near him, bringing her own thumb up and licking the precum deliberately, "You'll taste like me at this rate." She saw his eyes turn black, and he silenced her with an aggressive thrust that had her crying out, her head tossed back as he bit and sucked at her neck, marks on her skin as she saw spots in the corner of her vision. He began to move inside her, her legs tight around his hips as he moved swiftly and mercilessly, her hips jerking sharply to meet his every hard thrust. Their tongues tangled, Effie sucking on his bottom lip, both quickly losing control. " Effie -" She sighed his name back, the sound scrambling his brain as she repeated it over and over again. Her body thrummed, gasping against his skin as her nails dug into his back, urging him on- this impossible, rugged, masculine man driving her to heights she'd not felt in years. She could feel the coil in her stomach tightening, his pace becoming steadily rougher, his movements only belied by the soft touch of his lips ghosting over her flesh. Stubble scratched at her hollow of her neck, and a deep moan ripped from her throat as the stool creaked under the strain of his strokes. Effie felt herself spiralling as he pressed his forehead to hers, looking down at her, his eyes so dark that she felt unravelled and worshipped all in one. He watched himself move inside her, the feeling of her so tight and slick making him grunt as a bead of sweat glinted at his forehead, his grip imprinted on her hips as his stomach crested towards release. "Haymitch. . . oh god, Haymitch. . " Her voice was hoarse, raspy, and his ears rung with the sound. His thumb found her clit and she whimpered as he roughly swirled around it, pressing and rubbing as she bucked towards him, writhing with need. She trembled, so close to completion, screaming and thrashing as she grabbed the damp hair at his neck, his strokes hard and possessive. He pinned her to himself, his breathing harsh as she felt herself rise and crumble, her orgasm ripping through her as she gripped his shoulders. Haymitch followed with a feral, guttaral groan, resting his head on her shoulder as he tasted the light film of sweat on her skin. She always tasted good. "Effie?" "Yeah?" She replied breathlessly, eyes sparkling as she ran a hand through her now messy hair. "Can I have those strawberries again tomorrow?" A/N: Hope you all enjoyed it, let me know what you think people! Your words give me inspiration, motivation, smut-spiration. . . hahaha. Minx x