some great secret. "Don't you worry that pretty little head of yours. He'll treat you right." Once the dinner plates are whisked away, I think we're done. But of course we're not. Silly me – have I forgotten already that I married a baker? Peeta pries himself from my side long enough to run inside and emerge moments later holding a cake. It's not big, but it is unmistakably a wedding cake, crafted with utmost care. Two modest tiers. Frothy billows of frosted sagittaria blossoms – katniss blossoms – and bunches of evening primrose blooms. Pine needles painted onto butter cream, complete with tiny birds nesting in the icing branches. Peeta must have spent the whole day on this, from the moment I left the bakery. Suddenly, I wonder if we shouldn't have waited a day so he wouldn't have had to rush, but then I think, No, if I gave him another day the cake would have been as tall as Prim. I can't make myself take a knife to this lovely creation, so Peeta is the one that cuts the first slice. The inside isn't off-white, as I had expected, but a swirling combination of butter yellow, pale cream and deep, rich brown. When I look to Peeta in confusion, he says, "I didn't know what flavor was your favorite, so I mixed the three most popular." Then he spears a forkful and holds it to my lips. "What do you think?" This is only the third cake I've ever tasted in my life, the first two being small, dense, molasses-sweetened logs baked in Seam ovens. They don't even compare to the real thing. This… The only thing I can compare this to is a muffin, if the muffin was spongy enough to melt away without even chewing and as sweet as honeysuckle. I forget to answer Peeta's question, but judging by the way he laughs as I steal the fork and, with it, another mouthful, I'd say he gets the message anyway. After that, everything runs into a heady blur of crumbling, sugary frosting and mourning dove coos and fireflies and blue evening shadows, and before I know it, Peeta has picked me up again to carry me across the doorway and our families are singing the traditional toasting song. Prim's voice is high and breathy amongst the Mellarks' robust, surprisingly tuneful tones, and my mother's alto inflections ring out alongside it. My sister gives me a happy little hop-wave combination in the moment I catch her eye, and then the door shuts behind us and the last verse is muffled. The living room is located directly above the front room of the shop, so the windows face out onto the town square. Peeta throws these windows open wide as soon as he sets me down on a faded but elegant sofa and a cool breeze sweeps through the room, washing away the moist heat within moments. Then he returns and we kneel together in front of the fireplace. Tomorrow Prim and my mother will return to help me transfer my belongings to the bakery – my new home, I realize once again – but for now, we are alone. It's a startling concept, one that ignites a damp heat low in my belly, and I find myself watching Peeta closely as he constructs a neat teepee of twigs in the grate. How did I get here? When I woke up today I was poor and without so much as a sweetheart, and content that way. Now, not twenty four hours later, I'm wealthier than I ever imagined and married to the boy that saved my life as a child. Together we build the fire, and together we tear into the loaf of bread Peeta baked for this express purpose. It's a sweet bread, thick with nuts and raisins and cinnamon and – "Oh," I whisper, "This is –" I look to Peeta for confirmation, but he just tilts his head quizzically. "This is the same bread. The same kind you gave me that day in the rain. I never seem to get over owing you for that," I add, my thumb rubbing over one corner of the loaf. He blinks a few times, and then understanding flares up in his eyes. "The bread? What? From when we were kids? I think we can let that go. I mean, you did just marry me." "But you didn't know me. We had never even spoken. Besides, it's the first gift that's always the hardest to pay back." He shakes his head with a smile. "I told you, you don't pay back gifts." And then, because I must look unconvinced, "Here. Want to pay me back for the bread? You can feed me this." He presses the rest of the loaf into my hands before turning and starting the fire with one efficient match swipe. We feed logs into the brick maw, and then, once the fire is burning hot, we stab toasting forks into two thick slices of nut bread and hold them close to the flames until the crusts curl and the edges turn golden brown. And then, ever so gently, we turn and offer each other the slices. The scent of ash and fire lingers in my nose as I sink my teeth into the taste that brought me back to life six years ago, and I've barely swallowed before Peeta pushes aside the forks and fits his mouth to mine. The heavy heat that sits low in my belly only worsens as my lips part and our tongues touch for the first time. I taste bread and sugar and well-seasoned pork on him, and it fans the spark into a flame. I thought I was something of an expert on hunger, but this is an entirely new kind. And so, while Peeta presses me back into the carpet and whispers proclamations of love against my lips, I sigh into his mouth and indulge in it.