left my vein. I know it's impossible, but I can still feel the unyielding press of slippery-smooth metal against my back. I tape a thick square of gauze over the wound with little trouble. Then there's nothing left for me to do but pace. My feet scuff against the floor. I'm exhausted even without the help of whatever was in that IV, but I can't let myself sleep. It's too foreign, and at once, too familiar. I was asleep before I woke up here, or at least I must have been. Or was I dead? Can one be dead before they are alive? Could they be the same thing, death and sleep, the only difference being that one is temporary and the other is forever? No, I cannot sleep. At least, not here. What if I open my eyes and I'm back where I started, cold and vulnerable all over again while Beetee and Seneca and Peeta watch my systems initialize? Or, more disturbing yet – what if I simply don't wake up? I only just became aware today; I can't die yet. There's so much I want to see, so much I want to discover. All I've seen so far is this small, gray room. And then it hits me, and it's so obvious I wonder how I didn't think of it the moment Peeta left. He never said I wasn't supposed to follow him. In fact, he probably meant for me to. Yes. Of course he must have. He's been with me since I opened my eyes, only leaving to fetch food. He kept me warm. He defended me when Beetee said something harsh. Warmth, food, protection – these things mesh in my mind, triggering something in that deep, primal, definitely-organic corner of my brain. Peeta is my… The word won't come. Caretaker? That's almost it. Oh well. The word doesn't matter, only what it means. And it means that I'm in the wrong place. Anyway, Beetee never said I had to stay here. My brain – the synthetic part, probably – is already supplying me with the steps to picking a lock by the time I set my hand on the doorknob. But, as it turns out, I don't need to. The knob turns with a chorus of soft clicks, the door eases open and the rush of warm air flows over me. Something new is singing through me, staving off my need for sleep. It's bubbly and light, as if it might lift me off my feet and into the air. I think it's excitement. With an anxious little hop, I step out into the hallway. Tracking Peeta was surprisingly easy. Although, not all that surprising, if I stop to think about it. I knew how to assess and dress a wound and how to pick a lock. It shouldn't strike me as strange that the skill of tracking, of hunting, of following and finding is in me as well. The path was simple. I saw him turn right when he left the gray room, so I turned that way as well. When the beige hallway ended, after countless closed doors and plastic-curtained windows, I had three options: turn right, turn left or step onto what my brain identified as an elevator . My gut said he wasn't on that floor, so I tapped at the button beside the closed doors until they slid open. I knew that was the correct path as soon as I entered the gently humming space. His scent lingered there, faint but unmistakable. The buttons proved to be a problem. Which floor did he choose? There were so many buttons, all bronze and gleaming. Part of me wanted to simply push them all and see where I ended up. Another part of me was, thankfully, more sensible, and I settled on squatting on the balls of my feet, scanning the buttons with a careful eye. Each and every one of them was pristine, shiny, very obviously recently scrubbed free of fingerprints. All but one. Floor twelve. Now, I skip down the dark hallway, nearly laughing out loud. They couldn't have made this easier for me. The plaque next to the elevator read Staff Quarters , confirming my choice of floors, and every single door is labeled with a name. The alphabet falls away behind me, and I'm starting to wish I had found out Peeta's last name when I reach the Ms, and there it is. Mellark, Peeta. This door isn't locked, either, and I didn't expect it to be. He probably anticipated my arrival and left it unlocked accordingly. It swings open soundlessly and I slip inside, being careful not to make a noise when I close it behind me. The space I find myself in is nearly pitch black and blessedly warm and begging for exploration. But now that I'm here, I'm reminded of why I came in the first place. Sleep. Safe sleep, not drugged sleep. A cozy nook in the darkness and another breathing body to snuggle up to. And all at once, the burst of energy is gone, drained away to nothing and leaving me wearier than I was in gray room. The promise of a comfortable nest urges me forward, longing softening the backs of my knees until I stumble. I can hear his breathing, see the vague outline of the table he's sleeping on. Table? No, something else. Bed. I put out my hands and the heat of his body touches my palms. Moving as cautiously as I can, so I don't wake him and deprive him of a few precious moments of rest, I lift a corner of the coverings and slide underneath, and, oh. Oh, it's warm, and soft, and the smell of him is everywhere. I wriggle closer, daring to touch my feet to his calves, and my head sinks into the pillow beside his. Already I can feel myself fading away into unconsciousness, and this time, I don't fear it.