that'll be the reason why we're no longer speaking, but I sincerely hope that's not ever the case. I wanted this to be the perfect end to a perfect week, which would, ideally, provide the start to a perfect life with you. Honestly, I don't care how clichéd it's going to sound, but I seriously want to spend the rest of my life with you, so I'm sorry if that won't happen. I was planning- for more than months, admittedly- exactly how this would happen, including all the smallest details. I was really hoping that they would all happen exactly as I wanted them to but, if you're reading this, they obviously haven't. Now, the important things. I may have kept this clearing from you for too long, but for a good reason. I've been preparing this for you to the finest details again. Although it may look beautiful now- and it did before, too- I've been helping it look so good. Only I have been caring for the flowers, keeping the grass short, and building things of stone. Because I've been building everything, I can hide something that I should keep on me at all time, but I won't, just in case something like this happens, when you could be here without me. Really, I want to be with you when you find what I'm talking about, so I can see your reaction, but I won't if you're reading this. Saying that, however, maybe I've gone for the Games and you've found it before I've got home. If you have found this note, you will have looked under the sofa-type stone structure. Can you see a group of stepping stones across the river? Go across them- carefully, of course, because I won't be there to catch you- and you should see a stone with a hole in the middle, but a piece of material covering the front. Lift it up and you'll find your birthday present inside. What do you think you'd say? After Hope follows his instructions exactly and she lifts out a little box, she sits down heavily on the ground and stares at it. "Not again," she whispers. "Please don't do this to me again." Despite saying this, she holds her breath, sliding her finger around the edge of the lid, and allows the warm tears to slide down her cheeks, landing on the dress that lies across her knees. When she finally braves flipping the lid off of the box, she first looks at the short note on the inside of the lid, explaining where the money for the surely expensive gift came from. I'm sorry that I didn't save up for years to buy this for you because, if all goes to plan, we're going to need the money that I've been saving. This was my mum's great grandmother's. Slowly, almost regretfully, she looks down at the little ring, which must have been carefully placed on a soft, old cushion. The band is made of rosy golden colour of gold, tiny leaves made of the precious metal. Held at the front of the ring is a small, clear diamond, which reflects the bright early morning sunlight that has begun to appear above the trees. She smiles wishfully as she unclips the clasp of the locket, so she can slip the ring onto it, too, where the long chain will sit against her kicking baby bump. She rubs it gently and says quietly, "Of course I'd say yes, you desperate little boy. I may have been crazy then- and of course I'm crazy now- but I would never say no to that. I loved you so much , even if I wouldn't admit it, and I need you here, now, to help me with our baby. Please." A few months after she returned from her Victory Tour, Hope gave birth to a blonde girl with brown eyes, called Oriana Gradwell; to everyone else, she was called known as Evamore Nightingale, because they all believe that Hope adopted her to keep her preoccupied, during the time when she was "ill". During Hope's "recovery time", her family went to stay in the Capitol, but they never returned. However, two and a half years later, she finally went out with Oakley, after receiving constant "warnings" from Snow that she took as threats towards her daughter. Four years after Oriana was born, Hope married Oakley, and she slept with him three months after that; at this time, she was taking Capitol drugs to prevent a pregnancy, whilst still making the person seem as if they were pregnant, so that Hope could adopt later and convince everyone that the child was actually hers. Five months later, Hope gave birth to a second daughter called Aspen because the drugs did not take effect as soon as she realised. Because of the fact that the drugs were working against the pregnancy, on top of her months premature birth, Aspen was born incredibly small and frail, with problems with normal things occasionally, like trouble with walking and breathing. Author's Note: The sequel's finally up- yay! I hope that it's everything you wanted it to be so far, although it hasn't really begun. For the prologue, I thought I'd just throw in a twist, and then the actual story will begin about eighteen years later, when Oriana/Evamore (I'll call her Eva, just to make it easier) is seventeen years old *hint: that's the year of the Seventy Fourth Hunger Games* In the next chapter, Eva spends the last day/night with Aspen and Hope, before Aspen's first reaping. There's not really much else to say, but I hope you enjoyed this and continue to enjoy it in the future! Review! Quickly, however, I need to find out if Miss RadMalfoyCookie has been, somehow, finding all my notes for this story and I Volunteer, so that she can "predict" what will happen... As well, I wonder if there's anything else she'd like to predict? Review (again?)!