at the boy behind her. "As I have said, the kingdom holds no hope if you are unsuitable for the throne, if I am due to take it." "Both of you could or will be incredible queens," disagreed a male voice, which came from behind Willow. Willow allowed a smile to pass her lips as she turned to face her best friend, curtseying. "How would you know, Mr Odair?" "You are wearing hunting boots under your dress. What better sign do I have then that?" Nick teased. Willow blushed a little. "Where else do you think I plan to go? I have the right to do what I wish and wear what I wish." Nick chuckled. "And you, your grace?" He turned to Katniss. "Would you allow her to go into such dangerous grounds, if you had the choice?" "As long as she has someone like you, who will stay with her, she should be fine," warned Katniss. "However, how do you plan to manage to get away today, when you had your day off last week?" "I am due to gather food at some point this week, so why not use that as my excuse?" answered Nick. "What happens if I do not want to just gather food?" moaned Willow. Nick shrugged, and then smiled. "I suppose I will just have to persuade you, then." Katniss smiled, too, as she walked forward. "Just be careful, you two. Look after her, Nick, unless, Willow, you plan to come with me first?" She glanced back at her daughter, to see her nod. "You must only wait a couple a minutes, then, Nick." Katniss started walking forward again, glancing back only occasionally to see her daughter talking to her best friend, her hand in his. They had been best friends from the moment that Willow was born, as Nick was just under two years older than her. Katniss knew that there was a desperation in both of them that meant that they wanted to both be more than just friends, but neither had said anything, yet. At the main entrance, Haymitch was waiting, his Palace uniform ironed to perfection, despite the grave look that was written across his tired face. He said nothing, but bowed to the two women as they walked across the threshold, before he shut it after the boy and girl entered he hall. Then, he got to the front of the group, to lead them into the Hall. As the door was pushed open, Haymitch turned to them and said softly, "Be prepared for trouble. You cannot expect something good to happen all the time." Katniss nodded, her hands clenching around the skirt of her dress as she followed the butler into the Hall. However, as soon as she looked up at the opposite wall, the terror dropped from her face as she let go of her skirt and covered her mouth. "Good Lord. Is that really you?" Instead of waiting for the answer, she ran forward, towards the man who was in front of her. "Katniss, wait," Haymitch called, but it was no use. By the time the words had reached Katniss, she had already reached the man on the other side of the room. She was about to fling her arms around his shoulders, when he reached up and wrapped his fingers around her neck. There were less than two seconds between the time when his fingers began to tighten and Nick ran forward, knocking him to the ground. However, when the older man began to focus his attacks on the boy, Willow pushed him down again and grabbed her bow off her back. Then, she grabbed an arrow from her quiver behind her and aimed it at the man, without thinking twice. Glaring at the man who tried to attack her mother and her best friend, she saw that he was so painfully thin that his bones were visible, beneath his near-white, almost grey skin. He had bruises and cuts across his face and any visible skin, and his once bright blue eyes were haunted, suddenly dark and almost black. "Who are you, to threaten these two?" asked Willow, not dropping the bow from pointing at the man's neck. Nick stepped forward and took hold of the young girl's wrist. "Willow, do not-" The man went to move again, but was suddenly close to Willow's arrow and fell back down, although his eyes followed Nick when Willow pushed him back. "Haymitch," Willow whispered, "get something to hold him down." She waited until she heard the butler leave before she repeated, "Let me ask again, how can you threaten my mother?" "Your mother?" The man waited for Willow to nod, before he replied, "That mutt over there was my wife." It took a few seconds for the man's words to sink in and, even after they had, Willow waited until he had been held down with handcuffs before she lowered her bow and arrow. Then, she sat down, cross legged, on the floor in front of him and stared at him, blue eye on blue, before she said, "Mother, tell him your story." There was no response, so she repeated herself. When Katniss took a deep breath and began the story she told her daughter earlier, Willow shook her head. "The whole story." Author's Note: This is a rewrite of my original story and will be a one-shot, until I bring this story off hiatus when a couple of my other stories have finished. However, until then, I would really like to know either what you think of the first chapter as a rewrite, as a new story, or what you think of the story in general. The rest of the story, as you may have guessed will be what Katniss tells Peeta, and what Willow hears, too. If you read my original story, I hope you enjoy this, too. If you are new to this story, welcome and I hope you enjoy it! Please review!