the cold earth. Had Greasy or Haymitch dropped by at the right moment? Had Delly called? Did he catch sight of the picture of Gale on the hearth, with his two sons hanging from his tricep? "You woke up…" he said as if it was obvious. "When I was crouching and going in for just one last kiss, you woke up and kissed me back…" I remember more clearly now. It had been at the stage of the pregnancy when hormones were kicking in. Waking up to a crackling fire and Peeta kissing me had consumed my senses. I hadn't even thought to ask why he'd been dressed more warmly than before, or in his boots strapped with a canteen. All that had been tugged away quickly in my hunger for him. "So was that sex so incredible because it was meant to be goodbye sex?" He finally laughs a little again. "No…that sex was so good for you because you were drunk on baby hormones…it was so good for me for the same reason it always is…because it reminded me I was alive. And I knew I wanted to stay that way." " Do you need me?" He had demanded over and over as he pumped into me with more force than he had since we'd found out I was expecting. I was wild with it, egged on by his recklessness. I was too busy digging my heels into his back and meeting him thrust for thrust to answer him at first. When I finally did, it was a broken moan of "More than anything.." I'd meant inside me. Deeper, harder, closer. I'd hoped my answer would keep us going all evening. " Then I'm not going anywhere." I realize now that my need hadn't just kept us making love until well after the sun had went down. It had kept Peeta with me until this very moment. Alive. He sees it dawning on me. "You're scared of how much you need me…when the way you need me has been all that's kept me breathing more than once," Peeta puts my realization in words. We're broken shards. Our fucked up puzzle pieces fit together though. Maybe they don't quite make us whole, but they fit as one snugly enough that we're more than just ruins on the floor. "It wasn't the last time I thought about it…my mind would wander there briefly any time after an attack…or a nightmare….but it never got that far again. You were always close by…needing me." "I'll always need you…" I promise, the truth being easier to admit now that I knew how much it meant to him "so you can't go anywhere…ever…because I'm always going to need you…and now she needs you too…even more than me." We both just look at each other, faces pressed close as I realize we've come full circle. I'm now basically begging him to care about our daughter more than me if it's enough to keep him sane. Great. Now I'm using her as a bargaining chip. "And you're always going to be what keeps me breathing, Katniss." He kisses my lips this time, and it's so pure that I feel silly for ever worrying that something could overshadow this feeling. Our child will only deepen this bond. The heart I was worrying I didn't have earlier suddenly contracts with need for her to be closer. "Peeta-" "I'll go get her," he breathes against my mouth, but before he can move I hear someone clear their throat and we look over to see Haymitch has our daughter carefully balanced in one arm. I survey quickly and note the other hand is surprisingly free of a bottle. "Well, sweetheart...it looks like they're already fast at work on a sibling" he says looking down at her, then shooting back at us "you know there's a supposed to be a six week hiatus on…all that." I ignore his quips, and stretch out my arms for my child suddenly possessive of her. Haymitch reads me, and soon she's settled in between the two of us. "Cinnamon," I finally say, running my thumb under her chin. "That smell's from the bread…do you want some-" "No…I mean that's her…that's our daughter…Cinnamon." "After Cinna? I thought we decided-" We'd decided long ago that despite the urge, we'd never hang the name of a fallen friend or family member on our child. We didn't need memories staring back at us in the eyes of our children, and they didn't need ghosts weighing them down even in their names. "No…not after Cinna…" Though I can't deny that as I look at her, I feel as if I've finally made something so beautiful that even the master of it would be proud. "Whenever I smell you I feel safe…and more than anything I just want to make her feel safe…and today you smell like cinnamon…so that's her name. Cinnamon." Peeta smiles and I know he's probably thankful it wasn't cheese buns he'd baked today. "You look like you'd like to hold her again…" I tease my jealousy and my guilt over the jealousy having faded after our understanding. Now my reluctance at handing her over to her father is borne of a new sense of possession. The one I feel over her. I know Peeta feels it too though, and I can see his arms are itching. "You're right…I do want to hold her again…I'm never going to get tired of holding her." Before I can place the babe in his arms, Peeta settles into the pillows and slides his arms around me, encasing my weak body with both his legs and arm. He traces an arrow shaped pattern on my arm, one of his thousand little signs of endearment that have developed over the last decade, and then pads the same finger over our daughter's bow shaped mouth. I don't think of myself as any less depraved, but once again I'm lulled by the possibility of happiness.