"Marvel?" she coughed Disappointment and jealousy filled up inside Cato, "Shh," he softly said "He is out hunting with Clove" Cato helped her up and builds her strength. She got up in his arms. "Careful" he said "I'm fine" she stated "I need to find Marvel." Cato's anger got the better of him "No surprise there then!" he snapped while slamming his weapons to the floor. They waited in the small cave in silence for what seemed to be hours. They kept glancing at each other with fury. Until hell broke loose in Glimmer. Her blood was boiling "That's it" Glimmer demanded "I'm going to find him" trying to find the exit between all the rocks Cato rushed after her "Glimmer" he yelled He caught up to her while they were at the river. The river was a long, ocean blue stream swaying up into the mountains at the other side of the arena. It was a calm and relaxing environment in this part of the arena, almost like no-one could get hurt. He grabbed her arms pulling back. She stopped for a split second to admire the scenery; she turned to find Cato rushing after her. She grabbed her weapons and headed to the forest "You will get hurt!" "I can handle it" she said rushing through the trees "It's against thresh!" she stopped to face him with a shocked looked on her face. "We need to get to him quick!" They both starting running through the forest rapidly. They ran non-stop until they got to the cornucopia to find Marvel and Clove approaching thresh. The cornucopia was completely bare. You could see Clove and Marvel hiding behind the cornucopia waiting for thresh. "Marvel!" Glimmer screamed from the other side of the cornucopia. Cato grabbed her by the waist to stop her from running to him. "Marvel!" she repeated. Marvel looked over to her with a sigh of relief. He left clove's side and sprinted over to Glimmer. As he was sprinting towards her Thresh appeared from the other side of the forest used a bow and arrow and it hit Marvel right in the chest. He fell to the ground coughing. Glimmer kicked Cato in the leg just like in training and went rushing over to Marvels side. Cato then ran over to fight Thresh for Glimmer. Once Glimmer reached Marvel she stroked his hair back promising everything was okay "Glimmer" he tried to say "You have to win this!" he coughed. Tears streamed down her face "Marvel I promise I will!" His last moments were Glimmer kissing his forehead. It was a quick moment, they didn't have much time, she knew her and Clove needed to find shelter. He passed away as soon as Clove reached them. Glimmer was trying to wipe away the tears Clove grabbed Glimmer by the arm and rushed her back to the cave "Come on!" she yelled. Glimmer left Marvels side blowing him a kiss. She knew he would watch over her Chapter 13- They had reached the cave and were eating the remains of their food left from their backpacks. It was down to the last 4. Clove, Cato, Glimmer and Thresh. Clove decided to go and find Cato. Before she left she gave Glimmer a massive hug "What was that for?" Glimmer asked "You know why" she stated as she left. Glimmer decided not to waist her energy on stopping her. She admired Clove. As well as being so young she was so strong. She didn't have anyone telling her how to act, or what to do; she was herself no matter what. As well as putting up with Cato, she was tough without him. Glimmer was then left alone. This gave her time to grieve about Marvel. She was devastated and broken. Coming in the cave was Cato; he had blood and cuts all over his body. Glimmer rushed to his aid as she carefully placed him down. He handed her a sponsor package. It read Glimmer, It's near the end. Remember what I said? Now's the time- Cashmere. And with it was attached medicine. She used the medicine all over Cato's chest massaging it in. "What's this for?" he curiously asked "For everything you've done for me" she then buttoned up his shirt and pushed his hair back "This is your reward, remember? I'm paying you back" "It's worth it" he coughed "Just me and you now Glim" She snuggled into his arms and they slept silently for ages. After they slept Cato and Glimmer had their strength back. Glimmer kept thinking about what Cashmere said, she knew she would have to step it up if she wanted to survive. He was helping Glimmer stretch. He was pulling Glimmer back and forth strengthening her leg muscles. He was crossed legs and she was nearly doing the splits he was stretching her so far "No sign of Clove?" Glimmer asked as she continued going closer the Cato "She obviously went after Thresh, I'm sure she's dead by now." "Shame" she suggestively said "Not our concern" he coldly said They stopped stretching and lay down. "Cato" she asked. "What was your first impression of me?" she gave her seductive smirk to him "Hot" he cheekily replied. "Nah, I thought you were stunning, obviously, and flirty and generally a good catch." "For me, not Marvel" She started giggling as he got closer. She wrapped herself in his arms as he secured her by placing on hand firmly on her bum and the other she used supporting her head. "What about me?" he asked "I thought you were vicious and arrogant" she paused to see Cato's reaction. "In a hot, bloodthirsty way" she joked. They gazed into each other's eyes as Cato moved in on her and they passionately kissed. Their lips locked and the fireworks started. She enjoyed every second of it even though she knew she shouldn't. "Let's just stay here" she suggested "no more challenges" "I couldn't agree more"