few inches in front of her and takes his helmet off. The first thing she sees is fiery red hair, the second, Darius' fierce and narrowed eyes. "What are you doing?" He snaps, pulling Katniss with him towards the direction she came from. She tries to fight him. He's going the wrong way. She has to get home, to Prim. Everything in her being needs to get back to the Seam, she can feel it. She can't go back there. But her attempts to shake him off are futile, it's like she's a rabbit trying to escape a steal snare. It's absolutely useless. And the harder she fights him, pulling her left arm from his grip, the stronger his grasp becomes. This is not the Darius she's used to: the Darius who jokes with her at the Hob, the Darius who tries to make her as uncomfortable as possible. This is a possessed and angry Darius, practically dragging her through a foot of snow back to Mellark's bakery. "Are you trying to get yourself into trouble?" He bites out more forceful then ever, "If Cray sees you, you'll wish you were dead." "I have to see my sister." Katniss' voice matches his, her tone just as heated and vile. Darius chuckles darkly, "And what use will you be to your sister if Cray has you?" She doesn't want to go back inside. Unlike when she first knocked on the bakery door, she now only feels dread. "I have to at least try." Darius stops in front of the Mellark's back door. "You know as well as I do that you didn't come here to trade for your sister or to trade with his father." Darius pauses, finally letting go of her arm and shifting his helmut into his other hand. She wonders how he knows, how anyone knows when she hasn't breathed a word of it. "People talk." "I don't want people talking about me," she states. "Look," He starts, "I get that your scared, b-." She cuts him off, "I'm not scared." "Terrified then," he smiles at her harsh scowl. This is the Darius she knows. The one who gets on her nerves just for the sake of annoying her. And she wants to remain angry at him, but his stupid smile is threatening to make her smile, so she averts her eyes, afraid of what will happen if he actually sees her. Because like Gale, Darius can see right through her. "I have to give this to Prim." She gestures to the bag of bread at her side attempting to sound as honest as possible. Because Prim does need this. She can feel the bag torn from her clutches, as if it was the last of her resolve slipping. "Don't worry about it," he responds, taking the responsibility for himself. He steps back from her and puts on his helmet, then pummels the door as if a completely different person. The door flies open to the relieved face of Peeta Mellark, as if he had been waiting there the whole time. And before she knows it, she's thrown into the bakery, landing harshly on her knees. "If she's caught outside again, she'll be shot on sight." Darius threatens and slams the door shut. For the second time tonight she meets the gaze of Peeta Mellark, and unlike the first, she's thrusted back to when they were in reversed positions. When he was stuck at her home, now she's stuck here. And everything in the room takes second priority to Peeta's piercing blue eyes. "Hi," He greets her, pulling her to her feet. "Hi." "Are you ok?" He asks, searching her eyes for any possible lie. Her own eyes match his, memorizing the vast colors she didn't dare to last time. "I'm fine." Because she is fine. He smiles slightly, rubbing the back of his head. "So I guess you're stuck here." Theres a slight pause. Then, "I'm sorry you couldn't get home." "There are worse places to get stuck," she answers. Because there are. Peeta grins fully, his unusually strait teeth for District 12 flashing, "I'll take that as a compliment." "Yeah, I could be at the butchers." Katniss says, thinking about the greasy man next door to the Mellark Bakery who looks at her as if she were meat rather than a human. "Ah, but I'm sure you'd be showered in food." "But what is Gragg's meat compared to your sausage, Peeta." Katniss hears someone say from across the room. Peeta turns around violently to reveal one of his older brothers smiling at them with a tint in her eyes. "Get out of here, Rye." Peeta snaps. "He's so testy with you here." Rye grins, and rolls his eyes. When Peeta makes a gesture with his head, Rye winks at Katniss before leaving the room. "Fuck, I'm sorry." He says before running a hand through his blonde waves, a flush present on his cheeks. Katniss smiles, her stomach slightly fluttering at his flustered response. "If you think that's bad you should hear the Hawthorne's." Peeta's stare drops to the floor at the mention of Gale. "I can imagine." "Is there anything I can help with?" She asks, aware of the sudden awkward silence that surrounds them. "We're just recovering from the New Years rush yesterday." Katniss nods, aware that she has no experience in a kitchen. She's as inept as he would be in the forest. "Right." Katniss looks at the dough on the far counter. "Do you want to learn how to make dough?" Katniss looks up into his eyes and realizes for the first time what he meant about winter those months ago. How it was new beginnings. A new possibility with every January that passes. Anything can change in winter. He said. But she didn't know what he meant before, now she does. She really does. Because for some reason, while she tried to flee him before, she wants to stay with him now.