things I haven't. It occurs to me, once, that something about this is wrong, but then the pulse whispers, listen, listen, and pushes an image of a smiling little girl with silver eyes into my mind, and I sigh and relax again. The next time I wake up, I feel stronger, and my head is clearer. My tongue moves in my mouth, pushing over my teeth in an attempt to scrub away a stale taste. I'm on my feet in less than a second, shooting back and tripping over the clothing rack. It goes crashing to the ground underneath me, and the doctor coolly offers one hand. In the other hand are the wires from earlier, now neatly coiled, and the re-folded screen. "What the hell," I rasp. I slap aside her hand and scramble backwards until my shoulders hit the wall. "What was that? What did you do to me?" "It's perfectly normal to feel a little frightened." " What did you do ?" "I told you, it was just a bit of Psyche Adjustment. I merely reinforced certain memories and associations to make your transition into your life as an Alpha a bit easier. Every new Alpha goes through it. It's perfectly safe." "You – you changed my memories?" My hands scrabble at the sides of my head, pressing down as if I can physically push out the unwanted changes. What's different? What memories did she mess with? Would I even be able to tell? "No." She finishes putting away her equipment and snaps her gloves off efficiently. "Nothing happened to your memories. They were used to trigger certain associations, but that's all. Nothing changed, really, I just made it easier for you to bond with your partner and produce the required number of children." I stop clawing at my head to gape at her, and she gives me a cheery smile. "You'll experience strong maternal urges, including a craving for conception and pregnancy. That's completely normal; nothing to be worried about. You will also likely experience a bit of separation anxiety from being kept apart from Mr. Mellark, and you may even feel the urge to seek him out, but remember –" She holds up a stern finger. "You can't see him until the ceremony tomorrow." "I – you – you can't do this," I sputter "I'm sorry you're upset. I can get some mild calming agents for you if you –" "No! I don't want it – leave me alone! That – that's an order!" I assert, praying this woman takes my fledgling Alpha status seriously enough to obey me. "Very well." The doctor leaves me cowering against the wall with a bored-sounding, "Sweet dreams," as if this is just another day at work for her. Just another day of planting ideas into people's minds. And she's right. The effects of the Psyche Adjustment show themselves almost immediately. I manage to drag myself upright, out the door and down the hall, and I shuffle into my assigned bedroom on shaky legs. I make it to the bed with the last of my strength and fall into it, pulling every sheet, blanket and decorative duvet over me despite the heat because some childish instinct is telling me I'll be safer under the blankets. And that's when it starts. I want Peeta. He's the only normal part of this whole damn thing – the only thing I have from home besides my old, dusty, worn dress. I want to sprint through the train compartments until I find his room, and then I want to burrow under the covers of his bed and tuck myself against him and cry, because I still don't know exactly what they did to me and I'm scared, and if I can be vulnerable in front of everyone it's him – And then I want to scream in rage, because that's exactly what the doctor said would happen, so surely it's proof that whatever they did to me worked. Crying in front of Peeta? Climbing into his bed? What is wrong with me? I don't want any of that. At least, I didn't an hour ago. Now I – it – I don't know. I know it should feel wrong, but somehow it… doesn't. It feels like any other thought. Like wanting to wrap myself in blankets to feel safe. It's just an urge, no right or wrong to it. And anyway, what's so bad about wanting some comfort in the midst of all this insanity? Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe it wasn't the doctor's doing at all. Maybe her mind-adjustment thing didn't work at all. After all, the desire to crawl into Peeta's bed isn't that unusual if you consider that I'm to be married to him tomorrow. Technically, we're engaged. There's no reason we shouldn't sleep in the same bed, except for the pointless tradition that says we can't until tomorrow. And as far as being vulnerable, well, any port in a storm. Surely that's just my mind latching on to the one familiar part of this foreign and frightening situation. If I had to choose anyone on this train to cry to, it would be Peeta, if only because he's not a stranger. He's an acquaintance. I might even consider him a friend. Better than all the people here that poke and prod and squeal at me, anyway. Calmed by this explanation, I kick off a layer or two of blankets and curl up on my side, back to the wall, watching the door warily. Hours pass and still I can't summon the strength to get up and turn off the lights. I fall asleep with my head half-under one pillow, and my sleep is fitful, interspersed with nightmares of the doctor cracking open my skull and rearranging parts of my brain and other, stranger dreams that more often than not include Peeta. I wake to my prep team standing over me, tut-tutting at my sleep-mussed hair and squeaking, "Happy wedding day!"