sullen with bitterness. Finnick narrows his eyes at me while speaking "Katniss, there's no question about Coin's stand, that woman's got a stick shoved up her ass. But is that really what you believe Peeta's trying to tell you?" He finishes. My eyes widen about his comment on Coin, while trying to choke my laughter down. But when I realize his remark on Peeta, my expression becomes bemused. "You mean he could be telling me otherwise?" "All I'm saying is you know him better than I do." I realize he's right, I do. I think about Peeta and his ability to twist words to get his message across the people of Panem while successfully eluding the dangers of the Capitol's wrath, even now. For the first time, I understand. "He does want me to be the mockingjay" I say with a gasp. The nod I get in response from Finnick is enough to justify my realization. "But why would he? Why would he encourage me in spite of his predicament?" I ask, again feeling lost and afraid for what it might bring him. I may not harbor the same feelings Peeta feels for me, but he is still my friend and to have him tortured because of a fake love story with me is more than enough to shake my ground. It was Finnick's turn to take my hand in his and I am surprised by the warmth it brings me. I do not shy away from it however; instead I take comfort in it. "Maybe because he believes in you Katniss, just like all the other people all throughout Panem does. Death is inevitable in Panem whether in the presence of war or not, the people know this, yet in spite of the pain and suffering they will most likely face they still choose to follow you. They know you won't be able to save everybody, in fact they know their fate is not in your hands. But maybe, they follow you not exactly to be saved Katniss, but because they want to give more meaning to their deaths, in order to save lives in the future." I squeeze his hand as I grasp the meaning of what he said, but I do not let go, not just yet. "But do you?" I ask, not entirely sure what made me ask him this. Finnick raises an eyebrow, not sure either what I was asking from him. "Do you…believe…in me?" I ask, between swallowing lumps in my throat. Finnick's smile was dazzling, giving me a glimpse of the charming victor inside this dejected being, "I'm one of those people Katniss. I do believe in you, even before you pulled out those berries. Even before Peeta made everyone believe in you." I was astounded; Peeta's statements of me during his interview were what made me admirable and pulling out those berries was considered as my primary act of defiance against the Capitol. These two milestones combined are what catapulted me to being the mockingjay and before that, as Haymitch put it; I was just a brooding teenager. What Finnick claims to have seen in me then completely baffles me. "Then what made you?" unable to stop myself from blurting it out. He is still smiling when he replies, but the sincerity in his viridian orbs makes me doubt not a single word, "Since I first saw you arrive in the Capitol Katniss, I was a mentor then. The fire in your eyes was undeniable and when you gave that little girl the burial she deserved, you proved me right." "So you think I should be the mockingjay?" "That is entirely up to you, regardless of what you decide, doesn't change my opinion of you." He states, cocking his head to the side nonchalantly. "Why?" "Like what I'm trying to say Katniss, you inspire us yes, but what awaits you is not just being a picture for the people, it's a dangerous task. So you have a choice." "Yeah right, if only Coin would hear that" I say, giving an unladylike snort. Finnick cocks an eyebrow again in question, which makes me recount my conversation with the woman this morning. He keeps his expression placid, not giving anything away. It is only after I finish that he speaks, "Well, I think she's given you a chink in her armor." This time it was me who raised an eyebrow questioningly. "Katniss, don't you realize what she said? She outright admitted it to you that yes she doesn't like you, but to the people you are a beacon of hope. So whatever answer you give tonight, you remain untouchable to her." For the first time since my arrival in 13 I see a light in my situation, small and flickering, but a light nonetheless and I feel hope surge in me. "Don't downplay your importance Katniss, you are after all the person who started all these. Unintentionally maybe, but still it was what all of us needed." Finnick continued. I realize that I am still holding his hand, and gave him a small squeeze as a sign of gratitude, "Thank you Finnick" I say with the first genuine smile I have mustered for ages; seeing the irony of the situation where I wanted to be the one to comfort him but it turns out that it is me again who was saved by him. Especially since he was even nowhere near the roster of people I considered confiding in this morning. "Anytime girl on fire, though I too would want something in return" he said with a playful smirk plastered on his lips. I laugh, as I let go of his hand and stand to meet Coin with a newfound strength within me, "Keep dreaming Odair" I say, oblivious to the fact that with just a few short words Finnick had effortlessly been able to cheer me up, something Gale has been trying so hard to do, but have simply been unable to lately.