while, when I step out into the bright sunlight, I'm pushed onto some kind of supply train that will take me to District Four. Once the train starts moving, I find a seat in the only seated part of the train. I curl up against the wall, with my feet on the seat, and read through the note that was pushed into my hand just before the doors shut, quickly then with more attention to detail, before sitting in silence, thinking over what I just had to watch. I wonder if I was the only who had to go through that or did Finnick as well? How even is he? How does he feel? Does he know how I am? I just- I just need to know that he's okay. As the train pulls to a halt- nothing like the smooth halt of the train that took me to the Capitol- a sense of foreboding fills me. I get to my feet and pull at the short denim shorts on my tanned legs, beginning to play with the white buttons on the front of my lace shirt as I walk off the train. There are two people already standing on the platform, waiting by the doors of the train for the Victor to arrive, as the rest of the District begins to appear as well. They throw a glance in my direction and I know that they know who I actually am, as well as who I'm meant to be. Name: Annie Cresta Age: 13 Home: District Four Family: None; orphan. Lives with the Odair family: Melia Odair (mother), Finnick Odair (son, 14), Dylan Odair (son, 9) "I'm sorry," I say without thinking, looking at them. "I've caused you and your other son trouble." "You're no problem, dear," Finnick's mum replies, patting my hand gently. "You've never been any trouble to us before, so why should you worry about it now?" I sigh. At least I'm going to have their support here; they won't be blaming me for all this upheaval. "I'm just so nervous for him coming home. What if he's changed?" I begin bouncing on my toes in my dark blue shoes as I wait. "He won't have changed so much that he'll have forgotten us, I can assure you that," she promises. "And if he has, I'll make sure that I change him back." I laugh nervously, beginning to twist the knotted bracelet around my wrists in an attempt to calm myself. I'm so glad that, when they changed me and thought I was dead, they didn't take this away from me; it's my one piece of Finnick that I have until his train arrives. And anyway, once he does arrive he might not even recognise me as who I used to be, so I will need something to be able to prove myself. I glance at his family in the silence and notice how similar they all look. They both have the same, wavy bronze hair that Finnick modelled so well, and they are both well built, with tanned skin, like everyone in the District. Finnick's inherited his mother's sea green eyes, though, and I guess that his brother has what must have been his father's blue eyes. Now, I wouldn't recognise myself if I saw me, so I just hope that Finnick knows. I have dark, curly hair, it finishing half way down my back. I have to keep brushing it out of my eyes as the slight breeze, smelling of salt, blows up from the sea. My eyes have changed as well, as they're a green similar to Finnick's, just not quite as hauntingly beautiful. I'm so different to how I was before- I even sound different- but I suppose that was their idea. I can't look the same, or else rumours might spread. Suddenly, a cheer sounds throughout the Square, soon replaced by a loud whisper, and I'm snapped out of my thoughts. I follow their gaze around and meet the eyes of the District's newest Victor, who's smiling in my direction, already having hugged his family. "Finnick," I sigh, running forward and throwing myself into his arms. The way that he returns my embrace straight away tells me that he knows at least a little about our situation or that he's not willing to let me get hurt again. "I've missed you, Annie," he whispers into my ear. "I had so many bad dreams that I lost you." "I know. I'm sorry." I am, though, that's the thing. I just can't say anything else in my defence without giving it away, so I choose to stay silent after that. Instead, I choose to get lost in my best friends arms, never planning to leave him again. I'm going to protect him as much as he'll be protecting me. I won't give myself away, so that he's safe. As long as he's safe, I don't care about myself. I just know we're so lucky to have been able to both get out, so we can live together. I'm never going to go through the pain that the Arena left with me again. Author's Note: So, here it is. The eagerly anticipated- for one person at least- first chapter of Now Give Us A Kiss. I promised this to Georgie months ago, but I've only now actually written it, and I hope it's worth the wait! I was originally planning for this to be a one-shot but, after trying for ages to try and work out how they could both get out of the Arena, I decided that how we were going to do it and what would happen afterwards could not simply be left as a one-shot. So, I will eventually update it; the updates will just be slow because I'll probably be updating my other stories first, unless you review... Lots of reviews equal quicker updates! Anyway, I hope you enjoyed it and I want to read on- review and everything! Thanks!