who was trying very hard not to go crazy "let's go check the second shelter again, I could have missed her. Annie, you and Katniss search shelter 1 quickly then I want you to go straight to our room and stay safe ok?" "But-" "No Annie. Promise me?" Annie nodded and ran off to find Katniss. Shelter two was empty by the time the boy has gotten there. "Let's try three?" Finnick suggested. But shelter three was only small and mainly used for soldiers who had been near the outside. "She wouldn't have gone that far up, there's no way!" Haymitch told him, kicking a piece of rubble in anger "Let's just look!" Finnick tried to calm him down. Haymitch agreed only because they were out of options. "Ok, come on" Shelter one, shelter two, shelter three...nothing. He checked the dining hall, the studio, the medical bay, even the god damned communal toilets but she was nowhere to be seen. He sat in his room, squeezing his hat in his fist, fearing only the worst. Most of level one had been destroyed. There had been offices and research labs and officer dorms up there and now apparently only a few survivors had made it out in time. There were people under the rubble still, or so a guard had told him. No one was allowed up there until all the bodies had been retrieved and their kin notified. She was one of those bodies. He knew it. He just knew it. "She wouldn't have been up there, Haymitch" Katniss tried to reassure but he wouldn't listen to anyone. He just paced and paced, waiting for the news that Effie Trinkets body had been found under a pile of rubble. She had friends on level one, a couple of the rescued prep teams had been helping out in the research labs. She'd gone up there to see them, he just knew it, he knew it "I'm perfectly fine from here, thank you officer!" Like a siren through mist, her voice, shrill and chipper, echoed from across the room. He felt his heart stop and everyone turned to see where her voice was carrying from "Effie!" Haymitch heard Annie yell with glee. He pushed through Katniss and Finnick and saw her, as right as rain and as unspoiled as sunlight, exiting the service lift with Boggs and Plutarch. He couldn't have marched over quick enough. She smiled when she saw him coming toward her but it soon faded when she saw the look on his face "Haymitch?" "WHERE THE HELL HAVE YOU BEEN!?" He yelled angrily, taking her by the arms and dragging her away. Boggs was about to follow protectively, but Katniss stopped him and shook her head "don't worry" she assured him "best to keep out of this one" Haymitch slowed as they got to her room and pulled her inside, slamming the door behind them "Haymitch, I'm sorry, I went to find you and I-" She was silenced by his lips. Hard and furious against hers as he pulled her into his embrace. He kissed her desperately, angrily and she kissed him back with just as much haste. "God damnit Effie I thought id lost you!" He panted between kisses, holding her to him tighter making her whimper. He kissed her again, slower this time, drawing his tongue along hers in deep, lingering strokes. She melted. Running her hands into his hair to bring him closer. "What the hell happened?" He asked, breaking their contact for a few seconds to draw breath "I couldn't find you" she said in shallow breaths "I looked everywhere and then I ran into Biggs and he took me to a secure quarter near the control room" Of course! Haymitch cursed himself. That was Coins safety room. Why hadn't he thought of that. "The president scolded me for running around the halls during an air raid but she was hospitable" Effie continued "I'm ok Haymitch. I'm safe" "Yeah" he breathed, placing his forehead against hers "don't ever do that to me again" "I frighted you..." "You did" "I frightened myself when I couldn't find you Haymitch...it could have been the end of us all tonight and we parted on a silly quarrel" she sighed, glad that she had this moment to apologise for it. "I don't like being apart from you Haymitch" she said honestly "I don't like being apart from you either" he kissed her again then walked them towards her bed. "So, what does this mean?" Effie asked with a curious smile "This means, we better get some rest as we got our future to start planning tomorrow" The wedding took place a few days later than planned and It was Coin that begged them to continue with it saying that it would cheer people up and give everyone hope. 23 lives had been taken during the bombings so before the wedding took place, a service was held for those that had been lost. The wedding was beautiful. It lit peoples hearts on fire and filled the air with joy once more. The first dance echoed around the dining hall as Annie and Finnick took the floor and Haymitch and Effie finally found a moment of privacy, in their dark little corner at the back of the room. "Her dress is beautiful" Haymitch said, admiring Effies work on Annie's wedding gown. "Why, thank you. I think It's the most wonderful piece of work I've ever done" Haymitch cocked his head and pursed his lips into a frown "I said it was beautiful" he stated dryly "I didn't say it was perfect" "You think I can do better?" She frowned, chastising him with a look "Oh, you'll have to do better sweetheart" then with out another second spared he took her left hand in his and slipped a delicate steal band with a glitter of small diamond stones around her 4th finger. "The next one you make is going to be yours" End.