to make you as appealing as possible, which means playing to their expectations. Sponsors like good investments, the brutal Tributes, the attractive ones, the ones that capture their attention…these are the Tributes that will get the outside aid." "So…what should we do?" Darrien looks nervous, glancing at me again. "I need to know your skills," Finnick leans forward, "What do you do in 4, Darrien?" "I work in the factories?" Darrien rubs his hair, "I uh, gut and clean fish." "So some blade skills, just act confident, like you've got an ace in your pocket," Finnick nods, and then turns to me. My heart sinks, I have nothing. No skills, nothing violent anyway. I can remember and replicate heard tunes, I can tell stories, I can read and file and I can organise books. None of that could kill another Tribute, I don't want to think about killing another human being. My stomach churns uneasily again and I shake my head silently. "Come now, you must have some skills. Where do you work?" he's being kind, those green eyes on my face, giving me his full attention. I look at him helplessly before whispering. "The archives?" "We have archives?" Finnick looks surprised, "Why did no one tell me we had archives?" "They're small…" I say it quietly. "Archives…they're full of…" and his voice trails off. "Books." "So…any weapons skills?" he asks hopefully and I shake my head. "Just the basic spear and trident fishing." And I am crap at those, something he seems to realise by looking at my face. "Well…we'll find something. There is always something." He reassures me quickly, "Darrien just try and look confident okay? Like you aren't someone to be discounted." He looks at me again and my eyes seek out the floor once more. If it was ever in any doubt…I don't think I'm going to survive this. That night we watch the Reapings replayed on the television in a compartment nearby. I have washed myself and shed my dress for something from the Capitol, a light dress that I tug a dressing robe over for decency. Along with Darrien, Flora and Finnick I curl up on the couch to watch the Reapings. First is District 1, with a willowy blonde girl with green eyes. Beautiful, and confident, walking up onto the stage with her lovely flaxen head held high. The boy is quieter, less obvious but he's still confident, smiling at the crowd and giving them a jaunty wave. How can he be so…calm? I wonder, tucking my knees up to my chest. And she is just as calm. They look ready, and like they had been expecting to be called to this. Glimmer and Marvel, they are full of confidence, and belief they can win. Next is District 2 and my heart seems to stutter. The girl, Clove, is intense, like a little dark cloud of energy. She's alight with it, this eager fervency. She moves with intent, and she scares me, even through a television she scares me. But nowhere near as much as her partner. The boy whose name is actually called is sixteen, but he doesn't even have to move a pace before another boy almost seems to bound forward. "I volunteer!" He's so eager, so sure of himself. And with good reason. He's huge, tall and strong, muscled, with a handsome face and fair hair. He's confident, striding up to the stage like it is his birthright, and states his name. Cato. His eyes look into the camera for a moment, and it's like being doused in icy water. Those blue eyes are cold, determined, and pitiless and I feel my heartrate pick up. This is a Career, trained to kill. Lethal. I have no hope. Especially when my own Reaping comes on and I see my pathetic performance, throwing up, trembling. I am a joke, and my cheeks burn with shame. No one else throws up, a few cry, but most are stoic as they take to the stage, glassy eyed. In shock. The only exception is in District 12 where a girl lunges forward to volunteer for her sister, and she just looks like she's ready to take the world on. She stares down the cameras and keeps her head high, and I feel a pang of longing in my chest. Why couldn't I be brave like that? Lying in my cabin afterwards, tucked into a bed that is silky and softer than anything I could have imagined, I let the tears come. I cry because I have no hope of going home, of seeing my mother again, my father. I've seen them for the last time, and while they'll see me, on the screens for the Hunger Games, they will also have to watch me die. I cry because I wish I was home, and I can imagine our little kitchen right now so clearly. If I hadn't been Reaped my mother would have cooked a fish tonight, brought in by my father. There would have been laughter and the special bottle of wine my mother keeps safe. She buys it every year the day after Reaping Day, and saves it until I'm safe for another year. I cry because that bottle won't be drunk this year. I cry because I'm frightened. I don't want to die, the idea terrifies me, sinking into nothingness, life just snuffed out, nothing after that. It's not fair…I've read so much about living…I want to at least try it. I cry because I'm ashamed. I'm the coward of the 74th Hunger Games. The girl who puked on her way up onto the stage. The girl who was so weak she couldn't even make it to the Capitol without letting everyone know she was easy prey. I cry because I'm never going to swim in the sea again, and I wish with all my heart I could hear the ocean now. Because then, I might not feel so horribly doomed…and alone.