I remember when Prim met Rue here. There's Bonnie and Twill, the friendly couple from Summer Meadows Drive, and – oh. There's Annie and Finnick, fussing over a small boy just as freckled and bronze-haired as his father. I sigh, knowing I'll have to eventually talk to one of them about the play date Johanna proposed, and lift my eyes to the ceiling. But it's different. No more peeling, sun-bleached paper cutouts here. Oh, no. Now, whirling across the ceiling in whimsical shades of silver, black, purple, gold and blue are sparkling renditions of the sun, planets and constellations. And it's not just the ceiling, either. Two of the four walls are painted with incredibly detailed murals, one of the deep ocean rippling with bars of light and chock-full of all kinds of fish, the other a scene straight out of a fairytale – or, more accurately, all the fairytales. Little Red skips up the path to Rapunzel's tower, unaware of the wolf that follows both her and three little pigs and their houses, which are built right next to the Seven Dwarves' home. Tarzan sits with Jane in a nearby baobab tree, and, below, the Little Prince uproots several smaller versions of the plant while his rose and vixen look on. I haven't even begun to count all the allusions and characters when it hits me: I know this style. I've seen these brush strokes before. Featured in a big-city magazine. Posted proudly on the school announcement board. And when I hear him say, "Katniss?" I know I'm right. I turn, and there's Peeta, dressed in the cheerful yellow smock required of all the kindergarten teachers. Oh. I don't know why I didn't put the pieces together sooner. The new teacher email, the early childhood education degree, the "prep work" Peeta mentioned about a week before school started… I can't seem to form words. Faun, on the other hand, has no such problem. "Are you our teacher?" she pipes up at him, and the moment Peeta looks down at her his eyes go even wider than before. He recovers quickly, though, and squats to look her in the face. Sorin hides behind my leg. "That's right," Peeta says, his voice giving only the slightest hint of unsteadiness. "My name is Mr. Mellark. You can call me Peeta if you want. What's your name?" "Faun," she says. And then, dragging him out from behind me, "This is my brother. He's Sorin." Sorin looks up at Peeta just long enough to give him a little wave. Having been tugged away from me, he now clings to his sister's braid, instead. "Well, Faun, Sorin, it's nice to meet you too." They nod politely, watching me out of the corners of their eyes for me to signal they're free to go and play. I nod and they bolt to where most of the other kids are playing already, escaping the boring grown-up conversation without a second glance. "Probably should have guessed," I say suddenly, in an attempt to dispel the tension between us. I gesture to the ceiling and Peeta stands again, following the motion with his eyes. "You like it?" "It's…" I look around again, at this old place made new again, at the kids that are already oo ing and aah ing over the fairytale wall. "Perfect." He relaxes into a smile. "I hoped so. I still have one wall to go, though. I'm thinking a meadow." "Just one?" "I'm leaving the last for the kids to decorate." I duck my head to disguise another smile. "They'll like that." Another parent approaches us, bouncing a tearful toddler on her hip, and I step away, realizing how close we are. "Ah. Well. I'll see you later, then?" It may not be entirely appropriate, or even allowed, but I find myself hoping against hope he'll agree. "Definitely," he says, and I go to find Faun and Sorin again before the semi-formal parent-teacher orientation begins. I'm surrounded by couples again, primarily Annie and Finnick, who immediately pounce on me about that play date, but for once I don't mind. For once, as I sip on the weak lemonade and nibble the significantly more impressive cheese buns Peeta provided, I don't feel so intensely out of place. Just before the presentation ends and the parents get up to leave, he catches my eye. And on the permission slip he hands me as I file out the door, he's scribbled, Saturday afternoon, coffee? The first time Peeta and the kids are in the house at the same time, they're delighted that their beloved "Mr. Peeta" has come to visit them. Although, the sugar cookies he brings probably help on that front. The second time, we take a nature hike in the late-summer mountain chill, bundled lightly in flannel and gloves. Faun makes it her business to teach Peeta all about what kinds of plants are good and bad to eat, and Sorin refuses to let go of either of our hands. The fifth time, we wake to the first frost tracing delicate feathers on the windows. Peeta makes rabbit shaped pancakes and then drives the kids – and himself – to school. The fifteenth time, Prim brings the kids back from a play date with Kai early, and Peeta and I have to jump out of the shower and dress so quickly that my shirt is on inside out for the rest of the day. The fiftieth time, Sorin accidentally calls Peeta "Papa." It's the first time I ever see him cry, silently, pressing his smile into my shoulder. It's full seasons and many, many visits later, though, when the kids have settled into their first grade room, Thanksgiving has come and gone again and Peeta may as well live with us, that he pulls me aside. The ring is slim and silver and studded with one modest pearl. I kiss my acceptance into his mouth, and in the other room, our kids play on unaware.