the past. Because of the exertion of hunting, she tied her hair into a braid as she went about, collecting any game she shot into the bag on her shoulder. However, it did not take long for her to gather all the meat she would need, so she began to head home, thinking about which herbs and vegetables from the garden she could use. There, she dug out all she would need with her hands, so some dirt ended up smeared across her cheeks and forehead when she began to move inside. When she reached the kitchen, everything was eerily quiet. She thought at least Gale should have been in there, unless his current task dictated he should be somewhere else. When she looked up, though, she realised that she was not alone, that the six other people in the room had just been silently watching her. And one of them was the Prince. Immediately, she dropped the bag of game to the floor and curtseyed. "Your highness, I must apologise for the state of the kitchen and myself. If I had known that you were coming here, I would have cleaned up-" "Young lady, please look at me," interrupted Peeta, staying on the other side of the room, instead of moving over to tip her chin up. "I am not here to judge the state of anything. I am looking for the woman who stole my heart last night. I am searching the whole of my Kingdom, every household for her. And I will not stop until she is back at my side, as my wife." Katniss stared at him, unsure of what to say. He was actually searching everywhere to find her. He really cared for her that much. She had never realised anyone could love her in such a way before. "When she ran, one of her shoes fell off. That is what I am using to identify her with. The two other ladies of this household have already attempted to wear the shoe, but it did not fit." Katniss glanced up ay her two stepsisters, who had red rimmed eyes, and then back to the Prince. "Now, it is your turn to try." Before Katniss got the chance to speak, however, Coriolanus Snow argued, "I forbade her to leave the house last night. There is no point in seeing if it will fit her-." "Good sir, I care not for your opinion in this present moment," Peeta interrupted for a second time. "All I currently care about is finding my wife." "And how can you not remember her face?" challenged Coriolanus Snow. "I have a pretty good idea of what she looks like, sir, but I will go with what I vowed to do," argued Peeta, not catching Katniss' eyes, before he turned to look at her. "Now, young lady, please come here, so I can see if this shoe fits." Katniss knocked her muddy shoes off by the door, before she paused. "May I retrieve something from my room first, your highness?" Peeta looked at her for a few seconds, before he nodded slowly. "Hurry now. I have many other houses to visit and I have already wasted some time, waiting for you to return from outside." Katniss was almost touched by his words, the slight care for her in his words, but she said nothing more as she walked quickly to her room. There, she picked up the only remaining proof of the night before she had and wrapped it in her apron, before returning into the kitchen. She left the bundle on the table, before she stepped up to the Prince. He did not say anything, but the man with bronze hair beside him knelt down, placing the other glass slipper on the floor in front of Katniss. Her movements were tentative as she slipped her foot into the shoe, but covered it up again, before no one saw. Then, she stepped back, picked up the bundle off the table and handed it to the Prince. "You may want to look at what it contains," suggested Katniss, not lifting the skirt of her dress, to reveal how perfectly her foot fit, until the Prince had unwrapped the shoe. A grin covered the Prince's face, before he looked up, his bright blue eyes shining. "I knew it was you!" he exclaimed, wrapping his arms around Katniss' back, to spin her around. "You cannot believe how terrified I was when I saw you ran. I thought I had done something horribly wrong." "You could never do anything wrong," Katniss replied without missing a beat, as soon as she was placed back on the ground. It was less than a few seconds before Peeta's lips had captured Katniss' for a second time, regardless of anyone who was watching. And Katniss forgot to care, too. She was back in the arms of the man she truly loved and she could not imagine anywhere she would rather be. When they finally pulled apart, Peeta announced to the girl in his arms, more than anyone else in the room, "This young lady will be coming home with me, now. She will be made my wife as soon as we can marry." Katniss smiled softly, only pausing slightly to ask, "As long as my best friend can come with us. I do not trust the people here in the slightest." "Anything for you, my love," agreed Peeta. So Katniss and Peeta married, Gale never had to work as a servant again, and Coriolanus Snow and his daughters were evicted from the Everdeen household. And most people lived happily ever after. AN: Sorry it's slightly late and probably not proofread and definitely the longest stand-alone chapter I've ever written... But Merry Christmas, and I hope you've enjoyed all the one-shots I've posted this week! So please maybe review- even if it's as small as a smiley face- as a Christmas present for me, and then I'll do something nice for you!