her father does and if she'll do so when she's older. The final lesson of the day is art and we're told that we can draw whatever we like. This is the part of the day that interests me. I'd personally like to draw the most beautiful thing in the class but something tells me that wouldn't be the best idea so, instead, my decision rests with her earlier song. Down in the valley, the valley so low, Hang your head over, hear the wind blow. First, I draw a deep green valley, full of tall trees that look like they're blowing in the strong wind. Roses love sunshine, violets love dew, Angels in Heaven know I love you. Next to the trees, I draw pink roses, mixed in with the violets. Then, in the sky, I draw a layer of clouds and, on top of that, two human figures in white and gold clothes, with wings on their back. Build me a castle, forty feet high, So I can see her as she rides by. The final things I draw are a tall castle with high turrets and flags, also fluttering in the wind, and a girl with dark hair riding by on a horse. Then, for added effect, I draw a boy with blonde hair looking out at the girl from one on the highest windows. "You know, those boy and girl look like you and me," laughs the soft voice that I've fallen in love with. "Hey," I mutter, turning around to see Katniss, who I didn't even notice move. "You were great at singing earlier." She shrugs. "Is it based on the song?" "Yeah," I admit. "But, Katniss, I really did think your singing was beautiful." "And I really think your drawing is beautiful," she promises, smiling as she returns to her seat. Angels in Heaven know I love you, if only you knew that too. When the bell rings, signalling the end of the school day, everyone exits the school quickly. The hope of speaking to Katniss again is soon crushed as I lose sight of her when I get stuck in the corridor full of older kids. I don't worry about how much bigger they are than me until someone catches my head and I fight to get them off, scared of what they'll do to me. "Stop struggling, muffin," hisses James. "I'm being nice and getting you out safely." "Gerroff!" My shout comes out muffled and I manage to push his arms off once we arrive outside in the bright sunshine. I frown in his direction as he walks away with his friends, but turn a deep red colour when I catch Katniss' eye. She's looking in my direction and laughing as well as smiling, no doubt at my scowl and messed up hair. I smile as well at her as she walks away with her dad and I make my way over to mine. "Had fun today?" he asks as his first words to me. I nod. "Dad, that girl you pointed out to me this morning, well, I want to marry her when we're older." He chuckles. "Give it some time, son. You don't want to rush things." "But I love her!" I argue. "I'm sure you do but these things take time," he reasons. "Fine," I sigh, following my dad as we make our way back to the bakery in silence. When we step in, I catch sight of my mum and run forward into her arms. She smiles as she kisses my head and then stands up. "How was your day, darling?" "It was great," I say. "I think he may have made a new friend," dad mutters. Mum looks proud and laughs. "He did? And who was that then?" Dad looks awkward and walks out of the room as if he never heard her. Mum rolls her eyes and then repeats the question to me, to which I answer, "Her name is Katniss Everdeen and I think I love her." Even before the final words have left my lips, mum's hand has smacked me around the side of the face as she screams, "How dare you do that, you stupid boy? You fell in love with Seam trash! What kind of son are you? And that girl especially, she doesn't know the definition of half the things you want to love her for." Tears are already streaming down my face from the force of the blow from the mother who I thought loved me more than anything as I shout in reply, "She's not trash, she's the most beautiful girl I've ever seen and I'm going to marry her when I'm older, whether or not you like it!" I receive two more slaps on the same spot for this comeback and, before she can do anything else, I've run away to my room. I slam the door behind me and push a cabinet to block it before I throw myself on my bed and rest my sore cheek on my pillow, crying myself to sleep with the only comforting words from the song swirling around my head with the definite knowledge that Katniss will marry me one day. Author's Note: So, as I'm sure you've realised by now, this is my one shot about Peeta and Katniss' first day of school. I know that in the story, Katniss and Peeta have never spoken but in this they have, Katniss just decided to forget everything about the Boy with the Bread. Peeta's mum is obviously nice to him before in this until she finds out about his love, where she then discovered an instant dislike for him. I imagine James to be about two and a half years older than Peeta, and Matthew to be about seven years older. Anyway, I will probably write other one shots about other major points in Peeta's life in the fanfiction. I hope you enjoyed it and please review to let me know!