of me again." "I wouldn't have changed if you had stayed with me," he argues, his soft voice returned, although it still cracks slightly as he talks. "Katniss, you were helping things be so much better, in fact, I thought we had improved on how we were before the Games, and I only needed to know that you'd still be with me to know that everything would be okay." "Then let me back in," I plead. "No." The answer is so sure and definite, completely different to the one that I was expecting, or at least hoping for. I wanted him to welcome me back with open arms but it seems that it can't and won't be. "Why not, Peeta?" I whine. "I don't want to risk hurting you," he confesses, me hearing a tear stuck in his throat. "Katniss, I'm fighting to keep you safe and, if it does mean that I have to follow your suggestion to find another girl so I can't hurt you, maybe I should." "No, Peeta." This time, it's me who's sure. Before, I was so certain that he needed to find another girl to stop the episodes but, now that the idea leaves his lips, I hate it. "I wouldn't be able to live with myself if I saw you with someone else." Tears begin forming under my eyes too, and I have to inhale deeply to stop myself from letting them fall. He stays silent for a few moments and I'm half afraid that he's gone again until, eventually, he whispers, "Katniss?" "Yes," I reply quietly, turning around again and sinking back onto the floor. "I saved Prim from the snow once. Real or not real?" he asks. "Real," I answer. "And it was probably more than once, though." "You were wandering around town for hours to find her, when I found you and told you that I had already found her. I gave you my jacket and then my gloves, and then I lead you back to my house. You took her home nearly straight away but, before you left, you said that I was your dandelion in the spring," he reminisces. "Real or not real?" I don't answer for a while as I swivel around on my knees again, quietly opening the letter box above his head and posting through the dandelion I found less than an hour ago. "Real," I repeat as the metal clangs shut. "And, Peeta, you still are." I quickly get to my feet before he has the chance to answer, walking away without a second thought. I've done all that I can do, so now it's up to him. If he chooses to let me back into his life, I won't ever leave again, but if he doesn't, well, I tried my best and there's only a certain amount that I can do to persuade the hijacked boy that I actually love him. It's when I'm halfway between his house and mine that the crunching of snow under foot catches my attention. However, I don't turn around until his warm fingers have appeared on my hip, spinning me around so I can finally look him in the eye after a week of being without him. And, I can say, he looks as awful, or maybe possibly worse than me. He has dark bags under his eyes and his face is pale, because he obviously hasn't been sleeping all week either. His eyes look haunted too, the sparkle gone. Then the bones of his once strong body are already showing due to his thin frame, which will be because of the fact that he hasn't been able to eat, like me. But, the thing that scares me most is the cuts and bruises that cover his body, which I know are from when he hasn't been able to control himself through an episode, all of which will have been my fault that they occurred to the perfect boy, who deserved none of these horrors. "Katniss, do you really mean it?" he asks quietly, moving his hands so that they are now holding mine, warming them up because they are as warm as his bakery's ovens in comparison to my frozen ones. "Of course I do, Peeta," I reply. "I've never meant anything more in my life. I know now that you mean the world to me, and more." He smiles softly, leaning his face down so his forehead is resting against mine. "Well then, Miss Everdeen, the Girl who was on Fire and is now frozen, shall I take you somewhere warm?" I nod but, before he gets the chance to lead me away and back to his still open house, I grab his cheeks and pull his lips down to mine, kissing him gently for the first time in the week that we spent alone. Although the movement is so simple, it speaks every word that we can't form, and it proves my point to him, I hope. As if he understands, he returns the kiss, wrapping his arms around the bottom of my back and lifting me off of my feet, holding me close to him. I feel so safe with him now, that I can't imagine being anywhere else. When I pull away so he can carry me back inside, I wrap my legs around his waist and whisper out loud for the first time ever that he will hear, without cameras cuing my words, "I love you, my Dandelion." Author's Note: Okay, this is just a little one-shot that I thought of aaaaages ago but only just got around to writing; originally, it was going to be part of And From Those Moments series, but I haven't done anything with that story for a while. Honestly? It's not as good as I had imagined that it would be, but I don't think it's too bad. Anyway, I hope you enjoyed it and let me know what you thought by leaving a review!