fire spread so quickly… when I got here I thought you were all, gone… then I saw you look out the window and…" He trailed off, closing his eyes. A sob escaped Katniss' lips and tears streamed down her face. "Hey, hey, the fire fighters are here now… don't give up on them just yet" he whispered and she noticed that his blue eyes seemed to dance as they reflected the flames. She gazed into them, yearning for some of the hope that clouded them. Another sob escaped her lips and she felt him gently take her hand, his eyes not leaving hers. She wasn't sure how long she stared at him before the paramedics dragged her attention away. As they lifted her onto the gurney she dazedly dropped her head to the left… then screamed out in horror. The house that was once her home was engulfed in crimson flames. The top floor had all but collapsed, the windows had shattered and the thick black smoke billowed high into the dawn sky. Katniss struggled against the arms of the paramedic who held her in place. Tears poured down her eyes until all she could see was a blur and she screamed and screamed for her family. She flayed her arms and legs until straps were fastened over her and an oxygen mask was pulled over her face. Then a needle was pressed into her arm, and everything dissolved into black. The month that followed was a blur of pain and heartbreak. Katniss spent the first half in the hospital being fussed over by a myriad of health professionals and then, when it came time for the funerals, it was the townsfolk who wouldn't leave her alone. She hated the attention. All she wanted was to be alone to think, to grieve... not to be haunted by questions that she wasn't able to answer. It wasn't until the arrival of her Great Aunt Sae that things began to stabilize somewhat. The old woman was not afraid to tell the townsfolk where to go and provided Katniss with the refuge she needed. There weren't a lot of words exchanged, but routines were established and even though she was lost and hurting, she didn't feel alone. So when the woman asked if the teen wanted to live with her, she agreed and the arrangements were made. It was only two days before they were due to leave that the arson detectives called to say they had news about the fire. Numbly, the pair packed themselves into the car and headed into the town, but upon arrival Katniss decided that she couldn't go in. She couldn't face the men and women who had been so fond of her father and she didn't want to hear what they had to say. So she sat quietly in the car and waited while the old woman met with the detectives. The teen stared out the out the passenger window, down the main street of the small town. She was tired, her sleep riddled with nightmares of smoke and her sisters screams. Unconsciously, she pulled at the bandage on her knee as she thought about how much she hurt. The burns on body still stung and her throat hurt with every breath. But nothing was as painful as her heart which would constrict every time she remembered. "Why?" she asked quietly, "Fucking why?" she demanded and she slammed her fists into the dashboard. She closed her eyes as tears began to steak down her cheeks and she buried her head in her hands. "Should have… died…too," she choked out between sobs. The teenager pulled her legs into her chest and dropped her forehead to her knees. She ignored the pain from her burns and cried until she drifted in and out of an uneasy sleep. Katniss wasn't sure how much later it was when she heard the car door open. She peeked up over her knees at her Father's aunt. The woman's eyes were kind, her hair was gray and she carried little weight on her bones. Katniss had always liked her Great Aunt who always visited over Christmas, but, even though she had agreed, she was uncertain about going to live with her in her home town. There were so many unknowns, and she would be hours away from Madge. Sae smiled kindly at Katniss as she hopped into the driver's seat of the car. "They've got the arsonist Katniss, a deranged woman called Alma Coin…" she said gently. Katniss frowned. It didn't help. The knowledge that the person had been caught didn't help heal the pain like she had hoped it would. She turned to look back out the passenger window, tears budding in her eyes. "Apparently your Dad had been questioning her about the other fires in the town…" the old woman continued. There was a pause and Katniss heard the woman swallow. "That boy, Peeta, gave a statement on your behalf… he said to give you this… he said he got it out of your mail box." The teenager blinked and looked at the crisp white envelope that Sae was holding in front of her. She dropped her legs down and took it into her hands; her eye's fixated on the neat Katniss that had been hand-written across the front. She didn't need to read it to know who it was from. Her hands shook as she flipped it over, thinking of all the times she had received these silly letters over the years. She regretted every time she had rolled her eyes at the innocent gesture. Slowly, she unsealed the envelope and pulled out the folded piece of paper. Sae watched her quietly as she nimbly opened out the paper to reveal the picture of a bright pink Primrose next to a Katniss flower. Words was scattered around them and sobs tore through her as she read the last line. You are the best sister in the world Katniss. I love you…