lip, playing with her hair- anything to pass the time until the reaping is over. I look back and down at my palms- my hands are shaking violently and are covered in sweat. I think I'm about to pass out when I see the mayor walk on with the victors. I see Mags, Annie, and then Finnick walk on and I take a slight breath of relief that is masked with the adoring sigh of the crowd as they fawn over him. If anyone could help me get through this, it's Finnick. He smiles and winks at me, and I can see him mouth the words calm down as Evanna Lynch, covered with her ridiculous trademark purple skin and cat eyes, walks onto the platform. Her smile is phony white, gleaming along with her crayon yellow hair and crystal rhinestones around her eyes, set against her deep purple skin. Everything about her is nauseating to me, while the rest of the people cheer for her when she walks on. "HELLO!~" She booms with plastic enthusiasm. "Welcome District 4, to the reaping of the Annual 73rd Hunger Games!~ We have a special video to show you all the way from the Capitol, before this year's reaping can begin." She motions to the giant white screen on the side of the stage, and the video starts. President Snow's voice booms the word 'War' and the history of our country begins, taking 4 minutes to explain. Evanna is mouthing the words, while Finnick sits behind her, mimicking her to me and making me chuckle- forgetting for a few moments how serious this actually is. The moment is over way too soon however, and Evanna pops back up with a smile that could curdle even the strongest amount of milk ever with its plastic gleam. "Well! Wasn't that absolutely SPLENDID! To all the newcomers: welcome to the honorary reaping of the Hunger Games. To all the returnees, let's hope this year you have better odds than last." Almost everyone chuckled, the parents even laughed and the victors looked at each other and smirked-including Finnick, who pretended all the time as to try to fit in. Only a few people like me looked disgusted, including my sister, whereas Jemmie just laughed along with everyone not really understanding the joke. "Now, now settle down so we can start! As always, ladies first!" Evanna cried with a flourish, and strutted over to the bowl. As per year, every announcer had their own 'signature' way of grabbing one of the names. Evanna's way was always plunging her hand straight down to the bottom and picking the one that was right there. Strutting back to the microphone, I noticed the girls standing next to me nod at each other out of the corner of my eyes. I sighed, every year, even though someone's name was drawn from the bowl, the teenagers always planned in advance who was actually going to volunteer for the games and try to win. The way they picked, was a series of brawls planned afterschool leading up the games, and whoever made it to the final two and won, was picked to be our tribute. I never participated. Ever. Zhane and Khorr have tried many times but luckily I had Finnick to step in and make sure they didn't. This year was different; I honestly had no idea who was going to be the official tribute this year. Even if I never participated, I always knew who it was going to be by the week before the reaping. My stomach lurched, as she opened the paper. I knew that even if Eileana's name was called she still wouldn't be the tribute. Somehow that thought didn't make me any less nervous. "Finch Davidson!" Evanna cried, and I sighed a breath of relief-saved, finally out of the games forever. Then, like a huge crushing wave it started- I felt myself be lurched forward as the crowd of girls my age swarmed around me and started pushing me towards the stairs, passing between the groups until I fell hands first on the ground right below the steps to podium, and someone imitated my voice screaming 'I VOLUNTEER!'. Quiet, Evanna smiled, seeing nothing wrong with the situation, completely used to someone volunteering each year. "Ladies and Gentlemen, we have a volunteer! Best learn how to walk in those heels with a crowd darling." Evanna said and winked, as the crowd burst out laughing. I was shocked and sat there sputtering before the peacekeepers picked me up by the arms and pushed me again to stand in front of Evanna. "What's your name sweetheart?' Evanna cried over me as I started to say 'But I didn't'. "Oh don't be modest, of course you did we all heard you! Now please, what's your name?" She smiled and pushed the microphone in my face as my eyes widened, completely stunned and numb. "Arielle Greene." Was all I could stammer as Evanna smiled and clapped her hands together saying "Wonderful, let's hear it for our female tribute and volunteer, Arielle Greene!" She laughed, as everyone clapped fast and hard smirking at me. I couldn't do anything but stand on the pedestal with a shocked face as Evanna walked over to the boys bowl, and all I could think was 'Eileana…Jemmie…what will happen if I DIE?' The plunge was all I heard as the blood was pounding in my ears, papers rustling in the bowl as Evanna reached all the way down. A 'pop!' as her hand shot out with a thrust and her heels clicked as she walked back to the microphone. The paper opened and I looked over as Jemmie smiled and waved at me, before seeing my saddened face and looked confused. "Jemmie Greene!" Evanna cried, and all I could see around me was black and Jemmie, brow furrowing at the silence and opening of the crowd around him to let him through. We had both been reaped for the games.