any good. I quickly walked through the Victor's Village, not wanting to let Katniss see me, before I allowed my feet free roam. I avoided the town like the plague – I still wasn't ready to face that yet. Instead I found myself wondering towards the outskirts of the district, finally coming into contact with the electric fence which had lined it for as long as I could remember. I suddenly felt as though I was trespassing on something sacred. Katniss had always hunted in the woods the other side of the fence. They had never been my place. But the fence was already half torn down, probably during the impact of the firebombs, and I took that as my cue to proceed through. As I made my way through the woods I began to understand how Katniss loved them so much. It was peaceful, untouched. Free of all the worries home would bring. I didn't push myself far into the trees, I didn't have the same hunters instincts she and Gale had and I knew I would only end up getting myself in trouble. I was about to turn back towards home before a number of bushes caught my eyes. I had never been particularly knowledgeable about plants, but I remembered when Katniss had sat and showed me her families plant book. Both she and Prim had been named after plants, and the bushes in front of me triggered a memory deep inside. They were Primroses, I was certain of it. Without a second thought I crouched in front of them, digging up the soil with my bare hands as I freed the roots. I carried the bushes back to my house, picking up an old shovel which my father had stored in the garden, before heading to Katniss'. I stood for a while, listening from the outside. I couldn't hear any movement inside and assumed she must be out. Without giving myself time to second guess my actions I began digging out the ground around the side of the house, lining up the bushes alongside it. I heard her before I saw her. My breath caught in my throat as I raised my eyes slowly, expecting some kind of assault about trespassing on her property. I was speechless as my eyes scanned over her. She looked so much different; thinner, paler, she wore circles which matched mine under her eyes, and I could see the hint of scarring at the base of her arm before her sleeve started. Her eyes were the hardest to take it, on the surface they looked the same – that haunting grey which glistened as the light hit them. But I could see deeper, she was hurting, all her fight was gone. I wanted nothing more than to gather her in my arms, promise her I wouldn't leave her again – wouldn't let anything hurt her again. But I couldn't, somehow I knew I wasn't allowed to. I had practically abandoned her, left her to deal with everything by herself. I knew people would say it wasn't my fault, but it didn't change anything. We were different people now, she was no longer the girl with the braid that I had longed for every day since I was five years old, and I was no longer the boy who had offered her a loaf of bread. We'd both been tainted by the Capitol. She deserved better than someone who could rip out her throat if their mind suddenly snapped. But it was so hard to keep up my resolve as my eyes scanned over her beautiful form. "You're back." I could barely even believe she had spoken. Her voice was so quiet, so unlike her. The sound of it just pushed my self-restraint to the limit. I nodded slowly, "Dr Aurelius wouldn't let me leave the Capitol until yesterday." I tried to keep my statement light, but also trying to explain my absence. "By the way, he says he can't keep pretending he's treating you forever. You have to pick up the phone." I smiled lightly, pathetically hoping I might get one in return. "What are you doing?" Her brows furrowed, looking between me and the bushes as if she had only just noticed they were the reason I was crouched outside her house. I saw the realisation dawning on her as she recognised the bushes. "I saw these in the woods this morning, I thought we could plant them alongside the house. For her." She just stared blankly at me, the fact that she hadn't immediately told me to tear them out of the ground was a good sign. "I know there's not many at the moment, I was going to fill in the gaps as I came across them." I babbled. I thought I could see the slightest hint of a smile playing on her lips before it quickly fell, replaced by a steady nod. She was accepting the gesture, my heart almost jumped in relief. As if in slow motion, a chunk of hair fell in front of her face. I stared at the dark locks, immediately wishing I could run my hands through them like I had done before, gently push the hair from her face – letting my fingers brush against her cheekbone. But Katniss cut my fantasies short, briskly pushing the hair back herself. Only her hand stayed matted in her hair, it was only then that I realised it probably hadn't been brushed in days. It didn't matter to me, but suddenly she looked mortified – darting back into the house. I wanted to call after her, but instead I focused back on the bushes. I made sure they were all anchored well, watered and fed before returning to my house. I didn't see Katniss for the rest of the time I spent outside, but I didn't expect to. There was only one way we would ever be able to reconnect, and it involved baby steps.