to sleep it off. The trial was grueling. Yet Effie made sure she was there everyday to show support for her Tribute. Haymitch told her again and again that she didn't need to be there but everyday she went back. She was there as they tore her to pieces and she was there when they built her up again, mask back in place, wig on top of her head. Peeta occasionally joined her, but usually left half way through. He was still badly burnt and the hijacked memories still plagued him. To her surprise, Haymitch was always with her. Both of them testified in Katniss's defense and both comforted the other afterwards. It was like they had gone back to when they were friends. Before the baby, before he had even kissed her. She liked it, but she missed that spark of feeling alive, the fire that consumed her when he touched her. Katniss was cleared to go home, which Effie was thrilled about. Haymitch was to go with her and keep an eye on her, which Effie was not so pleased about. Katniss needed him, this she knew, and she was to stay with Peeta who was still undergoing severe therapy to try and return his memories to what they once were. But she wanted, needed, him to stay. He was the only one she had left. He was the only one she had ever had. Still, Effie saw them off at the hovercraft, smile still on and clipboard in hand. She made him promise to take care of Katniss, and gave him a list of instructions a mile long, which he had pocketed with a rueful smile and probably never looked at again. The hovercraft was about to leave when she stopped him "Promise I'll see you you again?" "Of course Princess" he had replied "we're family." She returned to her tiny little flat, now covered in dust from months of no one living here. Her stuff had been strewn across the ground, her cupboards and drawers completely emptied and even a large painting shredded in the living room. Effie had taken one look at it all and had thrown everything out save for a few sentimental items and had sold the flat to the first person who had been interested and moved into the palace where she helped as a consultant to Plutarch, who was now head of communications. She helped make connections, helped design new tv shows to replace the games and threw parties when ever she could. She lost her demure outlook on life and fought hard to make herself heard. Plutarch got the fright of his life when she found out that he had asked Katniss to sing on a new television show. She told him that he was a despicable bastard and that the poor girl had gone through enough. She had then stormed out, slamming the door behind her. No one had known quite what to say. A week later her notice was on his desk. He begged and pleaded for her to stay, telling her that having her around was helping to keep the peace. She had sat and listened until he told her that this was her home. She looked at him coldly before replying that it was not. She was at his door three days later, knocking on it with her perfect nails and holding her head high "Effie" he said in disbelief when he opened the door "Hello Haymitch." She had replied "I've come home." "Thank god." He breathed before pulling her too him and kissing her like his life depended on it. Before she knew it she was in his bedroom on his bed, with him touching her like she was made of gold. It was slow, gentle and perfect. She fell asleep in his arms that night but not before he whispered in her ear "I love you." And she had murmured back "I love you too" And so life in twelve began, with her puttering around the house and garden and him tending to his geese. She still wore her make-up, but it was just enough to hide the scars and she still complained when people didn't have manners. But the wigs and corsets were a thing of the past. She didn't need to hide anymore. She and Haymitch never married, never had kids. But everyone in Panem knew they were a team. They occasionally had screaming matches, and once or twice she threw something at him. She refused to let him cook one of his geese and he had insisted that the large mahogany table in the living room was far to large. But when they made up, they behaved like teenagers, holding hands as they walked together, kissing one another on the cheek for no apparent reason, and sleeping together every single night, comforting each other when the nightmares brought the memories back. Years and years later, when Haymitch was in his seventies the years of drinking finally got to him. In his final days, when he was completely bedridden, Effie was by his side day and night. No one commented on the fact that she wouldn't leave, not even to eat a meal or take a shower, because it was Haymitch and Effie. Completely devoted to one another. "We've had our adventures haven't we princess?" He asked one afternoon, struggling to keep his eyes open "We have." She had answered "but I'm so glad they were with you." He reached for her hand and gave it a light squeeze "So am I, princess, so am I." Haymitch Abernathy died on a sunny afternoon, with Effie Trinket by his side and his two tributes in the room next door. Effie Trinkett died three days later, with Katniss on her right, Peeta on her left and a photo of him resting on her chest. Please please review! I know the ending is sad, but with the title I needed to do her whole life