me not to waste time. Don't waste time, Katniss." Katniss nods as she squeezes Madge's hand. Peeta looks around at the restaurant, and he feels nothing but surges of pride as he sits in the now clean and quiet kitchen with a drink. The grand opening went about as smoothly as it could get. There were people lined up outside, and the reservations were pouring in. Woodland Creatures has enough business to last for years to come, and Peeta still can't believe that this moment has finally happened for him and his friends. They've put everything into this and to see the vision come to fruition makes him unbelievably happy. Tonight was utterly perfect: customers were happy, impressed, and left satisfied and expressing a desire to come back again and and again. The only thing missing was Katniss. Katniss had asked for some space, for time to think, and he gave it to her, not wanting to push too hard. That'd been a couple of weeks ago, and he misses her. Peeta sighs as he sips at his drink. "Mind if I join you?" He turns round, and he sees Katniss standing in the entrance to the kitchen. "Hey," he says. "What're you doing here?" "Um, Cinna let me in," Katniss explains. "I missed you tonight," he tells her, disappointment in his tone. "I know, I'm sorry," she says. "I didn't want to distract you." "You're not a distraction to me," he says. "Anyway, I've been missing you." "I miss you too," Katniss says as she comes in and sits down next to him. Peeta looks at her, and he has to resist the urge to kiss her. "Madge and Gale are doing great," she reports. "Madge and I are talking again." "That's great," Peeta says. "When she was in the hospital, she told me that one thing she learned from the crash was to not waste time," Katniss begins. "And I've been wasting so much time, Peeta. The pain of the past is nearly gone, and I don't want to waste anymore time on it. I don't want to waste time being angry or scared. You have brought me back, Peeta. I enjoy my work again, I feel confident, I feel like I can take a picture of fucking garbage and make it art. You...you fed my passion, Peeta. You awakened something inside me that has been dormant for so long. My heart is lighter than it's ever been, and it's because of you." He looks at her. "I-I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm in love with you too," she grins. "I fell in love with you from the moment you first cooked for me. I love you, Peeta. I love-" He interrupts her with a kiss, and she wraps her arms around his neck. He picks her up, and she smiles against his lips. Four Years Later.. . It doesn't bother Katniss at all that she isn't the center of attention at her own wedding. In fact, she's glad for it, considering that she doesn't feel like the glowing, blushing bride that everyone's been telling her she is. It may be true, but her six month pregnant belly is telling her otherwise. She's pretty sure that she's going to be hideous in the pictures, and she's even more sure that she's going to bust out of her dress. In a couple weeks' time between the final fitting of her dress and this morning, she managed to grow in the bust, and Johanna of course had something to say about it. "Well, Peeta's going to have lots of fun with those tonight..." "Jesus, Johanna," Katniss had said, even though she knew it was true. Once the wedding actually got started, all the focus shifted from her. Katniss grins as she watches her husband dance with the other lady of the hour. Hannah Cherise Mellark is the center of not just her parents', but everyone else's world, and boy does she milk it. Three years old, and she's already got the world watching. She's the most adorable flower girl on the planet. Hannah made sure to put her two cents in about the wedding. Actually, she is the one that brought up the idea. "Mommy, Daddy, when you goin' ta get wedding?" At first, Peeta and Katniss didn't understand. "What're you talking about, baby girl?" Peeta had asked. "Wedding," she insisted, dramatically waving her hands. "With a cake?" "Oh," the parents said in unison. "You mean, married, Duck?" Katniss asked. "Yep," Hannah nodded. "With a big, big cake." She'd had the idea of a big, big cake stuck in her head. "Well, honey, marriage is..." Peeta had tried to explain. "It's complicated," Katniss added. "And...well, Mommy and Daddy...well we..." They tried to explain all the reasons why they would not get married, and they just ended up with nothing. "But you love each other, right?" Hannah asked. "Yes, of course, baby girl," Peeta said. "How come you don' wanna get wedding?" She asked. "It's married, darling," Katniss corrected with a smile. "How come Mommy and Daddy don't want to get married..." "How come?" Alana asked, genuinely curious. Peeta chuckled, then he looked at Katniss. "That's a good question, Hannah," he grinned over at Katniss, who was four months pregnant at the time. "You should marry Mommy, Daddy," Hannah said. "So we can have a big, big cake and stuff..." Peeta grinned. "Yeah...I should marry Mommy..." Katniss smiled. As she picks up her camera and focuses in on her husband dancing with their daughter, Gale and Madge cradling their new baby boy, her sister and Rory enjoying a slice of the cake that Peeta made himself together, and Thresh and Johanna talking animatedly, she sighs contentedly as the breeze comes in from the lake. It all feels so right. She waits for the autofocus to adjust, then she takes the picture. End Thank you for taking the time to read. Please let me know what you think.