a name. Saint John snapped awake immediately and said, "Gale." He looked around not sure where he was until he heard a soft woman's voice ask, "You alright?" He looked down to his left and could make out the shape of a thin woman lying next to him and the queen sized soft bed. The room lights came with a word from her and he was looking at a very young and attractive, not to mention naked, woman. He looked into her soft brown eyes and smiled. He touched her blonde hair and said, "No, just a bad dream I guess." She propped her head on her right arm and asked, "Who's Gale?" "A friend, he was who I was dreaming about." She frowned. "You're sleeping with me and dreaming about a guy? That might explain a few things." He smirked at her, rolled on top of the blonde girl pinning her arms over her head. She made a weak attempt at fighting him off but knew it was just a game. A game she was more than willing to play. Besides she was trained by the same group that trained him. If she really wanted to she could fight him off. She could kill him with her bare hands. He looked down into her eyes and said, "It's not like that. I dreamed he was in trouble." The playfulness changed to concern. She asked him to explain his dream to her. He frowned not really wanting to involve her in his or his friend's problems. However, he knew she wouldn't just let it go. So he rolled off her, let her snuggle up to his left side and told her about his dream. When he finished she said, "A little vivid for just a dream." He looked over at her and asked, "Don't tell me you think it's some kind of portent or vision of the future. You don't believe in that shit do you?" "With everything I've seen in my life I don't take anything for granted anymore." He stroked her hair. "If my mind wasn't so jumbled maybe I could tell if it was just a dream or something else." She took his left hand, kissed his fingers and said, "I wish you could remember too. It wasn't all bad, some of it was pretty nice." He rolled over on his left side and stared at her for several minutes. She was very pretty, beautiful even but he couldn't stop thinking about his friends. She could tell he was bothered by his friends being in danger. She asked, "Do you want some help?" She smiled and replied, "No, its my problem not yours. Besides I'm not sure what you could do that wouldn't make things worse." She rolled him on his back, got on top and replied, "You sure? I could get the band back together. Well what's left of the band at any rate." He laughed. Well, a band was a good way of putting it. "Maybe we could hire Ozzy to be the opening act?" She kissed him. "No, Rob Zombie." He laughed. "You're right, he'd be a better match." She began kissing his neck and he wasn't thinking about anything but her anymore. It wasn't love or romance, it was just two people who for a few minutes in time didn't want to be alone anymore. They both knew this would end the moment either one of them found someone special to them. After they finished she asked, "So, what does this Gale look like?" He smiled and asked, "So you make love to me and think about another guy?" He rolled away from her and said in the best hurt voice he had, "Guess I didn't make much of an impression on you." She touched his shoulder and said, "Well, you're no Snake but…" He rolled back to face her and asked in mock horror, "You didn't sleep with him did you?" She smiled at him and said, "So what if I did? You don't own me." He didn't really care who she slept with as long as he didn't catch anything from her. He put a sad look on his face and said, "That's true." She laughed. "No, I didn't fuck Snake; I have standards." They both laughed. Snake was supposedly his oldest friend but he barely remembered him. Like most of his past the memories of both Snake and the woman known as Hacker to most of her former associates were just a almost unorganized mess of images in his head. She asked again what Gale was like. He described him as tall, strong with grey eyes and dark hair. He told her he was a good hunter and trapper. When he finished she said, "So, tall, dark and handsome. I should go back with you. You can introduce us." "He's interested in someone else." "Pity." She ran her hand though his chest hair for several minutes not saying anything. She rested her head on his chest and asked how long he had before his friend's name would be drawn. He shook his head and said, "Jordan, it was a dream; nothing else." "If it was just a dream why are you still thinking about it?" "Because I'm an idiot." She scowled at him, said, "No you're an idiot for insisting on dealing with this yourself," and got out of the bed. "Jordan?" She picked his pants up off the floor, tossed them on the bed and said, "I'm taking a shower. Don't be here when I get back." "Jordan?" She turned around and said angrily, "Your call Boss. Go get yourself killed. Perhaps if you survive whatever you plan on doing you'll understand someday that as good as we are alone we are far better as a team." He watched her small, muscular, naked ass walk away and yelled, "Jordan! Hacker!" When the door closed he looked at the ceiling and said, "Fuck." He got dressed and left the room.