heads, they often didn't even realize they were being used, and he got endless amounts of entertainment from this. But entertainment is fleeting, and it is gone just as soon as you have it. What he truly wanted was that feeling he had the day he killed his parents. That sort of adrenaline rush he never felt again and craved. Did that make him crazy? He often wondered if it did, and yet he didn't care. Crazy or not, he couldn't care less. Everyone in this District was just a puppet on his string, they danced for him as he controlled them behind a silk curtain. All of them but the mayor. The man that not only stood up to Emerald, but had actually made Emerald uneasy, scared even. He couldn't figure out what it was exactly, but something about that man drove Emerald insane. Maybe it's because he was the only man that really knew who Emerald was, he could see past the smile, and the kindly vibe he tried to give off. He could see right into Emeralds soul. Emerald hated that man more then ever, and he swore that he would make him pay. He would make the mayor afraid to say the name "Emerald Kyle". The Reaping Rebekah hadn't seen Ric for the rest of that day, and now that she was standing in the crowd with all the other people, she still couldn't see him. There was so much she wanted to tell him, That she was sorry. That she loved him too. That she wanted to be with him forever. But this was her duty, this was her job. She had been training her entire life for this moment, this moment to prove to everyone how strong she was. But then there was Ric. Her Ric. The Ric that had been by her side all these years, the Ric she didn't even know she loved until today. It was like there were two parts of her, each trying to fight for what they wanted. Part of her wanted to prove herself in the Arena, the other part wanted to run to Ric's arms and never let go. She felt remarkably cold, and never had she felt more torn about something in her life. She tried to relax, and look at things logically. She did love Ric, that much was clear. She had all along, it just took something like this for her to realize it. But as much as she loved him, she had been training for this her whole life. It wasn't just that, the Hunger Game was her entire life. Besides, she was obligated to volunteer. She was chosen out of all the female tributes to fight alongside or eventually against Emerald Kyle. As much as she loved Ric, these were undeniable facts. It was an honor she couldn't get out of if she tried. She lowered her head, deciding that it was best for her to volunteer after all. As she came to this conclusion, the red lights on the cameras turned on, and all eyes moved to the stage. Out stepped the escort for District 1 escort, Alon. He was a very short, petite man. He was covered in diamonds and jewels from head to toe. He reached foreword and grabbed the microphone, " Lets get this thing rolling!" The crowd cheered and let out a loud applause. After the speeches and promotional videos he whipped out the bowl of female names, and placed it on the podium. "Sapphire Tem." Alon said with a wide smile. Before Sapphire had a chance to get on stage, Rebekah shouted, "I volunteer." Nobody was surprised, but everyone clapped. Sapphire just smiled and nodded, and went back to her friends. Alon seemed to know all along it was her, because he shouted, "Everyone welcome Rebekah Michaels!" The crowd cheered once more, and between the whistles and yells, she finally saw Ric. He was staring at her, his eyes full of tears. She wanted to run to him, to tell him she would be back. But she stood frozen on stage, waiting for Emerald to announce himself. Emerald smiled. He had seen Rebekah training, and had even bothered to learn her name. She was a tough fight, but nothing he felt as if she would be an easy target for him somewhere down the line. But it would be wise to get her to trust him, and follow him blindly. She would be a very good asset to have. But for now, he would just play things by ear, maybe study her a little bit. Find out what weakness's she has, and exploit them. She would be putty in his hands by the end of the week. But for now, he would just wait for Alon to announce some kids name for Emerald to volunteer for. He announced the kids name, and for a second Emerald wanted to wait for a while, and give the kid a heart attack. But he had an image to keep up, and he finally volunteered. The boy ran back in the crowd and disappeared as Emerald made his way to the stage. "Welcome Emerald Kyle!" Yelled Alon. Emerald nodded at him and raised his arms and the crowd cheered. He noticed some girls in the crowd were tearing up. He walked up to the microphone, "To the girl I never got to say I loved: I'll be back for you." All the girls smiled, and Emerald winked at the crowd. The beauty of that move, was that all the girls probably thought that was directed right at them. He thought he should have a little fun before he left. As he shook the hand of Rebekah, he noticed that she didn't appear taken with him at all. Well, that ruined several of his manipulation plans. But still, getting her on his side would be the easy part. Killing her would be the hard part. [End of District 1 Reaping!]