was sorry he died. She told the girl that she had to, to protect her sister. And she moved through the forest gathering her trapped rabbits in the snares she had set earlier that day. She cleaned and cooked them. She scrambled up a tree and quietly hoped that her 'brother' could forgive her for not saving him. She reassured herself she is a good girl, and that she did what she had to do to survive. She ate the food she was resourceful enough to prepare. Her innocence is restored. Finnick smirks a little. He began to suspect Haymitch had thought of this eventuality. How to keep her innocent if she had to kill. 'Oh he's good. She's been playing kitten when she's really a lioness.' Then she thanked the person for the bow again and said she will keep her District's honor to use it to win. She's utterly perfect. He waited for Haymitch for when he finally returned. Finnick filled him in while Claudius Templesmith and Caeser Flickerman commentated over the day's events on the largest screen in the room. It was what the broadcast the public was able to see, while the mentors were given full access. The fight with Katniss, Adam, and District 1 and 2 was the main topic. "I'm not even surprised." Finnick gave his elder mentor a smirk. "We've had this all figured out. Since the train. She's a clever one that girl. And that innocence might just keep her from Snow." Haymitch shared with the younger mentor. "I'm glad she likes the bow" Finnick can not help but smirk. "You saved her life, I'll make sure she knows." Haymitch returned with a smile. His little girl was going to come home. She was in the top four now. All he had to do was wait. Then six days later, the earthquake was set off and Haymitch wanted to scream, grab a bottle, anything really. Because how can she survive this. And she was up a tree, far away from the river, thanks in part to new hunting grounds and a pond. He was wishing for all his might that she was the only one bright enough to think of that when the flood began. Haymitch was searching through the flash flood and listening to the cannons go. It is finally revealed an hour later it is only his little girl and Annie Cresta, the mad girl from District Four. He watched Finnick out of the corner of his eyes and saw the turmoil there. Bring home a Victor, or send home a child who's family, Panem, he will be lost without. He would hate to be in that pretty boy's shoes right now. Finnick continues to watch and its agony. Split between his duty, and adoration for a little spitfire who wormed her way into his heart. It had been hours, and it became clear Katniss had food for days and Annie could swim like a champ. This could last days. Mercifully almost, the mutts come twelve hours later. In the room there were two sighs of relief. "Looks like I'm bringing my little girl home!" Haymitch smiled and some of the others could not help but share in his smile. When their tributes were gone, she was who they dared to root for in the small parts of their hearts that still kept beating. Finnick hid his smile and kept his face neutral. "She's going to make one hell of a mentor." And in some secret part of his mind, 'and one day one hell of a woman one day.' "How does it feel to be the youngest Victor in history Miss Everdeen?" Caesar asked with a truly happy smile. "It feels okay. I'm sad about Adam. I really think I loved him like an older brother and I'll miss him forever." She whispered, "but I'm happy too. Now I'll get to take care of my family forever." The rest of the interview continued on and she was charming and sweet. No one save the Victors knew how hard this must be on her. She was shaking from the trauma. Caesar questioned her and she explained that all she wanted was to hug her mom and hold her sister tight. She can't wait to get back to 12 and her family. Caeser laughed and her innocence shined though. She was a symbol of hope for the people and Snow watches her carefully. She was coached very well, and had any other played the game as she had they might not have pulled it off. Tensions were always higher with younger tributes, but with one as a winner. His mind began spinning at that thought. Katniss had value to him, he could sell her body, or he could pull her to his side. He thought that selling her innocence could be much more profitable. He had a grand daughter a little younger than her own sister. He would hate to taint that hope. He could use her victory for years when other twelve year old children die. She was gold. He knew who had sponsored her for the bow. So soon after her time with Mr. Odair, which she had also donated to his own tribute. He knew who was responsible. The girl from Four had helped Miss Everdeen learn to tie knots, so he assumed that was how Finnick got the information. The action though, and later checking personally, the extra hour Finnick had given the woman for her sponsorship of the Girl on Fire. The snake eyes gleamed as his fangs poked through his smile. Oh he could use this to his advantage. Finnick was the Capitol's golden boy, and he could turn this symbol of hope into his new golden Mockingjay. The two youngest Tributes in history, oh he was sure he could make a fortune with a story like that. He saw the fire in her eyes, and the best way to quench fire, was with water.