into the car settling around Katniss and Peeta like fiery smoke. "We have arrived at our destination sir," Kat drawls playfully, jumping out of the car, not caring to conservatively pull her skirt down, and tosses the keys onto Peeta's no longer tented lap. Peeta walks over to her slowly, as the valet takes the keys from him, retiring the car for the rest of the night, or the trip, if Peeta had it his way. "Well Kat, thank you." He says, handing her the money. "You'll find a ride back?" She swings her arms, and clasps her hands together, "Yeah, I'm taking the bus." Peeta nods his head in understanding, "Ah, saving the world, one carpooled ride at a time." She smiles slightly and quietly laughs with raised eyebrows, "Yep… One ride at a time." "Right, well, here's your money. Thank you for the ride." She nods her head as if to say an unsentimental goodbye. Kat is the first to walk away, her heals clicking on the side walk, as Peeta looks on at her. He should turn away. Should. But there's a nagging voice inside of his head. Months. It's been months. And then he hears Clove's voice, with her hisses and accusations. He's boring, safe, monotonous. Peeta Mellark is predictable. That's what she said to him when she left with her Louis Vuitton luggage clutched in her talons, Peeta Mellark is already dead. He wants to be anything but the lifeless man he has become. The man who works 60 hours a week, with no time for family or friends. The man who only goes home to make calls and avoids any type of social setting. The man who has become as trite and uninteresting as his life. Well a trite and uninteresting man would not hire a prostitute. No. That's something men like Peeta Mellark would never do. When Peeta looks at her - really looks at her - he notices that she's not that bad looking. Her hair needs to be changed, that's a given. But she's quite beautiful. And there's something in her manner, her childlike demeanor, that's innocently appealing. Her incessant need to keep the conversation going is endearing. And maybe, just maybe, her childish behavior will earn her money for the night. So, when he sees Kat standing by the sidewalk, her hip jutted out, her arms crossed, her face calmly anticipating the bus, when he sees her as a beautiful escape from his neatly boxed, boring life; he doesn't see a prostitute. He sees the polar opposite of his mirror reflection. She's dark, and adventurous, and doesn't have her life pieced perfectly together. He sees the possibility. He sees the possibility of a beautiful scenery that just needs to be painted. And somehow, through his eyes and silent reverie, his body has left no choice but to hire this girl because before he knew it, he's merely a foot from her. And before he can back out, and run like the coward he is, he clears his throat with an authoritative cough. She twirls around on her heals, "What can I do for you, sugar?" What Can I do for you? What can she do for him? Peeta doesn't know. Why is he here, who is she again? He doesn't even remember. This was unlike him. He was usually so cold and so domineering; he was usually the Christian Grey and she should be as timid as Bella Swan. But instead, her demeanor turned him into a tongue tied pubescent teen being propositioned by a woman for the first time. She's anything but a fragile female. Peeta smiles at her, "Did you really say two hundred and fifty an hour?" "That's right." "I thought so," Peeta calmly runs his hands down his suit and gathers his thoughts, "Well, how would you like to accompany me to my room, unless you had other plans?" A large, engulfing smile tugs on Kat's face, "I think I could switch some plans around for that." She dusts imaginary dirt off his shoulders. "So, what's your name?" Right. Name. That would be helpful. "Peeta." "Peeta? Really? It just so happens that I love gyros." She says adjusting the bag on her shoulder. He smirks at her, "Why does that not surprise me," he shrugs his suit jacket off and puts it around her shoulders. "What are you doing?" She asks, and tries to resist his clothes. "You know, I can clothe myself." "I don't doubt that; but you see, Kat, this hotel," he pauses, clasping the jacket around her, "I don't think it's the kind of hotel you frequent." She stops dead on the sidewalk staring at him, and crosses her hands over her chest. "What do you mean I frequent? What makes you think I haven't been here before? Hm?" When he doesn't respond, and instead resumes pushing her forward with his hand on the small of her back, she relents and glides along the entrance way. "You know, I've been here a lot. A lot. And you know… this place- this place really, really isn't all its cracked up to be." He bites his smile back at her flustered ramblings and spirited, punctuating hands. She talks with her hands. She continues, "In fact, it's nothing compared to the Ritz. Seriously, if you wanted to impress me you should have gotten a room there. I mean, Wilshire, really? Did your grandpa pick this room for you?" She's goading him on, staring at him as he pushes her forward. Peeta doesn't say anything as he guides her into the lobby. And as she enters, Kat's demeanor instantly changes. She tugs his suite jacket tighter around her, like it's a security blanket protecting her. A laugh escapes her as she takes in the marble and ornate decor. "You've gotta be shitting me." I hope you enjoyed, until next time. Pretty woman, stop a while. Pretty woman, talk a wile. Pretty woman, give your smile to me.