moments of elation, from Turlach's nasty cut on the side of his head from a bad fall, which he later on carried with pride, saying it was just like his father's, to when Turlach was crouched, hugging his little sister after she took her first steps. As Annie took her daughter into her arms and rested her on her hip, she kissed her and stared into her eyes. Taisce was really starting to fit into her name, especially with her eyes. Taisce did take on the green of her father's eyes, as Annie had presumed, but that was only on one eye. Taisce's right eye was very much a light shade of blue. The doctor said it wasn't anything to be concerned about, and that Taisce could see perfectly fine in both eyes. It was just something that happened. She had to admit that she was slightly worried that it was going to be a problem, and even Finnick wasn't sure about it, but they weren't about to give their daughter some unnecessary surgery just to make her eyes look the same. A year and a half later, nothing had happened to give them any cause for concern. Now, Annie and Finnick interpreted Taisce's eyes as two beautiful gems. Treasure. As she continued to hold Taisce, she looked over to where Finnick and Turlach were playing and laughing in the water. The day was finally getting dark but it was still warm out. She looked on her husband, on his wavy bronze hair and the big open-mouthed smile on his face. With the exception of the scar, he looked practically the same as when they had first met. She had just a brief moment of a memory when she thought that maybe he'd be better off without her. She laughed within herself, thinking of how silly she'd been then. She was no longer that insecure and mangled shell of a person anymore. Her husband. Her husband was right. They needed each other, and they were perfect for each other. They had gone through the hardest trials of their lives and conquered their nightmares with each other in mind. And their children were the proof of that. Even the one that they lost. They were the proof of their love. Their children may not be as popular as Finnick or Annie were, being that Finnick and Annie were survivors of the Hunger Games and Finnick was directly involved in the Panem Revolutionary War (that's what they called it in the history books now), but their kids didn't have to be. To Annie and Finnick, they were theirs, and they were loved, and no one was going to hurt them. That's all that mattered. That day was all about them. They had many days like that. And they were wonderful. Later that night, as Finnick and Annie were lying in bed together, and the kids fully asleep, Annie bent over Finnick and kissed the side of his face, where his scar was. Then she kissed his forehead. Then each eyelid. Then both cheeks. And finally his lips, where they lingered. When she finally broke the kiss and looked at him, she saw his smile and his sea foam eyes glistened with desire and love. "Thank you, Finnick. You've helped make this day so amazing," said Annie. "Really? But we didn't do anything special," he said, with a hint of a smirk on his face. She knew that face. "What are you smirking about?" said Annie. Finnick laughed. Before she could ask again, he nudged her aside so he could get up off the bed. "Stay there," he said, and then disappeared from the room. When he came back, he was carrying something flat and rectangular, about three feet in length and two feet in width. It was a frame. But it wasn't just a frame. When Finnick turned it over, she was speechless. She felt that pang in her chest and the lump in her throat. The tears were probably expected as Finnick just smiled, seeing the expression Annie's face. "I didn't even have to ask Peeta. After I sent them the picture of the kids, a few weeks later, he sent this to me." Annie walked up to it, looking at the painting of their kids. Turlach and Taisce were in an embrace, with their faces cheek to cheek so you could see both of them. Finnick held her from behind and he rested his chin on her shoulder. "He painted this for us?" Annie asked, dumbfounded. "Mm-hm." "Wow." "I thought the same thing. He's pretty good, huh?" "Yes." "Hopefully one of these days, we can do something for Katniss's birthday when it comes." "Or Peeta's." Finnick chuckled. "Yeah." Annie turned around to face him. "Thank you, Finnick," she said. "This has been a wonderful day. I love you so much." Finnick smiled, his eyes filled still filled with desire and love. "I love you, too, my sweet Annie. Happy Birthday." They didn't sleep much that night. It was just too good a day to end. ~Fin~ A/N: I usually prefer not to write A/U because that often changes the original author's interpretation of the character, but I did try to keep the characters canon as much as I could in this situation, and with the idea that people change over time with the influence of those in their lives. I believe Annie would've most definitely benefitted in the psychological healing if Finnick had been alive to help her. I also wanted to write this as a Christmas gift for my friend, Mayra, who's a big Finnick lover and had requested this from me quite a while ago. Unfortunately, I had finished up the story while sick with a bad cold and had only managed to get it out by Christmas Day, without having it beta-read, for which I apologize for. With that said, I'm still happy with the outcome of the story and I hope you enjoyed it as well.