him now. It was about her. It was about keeping Annie focused and perfected and even angry enough to stay alive. The fake smile faded and his face hardened, as if becoming a brutal twin of himself. Strong, harsh, ambitious. At that moment, he looked like a career still in the games. Ready to fight, ready to kill. Annie leaned back against her chair, her mouth opened a bit in surprise of the sudden change. Finnick smiled again, not to toy with her emotions, but to agree with her. "Okay, no more games," Finnick said. "At least not from me." From that point forward, from the time they arrived in the Capitol to the time that she entered the arena, he was there with her every step of the way, as much as he could physically be there. When he wasn't, he made sure to remind her everything he taught her, from what to say in her interview to what to learn in the training sessions to what to do in her private session with the gamemakers. The District 4 escort also tried to help Annie as much as she could with the proper etiquettes of ladylike mannerisms. For the people of Panem, these things were too important to ignore. Annie had to get them to like her, but she also had to be beautiful to do it. She had to play down to their standards if she was going to get any kind of support from them. Her interview seemed boring at first, but when Caesar Flickerman, the interviewer, confirmed that Annie was from the district's community home, that knowledge played to the sympathy of Panem. Finnick knew that information would get some "aww's", but he also knew he was still going to have to work his own magic to actually get the donations Annie would need to survive in the arena. And he did exactly that. Once Annie was in the arena, he turned on the charm and smiled and flirted his way through to everyone that gave him the attention, which of course were mostly women. It was all about him, really. They wanted him to see they were interested in what he was interested in. If that meant giving donations for his tribute, they would do it just to spend five minutes gazing on his face, his torso, his whole body. It didn't matter if the women were 17 or 71 years old, they were willing to give whatever they could just to see Finnick smile at them. It worked. For 10 days the flirting, the smirks, and the gentle touches he gave to his adoring admirers worked wonders. Annie was getting a fair amount of the donations in the arena. So much so that she was able to share it with her fellow tribute from 4, Lev Shuster, as well as three careers from 1 and 2. That is, until the careers from 2 decided that Lev wasn't worth their time anymore and decapitated him right in front of Annie. That's when everything started falling apart. Had the careers known what was going to proceed, had they known what kind of effect this would have on Annie, they might have waited for a later time to kill Lev. Annie didn't just gawk. She didn't just scream. She didn't just panic. Something happened to her once Lev's body hit the ground. Annie Cresta ceased to be sane. The camera focused solely on her face and the expression in her eyes was not that of an angry person. They were of a madwoman. At that moment, in the middle of one of Finnick's flirtations to a donor, he stopped as he glanced at the screen, which brought everyone else around him to a stop as well. They all watched the scene unfold before them in the arena and they knew, just as well as he did, once she ran off, that the odds were no longer in his favor, as far as mentors go. Annie Cresta was not going to survive. The few days after that event, the cameras didn't show Annie as much. She was in hiding, and only every so often they would take a glimpse at her. For Finnick, it was painful to watch his tribute waste away into a clutter of tangled hair and tears. For the people of the Capitol, it was just boring. They might've felt some kind of compassion for her during her interview, but Finnick was kidding himself if he thought he could convince anyone to continue supporting her after she freaked out. It wasn't about her. It was about him, and the attention he was giving them. They really didn't care whether she lived or died if she wasn't going to be entertaining. They really just wanted Finnick Odair, not Annie Cresta. But with Annie the way she was, they weren't about to give much support to someone as useless and unengaging as her, not even for Finnick. He had failed her and didn't realize it until now, with no one but the other mentors around him. Maybe I will join Haymitch in a drink after she dies , he thought. But she didn't die. The gamemakers didn't wait too much longer for her to come out of hiding. She ended up being the last one standing, or swimming in this case. Now Finnick has to prepare for the aftermath of her victory. Annie's arrival back to the Training Center. The victory banquet for the sponsors. The three hour recap of the Hunger Games… Finnick's heartbeat quickens. Will she be able to handle this part now , he asks himself. He doesn't know, not without taking a better look at her in person. Not without looking into her eyes, the ones that were so full of determination only a couple of weeks ago. What he does know is that whatever the case may be, he's going to be there for her. He has to, because he's her mentor.