the chain clinking against my side as it does. His fingers slip between my legs, and I close my eyes, leaning my forehead against his chest when he finds what he is looking for. Only now that he parts my soaking folds, do I realize just how wet I am, even though he has barely touched me. "Look at me," he says, his voice low and commanding. He holds his fingers still against me. When I don't face him, he repeats, more insistently this time. " Look at me." Only when I do, does he move his calloused and scarred fingers, providing me with friction. His index finger expertly slips over my swollen clit, and I involuntarily buck against him. The chain that holds his wrist captive is hard and cold against the sensitive skin of my thigh, but somehow, the contrast between the chain and his fingertips only seems to enhance my pleasure. He traces circles around my clit, over and over again. Perfect, tight circles, using just the right amount of pressure. He seems sure of himself, in a way that 16-year-old Peeta wasn't. Peeta reacquaints himself with my body. I close my eyes, nearly overloaded by stimuli. Again, he stops, and this time, he doesn't have to tell me what he wants. When I force myself to open my eyes, I find that he is studying my face closely, watching my reaction to his touch. I blink, trying to focus, and lick my lips. "Please," I moan, but I don't really know what I am begging for. But Peeta does. He slips first one, then two fingers inside me. I stifle my moan against his chest. His fingers slide out, collecting my fluids, and drawing them to my clit. I can feel my orgasm building already, a pressure deep in my belly. Feverishly, I start tearing at his clothes without having any clear plan other than needing them off . When I feel his cock burning against me, his skin finally against bare against mine, it is both a shock and a relief. He hurriedly reaches for my thighs and hoists me up, his chains cool against my ass. I wrap my legs around his waist, and he is close, so close. His cock slips over my swollen folds, searching for my entrance and pressing the stones of the rough wall into my back. The head of his cock pushes into me and he moans low in his throat. My body tenses and I hold my breath. Despite how ready I am for him, it is still uncomfortable. He is so big, and it has been so long. He stops before he's fully sheathed inside me. "Katniss?" He whispers, and unlike before, his voice is surprisingly soft. The mocking is gone. He holds my eyes, and I blink quickly. I don't know if I'm tearing up because of the sudden and unexpected discomfort, or if it is simple because he said my name. For the first time tonight, I am not the Emperor's daughter, who lied to him. I am only Katniss. I will my muscles to relax as I fight to control my breathing. He keeps perfectly still, holding my gaze until my inner muscles relax, accepting the intrusion. Only then does he push all the way into me in one, slow thrust. Peeta's chest heave and I squeeze his shoulders, nodding my head slightly, giving him permission to take me the way he did before. He pulls out, slowly, and I can feel every vein and ridge as he does. He thrusts back into me hard and fast, and this time, my body is ready for him. I relish the sounds of wet slapping skin against skin, my half-muffled moans, and the grunting noises he makes every time he pounds into me. Trapped against the wall, there is nothing to do but hang on to him. He tilts my hips, finding a better angle, one that allows the base of his cock to slide across my clit every time he thrusts extra deeply. His cock, his sounds, his blue, burning eyes, and his strong body against mine all drive me closer to the brink, with every almost punishing stroke. He fucks me with the desperation of a man who knows tonight might be his last on Earth. His desperation reflects my own; I've been lonely all my life, except with Peeta. I come with a muffled cry of his name, and he follows me, wordlessly, only a few moments later. I feel him release deep inside of me, his cock twitching. Finally he stills, panting heavily even as my body contracts around his cock for a few seconds longer. He rests his forehead against the dungeon wall, his cock still inside of me as he fights to regain control of his breathing. He doesn't say a word. Then he abruptly pulls out of me, and my legs slide down to the floor, my knees shaking. My dress falls down to cover my legs, and I feel his seed run down the inside of my thigh. He did not even attempt to pull out of me before he came, the way he did before. I don't know what it means. I don't know what any of this means. "Yes. You can help me," he finally says, and his voice is hard and cold. Distant. The soft, almost caring voice from before is gone. "Forget you ever knew me. Never come here again." I open my mouth to say something, although I don't know what, but he turns away from me. "Guard!" he shouts. "The lady is finished with me." My head hanging down in shame, I quickly put on my robe, hiding my face. I do not want the guards to see my flushed face or disheveled braid. I do not want Peeta to see the tears that run down my face. Fleeing the dungeons, my body aching and sore, I know I failed my mission.