need a lot of time to move on. "What's happening to her now? Tell me!" she demanded. "She spent months alone in my mansion, having food brought into her. It hit her hard. I doubt she'll ever get over it, but she was still sane last time I saw her. Sane enough to listen to reason and make the decision to shoot the arrow at President Coin. She might not be alive anymore though. There were riots after she shot Coin." "She's alive. I would know if she wasn't," Prim insisted. "I can sense that she's still alive. She has a lot of time left until she dies. I know. It's hard to explain, I just do." Snow shrugged and Prim wondered if he didn't believe her. Being the type of person he was she wouldn't be surprised. "Can you sense everybody like that?" Snow asked. "Can you sense how long my granddaughter has left?" Prim could hear the concern for Snow's granddaughter in his voice. He hadn't struck her as a kind grandpa, but appearances could be deceptive. Even though he didn't care for many people, Prim could tell that there was a soft spot in his heart for her. "I'm sorry, I can't. It's only Katniss that I can sense and that's because I was so close to her in life. You were close to her, weren't you?" Prim asked, even though she knew the answer. It would help her to understand Snow better if she could get him to talk about it though. "You might be able to sense her though," she suggested to cheer Snow up. "I was close to her," Snow replied, looking down sadly. "And I can't sense her. Believe me, I've tried. I was concerned that someone else might have taken charge and done the Capitol children Hunger Games. My granddaughter was very innocent. She didn't believe in the Games. She often suggested to me that I should have made the Third Quarter Quell twist that only volunteers could be chosen. It didn't fit with the plan though." "What was her name?" Prim asked curiously. This could be the key to Snow's redemption, the one part of him that was pure and innocent. His feelings towards his granddaughter. There was no disappointment in her there, no desire to make her change. No, he loved her, it was as simple as that. "She was called Khione. I suggested that name to her mother. Khione was an ancient goddess, she was the goddess of snow. I thought the name was fitting because of how I felt about her. Her mother agreed, so she was named Khione. You might think that it's an odd name, but in the Capitol there are much more unusual names." "Like Coriolanus," Prim said. "But I guess my name would be considered odd in the Capitol, wouldn't it? I've never seen another Primrose before anywhere other than in District 12." "Precisely. In the Capitol people like the more unusual names. Naming people after flowers isn't normal there. Though there was an influx of mothers calling their children Katniss and Peeta after they won the seventy fourth. Coriolanus isn't too abnormal there, you know." "I can't believe that I'm sitting discussing District and Capitol names with President Snow," Prim said, laughing. "I wonder what Katniss would say if she could see this! She would probably claim that you manipulated me and try to kill you I guess," Prim said, sobering up for a moment. "She was very protective of me like that. Did you have any siblings?" "No, I was an only child. There was nobody so protective of me like that. But I didn't need or want somebody looking out for me all the time. It would irritate me. Though I guess you see that as actions done for love, therefore making them OK, yes? You have a bias towards people who feel strongly." "I suppose I do," Prim replied. "Even though I don't like you, I'm glad that we could talk. I can sense that you are now a lot closer to inner peace than you were before. And I just want to help people, no matter what they've done. I'm not one for revenge either. It won't make me feel better to hurt someone else." "Thank you for understanding," Coriolanus said. "Not many people would. There are some merits to caring and emotion, I suppose, though it just isn't natural to me. I can see why you were chosen for this job. You're a natural at it. That's one of the main things that differentiates you and Katniss: you care for all living things. It's not such a bad quality." Prim smiled slowly as she watched Coriolanus's figure fade. He had reached the balance. He wouldn't be going to hell, she knew. That was why he came to purgatory for redemption. After all, there was no purpose in punishing someone just for revenge. Snow's redemption was much faster than she thought it would be. She had done her duty well. Now it was time to move on though. There were a lot more spirits in need of her help. xXx-X-xXx Thanks for reading! This story was written for AchievingElysium's 'The Primrose Chronicles' competition. I hope you enjoyed my portrayal of what Prim's afterlife would be like. I thought that her caring for everybody was what defined Prim in life, so I tried to carry it through here. President Snow, I thought wouldn't be all evil. I could see him trying to do what he thought was right as well as gaining and keeping power. I also imagined that he would have a pretty big soft spot for his granddaughter. He reminds me of Mike Ehrmantraut from Breaking Bad in that he does what has to be done, but also has his softer side. Mike was part of the basis for this Snow. Anyway, please leave me some feedback in a review so I can see what you thought. -MoonOfPluto