7 minutes in heaven with adam in the wardrobe and i certainly don't want a repeat of that! "fine, who in this room do you want to be in a relationship with..." he asked wiggling his eyebrows and she gave him a death glare. if looks could kill he would be dead right now. "adam" she said bluntly and quickly spun the bottle not giving anyone much time to think it over. and it landed on... Ashton "truth or dare?" she asked him "dare! truth is for girls!" he says with a grin. "fine you asked for it! i dare you to take Savannah into the wardrobe and do 7 minutes in heaven..." she said grinning "fine" he said not thinking much of it "i wasn't finished!" she exclaims "chase has to be in there to but he's not allowed to get involved he just has to watch!" she says with a huge smirk "now thats what i call payback!" screamed Stephan, he is usually the quiet one but apparently he was all for this. savannah and ashton wuickly walked to the wardrobe with chase following behind with a bright red face of fury! when they were done they came out and everyone cheered and laughed as all three of them red in the face walked ou tand sat down again before spinning the bottle and it landing on... Me i knew this was not going to be good. i always picked dare. i had never picked truth. ever. because 1- i always thought truth was boring and 2- i have a little bit too much to hide. "so willow truth or dare?" Ashton asked me in a seductive tone "like you have to ask!" i say with a grin. he dosent hesitate to pull the same dare as he did last time we played "i dare you to sit on Jason's lap, wearing nothing but your underwear." he says and everyone laughs. trust me to be the one to be half naked first! i was about to pull off my shirt when i hears someone at the bottom of the stairs yell. "jeez will! i thought you would wait for me!" he yells in a sarcastic tone and instantly a huge grin spreads across my face as i recognise the nickname and voice instantly. i haven't seen my best friend in at least 2 years after his family moved back to district 4. i missed him so much, i quickly turned around and saw everyone was staring at the person they didn't know but i knew too well. maybe i knew him better than i knew myself! i sprint forward and leap into his arms and he encloses his strong arms around my waist as he holds me tight. "i missed you will!" he say sweetly "i missed you too finn!" and i pull back to see his gorgeous bronze hair and sea green eyes. my parents tell me that he looks exactly like his dad when he was younger. i could feel tears forming in my eyes as i look at him. i was so happy to have my best friend, no, my brother back in my arms even if it was for just a short time. " what the hell are you doing here?" i ask surprised to see him. "what i cant visit my girl?!" he asked in a joke shocked tone. i giggle and wipe my tears away. "of course you can!" i scream and hug him again. "i missed you so much" i realise that he is still lifting my off the ground i slowly unwrap my lags from around his waist. i never even realised i did that. and he lowered me to the ground putting an arm around my waist. we turn back to everyone with their mouths hanging open like fish. i giggle "um willow..." i turn to Jason who is staring at finn with really angry eyes. "who the hell is this?!" he almost shouts clearly not approving of our affection towards each other after 2 years of only phone calls. "i dont know who the hell he is... but i got to say that, that is the first time iv ever seen willow let down her wall." says Alexa, she says my wall separates my emotions and what i look like on the outside. iv never let anyone except finn see me cry. they were all still looking at finn questioningly. and i realised that that was my cue to introduce my best friend. but Alexa decided to but in again. "im your best friend! how could you tell me you didn't have a boyfriend?!" she half yells at me and before i can say anything finn speaks. "Im not Will's boyfriend. im her best friend and we haven't seen each other in 2 years!" he says and he smirks at me "2 years too long i say!" as i mussel my face into his chest. i still cant believe he is here! "im finn odair by the way." he says and everyone cocks their head to the side. "odair. odair as in the famous training centre for young athletes?!" Dominic jumps up with excitement like a teenage girl at a one direction concert. i giggle "yeh my dad owns the training centre." he says casually and shrugs but i know for a fact on the inside that he was proud of his dad and what his job was. "Oh my god! dude your family is so cool!" Dominic is now literally jumping up and down like a teenage girl. then it hit me "wait... is your dad here?!" i ask with my eyebrows raised. i really hope he is. i miss my uncle finnick almost as much as i miss finn! "yes. he said he would be waiting for your giant hug upstairs!" he says and i quickly slither out of his grasp around my waist and start sprinting upstairs with finn and the others close behind me.