and bare, peeling walls. The corridor is lit by several naked bulbs that hang from the ceiling at regular intervals and that give of a sickly yellow light that makes us all appear pale and ill. I am told that we are in the District Twelve's Justice Building and for a moment I am slightly confused because I'm sure that I remember a more imposing building from the televised reapings. I soon realise that we've simply been led in through the back entrance to avoid the crowds that have already started to gather in the square. Apparently they are awaiting the ceremony with avid anticipation although I take this comment with a pinch of salt. To be honest I don't know why they are even pretending because it's no secret that the citizens of each District are forced to attend and to appear welcoming to the new victor. The set of rooms that we are allocated is at the back of the Justice building. They are musty with disuse, probably because they are only ever used once a year. Mine smells violently of cleaning fluid but it doesn't quite cover up the smells of damp and neglect and my nose starts tickling almost immediately. Clio applies a couple of finishing touches to my face and hair and then we are whisked through a maze of dusty corridors to the front of the building. Someone clips a microphone to the front of my dress and as the last strains of the anthem echo into silence, the doors are flung open and someone gives me a small push. Caught by surprise, I stagger and the mayor is forced to grab my arm to steady me or I'd probably end up falling off the stage. My first impression is that the square looks a lot bigger in real life than it does on the television. Even so, one quick glance tells me that it is far smaller than ours back at home and it's also in much better condition. The buildings that surround me actually have glass in the windows and each shop front has been painted a different colour. Nearly the entire population of the District stands in front of me. They shiver in their tattered clothing that seems to be barely adequate for the freezing conditions and their white, pinched faces stare up at me, huge hungry eyes devouring me. Worst of all is the grief on the faces of the two families standing on the platform constructed at the bottom of the stage; the families of the two dead tributes. Troy and Ash. For the first time ever, I can remember their names although I don't remember ever being told them. There's a swell of muttering that quickly dwindles to an ominous silence as the mayor steps forward to the microphone set in the centre of the stage. I suddenly realise that I am terrified. 'Welcome Maya Stone, winner of the seventy third annual Hunger Games!' The ceremony begins and the mayor gives the scripted greetings and congratulations. I open my mouth to give the scripted reply but nothing comes out except an unintelligible high pitched squeaking. The mayor pauses, obviously slightly wrong footed but after it becomes obvious that he isn't going to get any more out of me he goes on with the ceremony. At some point, I am handed a small black shield. I glance at it and see my name and the words: Winner of the Seventy-third Hunger Games Congratulations from District Twelve For some reason, this has me tearing up. Maybe it's the blatant lie; none of District Twelve are happy that I have won the Games. They are grieving over their own tributes and yet they are forced to stand there and pretend to celebrate my victory when nothing will ever bring the two of them back and fill the bottomless hole that they left behind them when they were ripped from their home. Or maybe it's the fact that I don't feel like a winner. I never have and I never will. I bend slightly to set the thing down on the stage because I can't bear to touch it with my bare skin any longer. Then I step forwards to the front of the stage. My time for speaking has come and gone and although I haven't prepared anything, the words come to me as if I have practised them many times before. My voice shakes and the words come out haltingly but the microphone on my chest picks up my voice and sends it spinning into the remotest corners of the square. 'I… I just wanted to say how…' I swallow down the emotion and wipe an impatient hand across my leaking eyes. Then I try again and my voice has dropped to a whisper. 'I'm sorry for your loss. And I'm sorry that my victory meant that neither of your tributes could come home.' The crowd mutters; it's rare for a victor to say anything about a tribute that they never even had contact with but its innovative that a victor apologises for winning the Games. 'I didn't know Troy and Ash but I wish that I had. I know that many of you knew them personally and grieve for them every day. It's the same for my family. I may have won the Games but I also lost a brother in that arena and I miss him every day. I don't feel like a winner.' My voice cracks but the crowd is silent now and they pressing forwards in anticipation of my words. 'They were all too young to die and I'm sorry… I'm sorry that you had to die this way.' I look up at the sky as I say these last words. Then I turn and march back through the double doors, leaving my shield on the stage by the mayor's feet. Hope you enjoy and Merry Christmas! As always, please let me know what you think.