only female tribute from Eight. A cannon sounds, showing someone else is dead. Four left. Eight turns to look at me, eyes narrowed. Then, when we hear the screams, we look towards the Cornucopia where we see the boy from Six and Horne running from the tree. We all watch in amazement as the birds don't come out of the trees, they just stay watching. I can hear the birds making their own screaming noises, annoyed they can't get us now. They must be mutations, work of the Capitol to make the Games more exciting. I feel a pair of arms around my neck, squeezing my throat. My hands go to the arms scratching at them to try and get them off of me. From the corner of my eye, I can see Six and Horne fighting; they had both lost their weapons. A hand-to-hand fight to the death. I have no chance. We all stop suddenly as the ground shakes and we fall to the ground; Eight still holding me. We hear a crack, something breaking. We look to our left, towards the damn. We watch as cracks start to run up the rocks, the wood aiding it crumbling. More water streams out. My eyes widen in horror. The dams going to burst, the arena's going to flood. I throw my elbow back, shocking Eight and making her drop her hands. I waste no time and run. I run away from the dam, towards the Cornucopia, towards Six and Horne. I think they've worked it out because they too start running. I watch as Horne climbs onto the Cornucopia, Six quickly following him to the highest part. I keep running, looking to the tallest tree as I go. I find it and quickly start climb, thank goodness for that training. I look over my shoulder when I get to the point where I can't go no higher. The dam's broken but only just so. The Game-makers wanted it to break slowly, to scare us. I see Eight running, the waters gaining on her. She turns to look over her shoulder, she falls and screams. Her scream barely carries and the water takes her. Her cannon fires as he body floats quickly away. I watch as Six and Horne fight, hitting each other and pushing. The water is around the Cornucopia, it'll soon cover it. Horne stumbles backwards, falling onto his back. Six moves to stand over him but Horne pulls his leg back and then kicks him in the stomach. Six falls backwards, tittering on the edge of the Cornucopia. I hear Horne's laugh as Six falls over and is pulled away by the water. I look down as he passes me, drowning in the flow of water. I look back to Horne. The cannon for Six booms over the arena. Its just us left. I could win, I could win the Hunger Games. I watch as he looks around him in panic as the water hits his ankles. He sees a branch not to far to the side of the Cornucopia. I watch as he doesn't even seem to think, just runs and jumps for it. He pulls himself up and crawls along to the tree trunk. I look back at the water. The Cornucopia is completely gone and I watch as the water slows, stills. I narrow my eyes as I look into the water, looking for anything that can help me. There's rope, that could help. I could tie myself to the tree, keep myself safe in care something happens. I take a deep breath, closing my eyes to steady myself. I take a deep breath before jumping into the water. I kick my feet, pushing myself to the surface of the water. I cough up some water, I went deeper than I thought I would. I can hear Horne laughing, he thinks I'm dying. I make eye contact with him before starting to swim for the rope. His laughing stops. I grab the rope and start swimming back for the trees. I hear grunt and then I'm pushed down into the water. Water fills my lungs and I start panicking. I try to twist so Horne is at the bottom and I throw my arm backwards. My elbow backwards and hit him while I kick my legs. I escape the water and cough the liquid up. I gratefully breath in the air, feeling gratitude for being from District Four, for having to go swimming everyday for seaweed to eat and everything. A hand grabs my ankle, pulling me down. I just about get some air into my lungs before I'm subdued in the water. I kick my other foot, trying to hit him. I break the water, grab a breath and then I'm pulled under again. The cycle goes on twice before my foot hits him. I break through the water and fight through exhaustion to swim away. I turn back and see little little air bubbles and white water, like foam that a wave would make; from where someone is throwing their arms about. Horne is drowning. He jumped on me, thinking he could hold me under the water and I'd drown first. Obviously not. The cannon sounds. Horne is dead. I'm the Victor of the seventh Hunger Games. A voice booms over the arena. "Ladies and gentlemen of Panem, let me introduce you to the Victor of the seventh Hunger Games: District Four's Annie Cresta!" I made Annie a killer because she a career, obviously. I made her sane for the whole of the Games because I don't think she had time to sit and think about all the event which made her insane. I always thought Annie's games would be really short, its just my view. Please review. If you want me to write a one shot for anyone else (not Katniss or Peeta) let me know who in a review and I will. I've already done one for Foxface :) Thanks