to move her legs toward the door and open it, the blond was still behind it, his fist raised as if to knock on the door. "Haymitch?" She looked curiously before she felt his arms involve her in an embrace, tight and comforting, his huge body covering her before her guided them toward her couch and sat her on his lap. God, how he had misses her scent. Her voice. And hearing her saying she was sorry broke his heart so much more than when he had heard about her being in District Twelve. Confused, she looked at him, who seemed mildly amused despite his red eyes. "I thought you were gone!" "I just wanted to start over princess." He said, now more serious, as he touched his forehead to hers, his beard brushing her cheek in the process, making her to close her eyes for a moment, feeling relieved and secure with him. "No, there is nothing to forgive. I should have written a letter or something, but I was never good with messages. Please, you've already cried so much today." He kissed her eyelids a little awkward, never having been much of comforting someone and Effie broke down and pressed her lips to his once, then twice, saying between laughs and cries: "Still, I've made you start drinking again after all these months!" "And you can make up helping to keep me away from the drinks when we get back to District Twelve." This made her stop giving him kisses, looking at him and frowning: "Get back? But what about work? " "Your job as District Twelve consultant will be more effective if done from there. Plutarch also approves. C'mon princess, I don't want to be away from you again." He admitted awkwardly, putting a lock of her hair behind her ear. Having her with him in his house was all that he needed. He was lost for her and also knew it would be good for her. "I know things have been difficult for you here. So I want you there, with Katniss, Peeta. With me. People who will look after you and care. I don't want to hear Plutarch talking anymore about how you've changed." "Why have you stopped drinking?" She asked staring at his gray eyes, feeling her heart melt with his statement and he sighed, still playing with a lock of her hair. The months without his bottles had almost made him mad, while crying for Effie. "Because of you. Once you told me I couldn't understand what was happening around me because I was always drunk and you were right. Amid the peeve, you were always looking after me Effie." He released the lock and clasped her hand with his, lifting them into the air so both could see. "The children miss you." "And what about you?" She murmured, raising an eyebrow. "I said I love you." "I'll accept to go to your house. And keep you from drinking." She replied softly, stroking his ear in a way that calmed him and then he held her face in his hands for her to stay still, saying with a smirk: "Stay still, princess don't move, now I'm gonna kiss you for real. Not just a kiss." He said, referring to their first kiss and the pecks she had given him a few minutes ago and she nodded.. His stronger lips were approaching hers, leaning gently, hesitating if she'd open them, but feeling she was ready, he captured them in a ravenous kiss that Effie quickly responded to. His tongue parted Effie's lips, while they felt the sweet taste of the kiss. Slowly they were slipping from the couch to the rug on the floor until Haymitch was over her, kissing while maintaining an interlaced hand and the other, exploring their bodies. Haymitch's strong and tanned fingers were opening her robe and helping her take it off and then stroking her back as she buried one hand in his hair in the kiss's rhythm. Both were relieved that everything was fine. His hand went up from her back to her nape, caressing her and supporting her as the kiss deepened and she opened his shirt with one hand, getting rid of it. His hands now free, caressed her more boldly, in awe of her beautiful body and lowered to between her thighs, making her gasp and avert from his lips and plant her own on his chest over his heart, feeling the sweat began to drip on his skin and closing her eyes as he continued with the caresses, watching her. What a perfect moment Her hands fell to the hem of his pants, getting inside and taking him in her hands, feeling him hard, making Haymitch moan while one of his fingers moved inside of her until they both reached the climax together, sweat and their moisture mixing to her strawberry scent, as they rested for a moment, he on the floor with her head over his chest, both listening to their beats and pulsation synchronized and Haymitch gave a small smile to see that he could think like that. All thanks to Effie. Realizing what he was thinking about, she slowly smiled at him. Haymitch kissed her again before staring at her blue eyes that were sparkling ready for more and then he helped her to get up, then being guided by her down the hall to the blonde's bedroom while he turned off the light in the hall. Before entering the room, he stopped, holding her hand and making her go back to him, and saying sincere: "Effie, I love you. Don't be a stranger ever again." She nodded, smiling tearfully while pulling him into her bedroom for a long kiss, saying: "I won't. I love you too." Hello from the outside At least I can say that I've tried To tell you I'm sorry For breaking your heart But it don't matter, it clearly Doesn't tear you apart anymore The end