her to answer, but all she does is stare at me with her lips slightly parted. "I just have to say this," I finally blurt out. "Because this might be my only chance. Tomorrow, you might decide that it was all a mistake, and never talk to me again." She furrows her brow. "Will you go out with me? I mean, uh, we could do something together. Meet somewhere." "Where?" she asks, her voice neutral. That's not a no. But shit! There's nowhere to go. Not in this dump of a district, not in winter. "I don't know," I answer lamely. Where do guys meet girls they are interested in? I have no idea. I can't take Katniss home. My mother would have a fit. That's the last thing I want. "We could take a walk, maybe?" "Maybe." Her voice is only a whisper. "Are you going to just ignore me tomorrow?" I ask desperately. "Maybe." But there is a twinkle in her eyes as she says it, and then she smiles. She smiles . My face breaks into a huge grin. I probably grin like a fool. But I can't help it. "I have to go inside. My mother is probably waiting up for me." "Okay." I'm still grinning. "Can I come by your house tomorrow afternoon? After I get off work at the bakery. Will you allow it?" She looks down. It's hard to tell in the moonlight, but I think she's blushing. "Yes. I'll allow it." I lean forward, quickly, before I lose my nerve, and kiss her cheek. Her cheek is cold and so soft. She exhales softly, and for a second, I can feel her breath against my own cheek. She smells faintly of flowers and soap. "Goodnight, Katniss." "Goodnight, Peeta." I walk home, but I don't feel the cold of the longest night of the year at all. xoxoxoxox Katniss I close the door behind me silently. Prim is asleep, and I don't want to wake her. I'm surprised to see my mother sitting in the rocking chair by the fireplace, though. Knitting in the light from the oil lamp. She looks up and smiles. "Katniss. You're home already?" Already? I look up at the clock on the wall. It's nearly 1 AM. I've never been out this late in my entire life. "Did you have a good time?" I consider her question. I think about all the drunk people. Gale's jealousy. The singing. Madge getting sick. People looking at me. "Yes." "Was that Gale who followed you home? It sounded like a man's voice." I look down. "No, it was Peeta." She furrows her brow. "Peeta?" "Peeta Mellark? The baker's youngest son?" For a second, she can't hide her surprise. Then she smiles. "Oh. That's unexpected ." "Yeah." It was unexpected for me, too. How did we get from relative silence to kissing in a dark corner? To Peeta following me home? Not to mention me agreeing that he can come here tomorrow afternoon. "I used to know his father. He's a good man." I shift uneasily. I don't really want to have this conversation. "I'm tired. I'm going to bed." "Goodnight, Katniss." "Goodnight, mother." My mother gets up from her chair. Pretending as if it were a mere coincidence that she was sitting up to 1 AM, and that she was planning to go to bed now anyway. Pretending that she wasn't waiting up for me. I guess a lot of parents do that, at least that's the impression I got back in school. But I never expected my mother to suddenly act like all other parents. Even though it was awkward, my mother hearing Peeta and all, I still sort of appreciate it. I think. I quickly take off my dress and stockings, and put on my nightdress. It's confusing, I can't quite make sense of it all. Maybe I did get drunker on that vile liquor than I'd thought? Perhaps that explains why I just kept talking to Peeta? Maybe it would even explain the kiss. But even if I did feel the effect of the white liquor at the party, my head cleared on the walk home. I don't feel drunk at all now. And still, I agreed to meet him again. When he smiled, just before he left, I think my heart actually beat faster. What does it all mean? In our bed, Prim is snoring slightly. I slip under the covers, shivering. Thankfully, the bed is nice and warm. My sister shifts closer to me, she must feel that I'm here even though she's asleep. I close my eyes. But I still see his face behind my eyelids. xoxoxoxox I'm a small town girl. Let's just say I can definitely relate to this kind of party. Thank you to Lbug84 for betaing and Chelzie for prereading! Oh, and even though I had intended for this to be a one-shot, after finishing it, I started wondering… What would happen the next day? So needless to say, there's going to be a part two. And a part three. If you subscribe, you'll be alerted when it's up. The song Katniss sings is a folk song from the southern Appalachians called "Black is the colour". It's from the book English Folk Songs from the Southern Appalachians by Maud Karpeles (ed.), which was first published in 1917. The songs were collected by Olive Dame Campbell and Cecil J. Sharp, and this particular song was sung by Mrs. Lizzie Roberts at Hot Springs, NC in 1915. I took some liberties with the lyrics. The text originally said "But black is the color of my true love's hair", but I changed it to "blond". Because, you know. Peeta. There are six verses, but I only used four of them. I got the lyrics from this site: www . traditionalmusic . co . uk / english-folk-songs / southern-appalachians%20- %200355 . htm and you can read the full version of the song there. Happy holidays!