diamonds because they want to decorate everything with diamond dust. I would murder the merchants in their diamond beds." He smirks. "It's a good thing you don't live in District 1," he tells her. "It's a good thing for them, yeah," she mutters, flipping to another chapter. He shifts, making the mattress squeak under him as he pushes aside his math textbook. It's strange to think that this is where someone will live, will raise children, will feel safest, when at this moment it's nothing more than three empty rooms with bare furniture covered in sheets, easy for two teenagers to break into to have somewhere to study without nosy adults looking on. It's strange to think that when Katniss and Peeta are married, they could be assigned to live right here. No, it isn't strange. It's sad. Katniss wants to go somewhere different, see the world. As absurd as it sounds, she wants to see crystal fountains and diamond dust. She wants to find out how cold the water in flooded quarry mines really is, she wants to see the sea stretch out endlessly, and she wants to feel the sun shine on her skin through the glass in an atrium. She wants to taste snow and feel sticky sap from towering trees between her fingers. She wants to see an actual cow, watch the sun rise, and start to sweat through her clothes from the summer heat. "Okay, you don't want to live in District 1," Peeta says. "How about District 2?" She thinks about it. "No. It says that, on average, sixty-eight people die in quarry accidents every year. I'll pass, thanks. And I don't think I could live in District 3. Or District 8. Or District 5. Too industrial." She tilts her head, smiling at him, and he stretches out to lie beside her on the mattress. "How about District 4?" Peeta asks. "I've always wanted to try an oyster." "Ooh, we could learn to swim," she says, "and we could try lobster. I really want to eat lobster." Peeta puts his hands behind his head. "I think I would try any fish. Anything new." He looks at her. "Is that it? Have we decided to move to District 4?" He smiles sweetly at her, his eyes bright. "Mmm, no," she says. "Our pale, pasty skin wouldn't last two weeks. We'd burn. Badly." He nods. "Sounds about right. We could try District 7. It's cloudy. And it isn't too industrial." "I think I would freeze to death," she says, making a face. He snorts. "Too hot, too cold — you're impossible to please, aren't you? I think District 7 sounds great. I'm moving to District 7, and you can sit in this compartment. How's that?" He grins at her. She pinches his side, sitting up to straddle his stomach, her hands on his chest. "Don't try to pretend you could survive ten minutes without me," she says. "Come on. Admit it. No matter what, wherever I am, you'll have to be, too, or the world wouldn't keep turning, right?" They've been friends since they were little, when the pox started to spread. They were confined to compartments with others who weren't yet affected and left to their own devices. It was the first time in her life that Katniss wasn't expected to do exactly what she was told exactly when she was told to do it, and she was never able to return fully to following the schedule tattooed on her arm. And Peeta, as much as he would probably like to follow his schedule, can't help but disregard his tattoo, going wherever Katniss is, because that's the way they've always done it. Katniss and Peeta, together, never mind anything or anyone else. It's how Katniss and Peeta are supposed to be. He runs his hands up her thighs, resting them on her hips. "Fine. How about District 11?" She considers it. "I think I would love peaches," she says. "And it wouldn't be cold." "Sounds perfect," he declares. She shakes her head. "I want snow, too — the thick, fluffy kind and the wet, sticky kind. Both." "Good point," he says. "I can't paint snow without seeing the stuff. What about District 10?" "I want to see some cows, not smell them. The place stinks, Peeta." She wrinkles her nose, and he protests, saying the textbook doesn't really say anything about how the district smells. "Its industry is livestock. Obviously, it reeks. We're not moving to District 10. It's time to let the dream die." He chuckles. "Fine. What's left?" "A few," she says, "but I've picked out what I want." She runs her hands up to his shoulders, leaning over him, her hair forming a curtain around their faces, and she smiles against his mouth. "I'm surprised you picked one," he says. "Well, let's hear it. What's the perfect place for us to live?" She kisses him. "Someday, when the districts revolt and President Coin takes down the Capitol, we're going to leave District 13 as fast as we possibly can, and we're going to move to District 12." His chest rumbles with laughter. "I should've known you secretly wanted to be a coal miner." She bites his lip, annoyed. "Are you coming with me, or aren't you?" she asks. He slides his hands over her arms, reaching up to hold her face, his fingers sipping into her unruly hair, and he kisses her sweetly, gently, the way he likes to do to remind her that he loves her, as though she might forget. She smiles, brushing her nose affectionately against his as the kiss ends. "I can't wait to live in District 12 with you, Katniss Everdeen." fin. They say it's what you make, I say it's up to fate. It's woven in my soul, I need to let you go. Your eyes, they shine so bright, I want to save their light. I can't escape this now, Unless you show me how