her tiny body snuggled to his chest. Sleeping peacefully. Looking gorgeous like her mother and her father, with dark fuzzy hair. When she opens her eyes moments later, they're the brightest blue. Half her, half him. "Not so bad, sweetheart," he finally says. Peeta chuckles and Katniss snorts. All is well. The little boy tries to climb onto the crib, completely oblivious to the tension between his father and their host. Annie's son, a handsome eighteen year-old version of Finnick with his mother's kind of always lost look, takes him in his arms so he can see the baby. The boy lets out a disappointed Oh . It's a long trip from Two to Twelve, and just for that ? They try to be polite, but the tension is palpable. It probably will never completely go away. Surprisingly, or not so surprisingly because he was always the best of them, Peeta is the one trying the hardest. He offers scones and cinnamon rolls and tea, keeps the conversation going, trying to make everybody feel comfortable. He gently strokes Annie's arm when she goes only her son knows where; he laughs good-naturedly at one of Johanna's not-so-funny jokes. He asks Gale how's life in Two. Annie's son takes the kids out to play in the Meadow. Gale has four of them; the eldest is twelve, the youngest two. They're excited by the trip, even if the eldest is old enough to know who the Mellarks are. How they are tied to his father. What he can't understand though is that the animosity between them has nothing to do with old teenage flames. A twelve year-old boy can't understand that something was broken between Katniss and Gale when Prim was killed. A kid can't understand that two people who cared for each other so much couldn't find a way back to each other. So he's quiet, more than his siblings, a little bit shy around these people he doesn't know when his sisters and brother seem to like Peeta already. Haymitch almost wants to join them because without the kids in the room, who knows what will happen between the girl and Handsome? But then he'd miss all the fun. If Johanna's weird grin is any indication, she's expecting it with some sort of twisted pleasure. He's always liked Johanna. Maybe for the same reason he loves Katniss; they're not sweet or kind of lovely, but they're real. Flawed. Bent, but not broken. Their house has never seen that many people at the same time. Katniss' mother, who came from Four to help her during the last couple of months of her pregnancy. Annie and her son, who come every year. Johanna, who comes and goes whenever she wants. Gale and his family, whom Peeta invited, telling Katniss that maybe it was time to try and forgive him before it was too late. It was a risky, bold move, Haymitch had thought, because when the girl had decided something, it was nearly impossible to make her change her mind. But then again she'd sworn to never have children, and look at them now. Risky, bold move, but incredibly amazing coming from the boy, who'd thought only about her and how much he knew Gale meant to her, before it happened. How he knew his wife could be stubborn, and regret it later. "She's gorgeous," Gale says, his eyes locking with Katniss'. Similar grey Seam eyes that used to say so much between them. "She looks a lot like you." "She has Peeta's eyes," she replies harshly, without even knowing why. She softens, "Thank you." "My mom was happy to hear about her. I'm sure she'd like to call you sometime," he says. "I'd like that." She asks him about Hazelle and Vick and Rory and Posy. He asks about Peeta's bakery. Eventually everyone joins the conversation. Johanna makes inappropriate, smartass comments and even Annie laughs. The kids come back and Gale's wife suggests they take a photo for Hazelle. Haymitch tries to squirm his way out, offering to take it, but she says it's nonsense and he finds himself on the couch, between Katniss and her mother, one little Hawthorne girl on his lap. He glares at her for a second, and then grumbles. She giggles. He gives a sideway glance to the little Mellark girl cradled against Peeta's chest, and he thinks, you're my favorite . She's twelve today. And nothing happened. She knows about Reaping Days. They told her about them, about everything with that book of theirs. But she's a happy, giggly, loud little girl – not so little anymore – and today is her twelfth birthday and she's super excited. Not terrified. She's curled up to gorgeous Odair, who's thirty now and on whom she had the biggest crush when she was a kid – that is to say until the year before, when he got engaged. She's sleepy after a long day of festivities, her stomach full of cake, the living-room filled with presents and guests. The boy is playing with the bow their mother made for her; he's eight, with blonde curls like his father and those Seam eyes that Haymitch, Katniss and Gale share. He'll be twelve one day, too, and nothing bad will happen. Haymitch looks up from the boy and the girl to their parents. His boy and his girl . They're old now – God, he's a dinosaur compared to them – but the small wrinkles around their eyes came from care and concern for the little ones, not from years of sending kids to a bloodbath like him. They're both a bit tense, Katniss even more, Peeta hugging her close to him, but who could blame her? Her daughter is twelve today, the same age Prim was when she was reaped. The same age Rue was when she was killed. But there are no more Reapings now. And the girl's birthday is a celebration of life, so they live. the end