down the aisle, holding a bouquet of baby blue sea flowers, with Johanna and Katniss walking behind me as my bridesmaids, Finnick has Beete and Gale next to him, we go through a basic ceremony and soon we are married. We touch our lips with sea water as it is tradition back home and then we have a party. Music plays and everybody dances energetically, it's like happiness has suddenly been restored into our lives, I'm not allowed to dance too much because too much excitement and physical activity could make my baby come 4 months early. It's beginning to show that I'm pregnant. But I don't care I look so beautiful today I can't help but feel beautiful. The doctor is going to scan my stomach tomorrow so I can see the baby, we can't wait. Suddenly Prim and Katniss take the stage and begin to dance together, they are amazing, like professionals. I can't believe it. This is truly the happiest day ever. I grab Finnick's hand and look at his left ring finger "you know it's funny, I don't remember that being there yesterday is it new?" I joke and Finnick laughs "Yer, what about you, you have two rings now, beginning to get a bit greedy?" he troughs back. Coin comes over to congratulate us and offer us some champagne (it's the only time you are actually aloud alcohol in 13) I am about to take it when Finnick says "no thanks Coin" why, does he think he owns me now that we are married? I punch him in the arm and he gives out a little shriek of pain, the same he did in the games, when he got hurt, burnt by the acid gas, I crouch down in my dress trying to get that thought from my head, the memory of his burnt skin, Mags' death, she was a great friend in Victors Village, I cried so much when she died, nobody dared come near me, they thought I would be murderous. "The baby, you're not supposed to drink alcohol because it could harm the baby." Finnick crouches beside me, wraps his arm around me and kisses my cheek, "ok?" he asks, I look at him and he tucks a loose curl behind my ear, I reply "ok." We get up and I take a handful of bread from the table of food, just when I see Peeta come through the door wearing a white T-shirt, Black trousers and an apron stained with several different colours and he calls for every body's attention and then wheels in a gigantic cake about the size of Prim, it is a sea blue with decorative wave patterns iced into it. There are sea flowers, fish and nets decorating it, Peeta calls me and Finnick over to cut the cake, we both grab onto the knife, together slowly cut a slice of the cake and then before we can thank Peeta for such an amazing job he did, he is whisked away by guards back to his hospital cell, where he can go even more insane. I feel awful and by looking at his facial expression so does Finnick. Why can't he stay and have a good time? We sit down to eat and then it comes to giving the speeches. First up is Finnick "So, this is my wedding speech, you only get one so, I will try not to screw up" everybody laughs, The words "Finnick" and "screwed up" are rare to hear. "The first time I met Annie was while fishing, seeing as we are from district 4, that's kind of mainstream, it was when she went into the games. I had to mentor her. She was beautiful, a 2 years younger than me but still beautiful. I tried to do whatever I could to keep her alive witch meant begging for sponsors, making her a career and making sure the game makers would do something to her strengths, swimming. She soon crept up on me. I didn't love her immediately, just more everyday" he wipes away a tear and comes to sit down next to me. I hold his hand unable to speak. I never knew that I "crept up on him" I didn't know that at all. I thought he was just a bit flirtatious with everybody, but he truly loved me. He tried to keep me alive. I walk to the stage and stand before the microphone "Finnick, it's going to be hard to beat that so I'm going to say when I first fell in love with you" I say, I haven't planned this speech so I'm just going from the stuff in my head. "It was raining and I was in victor's village, having one of those days where, I should have been locked away. I was insane. I had the memory of the games playing on a loop in my mind" I try to block out the memory of the beheading and just talk "I was lying on the path in a state, crying, soaking wet, an inch from hyperthermia. You looked out the window and saw me rolling around on the sidewalk in a state of insanity and you ran out into the rain, picked me up and dragged me into my home." The memory appears on the wall and I watch it, I don't think anyone else can see it because they are looking at me weird so I continue "you told me everything was going to be alright, gave me a kiss on the cheek and brought me some hot coco, helped me into some dry clothes and then we talked, we talked for about 36 hours straight, you were trying to distract me, it worked, it was from then on I knew that I loved you" I begin to cry and run back to Finnick and sit on his knee. "I love you" he whispers in my ear "I love you more" I tell him.