yours." "Fine." I tell him. "You start on Monday. I'll have Annie train you. My name is Haymitch Abernathy, and if we're lucky, we won't see each other that often." He says with a smirk. I'm not sure if it was a joke or not, but I can't help but agree with him. I would be perfectly happy if I had the pleasure of ignoring him the whole time I'm here. I stand up, the chair creaking below me, and give him a nod. He eyes me again. "Not much of a talker are you?" He asks. "Not if I can help it." I reply, my eyes locked on his. He gives a cold laugh, running a hand through his dark, messy hair, but doesn't say anything more. I take that as an opportunity to leave, so I turn my back on him and exit his office, closing the door behind me. I walk around the corner, and the front desk comes into view. The same girl is still there, looking flustered as she searches around her desk. My eyes shift to the boy standing in front of the counter, the same one who was in the boxing ring. He signs something on a clip board as he chuckles at the girl. She gives him a sheepish smile and takes the paper he hands her. I try to sneak around them, hoping they won't notice me. It doesn't work. The girl's voice pulls me to a stop and I turn around to face her, my hand clenching at my side in irritation. "How did it go?" She asks, the boy turning around to see who she's talking to, and I notice how bright his eyes are; an incredible shade of blue. "Good. I'm hired." I say, my eyes flickering between her and the door. "That's great. So I guess we'll be seeing each other soon. I'm Annie, by the way." She says with a smile. So she's the one who's going to train me. "And this is Peeta." She says, motioning to the boy. He gives me a small smile and I nod at him. "He doesn't work here, but he comes by almost every day. He almost lives here." She says. "Oh." I answer, unsure of what to say. I really just need to get home. I still have to make sure Prim finished her homework and then make dinner. "Well, I have to go." I say as I start walking towards the door. "Okay, see ya later!" Annie calls. I give a wave over my shoulder and yank the door open. Warm, muggy air hits my face and I groan. It's started to sprinkle, the rain drops making small, dark spots on the cement once they hit. I readjust the strap of my bag and, after looking both ways, I dart across the street. Once I make it to the alley, I finally let my smile show where no one can see it, hidden by the walls of the towering buildings. Relief floods over me and I let out a deep breath. We are in no way free from financial problems, far from it, but now I don't have to worry about Prim or myself starving. And for right now, that's the best I could hope for, even if I do have to clean the toilets with my bare hands. I walk through the alley, the clouds sitting lower in the sky, the air heavy. I have to remind myself not to get too settled because you never know when the opportunities presented to you can be ripped away without a second thought or warning. Just like my old job, just like my father, and in result, my mother. I can't afford to feel relief when things are still so hard and could get worse. I try to pick up my pace. I'm sweating from the heat and the rain isn't helping. My lips form a grimace as I wipe away the sweat from my brow. I can feel my clothes beginning to stick to my skin, making me even more uncomfortable. Once I make it to the subway station, I wait. I still have around twenty minutes until it stops here next. I find a bench and sit down, hoping the rain doesn't pick up. I hate this place. I miss North Carolina. I miss the miles and miles of fresh forest and hunting ground. I miss the life I had there, when my father was still alive and my mother was happy and actually spoke to us; when Prim had a normal life with her parents and plenty of food in her belly; when she didn't have to grow up so fast. When her eyes still twinkled with innocence instead of clouded with the horrors she's been through like they do now. We've only lived here for a little over a year. My father got a job transfer, but during his first week of work, there was an accident and we never saw him again. We never got to hear his laugh or see his smile again. There are still days when something will remind me of him and it's so unexpected, I nearly crumple to the floor in pain. My chest aching as tears stream down my face. I miss him. I miss him so much. You just can't depend on anything, because it's always taken away no matter how hard you try to hold onto it. I look up from my lap when I hear the train approaching, the wheels screeching on the rails as they turn. I hadn't realized it was raining completely, my braid dripping wet, until now. I sigh in frustration, gathering my bag on my shoulder and jog to the entrance of the subway car. The doors shriek again as they open, hurting my ears. I step inside, and the smell of mildew hits my nose once again. I hope you liked it, and let me know what you think!