would have said something to me if the girls were fighting," Peeta said. Madge nodded. Peeta turned his attention to a customers and Madge walked over to Cato. "Hi Cato," she said. "Hey Madge. What's up?" he asked. "What's up with the girls fighting?" she questioned. "I only know what Clove told me," he admitted. "What?" Seneca asked. "He said that he didn't know about any fighting!" "What's Clove told you?" Madge asked. "She says that Glimmer, Raquel, and Cecelia are doing nothing and she's pissed off," Cato explained. "Are Cato and Clove really close friends?" Plutarch asked Seneca. "Yes. They're both from district two and they've know each other since they were little," Seneca said. "So why has Cato been lying to you?" "I'm assuming he just doesn't want to be involved so I think his only option was to lie." "So you knew about it?" Madge asked. "Yes but I don't really want to get involved so whenever Seneca asks about it, I play dumb," Cato explained. Glimmer, Raquel, and Cecelia were still hanging out by the counter. Katniss saw them and shook her head. "You three, I need to talk to," Katniss hissed to the girls. The three got up and walked to the back lounge. Clove approached Katniss. "Are you talking to them again?" she asked. Katniss nodded. She walked back to the lounge. "What the hell is wrong with you three?" Katniss yelled. "What was that?" Seneca asked. "Katniss shouldn't be yelling and she should have Peeta with her. They should be putting strict rules on those three and if they can't follow them, then they both come talk to me and I deal with them. Katniss yelling won't accomplish anything but getting them to do less work." "Whatever," Cecelia growled. The three girls walked away from Katniss. While walking by Foxface, Raquel hit the tray out of her hands knocked the food and drinks onto herself. "What the fuck?" Foxface yelled. Katniss came out of the lounge and approached the girls. "What happened?" she asked Foxface. "Raquel just knocked the tray out of my hands," Foxface said. Clove ran up to the girls. "What the hell?" she asked. It wasn't long until a full-fledged yelling fight broke out between the girls. "Plutarch, I've seen enough," Seneca said. "You know what, go break that up and bring all six girls back here," Plutarch instructed. Seneca got up and walked from the room. Seneca: I'm surprised how serious this is. I've learned that no one is innocent but I need to deal with this. Seneca marched into the restaurant and up to the six girls. "You six follow me," he barked. "Oh my God. Seneca-" Glimmer was cut off by her boss. "Shut your mouth and follow me." The six girls followed Seneca up to the room where the setup was. "What is this?" Katniss asked. "Girls, my name is Plutarch Heavensbee and I run a company called Mystery called my company because he's had issues with you six fighting and it was hurting the business. We set up hidden cameras and send in undercover Mystery Diners to see what is happening when Seneca wasn't there. What we saw was pretty shocking," Plutarch explained. "So you've been spying on us?" Clove asked. "Yes but rightfully so," Seneca said. "What I saw was a disgrace. I see that Katniss, Clove, and Foxface were not feeding me lies. You three were are slacking off!" Seneca yelled. "We're not!" Raquel argued. "Really? We've been watching you guys all day. Everything you did, or in your case, didn't, do is recorded," Plutarch explained. "See this girl? Madge? She works for me. She saw exactly what someone on the staff sees." The girls looked at the board. "And these boys," Plutarch added. "They also work for me. Katniss, you did a good job and help Gale almost instantly but Glimmer, Raquel, and Cecelia, you guys only helped Finnick because he's a pretty boy. Thresh sat there for thirty minutes, no service." Glimmer opened her mouth but no words came out. "Clove, Foxface, you handled the situation poorly but I can't let you go. You are some of the best servers on the shift. If you guys can promise no more drama, you can keep your jobs and you can get out of here," Seneca offered. Clove and Foxface nodded. Seneca nodded and the two walked from the room. Clove and Foxface: I'm shocked that this happened but I'm so glad to keep my job. A really hope Glimmer, Raquel, and Cecelia get what's coming to them. "Glimmer, Raquel, and Cecelia, you three are done. You've done nothing and I can't keep you three if you'll be doing nothing and not helping anyone. You're fired," Seneca said. The three girls walked out. Glimmer: This is ridiculous. Raquel: We've done nothing wrong. Cecelia: We don't deserve this. "And Katniss, that leaves you. You handled this situation so poorly. You should have talked to Peeta about this and talked to the girls in private and if they still didn't listen, you two should have came and talked to me together," Seneca said. "I know. I'm so sorry," Katniss whispered. "You're so damn lucky you are an amazing waitress. You still have a job and you can stay as my head waitress," Seneca told her. "Thank you," Katniss whispered before walking from the room. Katniss: I'm so glad everything worked out and I really hope I never have to see those three again. "Well Plutarch, thank you so much for everything," Seneca said. "No problem. I really hope everything works out," Plutarch stated. *Four Months Later* Since being fired, Glimmer, Raquel, and Cecelia, have all found jobs elsewhere. Katniss has gotten Peeta more involved with issues in the business and Seneca is happy to report that peace and harmony has been restored at The Hunger Games. So that just happened. My love of cooking shows, Mystery Diners specifically, in a one-shot. Please review and favorite.