sponsors because I have a terrible personality and if it wasn't for Peeta, nobody would like me, so I have to go along with it. Then in the arena everything is so messed up and again the only chance to live is to keep playing the lovers card! And I hate it but I promised Prim I'd do everything I could to win, so I played along! And then we won, I get to come home to Prim and you! But I have to keep pretending because if they find out everything was an act the consequences..." I stopped hearing her; she said she didn't love the bread boy. It was all and act to come back to me, she said me. So I do something I had fantasied with for so long now, I shut her up with a kiss. Her lips feel soft and warm and wonderful, she seems startle but she doesn't break the kiss. I pull way to see her reaction and say "I had to do that at least once". I look into her eyes but I can't read them. Confusion? Happiness? A little bitterness? I grab a lock of her hair in put it at the back of her ear and leave my hand resting on her cheek. And I kiss her again, this time she places her hands on my arms. She is kissing me back. I place my left hand on her lower back pulling her closer. I feel I'm in heaven, it's even better than I imagined. I can feel her body against mine and I love how it feels. This time she breaks the kiss but she's still hugging me "I missed you a lot, I thought of you all the time, wishing you were there, guarding my back, hunting with me. I feel safe when I'm with you, but there I was scared all the time" I kiss her forehead and say "you're safe now, and I not letting you go again." She blushes, pulls back and reminds me of the time. "I think we should go, The Hob closes early today" Katniss POV We head back to The Hob, but before we cross the fence he turns and looks at me and gives me one last kiss. I'm surprised at this, but I like the feeling of his lips. I didn't expect to like it. I have kissed Peeta a lot, but this feels different. Those kisses are for the cameras not for us, my heart is not in them, and must of the time I feel embarrassed to give them and not really enjoy them. Except for one kiss in the cave, a kiss that made me forget where I was or what I was doing, or the fact that we were injured and that the chances that we lived to see another day were very slim. That kiss that made me feel a different kind of hunger and I hungered for Peeta and more of those kisses. This kiss with Gale, however, is different. It's not pretending, it's nice, soft and warm like home, but not hungry either, just nice and familiar. I let him kiss me, after all I assume it was difficult to him watch me make out with Peeta all this time. Not because he loves me or anything, but because we are so close to each other, I am his and he is mine. It's like watching someone play with your toys or in this case my friend. I never thought of Gale as my boyfriend after all I don't want to get married or have kids, but I do feel like I have some right over him, like I call dibs on him. That sounds ridiculous, but that's how I feel. And I guess that if I stop him from kissing me, I might push him away and I can't have that I need my best friend Gale with me. So if the price to keep him with me is to kiss him, then I'm happy to pay. Finally he lets me go, we check for the familiar buzz that indicates the fence is electrified and when we hear nothing we cross the fence and head for the Hob. He tries to hold my hand, but I pretend to need both hands to carry the game and some flowers from the meadow. Somehow it feels weird for him to hold my hand, especially after the kissing. Also I start thinking of Peeta, and I feel a not in my stomach, like I'm cheating on him. But I'm not, well maybe to the public eye, but we are not really together it is just an act, isn't it? Although after I admitted to be acting, he was really sad, so maybe he does feel something, but do I? Oh I'm so messed up… Better not to think about this anymore and just concentrate on trading the game at the Hob. I let him keep all the winnings from the hunting, and I even buy with my own money some stuff. Since I'm rich I always try to help a little to the people of the Hob and the Seam, most of them are too proud to take the money as a gift, so I make sure to buy from everyone at least something to help with the business. I leave Gale to finish trading, and I return home because I have to get ready for the Victor's tour. We will be leaving in three days, but my prep team is going to arrive tomorrow to get me ready. I want to spend some time with Prim before my life becomes a public affair again. But when I get home, something is wrong, there's a car outside and people in suits at the door. I get in and I find the worst person I can find ever in my home or anywhere as a matter of fact. President Snow. Something is very wrong.