never understand why Clara is so positive on reaping day. I can't imagine her surviving even the first hour of the games. Clara is not very athletic or fast and couldn't hurt a fly. Much less kill a starving kid her age or younger. Thank goodness she has never taken out tesserae. "It's okay." She says kindly as if reading my mind. "We'll both be okay." She repeats as if still trying to convince herself. Even Clara can't be entirely sure either of us won't get picked today. We both just stand in silence next to eachother. For some reason I find this comforting. Some of the more wealthy girls like me, who have few slips in the bowl seem less anxious and chat quietly. The bony girls who come from the poorer families of District 5 who took out tesserae and added their names to the bowl to keep their families alive, stand quietly probably just waiting for this to be over. Some of them have more than twenty slips in the bowl. This makes me feel a little better, because District 5 is about half and half when it comes to wealthy and poor, so I know my name being reaped is very unlikely. But then the image of my aunt comes to mind and I feel panic suffocating me once more. Natasha Flanfer our escort this year takes the stage and all is silenced. She stands next to our mentors who look about as happy as we are to be here. Natasha has a sparkling lavender bob, that is longer in the front and on an angle gets shorter in the back. Her eyelashes are green and yellow and about four times as long as any normal person's. "Hello everybody!" She says in her capitol accent while adjusting her cupcake looking pink and blue dress. "Welcome to The 86th annual Hunger Games!" She says grinning. This is Natasha's second year in District 5 and she seems to like being an escort here. She used to escort for District 8 which is a lot worse than us. We're no District 1, but District 5 still is the fourth richest district after District 4. I tap my feet nervously on the solid ground while the mayor makes his speech and we watch the same video from the capitol we do every year. Rap a tap tap, rap a tap tap. I almost zone everything out until she says announces ladies first and walks over to the bowl. My attention immediately snaps forward as she dips her hand into the bowl. The next sequence of events seem like a dream when she pulls out the slip and says "Maeve Camboil." It takes a second for me to register that she just called my name. All the other girls stare at me. The girls who never bothered to know me but just see me as some sort of loner. Well now they see me as the girl who was meant to die instead of them. I groan. Then I look at Clara who looks just as stunned as I am. She hugs me and whispers in my ear. "I'm sorry." I walk forward not showing any expression on my face and trying to hide my shaking hands. Then suddenly a voice from the crowd snaps me into reality. "Maeve no, Maeve!" My sister's voice rings out and I stop walking for a second. Tears start to form behind my eyes, and I listen to her cries a second more before continuing to walk to the stage. I step up onto the stage carefully, and I see Natasha giving me a once over while grinning before she announces my name again. "Your female tribute Maeve Camboil from District 5!" I notice up close glitter covers her skin. While she walks over to the male tribute bowl I feel the panic begin to settle in and long to tap my toes. But since every eye of Panem might as well be on me I decide against it. Everybody would just think I'm so anxious, plain District 5 girl who doesn't stand a chance. Even though that's true, I try to look strong and put together. "Evan Ellkan." I look around trying to see who the male tribute is. Suddenly a boy with light brown hair and brown eyes steps out of the seventeen year olds section. Well at least he's not twelve or thirteen. I think to myself. Evan is tall and willowy. As he starts to walk to the stage I see a little boy who can't be older than six cry out for him. Evan just sighs and keeps on walking towards the stage. He's fairly attractive if he weren't so plain and tired looking as well. By the looks of his scrawny frame, dirty hair, and sunken eyes he is from the poor side of District 5. Meaning he probably has taken out lots of tesserae. When I look at him he just looks defeated. Probably expected something like this would happen, being older and having taken out tesserae. "Your male and female tributes from District 5, Maeve Camboil and Evan Ellkan!" Evan and I shake hands. I give him a weak smile since he seems pretty harmless, but he just stares into my eyes with his sunken, deep brown eyes. His face is emotionless and he seems to stare right through me. A shiver runs up my spine. I look at the crowd of silent people that are before me. The people who once politely waved and smiled at me. The people who had daily conversations with me about who married who, or who opened a new shop in the district. These people now look at me like I'm already dead. Like they never knew me. Like by going near me they'll catch my pain and sorrow. I feel numb and tingly as the whole turn of events register. The 86th Hunger Games have begun. And I'm a tribute.