— I would never — she is only a child — I am a gentleman — the sanctity of marriage — and my Christian heart belongs to — she is not — I would never —" Katniss lifts her hand, biting her lip, eyes amused. "I understand, Mr. Mellark. I understand." His face flushed, he nods. "If it would not be too bold, may I just — your own sweet sister, dear Miss Prim. Think how you adore her. That is my adoration for Rue. I need her to be looked after." Katniss seems to consider him for a long moment, before suddenly she looks past him to Rue. He looks over his shoulder and nods at Rue, who slowly approaches, nervously smoothing her skirts. "Ma'am," she murmurs, curtsying and carefully looking at the porch rather than at Katniss. Katniss pushes open the screen door, coming out onto the porch. "All I can offer is a cot in the kitchen," she tells Rue, "and we'd need to put it away during the day, but if you don't mind helping clean and cook game or tending to the garden, or helping my mother and my sister with their midwifery, you're more than welcome to earn you wage here, Miss Rue." Rue nods. "That would be quite agreeable, thank you, ma'am." "Also, I shall need you to look at me," Katniss says. Rue looks, and Katniss smiles softly, making Peeta clench his hat tightly in his hands. Her smile is so sweet, so rare. Rue smiles back hesitantly. "I'll return tomorrow with my things, shall I?" she asks. "After I see off Mr. Mellark? I don't have much. I shall not be any imposition, ma'am." "I know you shan't," Katniss says. "Tomorrow it is." Rue nods, looking happily at Peeta, and Katniss looks at him as well. "Are you to fight for the Confederacy?" she asks, her expression guarded once more, and he wonders if Katniss is now among those secretly loyal to the Union. He sincerely hopes she is, but he cannot explain that, cannot explain his situation, although he does not wish to lie, either. "I am to fight, yes, ma'am," he replies, "what my God and my country ask of me, I cannot deny." There. It is not wholly a lie. "I shall send wages for Rue by letter," he adds. Katniss nods. "Very well." He stares for a moment, realising that this is the last moment he might ever see her. He cannot imagine what the war will bring, but the chances that he will ever return home are small. A thousand pretty words come to his tongue, but he only puts his hat on, and he smiles at her. As he turns to leave with Rue, however, Katniss stops them. "Just a moment," she says. She disappears into the house. He looks at Rue, who asks what Peeta said to Katniss to convince her to allow Rue to stay with her, to work for her. "I only told her how hard you worked," he replies, and Rue shakes her head at him. He smiles, admittedly guilty, and she laughs, eyes bright. As hard as it seems to say goodbye to Katniss — He already cannot begin to imagine a final goodbye to Rue. It will come tomorrow, however, will come far too soon. But if she is safe with anyone, it is with Katniss; still, perhaps he will ask her to look after the ring from his grandmother, just in case it might help her to sell it at some point. "I like her," Rue says suddenly. "And I can see why you do, too." Her smile turns mischievous. "I can't wait to help raise your children." She winks at him, and Katniss returns only moments later. Katniss holds a small leather pouch out to him. "It isn't much," she says, "just smelling salts, a little moss to stem bleeding, blue mass, some mint leaves for hunger, and a few remedies for infection." She doesn't look straight at him, but he lets his hand catch hers as he accepts the small gift. He curls his palm around her fingers, and he waits until she finally lifts her eyes to meets his. "Thank you, Miss Everdeen," he murmurs. She nods. He releases her hand. He tips his hat. He doesn't intend to look back as he leaves, Rue at his side, but he can't help himself. Katniss stands in the doorway, her hand on the screen door, ready to disappear, but she doesn't yet; she watches them walk away instead. If only he had even been able to muster the courage, just once, to tell her how much she meant to him with all her beauty and all her strength. He can only hope he finds the courage to fight this war before the train whisks him into it. tbc a/n: First, I am from the South — from Virginia, in fact, proudly so — and I don't mean to insult anyone with this story, but it isn't kind to the Confederacy. I don't want to offend anyone, and the "evil" characters, while Confederates, will also be characters created by Suzanne Collins. Second, I imagine Peeta and Katniss live in what becomes West Virginia, which was the stage for vicious guerilla warfare and not much else, thus for the story I move them to actual Virginia, where major battles took place, including that which will eventually feature in the story. More on that in the next chapter, however, which will be up within a week, fingers crossed. And if you have any questions about any of the historical stuff, or any terms, or anything like that, just ask! Third, this story will actually alternate POVs, and that means a few chapters will be heavily centered on Katniss or on Peeta at certain points. I apologise for the sad lack of Katniss in this chapter, but she is the undisputed star of the next chapter, so stay tuned. :)