backyard. There were giant ice cream cones hanging on a frame and they were rotating. "Before we start this competition, I should tell you that their is something else on the line with this competition. Everyone received an invite to the house. No one received a key. That's because one of you will be leaving right after this competition. The winner will not only make two nominations tonight, but they will evict someone within minutes of winning," Effie announced. Everyone looked around. Some looked panicked, others looked confident. Everyone climbed up onto their ice cream cone and held on as they rose. They started to rotate. "Who's ready for the challenge to really begin?" Effie asked. Melted ice cream started to spray everywhere. Glimmer and Cashmere: That was horrible. I know. Ice cream got everywhere. I only dropped because my hair couldn't deal with the ice cream. Exactly. Ice cream is a terrible conditioner. A bunch of girls started to drop. It was down to all the boys, Clove, and Maysilee. "Great job Clove!" Foxface yelled from the sidelines. "Congrats Maysilee! We're the only two girls left!" Clove yelled. Cato: I'm impressed by Clove. She so small but she's really strong for her size. Slowly, boys started to drop until it was down to Cato, Marvel, Thresh, Clove, and Maysilee. "I'm done!" Maysilee called. Maysilee: My arms were hurting and I knew from just looking at the boys that they weren't going to fall any time soon. Maysilee dropped and Thresh followed. Clove started sliding so she let go. "Marvel! You're safe if you drop! I won't nominate you and you won't go home!" Cato yelled. "Alright," Marvel sighed as he let go. Marvel: I only let Cato have it because I shouldn't get blood of my hands this early. It would be stupid of me. "Congratulations Cato! You are the very first Head Of Household!" Effie announced. "Everyone get cleaned up quickly and meet in the living room for Cato's decision!" "And we're back. Let's check in on our house guests," Effie announced. She turned to the camera that shows inside of the house. "House guests! Please come to the living room!" Everyone came to the living room. Cato stood in front of everyone. "I am first going to start with my nominations. I'm sorry to do this but Gloss and Brutus, you are my nominees. I'm sorry but this is based on this first challenge." Gloss and Brutus stood up and sat in the nominee chairs. "Cato. You still have one task left. Who is leaving the house right now?" Effie asked. "Thresh man. I'm sorry but your just too quiet so I have to assume you're hiding so much. That's why I'm sending you out the door," Cato stated. Thresh nodded and exited the house faster than anything else. He didn't say goodbye to anyone. He came and sat in a chair by Effie. "Hello Thresh. Can I assume that you didn't expect that?" Effie asked. "Yes," Thresh muttered. "Do you want to do this interview or leave?" Effie asked. "Bye," Thresh said before getting up and leaving. "Alright. Let's go back into the house to check on our house guests," Effie stated, a little shocked from Thresh. Back in the house, everyone was sitting around. Except for Cato who was called into the diary room. He was getting his key. "Who wants to see my HOH room?" Cato yelled as he came out of the diary room. Everyone started clapping and they followed a very excited Cato up to his room. He unlocked the door and they walked in. Cato has his care package and a ton of pictures. Everyone started looking at pictures. "Oh my God! Cato is this you?" Clove asked as she held up a picture. "Yes!" Cato laughed as he looked at the picture. Cato was about three years old in the picture. He was sitting in a bath tub with a rubber ducky in his hands. His blonde hair was messy and there was bubbles in his hair. Cato: Note to self. Get whoever sent that picture. Everyone finally started to file of of Cato's HOH room. Cato was the last one of his room. He leaned on the balcony and watched Clove and Foxface walk. "Hey Clove! You should come spend the night up here with me so I don't get lonely!" he called. "No!" Clove laughed. "Okay. But you asked for it," Cato said as he started down the stairs and towards Clove. Clove started to run towards her room but Cato caught her. He picked her up over his shoulder. "Goodnight everyone!" he called. Cato took Clove to his room and laid her on his bed. He then jumped to the other side of the bed. Clove started to get up but Cato pinned her down. "You aren't going any where until I know you aren't gonna run away and leave me," Cato muttered. Meanwhile, Glimmer was collecting Cashmere, Gloss, Peeta, Madge, Haymitch and Maysilee. "Okay everyone. We need to form an alliance. All blonde. We will be 'The Blondies' and will win," Glimmer stated. "And we will get Cato." "I'm not doing this so soon," Maysilee said. "I need a little time." "Same with me. I'm nervous," Peeta said. "Agreed," Haymitch yawned. "Fine," Glimmer barked. "But since you're blonde, we won't target you." "Fair warning though. I don't think Cato will join if Clove can't join," Maysilee warned. "She's not blonde. She can't join," Cashmere hissed. "There's your answer about Cato joining," Maysilee finished before walking away with Haymitch and Peeta following her. "Don't worry. We got this in the bag," Glimmer smirked. Cato has been crowned the first HOH and Thresh is the first one out the door. The first alliance has been formed. But who will follow Thresh out the door? Brutus or Gloss? And who will be named the second HOH. All will be revealed in the next chapter of 'Big Brother: Panem Edition'.