both knew that only one of them could come home? "You don't look so bad, either," she tries to tease, but her breath catches and it comes out as just a whisper. The ghost of a smile graces Peeta's lips, and he turns to the mirror to wash his face. Katniss watches him for a moment, thinking of his words on the stage. More than the pregnancy, there's something else that tugged at her heart. "Did you mean it?" she asks softly. Peeta freezes for a second before turning to her, leaning against the sink, his fingers tightly clenched around the porcelain. "Yeah," he nods, locking his eyes with hers – they're filled with sadness, but also fierce determination. "I know why you wanted to do this, and I wanted you to know what it means to me, too. What you mean to me." "Even if you wouldn't have done it if you'd known about the Quell?" Katniss asks, feeling the sobs catching in her throat again, the tears threatening to fall at the corners of her eyes. "Oh, Katniss, no," Peeta says quickly, kneeling before her and taking her hands in his. "I don't regret it. I don't ," he assures her, giving her hands a gentle squeeze. "But I don't think that you would have wanted to do it if you had known. But if you had…" He pauses, freeing one of his hands to tilt her chin up so she looks at him. "If you still had wanted to do it, I would have said yes." "But you said –" "I know what I said," Peeta interrupts her. "I said we probably wouldn't have done it after we knew about the Quell. Just like we wouldn't have had a baby if we'd known. That doesn't mean I regret it." Katniss averts her gaze, not wanting Peeta to see the tears prickling at her eyes. "It's just that – I don't – I don't want you to hate me. To think that it was a terrible idea, and it's my fault, and –" "And I feel like an idiot for not suggesting it myself," Peeta says gently. Katniss' head snaps, and she looks at him, confusion flicking in her grey eyes. "Come on, Katniss," he chides her softly, giving her chin a little bump. "I was hardly seven that I was already thinking about marrying you. How could I hate you for that?" "Because it's my fault if you had to go through all of this," she whispers, ashamed. "If I hadn't pulled out those berries…" Peeta shakes his head. "If you hadn't, I'd be dead." "I could have eaten them," Katniss insists. "You'd have gone home, and everything would be okay." "Yeah," Peeta says grimly. "Your family would be devastated, and probably starving. Gale would have lost his best friend. I would have lost you… Clearly, that's a better fate than what we're facing now." Katniss lifts her face, indignant, her eyes narrowing upon hearing him say such things, but Peeta just silences any retort by putting a finger over her lips. "You listen. Given the choice any day, I would still choose to be with you right now. Even if it means going back to the arena. Even if it means that Snow probably will have us killed in less than twenty-four hours. I don't care." She wants to say something. Tell him that he shouldn't talk like that, that she's only brought him trouble and that he deserves so, so much more . More than a girl who can't love him, more than a girl who doesn't even know how she feels. But the selfish, terrified part inside of her is glad that he's there and that he won't go down without a fight. So she just holds onto him, falling on her knees to the floor, her arms around his neck. No one is forcing her when she leans in, pressing her lips against his. It's sweet and salty, tears running down her cheeks and dying on their joined lips, and she thinks that maybe it's the only way she can properly communicate. The only way she can tell him how she feels. She's sorry. She's scared. She doesn't know. She's messed up. If she could erase and rewind and go back in time, she would. Or maybe not. She's sorry for hurting him. She loves him, even if she doesn't know how. She's glad he'll be there with her until the end. He pulls back and then helps her on her feet, not pressing her for more. He peels off his jacket, shirt and pants, and she turns to him, presenting him with her back so he can help her with the zipper of her dress. She's not embarrassed, for once. Why should she be? He's her husband and he's seen her at her weakest, and that's so much scarier than being a little undressed in front of him. They slip underneath the blankets, Katniss curled up to his side, her hand resting over his heart, Peeta's arms wrapped around her. She knows she won't get any sleep tonight, but in case Peeta does, she needs to tell him now. "You're a great husband, you know," she whispers. "I don't have much competition in that field," Peeta replies, chuckling quietly. Katniss smiles. No matter the circumstances, Peeta can always give her hope. As long as he can joke, everything will be alright. Somewhere down the road "Fancy meeting you here," Peeta says, his voice dripping with charm as he kneels down, facing her. "Haven't we met before?" Katniss replies, grinning, playing his game. "I don't know," Peeta shrugs, a mischievous gleam sparking in his blue eyes. "I think I remember, but I'm not sure…" Katniss rolls her eyes, and then grabs him by the collar of his shirt, their bread forgotten as it falls off from his lap. "Well, then, I think it's time to make new memories." It certainly is. the end