alone, Ms Everdeen. Your bridesmaids will ride in limo number two without you." I don't have to ask who's in the first limo. I take a deep breath, and step into the limo, carefully making sure not to ruin my dress. The air inside the limo reeks of roses. I have to swallow back the vomit which is rising up from my stomach. "Ms Everdeen," an all too familiar voice says, and I brace myself, finally looking at him. President Snow. I meet his snakelike eyes. "Congratulations. This is a big, big day for you." I don't know if he's using Effie's favorite phrase on purpose, or if she perhaps adopted it from him originally. And the way he's looking at my dress… He knows it's not the one Panem voted on. I shiver. "Thank you, Mr President. It certainly is." "It is also a big day for all of Panem. And for me. It's not every day Panem's favorite star-crossed lovers get married, after all." I feel like I'm suffocating. I can't get any words out. I just nod. "I wanted the two of us to have a little talk before the wedding. In private." I dread what's coming – whatever it is, it can't be good. "You've done well this last year, Katniss. You've kept up the act very well. Everyone in Panem seems convinced that the star-crossed lovers are real. This wedding is important to them." Act. He knows it's an act. "Oh yes, Katniss. I know it's an act, at least on your part. You still haven't managed to convince me . Which is why I'm here talking to you now, and not to Peeta." I can hardly breathe. My eyes are fixed on his, it's like he's hypnotizing me. I'm unable to look away, even though I want to. "I know that you sleep in the same bed every night. I also know that you have not had sex." There is no talk of "making love" here. I want to ask him how he knows, but there is no point. He'd never answer. Besides, I know there is only one possible answer to that question anyway – he's bugging our bedrooms. Perhaps even filming us. I can't lie to him. "No." "In another 37 minutes, you'll be a married woman, Katniss. And you do know what's expected of married women." I'm starting to feel desperate. This conversation, although dealing with the same topic as the talk with my mother just a few minutes ago, is still so very different. I feel like an animal trapped in a corner. "I'm sure we'll… Get around to it." "Do you know what the other victors do? Well, most of them, anyway. The ones who are reasonably young and attractive. Do you know about their envelopes?" I narrow my eyes. I'm confused, I don't really know what he's talking about. Why did he suddenly change the subject? I've seen those envelopes, but no one's ever told me what they mean. I've seen Finnick getting them – lots of them – during the Quarter Quell. He, like me, didn't do much mentoring, as he lost both his tributes in the initial blood bath by the Cornucopia. Johanna got them, too. And Enobaria. And… "Clearly you don't. You've always been so pure, Katniss. But you're 18 now, and the time for purity is over. Welcome to the real world." "What do you mean?" "I sell them," he says. His voice is so matter-of-fact he could've talked about selling chairs or carrots. "I offer their bodies to whoever opens their pockets to the Capitol. Sometimes they go on silent auction, too. And the most generous sponsor during the Hunger Games will get the honor of having the victor first after winning the games. There were only two exception… Peeta and you. We couldn't sell you two, because of the star-crossed lovers lie. The two top sponsors weren't happy about it. You will of course appreciate that I made quite a sacrifice for you." My head is spinning. "Deep breaths, Katniss. We don't want you to faint." I obey his order, hating myself. "You're fortunate, Katniss. If you play your cards right, you two won't become Capitol whores like the rest of the victors. At least not now." "What do you want from me?" I'm finally able to say. The only reason I haven't broken down is that I don't want to give Snow the satisfaction of seeing my tears. "I want you to consummate your marriage to Peeta. Tonight." "Okay," I find myself whispering. "And don't try to fool me. I'll know if you do. If you try to make me look stupid, if you try to disobey, both you and Peeta will have envelopes waiting for you at the breakfast table tomorrow morning. I have two sponsors ready who would be more than willing to take both your and Peeta's virginities." Only my deep breaths are keeping me from vomiting all over my dress. "Plus the 76th Hunger Games are coming up, the reaping is in less than two months. Disobey me, and I'll make sure Prim's name is on every single slip of paper in that bowl. Am I making myself clear?" I nod. "Say it." "Clear." "Good. You've always been a sensible girl, Katniss. You do what you have to do to keep your family safe. Just look at this as just one more thing you have to do to keep them alive and happy. It's pretty simple, really, all you have to do is make sure that this marriage is real. Close your eyes and think of the Capitol if it helps." I can't stop a strangled sound from exiting my throat. "Don't cry, Katniss. This is the happiest day of your life, remember? " I look out of the window, and realize we're almost there, on the square outside the presidential palace. In a few minutes, I'll get married. And tonight, I'll have to sleep with Peeta.