"I promise," I finally say. "I'll protect your children. Always." I reach out to lightly touch Vick's jet black curls. The four-year-old is sleeping next to me. The words seem to calm her, because not long after, I can hear from her breathing that Madge is asleep. I, however, can't sleep. I have somehow ended up as an unofficial leader of the group. Sometimes, the responsibility is almost too much to bear. Juggling the needs of the weakest members of our group with the overall wellness of the group, encouraging people to walk on, even when they want to give up, trying to please our guards, making relations to the local villagers so they allow us to stay an extra day when we desperately need it… Still, people wither away in front of my eyes or in my arms, despite my best efforts. I can't save them. xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxox We march every second day, because the children need a day of rest. It's not enough. It's not just the marching though, it's the tropical diseases, too. The malnourishment makes us vulnerable, and the diarrhea is the worst of them all. It drains the children, and it threatens the strongest of the adults, as well. Madge is suffering. She is weak, weaker than most of the other surviving adults, and she often needs my help to carry her youngest, little Posy. Posy is only eight months old, but thankfully, she seems robust and healthy. I know that could change quickly, though. She's so young, her body so little. She has virtually no reserves. Sadly, Vick is the first of the Hawthornes to go. One day he is relatively healthy. The next day, the diarrhea sets in. Just after midday on the following day, in the shade of a Rain tree, he passes away. We bury him there, and two hours later, we are back on the road. Something in Madge breaks that day. I carry Posy almost all day now, on my hip like the local women do, because Madge is too weak to carry any extra weight. She seems distant, and some nights I have to force her to eat. Sometimes she talks to Gale, even though he isn't there. Rory, who is almost six, gets malaria. He is drenched in sweat throughout a terrible, terrible night, in which Madge holds him tight as he slips in and out of consciousness. In the morning, he is dead. Losing two children is more than most people can bear, and when the deaths happen only days apart, it must be even worse. She has one child alive, who needs her. But still, the will to live has disappeared from Madge's eyes. When we bury Rory, Madge says a prayer for her son, and those are the last coherent words she speaks. She seems catatonic after that. Five days later, I find myself responsible for a baby, as I watch the others fill Madge's shallow grave with dirt. She's buried under a Rain tree, too. Even though it is of course not the same tree that we buried Vick under, I think she'd like that. xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxox London, 1948 "The soldiers forced you to walk on like that? Even though you were dying in front of them?" Mr. Flickerman voice is low. I can't tell whether he's angry or saddened...or worse. "Yes." "Surely life in a prisoner of war camp must be preferable to walking from village to village," he mutters. I shrug tiredly. "I suppose. The camps were horrible, too. They were overfilled, teeming with mosquitoes, flees and rats, and the hygienic conditions were appalling. We later discovered that many of the men died, too, of hunger, diarrhea and tropical diseases, same as we did." "You've spoken of Mr. Hawthorne several times. He was in one of those camps, was he not?" I nod. "Did he survive the war?" "Yes." I don't really want to get onto the subject of Gale. I don't want to talk of his hopes, his expectations, that I couldn't meet. "What happened to little Posy after her mother died?" "I took her as my own, of course," I say. "What else was I to do? I had given Madge my word. But it wasn't a difficult thing to do," I say with a smile. The first smile, I suppose, since I started telling my story. "I love Posy. I would do anything for her." "So, Posy survived, too?" "Yes, she did." "Good. I'm glad." It's as if he sinks back in his chair, and for a split second, it doesn't feel as if everything he says or does is choreographed. I think he's genuinely relieved that Posy lives. But then he snaps back into his part. "You said that you stayed in that village for three years," Mr. Flickerman says. "When did you stop wandering?" "We were allowed to settle down in Lagu Burung, the village I told you about, after around half a year. But before we got that far…" My voice trails off. I meet Mr. Flickerman's eyes, and for a fleeting second, I think it's odd that I can't tell what color they are. Something between gray and blue, maybe. Peeta's eyes were definitely blue, though. Blue like the sky on a clear summer day. Sometimes, when I close my eyes when I try to sleep at night, I can still see them. I take a deep breath before I'm able to continue. "Before we got that far, something terrible happened." xoxoxoxoxoxoxox This chapter was difficult to write because I needed to do a lot of world building! Now we can actually get on with the story. The next chapter is set in 1942 – which is when Katniss meets Peeta. 53,000 pounds may not seem like it's *that* much money, at least not enough to completely change someone's life. But Lbug84 and her husband figured out that when you do the currency conversion and take inflation into account, it's actually more than USD 2,000 000.