from. He watches as she places the basket on the ground and began picking the pieces of fruit off the bush and dropping them into the basket. Gale's mischievous grin grew as an idea formed into his head; he began sneaking up behind her and with one sharp intake of air he howled— loudly like a wolf. He couldn't have gotten a better reaction. Madge jumped so loudly that she lost her footing and stumbled over, falling on to her backside into the dirt. Gale doubled over in laughter, clutching his stomach, and his laughter picked up when he saw Madge's frightened face. After Madge got over the initial shock of being scared she picked herself off the ground and began brushing the dirt from her dress. "That wasn't funny." She mumbled. "Sure it was!" Gale replied still laughing. "Don't you get it? You're Little Red Riding Hood with her basket and I'm the Big Bad Wolf!" Gale began 'flexing' his eight year old arms and puffing out his chest. Madge thought it was cute but was too annoyed at him to giggle. "I still think you're more like a cute dog." She finishes brushing her dress off and continues her work of picking berries. At her words Gale stops trying to show off and his mood changes into one of curiosity. "So… why do you go off into the woods to pick strawberries for your mom?" Madge shrugs in response. "We both like them." She didn't feel like explaining the whole situation to him. It was that moment that Gale noticed the sad look on her face as she picked the strawberries, it was the exact opposite of the friendly and serene look she had when she walked through the park. He walks up to the bushes and begins picking them, his gray eyes downward. Madge's own eyes brightened as he dropped some into the basket. It was about thirty minutes later when they finally finished. Both kids glanced around at the now bare bushes and the wicker basket on the ground that may be a little too full. "Your mom is going to have a lot of strawberries to eat." Gale stated the obvious. Madge nods in agreement, and watches as Gale reaches down to pick up the basket. He was obviously trying to impress her but she could tell he was struggling to hold the berries. Blushing, she reaches one hand down and wraps her hand around one side of the basket's handle while Gale's hand wrapped around the other. "Let's carry it together?" She asks him. Gale nods his head with a blush. When they emerged from the woods Hazelle enveloped Gale in her arms, Rory wrapped around her leg. "GALE HAWTHORNE! WHERE DID YOU GO? I THOUGHT SOMETHING HAPPENED I—" Gale struggled to keep hold of the basket and he saw Madge giggling in the corner of his eye, so he interrupted his mom mid-rant. "Ma, I just wanted to help Madge with her strawberries." Hazelle's expression softened at Gale's confession and she smiled down at the blonde. "Well I'm glad you finally decided to see that Madge is a very sweet girl." Madge smiled at the compliment. Gale gripped the basket a little tighter, "Mum, can we help Madge lug these berries to her house? They're for her mum." Gale pleaded with his mom. Hazelle didn't need much convincing, she grabbed Rory's hand. "Alright, but when we get home, we're having a long talk about running off without telling me." As they walked; Hazelle stayed behind the pair and her heart warmed at the sight of her son helping the blonde girl. They arrived at Madge's home, and the pair gently set the basket down. "I think I can handle taking them inside." Madge smiled at the boy she had grown fond of over the course of the day. "Thank you for helping me." Gale blushed and just nodded in response. "I really do think you have a pretty dress… and face." He mumbled quietly. Madge wants to giggle again, but instead she leans forward and kisses his cheek. "See you soon, Gale." She tells him before entering her house. Gale's blush intensifies and he glances over at his mom who is smiling very brightly. "You guys are so cute!" Hazelle gushes. Gale blushes even more and places one of his small hands over where Madge kissed him. "Let's just go home." He says quickly. He doesn't rub the kiss off, as he's too busy learning what the feeling of 'butterflies in your stomach' really meant. The next day Gale waited with Katniss at the park, for when Madge would arrive, but he doesn't tell Katniss this, she'd never let him live down the fact that Madge kissed him. He was growing agitated that the blonde hadn't made her way down the path yet in a hopefully new dress that he would admire. "Well she wasn't at school today." Katniss concluded. "Maybe she's sick?" "Maybe…" Gale trailed off worried. After Katniss went home, Gale begged his mom if they could visit Madge in town. Hazelle, thinking it was cute, agreed, so they walked into town, and the sight that they saw wasn't cute at all. Hazelle Hawthorne quickly pulled her son behind her as she brought a hand to her mouth in shock. A fireman came over to them and explained to Hazelle that Madge's mother's machine had caught fire early this morning. The fire spread throughout the house and that no one had survived as the whole home burnt to the ground. Hazelle nodded her head grimly wanting to cry, she turned around to see her son. Gale was gripping her pants tightly while keeping his head down. She picked him up in her arms and began to walk away from the scene. She finally let out a sob when her baby boy began shaking in her arms. Gale silently wished she was wearing a pretty dress in heaven. A/N: Don't kill me.