in?" Delly let go of Peeta. "Not at all, I think my toes need a break from being stepped on." Before Delly walked away, she gave the woman behind him the universal sign for "I've got my eye on you." "K..Ka…Katniss?" stammered Peeta. "Is this okay with you?" she asked, coming around to face him. "I, I don't know," sighed Peeta. "Let's just see how this goes." Katniss put her arms around Peeta's neck; his hands went to her waist automatically. She pulled him closer as they started to move. Peeta managed to lose himself to the music and his thoughts. How can this be everything I do and do not want at the same time? I mean, I know this exactly what I want, but once she walks out that door, how is it not going to wreck me? He blew out an audible sigh and opened his eyes. Everyone around was gawking at the two of them; the only exception was Rue, who had a little smirk on her face. She winked at him and took a sip from her can of Sprite. Peeta looked down at Katniss. She had her eyes closed, a slight smile on her face. The starts shining from the disco ball reminded him of their late night rides on his bike to no place in particular. She winced just a little and opened her eyes. "I can tell the accident hasn't made you a better dancer." She laughed lightly. Embarrassed, Peeta apologized for stepping on her foot. "No, not really. Not to mention all of the drinks and the scuffle from earlier isn't exactly helping. Sorry about your foot." "It's okay. Things wouldn't be the same if you didn't step on my toes at least once." She took her arms from around his neck and slid them under his arms, around to his back. She pulled him even closer and then laid her head on his chest. Peeta felt her inhale deeply. "You still smell like motor oil and cologne, but I think the cologne is new?" "It's Euphoria by Calvin Klein. It was a gift from Finnick." Peeta tried to impersonate Finnick as he said "It's perfect for the single man out on the prowl." Katniss laughed. "Why am I not surprised Finnick would say something like that about a cologne? I like it though." She took in another deep breath. "Well, it is Finnick. He's just looking out for me, even if his methods are a little odd at times." Katniss nodded as they continued to dance. Drive by The Cars was coming to an end on the jukebox. Katniss lifted her head from Peeta's chest. "This song is making me want to ask who is going to drive you home tonight. You are in no shape to drive right now." "You're right. Haymitch has the keys to my bike. I'll hang out here for a while, and hopefully he'll let me have them back before he decides to go home. It's my turn to ask, who is going to take you home tonight?" "Rue agreed to be my D.D. tonight. Peeta, promise me you won't drive home drunk. I can't take the thought of you getting into another wreck. You scared me half to death when I heard you were in the hospital." Peeta looked Katniss in the eye. "I'd get Finnick to take me home, but I think he came in a cab. I promise I won't drive home drunk. Scouts honor." "Okay. I'm going to hold you to that. For now, you should hold me." Peeta wrapped his arms around Katniss, laid his head on hers, closed his eyes, and tried to keep time with the music. The lyrics from Adele's cover of I Can't Make You Love Me were all too moving to him in this moment. Peeta choked back a sob, tried to play it off as a cough, but a tear still ran down his broke the embrace. He could see that her mascara was starting to run. "God, I knew you looked like trouble the moment I laid eyes on you tonight," she said while grabbing his shirt and pulling him in for a kiss. The music shut off and the house lights came on an instant later, Peeta jumped as Haymitch's voice boomed over the PA system. "Alright kids, you don't have to go home, but you can't stay here. Thank you for coming out tonight. If you are too drunk to drive, please let me know and I'll be happy to call you a cab. Now everybody out." Peeta and Katniss both sighed, and looked around awkwardly, the moment lost. Peeta thought it was probably for the best, but wished he could feel her lips on his again. "Well, this was really nice," Peeta said while shoving his hands in his pockets. "Yeah, it was, but I have to go." Katniss reached for his face, and with her thumb wiped the tear away. She then quickly kissed him on the cheek, turned and briskly walked towards Rue, who hooked her arm as they walked towards the door. Finnick walked into Peeta's field of view. Finnick mouthed, "Are you alright?" Peeta nodded. Finnick gave him a thumbs up, pointed at Annie and Delly, then motioned towards the door, indicating that they were leaving. Peeta managed a little wave. "God damn, that was nice," he said quietly, then shook his head and walked over to Haymitch at the bar. "Tell me you didn't do that on purpose." "Okay. I didn't do that on purpose." Haymitch said as he slid a shot of Jack across the bar to Peeta. Peeta picked up the shot and started to bring it towards his mouth, and then stopped. "You know what, I think I'll go to the diner across the street and sober up," he slid the shot back to Haymitch. Haymitch reached into his pocket then handed Peeta his keys. "Good man. Now get out of here."