She and I run back into the main bathroom. I try to unlock Jett's iPad but there's a pass code. "There's a pass code," I explained. Clove didn't hesitate to take the iPad from me. Clove POV 5-3-8-8. My twin is so predictable. I open up Google and search key words " Kassandra doll evil killer ". One link catches me eye. Evil Doll Destroys Family I click on the link and see a picture of Kassandra. This is definitely the article I need. I start reading. "Everything seemed innocent enough when 16-year-old Kyle Jackson gave his six-year-old six, Bria, a doll for her birthday. She named the doll Kassandra with a K. The doll was a lifeless doll like any other. That is, until Halloween. The family's other daughter, 12-year-old Kayla, woke up later than usual. She claimed to have pain in her back. There were no marks. However, on the long white sleeve of her pajamas, Kyle noticed blood. When Kayla rolled the sleeve up, she saw Kassandra carved into her arm. Her parents thought it was a sick joke. That night, the parents took Bria trick or treating, leaving Kyle and Kayla at the house. Kayla invited a friend over and Kyle invited three. That night, when the parents returned with a sleeping Bria, they found their kids along with their friends laying in a pool of their own blood. In the middle of the mess, the doll stood, holding her rose to her chest. Because the doll was soaked in blood, the parent threw the doll out. Little did they know, the doll was the reason there were six dead teenagers in their house. There was no break in and the murder weapon was the father's hunting knife. The doll is the number one suspect and it went missing. It is said she can control a person with her eyes. If you find the doll, destroy it and burn it," I read. "Her nickname, Killer Kassandra." "Well we know who the doll is, when she attacks, and that she uses a weapon found in the house," Foxface ran over. "And from our experience, she attacks when the person is alone or the other person can't do anything," I added. "Here's an idea. Why don't the boys go together? Cato can support Marvel and we can go together," Foxface suggested. The boys nodded so Foxface and I walked out of the room and into the basement. Marvel POV Cato supports me as we walk towards the music room. I didn't see Kassandra until Cato released me and I fell to the floor. I saw her standing at the top of the stairs, posed to lure Cato in. Cato was walking up the stairs, clearly under Kassandra's spell. I needed to save him. I looked around for something I could throw at him. I saw a pair of Clove's high heeled booties. Under any other circumstances, I wouldn't whip a high heel at Cato's head, in this case... I threw the heel and it hit Cato directly in the back of the head. He turned and glared at me, clearly out of Kassandra's daze. "I saved your life," I explained. "Now turn around. I think Kassandra's about to kill you." Kassandra lunged at my best friend but he caught her. She slashed his wrist and he threw her over the railing. She landed right by the door to the basement. She laughed a little girl laugh then disappeared down the stairs, locking the door behind her. I would have went after her but the door was locked and I couldn't get in. Besides, I need to help Cato. Clove POV Holy crap, Cephas needs to clean his room. The doll could be in here and no one would know until it was too late. I don't know why I agreed to look in Cephas' room while Foxface looked in Sateen's, but I agreed to it. I picked up a sport jersey when I heard a loud thud from Sateen's room. I dropped the jersey and ran to Sateen's room. I tried the handle but it was locked. My parents can replace this door later. I slam against the door. On the third time, the door breaks enough for me to break through. I see Foxface out cold and Kassandra standing over her, ready to stab my dagger into my head. I threw the knife in my hand into the doll's head. She collapsed off my friend, dropping my dagger. I grab the dagger, which had blood on it, and cut off the doll's head. I then turned to my friend. I saw her left arm was covered in blood. I saw a pink bandanna on my sister's shelf. I wiped the blood away and saw Kassandra carved into my best friend's arm. I grabbed my sister's water bottle and dumped the contents out on Foxface's head. She shot awake. I helped her up and grabbed my knifes. Foxface carried the doll pieces up the stairs. We went into the main room and saw Cato with bandages around his wrist. "We did it," I reported. "Let's burn this bitch." *The Next Day* Our group was hanging out the next day. Yes, I got in shit for wrecking Sateen's door and burning her new doll. Am I upset? Not at all. My friends all have bandages wrapped around a part of their body because of Sateen. Marvel, his ankle. Cato, his wrist. Foxface, her full left forearm. I had my iPad and kept reading about Kassandra. We burned the doll last night then put the ashes through the garbage disposal. "Get this. Every family that owned Kassandra had deaths of their children yet no one put two and two together," I announced. "I'm just happy to be alive," Cato sighed. "Aren't we all?" Foxface and Marvel agreed in union. Happy Halloween. Hope I gave you some nightmares. Click the favorite button and leave a review before you leave. Bye everyone.