the Games to be changed. I glance at Haymitch. I know he has been insisting Katniss and Peeta don't do anything to encourage the rebellion, but if ever there was a time for them to do just that then it's now. He doesn't look at me, but I can see from the way his eyes are fixed on Katniss that he is hoping she does not disappoint. Caesar finally manages to start questioning Katniss, asking her if she has anything she wishes to say, and she plays her part perfectly, claiming that she is only sorry the wedding will not happen but that she is glad that everyone can see her beautiful dress. And then she is twirling. And she is, once again, the Girl on Fire. Only this time, the fire is not decorative. It is something much more real. As she twirls, the fire burns away at the white dress until, finally, she is left standing in a dress of coal black feathers. She raises her arms and what had been the sleeves of the dress are now two perfect wings. Cinna has turned her into a mockingjay. I glance over at the stylist who has created such an incredible piece of work, and I bite my lip. He has done something extraordinary, but it will almost certainly cost him his life. President Snow will not ignore what has happened. The mockingjay, the bird found on Katniss' District token, has become the symbol of the rebellion, and Cinna has just put that symbol on a stage which, at this moment, has the eyes of everyone in Panem on it. He takes a bow as Caesar points him out to the crowd, and as he sits I can see in his eyes that he knows the risk he has taken. He knows the price of what he has done. But there is no fear there, only satisfaction. He will accept the consequences. I turn back to the stage in time to see Katniss returning to her seat and Peeta stepping forwards. After a few moments of the banter he and Caesar always share, he plays his best card. This is the last attempt the tributes have of getting the Quell stopped and he knows it. He tells everyone that he and Katniss already married in secret, and that he would have no regrets about anything. That is, if it was not for the baby. The reaction is instantaneous. The crowd explodes, with accusations of injustice, cruelty and barbarism being shouted from every person present. It is a testament to his wit that, with one simple line, he has a whole room full of Capitolites, people who have been raised to love the excitement of the Games, in uproar. I catch Haymitch's eye for the second time that evening and I can tell in a second that this was all Peeta's idea, yet Haymitch is pleased. Pleased that the boy managed to set off the bomb that the other tributes have been creating all evening. Cinna and Portia look our way, and for a moment an identical look of pride flickers across all our faces before we are looking back at the stage where Peeta has gone back to his seat, our masks of indifference painted on once more. The Capitol anthem plays overhead, signalling the end of the interviews, and the tributes rise. Then, another amazing thing happens right before our eyes. For the first time in history, all twenty-four tributes join hands, a display of unity amongst the Districts. Moments later, the screens turn black and the lights on the stage are turned off. It's too late, though. The whole of Panem has seen, and I'll be shocked if this doesn't spur on the uprisings. It's confusion as everyone leaves their seats. Many people are still crying out in protest, calling for the Games to be stopped. I wish I could believe it was a possibility, but I know it's not going to happen. Now, more than ever, President Snow will want the victors dead. We finally file out into the hall and make out way to the elevators, and I feel Haymitch's hand grasp mine. Cinna and Portia are just ahead of us. Then, suddenly, I feel a pull at my other arm from behind me. Haymitch feels it too and swings round, his eyes dark as he sees the peacekeeper who has grabbed me. "You are to return home immediately." the Peacekeeper tells me, and a quick glance shows me that another Peacekeeper is giving the same orders to Cinna and Portia. I can't say I'm surprised. After everything that just happened, it would be more of a surprise if we were allowed to stay with our tributes tonight. I look at Haymitch, who pulls me into a quick embrace for the second time in our years of working together. Things have definitely changed this year! "Stay safe." he whispers, his breath tickling my ear. "You too." I feel my breath hitch. He knows something. Something he's not telling me. I want to know, but I trust that he would only keep it from me if knowing put me in danger. The Peacekeeper is pulling me away now, and I am caught up by Cinna and Portia. All three of us are escorted from the building before we are finally left alone. There's no chance of us getting back inside; Peacekeepers are now guarding every entrance. We walk a little further together before we stop and turn to each other, falling into one embrace. I know that this is the last time I will see Cinna. After he prepares Katniss tomorrow morning, he will be of no use to President Snow. Portia... I don't know what will happen to her, but I know that none of us are safe anymore. The world is changing, and I can only hope it changes for the better. And I hope I am there when Snow takes his last breath.