"Congratulations on making it this far! There has been a slight rule change for this years Hunger Games. Two tributes, if from the same District, can win the games and become Victors; remember: they have to be from the same District." His voice cuts off and I'm thrown back into silence. Two Victors will be crowned this year. There's Cato and Clove or Katniss and Peeta. I'll side for team twelve. My District partner is dead, he died on the first day; District Five will not have two Victors this year, they may not even have one. Katniss Everdeen came by a few days ago, looking for her Lover-boy. She found him, hidden in the same place where I had found him before. She took him to a cave where they are now resting up. At first, she didn't seem to comfortable being on the ground but I think she realized she had no way of getting Peeta up a tree. Anyway, I don't need to keep him alive any more, that job has been taken from me now. Earlier in the morning, a voice had sounded through the arena, letting the tributes know there is going to be a feast today. I hide in the Cornucopia, waiting for the table to rise with the treats on. I feel safe in my spot, though I know I shouldn't. Another tribute could wonder in any second and I'm not the best fighter in Panem. Slowly, as I watch, a table rises from the grassed floor. When its up, I wait a full thirty seconds before sprinting out. I grab my bag at a running speed and carry on running towards the trees. Just as I get to the tree line, I see Katniss run for her bag out of the corner of my eye. A few minutes later, I hear a female screaming, I can't make out what's saying though. She goes silent after a minute before the cannon sounds; showing her death. Katniss? I don't stop to wonder, just keep on running towards the safety of my camp. Half-way there, I stop and drink the remains of the water in the bottle. As I pass the stream, I stop for a minute to fill the bottle up. When I'm safely sitting down, the first thing I do is add the iodine and put the bottle to the side. I open my 'treat bag'. I smile at what I see inside; food, another coat, a pair of socks and some gloves. I put the gloves, socks and coat on right away, sighing at the added warmth; bliss. Unable to stop myself, I eat all the meat, including the dried beef which I've been saving. That night, Clove's face is in the sky. I couldn't help but shake my head at her smirking photo. She's not smiling now, is she? I wonder how she died... Katniss probably got to her with an arrow; that must have been an epic battle. Katniss with her bow and arrows, Clove with her throwing knives. I only left my hole to pee yesterday, preferring to stay inside and keep warm in my sleeping bag. There was no deaths yesterday, the arena quiet and the night sky bare. It was nice, knowing no one was killed; maybe that'll happen again tonight. I snuggle into my sleeping bag as the storm rages on. I'm surprised the water isn't coming inside my spot but I am in no way complaining. I eat my roots, chewing slowly on them and having one sip of water every couple of hours. The cannon sounds, showing another death. Wishful thinking is useless I guess. I wonder who it is this time; Peeta, Thresh, Katniss, Cato? Wait... there only five... four...of us left. The games are nearly over, the worst is nearly here. When the anthem starts, I lean out a little, careful not to get wet, and watch the sky. I expect Peeta but my mouth drops open when I see Thresh. How? Did he die in the storm? Was he killed by another tribute? The only tribute that would go after him would be Cato, he's the craziest one out of the tributes left. Cato will probably kill Peeta, leaving him and Katniss to fight it out. I have no chance. The big final act is coming soon, its going to be worse than the storm and I won't survive it; I just know it. There's nothing left for me, I know there's no chance. I'm going to die either but the storm or at Cato's hands. I know it would be Cato, he would find me first and just go for the kill. I follow Peeta, watch as he picks the berries. They're nightlock. Maybe I should let him eat them, his death would be painless then. Yes, I'll let him do that. After he's moved on, I grab a handful of the berries. I'm going to die anyway, I might as well go out the most painless way. And at least no one will have the satisfaction of saying they killed me. I lift my hand to my mouth, pushing a berry between my lips. Closing my eyes, I bite down. The juices swim out and I swallow them. There's no going back now. My sight gets fuzzy, my throat thick. I fall to the ground as my chest burns. Painless? Yeah, I was wrong. As I cough, my mind fills of images of my family. I'll never see them again, I'll never tell them how much I love them. My vision goes dark and somewhere, in the distance, I hear a cannon. Is that for me? I hope you noticed the sections got smaller as it got closer to her death; it wasn't because I got bored of writing, it was on purpose! Magneta: Mag-Knee-ta I was going to have it Beta-readed but no beta reader got back to me... so yeah. Hope you enjoyed, leave a review :)