the boy on tow. Still she screamed, but then caught the boy's eye, and saw how calm he was, and relaxed slightly. Once they reached the pub, that his father owned, his father sat the girl in an armchair by the fire, stripped her of her soaking dress, dried her and the wrapped her in blankets. He then went off to make them all warm drinks. He did all this in silence, so the only noises were the girl's occasional cry of fright and the crackle off spitting sparks. When his father had left the room, the boy dragged a chair from one of restaurant tables and placed it opposite the shivering girl. He climbed on it and sat cross legged, smiling at her. Slowly, the girl raised the corners of her mouth, a smile. "What's your name?" The boy asked politely. He sat patiently waiting for a response. He waited a while, since the girl was struggling to find her voice, and she could barely keep her eyes open. He decided to tell her his name, despite the lack of question. "I'm Callum." The girl didn't stir. The boy was about to give up on an answer, when he heard: " Hello, Callum." She gulped. " I'm Scout." The boy smiled again. To him it was a funny name, and a boy's name if anything. But he knew it would be rude to say so, so he simple asked her a question frequently asked by children his age. "Hello, Scout. Would you be my friend, please?" He was unsure of the answer, since it was an awkward question to ask, since they knew very little about one another, and she was naked under the blankets, but he hoped she would reply. The girl nodded her head, and gave another weak smile, then drifted into a comforted sleep. He sat and watched her. Examining her long silky brown hair, that was slowly drying in the heat, the dancing shadows under her eyes of her long eyelashes caused by the firelight; he noticed that when her teeth chattered her two front teeth were missing. I wonder how much she got from the tooth fairy, Callum wondered. He also saw scars and burns on her pale legs, but didn't take much notice of them; he himself had plenty of bruises from climbing the cliffs with his father, and playing with his friends at school. The boy's father returned, precariously carrying three cups of steaming liquid, which he place on one of the restaurant tables. He passed one to Callum, and sipping on his own, muttered that when he finished his drink, to go find Paula (one of the waitresses, who normally took care of Callum), to help him with his homework, ask for his dinner, and then go up to bed and brush his teeth. Callum asked what was going to happen to Scout, and then had to explain to his father that that was her name, and that they had decided to be friends. His father smiled fondly of his son, then drowning his mug, said she would sleep for as long as she wanted, but in the morning, he would ask about and have a go at trying to find her parents. He never did find her parents. Apparently Scout had no idea who her parents were, let alone how she had ended up in the church's graveyard. She only remembered falling. The boy's father had thought she meant that she had fallen, possibly hit her head and was now suffering a bad concussion. However, he found no bruise on her head, and after days of waiting, she still didn't remember. But what came to a shock to Callum's father the most, was she remembered her name, but didn't know her own age, let alone what age was. The decided she was about Callum's age, five, and marked her birthday as the day they'd found her, February 13 th . Two years past and slowly Scout settled into Callum's way of life. Although she join school at first, but she was always there to pick Callum up or drop him off at school, which she soon started doing without the aid of Jacob, Callum's dad, who she always referred to as Mr Thorton. Meanwhile, Callum and Scout had become very close. They would eat meals together, she would have goes at attempting his homework, they'd go on long walks to the beach, and "help out" at the pub. Her two front teeth grew, and she lost the others, and so did Callum. The burns and bruises faded on her legs as well, and were soon forgotten about. And soon enough, Scout started missing Callum so much during the week; she asked if she could join school. Since she'd missed two whole years already, she joined one year below Callum, but that didn't stop them from staying best friends, or meeting up every lunch and break. At first everyone thought they were brother and sister, which they certainly felt like. But as they grew older, and they looked nothing alike, people started asking. At first Callum and Scout didn't know how to reply, so after a day of interrogation, from multiple people, they asked Paula, who replied that they could say Scout was adopted. So that's how they explained from then on. But that didn't go down too well. Bullies saw it as an opportunity to mock her for having no parents. Scout didn't take the slightest of notice at first and didn't care what they said, but then it got out of hand, when they stared getting physical, by shoving her over. Callum wouldn't have it, and started defending her, and got into several fights, but the teachers of the school pitied Scout, and saw Callum as a perfect student and loyal friend, so he always got off easily. Soon the bullies realised they weren't gaining anything but more detentions and moody parents, so lay off. All except one. Tony.