only been in power for around a month. "Now, to the new Capitol," Annie says. "Tomorrow," Plutarch adds. We settle in Huron Crane's mansion and separate into rooms of two. Plutarch and Haymitch, Enobaria and Annie, Johanna and Beetee (so Johanna doesn't hurt Enobaria), and me and Peeta. "Can we investigate the building like I did to Snow's mansion before I killed Coin?" I ask. "I believe so," Peeta answers. "I'll go with you, my little Mockingjay." I smiled and even blushed at that I comment. After that, I grabbed his hand and we walked into what was apparently Huron Crane's quarters. The office was oval shaped. In the middle of the oval is an eagle seal, similar to the Old Capitol's seal. It says around the seal these words: 'The Seal of the President of the United States.' I walked around and found a book called The Third World War . "Should I read it?" I ask Peeta. "Why not," he says, smiling at me. I open the book and start reading it aloud: "In World War III, the USA and UK (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Scotland) fought against the newly refreshed Soviet Union (USSR) and the People's Republic of China. China and the USSR used a nuclear attack strategy on the desert landscapes in the American nation. Feizo Panemo of the United States Communist Political Party brought together the states of (East to West) Pennsylvania to Nevada and all states north or south of there and seceded from the United States. This group of states came together and created the 13 district nation called The People's Society of Panem. The US was left with their states of Maine to Florida (North to South)." I stop reading the book and put it back in Huron Crane's bookcase. Now, the USA did end up falling to Panem. We own the District of Colombia, the capital city of the nation. "Wow," I say. "We just conquered the USA." "Yep," Peeta said. We head back to our room and cuddle on the bed. The next day, Plutarch gets us up and brings us to that same office. "Alright," he says. "To the new Panem Capitol!" We leave the office and exit the Eastern Capitol Army Base (Paylor even had a sign put up). We walk for 3 days, again only taking breaks at night. My stomach actually fared well, even though I threw up once. Peeta said that it was because of the kid being hungry and that I wasn't eating. At the end of the third day, we make it to the new Capitol. It was a large, uninhabited field. The land was also flat. Plutarch put up the newer Panem flag up in the center. "I declare this the new Capitol!" Plutarch declares. "Finally," Johanna sighs. "Are we done walking around now?" "Done walking, yes," Haymitch replies. "But, we are staying to help build the city." Great. Now, a eighteen year-old pregnant girl, me, has to help build a large city as a Capitol to Panem. This is going to be a really long time. After nine months of building the new Capitol, it's finally finished. Just in time too. I'm laying on a bed in the hospital in a lot of pain. I'm in labor now. I'm severely gripping Peeta's hand and I think he's bleeding. Only, he's smiling and saying, "It's okay Katniss. Try and relax." Then, a delivery doctor came in my room. "Miss Everdeen, it's time to push," the doctor says. I start pushing and go through the WORST pain I've ever felt. "There she is. Your little daughter." She comes out of my body and the doctor covers her in a blanket and handed her to me. I had given birth to mine and Peeta's daughter. She has my hair and nose. She has Peeta's eyes and ears. She is MORE adorable than Finnick and Annie's son , I thought. "She's so cute," Peeta says. "I know," I say, smiling from cheek to cheek. "What is her name? What should we call her?" "How about Primrose?" he suggests. Naming our daughter after Prim. As a final memorial to her after Coin killed her to end the war on a dumb note, at least in my opinion. "Primrose Everdeen Mellark," I say. "That would be her full name." "I agree," he says. I end up fading out for a couple days. When I wake up, I feed little Prim some milk from by body, then I ask for President Paylor. She walks in to my room and says, "Hello Katniss. How are you?" "I'm well," I say. "And Prim is now reborn as my own child to raise. May you inform my mother for me?" "I will," she replies. "Now, when you're released, you may run your and Peeta's District Fourteen. Don't forget to live your life well, Katniss." "Sure thing President Paylor," I say. EPILOGUE _ After that, for the rest of my life, me and Peeta ran District Fourteen. No more Hunger Games. No more war. Little Primrose ends up moving to District 12 after she turned 20 to continue living for me and my sister in the newly rebuilt Seam. I've have been really proud of my life after the rebellion that started with my and Peeta's victory in the Seventy-Fourth annual Hunger Games. I hope that Primrose has an adventurous life like her parents did, only not as dangerous. I am now a proud grandmother of her and her husband's (Annie and Finnick's son) twin daughters, Katniss and Rue (named after me and the female tribute from District Eleven in my first Games). I can finally tell myself and Peeta this: "My name is Katniss Everdeen. My home is District Twelve. I've lived through so much. That included two Hunger Games and a rebellion against the Capitol. I am still alive, surprisingly. I am really proud to be alive. My life is the best its has ever been." THE END