standing by the horse, so dark and beautiful and alone and strong, has something he could never dream of having. And he sees it now, he sees why she's the Mockingjay, although he doubts she even knows it herself. She's so preoccupied with the horse that she doesn't see him coming. He allows himself the luxury of taking in her beauty up close before he lets her know he's there by chewing on a sugar cube, crunching it between his molars. She turns around instantly at the sound, not like a hunter, but like prey. Her pupils dilate, and he smirks. "Hello, Katniss ," he says, as if they've known each other forever, not just met briefly once, last year. "Hello, Finnick ," she says, clearly trying to sound casual. So she knows who I am, he thinks with a flash of pride, but then he thinks: Of course she does. It's probably not a good thing. She seems uncomfortable, and he makes very sure to flex his muscles – not enough for it to look conspicuous, just enough to make her uneasy and flushed. He just can't help teasing her a little, as she stands there, probably feeling superior to him. If she only knew. "Want a sugar cube?" He offers her his hand, the sugar cubes piled up. "They're supposed to be for the horses, but who cares? They've got years to eat sugar, whereas you and I… Well, if we see something sweet, we better grab it quick." She clearly gets the double entendre. He sees in her eyes that she does exactly what he intended her to: For one split second she pictures herself in bed with him, and she hates herself for it. "No thanks ," she says to the sugar. "I'd love to borrow your outfit sometime, though." She can't hide her blush, even as she tries to answer him in the same way he talks to her. But where he's experienced and cynical, she's pure, so she can't. Not really. "You're absolutely terrifying me in that get-up. What happened to the pretty little-girl-dresses?" He wets his lips just ever so slightly with his tongue. He knows that drives women crazy. They imagine all the other places his tongue could be. He's not sure if Katniss does, though. Clearly, Peeta's tongue hasn't introduced her to the pleasures a tongue can provide. All she gives him, is a look that resembles – disgust? He's not used to it, to this kind of reaction, and it makes him uneasy. "I outgrew them," she says. Yes, you did. He takes the collar of her outfit and runs it between his fingers, to punish her just a little bit for the disgust she couldn't hide a moment ago. If she can me him uneasy, sure he can do the same for her. Unsettle her. To his surprise, she smells faintly of bread. His fingertips touch her skin, just for a second, and it's warm and soft. She doesn't flinch. "It's too bad about this Quell thing. You could have made out like a bandit in the Capitol. Jewels, money, anything you wanted." You could have been a whore, like the rest of us. "I don't like jewels, and I have more money than I need. What do you spend all yours on, anyway, Finnick?" "Oh, I haven't dealt with anything as common as money in years." He lowers his voice, his eyes never leaving hers. "Then how do they pay you for the pleasure of your company?" " With secrets," he says softly. He tips his head so that his lips are almost in contact with hers. "What about you, girl on fire? Do you have any secrets worth my time?" If only you knew mine, little Mockingjay. She blushes again. " No, I'm an open book," she whispers. "Everybody seems to know my secrets before I know them myself." "Unfortunately , I think that's true." She has no idea. No idea how true that is. He sees Peeta coming, his brow furrowed as he sees the two of them together. "Peeta is coming. Sorry you have to cancel your wedding. I know how devastating that must be for you." He tosses another sugar cube into his mouth and walks off, towards his own chariot. His heart is racing, and he doesn't quite know why. It's not love, he knows how that feels, it's not admiration, it's… awe. The chariots with the tributes from Twelve are after his in the procession, of course, and he's not able to look back at them . But when he hears the roar from the audience when a chariot enters the massive stadium, he knows it must be theirs. Immediately, every screen shows the two young tributes from Twelve, and he knows he was right. Cinna truly outdid himself. They're not on fire this year – instead, they are smoldering, glowing, like coal. Their hands are united. A team. They don't wave at the audience or even acknowledge that they are there, they just stand there. Superior, unforgiving. He has to give it to them, the tributes from Twelve do know how to put on a show. His chariot stops in front of the President, and he looks back as the glowing embers from Twelve approach and their chariot stops not far from his. If Katniss and Peeta realize that all eyes are on them, and they must, they certainly don't show it. He stares at her, mesmerized, feeling the roar from the crowd almost like a heartbeat. Steady, strong, life-giving. She provides that. This seventeen-year-old girl provides the force, the energy, the fire, that Panem needs to react. And in that moment, he knows that this – laying down his life for the girl on fire – is necessary. He will save Katniss Everdeen. And if he has to sacrifice his own life doing it, he will hold on to this perfect moment of smoldering coal and power as he dies.