something else." I lie smoothly on my way to the door. I wasn't going to trade it; I was going to sell it and help finance the baskets. "Are you sure?" She asks, trailing after me. "Yeah, it means more to you than it ever will to me." I barely finish the words before Madge's arms wrap around me. I'm surprised by the embrace, but after a second I hug her back. "Thank you, Peeta." She whispers into my shoulder. "If they draw my name, I'm wearing this into the arena. It can be my district token." I pull away from her and hold her at arm's length. "Hey, hey. Come on. It's your first year of getting tesserae; the chances of Effie calling your name are so low you should have nothing to worry about." Madge smiles and wipes a tear from her eye. "I better go get dressed." She glances down at the drab school clothes she's wearing and sees smears of flour that transferred from my clothes to hers. Then she looks, for the first time, at my clothes. "And you better get dressed too. Look how hideous you are!" We laugh and I head out the door and back to the bakery. All of the shopkeepers live above their shops so when I get back, I head in through the back kitchen door and up the stairs on the right. I bathe quickly and don my Sunday best. When we arrive at the square, my father gives Ashtan and I long hugs, my mother gives us each a brief kiss, and Treyton claps us each on the shoulder. The flags for Panem and District 12 are flapping in the wind, high above the Justice Building. As I walk to the roped off area for the 12-18 year olds, in front of the temporary stage that's been erected in front of the building, I look up at the flags and watch a mockingjay fly by. I cluster near a group of other 16 year old boys and look over at the girls' side. Katniss hasn't arrived yet. Madge is already there, in a pretty white dress, her blonde curls held back with a pink ribbon, she looks like she's been crying. I see the pin glinting in the sunlight. Peacekeepers surround the stage and spread out around the square, dispersing among the crowd. I hate when the square is packed like this, the crush of bodies, the noise, it's so jarring and harsh. It doesn't help that the square sits right outside my bedroom window, so any time there is a street fair or public market I can't escape the noise. Finally, I see her. Katniss drops her sister off with the other 12 year old girls and goes to stand with the 16s. She looks broody, distracted and aloof, like she always does. She is wearing a dress I've never seen before, it's a soft baby blue that hugs her shape at the top and flares out just above the knees. It's modest but ultimately alluring, and the ornate braid in her hair looks sophisticated and classy. My heart starts to do its funny little dance and I barely hear the Mayor as he starts his annual speech about the history of Panem and how the Hunger Games came to be. I've heard the speech enough times that I could recite it by heart so I tune him out. I don't care about the famines, the floods or the fires. I don't care that they destroyed District 13 and defeated the other twelve. What I care about is the dead children at the hands of our government. With this being the 74th Hunger Games, the Capitol has murdered over 800 children in less than a century, all to keep its citizens controlled by fear and hunger. Mayer Undersee announces the name of our only living victor, Haymitch Abernathy, and he stumbles drunk on stage, landing in one of three chairs that were set up. I'm not surprised that he's even more plastered than when I saw him just two hours before. There is some scattered, half-hearted applause from the crowd and Haymitch leans over to Effie, the pink haired, white-faced, Capitol escort who will be taking the two tributes to the Games. Effie scoots as far over in her chair as she can while Haymitch tries to hug her, but the tight, green dress she's wearing is hampering her movements. Annoyed and frustrated with the debacle that Haymitch is making of the ceremony, the Mayor announces Effie Trinket, who gratefully jumps up off her chair and scurries to the podium. Despite being mauled by a drunk, Effie manages to plaster a smile on her face and calls out in her chirpy Capitol accent "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor!" When she says this, I hear the boy behind me mimicking her words. Like the Mayor's speech, it's something we've heard once a year for our entire lives; in the same effervescent voice, with the same sparkling smile. I try to pay attention to what she's saying but my focus keeps drifting to the right, where the girls stand. Where she stands. A light smile touches her lips and I don't think she even knows it's there. I follow her gaze and see that Effie's wig is slightly off-kilter from the aggressive hug. She holds it in place with one hand and with the other, starts digging into the bowl with the girl's names. I glance at Madge, who is standing stiff as a board, her eyes wide with terror. Then I look at Katniss, whose face is as white as Effie's, and I can see her lips moving in silent blessing. I find myself lifting a blessing of my own. Not Katniss Everdeen. Effie walks up back to the podium and holds up the small piece of paper. Leaning close to the microphone she speaks loud and clear. "Primrose Everdeen."