I take my sleepwear and underwear off of the dresser and go into the bathroom. I change and take out my hair, I come out of the bathroom and with Peeta's help bag my wedding dress. I sit at the edge of the bed and start to cry as Peeta hangs my dress, I feel so weak. I should of just died when I was suppose to, Peeta should of won, he shouldn't be forced to marry me I'm no good for him but now were husband and wife and he's stuck with a heartless bitch. "Katniss" I feel Peeta's hand rest on my back "why are you crying?" I turn a bit and burry my head in his shoulder, he wraps is arms around me and I try to clam down. "It's-it's nothing really" "It does sound like nothing" "I'm just- I'm just sorry" "For what?" "Getting you in this mess!" "Katniss-" "No listen, I should of eaten the berries, I should of died and you should of went home and marry a girl who deserves a guy like you. I don't deserve you. Do you know what Haymitch told me?" He shakes his head "he told me that I can live a thousand life's times and never deserve you, he couldn't be more right. I am so sorry for everything Peeta" "Katniss what your not understanding is that I've loved you sense I was 5, 5 years old and if you would of died I would probably become a drunk or a hermit. I can't live without you and I'm glad you didn't die, please don't think that anymore" I take a deep death "Okay" I sit up and Peeta wipes the tear streaming down my face, I calmed down but the tears keep coming. Peeta picks me up and carries me to the middle of the bed and lays me down, I can't help but giggle a bit. "What?" He smirks. "That was fun" he laughs and I giggle some more. He gets in bed next to me and pulls me close, I rest my head on his chest and he wraps his arms around me. We lay in silence for a while, I feel very safe when we lay like this. I look up at Peeta, he's laying with one arm around me and the other around his head looking up at the celling. "Peeta?" "Yes?" "I can't help but think that you've saved my life many times but I hardly know a thing about you" he smiles. "What do you want to know?" "I don't know" he laughs "what?" "You want to know more about me but you don't know what" I chuckle a bit "Well I'm no good a talking" "Well now your lying" "What? How?" "Your wedding vows, they just came out no stutters or anything" I shrug "I don't know what happened there, it was a one time thing" "I doubt it" I roll my eyes and he smiles. "I'll start then, whats your favorite color?" "Green" "Mines orange" "Like that guys hair at the reception?" "No like sunset" I nod, that's a much better color. "How did you brothers find out about me" "Well I came home from school and I guess I was smiling to much so the tackled me and tickled me telling me they wouldn't stop until I told them why I was so happy. Eventually Graham gave up but rye didn't, he sat on top of me tickling me every time I said something other than what he wanted to know" "What happened? Did you tell him" "After I peed on him" "You peed on him?" I start laughing. "In my defense I warned him" "That's too funny" "And after that every time they saw you and I was around they would make kissing noises and hug each other. I'm surprised you never noticed" "I guess I'm oblivious to stuff like that" "You certainly are. As we got older they would make sex noises and you didn't even notice then" I laugh "Really?" Peeta nods and smiles. xxxXxxx All night me and Peeta shared stories and laughs, we stayed in each other's arms all night. It's very comforting to have Peeta here with me. We just woke up and are very tired because we only got about 2 hours of sleep, our honeymoon is being filmed when were outdoors so the more tired we look the better. Right now me and Peeta are laying in bed the same way we were last night but our legs and fingers are tangled in each other's. "I'm so tired" Peeta complains "Were suppose to look tired" he gives me a confused look. "Why?" "Because on honeymoons you do activities in the bedroom all night, so it's good we look tired" "Activities?" I look at him a nod "Oh! Okay I get it now" I nod again, he tries to get up but I stop him. "I can't get up?" "No" "Why?" "Because I like this and I want to stay like this a while longer" he lays back down "What is...this" "I don't-I don't know but I like it" "Okay, than Ill allow it" "Your allowing things now?" "Yes, this is one if them but it's time to get up" he gets up but I lay there "so your not getting up?" "I am but whats the point of me getting up to go to the bathroom if your going to be in the bathroom?" "You can get dressed out here" "What about a shower?" "Were going to a ocean, that's your shower" I roll my eyes and roll over "okay then" Peeta picks me up "if your not going to wake up ill wake you up" "What are you doing?" He carries me to the bathtub and places me inside, he turns on the water. It's freezing! "I'm going to get you Mellark!" "Bring it Mellark" we both start laughing, I guess these 2 weeks won't be that bad.