up from the coma I've been under, since then. When I woke up, Lavinia was by my side. She was mostly healed already and told me that someone from the rebel's team found us after the pod detonated, and took us to a healing camp in Two. She told me that after she'd recovered some and the war was over, I was being returned to the Capitol's hospital to continue being monitored becuase i'd not awoken from my coma. She has told me everything she's learned, Katniss. I'm not ashamed to say that I wept, our of sadness, frustration, happiness at learning that Panem is free. But over all, I am so glad you're still alive and hope you are doing well. I still cannot find the right words to describe how I feel. Girl on Fire, I knew I was right to bet on you... but glad to have been proven right. I'm so incredibly proud of you, Miss Everdeen… my Mockingjay. Please know that I am alive, and well on my way to being well again. We are in the Capitol, where the healers have been working on a medical procedure that will allow Avox to re-grow our tongues. Can you believe it? I'm still not sure about any of it, at all. They assure me it is not without pain, but promise it will be effective. They will be trying it on Lavinia tomorrow and then, on me the next day. This new government is sounding like a dream come true. Yet, as weary as I am these days, i must admit that things are looking up. This new President Paylor seems like she's got the right idea of things, and I'm sure all the districts want to avoid any further bloodshed. I hope you are truly well and I hope to see you soon. All my love and affection to you, Katniss. -Cinna Sometime during the beginning of the letter, I figured out who it was from and tears welled in my eyes. Still, I continued reading all that he'd been through. By the time I read his name at the bottom, I was laughing through my sobbing. When I looked up to Haymitch through my tears, his face was a blurry mess. I blinked and wiped away as many tears as I could and saw that he was smiling. He asked if I was okay, but before I could answer that, I only had one question. " How soon can we get to The Capitol?" I asked desperately. " I already made arrangements before bringing the letter to you. We can be there by tomorrow night, Sweetheart." He told me with a satisfied smile. His response caused me to squeal in delight and I launched myself at him, hugging him tight. I was so beyond grateful to Haymitch. After a few seconds, he returned my hug, a little cautious at first, but just as tightly afterward. " Haymitch, I haven't said it anywhere near enough but, thank you. Thank you for all that you've always done and continue to do for me. It means more than I could ever express, truly." I told him sincerely, as I released him. He wore a smile but it wasn't as bright as it had been moments ago. I wondered why but felt like lightening the mood first. " I wish I knew why you do it … and spare me the "all part of the Mentor Package " spiel. You have always gone above and beyond for me. I just want you to know that, even if I haven't expressed it, I am grateful. And, I hope maybe one day you'll tell me why." I said softly. I saw the look on his face change and darken a bit and I thought I pushed too far or aid something wrong, until he released a breath I hadn't known he was holding. Then, he smiled and replied. " You're right, Princess. You've been a real package but I've never lied to you and have been genuine in my affection for your troublesome self. However, you're right, there is some more to it. Before you ask Katniss, I ask that you please give me some time to come up with the right words.' He sighed, before continuing. "This is the new Panem after all, and things are very different now. So, I'll come clean soon, I promise. Just, let me sort out my head first, okay?" He told or rather asked me. When I nodded at him, he then pushed me to pack quickly and told me we needed to be ready in an hour, reminding me to take extra clothing so we could head to Four for Finn's birthday, directly from the Capitol, after seeing Cinna. I asked him what I should do the the squirrels and hare I'd caught, and he said he'd take to the Hob. The people there could share it and I couldn't help but beam at him. As i packed as quickly as i could, I thought about how excited i felt to see Cinna again. I couldn't believe he was still alive, after everything. An hour later, I heard the hovercraft outside. I thought he'd bought train tickets, but it seems he'd arranged for a hover craft to take us instead. When we boarded, he told me being the Mockingjay had it's perks and for once, I agreed happily. While we traveled towards the Capitol, we talked about staying there until Cinna recovered. He assured me we could stay a few days and still make it to Four, in time for Finn's birthday. After a while I fell asleep next to Haymitch, with thoughts circling in my mind about what he might be keeping from me. Still, if there was anyone in my world that I can trust above all my friends, it's Haymitch. So, I decided not to press for more and decided I'd give him the time he asked for. x-x-x-x-x-x