"Yes it is. Can you come in my room for a second?" I reply. My mom walks into my room and hugs me a minute. "What's up, kiddo?" She asks. "Well, I have a date tonight, and I picked out an outfit that I think will work-" I show her my outfit. "Opinion?" I ask. She thinks for a second, then rifles through my closet to pull out a pair of black sequined heels that look perfect with the top. "Now you have an outfit." She smiles. I love my mom's smile. She looks even more youthful when she smiles. Anyone who's seen my mom says she looks exactly the way she looked in the Games, and for once, I agree. She has the same jet black hair and almond shaped deep grey eyes. And even though the games were 14 years ago, she still looks like she did then. I check my watch for the time, 6pm already. I go to my bathroom and shower quickly. Then I dry my hair and braid it down my back, like I've seen Katniss Everdeen's. I wonder if my mom will notice. Then I pull on my clothes and stand in front of my mirror. Of course, I look wonderful. I apply my green eye shadow and black mascara and my red lipstick, and then I'm out and down the steps. 15 minutes until my date. It takes 17 to get there, I remember. I try and shuffle out the door, but my mom catches me. "Elizabeth Rue Hirsch, what did you do to your hair?" My mom demands. "I braided it." I reply. "You know how we feel about you braiding your hair like that. People will think you're with District 12, and then we'll all get in trouble." My dad says, coming in next to my mom. "Fine, I'll fix it."I sigh. My dad smirks. It's his trademark thing. My mom said he did it all the time in the Capitol and in the games in general. He thought he was so hot back when he was 17. He still does. And I never argue with him when he says it. I undo my hair and pull it into a messy high ponytail. "I don't understand why I can't wear my hair like Katniss', but yet I have a middle name that is for the tribute from District 11." I sigh. "Katniss and I agreed that we would use the name of the tribute we felt most horrible about killing as the middle name for our first child. I chose Rue. Katniss chose Thresh." My mom replies. I walk out the door before my parents start an argument and in 17 minutes, there I am in front of Luke. "Sorry I'm late. My parents were giving me a hard time." I smile at him. He looks good. He's wearing a white shirt and black pants, looking like someone…someone important. Oh, now I remember. He looked like a mini Peeta. "Ready to go?" He asks. "Yeah. Do you know where we're going?" I ask back. "No." He says, blushing again. This time it's kind of cute. "I'll lead the way to somewhere."I laugh. I take his hand and guide him down into the town square and to the left, to a little restaurant I always come to. It's a sort of hangout for all the training tributes, otherwise known as the kids of all the Victors, some of which aren't kids anymore. A waiter takes us to our table and I order for both of us immediately, because I know what's good here. Luke doesn't seem to mind. We make some small talk and take about our home districts, him being originally from District 12 and then moving to District 13 after 12 was destroyed. "How old are you?" I ask. "I'm 14. How about you?" He replied. "I'm 14 too. I was born August 13th." I reply, glad that we have something in common. "I was born July 13th!" He exclaims. This is creepy. Peeta and Katniss' son was born a month before me. So is Luke. Must be a coincidence. "That's cool!" I think over all the information I have about Katniss and Peeta. I make a list in my head. They won the 74th Hunger Games. They have a son born July 13th. They live in District 13, but used to live in District 12. Their last name would be Mellark. That's all I can think of. "So, here's a weird question. I never found out your last name. What is it?" Luke asks. "My last name is Hirsch." I reply. "Like….Cato and Clove Hirsch?" He responded. "Yes. They are my parents." I chuckle. It's always funny when people first find out Cato and Clove are my parents. Luke bites his lip. "What's wrong? Oh,I know, you're starstruck from meeting a victor's child, right?" I say calmly. "No. That's not it at all. I am so sorry, Elizabeth. I have to go." He says, jumping up from his chair like it's on fire. "Why?" I ask, worried that I did something wrong. I had decided I like Luke, and that I wanted him to be my boyfriend. "We…we can't see each other anymore." He gasps; he's at a loss for words. We're now in front of the restaurant talking. "Why can't we?" I ask angrily. "We run in different circles." He says simply. "Just because I'm famous does not mean we can't date." I add. "Well, I'm famous too. My full name is Luke Thresh Mellark." Luke whispers to me. I take a moment to register this. He is 14 years old, like me. He is one month older than me, just like Peeta and Katniss' son. He has the same last name as Peeta and Katniss. His middle name is Thresh, like their son. He looks like Peeta. It all fits now. Luke is supposed to be my worst enemy. He isn't similar to Peeta….he's his son.