told him it would have to be after I had talked to Haymitch. He understood, he also noticed the look Haymitch gave me at the train station and understood that there was something important that Haymitch needed to say to me. He rose up from the table to help our mothers clear and wash the dishes. Surprisingly despite having a six and a half foot giant for a son, Hazelle Hawthorne was just over my height of 5''3, it was quite comical to see really, Gale towering over her by a full foot. It was comical to see most people stand next to Gale full stop. But regardless of his height Gale just had a look to him that screamed 'protector', that screamed 'dangerous', unless you knew better like I did. Gale may have an imposing stature but he was really just a boy- no man who wanted to best for his family. Underneath that exterior was a sweet guy, it just takes a certain kind of person to get through the carefully constructed walls of his heart. It was at that moment when Peeta decided that it was time for him to leave, I stood up to walk him to the door, ignoring the look that Gale shot me. You could never be sure with the Capitol, they have eyes and ears everywhere. Whilst I'm not certain they would take their time to bug my little house in the Seam you could never be too sure outside of it. I watched as Peeta very quickly made his goodbyes, undoubtedly wanting to get out of the house and avoid the glares that Gale's siblings and Prim were giving him. What was that all about? Another thing I didn't understand was the exceptionally long hug he gave Haymitch. I guess he told Haymitch to follow us because as soon as Peeta released him he rose from the table and began to walk out the door with Peeta in tow. I followed them out , knowing that I would have to talk to both of them sooner and why couldn't it be know? "Say it Haymitch." I said, just wanting to get to the main part of the conversation. "You need to go with the cousin thing sweet heart. Acting all lovey-dovey with Gale isn't going to go over very well with the Capitol, especially on the victory tour. You need to convince them that you're in love with Peeta. If you start with something, you need to see it through to the end." he said. "Wait?! If I start something? Do you think I wanted this? I never even had a choice in the matter, ever since the interviews the two of you have decided to paint me as some love sick girl and I've just had to sit there and take it so save my own ass. But I'm out of the games and I don't need to anymore." I fumed, angry with his accusation. "You may not care about saving yourself, but what about your family? What about the Hawthornes? What about loverboy?" he said, sneering the last part. It was almost as if the two of us had forgotten Peeta was here. "I'm not in love with Peeta, so I'd appreciate it if you stopped calling him that." "Oh I'm not talking about Peeta, I'm talking about Gale." "What?!" Now I was confused. "You really don't see it do you sweetheart? The kid's in love with you. Don't know how you haven't noticed it either. But I guess since you can't figure out your own feelings, you can't be tuned into any other person's." "Oh I know how I feel, I've told you several times. Both of you." I said, whirling towards Peeta and acknowledging him for the first time since this conversation begun. "I don't love you, and I don't think I ever will considering that the two of us are being forced to be together. Oh and I don't love Gale either" I added the last part as a side point, ignoring the massive eye roll it earned me from Haymitch. "I'm not being forced Katniss. I really do love you." Peeta said softly, as if this would solve all the worlds problems. I let out a bitter humourless laugh. "You love me?" I asked incredulously. "Based on what, you've only known me during the three months prior and during the games. How is that long enough to love me? You don't even know me. Even if you did you wouldn't understand because you're just like the rest of them Peeta, a townie who likes to think they know but they don't. OKAY! YOU DON'T KNOW ME!" I froze, shocked at the words that had come out of my mouth. "Peeta... I..." "Don't. Is that what you think of me?" he said turning away from me and probably going back to his home. Haymitch turned to face me and began a slow mocking clap. "Well done sweetheart, you've managed alienate your own chance of keeping your family alive. Fix it." he said, pointing towards me and beginning the long journey from the Seam to Victor's Village. I stormed back inside the house, slamming the door as I did so. Everybody turned to face me, I ignored them all, grabbing Gale by his shirt and pushing him out the door. He seemed to understand that I was in a mood so he just followed me, his already eerily silent steps being drowned out by my anger fueled stomping. It is a good thing we're not hunting otherwise we would've scared away all the game. We made it to our spot, a huge rock almost in the center of the forest and I sat down on it, silently fuming. I heard Gale sigh. "So, you going to tell me what's wrong Catnip? Instead of answering him I stood up and turned to face him on my tip-toes, grabbing him by his collar and crashing his lips to mine.