paintings of flowers. There is a jacuzzi and walk-in shower with glass doors. There are scented candles placed on the counter, emitting a lavender fragrance. I am braiding my hair when it happens. I am overcome with an intense anxiety that situates itself on my chest, gradually spreading to the tips of my very being. Clutching onto the marble counter, I struggle to breathe. I don't get anxious a lot; I'd like to consider myself as a calm, collected person who can compose herself quite easily. So in essence, I find it quite peculiar why I'm so frantic. Darting my eyes across the room, I try to figure out if there's simply poor ventilation or if there's something else in here that's causing my anxiety. Strangely, I am convinced it's the latter. I'm not one to believe in intuition, but I can sense someone watching me. I feel these eyes burning into he back of my head, watching my every move. And I'm so fucking afraid, I want nothing more than to leave this place. I want to be back with my friends, who somehow I believe can provide some security blanket against the invisible being that is stalking me. Accordingly, with only seconds to spare, I quickly change my clothes and dart out of the room. There is loud rap music vibrating the entire basement. I immediately feel at ease knowing my friends are only a few steps away. I pass the wine cellar and television room, following the voices in the game room. "Brainless!" Jo exclaims, who comes over with a cue in her hand. "Come play pool with us." She nudges me over to Blight, who bids me a hello. His long dark hair hangs over his hazelnut eyes, and he constantly has to swipe it away. I am about to respond with a no, but then two hands cover my eyes. "Finnick, I know it's you," I grumble. Swatting his hands, I turn to face him. "Who else would it be, Kat?" he says with a wink. I bet I'm looking unimpressed because then he stops laughing like a maniac. "I'd like you to meet my friends, Cato and Clove." He motions to a tall, muscular blond young man and a petite, dark haired girl. They give me a small nod in greeting, but nothing else. Then, they turn their backs to play a game of darts. "Sorry about them," Finn says quietly, leaning over to my ear. "I invited Thresh to come join us at the cottage, but then Cato overheard and I thought it'd be rude to not invite him. And he, of course, invited Clove." I nod my head in understanding, but truthfully, I don't see how it's a problem just to say no. "Has Gale come yet?" I ask. Madge suddenly comes to my side and replies for Finnick. "No, not yet. He hasn't been picking up my calls or replying to my texts." Her face is etched in concern as she skims through her text messages. "He'll be here soon. He's probably on the way," I tell her encouragingly. Finn nods in agreement, squeezing Madge's shoulder. "Hopefully," Madge says quietly. Finnick takes a seat on a leather recliner. "So now we're waiting on Gale, Thresh, and Glimmer." I peer over to the clock hanging on the burgundy wall. 8:30. "Then we can have dinner." "I'm fucking starved, Finn!" Jo yells from across the room. "Let's just eat without them." Blight then whispers in her ear, to which Jo scowls. I avoid mentioning what happened to me in the washroom. Instead, I take a seat between Finnick and Annie on the couch in silence. I find no point in bringing up my unexplainable anxiety, especially since it's probably due to homesickness or something of the like. There was nothing in the washroom, nobody was watching me. I saw it for myself; I was completely alone in there. So how could someone be stalking me? It's impossible. I'm likely nervous that I'm far away from home or tired because of the long road-trip. My vision of a winter fairy-tale quickly turns into a horror film. Suddenly, I hear heavy footsteps coming down the stairs. I'm not sure who I was expecting to come down the stairs, but I'm relieved to see two familiar faces. A concerned Peeta appears, along with an equally worried Annie trailing behind him. I glance over their appearance, noting that there is a paper crumpled in Peeta's tightened fist. His face is flushed and eyes wide with fear. "Peeta?" Finnick walks over to him, grabbing his shoulders. "You okay?" Peeta shakes his head vigorously, and opens his palm. Finnick takes it cautiously, weighing it in his hands. "What is this?" "Read it," Peeta tells him vaguely. "Someone slipped it under the main door." The room falls silent, all the chattering to a halt. The music is still playing, but nobody bothers to turn it off because we're all crowding around Finnick and Peeta to see what's going on. Finnick raises his eyebrows. He brings the paper to his face to read it. I try leaning over to find what it says, but Blight is blocking my view. "What the hell?" Finn murmurs, turning the page on the other side. His usual cheerful, playful persona is immediately switched into a very serious one. "Who put this here?" Peeta shrugs. "I was walking down the stairs when I found this on the floor." "I was with him," Annie pipes. "The door wasn't even open. Somebody probably came from the front and slipped it through." "Did you see anyone?" Finnick asks. Annie shakes her head solemnly. The paper is passing along the group. Everyone's faces are distorted in either fear, concern, anger, or simply indifference. Finally, I've had enough of the suspense and I snatch it out of Madge's hands. It is wrinkled, most likely ripped out of a notebook. In neat, capitalised letters is written: YOU WILL BE DEAD BY MONDAY.