up. "I know," Bowen says shyly. "Well, I mean, I saw your name on a lot of the plaques in the school." "Yeah, I was alright." Peeta replies modestly looking down at his plate smiling slightly. "Oh, he was better than alright. He was top in the school, only losing to family." I jump in, my words sounding very similar to ones said many years before. Peeta winks at me and smiles. "How did you do in the annual tournament?" Peeta questions. "Last year, in year nine, I got fourth. But my coach thinks I've got a shot at improving that this year. The tournament is next month." Bowen says. "Well, we will have to come and watch. It's been a long time since I've seen a match." Peeta exclaims before taking a bite of his stew. "Yeah, that would be great, Mr. Mellark." In this moment, I see the worry disappear from not only Bowen's face, but Aspen's as well. The rest of the dinner is filled with relaxed chatter and laughs. We learn more about Bowen and the person that he is. He is a straight-A student who has a love for reading. He is the oldest of his family with two younger sisters. His family also owns the baby boutique in town; the same place we'd bought almost everything for our two children when they were infants. "So, how did you two meet?" Peeta finally asks the question that I'd been just too timid to ask all dinner. They both look at each other and chuckle; their faces filling with blush. "Well…" Bowen begins, "after years and years of begging… I finally agreed to go out on a date with her." Aspen instantly elbows him in the ribs. "Try again." Bowen playfully smiles at her. "I'm only joking. I've noticed your daughter since year seven. But I only recently worked up the courage to ask her to go out with me. Your daughter is a really special girl." I look at Peeta and he looks at me and we both grin at each other. In this instant, a million memories fly through my head. I remember carrying Aspen through the front door, swaddled in a tiny blanket; bringing her home for the first time after giving birth to her. I remember her saying her first word and learning how to crawl for the first time. I remember tasting her first batch of chocolate chip cookies that she so eagerly baked with her daddy. I remember the first time she kissed the top of Calum's head after we'd brought him home. I remember her first day in the woods and her first day of kindergarten. I remember when she dashed off into the school, only to turn right around and speed into my arms, to tell me that she loved me. I remember the first time she'd shot a bow and arrow. Her first time riding a bicycle. All of those milestones and memories seemed a thousand years old, yet at the same time, feel as though they'd just happened yesterday. I have watched my daughter grow in front of my eyes. I have watched her transform into the brilliant young woman that she is today, and she is so beautiful. Now I sit here with her, thinking about how she's brought a boy into our home for the first time, and how I could not be more proud of her. Many mothers have told me that they have tried to steer their children away from any dating relationships they have formed. But I will not do that. I look next to me and see my husband; we were there age when we had our first kiss together, how different things were back then, how blessed we are now. I know that at sixteen, love can exist, so I will not be one to control a heart that is not even mine. I look at her and know that she is not a baby anymore. I make myself understand that no matter what happens, no matter how many times her heart breaks and how many "true loves" she finds, Peeta and I will always be her first love and it's a love that will never come undone or be broken. When the evening draws to a close, Peeta and I sit in our living room while Aspen walks Bowen out and down the path. The sky is dark except for the illuminating stars and our porch lamp. They walk slowly side by side down the gravel until there is no more path to walk. Peeta and I watch as she faces him; their words much too quiet for us to hear, but they were not meant for us anyways. Then suddenly, he leans down and places a kiss on her cheek. It is so innocent and so pure. I look at Peeta and expect perhaps a shocked or angered look on his face, but instead he only smiles. "Do you think I scared him off?" He asks me. I chuckle and look into his blue eyes, that in no way shape or form can ever appear to be truly deadly. "Judging by that," I say, motioning to our daughter, "I'm going to go with no." He chuckles at my response. "I like him Peeta." Both of our heads turn back to the window. Our daughter now walks the path back to our house alone. Her arms are gently crossed over her chest and she stares up at the sparkling sky. Her blue eyes seem brighter and there is no escaping the beautiful smile that has spread across her face. She is happy and there is no mistaking that. "I like him too." He finally says. Thank you all for reading! Be sure to leave me a review, they are always a great motivation for me to write! Also if you are interested please check out my two newest full length fanfic's- Letters to Annie and Mockingjay: Katniss Hijacking.