saw it as a drop in ratings. She was so small. She wouldn't have lasted through the bloodbath that was the Hunger Games. As I thought about her death, I wondered if I had truly accepted my fate. If I had yet to come to terms with the fact that at the end of all this, there was a possibility that I wouldn't make it. I shook the thoughts from my mind. I couldn't think that way. I had to be strong; for Prim, for my mother, for Gale, for me. I couldn't let the games destroy what little hope I had left. I continued to stare out at the city; letting the wind whip through my hair. I didn't know why I'd decided to take my braid out, but I was grateful that I did. The warm air careening through my scalp felt amazing. It made me smile. It was the first time I'd smiled since the reaping. Being up there made me forget that my possible demise was only a few days away; and it felt good to forget. I continued watching the primped and polished citizens of the Capitol, giggling mirthlessly at their antics. I was so preoccupied with watching them that I wasn't paying attention to my surroundings. A warm pair of arms circled around me from behind, making me shriek in terror. He chuckled. "Well, well, well. If it isn't my favorite little archer." "Cato! You bastard! Let go of me!" I said as I thrashed wildly against him. The chuckling ceased immediately, replaced by a guttural moan. He turned me to face him; those steel blue eyes looking through me. My breath hitched as he leaned in closer; gripping the bar on either side of me, cutting off my escape. "Hmmm. I think I like the sound of you screaming my name, fire-girl." He said as his eyes traveled along my semi-exposed body. I blushed as I realized that the only clothing I was wearing was the pitiful excuse for a nightgown I was provided with by the Capitol; the silky material hugging my every curve. I shifted uncomfortably under his penetrating stare. "Damn, twelve. I'm starting to have second thoughts about this whole killing you thing." He leaned in closer, running his nose along my jawline. "I might need to have some fun with you first." He whispered. He kissed and nipped at a spot right below my ear causing me to hiss. I felt a warmth flow through my body and settle in my core as he continued his assault on my neck. I bit my lip, trying desperately to bite back the moan that was threatening to break through the surface. What the hell was I doing? Why was I allowing him to do this to me? Allowing him to touch me? "How 'bout it, twelve? Let me make you scream in the bedroom before I make you scream in the arena." I shuddered. I felt his hands starting to roam my body; squeezing at the more pliable parts of my anatomy. I fought hard trying not to lean into his touch; and I was fighting a losing battle. He was making me feel things that I had never experienced before; touching me in places that no one, not even I, had touched. I closed my eyes and leaned against his shoulder as he continued to assault me with his hands, mouth, and tongue. I briefly envisioned myself sprawled underneath him, writhing in pleasure; screaming his name. "That's it, twelve. Give in to me, baby." He breathed harshly before slamming his lips against mine; capturing them in a searing kiss. I was almost there; almost at the brink of surrender. I had forgotten about the impending doom that this boy…this man was threatening to bring upon me in the few short days that would signal the beginning of the games; completely forgetting he was my enemy. Was one night of passion worth my life? Worth Prim's happiness? No. I pushed at him with all my strength; almost to no avail. He gripped me tighter, kissing me harder; biting at my lips, causing me to hiss at the brief sting of pain. It was almost as if he enjoyed my discomfort. It took every ounce of me to rip my lips from his. "Stop! Stop it!" "No." He growled. Kissing furiously down my neck, down to my collar bone; slipping the strap of my nightgown over my shoulder. "Cato! Stop! We can't do this." "Yes. We can." He said between the kisses he planted down my upper body. "Please." I whispered. He halted his ministrations immediately; growling as he pushed me away from him. "Get the hell out of here then, twelve!" He bellowed. That asshole! Before I retreated to my room, I reached back and slapped him with all of the strength I could muster; the sting of the slap reddening my palm. "Fuck you." I stormed away from him; jabbing the elevator button. Before I had the chance to step in, I was forcefully pushed into it. I braced myself for impact but found myself suspended above the ground. In moments he had me pinned against the elevator wall, face first as he mercilessly ground his pelvis into my rear end. "Don't worry fire-girl. I plan on fucking you senseless. Whether here, or in the arena, you will be mine." The elevator dings and opens on my floor. "I think this is you." He spins me toward the now open doors and smirks as I lose my footing, stumbling out of the elevator. "You're such an asshole." He smirked. "Thanks, baby. Didn't know you cared. Good night." The doors close and I run to my room on shaking legs. I close my door and turn to find Peeta sitting at the edge of my bed. We gawk at each other before he utters a single word. "So? Have fun?" I sigh. This is so not what I need right now.