glare of the white room's harsh lighting. "When was that?" he asked, this tone neutral. Peeta could tell he kept himself a careful blank to his patients. Wondered what he was like when he wasn't being a reflecting glass for someone else's recovery. What a strange job to have. Peeta could scream his head off about the most terrible things and that tone would never change. He had, in fact. "When I was ten," Peeta said. "Up 'til that point I really thought she was… the way she was because of something I'd done. I kept trying to figure out how to be better. How to stop making her mad. But then I was standing in the kitchen peeling potatoes and she just hit me. Out of nowhere. She screamed about how I wasn't doing it right." He paused. "But I was. It was just a stupid excuse. I looked at her and I thought – she's crazy." He rubbed his neck, remembering her fingers digging into it, thinking about the way his fingers had dug into someone else's neck. "I wasn't even angry, I was just sad." "What made you think of this today?" Dr. Lewis asked. "Gee, I don't know. Maybe because I'm crazy now too?" His tone wasn't very nice. But the doctor wanted honesty, right? "You've been unwell for a while now, Peeta," the doctor said. "But you thought of this today. Now that you're improving, even." "But I wasn't unwell before," Peeta said, like he was explaining to an idiot. "You have to be a person to be unwell. I wasn't unwell," he ground out, "I was an experiment ." "You never stopped being a person," Dr. Lewis said. "Maybe philosophically. But practically?" Peeta raised his eyebrows. "Doctor, would you still be a person if no one was treating you like it?" "I take your point," the doctor said. "Yes. And now that I'm a person again - it's pretty clear what kind of person I am, isn't it?" he said, driving at the point. "The apple doesn't fall far from the tree." "You have a choice about that." "You really think so? When I can't even be sure what I'm going to do?" He wasn't going to confess about the suicidal thoughts. That might get him thrown back into the white room. But he kind of suspected that was his only real choice. And he couldn't make it. Katniss – he thought around the name slowly, grateful to have it in his head without exploding. Katniss said she'd abandoned him. Given up hope. And he'd stupidly, selfishly resurrected that hope. What had he been thinking? If he hadn't done that, he could have checked out the first chance he got without hurting her. Now she'd be forever bound to a crazy person. Because that was what she was like when she loved someone; she'd do anything to protect them. He pressed his fingers into the bruises on this wrist and wished he could take it all back. He'd bound the truest heart he'd ever known to someone who could go off on her at any moment. "I don't think there's anything more pathetic," he said, "than not being able to stop yourself from hurting the people you love." "I can't diagnose your mother," the doctor said. "But I have diagnosed you and I can tell you that you do have a choice about your own recovery. You have a choice and you have the tools here to support that choice. I will work with you to make sure you're safe." Empty platitudes. Nothing would happen to anyone the doctor loved if Peeta lost it again. "Now that I have a room," Peeta said, "can I tell you to leave it?" "Yes," the doctor said. "Though if you make a habit of breaking appointments your living situation will have to be reevaluated." "But once isn't going to do that." "Not once, no." "Okay," Peeta said, "then get out." It sounded harsh to his own hears and he felt badly over it. That was going too far, even for someone whose job it was to take his shit. "Please," he added. "I'll see you tomorrow," the doctor said, and left. Peeta looked at the door long after it had closed. He could tell people to leave now. That was another choice he had. xXx On Sunday morning he was jolted awake by Johanna's voice sing-songing, "Rise and shine, lover boy!" Loudly. He yawned, stretching. When his eyes could focus, he glared up at her. "What are you doing?" "I heard you finally got out of that hellhole. Get up – I'm taking you and your boytoys outside to breakfast." He sat up, frowning. "Um. Is—" Johanna held up her hand. "No, don't say it. Let me guess. Is the noble icon of our glorious revolution going to be there? That's what you want to know, right?" He nodded. He'd planned on taking all his meals in here just in case. "No! Why do you think I'm doing this at the ass crack of dawn? It's to avoid her. And the inevitable drama she drags with her everywhere she goes. Now, get up." "Do you mind if I go to the bathroom first?" he asked with exaggerated politeness. "Whatever, but hurry up," she raised two hands, each with a pill cup, and shook them at him, "before I get our crazy pills mixed up." He ducked into the bathroom and took care of necessities. When he came back out, she said: "Can we go now? You done prettying yourself up?" "I have to ask them to restrain me first," he explained, heading for the door panel. "Oooh, kiiiinky ," she drawled. "Nooo," he volleyed back, mimicking her, " saaaafety ." "Oooh," she replied, " toooouchy ." And with that she got the final word in because it was just too damn early to come up with a suitably childish riposte. Peeta laughed, not minding one bit. -end-