ended things with Cato…" Katniss flushed. She'd never told her mother or even her sister why she had abruptly stopped seeing Cato Ableman, the man she'd dated for a few months after graduation. She'd been too ashamed. She'd discovered that Cato had been involved with both her and a former classmate, Clove Sanders, at the same time. That had been demoralizing enough, but when she investigated further she learned that Cato and Clove had taken things much further than simple "dating." When Katniss had confronted Cato, he'd not only admitted it, but he blamed her for it. "I have needs , Katniss. Clove's on fire; she's not an ice queen like you." Enraged, Katniss had told him exactly what he could do with his needs . But the entire situation had left her feeling stupid and naive, doubting her own attractiveness, and suspicious of every man who showed the least interest in her. She couldn't help but wish that her father were still alive to set Cato straight about how a young man should treat a woman he claimed to care about. In her most despairing moments she had even given into her baser feelings and fantasized about her father beating Cato up. It didn't help that her mother kept mentioning her former boyfriend, implying that Katniss had made a mistake in breaking up with him. Her mother had seen Cato as a "catch" because his family was well off. His father was a well-known stone carver whose work was displayed throughout Panem. Cato would take over that business one day. Eager to change the subject, Katniss asked, "What are you going to tell Prim?" "I'll tell her about the wedding and the move to Twelve," her mother replied. "But please don't mention my diagnosis. I'll tell her later, after we get settled in Twelve." Reluctantly, Katniss agreed. Letters flew back and forth between the newly engaged couple. While Henry Mellark was eager to wed Lily, the Everdeen's had loose ends to tie up before they left Two, including the sale of the contents of their household. Lily also insisted on the purchase of some new clothing for all three of them so they would appear presentable when they arrived in Twelve. By mid-August they were ready to go. They got on the train at night. It was easier that way because they couldn't see the home they were leaving behind. Prim sat next to their mother. Katniss sat across the aisle from them. She fell asleep, rocked by the train hurrying down the rails. She was dreaming of the woods in Two when a scream awoke her in the early morning. Prim! Katniss' eyes flew open. She was confused for a moment because she didn't recognize her surroundings. She lay in the reclined train seat. The conductor was rushing down the aisle. Katniss turned to her mother and Prim. Her heart leapt as she saw her sister slapping their mother's face. "Wake up Mama, wake up." xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx The conductor notified the engineer who stopped the train on a siding so that Lily's body could be carried outside and then loaded onto the baggage car at the rear. Katniss moved to her mother's seat to comfort her sister. Her mind was reeling. What were they going to do when they got to Twelve? How could she ever repay Henry Mellark for the price of three train tickets? There wasn't much cash left. Where would they live? She held her crying sister, as numbness settled over her. She could think of only one solution to the mess in which they found themselves. It made her ill to think about. The train slowed as it got closer to the station in District 12. Alongside the tracks were thousands and thousands of dandelion puff-balls, ready to spread their seeds as soon as the wind began to blow. The buildings in the distance looked smaller and shabbier in comparison to those Katniss had grown up around, although the station ahead appeared quite modern. A few people were on the platform when the train came to a halt. Without an introduction, Katniss easily located Henry Mellark. A tall, broad-shouldered man with fair, wispy hair holding a bouquet of droopy pink lilies. He was dressed in a suit and flanked by two young men that Katniss guessed were his sons. One was as tall as his father, but much leaner. There was an air of impatience about him – as he shifted his weight from one foot to the other and crossed his arms. He wore a smirk on his narrow face. The other son was the shortest of the three men. His frame was stocky and his friendly face was broad. His longish, ash-colored hair, fell across his forehead in waves. He rubbed at the back of his neck with the flat of his hand. "What do you want us to do with her?" the conductor leaned in to whisper to Katniss. "I need to get off and make arrangements," she choked out. She pointed toward the Mellarks. "Let's get off, Little Duck." She reached for Prim's hand like she was three-years old, and set off down the aisle. She stepped down from the train and pulled Prim along. The temperature was warm, the air stagnant on the platform. She headed straight for the man with the flowers. "Excuse me, are you Henry Mellark?" The man nodded, a smile spreading across his face. "You must be Katniss and Prim." His eyes flickered nervously, shifting back toward the train car. "But where is Lily?" Katniss took a deep breath. "Our mother died in her sleep on the train last night." Prim inhaled deeply, a sob catching in her throat. Henry Mellark's face froze. He bit his lip as his eyes filled with tears. One hand flew to his temple and he rubbed his skin forcefully. "It's all right, Mr. Mellark," Katniss continued. "You'll still get a wife. I'll marry you." The tall son beside him gasped.