you are all my family now." A few tears fall down the side of her face and she wipes them away. Vick says he enjoyed living outdoors for such a long time. "Can I just live in the wagon forever?" He looks at Hazelle. "No, you can't," she laughs. "I think this trip has made you completely uncivilized." "I liked walking on the prairie with Katniss and Peeta," Posy says. "We enjoyed our walks with you, too," Peeta tells her. "I'm just happy that my girls pulled together under difficult circumstances," my mother states. "This has been a very trying journey, I know your father would be so proud of all of us." "I'd have to second that," Hazelle says. "Despite everything that happened, we are still a family and still close. That means a lot." No one says anything for a few minutes. We're all lost in our memories of the journey. "What about you Prim?" I ask. "What are you happy about?" Prims licks her lips and glances at Rory. Rory smiles and nods at her. Prim bites her lip and gets a funny look on her face, like she's trying so hard to be serious, but can't. "Rory and I are engaged." "Primrose Everdeen," my mother shouts. "You can't be engaged. You're too young." "Are you crazy?" Gale glares at Rory. "You're not even old enough to shave." "You're much too young to be making such a serious commitment," Hazelle adds. "We know we're too young," Rory admits. "But Prim isn't, not here in Oregon anyway. Not when she's worth 320 acres to any single man 18 or older. She promised to wait for me, until I get older." No one says anything for a while. Rory's explanation sounds logical given the circumstances. Prim's kidnapping at Fort Laramie and Casey Logan's request to court her are testimony to fact that Prim will likely be approached by other men looking for a wife in order to get free land. It's probably better to tell everyone she's betrothed, even if it's going to be a really long engagement. "You both have my congratulations," Peeta finally says. Eventually, the others also wish them well. The campfire dies out and everyone retires for the evening. We need our rest. Tomorrow is a big, big, big day. We are starting our adventures in Oregon. Epilogue – Five years later Despite the difficulties traveling to Oregon, the journey was really was the easy part. Settling into our new life proved more challenging. After we received our land grants from the commissioner in Oregon City, our party broke up to visit our individual parcels. Plutarch Heavensbee was right. The land of the Willamette Valley is rich and fertile. The Donation Land Act required we live on it for four years and cultivate it in order to own it outright. We ended up helping each other initially erect crude log cabins, although most of us spent the winter sleeping in the wagons. Besides the remarriage of Madge and Gale, we soon celebrated another wedding. My mother met a doctor when we arrived in Oregon City. His wife had died of cholera on the journey west. They didn't court for long. My mother moved to Portland to live with her new husband. She keeps in touch with Cinna and Portia who have opened a shop there. One day she met Thom on the street. He told her that his wife Leevy had died in childbirth at Fort Laramie. The baby died shortly, thereafter. Madge and Delly both gave birth to sons a couple of months after we arrived. My sister Prim went to live with Delly and Rye to help take care of the new baby, and do all their cooking. Later, Delly received cooking instructions from Sae, who lives nearby. Sadly, she still can't cook or bake. Prim married Rory when she turned sixteen. He was sixteen, also, and far too young to apply for free land. But he was able to buy land outright because the little rocks he found in the stream in the Blue Mountains, the ones that Gale wanted him to discard on the side of the road, were actually gold nuggets. They started their family early. At age nineteen Prim is already pregnant with her third child. Gale built a second house on his land for his mother Hazelle and his siblings. He has yet to regain all the memories of his lost year, but he has so many new recollections now with Madge and his three sons that he says it doesn't matter. Madge and I remain close. I'm so glad she played matchmaker for me. Even though I hated it at the time, it turned out to be the saving grace of my life. It wasn't easy for me that first winter in Oregon. The end of the journey meant I couldn't run anymore from all the happenings that had occurred in my life over the past year. Thinking on those things while living in a rainy, dark environment caused me to fall into a depression. If it wasn't for Peeta and his relentless cheerfulness, I don't know if I would have survived. But when spring came, and the dandelions bloomed in the meadow behind our log cabin home, my spirits slowly began to lift. By summer I was expecting our daughter. Peeta and I were farmers for four long years. Once the land was legally ours, Peeta turned to me and said he wanted to sell it. He wanted to move to town and open a bakery. It was an easy decision for me because I love the boy with the cake. Now we live above our shop with our daughter and newborn son. He still is sweet on me. Before we started on our journey, Captain Abernathy had told us that life is a daring adventure or it is nothing. I never dreamed of the adventures I would encounter when my father pointed our wagon west.