it would mean the end of my life as a schoolteacher, but I was more than ready to start the next chapter. "I'll allow it," I murmured, as I stood up and put out my arm to help him upright. He leaned forward to meet my lips. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Peeta and I were married the day after school ended. Pastor Odair officiated and the school board agreed to let us serve cake and punch in the schoolhouse to anyone in town who cared to celebrate with us. My mother and step-father attended the small ceremony, but my sister Prim was unable to join us as she was expecting her first child. I missed her sorely, but Peeta promised that we would visit her after the baby was born. Phyl offered his congratulations at our engagement, but his felicitations seemed contrived to both of us. In light of his brother's previous offer of marriage to me, Peeta thought it best that we move out of his family's home after the wedding. He said it disturbed him that his brother had wanted to marry me. While I was sure Phyl's offer had been made for strictly practical reasons, it secretly pleased me to see Peeta's possessiveness. I'd never imagined that someone would be jealous for me. "And while I love Rye and Willow dearly, it's not our responsibility to care for them in the evenings either," Peeta pointed out. "We will be newly wed. I want you all to myself Katniss." Fortunately there were rooms above the bakery that Peeta's parents had lived in when they first married that were available to us. As we left our wedding party to commence our honeymoon Peeta turned to me in the carriage and gave me a sly grin. "I guess you've finally met the man who was looking for a prickly woman." I laughed at my husband. Over our short engagement we'd become so at ease in sharing our feelings with each other that I didn't hesitate to make a joke that would have been in very poor taste just weeks earlier. "Don't make fun of me Peeta, or I'll hide your leg this evening after you fall asleep." "You're funny, Katniss, if you think I have any plans of sleeping tonight." His self-assurance made me blush. But I was as eager as he to begin that portion of our new life together. A life that would bear witness to the fact that in spite of loss it can be good again. Author's Notes: One-room schoolhouses, in which students of all ages and skills attended, were common in the United States in the nineteenth century. Teachers tended to be young, unmarried women; in fact married women were forbidden from teaching. The job paid poorly and the majority of teachers boarded with the families of students. Some states required teachers to have at least a year of specialized training, other states mandated that teachers only pass a written exam. The school year varied in length from 29 to 41 weeks; the schedule was set by each school district. The U.S. Civil War was fought from 1861-1865. English writer Jane Austin's (1775-1817) romantic novels were steady sellers in the 19 th century, although they were not bestsellers. McGuffey readers were the most popular and best-know schoolbooks in American education. The author, William Holmes McGuffey started his teaching career at a one-room schoolhouse when he was fourteen years old. Years later, when he was a college professor, he worked with a publishing house to compile the first four McGuffey readers. The series consisted of stories, essays, poems, and speeches that emphasized strength, character, goodness, and truth. It's estimated that 120 million readers were sold between 1836 and 1960. While school hours varied at every school, most one-room schools were in session from 9:15 a.m. to 4 p.m., with a lunch break of at least an hour to allow students the opportunity to eat at home. Harpers New Monthly Magazine first began publishing in 1850. The magazine featured the work of American artists and writers. It is still in operation and is now know as Harpers Magazine . The churchyard (the land surrounding a church) was the most common burial site for the dead in the nineteenth century; however, people who owned property often had a family plot on their land. The 16 th volunteer regiment from Connecticut was mustered in 1862. It was made up of men from some of the best and most well-off families in Hartford County. The men were barely trained and were ordered into battle at Antietam on September 17, 1862. Within minutes, the 16 th volunteer regiment lost a quarter of its men. Later in the war, almost all the remaining men in the 16 th volunteer regiment were captured and sent to prison at Andersonville, where a third of that number died of disease. The Battle of Antietam (or The Battle of Sharpsburg, as it often called in the South) was the bloodiest day in American history with more than a combined total of 22,000 casualties from both sides. At the beginning of the U.S. Civil War the North relied on volunteers to make up the military. Two years later, President Abraham Lincoln issued a draft, however men could hire a substitute to take their place or pay $300 to get out of the obligation. Connecticut is called the birthplace of mining in America. Currently there are over 600 abandoned mines in the state. In the 1800s, miners searched for copper and barite. The Arrow and the Song by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow was published in 1845. Although the exact total isn't known, it's estimated that doctors performed around 60,000 amputations during the U.S. Civil War. Many were done without anesthesia. Almost 150 patents were issued for artificial limb designs between 1861 and 1873, as the industry expanded because of the veteran population. In 1862, the U.S. federal government allocated soldiers $75 to buy an artificial leg and $50 for an artificial arm.