don't have time to argue. Let's go to the Hob and find Sae. It's getting late." Later, when Katniss was home with her mother and Prim, and eating her dinner of roasted rabbit, she wondered if what Gale had said was true. Was Peeta staring at her? If he was, she knew it had nothing to do with him liking her. It was because of the bread. When she was eleven years old, Peeta had tossed her a loaf of burned bread that had literally saved her family from starvation. Ever since then she'd occasionally catch him looking at her. But in the past year, as they neared graduation from school, the staring had gotten worse. In fact, other people were calling her attention to it. Only last week, Madge had told her that Peeta was looking at her while they were eating lunch. Now Gale said he was staring today. She knew she had been wrong in failing to thank him for the bread. That must be the reason – he wanted a thank-you. But it had been seven years already. Couldn't he let it drop? Was he that concerned about her poor manners? xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Peeta Mellark was the last thing on Katniss' mind the next day. The talk of the school was the Capitol woman who was staying at the mayor's house and apparently doing fieldwork for a new television show. Usually Katniss and Madge ate lunch alone together. It had been that way for years. Both were rather quiet and sometimes they sat without speaking for the entire lunch period. But today, nearly every girl in the senior class was huddled around their table as Madge gossiped about the strange pink-skinned woman named Fulvia Cardew. According to Madge, Fulvia was going to make a television star out of a lucky girl in District 12 in a new show designed to unite the country in the same way The Hunger Games did. All Madge knew about the show was that the girl would be go to the Capitol and interact with people from every district. Katniss had no idea how the silly show that Madge described could in any way be compared to The Hunger Games . She couldn't image anything more boring. She knew she shouldn't complain because boring television was far better than absolute terror, but she wished the government would just leave everyone alone. "How are they going to pick the girl?" asked Delly Cartwright, a pasty-faced merchant girl with a lumpy figure. "Miss Cardew didn't say." Madge twirled her strawberry blonde around the end of her finger. Judging by the interest of her classmates, Katniss suspected that every girl at the table, other than herself, was interested in being selected. The conversation died out after a while, after Madge had divulged everything she knew, which wasn't much. The girls who had hung onto Madge's every word got up and moved themselves to their usual lunchtime tables, leaving Madge and Katniss alone. They both ate silently for a while until Madge spoke. "She asked about you." "What are you talking about?" "Miss Cardew asked me if I knew a girl who dressed in a leather jacket and carried a dirty bag over her shoulder and wore her dark hair in a braid down her back." "Oh." The strange woman must have noticed her when she and Gale had stood outside the bakery spying on her. Gale had mentioned that she had turned her head to see what Peeta was looking at. "I guess I look very different from the girls she sees in the Capitol." "I guess," Madge shrugged. "I wonder if she'll pick you." Katniss laughed. "I don't think so. Besides I'd never do agree to something like that." "Why not Katniss? It's a ticket to a brighter future. It could lead to all sorts of opportunities. What do you plan to do after graduation anyway?" Katniss frowned. She'd been putting off thinking about her future for some time. She didn't have much to look forward to except a lifetime of work. As daughter of the mayor, Madge was guaranteed a job in the Justice Building, helping to administer the governmental affairs of District 12. Likewise, merchant girls were trained to work in their family's business. However girls from the Seam, like Katniss, had only one real option, working in the mines. There were rumors that the new government was going to open a factory to make medicines, but it hadn't happened yet, so Katniss couldn't count on that as possible employment option. And with the forest being overrun with hunters, she couldn't count on hunting as a reliable means of employment either. Additionally, many of the girls in her class were already planning their weddings for the upcoming summer. People married young in District 12 because life was hard. Most people were lucky to live past sixty. Sae was probably one of the oldest people in the district. Katniss didn't have a sweetheart. Her only male friend was Gale but he'd never expressed any interest in her as anything more than a hunting partner. It didn't bother her, though, because until the government was overthrown three years ago she'd never even considered a future that included marriage and children. She didn't want to live in fear of her children being reaped. That worry was gone now. But still, she wasn't sure if marriage was for her. She'd seen how her mother had fallen apart when her father had been killed in a mine explosion seven years ago. Katniss knew it would destroy her to love someone and lose them like that. It was easier not to care about someone in that way. "I don't know, I suppose I don't have much of a future," she admitted to Madge. She'd never been a person to think much further ahead than the next couple of days. "Well, maybe you do." A small smile had formed on Madge's lips. "Someone's staring at you again." Katniss scowled.