At first they talked of her journey but then he began to tell her about the Pony Express. "The division manager stopped by last week and offered us a chance to be on the route," he explained. "He'll pay us to house a rider too. He talked to Vick. He said he'd consider hiring him." "Is Vick living with you now?" Vick was Gale's fifteen-year-old brother. "My brother Rory brought him out here last fall before he took off to mine for gold in the Rockies. Vick wasn't getting along with my mom's new husband." Gale's family had moved from Illinois to Kansas Terrritory almost six years earlier. Unfortunately her uncle had died unexpectedly less than a year after the move. Her aunt had managed the farm with the help of her sons, but her remarriage to a man very different from her sons' father had driven her boys to seek their fortune elsewhere. "We're here," Gale announced suddenly. Katniss stopped and looked ahead, past the tall grasses. In the moonlight she saw a large sod house with a small window. An iron stovepipe stuck up a foot above the roofline. The area around the house looked well-tended, with a spot for a garden already outlined with stakes and string, even though the ground was still frozen. To the side of the house was a small shelter and pen that was likely home to Gale's livestock. A woman's touch was evident in the neat appearance. It made Katniss all the more curious about Madge. Gale shouted as they got closer and after a moment a woman with light-colored hair stepped outside holding a lit candle. The other hand rested on her protruding belly. She lifted one hand and began to wave. Gale waved back. Madge walked out toward them. She was followed by a thin young man, who was obviously Vick, with his dark hair and handsome Hawthorne looks. "Madge, this is my cousin Katniss," Gale said to his wife. "Katniss." A puzzled look came over the woman's face. "You've been calling her Catnip. What is it?" Katniss blushed. "Catnip was a childhood nickname. I'd prefer to be called Katniss now." Madge nodded. "Katniss it is then." "I'll check on the animals before I turn in," Gale said. "Madge can show you the house." He handed Katniss her satchel and headed toward the shelter. Vick followed him. Madge grinned and led her inside. The interior was a stark contrast to the disorder of Mellark Ranch. Although the floor was dirt, muslin material covered the sod walls and even the ceiling. It made the room appear to be glowing in the candlelight. At one end was a sectioned off area divided by curtains. "That's where Gale and I sleep," Madge explained. Katniss' cheeks grew warm at the thought that a simple curtain divided the married couple from the rest of the cabin. A small daybed was pushed against another wall with blankets folded on top. "You'll sleep there," Madge said. "What about Vick?" Katniss blurt out. "He'll sleep on the floor. We've already eaten, would you like something?" Katniss shook her head. Peeta's bread had been so hearty that she was still full. "Well then, why don't you go into Gale's and my room and change into your nightclothes. I'll show you everything else in the morning." Katniss pulled the curtains aside and stepped into the tiny sleeping area. She set her satchel down on top of the bed, which was covered with a colorful patchwork quilt. She had pulled her nightdress from her bag and began to unbutton her dress when she heard Gale's voice. "Where's Catnip, er Katniss?" His voice was low. "Changing for bed," Madge said softly. "You didn't tell me she was so pretty." Gale laughed. "She's my cousin. I don't think of her like that." "She'd make the perfect wife for Darius. The last time he was here he was talking about how lonely he is." Katniss stomach dropped. Oh, no. "For crying out loud Madge, she just got here." "I know," Madge murmured. "But the house isn't getting any bigger and with a little one on the way…" Katniss took a deep breath. She hoped she hadn't made a mistake coming to Nebraska Territory. Author's Note: Usually when I write historic fanfiction it's easy to work THG characters into the setting because the theme is broad – journey on the Oregon Trail, the California Gold Rush, The Transcontinental Railroad. However in this story I'm taking liberties in playing with history because I am substituting a few fictional characters for some real-life people. For example, Haymitch Abernathy's job as supervisor of Division Two, which stretched from Ft. Kearny west to Horseshoe Creek in Wyoming Territory, was a real job held by a man named Joseph A. Slade. Rye's and Peeta's trading post and its location 80 miles west of Ft. Kearny is based on a real post operated by the Gilman brothers at that location. I want to make it clear, though, that this story is strictly a work of fiction. Besides characters from THG trilogy, it includes a few original characters of my own invention, plus a few people people who really lived. I will mention in the author's note when a character is a real-life person. William H. Russell, Alexander Majors, and William B. Waddell, the men credited with starting the Pony Express are real people. They owned a freighting company called Russell, Majors and Waddell that held the U.S. government shipping contract for all army forts and freight in the West. They also had a subsidiary business called Central Overland California and Pike's Peak Express Company that ran stagecoach lines from St. Joseph, Missouri, to Denver and Salt Lake City. Their combined businesses were equivalent to a combination of today's United Parcel Service (UPS), Federal Express, and Greyhound. If they lined up all the wagons they owned, the line would stretch for forty miles. They were uniquely equipped to start the Pony Express.