Peeta talking to someone in the other room. I leave my mother's room with Prim at my heels. Peeta has led Haymitch Abernathy, District Twelve's only living victor of The Hunger Games into our living room. The man holds a half-full bottle of white liquor. He puts it to his lips and takes a swig. "What's this about a toasting?" the man slurs. I roll my eyes at Peeta. "It's late and he was walking right by," Peeta explains sheepishly. "He's drunk," I point out. "Will he even remember it tomorrow?" A panicked look crosses Peeta's face. Haymitch guffaws. "I'm not that drunk. Now who's getting hitched?" "Peeta and I." I hold up the plate of bread. "Of course. He couldn't very well marry his sister." He points to Prim. "That's my sister." I say. "Right." He takes another swig. "Okay get on with it." I have only been to one toasting in my life when I was young. I'm not exactly sure how it goes. Peeta seems as confused as I am. "I think we toast the bread and feed it to each other," he says. "I've never paid attention because I'm usually setting up the cake." Weddings in town are big celebrations. There is food afterwards for the guests who witness the event and even a big cake. Even toastings in the Seam are special with the couple dressing up, and the serving of refreshments. But Haymitch already has his refreshment and Prim is ready for bed. This wedding is the simplest of them all. Peeta stabs each slice of bread with a fork and hands me one. He opens the door of the stove and we take turns toasting the bread over the coals. Once both pieces are browned we hold out our forks to each other. I am the first to take a bite. The bread is too hot and burns my mouth. I let out a tiny yelp of pain. "Are you all right?" Peeta asks. I shrug. He blows on the piece I'm holding and then takes a mouthful, chewing it thoughtfully. Within two minutes both of us have finished our slices of bread. Prim claps her hands. "You're married now." Haymitch asks about cake. "There's no cake," I tell him. "You married the son of a baker and there's no cake?" I'm surprised that he knows Peeta is related to the baker, but maybe the victor frequents the bakery. "It was sudden," Peeta says. "A toasting to get into her pants?" Haymitch asks. Peeta blushes. Haymitch looks at me. "If you really mean it, be sure to file paperwork at the Justice Department or it's not legal." We both nod. Of course we'll file. Prim and I will need someplace new to live soon. The victor gets up and leaves. "I'll sleep on the sofa tonight," Prim says. "No," Peeta says. "I should go." I wonder if he's still thinking about Haymitch's accusation about the hurried toasting. Prim yawns and goes back to our mother's room. "Thank you for saving me," Peeta says when she is gone. "You saved us too." A thought occurs. "Do you want me to be with you when you tell your mother." Peeta shakes his head vehemently. "Will she strike you?" He doesn't answer and I don't push. She's now my mother-in-law. I will need to learn to deal with her. "You should get some sleep," Peeta says. We are standing in the center of the room. Peeta bends down to kiss my cheek, but at the last second I turn my head and his lips are on my mouth. I let out a tiny sigh. My lips part and Peeta takes advantage of the opening. His hands are on my shoulders and then on the back of my hair as he pulls me closer. I am stunned by the intense sensations coursing through me. He breaks free of me all too soon, though, and buries his face into my neck. "I should go now," he murmurs. But the sensation of his hot breath on my neck sends shivers down my spine. I don't want him to go, not yet. "Come upstairs with me. For just a while." He pulls away from me and catches my eyes. I see something in his, something I don't recognize. "Just stay a bit longer," I plead. "Then you can go." He agrees and I take his hand and lead him upstairs to the bedroom Prim and I share. It used to belong to my parents because it is the largest. But after my father died, my mother insisted that Prim and I take it, and she moved to the tiny bedroom we had shared downstairs. I have no plans for Peeta in my bedroom, but I find myself not wanting to let him go. Now that he is mine, I want to put him somewhere safe where no one can hurt him again. Peeta shuts the door behind us. In the moonlit room I pull him onto the bed, the springs groaning loudly beneath us. In the recesses of my mind I know that Prim heard that noise, but I am beyond caring because Peeta's lips are on mine again. I sigh and give into this pleasure. We kiss for what seems forever and I feel a fire growing within me. Peeta's hands roam freely and I find myself instinctively pushing my lower body into his for some relief. He pulls away, leaving me discomforted. "I really should go," he groans. "Stay with me until I fall asleep," I say. "All right." His voice is husky. We reposition our bodies. I face the window and he curls up behind me and throws an arm over me. Our breathing slows and I find comfort in his embrace. Eventually I drift off to sleep. It is dawn when I wake. I am lying on my back. I reach out to my side. No one is there. Peeta has gone and I am alone.