"Everyone seems to be having a good time," Peeta said as he picked up the blueberry cobbler on the counter. Katniss nodded, wiping her forehead with a towel. She was feeling warm. Peeta leaned over and kissed cheek. "They'll be gone soon enough Katniss." His voice was low and suddenly she didn't feel like serving dessert to her guests. She was ready to kick them out of her house and go upstairs with Peeta. After dessert their guests seemed to have the same idea as Katniss and Peeta. With their bellies full, the two couples appeared in a hurry to leave. No one was interested in moving into the living room, drinking tea, and continuing their conversation. Both couples left together. As they were saying their goodbyes on the landing outside the front door, Katniss noticed the package that contained Peeta's art supplies sitting there. In her worries about the intruder, she'd forgotten all about it. "We should take your present in," Katniss said, as their guest descended the stairs. "I forgot all about it." "So did I," Peeta admitted. He carried it inside and leaned it against the living room wall, before going back to the front door to look across the lane at their neighbor's house. "What is it?" Katniss asked following him to the door. He looked across the lane. "It's odd." "What?" "Haymitch's house is completely dark." Katniss glanced over. Haymitch kept unusual hours. The man was generally asleep half the day and awake most of the night. It was strange that his house was completely dark at 9 p.m. at night. Generally the lights were on in every room as soon as the sun set. "Maybe we should go over and check up on him." Katniss groaned. She wanted to go upstairs with Peeta, not investigate their alcoholic neighbor. "Do we have to?" "No, we don't. But it would be the decent thing to do." Katniss frowned. She knew Peeta was right. Especially after Gale's conversation, although she doubted anyone would kill Haymitch. He was gladly doing that to himself. His sloppy lifestyle made him a candidate for trouble. "Maybe he left to visit someone?" "Who Katniss? He doesn't have any friends but us." Sadly, Katniss suspected Peeta was right. The Hunger Games winner was haunted by his time on that t.v. show. Katniss' mother, who had known the man in her youth, had always said that Haymitch had come home different than he'd left. "You're right," Katniss muttered, more to herself than Peeta. "Let's go now." The single lane that ran between the two rows of houses was well-lit despite the fact that only two houses were occupied. There were streetlamps every few feet that turned on at dusk every evening and went off at dawn every morning. It had been quite a novelty to Katniss who had grown up in the Seam that had no light after dark other than the stars overhead. Peeta, who had grown up in lodgings over the bakeshop was used to looking out over the square and seeing it lit up in the evenings. But even the town square was not as lit up as brightly as the Victor's Village at night. They were soon at Haymitch's door. "He never even came out for his package," Katniss noted. Peeta pounded on the heavy wooden door. No answer. "Where can he be?" he muttered. Peeta went down the stairs, with Katniss close at his heels. He circled to the back of the house, finding a window that was partially open. He put his hand out and pushed it open further. "I'm too big to climb in, but you can probably fit." Katniss winced. Climbing in the window of Haymitch's house was the last thing she wanted to do, especially while wearing a dress. "All right," she grudgingly agreed. Peeta laced his hands together and squatted. Katniss put one foot into his hands and he stood up lifting her to the window. She reached out with her hands to hold onto the frame and pull herself through. Peeta grabbed her waist, steadying her, and then pushing her forward. Katniss tumbled forward into the darkened room. She found herself landing onto a mountain of clothing that smelled of alcohol. If someone were to toss a match on it, she suspected it would burst into flames. "Katniss, are you okay?" "Yes." She stood up and peered out the window at Peeta. "Unlock the door so I can get in." "Right." She located the door and opened it to let Peeta in. Immediately Peeta reached for the light switch near to the door. Katniss blinked and gazed around the laundry area. She'd never been in this room of Haymitch's house before. It was a mess. Piles of dirty laundry everywhere. "It smells in here," Peeta said as he surveyed the room. "Let's find Haymitch." Katniss was eager to leave the foul odor behind. Peeta led the way into the kitchen and turned on the light. The room wasn't any cleaner. The sink was filled with dirty pans and plates of half-rotting food sat on the counters. "Phew." Peeta walked past her and towards the dining room. "Haymitch, where are you," he called. The pantry door was open and Katniss glanced inside the tiny room. The shelves were surprisingly empty, unlike the pantry in their house. Peeta had taken advantage of the space, filling it with enough baking supplies that he could probably run a bakery out of their home. For Katniss, who'd grown up hungry, that room was a physical reminder of Peeta's love for her. No matter how bad things got, she would never starve again. Peeta could always make something for her to eat. Her eyes glanced downward and she screamed. "He's in here Peeta." She rushed forward, squatting next to Haymitch. He was lying on his side on the floor. His body was still. Hearing her husband's heavy tread behind her, she turned toward him. "I think Haymitch is dead."