for Delly." "I thought she was supposed to be learning to cook," Peeta countered. "She can do both," Effie said. "Someday she may be a wife. She needs to be prepared." God help the man who marries Delly, Peeta inwardly snickered. He better be rich enough to hire a housekeeper or he was going to be in trouble. But then he remembered his own problems and he immediately felt ashamed at thinking badly of Delly's future husband. Gale sent Rory outside to retrieve a satchel containing supplies for the child, a few articles of clothing and some flannel rags that were used as diapers. He handed the bag to Peeta before retrieving the baby from Effie. "Papa will be back soon Little Nugget," he said, kissing the top of his daughter's head. "You be good for Katniss and Peeta." "We need to get going," he said gruffly to his brother. He handed the baby to Peeta, who put the satchel's strap over his shoulder. "Do you want to see Katniss before you go?" Peeta asked, carefully holding the baby in arms. Gale shook his head. "No, I'll see her in a few weeks when I return. Remember what I told you." Peeta frowned. Gale's advice might prove helpful, but Peeta was still concerned about taking on the responsibility of Lavinia. He followed Gale and Rory to the door and waved goodbye before closing the door. When he entered the house, a burning smell assaulted him. He positioned Lavinia upright, with her head on his shoulder, and hurried to the kitchen to find Delly pulling a blackened pie from the oven. "A baby," Delly trilled, her eyes widening. "Oh, let me hold her." "What happened to the pie?" "I think the oven was too hot," Delly explained. Peeta looked around the flour-strewn kitchen. "Clean up in here first and then you can play with the baby." He carried Lavinia to his and Katniss' room. He knocked softly on the door before entering it. Katniss was lying on her side facing away from him, twisting the end of her messy braid around her finger. He approached her warily, as if she were a wounded animal. Under different circumstances, he would have enjoyed being a temporary parent to Lavinia. Now, however, she only seemed another burden to bear. When he was standing next to the bed, Lavinia cooed and then giggled loudly. Katniss turned her head sharply. Her eyes widened. "Where did you get.." she started, before licking her lips. "That baby?" she finished. Peeta sat down on the side of the bed. "Gale dropped off Lavinia for us to mind her for a few weeks." A pained look crossed Katniss' face. Peeta wondered if she was feeling the same jealously he'd experienced when he'd opened the door to greet Gale. He hoped it wouldn't send her into a deeper level of grief. A knock on the door interrupted them. It was Effie. "Peeta, I have a baby's cradle in the attic. You can carry it down and clean it up for Lavinia." Peeta looked at Katniss. "Can you watch her while I help Effie?" Katniss shook her head and a fresh flood of tears fell down her cheeks. "That's alright," he said, softly. "You'll have plenty of time later." He leaned in and kissed her cheek before standing up and carrying Lavinia out of the room. Delly agreed to watch Lavinia while Peeta cleaned the large wooden baby's bed, applying wax to it and polishing it to a sheen. He wondered why in the world Effie would have a baby cradle stored in her attic. Without voicing his question, Delly answered it when he was finished. "That was my bed when I was a baby," she volunteered. "You've been with your aunt ever since you were a baby?" He'd never given thought to how Delly had ended up living with her aunt. "Yes," Delly said. "My parents died shortly after I was born." The thought comforted Peeta somewhat because it meant that Effie had firsthand experience with babies. He certainly didn't and he doubted Katniss had much either. She had only been a small child when her sister Prim was born. He carried the cradle into his and Katniss' room and set it at the foot of their bed. Effie had given him some bedding and he set it in place so the baby would have a soft surface to lie on. Katniss was asleep. He was glad of it. He had forgotten to ask Gale if Lavinia woke at night, but if she did maybe Katniss could take charge. She'd certainly be rested enough to do so, if she was willing. Fortunately, Delly was enamored of the child, which enabled Peeta to milk the cows and make dinner for everyone. Delly sat in the kitchen, feeding the baby, while Peeta cooked. She tried holding a cup to Lavinia's mouth to drink the milk, but was more successful by dipping a clean rag into the milk and letting Lavinia suck it dry. It was a long process, but eventually the cup was empty. Per Gale's advice, Peeta didn't bring any dinner into the bedroom for Katniss. After cleaning up the kitchen, he retired early to his room, taking Lavinia with him. The child was nearly asleep when he set her in the cradle. He stripped down to his underclothes and climbed into bed next to Katniss. He was asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow, waking only when Katniss cried out from her dream. Author's Note: Although breastfeeding has been the primary feeding method for babies throughout history, evidence suggests that vessels of all shapes and sizes, made from wood, ceramics, cow's horns and even pewter and silver were also used. Rags, small pieces of linen cloth and sponges were often used as a teat or nipple. During the mid-19 th century, glass baby bottles were created and first used in France. The first rubber nipples were introduced in 1845.