opened, so Peeta stepped in to help." An icy sensation came over Katniss at the news that Peeta wasn't wed to Delly. Her stomach dropped. "Are you absolutely certain?" Johanna nodded. "Delly told me everything the first time I picked up the bakery box. That woman never shuts up." "Why didn't you tell me?" "Why would I tell you that a hot, blond-haired bachelor is working downstairs? You've already turned down the hot, blond-haired bachelor working in our own office. I thought you went for some other type, maybe gingers." Katniss rested her head in her hands. Oh, no what had she done? Jo took the first lunch, leaving Katniss alone to fret. It was clear that she needed to apologize to Peeta. He wasn't a married predator; he was a single guy who had been flirting with her. She was on the phone when he came into the office. She hardly recognized him because he was wearing a gray Henley, blue jeans and sneakers. She put her hand over the phone. "Just a minute," she said, gesturing him to sit down in one of the chairs in the small lobby. Once she was done with the call, she put the phone on voice mail. She didn't want to be interrupted. Peeta walked up to her desk. "Look I'm sorry if I did something wrong…" "Don't apologize," she cut in. "I shouldn't have slapped you." She noted a faint red mark on his cheek and winced. "Why did you do it then?" She scowled. "I thought you were married to Delly." Peeta bit his lip like he was trying to stop from smiling. "So you thought I was crossing some line that married man should stay far away from." She couldn't meet his eyes. "Yeah, I did." "Okay, well I guess that makes some kind of sense. But why would you even think Delly and I were married?" "She told us that she and her husband had opened the bakeshop. I didn't know about your brother. Jo told me after I …" A thought suddenly occurred. "What did you want to ask me? Peeta rubbed the back of his neck. "This is my last day working in Panem Tower. My brother got his cast off and will start next week. I'll be going back to work at the main bakery. I wanted to ask you out to lunch." He wanted to take her out . Her first thought was to refuse. She'd already ruined everything and made a complete fool of herself. But she did like him a lot, especially now that she knew he was single. And he must still be interested in her, despite everything, since he'd bothered to come to her office to find her. "Okay, I'll allow it. "Take as long as you like," Johanna said. She had snuck into the office while they were speaking. "In fact take the afternoon off. I just ran into Cato on the street. He's not coming back today. He said Gale is out making calls too and won't be back either." Johanna winked at her. "Have some fun Katniss." Maybe she would. Katniss opened the bottom drawer of her desk and pulled out her purse. She stood up. "Let's go Peeta." xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Three Years Later "I'm amazed that you can fit into that Santa suit," Katniss said, eyeing her husband. Peeta had gained nearly twenty pounds when Katniss was pregnant with their daughter Hope. He called it sympathy weight, but Katniss knew it was because he'd eaten right alongside her, cheese bun-for-cheese bun. But he'd cut back on his bad habits since their daughter had been born three months earlier and was already back to his pre-baby figure. Katniss wished she could say the same. "Well, I have to fit into it. It's my lucky suit." He gave her a silly grin. Katniss shook her head at Peeta's words. But he was right. The red suit that Peeta's grandmother had so lovingly stitched together for his grandfather to wear to entertain their children, had been lucky. It had been the spark that had set Katniss' and Peeta's relationship on fire and it continued to do so each year. She had slapped Peeta the first time she saw him in it, but the end result had been a lunch date that lasted 42 hours. The second year that Peeta had worn the suit, he'd proposed to her in it. Hope's conception had occurred the last time that Peeta wore it. And tonight, well who knew what could happen. The evening was still young. "So Delly's got everything Hope needs," Peeta confirmed. "Yes." It had taken Katniss a couple of days of planning, but she'd packed up everything a three-month-old baby could possibly want or need, including several bottles of breast milk. The couple was finally getting an evening out to attend a holiday party at Johanna's and Cato's house. Katniss' former co-workers had dated everyone in Panem until both of them realized that what they were seeking was each other. They'd moved in together a few months earlier. Katniss hadn't kept in touch with her former co-workers much since she'd transferred to an Alliance branch in the suburbs after her marriage to Peeta. This evening would give her a chance to see them all again. She was looking forward to talking with Gale's wife Madge. She'd only met her once before and Katniss had liked her. "So do you know why Jo wanted me to wear the suit?" Peeta asked as they drove to the party. Katniss frowned. She suspected that her former co-worker was up to something. "I don't know. But promise me Peeta you won't let anyone sit on your lap tonight other than me." Peeta took his eyes off the road for a moment and glanced at Katniss' left hand that bore the rings that united them. He lifted his head, caught her eye and gave her a knowing smile. "You can count on it." THE END