"Maybe we can do something together while you're here." A date? He was asking her on a date? "Yes, that would be great. Good-bye then. I need to call my uncle and let him know he's got a guest coming." xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Katniss arrived in Dandelion late in the day, exhausted and sweaty. She'd driven straight through, with only a couple of stops at fast food places to use the bathroom and purchase ice-tea. All she wanted was to shower and take a nap. She pulled her car to the curb in front of her uncle's house, glancing at Peeta's house as she removed her bag from the trunk. Was he home? She hurried to her Uncle's front door before he could catch sight of her looking disheveled from the long drive. Turning the key in the lock, she called out. "I'm here Uncle Haymitch." "In the kitchen," he shouted. She stepped inside, set her bag on the floor and shut the door behind her. The place looked tidy; the cleaning lady was doing a good job. "You look like hell," he greeted her when she entered the kitchen. "I've been on the road all day." Her t-shirt and cargo shorts were damp, clinging to her body. Her shoulder-length hair was pulled back into a pony-tail. Trust Uncle Haymitch for such a brusque greeting. Had he started drinking again? His face looked thinner than when she'd visited six weeks earlier. Still the whites of his eyes looked clear, not bloodshot. "Are you eating those meals that are being delivered?" she questioned. "I cancelled that service after the first week." "Are you cooking for yourself then?" "No, the boy's been bringing over food. He eats dinner with me most nights." Her eyebrows shot up. "What boy?" "Mellark from next door." Peeta? He'd never mentioned eating dinner with her uncle. "You look thinner to me." "It's the food he brings. It's all rabbit stuff, vegetables and such. Chicken without the skin. He owns a bakery for crying out loud and he's never once brought over a pie or a cake. "He probably wants to eat healthy and stay fit." Haymitch burst out laughing. "Yeah, right." "Well, I'll let him know that he doesn't need to bring over any meals to you while I'm here. I'll do all your cooking." "Will you make some of Effie's recipes? I miss her lasagna so much." "I will. Let me take a shower and I'll order us a pizza for dinner. I'm too tired to cook right now." While she showered she wondered if Peeta would make an appearance this evening. She had never told Uncle Haymitch that Peeta was calling her regularly to update her on his activities. "How do you spend your time?" she asked him over dinner. "Trying to keep those damn geese out of my garden. "Then stop feeding them, Uncle Haymitch. Maybe they'll go away." "But Effie loved them so. She'd sit in the yard for hours observing them, making up stories about them. She had dreams of writing a children's book about those geese someday." "You miss her a lot." His eyes filled with tears. "I do. She drove me crazy most of the time, but I don't know how to go on without her." Katniss didn't know what to say to comfort her uncle. Maybe it was good that Peeta had been visiting him everyday. Clearly Uncle Haymitch was still in a lot of pain. She waited until 10 a.m. the next morning to knock on Peeta's front door. It was Sunday; the only day she knew he regularly took off work. He must be home. A black SUV sat in the driveway, while an older recreational vehicle was parked at the curb in front of the house. She'd been daydreaming about him for so long, she couldn't wait to finally put a face to the man who'd captured her heart over the telephone. Should she hug him? Would it be too forward to kiss his cheek? With only two knocks, the door to Peeta's house flung open. Katniss gasped as she took in the sight in front of her. Bare chested and wearing only tight boxers, Peeta had to be at least six feet tall. His wavy, collar-length, hair was dirty blond with a few strands of gray peeking out on one side. His eyes were pale blue and his face was artfully unshaven. He looks exactly how I imagined him. Unconsciously Katniss licked her lips. Forget about cheek kisses. She was going straight for his lips . Peeta gave her a seductive grin. "Can I help you?" His voice sounded different in person – lower and sexier. "Peeta, it's me Katniss. I'm so glad we can finally meet." A confused look came over his face. "You think I'm Peeta." He started to laugh. Katniss flushed. "I'm sorry. I've never…" But already the man who was clearly not Peeta had turned and yelled, "Hey Peet there's some woman here for you." From inside the house, Katniss could hear Peeta's voice call out. "For crying out loud Rye I told you not to answer my door. Are you even dressed?" Ah, so this is Rye, the baby daddy machine. Well, judging from his god-like appearance it's no wonder so many women have fallen for his charms. Stomp, stomp, stomp. The sound of heavy footfalls got closer. "This is Peeta," Rye said, stepping away." He stood in front of her grinning. "Katniss." Her eyes grew big. The man with the warm, friendly voice that she'd shared so much of her life with and spent time fantasizing about looked nothing like she'd expected. It was if the Pillsbury Doughboy had taken on human form, dressed in a baggy t-shirt and loose jeans. His crew cut made his face look even rounder. Katniss mustered up a grin in return, focusing on his lively blue eyes and the deep dimples on the side of each cheek. She put out her hand to shake his.