he meant. "Run away with me. I have some work contacts in China. You'd have to fake your death, though, and get a new identity. Otherwise, they might find me through you. "But it wouldn't be difficult," he continued. "You could go swimming one morning and not return. Of course you should cash out our savings first. No point in leaving it all behind." Katniss' jaw dropped. Was Gale crazy? Fake her death and leave the country. He had seriously overestimated her current feelings for him. Her eyes drifted from Gale to look at Peeta again. He looked as shocked as she felt. She exchanged glances with him. Gale turned nervously. "Is there someone here with you?" He looked around the room, quickly, his eyes stopping on easel and the portrait of Katniss in front of Gull Cottage. "Who did that?" "A friend," Katniss said. "A male friend." Astonishment passed over Gale's face before it was replaced by anger. "Moved on quickly didn't you?" Katniss smirked. "You know the vow I made to you was until death parts us. I thought you were dead." "Well, I'm not. And I want my wife back." "No," Katniss fumed. "You can't do this to me and then expect me to drop everything and follow you. Get the out of my house now." "Stop being so dramatic Katniss. I know this is a big shock. Maybe you should take a walk or something to think it over," Gale suggested. "I'm hungry. I'll go downstairs and make myself a sandwich. We can talk once you've calmed down." Furious, Katniss stormed past Gale, rushing down the stairs, and out the front door. Her thoughts were bubbling over. What was she going to do? She didn't want to be married to someone who had deliberately played with her emotions. Could she divorce a dead man? She'd already mourned their relationship and moved on. She'd fallen in love again, unfortunately with a ghost, but still she'd rather spend her life pining for the ghostly Peeta Mellark than living the life of an expatriate with the lying Gale Hawthorne. Buttercup chased after her sticking close to her side. With all the excitement today, she'd forgotten to feed him. "No," she told Buttercup. "Get lost." She kicked her foot toward the cat to get him away from her. The cat moved from her side, but continued to follow, mewling loudly. She walked down the center of the narrow road determined to figure a way out of this mess. Maybe she should call the authorities about Gale. But was it a crime to fake your own death? She didn't know. She could do a Google search about it. Behind her the beep of a horn sounded. She turned. It was a car. She quickly moved to the narrow edge, glancing nervously at the rocks that lay below, to let it pass. She stared after the car wondering if she could be charged as an accomplice if she turned Gale in. People might think she was part of the whole thing. Maybe Gale would tell them she was for spite. She stepped away from the edge, but tripped over Buttercup who had positioned himself at Kantiss' feet. The cat squealed loudly as Katniss lost her balance and fell backward over the side of the road. Damn cat, she thought before she hit her head hard on the rocks below. Blackness took over. "Katniss, let me help you." Her eyes opened. Peeta was reaching out to assist her. She grasped his hand and he pulled her to her feet. "Come here," he said, drawing her forward. He felt so real, so solid; she knew it had to be a dream. Besides, she'd never seen him outside of Gull Cottage. She must have hit her head very hard. "What happened?" "You tripped over the cat and lost your balance. You fell onto the rocks." "So I'm dreaming then," she said. She hoped she wasn't hurt badly. She didn't want to end up in the hospital. Peeta pulled her closer to his chest, his arms wrapped around her back. She leaned her head in, burying it into his chest. He smelled like the saltiness of the ocean with a hint of cinnamon. Maybe this was the only way she could be with Peeta. In her dreams. If so, she wouldn't mind if she had a concussion and was knocked out for a few days. She pulled her face from his chest and looked up at him. "This is nice. I hope I don't wake up for a while." "Why is that?" Peeta asked. "Because I'm happy right now here with you," she said. "But I'm dead." "You don't feel dead to me." His hand rested on her braid, tugging it gently. "That's because you're dead too," he whispered, kissing the top of her head. "What do you mean?" Peeta let go of her waist and pointed to the rocks beside them. Her body lay at an odd angle. Her neck was twisted and she could see blood pooling beside her head. She pulled her hand up to her mouth in surprise. She took in a deep breath. "But I feel fine." "You are fine," Peeta said. "Just living on another plane now." He leaned down and captured her lips in a long kiss. "I've wanted to do that for so long," Peeta said when they broke apart, both of them breathless. "So have I," she said, before leaning back into his lips again. "Let's go back and make some noise to scare your former husband out of our house," Peeta suggested when they broke apart a second time. Katniss giggled. She had an idea of the kind of moans Peeta had in mind and she couldn't wait. "I can still touch inanimate objects right?" she questioned him. "Yes." He nibbled at her ear. "What do you have in mind?" "I have an amazing idea for a new story. I'll type it up later." THE END