though, are unsettling. He's awfully brazen to stare at me so boldly in front of his wife and in the presence of his two young children who have climbed on the bed to join him. "Peeta, this is the book lady." The enthusiasm in the woman's voice is apparent, but I suppose living in such isolation would make anybody eager to see a new face. She turns to me. "What's your name?" "Katniss Everdeen." "I'm Delly Mellark. This is my brother-in-law Peeta." Relief washes over me to learn that the man isn't her husband, but it is quickly followed by a nervous anxiety. My cheeks grow warm. It's as if he's has set me on fire with his eyes. I clutch Romeo and Juliet to my chest. "Hello," I mutter as I remind my self that I have a fiancé. But Gale has never looked at me like this man. Maybe I should have worn my engagement ring today to show that I am taken. "I was wondering if you could help me for a moment?" Delly walks close to the bed. She lifts up the edge of the blanket that covers Peeta's lower body to reveal a pale, muscular calf. A bloodied rag is tied around it. "I told you no Delly," Peeta growls. My stomach churns and I advert my eyes from the wound to look at Delly. "What happened?" "Peeta got shot last night and I need your help. Could you hold his leg steady while I dig the bullet out?" My jaw drops at her request. Is she insane? "I can't do that." "I need the doctor Delly," Peeta breaks in. At the sound of his voice, I turn to look at him. "How did it happen?" "I was shot by a revenuer." I'm surprised he trusts me enough to tell me. Making white whiskey is illegal despite Prohibition having ended. Not that I'd go squealing to the authorities. Moonshining is a tradition in this area that goes back before the Revolutionary War. And in these times people do what they need to do to survive. "Well, at least you got away." Delly's face screws up like she might cry. She turns to me. "They caught my husband Rye a few months ago. He's still in jail." I seek to escape. I don't need to be caught up into this family's drama. My family has enough of its own. "Did you have a book to trade me for this?" I hold up the play to Delly. "Oh yes, right here." She reaches under Peeta's bed and hands me a collection of poems by Robert Browning. We trade books and I look to Peeta. "If you want, I can stop by the doctor when I get back to town and send him to see you." "Please do. I'd be most grateful." He gives me a big smile, almost making me forget that he's a lawbreaker. "All right." Delly follows me outside the cabin. "Don't get the doc. It will cost too much, and he'll charge extra traveling here because of the cold. I can dig the bullet out myself." "But what if the wound gets infected? He could lose his leg or die." She looks at me like I'm crazy. "I'm not stupid because we don't live in town. I know how to treat infections." I nod quickly and untie Mockingjay. The dog that was barking when I arrived fell asleep. While riding home over the icy trail, I fret over whether to stop by the doctor's office or not. People who reside in the hills rarely call the doctor to treat them; rather they rely on old folk remedies. Granted some work well, but I worry that Peeta might lose his leg if he depends on his sister-in-law. And he did ask me to send for the doctor… My mind made up, I steer Mockingjay in the direction of Main Street to visit Dr. Coriolanus Snow, the only doctor in Dandelion. He lives above his office and I pound on the door and tell him about Peeta's injury leaving out the part about how it happened, and give him directions to the cabin. He frowns. "I'll ride out early tomorrow and see what I can do. Hopefully it isn't infected already." The thought makes me ill, but I tell myself it's not my concern. If Peeta broke the law, he deserves the consequences of his actions. I thank Dr. Snow and head for Thom's barn. Author's Note: Frankfort is the capital of the state of Kentucky. The Works Progress Administration was a United States government agency created in 1935 by President Franklin Roosevelt to provide jobs for millions of unemployed Americans during the Great Depression (1929-1939). WPA workers built public buildings and roads throughout the U.S. The agency also employed musicians, artists, writers, actors and directors in large arts, drama, media, and literacy projects. Eastern Kentucky's Pack Horse Library Project was just one of many innovative ways people were put to work to earn a salary by serving the public. The WPA was dissolved in 1943 because it was no longer needed, as wartime work in the military and factories kept the population employed. My Old Kentucky Home, Goodnight , was written by Stephen Collins Foster in 1852. It is an anti-slavery ballad that was named the state song for Kentucky by the state legislature in 1928. Prohibition was a nationwide law (18 th amendment to the U.S. constitution) that made the production, transportation and sale of alcoholic beverages illegal. The law was in effect from 1920 to 1933. In December 1933, the ratification of the 21 st amendment to the U.S. constitution repealed the 18 th amendment. However U.S. federal law then, and even still prohibits the manufacture of distilled spirits (moonshine) without meeting special licensing requirements. The U.S. Department of the Treasury's Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives was then/is still responsible for enforcing this law. These enforcers are referred to as "revenuers."