me out of the arena, I will be taken to District 13, even though I promised Annie to come home. I'll have to renege on my promise, there's just no other way. For me, it'll be either Thirteen or death. But I'm going to come for Annie as soon as I can. I will take her with me before anybody else can get her. Provided I make it out of the arena. The resistance group will rescue Katniss first, so they might have to leave me behind. I'm totally aware of that, but I don't have another choice. Panem is cruel. I'm Snow's slave. How can I ever be happy with Annie if I'm forced to regularly sleep with Capitol women? How can we ever have children in a world where the Hunger Games exist? We have reached a point where we can no longer sit by and watch. The districts' rebellion failed once, but it won't fail for a second time. We have learned a lot; we've had enough time to regather our forces, and now we are stronger than ever. We can make it. We can overthrow the whole system and build up something new, something better. I believe in that. And I want to be free. These are my reasons for joining the mission. I talked to Katniss after the Opening Ceremonies. I offered her a sugar cube; acting like the handsome, arrogant guy I'm supposed to be. Katniss has been pretty distracted by that much of my naked skin, so it was kind of amusing talking to her. But I still admire her for the trick she used to win her Games. She's clever and brave and serious. And I realize that Plutarch was right: Whatever it takes to save her, this girl is totally worth it. It's time for my interview. I step in front of the cheering crowd and shake Caesar Flickerman's hand. Every woman in the Capitol is hanging on my lips while we talk, but I don't feel uneasy at all. I tell Caesar that I've prepared something; actually, I want to recite a poem for a very special person. "She's my one true love", I explain, "and I've already told her, but I have to say it again and again to make sure she can hear me." I don't have to look into the crowd to see the melting expression on the women's faces. Of course, they think I've been talking about them. Especially those I've already spent a night with. But it's Annie I'm talking about, and when I begin to recite my poem, it's as if I was speaking directly to her, as if she was right here beside me. So I clear my throat and say: " Blue like the ocean, green like your eyes – The only two colors I'll ever need to be happy. I'd live in a world only of green and blue without missing anything As long as you are by my side. And even though we're apart now, I give you these words To rely on To let you know I'm always with you. My only request is to remember the promise I gave you With all my heart. ' Cause whatever may happen, one thing is sure: You are my everything. May heaven send you all its patience so you can wait for me To come back And watch the sun set over the blue ocean And look into the green of your eyes." So I'm going to go now. I'm inside the tube, thinking about the last time I was in here. I probably feared for my life. In this moment, it's rather Annie's life I fear for. How's she going to handle my absence, knowing that I might die out in the arena? I hope she's taking it like I do: Just stop thinking about that part of the plan. As long as Katniss Everdeen is alive, there'll be a future for Annie, this much is certain. Because Katniss is the rebellion we need to stop Snow's arbitrariness. Even if I don't make it, it's more important that she does. She has to stay alive. I think I can handle that much: I can protect her, knowing that it's best for Annie, whether it means my own death or not. When the tube starts to move upward, I straighten up. It's getting dark around me; I remember this moment, and I remember how I hated the darkness. It's the same darkness as in my first Games: It means insecurity, suspense. You never know how the Gamemakers created the arena; which traps might be there. Plutarch wasn't able to tell me. He thought it might impact my reaction to the arena, and this would be extremely dangerous. Nobody is supposed to find out about our plan. I can't stop thinking of Annie. I close my eyes and take a deep breath, but she doesn't seem to disappear from my mind. I can see her standing right in front of me, her hair blowing in the soft sea breeze. But when I reach out my hand, there's just emptiness. My eyes are still closed when the light starts to displace the darkness. I wait until the tube stops before I open my eyes. The first thing I see is the ocean. And again, there's Annie inside my head, walking along the seaside, leaving tiny footprints in the sand. She seems to sing something, and her song is filling every part of me while I look around. It doesn't take me long to understand her words. " Blue like the ocean, green like your eyes –" The countdown starts. I need her to stop, but at the same time I want her to stay. I don't know what to do. I have to concentrate. My eyes make out Katniss, and suddenly Annie seems to be drifting away from me. So this is it. Let the Games begin! "I love you, Annie", I whisper.