"Wasn't she the apothecary's daughter?" One of them would ask. "Yeah, but she fell in love and married that boy from the Seam. Makes sense why the daughter's a bit off her rocker…" "Too bad we don't have an apothecary anymore." Someone would say and the conversation would shift to a different topic altogether. Katniss had shrugged it all off. She had never been one to have a large circle of friends and acquaintances. She had always kept to herself, except when she was in the woods with Gale. Madge had been the closest thing she had to a friend at school. Yet somehow, despite the rumors of her being crazed and dangerous, she had amassed more friends upon her return to the district than she ever had before. Of course that was mostly thanks to Peeta, who never met a stranger. Katniss shifted her pack, now weighed down by the squirrels and grouse, and tried to clear her mind of the thoughts that teemed there, the sound of her boots crunching evenly through the snow a metronome for her journey back home. It was dark by the time she arrived, and her heart sped up when she spied Peeta through the lighted kitchen window. It didn't matter that they had been married for five and a half years, her love for him felt as new and surprising as the moment she had first realized her feelings toward him. She knew she would always have a home there with Peeta. He was her warmth on cold winter nights. He was the bright sun under which she had bloomed He greeted her from the kitchen sink as she traipsed in through the back door, stopping on the mat to avoid tracking in snow. He smiled as she tossed her pack on the ground and bent to remove her boots. When she straightened back up he was near her and she let him help her out of the thick down coat. He leaned down to kiss her softly on the lips, but she pulled back after a moment to remove her hat and scarf. "I reheated some stew for our dinner," he explained. Katniss saw the pot of stew where it sat on the stove. There was a fresh loaf of bread warm and ready to be sliced on the counter near it. She smiled, her stomach rumbling at the hearty aroma. She turned back toward Peeta and pressed her lips to his. She had meant it to be a quick peck, but his hands found her waist and the kiss deepened. He pulled her flush against him and she reveled in his warmth, the smell of flour and cinnamon that lingered on his skin, the hard lines of muscle beneath her hands. She began to lose herself in the kiss, her fingers moving to brush the curve of his jaw. But she stopped when she felt him leading her toward the couch. Her mind had forgotten the food, but her stomach hadn't. It let out another loud rumble as Katniss pulled back from the kiss. "I'm hungry ," she said matter-of-factly, giving him a long look. "Ok, ok," he chuckled, his hands still grasping her waist firmly. She raised an eyebrow at him and he let go, lifting his hands in defeat as he laughed. She turned and headed toward the stove, where the stew waited. "Any news on Marc and Anabel?" She asked sometime later, between mouthfuls of stew. Peeta swallowed a large bite before answering. "Anabel's doing better. A lot better." He said. "Marc offered to come back to work tomorrow, but I told him to take the rest of the week off." Katniss felt a wave of relief flood her and nodded. Anabel had been ill long enough to know that Marc probably wouldn't come down with the flu. Still, he should stay home for a few more days to make certain. Rye and little Addie had been whisked off to their grandmother's house at the first signs of illness, and luckily neither had gotten sick. Katniss realized how difficult it must have been for Anabel to be away from her children for so long, and was glad the young woman was improving. Katniss had experienced enough loss for one lifetime. She could do without any more. Of course there were other tragedies. Like when Bim Praydor – who had been missing for several days – was found drowned last spring after a heavy rain. Or when the Faulks' house caught fire two years back, sending the whole block of tiny cottages up in flames. Or when Bryn Makepeace labored for a day and a half only to deliver her baby stillborn. The infant was buried in the tiniest coffin Katniss had ever seen. Once they had finished their meal, Katniss and Peeta washed the dishes together, their bodies pressed close as they stood in front of the sink. "Oh, I saw lynx today, out in the woods," Katniss spoke over the sound of water running. Peeta, who was dutifully drying the dishes, turned to look at her. "Oh wow," he said, the look in his eyes urging her to continue. "I came across the tracks first," she explained as she washed a bowl. "But then later, I saw it – it just walked right out into the open in front of me, gave me a look, then turned and walked away…" "I don't think I even know what a lynx looks like…" Peeta said, his blue eyes gazing off thoughtfully. "You know, a l ynx ," Katniss started, an amused look on her face. "Like a big gray bobcat. Big paws, little tail. Pointy ears…" She put her hands on either side of her head, index fingers up, to demonstrate. Peeta gave her a quizzical look, and then laughed. He captured her hands, which were still up on her head, and bent to kiss her. She kissed him back with fervor, and the dishes were soon forgotten.