you can make it." "I don't doubt that", she replied. "I'm just – somehow – afraid." "That's okay", Cato told her quietly, but Clove shook her head. "It isn't. Not for a Career." "What do you think, then, is the reason why I am not lying in my bed, sleeping?", Cato asked. Suddenly overwhelmed by his emotions, he took Clove's face in both of his hands and looked at her insistently. Clove had stopped crying, but still, she didn't seem to believe it. "You're kidding me!", she said. "You're just saying that. You aren't afraid; you're Cato." "I know", Cato said, and laughed. "It's weird, but it's true. Otherwise I wouldn't be here." Deep wrinkles appeared on Clove's forehead. She looked even more tired than before. "Now, just stop thinking and go to bed", Cato instructed her. "It's your big day tomorrow." Clove bit her lower lip. "I can't." "Why?" She shrugged. "I can't." "Nightmares?" "I've never had any, at least since we're here", Clove explained. "It's just – I can't sleep. I tried it, and I can't." Cato let go of her face and took her hand instead. "We're allies, right?", he asked. "Of course." Clove was weird. "But –" "Then, let's go", Cato interrupted her. He didn't know what was going on when he pulled Clove after him, aiming for her bedroom. She stopped and looked at him questioningly, so he announced: "I'm coming with you. Except you're averse to it, for sure." For a moment, he expected her to protest, but she didn't. Instead, Clove managed a smile and followed him. Her bed was exactly as comfortable as his. Cato lied down with his arms crossed behind his neck, waiting for Clove to join him. She hesitated, looking at him unsurely, until he reminded her: "You'll need some sleep if you want to win, sweetheart!" "Don't call me like that", she mumbled. Finally, she lied next to him, head on his chest, his arm around her shoulders. Cato couldn't remember that he'd ever slept as good as that night. With Clove in his arms, the weird feelings inside his head were gone. He was completely relaxed, and so was Clove. She fell asleep quickly, even if it was the last night before the Games. Even if going into the arena meant sure death for one of them, as she'd said. But if she felt safe, it was all okay. Maybe showing emotions has its advantages, Cato thought. Maybe, with Clove on your side, you don't need to be alone any more. Not now, and not in the arena. Just take care of her. That was his last thought before he fell asleep, too. Just take care of her. Cato had to think about this night all the time while he watched Clove dying in his arms. He'd begged her to stay, but it was futile. He had wanted to protect her and failed. Bitterly, Cato remembered the morning, when he'd woken up and felt so close to victory. They could have won together, after the rule change. Both of them, returning home, living together in the Victors' Village. They just had to stay strong. Then the feast. Cato had hidden in the underbrush while Clove had run for Katniss, the girl who was on fire. She'd been their enemy all along, and the feast was the best possibility to kill her. And Clove could've done it, if it weren't for Thresh. Cato hadn't seen him coming, although it was him he'd been waiting for in his concealment. He watched everything: How Thresh hit Clove with this rock, how he let Katniss go. Clove had been screaming his name. "CATO!" Her voice, full of pain, echoed in his head. Cato had run as fast as he could. But he'd come too late. "Don't leave me", he'd told her. "Stay here, Clove. Don't go. We can still make it." "Liar", Clove had replied. The rock had totally damaged her skull. Blood was flowing all over her face. She didn't have long. Still, her hand was clasping his, and he held on tightly. He promised her she'd make it, even though it was just to calm her. He didn't want to lose her. He didn't want to go on without her. But Clove was already facing death. They both knew it; knew that she would never make it. He had to give up on her. "I'll kill him", Cato swore her. "I'll find Thresh and kill him. I promise you, I will win. For you." Clove's hand didn't let go. Her eyes were still looking up to him. Then, she opened her mouth to say her last words. "I believe in you, Cato." It wasn't more than a hush, almost inaudible. But he heard it. And he nodded. "Just don't forget that I'm doing this for you", Cato told her. "Because I love you, Clove." She actually managed a smile before she took her last breath and her eyes got empty. The cannon fired and the hard sound told Cato that this wasn't a nightmare after all. It was real. Cato clenched his fist while tears were running down his face. The first tears he'd ever cried. They could've made it. Together. And now, she was gone. She'd left him alone, as he'd always been, before he had met her. Anyway, Cato would take revenge for her death. Thresh would die. The red-haired would die. Lover Boy and his little friend would die. And he, Cato, would be the only one left. He would win. From the beginning, he had known that he would be the victor. But now, something was different. Cato didn't want to win for himself any more. He wanted to win for the girl who relieved him from his loneliness. For the girl who showed him the meaning of love. "For Clove", he whispered, before he went off in the direction Thresh had taken, leaving the girl he loved back for the approaching hovercraft to collect.