see Leven in front of me in her beautiful reaping outfit. "We should get going, you know," Leven says with a hint of a smile. Oh. I guess Leven was my friend all along. Someone who cares, the way Leven says it. I follow her through the crowd, and it's obvious she's already been in the fifteen-year-old section. How thoughtful of her to come back to me. I should be more nice to her in the future, I think. But nice? What does that mean? It's just something else about the Hunger Games. They make everyone heartless and violent. Bloodthirsty. But I had to sign up for training. Absolutely. Or my wrath at home would be more unbearable than ever. I needed training, so if I'm reaped, I can win the games, and come back to District 2 proving that I'm not just that little girl. I'm a violent one. One that can become a victor. One that has no heart. I scan the whole square. The area where the twelve through eighteen year olds stand is roped off. Around it is where family members will stand, some biting their nails, and some looking extremely grave. Mixed in along with the parents are onlookers, who either lost all they care about, or just doesn't have anyone to love. They take bets on who the two kids will be, namely the overly poor ones who had to sign up for tesserae. They bet on the ages, where they live, what their reaction will be. Most of these onlookers are greatly disliked by the rest of the district, but suddenly I wonder what life must be like to them. No one to love, and no one cares about them. I shudder and I feel Leven's hand on my shoulder giving me a light squeeze. "Don't worry," she says softly, "It won't be you." I fake a smile, "Yes, I know." And then I point at the temporary stage where the seats that are sitting start to fill up. Victors from the past seventy-three years. District 2 has a quite a number, and there are two rows, with only four chairs in the row up front. Where the mayor, our escort, and the two mentors will sit. "Oh," Leven says, her voice barely a whisper, "It's Enobaria and Brutus this year" "Huh," I say, "Hopefully Enobaria keeps her fangs in." Enobaria is a huge one in District 2, she won the Sixty-second Hunger Game as a volunteer when she was seventeen. I don't remember any details, except during the final two, she ripped her opponent's throat open using her teeth. It was the kind of action that drove Capitol citizens wild. After her huge finale, Enobaria had her teeth cosmetically altered to end with a sharp point, and tipped with gold. Some of the more recent victors won under Enobaria's instructions. Maybe there will be another one this year. As the clocks strike two, Mayor Burke, a strong woman whose husband died in an unknown event, steps onto the stage and reads the same story she's required to read every reaping. The history of Panem. The disasters. The result of Panem, a shining Capitol ringed by thirteen outlying districts. Then came the Dark Days, where each district had their own uprising against the Capitol. In the end, twelve were defeated, and the thirteenth obliterated. The Treaty of Treason gave peace, and that was where the Hunger Games were born. To remind us that the Dark Days must never be repeated. To show us how totally we are at the Capitol's mercy. The Capitol's way of reminding us this is making the Hunger Games a sort of festival, where the winner is showered with gifts and the is given a life of ease back home. The Districts must chant their names, as if it was a wondrous thing, not the fact that twenty-three other kids are dead. The victor's district gets presents throughout the year, while the poorer districts such 11 and 12 are battling starvation. There's a rumor that people die from starvation over there. It makes my rusty life at District 2 seem like a safe haven. "It is both a time for repentance and a time for thanks," says Mayor Burke, finishing the required speech. Then she reads a list of the past victors of District 2. This takes quite a while, in the past seventy-three years there've been nineteen victors. Fifteen are still alive. As Mayor Burke reads the name of the victor in a rather dead voice, they stand a moment to be acknowledged by the crowd. We just stare numbly, and I bet most of the kids are praying that they won't be reaped. Enobaria and Brutus are announced last, since they will be mentoring this year. Of course all the other victors will try to help, but Enobaria and Brutus will be the lifeline for the tributes in the arena this year. Alessia Reeky, our escort for as long as I can remember, jumps to the podium as if it's the most fun thing ever, and says her part, "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds ever be in your favor!" Her freakish green curls waddle along with her head, and her porcelain white skin with a butterfly tattoo stuck on her cheek makes me stare at her, her usual speech seeming to echo a few thousand miles away. Finally it's time for the drawing. Alessia Reeky goes, "Ladies first!" and bounces on those ridiculously high shoes to the girls' glass ball. There are thousands of slips inside, and my name is written carefully on four of them. Alessia digs her hand deep in the ball, stirs a few times, and grabs a single slip of paper. She hops back to the podium, and smooths out the paper. Right before she says the name, I feel Leven's hand around mine and I give her a squeeze. I never predicted how soon I would have to let go.