give a slight laugh, Prim's the only one that can make me smile or laugh like that. We walk out to the hall and Mother comes out of her room in a dark blue dress, with her blonde hair cascading down her back. Her blue eyes are worried that one of us will be reaped. She motions for us to follow her and we do so. We head into the Bakery and we exit. The square is starting to fill in as we arrive, and we sign in and make our way to our sections. Me to the sixteen year old section, and Prim to the twelve year old section. As I'm standing in my section I hear someone crying near the twelve year old section and turn to look. Prim. I make my way to her and push through a small crowd to reach her. When I do, I hug her tightly and stroke her hair. "Prim, your name is only been in there once. There is no way your name is going to be picked." I whisper. She nods and wipes away the tears, giving me a hug. I kiss her hair and walk back to the sixteen year old section. I see my only friend Madge standing in the crowd, so I head to her. Her father is Mayor Undersee, Mayor of District 12. The Baker Girl best friends with the Mayors only daughter? A very unlikely friendship. She smiles at me; our chances to go into the games are slim to none. Compared to some of the people in this District. Like Gale and Peeta, whose name has been entered many times. Madge nudges me and I look to the stage, where our District Escort, Effie Trinket is making her way up the stage. She has on a ridiculous pink wig, pink suit, and a pair of tall heels on. She gives us a grin and looks around the crowd. Apparently I missed the Mayors speech. "Welcome Welcome. The time has come to select one courageous boy and girl to participate in these years, seventy-fourth Hunger Games!" She speaks into the microphone, with her ridiculous Capitol accent, "Ladies First!" Does she realize that she is choosing the two kids that are going to die in the Arena? Putting their lives on the line for Adults mistakes seventy-four years ago? Well, the Capitol thinks of it as some sort of show that is fabulous. Watching Children the ages of twelve through eighteen brutally killing each other in an arena. Effie dramatically picks a name out of the bowl and marches back over to her microphone at the edge of the stage. She unfolds it and reads the name over before saying it. "Primrose Everdeen." No! No! No! No! No! This can't be happening! Not Prim, she's only twelve years old; she will die in the matter of hours! I see her march to the stage, hands in fists by her sides, the color drained from her face. The blouse in the back has come untucked, making her look like a duck once again. As soon as it started the air refills my lungs as I scream. "Prim! Prim!" I yell, running out to the isle. "I Volunteer! I Volunteer as Tribute." I shove Prim behind me and start to the stage, when Prim grabs my leg and will not let go. "Prim! Let go!" I mutter, forcing the tears back. I can't look weak, not since all the Tributes look at the recaps and see who is easy prey and is not. "Let go Prim!" I fill Prim being lifted off of me, and see Gale picking her up. "Up you go Katniss." He whispers. I make my way up the stairs, looking down at me feet. I reach my destination beside of Effie and look out to the crowd. Prim is kicking and screaming at Gale to let her go, Mother is bawling in the line the adults must stand at, and Madge has silent tears going down her face. Effie smiles at me, "What's your name?" "Katniss Everdeen." I mutter out. "I bet my buttons that was your sister! Didn't want her to get all the attention did you?" Effie beams. A drunken Haymitch Abernathy stumbles up the stage and hugs Effie. Haymitch is our only living winner from the Hunger Games in District twelve. He won the second Quarter Quell, which was the fiftieth Hunger Games. He drinks heavily and is always drunk and late to every single reaping. He makes his way over to me, slinging his arm over my shoulder. "I like you. You have lots of…." He trails off. He's thinking of the right word. "Spunk!" He marches to the front of the stage and points to several cameras, "More than you! And more than you!" Then he did a nose dive off the front of the stage, making a few people gasp and a few laughs. Effie lets out a sigh and she rolls her eyes before heading over to the boy's reaping ball. She picks out a name from the top and heads back over to the microphone, smoothing out the small sheet of white paper. She once again reads over the name and then announces it. "Peeta Mellark." No! Not Peeta! I don't want to kill him! Or him to kill me! The sea of sixteen year old boys separates and Peeta slowly comes out. His face his white as snow, and he has some sweat coming down his forehead. He comes to the stage and stands next to me, taking deep breaths. Peeta looks at me with a look of despair and sadness, while I return it. "I give you the Tributes from District Twelve! Give them a round of Applause!" Not one person claps. Did you like it? I will update fast but not this weekend cause I have a sleepover and a really packed schedule! So next update will be next week!(: Review? Please? ~Mallory