that perhaps I can learn how to do this as well, at least for him, if for no one else. After clearing the table and washing and drying the dishes, we return to our spots on the couch. It's begun to rain outside and the sound is soothing. Peeta grabs his sketch book and sits down beside me and his proximity causes my heart to beat faster. He flips to the page he has bookmarked and my eyes widen in surprise. There I am, primrose flower in hand. My expression is one of concentration and joy. He has drawn me with my hair down, gently flowing over my shoulders and laying on the swell of my breasts. It is a simple yet eloquent drawing that is filled with symbolism and beauty. I gently reach out to touch the paper, my hand trembling ever so slightly. A silent tear makes its way down my cheek and Peeta's thumb catches it before it has a chance to land on the piece of paper in front of me. "It's beautiful." These are the only words I can muster. My voice seems to have escaped me, leaving me with nothing but my expression to allow Peeta to see the impact his sketch has made. "I just…I know how much you miss her." He stammers. He seems unsure about continuing, but after he clears his throat he does. "I miss her, too. Sometimes my mind just picks something and I go with it. Drawing whatever comes into my head helps me express what I'm feeling. Once I have the picture, I can usually tell if it's real or not. And, if I don't, then at least I know I can ask you." That is when I tell him about my idea for the book. He listens with great care as I share my thoughts and passionate need to take action and help create a tangible way to remember all the loved ones we've lost. When I'm finished sharing my thoughts his face breaks out into a big smile. I can tell he's proud of me for sharing more. He knows this isn't easy for me and I'm thankful he seems receptive to my idea. We decide to give Dr. Aurelius a call in the morning to have him ship some more items via the train so that we can begin our work as soon as possible. Neither of us intends on losing any precious memories of those that lost their lives the last few years. It's beginning to get darker outside and with the rain continuously pouring down I feel my eyes getting heavy. Sleep is calling but I know that the nightmares will persist and I don't desire to lay down anytime soon. I know Peeta is starting to get restless and he's likely considering heading back to his house. It's then when I take the chance and ask him. "Do you want to stay here for the night? I mean, it is raining and we both sleep better with each other around." My hands feel clammy and my throat is dry. This is a risk I didn't think my mind would cause me to take so soon, but I guess my mouth had other ideas. Despite my sudden apprehension of my offer, as I look back at him he just nods shortly and closes his sketchbook. I slowly remove myself from the couch and neatly fold the blanket I've been using. As we head upstairs I notice I'm smiling to myself and there's an air of calmness about me. It's as if I suddenly feel much safer and there is hope that I will get some sleep tonight. "Do you need to shower?" I ask him as I'm rummaging through my dresser for a fresh top and pair of pants. "I showered before I came over earlier so I'm alright. Thanks." He replies. "Alright, well, I'm going to take a quick shower and I'll be back shortly." With that I head into the bathroom leaving him to get comfortable and allowing myself a moment to breathe. My hands take time undressing myself and I view myself in the mirror. Scars line my body like rivers running through a forest. It isn't just my inside that is broken and bruised but the surface as well. My body is a canvas painted with stories of loss, suffering and pain. As I step under the water, I shudder and adjust the temperature. The liquid runs across my curves and I close my eyes to let the tears flow. This is something I've learned to do. When I am by myself and rinsing off all the horrid memories, I weep with the water and let my mind wander. This event is cathartic for me and I embrace its healing power. My goal is to remove all the worry and stress from the day because when I crawl into that bed in a few moments, I want nothing but to just enjoy the feeling of Peeta's warm arms around me and forget the world for a while. So, as I finish my shower and gently dry the still sore pieces of myself, I pull the tank top and pajama pants on and silently enter the bedroom. Peeta is already relaxing in bed, his eyes still open as he watches the moonlight dance across the sheets. He is in deep thought but as the bed shifts, he shakes himself from the grasp of his mind and looks at me with that genuine smile of his and I nuzzle against his chest. The strength of his arms around my small frame feels just as it did a year ago. Tonight is the first night I am actually looking forward to closing my eyes and waiting for sleep to take me. There is no guarantee that the nightmares will keep to themselves, but I have Peeta here and as long as we have each other, we will get through the days.