a very loud knock on her back door. Startled, she jumped out of her seat and headed to the back door, realizing it must be Peeta trying to get her attention. Was he finished already? She felt a pang of disappointment that he would be leaving, even if it did mean she would have plenty of time to meet Prim for lunch now. She swung open the door expecting him to be standing there, but instead he was crouched down next to one of the sensors near the garage door. "Did you knock?" she asked. "Yeah," he said, without looking up from what he was doing. "I'm all finished and I know you want to meet your sister. But first I wanted to show you something." He stood up fully and turned to face her. "Hit that button," he said, pointing at the remote opener attached to the wall nearest to her. She did and the newly repaired garage door went up smoothly. Katniss clapped as if very impressed. Peeta rolled his eyes and laughed. "That's not what I wanted to show you, but yeah, it's fixed." Katniss giggled—actually giggled, which was just not something she did. "There's more?" she asked. She was perfectly content with a garage door that went up and down when she pushed the button. Peeta's eyes narrowed slightly and he had a smirk on his face. He stretched his arm out and crooked his finger, directing her to come closer. Katniss felt her heart skip a beat in her chest. What did he want? Still, she felt her feet moving her across the concrete floor toward the now open garage door. "This," Peeta said, pointing to a little box attached to the side of her house, "is your new keypad. Let me show you how it works." "Where did this come from?" Katniss inquired, a note of wariness creeping into her voice. "I had an extra one in the truck," Peeta explained. "There's no charge." Katniss felt her features relax. She could barely afford the repair of the door, much less some fancy outdoor key pad that she didn't ask for. "So," Peeta continued. "To program your code, you hit this button, then punch in any 4-digit number, then hit this button again." Katniss tried to pay attention to what he was saying, but suddenly they were standing very close together in front of the keypad. She could feel his warmth again and he smelled, unbelievably, like cinnamon and vanilla. "Now you try," he was saying. He looked down at her and she looked up, her eyes wide as she swallowed slowly. "Wh-What?" she tried. His eyes were like a placid lake on a beautiful September day and they seemed to reach deep into her soul. The world seemed to melt away as they stood there for a long moment, staring into each other's eyes. Finally he cleared his throat and looked away. "Just, um, here…" he said, and he took her hand in his own and guided her first finger to the keypad. Katniss visibly shivered from the touch. "What do you want your code to be?" he asked. "You pick," she said, her voice barely a whisper. Gently but firmly he moved her finger to type in the code 5683. Then he moved her finger through the code again, repeating his instructions in a soft, steady voice. "There," he said, finally releasing her hand. "All set." "Thank you," she said, her cheeks flushed. "So you can use this in case you get locked out, or you can give the code to friends if you need them to check on a pet, or whatever. Oh, and you can program it through your phone so that you can access it remotely," Peeta listed the many features of the keypad, but his voice had taken on a nervous quality. "And you can change the code anytime," he continued. "Like after I leave, for example, since I know this one. It's sometimes easier to remember if you choose a code that also spells something." Katniss was running her fingertips over the keypad, examining the grid that looked much like a phone keypad, with letters present on each of the numbers. From where he stood close by he could see her cheeks had started to turn pink again. She had just worked out what 5683 might spell. L-O-V-E, she thought, blushing further and wondering if—no hoping—that he did it on purpose. There was only one way to find out. "No, I think I'll leave it," she said boldly, taking a step closer to him. One side of his mouth turned up and he reached out and touched a piece of hair that had come loose from her braid, gently tucking it behind her ear. "Or," she said, licking her lips and watching as Peeta worried his own bottom lip between his teeth, "I could change it. Maybe….5477?" Using her first finger she demonstrated the code, slowly tracing the numbers that spelled out K-I-S-S. Katniss fought to keep the grin off her face as Peeta drew even nearer to her, his hand slipping up her jaw and cradling her face. "I think that is a very excellent idea," he said just before he captured her lips with his own. The kiss was searing, filled with all the warmth and passion she had detected in Peeta. He was gentle, but insistent, running his thumb along her jaw and slipping his hand into her braid at the base of her neck. She wrapped her hands around his neck, sliding her fingers through the blond curls there just as she had wanted to from the moment she first saw them. They broke apart, only for a moment, before she leaned up and reclaimed his lips with even more fervor. When they finally slowed down enough to catch their breath, Katniss spoke first. "Peeta?" she said. "You might want to keep that code memorized. I think you might be using it a lot."