brink of insanity. Then one of the other mutts manages to jump high enough to bite into a different part of his calf. He howls as they tug together, and he slips right out of my hands, jerked to the ground. For a few seconds, I stand frozen in absolute terror, unable to breathe as I watch the mutts tear him apart inch by inch and listen to his helpless, harrowing screeching below. None of my deaths, not being poisoned to death, not being blown to bits, not being charred alive, none of them are even close to as painful as this moment right here. I gather my wits to reach for my bow, wanting to put him out of his misery as quickly as possible. But by the time I get it loaded with an arrow, it's too late. He's already dead. I turn on my heel slowly, seeing Cato pushing himself up into a standing position. I could do it. I could kill Cato right now with this arrow. I could finally escape this nightmare once and for all. Go home to Prim and my mother and Gale. Return as a victor and never have to watch my family starve again. I look over the edge of the Cornucopia. The pack of mutts is still there, munching on pieces of Peeta's flesh. It takes me all of two seconds to decide. I drop the arrow and jump to my death. "Run, Peeta! Run!" We're ahead of the pack now, running toward the Cornucopia. Cato is hot on our trail. As we get to the golden horn, Peeta heaves me up onto it, and then I pull him up quickly, ushering him behind me so he's nowhere near the ledge. I grab my bow and arrow, waiting for Cato to get closer. And just when he does, I launch the arrow straight into his chest. He falls down instantaneously, dead, and the ground swallows the pack of mutts. With wide eyes, I turn toward Peeta. His eyes are just as wide. Did we just win? We hug each other tightly, waiting for some kind of victory announcement. We climb off the Cornucopia, looking around in a daze. I arm myself with my bow and arrow just in case. Then we hear the proclamation from above. There's been another rule change. The previous revision allowing for two victors from the same district to win has been revoked. There can only be one. "Good luck," Claudius Templesmith tells us. "And may the odds be ever in your favor." I feel as though my lungs just collapsed. Peeta turns to me once more, staring at the weapon in my hand. "Go ahead. Do it," he says. I just stare at him blankly. They were never going to let two of us be victors. They just wanted a good show. We gave them a great show. "Do it!" he insists. "Somebody has to go home. Somebody has to win." "No." I shake my head finally. "I won't." Peeta Mellark has saved me in more ways than I can count. And I'll never ever leave here without him. Even if I win. Even if I go home. I'll still be stuck inside this arena forever, reliving the same nightmare for all of eternity. "I love you, Katniss," he says. I know he does. I don't know how I could have ever doubted it. "I've loved you for a very long time. And I'm sorry it's taken me so long to tell you that. But I do. And I won't kill you." He tells me that my family needs me. It's different for him. There's nothing left for him in District 12 without me. Nobody else he really cares about. Nobody who needs him. He's wrong. I do. I need him. I throw down my bow and arrow in disgust and kiss him. I kiss him like nobody's watching, even if thousands of eyes are trained on us right now, wondering what we'll do next. I kiss him not for any single one of those people: not for the audience, not for the sponsors, not for the Gamemakers, not for the Capitol. There's no strategy here, no farewell kiss for star-crossed lovers. Not one second of it is for the Games. I kiss him for me. I never want to stop kissing him. He pushes me away at last, a pained expression on his face. "I know it's not real. I know you've just been trying to survive this whole time." I open my mouth to object, but he continues. "And I don't blame you at all. That's all I want from you, too. I want you to live." He holds up his arms in surrender. "So live. " "It is real, though," I assert. "Maybe I was pretending at first. I did what I needed to do to survive. For both of us to survive. But it's not like that anymore. I…" My voice wobbles. "I love you too, Peeta." The words surprise me as much as they surprise him, his pupils dilating in shock. But I don't regret them at all. Because I know it's true. I love him with everything I am. Suddenly, I'm angry. More than angry. Furious . I pull the Nightlock out of my pocket defiantly. The Gamemakers won't have their victor. Why should they? Besides, I have an idea. Peeta notices the lethal berries and quickly clamps my wrist, trying to stop me. "No, I won't let you." But I ask him to trust me as I pour some of them into his palm. Finally, he does. Then on the count of three, we raise them to our mouths. The berries just pass my lips as I hear Claudius Templesmith call out in a frantic voice. "Stop! Stop! Ladies and gentlemen, I am pleased to present the victors of the Seventy-fourth Hunger Games, Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark!" The next day, I wake up in Peeta's bed instead.