of them would be. Now it was my turn to have my blood taken. I hardly noticed the pinch as I searched the crowd for Bitterblue and Po. If we were in any other district I probably wouldn't have found them, but here in twelve there weren't many people who made an easy living and for those who didn't it was hard to survive until reaping age. And there they were, searching for me as I had been searching for them. I waved once as I walked to my roped-off age group section. Po smiled at me as I took my place beside the other 17 year old girls. I gave a small smile back. I was worried for him. There were only two people I had ever loved, Bitterblue…and Po. Bitterblue was like my little sister, or even like a daughter, but Po… he was something more. "Attention." I was instantly alert, almost going so far as to jumping at the voice that had broken my thoughts. It was just Effie; trying to get the district's attention. The only thing that set this year apart from the others is that when Effie called the mentors up to the stage, Peeta and Katniss walked up to the stage. Haymitch didn't get to trip all over Effie this year. Instead, Panem's newest celebrities looked uneasily down at the crowd, wondering which of us would die under their care. Then it was time for the Mayor's speech. It was the same speech as last year. With the same video. The only one who paid any attention was Effie, in her colourful capitol outfit with a matching wig. This year her outfit was entirely gold, she had been obsessing over the colour since the last games when district twelve had actually won. I guessed it was because of the mockingjay pin that Katniss wore. All too soon the video was over and Effie was marching over towards the glass orbs. She was cheery as always, standing between the two bowls of names. "Well than, ladies first!" Saying that you could hear a pin drop would have been an understatement. I could hear the rapid breathing of more than a few people, others didn't breath at all. I almost told them that suffocating themselves would only cause death faster than being reaped. Effie dropped her hand gracefully into the first orb. For a moment I understood Effie's constant enthusiasm. She had to convince herself that it was all a game. Who could face the reality that every year they picked two children to gruesomely die while their family watched them on a screen far away from them. But in a moment that sympathy vanished. "Bitterblue….I'm sorry but there is no last name…" Effie giggled nervously, confusion written on her face. I turned to my baby sister, the girl I had found in that bloody shack years ago. I had never understood Katniss' sacrifice before. I had admired it, but never understood it. Until now. Bitterblue was wearing the blue dress that made her look like a little girl, but with her stony face you couldn't tell how young she really was. She was looking right at me. "Don't do it Katsa. I don't need your help, there is no childhood for me to lose." Her voice echoed clear through the silence, nobody so much as moved. Except for me. This wasn't a desperate rush like Katniss had. As Bitterblue looked down at me from the stage I stepped forward. I spoke in a loud whisper but in the silence that seemed to engulf me it was a shout. "And that is why you are staying here. Because I won't let them send you to die when you haven't even learned to live." Then louder. "I volunteer as tribute." The world had stopped for that single moment, but as always it started moving again, all too fast. As I took Bitterblue's place, she glared at me. I looked away from her, not wanting to see the unmasked hatred that Bitterblue could show so convincingly. But when I looked away from her, I caught Katniss' eye. She recognised me from our earlier encounter. A look of shock crossed her face before she hid it. I guess we all have our masks. Effie let out a nervous giggle. "A volunteer two years in a row! And what is your name?" I looked over the crowd. Effie shoved the microphone in my face. "Katsa" Another giggle escaped Effie. "Do people not have last names anymore?" Now I was angry, which was probably dangerous. "Only if you never met your parents." That shut her up. That's good, giggling wouldn't have been good for her health. But now she needed to pick a male tribute. I continued looking over my district's head. I didn't need any admiration, any pity. I just looked straight ahead. From the stage you can just barely see between the shops to the seam. My shack was somewhere over there. I might not ever return. "Greening Grandemalion" That snapped me out of my daze. I turned to Effie my face blank. "Po" She looked at me, confused. "His name is Po." And there he was, making his way up to the stage slowly. I threw my idea at him. He didn't nod his head, but I knew he'd heard me. We stood so close together, but not touching. Both of us were looking over the crowd's head, neither of us thinking. Thinking was too painful. Effie wasn't very cheerful anymore. I seemed to have that effect on people. "Everybody put your hands together for district twelve's tributes... Po and Katsa!" This was when we were supposed to shake hands, but neither of us held out our hands for the other to take. We wrapped our arms around each other and kissed. We kissed before district twelve, before the cameras, before Panem. Everybody was watching, but for a moment it was just us. And everything was fine.