I can collect my thoughts he licks along my slit with his tongue. I cry out at the overwhelming pleasure. Gale continues to lick at my entrance, teasing me with a varying pace. My stomach tightens. His lips settle over my clit and his teeth scrape against me as he thrusts two fingers deep inside me. I see stars. My walls clench around him and I fall back from my high completely exhausted. Gale presses kisses up my body before placing a soft lingering kiss on my lips. "You're magical," he murmurs and lays his head on the pillow beside me. "No," I whisper, afraid to ruin the moment, "You are." I roll away from him, reaching into my bedside table to retrieve a condom. I smile at him as I straddle him. I kiss slowly down his chest. My fingers trace over his cock, still held in his boxers. I slip my fingers under the elastic and take off his underwear. I am shocked at myself for being so comfortable with him, especially in my nudity. No one, and I mean, no one, ever gets to see me like this. I realise that Gale isn't any one. He is someone. He's special to me. "Madge Undersee keeps condoms in her nightstand." He chuckles, sitting up so he can wrap me in his arms after I've finished putting on the protection. His cock is big like him and I want him to bury himself deep inside me. I want to give him the same glorious release he just gave me. "There are a lot of things you don't know about me, Gale Hawthorne." I whisper, my forehead resting against his. "I want to know about you," he cups my face in his hands and presses a soft kiss to my lips. It's hard for me to believe that this is the same man who used to scold me for wearing pretty dresses. But then again, this is the same man who led citizens of District 12 to safety during the bombing. I cannot believe that I have this man in my arms at last. I close my eyes and move myself so that my entrance hovers over him. His hands come to my hips as if he senses that I am waiting for him. We both need this. We need to do this together. He gently pushes me down on him and we both moan in pleasure. I roll my hips and he thrusts deeper into me. My hands claw at his shoulders as the pace quickens. My nails scrape. Gale flips us over so I'm on my back and begins his sweet penetration. His lips find my collarbone. His hands find my breasts. I moan out his name as he hits just the right spot inside of me. Sensing what he's done, he repeats the movement. His name gets caught in my throat. My orgasm builds up threatening to release. I can't take much more and Gale seems to feel the same way. He quickens, his strokes becoming faster and faster. He hitches my leg up giving himself more access and pounds deeper into me. I can't take anymore and come violently, his name a breathless cry coming from my mouth. One more powerful thrust and the clenching of my inner walls does it for Gale and he spills into the condom still inside me. Exhausted, he lies on top of me, kissing my face and breathing my name. I smile, "You are magical, Gale Hawthorne." I am lying in a tangle of cotton sheets, the sun streams through the window. An arm is draped over my tummy. I look up and smile at Gale. He's already awake and is smirking down at me with a satisfied look on his face. "Good morning," he murmurs. I reach up and press a tender kiss on his lips, " Good morning, indeed. We lie in each other's arms and I marvel at how he can have so many scars and still be so soft around me. "You know when I told Fiona that I used to sell you strawberries?" he says, interrupting the comfortable silence I'm hesitant to answer this, "Yeah?" "What was she going to say before you interrupted her?" I sigh knowing this could go either way, "She was going to tell you that I hate strawberries…" "You what?" he mutters and shuffles away from me, a pained look on his face. "I thought you said you didn't think of it as charity?" "I didn't!" I tell him, I reach for him, holding his beautiful face in my hands, "I never did!" "Then why buy them?" he whispers. "I bought them because I got to see you." I murmur. "I never ate them but my father did. I always answered the door so I could see you standing on the other side of it. I know it's stupid, I hardly knew you, but I was young and I had the world's hugest crush on you." Gale smirks at this, his last emotion completely gone. "Really?" he asks. Was this boy really so clueless? I press my lips to his and we kiss passionately. "Yes," I breathe and he slides himself inside me. After we've made love again, Gale tells me what I've been curious about for years. "On the day of the reaping, I really did think you had a pretty dress." I laugh at the memory, how I quick I was to throw a comeback right back in his face. His lips hover over mine, "You're the prettiest girl I've ever laid eyes on." And he kisses me. I kiss him back and melt into his arms as we make love once more. It is sweet and lovely and I forget about how mad I was at Fiona for putting me through last night. I have never been more happy since the moment I first caught Gale Hawthorne staring at me from across the square in District 12.