face. Relief that you hadn't been. And since you already thought I was somebody else, I decided to be the guy you were hoping I was." He noticed her features soften visibly, the scowl that had graced her lips melting away. "You pretended to be my date so I wouldn't think I was stood up?" Running a hand through his curls, Peeta nodded. "Pretty stupid, I know. I obviously didn't think about it very much. I just liked being the cause of your smile, even if it was temporary." "Wow," she breathed, more than a little caught off guard. That was not at all what she was expecting him to say. "Look, Katniss." He stuck his hands in his pockets. "I don't know who this Cato guy is, but he's an idiot. And he missed out on getting to know a great girl. I'm sorry I wasn't upfront with you from the start." Katniss suddenly registered the various looks being thrown their way, and she blushed, a bright red hue donning her cheeks once more as she ducked back into the booth, plopping down onto the leather seat. Peeta wasn't sure how to react, so he stood there clumsily until she motioned with her hand for him to sit. As she slowly digested his words, she said, "You were trying to protect my feelings, and you don't even know me." "A misguided attempt perhaps." But she shook her head. "I just thought… I don't know what I thought. I'm sorry I yelled at you. Strangely enough, that's the sweetest thing a guy's ever done for me. Over even said to me." "Well… that's me I guess. Strangely sweet." A smile tugged at her lips at his comment, and she glanced down a moment, noticing a couple of missed texts from Madge on her phone. So you're not speaking to me now? Hello? "Madge still has shit taste then," she chuckled. "You were just an accident." "Yeah, that's what my parents said." Katniss frowned at his words. "Peeta, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean–" "I'm kidding, again." A pause and then, "Well, at least I'm pretty sure they never said it out loud. My father anyway. He likes me. My mother and I have never really…" He gestured with his hands in front of him, creating a circle. "Well, we never really got along, I guess you could say." "Is that why you're unhappy? And maybe even a little sad," she added, repeating his words back to him. "I made my peace with that a long time ago." He took the last sip of his beer before asking, "You ever been surrounded by a bunch of people but feel pretty…alone?" She nodded. "All the time." "Maybe I was just waiting for you to walk into a bar." The ends of Katniss' lips slowly curved into a smile. Teasingly, she asked, "So this is the time of night when you bust out the big guns, huh? Cheesy pickup lines and all." Grinning back at her, Peeta said, "I lather it on real thick, too." "That might be something I could get used to." "Are you implying you might want to do this again sometime? It wasn't a complete disaster?" She shrugged. "Better than the guy with the twitchy eyes at least. He was pretty convinced that humanity was under the control of shape-shifting alien reptiles that required the ingestion of human blood to maintain their human appearance. Oh, and that Elvis was still alive and well." "I feel wholly inadequate upon hearing this information," Peeta remarked. "I mean, how could I ever live up to a guy like that?" Katniss erupted in a fit of hysterics, overtaken by laughter that fizzled in her belly and flowed right out of her mouth like a geyser. It was completely contagious, this sugary sweet confection, and Peeta couldn't help but get caught up in it as well, letting it fill him to the brim. In fact, he was pretty sure he could spend a lifetime existing on just her laughter alone. Tears leaked out of her eyes as she continued to cackle, loudly and without regard for anything or anyone. Her shoulders shook, and she grasped the table for support, as if needing to anchor herself there. She might very well float away if she didn't, feeling lighter than she could remember feeling in forever, the heaviness that usually weighed her down evaporating right out of her pores. Finally, she managed to pull herself together, dabbing her eyes with her napkin. "You're not half bad, Peeta Mellark. I think I might keep you. I mean, if you'll allow it?" Peeta stood up without a word and slid into the booth beside her. His large, sturdy hands bracketed her face, and his lips descended upon her own. Her mouth opened up eagerly for him, reveling in the opportunity to taste him, having wanting to do it since she first laid eyes upon him. His mouth was wet and warm and inviting; she could taste the combination of beer and nachos on his breath mixed with his own natural flavor. Curling his shirt around her fingers, she pulled him closer, angled her face for better access. His kiss was heady, making her dizzy and exhilarated all at once, and the scent of cinnamon and dill that invaded her nostrils was divine. She was consumed by a fire that ignited deep within the fibers of her being, a flickering red and blue flame that seized her flesh and engulfed her from the inside out until she was dissolving beneath his touch. He pulled away to take a breath, rasping against her lips. Katniss' heart hammered inside her chest as she stared into a pair of eyes that were now the color of midnight. But despite swollen lips and dilated pupils, he still grinned at her with that boyish charm of his, and her stomach felt like it dropped out beneath her. Murmuring softly, he said, "I'll allow it."