he asked with mock indignation. "Well, I just think we can do it better." Peeta laughed. "You do, do you?" "Mmhmm," she breathed as she stood on her tip toes once more, her hands fisting in his curls. Then she brought his lips down to hers, sighing at how good he tasted. She angled her face, deepening the pressure, and when his lips parted slightly, her tongue sought the hollow of his mouth. His tongue found her own, and their mouths became entwined in a slow dance. Peeta Mellark had dreamed of this moment since he was a little boy, but the reality of it was even better than anything his mind could have imagined. She felt so perfect swallowed in his arms, and she tasted even better, like Christmas itself. It was his ultimate wish, and now it was actually real. As they continued to kiss beneath the mistletoe, Katniss felt a strange warmth tingling in her chest, and soon it was spreading to every part of her, even her fingertips and toes. This is how it's supposed to feel when the right guy kisses you , she thought. Her insides were on fire, and she just couldn't get enough. When Peeta finally pulled away to take a breath, he rested his forehead against hers with a happy sigh. "Best Christmas ever," Katniss smiled. "Agreed," he responded. He waited a beat and then asked, "So who were you hoping to kiss tonight?" "Nobody important," she dismissed before reveling in his lips again. Peeta walked Katniss to her car, and they agreed to flush out the details of their date before kissing each other one last time. When he was out of sight, Katniss took a deep breath and turned on the radio, humming along to some Christmas tune that was playing. Instead of heading back to her apartment, she found herself parked in front of her old home. She stared at it for a moment, watching the shimmering lights that Prim must have strung along the front door. Finally, she hopped out of the car with the leftover food she'd brought for her sister. She knocked on the door, and a moment later, she was greeted by a pair of blue eyes that looked just like her sister's. "Katniss," Mrs. Everdeen gasped. "What are you doing here?" "Hi Mom," she said quietly. "I brought some food from the company Christmas party for Prim." "Oh, I see." She stepped aside to let Katniss in. "Well, she's in her room reading." Katniss nodded before walking toward Prim's room. But then she stopped and turned on her heel. Her mother looked at her with that same expression she always wore, sorrow. She wished she had been there for her when Katniss had really needed her. There were so many words left unspoken between them, and Mrs. Everdeen didn't even know where to begin to start repairing the damage. But she assumed it was too late to win back the affection of her eldest daughter anyway. As Katniss stared at her mother, she thought about the night she had, how it had gone from disastrous to wonderful in only the course of a few hours. And then she thought of Haymitch Abernathy, the man who had made her life a living hell for the last year. If she could forgive him for all of his awful behavior, surely she could forgive the woman who gave birth to her. After all, it was Christmas. And Christmas was the time to spend with the ones you loved. "My boss gave me the week off. And I was wondering, would it be okay if I came over on Christmas day? Maybe we could share a meal together." Mrs. Everdeen smiled with relief. "I would like that." "Me too." When Prim saw Katniss enter her room, she jumped up with excitement. "Katniss!" Then she wrapped her arms around her and hugged her tightly. Katniss squeezed her sister firmly. Prim was taller than her already, and she suspected she might still grow a bit. But to Katniss, she would always be that little girl with the big blue eyes that looked at her like she hung the moon. "I brought you some food from the party," Katniss told her. "Oh! How did it go? I'm sorry I couldn't help you earlier." "You had much more important things to deal with, Prim. Don't worry about it. I found exactly what I needed." "Good," Prim grinned as she took a bite of one of the cheese buns Katniss had brought her. "Are these from the Mellark bakery?" "Yeah, they catered for us. Aren't they delicious?" Prim bobbed her head as she swallowed. "Peeta makes the best cheese buns." Katniss lilted an eyebrow at her. "You know him?" "Of course. I go in there all the time. Did you know he decorates the cakes as well?" Shaking her head, Katniss said, "No, but I do now." "So did you get anybody to kiss you under the mistletoe?" Prim asked with a knowing smile. Katniss could feel her cheeks flush at Prim's question, thinking of the boy who tasted like sugar and smelled like bread. "Yeah, I did." "He must be on cloud nine right now." "Who must be?" "Peeta, of course." Her eyes twinkled, and Katniss' mouth hung open in shock. "How did you know it was Peeta?" "I'm not a little girl anymore, Katniss. I know some things." Staring at her in disbelief, Katniss asked, "Did you guys plan this or something? Is that why you told me to get the mistletoe?" "A lady never reveals her secrets," Prim said as she bit into a Christmas cookie. Katniss chuckled at her response before hugging her sister again. "I always knew you were smarter than me." "Not smarter," Prim disagreed. "I just see things a little more clearly." "Thank you, Prim," Katniss told her sister. "That was the best gift you could have given me." "Merry Christmas, Katniss." "Merry Christmas, Prim."