in Gale's car headed south towards the outskirts of District 4 and the boundary of the Old Arena. The sun was setting and dusk was beginning to fall. Boggs sat in the passengers seat, smoking from his joint. He was a big guy, a good head on his shoulders, who had come into some bad luck after he failed to do his job successfully. An ex-bodyguard, Boggs was built bigger than Gale, taller and wider across the shoulders with dark skin and darker eyes. He had met Gale in Abernathy's one night three years ago, and the two of them had been friends ever since. Like Gale, Boggs was trying to forget his own life. Sadly for him, Boggs now worked for some club downtown on the nightshift, a job he hated but needed to be able to provide for his daughter. Usually on his night off no one could get him to leave his favourite stool by the bar that was close to the tap. But Gale was offering some fun, and running around in the dark spying on some dumbass MC wannabes sure sounded like fun. They parked far out and walked a ways in through the trees. The Old Arena was a once chartered area of Panem, but now it was just wilderness. No one knew quite why it was called the Old Arena. Apparently a few hundred years ago, it was used for some dumbass game where kids would fight to the death out in the wilderness for sport. People made some fucked up bets and got rich, or so Gale had heard. He figured it was lies, just a bunch of shit people told to keep their kids from going out into the unknown to get high and have sex. Every once in a while someone would go missing and people liked to say it was the ghosts of hundreds of kids picking their next tribute. That or they died getting lost or got picked up by some thugs – probably the Peacekeeper Brotherhood. Due to it being unchartered, the Old Arena was usually used for some illegal drug activity. It didn't surprise Gale that Snow was up to some shady business out in the wild. There was an old parking lot at the border that was unwatched, and empty save for a rusty old bicycle that Gale assumed had been abandoned. He had been out here a few times: going on hikes; buying weeds form a guy, until the poor sod got himself killed by overdosing on heroin. He knew the area pretty well, and figured he knew where Snow could possibly be. They walked in through the woods for half a mile. There was an old building a while out, and Gale guessed they'd be there. It was a lucky guess too. One thing that Gale was good at was thinking like the person he was searching for, that's why he'd become a P.I. He figured he could think like a criminal without being a criminal and still get paid for it. He had also been high as fuck when he filled in the form for a licence and was shocked to say the least when he received his actual licence. Before they came to the building, they saw lights. They crouched down in the bushes, hiding from view and watched a group of men dressed in white walk around to the back of an old pick-up truck. "Who the fuck are these guys?" Boggs said. "Shh…" Gale hushed, watching what was going on from the dirty ground. His knees were filthy but he crawled forward a bit to get a better view. He was in his element. He reached for his notepad, and that's when he saw Snow. The oil tycoon was in his sixties, white haired, as his name would suggest. He always wore a spotless white suit with a frilly rose in his breast pocket. To Gale, it looked like he was arguing with someone. They were too far away for Gale to hear anything, yet they didn't appear to be saying anything. Snow did all the talking, and although Gale could barely hear him, he could see them clearly. One man – of the Peacekeeper brotherhood – reached behind him to one of his brothers, who handed him a white bag. He passed it to Snow who cut through the bag with a knife and tasted the white substance within. It was a few seconds before Snow spoke again. And by the looks of things, it wasn't going down well. He tossed the bag to a man behind him dressed in black with the most ridiculous beard Gale had ever seen, and pulled out a gun and shot the brother point blank. Blood spattered over Snow's suit. The body fell limp to the ground, and Gale watched in shock as Snow turned his back to talk to his men. Gale opened his notebook to make a quick note of the licence plate of the car that was parked behind Snow, but realised he didn't have a pen. "Fuck, you got a pen Boggs?" Gale muttered. He watched Snow shrug out of his jacket and threw it down on the ground by the dead body. "Boggs!" Gale hissed. He made to turn, but got a glimpse of a woman with her pale arm wrapped around his friend's throat. Gale almost laughed at her skinny ass arm, until he saw the shine of a knife. "Don't move!" the woman held the knife to Boggs's throat. Her long blonde hair was flowing to the rhythm of the breeze. Her face was free of make-up, and displayed wide frightened blue eyes. Gale would notice those blue eyes anywhere. Damn, he'd spent his half his teenage years trying to forget those eyes, and his twenties trying to remember them. "Gale Hawthorne?" the woman asked, shock written all over her pretty face. Gale's heart thundered in his chest, and he craved a cigarette. "Madge Undersee?"