that. And I want the very best for you. I hope this is it." "It is, I'm sure it is." I respond, whispered quietly in sudden apprehension. "Now we just have to convince the bride." He laughs, pulling out of the hug to slap me on the back. "I don't envy you on that one." I don't envy me either. Katniss can be very stubborn when she doesn't want to something, and that's being kind. But then a thought hits me so hard, it's as if I've just taken a punch to gut. "Dad," I say freezing. "What if she doesn't want to do this? What if she hates me so much that I'd be the worst solution she could think of." "Why would you say that?" He asks fiercely. "You're a great kid, Peeta, or rather I should say man, now. And besides, I highly doubt she hates you." But I don't know. And that fear keeps biting away at me. Katniss's POV I laid there for a long time. Time itself seemed to ebb and flow and it could have been ten minutes or ten hours. All I could see were memories and snippets of Gale and I. The day he caught me inspecting his snares in the woods, the hours spent in each other's company talking and sharing secrets, the day we were together. It all keeps playing over and over in my head when I hear my mother's voice from far away. Little by little, it gets closer and then she's shaking me. Her eyes are full of fear and roam over my body looking for the source of my stupor. "What is it?" She asks, her voice high and reedy. "Gale...Gale is dead." And tears overtake me again. Eventually she gets me to calm down, and now I'm sitting on the edge of the couch sipping some sort of herbal tea. I tell her what I saw on television, the death of Gale. She bursts into tears and pulls me into her arms. "Poor Hazelle," she says. "This is going to kill her." Finally after a few minutes, she gains control of herself. She dabs the remaining tears from her eyes. I scrub mine with the back of my hand. "Katniss, we need to talk." Before she can get any further, there's a knock at the door. I gaze dejectedly out the grimy window. She retreats to answer the door, and returns but I don't turn to look at her. I keep my eyes on the window. "Katniss, we have visitors. And we need to talk." I turn, slowly, numbly, to see who's here. My breath catches as I see Peeta and his father enter behind my mother. He catches my eyes with his, his tender blue eyes, and I simply drop mine to the floor. You should just give up on him right now, he's out of your reach. He deserves better than you. And I know that. Peeta Mellark, the best person I know, deserves better than a girl like me. Mother seats Peeta and Mr. Mellark on the love seat that's at a right angle to the couch I'm on, the sits down beside me. "Prim's upstairs. I told her not to come down right not, so we won't be disturbed. Can I get anyone anything?" "Oh, no thanks Olive." Mr. Mellark seems to steady himself. "I've talked to Peeta about what we discussed earlier-" And then it hits me what he's just said. My mother told him and he's told Peeta! How could she do this to me? I gaze over at her, leveling my eyes, anger flashing through them. How in the hell could she do this? I open my mouth, not even sure what I'm about to spew at her when Mr. Mellark cuts me off. "Katniss, please, if I may. Before you unleash what I am sure is a very justified tirade, just hear us out." He paused to let me react. My eyes dart over to Peeta and he's staring at me intensely. I can feel my face redden, burning in shame, then drop them to the floor again. I can't face him, his judgments. I nod woodenly. "Olive was right when she said that your future is very limited Katniss. I know this must be very scary for you, but Peeta and I feel we've found a solution to this situation. That is if you will agree as well. None of this will be against your will, Katniss." He adds, his voice gentle. "None of what?" I ask timidly. I don't understand what he's implying. "Katniss, will you marry me?" Peeta asks, dropping to one knee. A/N pt. 2: I usually only write from Peeta's pov, which I find ironic since I'm female. There's just something about Katniss that I struggle with, writing wise. But, in my opinion, this story wouldn't be as good from his eyes only. I say that to say this: please bear with me while writing as her. I'm trying. Also, some of you reading this may know I'm currently working on another story. I have not abandoned it, I promise. I just got bit by a plot bunny and as hard as I tried to work on my other piece, this one wouldn't go away. So I sat down, wrote this until I got it out, so that I can go back to my other work. That means I'm going to try my best to finish that before I get back to this, BUT I'm almost done with it so it shouldn't take long. Honestly, I wanted to publish this in the meantime to get a feel of it's reception and see what people think about it. So please, review away. I always love to hear from you. Lastly, this is semi-canon. There are no Hunger Games, but the struggles and the rebellion of the people remain. Katniss and Peeta will probably be OOC on and off as well, especially Katniss.