so. "I think you might have a slight temperature." Katniss said nothing in response. "I love you so much, Katniss. And you know I'm here for you however you need me to be. If you just want me to lay here with you while you cry and curse at the world, I'll do it," Peeta insisted. "I've been doing it. But you're beginning to scare me, sweetheart. You're so weak, and you barely eat anymore. I know you don't want it, but I really think you need help." She stiffened a bit in his grasp. "Johanna swears by this Dr. Aurelius guy. He's supposedly one of the best out there, and talking to him might do you some good. We could set up an appointment, just a preliminary appointment–" "No," Katniss said flatly. Peeta sighed. "Will you at least get looked at tomorrow? Make sure you don't have the flu or something." There was a long, lingering moment of silence, and Peeta feared she would turn down this request as well. "Okay," she whispered at last. Squeezing her tightly, he said, "Thank you." Peeta told her he would drive her to a clinic tomorrow, but Katniss insisted he go to work. Madge would bring her instead. When he pulled into the driveway the next evening, holding onto some other casserole dish Delly had made for him, he let out a large sigh. He'd called Madge earlier to find out how everything had gone, and she'd dismissed him pretty quickly, insisting she had to take another call. Now he was worried about what he was going to find when he stepped into his house. Much to his surprise, the lights were all on, and there was noise coming from the kitchen. With his brow furrowed, he wandered in; his pupils immediately dilated when he noticed Katniss standing over the kitchen counter stirring something in a pot. He rubbed his eyes to make sure he wasn't hallucinating from lack of sleep, but she was still there when he blinked them again, humming to herself. "What's going on?" Katniss turned around, her face lighting up with a smile. "Just making dinner. It should be done in a few minutes, so you're right on time." He had trouble finding his voice as he carefully scrutinized the woman in front of him. Was this his wife or some crazy clone that had been sent here to replace her? Maybe he'd been watching too much TV lately. But he didn't understand the drastic change in her mood. She was still pretty thin, but her eyes were far less hollow than they'd been in months. And she was smiling at him, actually smiling. He almost forgot how breathtaking she was, how her smile could light up his entire day, his entire life actually. His heart swelled in his chest, relief coursing through his veins. "I hope you're as hungry as I am," she added, checking something in the oven. "I could probably eat a whole cow at this point." "So… you're not sick?" When she saw the hopeful expression on his face, she said, "I think you should sit." Her tone became a little more subdued, and that worried him a bit, but he pulled out a chair anyway. Katniss checked the food one more time before sitting down across from him. Her eyes bounced around his face, as though she was trying to memorize every single detail, and then she exhaled, "I was wrong." "About what?" Peeta wondered, biting his lip. "About everything," she said quietly. "This whole time I thought I was the fool, that the future was screwing with me just to screw with me. I saw Prim dying in a vision that was connected to the birth of our daughter, and I always thought that meant something very specific. In order for her to live, Prim had to die. It was an awful truth, but it was one that I had at least come to terms with. It meant something. But then I couldn't have children, and she died anyway. She was murdered in cold blood, just because some guy didn't like a decision some cardiologist made…" she trailed off. "It couldn't have been about us or our child then. It had to be about her . It was always about Prim. And I couldn't stop it. I couldn't save her." Her eyes dimmed for a moment when she spoke those words, as though she were transported somewhere else. When Peeta reached across the table to squeeze her hand, she shook those unpleasant thoughts away and smiled at him again. When he saw the light return to her eyes, he said, "I don't follow. What does all that mean?" "I was the fool, Peeta. I was the biggest fool. My vision of Prim being hit by a car while I was delivering our baby was a message. But this whole time, I'd been interpreting it wrong." "About the way she was going to die?" he wondered. She shook her head emphatically. "No, about what it meant. Our daughter wasn't born so that Prim would die. Prim died so that our daughter would have a chance at life." His eyes narrowed skeptically. "Her death did have meaning, Peeta," she insisted. "She sacrificed herself so that we could know our daughter, so that we could hold her in our arms, so that we could love her. And I know that Prim is out there somewhere. She's watching us with that childlike smile plastered to her face, that perceptive look in her eyes. All she ever wanted was to help people, to make their lives better. And she did. She really did." Katniss nodded as though she finally understood, her eyes welling with tears. "Her last gift to me is one I will always cherish." Peeta's breath became trapped inside his chest, the meaning of her words starting to sink in. "Katniss, what are you saying?" She gently placed her hand on her stomach. "I'm pregnant."