and I hunt. "You know, we could do it." Gale says, breaking the silence. "Do what?" I ask. "Take off. Run away into the Forrest." I look at him like he's crazy, "What and leave Prim?" "Nah. The kids can come too of course, and Madge if she wants." Madge was my best-friend at school. We always sat together, she also happened to be the Mayor's daughter and she was dating Gale. "Prim and Madge in the woods?" I say. "They would get used to it." he argues. "Gale, we wouldn't make it five miles without getting caught." "I'd make it five miles." "Gale we'd get caught or before that killed." we were arguing now. He sighs in frustration, "It was just a suggestion". "I never want to have kids." I say suddenly. "I might." he pauses and then continues, "If I didn't live here." "But you do live here." I say. "Yeah I said if I didn't." what was all this? Gale talking about running away and having children. I bought it up because I thought he'd agree with me, but he didn't. Why wouldn't he agree with me? "We should probably head back soon." I say. It's like he was completely ignoring me. "I hate the Capital!" Gale exclaims. "So do I. But I can't really do anything about it you know." I say. "They are so selfish! Making children murder other children! It's sick! They make us starve and work for then for nothing! I hate them!" he yells. Gale was furious. "Calm down Gale. Yelling isn't going to do anything." "It makes me feel better." "I'm sure it does. Sit back down. We'll share a cheese roll." I pull one out of my back pack and break it in half. A few seconds later Gale sits beside me. He's calmed down now, I can tell. He isn't red anymore and he's breathing evenly again. "Well happy hunger games," he begins. "And may the odds be ever in your favour." I finish. We both laugh. We loved quoting our district escort, Effie Trinkett. Soon after we left the Forrest. We didn't bother hunting this morning. No one would be interested anyway. Everyone was just too concerned for the children today. We stop at my house first, "I'll see you in the square Catnip." Gale says and then he leaves. I watch as he walks back home. I enter. Prim bounces to the door, she was wearing my first Reaping outfit, a long brown skirts and white shirt. She spun around in front of me. She had a little of the shirt untucked at the back. I smile at her, "You better tuck in that tale little duck." I say. She blushes slightly then fixes her top. "Mum left a bucket if hit water for you and a dress on the bed." she says. I smile warmly at her. I walk to the bathroom area. I scrub my body. I have dirt all over me. I scrub my feet the most. They are most dirty. After I'm all clean up towel off and put on my mother's dress. It was light blue and silky. I knew it was a dress that she treasured, as it was one if her very few from when she was a townie. "You look beautiful Katniss. Let me do your hair." Mum said as she came up behind me. I never let her do motherly things, except my hair every now and then. She braided my hair delicately and swirled it up. It looked amazing. Prim came into the room once mum had finished. "You look beautiful Katniss!" she exclaims. "Not as pretty as you little duck." I respond and turn to face her. She beams at me. "It's time to go girls." Mum says almost regretfully. I take Prims hand and so does mum. We walk out of our house and to the square. It's crowded already. Prim takes her place at the back with the other 12 year olds. And I take my place up front with the 16 year olds. I keep thinking about Prim. She wasn't going to get chosen. Her name was only in the cup once, mine was in 20 times because of the tesserae. Tesserae is something you can trade for. Your name automatically gets put in the cup once but you can trade to have your name in the cup more times for tesserae for each member of the family. Tesserae is food that lasts for about a month or so. Gale is who I should really worry about though; his name is in 42 times. I glance over to where he's standing, he smiles at me and I smile back. Mayor Undersee walks up on stage. He makes his speech. It's the same every year, about what an honour it is to represent your district and blah, blah, blah. Then he introduces Effie. God she looks awful. Bright pink hair with a matching pink outfit and shoes, she has pink lashes, pursed pink lips and a pale white face that looks like she just grabbed some powder and chucked it on herself. I couldn't believe that it was considered stylish. She looked like a clown! She began, "Welcome, welcome. Happy hunger games, and may the odds be ever in your favour." she starts like this every-time. She then moves on to the reward of the winner and the honour that it brings to your district. Etcetera, etcetera, I tuned out for most of it. "Ladies first." she says I pay attention now. She fumbles around for a minute and then grabs a piece of paper. The waiting is torture. She said a name and it wasn't even mine, "Primrose Everdeen." So that's my first chapter, again I apologize for the confusion to anybody. Also Katniss trades with Peeta because I need them to have a previous relationship before the games because otherwise Katniss can't really fall for him like that. Anyway thanks for reading!