me, seemed like an eternity. "Mr. Treass," he then replies, shaking the bald man's hand and pretending something didn't just click in his brain. "If you would, please, follow me." . . . "How was your trip?" I hear near me, but pay no attention. "Kaleb?" "Huh?" My dad is watching me with a small frown on his face. I swallow the mouthful of potatoes I had stuffed myself with a few seconds ago, before I reply. "Alright," I say casually. "We went to The Nut&Nut." I watch my dad nod slightly before he too, went back to his dinner. His blue eyes settle on the TV screen and he says nothing else after that. I mean to say something more, but I come up short. I let my gaze fall on the screen as well, but I don't know what we are watching. Ever since I saw it, I can't help thinking about Katniss' bow back in District 2. I keep wondering why it has been kept there and not destroyed as my parents believe it is. If they military never intended to get rid of it, why is it at a museum, of all places? It's humming means it still works, so why isn't it storied away at an actual military base then? Also, does Tristan know it works? Because the way he spoke about it, seems as if he believed that the bow's glory days are over. As I keep chewing who knows what, I think about that kid and the fact that he didn't out me. Well, it's not like there was anyone around to whom he could tell about me. The only people at the museum apart from him and a couple of guards were my classmates, who are perfectly aware of my identity. Still, the kid didn't act surprised or tried to get me to talk to him again. He didn't stalk me with questions about my parents like most people who don't know them do. I guess I'm grateful to the kid for that. I try to finish my dinner without thinking about my day anymore and soon realize that my dad is no longer in the living room. He's in the kitchen, cleaning up. I drink what's left of juice in my glass and turn the TV off. "Do you need any help?" "No, it's alright, son," he replies as he takes my plate from my hands. I stand there, not knowing what to say. My father and I have never had much in common. I shared more interests with Katniss than with him. It's Piper the one that knows how to talk to him. And she left after they got back from the nut-house. So it's just him and I. I watch him for a minute or two and wonder if he had a rough day. I don't know how to read his body language; I don't know how to read him at all. Maybe I should ask about Katniss; if she's feeling any better, but I can't bring myself up to care. "Citizens of Panem, I greet you," I suddenly hear from the living room. I'm sure I turned the TV off. I walk out, with my dad behind me and see the screen on. There's an old man, probably in his mid-forties, with silver blonde hair and pale blue eyes. He's wearing a military suit while he gives us a rather charming smile, as if he was a salesman charged with an offer you wouldn't want to reject. "I am Commander Sundance, and from this night on, I will be your President," he says with a voice just as charming as his smile. I walk slowly to the couch and sit, hypnotized by something I have never experienced before and notice my dad still standing far behind. "Gee, that sounded slightly ridiculous. I must fire my speech assistant," the man says. "Allow me to elaborate, my fellow patriots." I look back at my dad and see him pale, as if he has seen a ghost that arose from the dead and came back to haunt him as long as he remains alive. There's a mask of horror painting his face; horror I had only seen once, when he was much younger, during the last round of The Hunger Games that ever televised, in a recording I had been yelled at for watching. "This is your current leader, President Paylor," the camera then turns to a woman with gray hair that sits on a red chair, before the man addresses just her. "How are you, darling?" I see the Head of Panem give the man a cold, unwavering look and then notice what seem to be stitches holding her lips together. Then it all becomes clearer; I see her wrists tied to the chair, her hair ruffled and her clothes tainted with blood, and I refuse to wonder whose blood that is. I have the feeling that won't matter for long. "As I'm sure everybody knows, the woman I long ago knew as Commander Paylor, took the presidency of our country by a random act of improvisation when the leader back then, died in the hands of a rotten minded teenager," the man says and his salesman manner no longer seems charming, but like that of a psychopath. "I, President Coin's faithful follower, Eustace Leon Sundance, will be replacing Commander Paylor as the head of Panem…" He holds his hand out and an invisible person places a gun in it. "From this…" he loads the gun with one single bullet. "Moment…" he removes the safe. "On." He shoots President Paylor at the last word and I feel a lump on my throat and a painful need to throw up as soon as her blood splatters all over. I close my eyes and try to tell myself this isn't happening. Don't look at the blood. Don't look at the blood. Don't look at the blood. Don't - "Embrace the New Regimen."