Not that I was disappointed. I got to the 15 year old section during the end of the Dark Days video, and I was thankful I didn't have to watch the whole thing. Though, I didn't watch it anyway, I just stood on my tip toes and searched for Jace in the 18 year old section. I knew where he'd be standing, near the front, and next to his Career friends. I could never get over his decision to become a Career. It was probably just because his brother had been one, and he wanted to take after him, but I just hated it. He was probably really disappointed too, because this was the last year he could go into the Games and he had trained all those years for this. He might get picked, though . The thought made me shiver inside, and I don't know why. I just didn't want him to go into the Games, even if he hated me. I assure you, I wasn't all that fond of him either, I just didn't want him to. He was the only person around my age that knew who I was, and once, long ago, he had been my friend. Our escort, the always colorful, Rain Howard, tapped the microphone with one of her perfect nails to see if it worked. Realizing it did, she fixed her bright red wig and her dark green suit and cleared her throat. The sound echoed through the District, not a very pleasant sound either. "As you know, the tributes this year have been selected by the citizens of the Capitol. There are different reasons for each selection, but please remember, do not take this personally." Rain chirps as high pitched as a swallow. I wonder how it could not be personal, but, of course, I don't say anything. "Also, please remember that there will be no volunteering." She continues, saying it directly to the group Jace was standing in. Some of the Careers were chuckling, some smirking, and some just looked focused. "Alright, so first, the girl!" Rain exclaims and reaches for a pink envelope that's on a nearby table. This is it . All I can think of is the sound of my heartbeat in my ears. Suddenly, I've never been so scared and I don't know why I am now. "The girl, selected because the Capitol citizens wanted to see what she was capable of, is Tomisin Starr!" Rain announces, delighted. I, on the other hand, am not. My legs feel like jelly, and I can just barely control them. I manage to make my way to the Peacekeepers before my knees buckle and they have to half-drag, half-carry me to the stage where I am dropped off in front of Rain. She smiles at me, and I just stare at her. She knows I am unhappy, she knows I am scared, yet she smiles. It's not a reassuring smile; it's a smile that has been stitched onto her face from living in the Capitol. She knew how I felt and she was happy, because of where she had grew up and lived. One day, she would have kids and they would think the same things and believe the same things. "The boy, nominated because the Capitol wanted to give this Career a chance to be in the Games, because it's his last year to be in the Games-" No , I think, my luck can't be that bad. It can't be; what are the chances? "-is Jean-Luc Anderson!" She announces. Who the hell is Jean-Luc?! I wonder and scan the 18 year old section, and I see Jace making his way to the stage. What? His name's Jace, not Jean-Luc! What is he doing?! I yell at myself in my mind, but he just keeps coming to the stage. He gives Rain a charming smile, and then gives me a sad one. She tells us to shake hands and we do, he knows what I'm thinking. He knows that I know his name isn't Jean-Luc. He whispers to me, telling me that it's his real name, and that he just goes by Jace, before we are separated by a wall in the Justice Building. My sister comes in, we hug, we cry, and then the Peacekeeper comes and pulls us apart. And that's it, that's all that comes for me. Obsidian can't come, because he went to see Jace, or Jean-Luc, I don't really know anymore. I don't know anything anymore. A Peacekeeper comes and escorts me to an awaiting train. I can't breathe, it feels like the air is thin and I can't breathe, yet the Peacekeeper is breathing fine. Black spots start to appear in front of my eyes, and I can't tell up from down. I don't really care anymore; I'm going to die soon. But I will not pass out right now , I tell myself, and force myself to open my eyes. The Peacekeeper is kneeling beside me, asking if I'm alright. I'm so sick of that question. People are always asking me it, but I find that none of them actually care. I turn to him and yell, "No! I'm not alright! I'm sick, I'm tired, and I'm scared! I'm going to die, and you know what? No one is going to care! No one will miss me!" I then push his hands away and sprint towards the train. The second I'm onboard, the train starts and I'm off to the Capitol, with Jace. I lose my balance, and fall into something. I look up and see Jace, his bright blue eyes sad and worried. Something I would've never expected to see from him – or anyone. I just push past him and run through a door where I find a bed. I decide that this is my room, and throw myself under the covers and bury me head in the pillow. Okay, yeah, um, new story. No hate please. Thanks lovelies.