long, but I couldn't look away. The more I sat and watched, the more helpless I felt, but I couldn't stop. I hated myself for being so powerless. I'd take his place if I could. I'd die a thousand times for every tribute if I could. Why the hell couldn't I!? I can't look anyone in the eyes anymore. I can't find a reason to smile. I try to fake a smile, but it only comes out strained and hollow. I tried to comfort Sharon, even though I'd never spoken to her before. I didn't think I'd be able to say anything great, but I somehow found the words. I was able to make her feel better, if only for a little bit. But nothing could make me feel better. I couldn't heed my own advice, listen to my own words. I was only drowning in my own despair, and I wasn't fighting it. I was letting it drag me down. But then there was Angel and Jerry, Aster and Jinx, Kalina and Scorpii. My friends during the arena... they were all coupled together, so I had stopped being around them. I was only the third wheel, anyways. But there was also Kaiden, my only alliance member who wasn't with another one of my alliance members. But he was normally with Lynn and Alice, so I tried not to bother him too much, and we weren't all that close anyways. But now, all seven of them were standing before me with worried looks on their faces. "Are you okay, Slate?" Jinx asked. "We've been really worried about you..." Angel said, and Jerry nodded to confirm it. Why were they worried about me? I didn't think anyone had noticed. "I'm fine." I replied instantly, but it was a lie, and I saw that no one believed it. "We're your friends, Slate. Tell us what's wrong, please." Kalina pleaded, and I couldn't stand to look at any of them. I looked away and said nothing. "You've been here for all of us!" Jinx exclaimed, surprizing me. I looked back at the group of my friends, wide eyed, as she continued. "Even though you could have killed Aster, even though he was an enemy, you saved his life. You've shown us kindness that we never thought we'd see in the arena!" "You made me feel like I was someone." Jerry said. "Not just a part of the background." Scorpii spoke next, hesitantly. "Even though I died, you did save my life. It didn't matter who the person was, you've always cared. About everyone." "You helped me with my revenge, and showed me kindness I'd never really seen before in my entire life." Kaiden added. "What we mean, is that you've helped all of us." Jinx said, this time in a softer voice. "And we all really appreciate it. Which is why we're all sad that you've been acting, well... Well, a bit like Jay, actually. And we want to help you. That's what friends are for." I looked around at everyone's faces, and saw that everyone felt that way. And, suddenly, I felt so stupid. I didn't need to be holding everything in on my own. I didn't need to feel so alone. Because I wasn't alone, I had all these great friends right in front of me the entire time. It's not something that I'm used to. I'm used to being alone... "Okay..." I said, smiling up at the faces of all my friends, and then I told them how I felt, and I felt so much better with them near. I knew that I'd never have to be alone again. Normal POV~ Everyone sat together as they watched Jay. There was no bickering of the districts, no fighting or laughing or joy. There was only despair as they watched on, helpless to end the suffering of the one tribute who had not died. There were no smiles, not even on the faces of the careers. No one liked to see suffering like this. Because the feeling of pain the careers so much loved to watch, was completely different than the hollow, dry, bitter pain that Jay had to face. Katharine A. McKinnon, Cly Bove, December Halley, Nate Brenner, Sharon Fortran, Kai Leoni, Issac Blackfin, Kenna Sebastien, Indigo Flux, Angel Semifer, Jerry Sawyer, Kalina Ashdon, Kaiden Sooner, Jinx Ramirez, Slate Arthur, Norra Eris, Jarrod Hayes, Brooklynn Crystals, Tobias Milit, Alice de Angelo, Aster Marino, Percella Aquarius, and Scorpii Aquarius. Those were the names of all the tributes who had died in the eighteenth Hunger Games. Some of them had killed each other, some of them died by mutts, but all of them were dead. It wasn't something debatable, it was a part of fate that each and every one of them had to accept. All they could do was watch the living, now. They were no longer a part of that world. But with the bonds they had created during the Hunger Games, they weren't sad or lonely. And for those who didn't have any bonds- well, the certainly had enough time to form them. It was much easier to accept death when you were surrounded by your friends. And maybe a piece of the world was missing, but that piece would be filled one day, and Jay would be welcomed with open arms. Jay had won. He had faced the demons of winning the Hunger Games, he had carried the weight of his sister and his best friend's death on his shoulder. He had killed and cried, and lived more than he ever had lived in the Hunger Games. And when the Hunger Games had ended, he had died more so than any of the other tributes. He had changed. And even though he had killed, no one really held it against him. They couldn't blame him for trying to live. For living. That was the point of the Hunger Games, after all. The person who won always suffered the most.