and placed a sloppy wet kiss on my mouth. I finally worked up enough strength to push the must smelling creature away from me. I fell out of the Angelo's arms and onto the wet dirty ground. Angelo backed away while the Vito and Frank attacked me at once. Frank picked me up off the ground, and I slapped him. Frank touched his redden cheek while Vito punched me on the right side of my face. The punch left the right side of my face throbbing, and it felt as if one side of my skull had been cracked. I cried out in pain. I laid my body on the ground, with my head still throbbing. Frank pulled a switch blade out of his pocket, and I began to scream for help. "Someone help me!" I screamed forgetting about my pride. "Shut up!" Angelo said. "Go ahead," He instructed to Frank. "No," I said fighting against Frank as he held the blade over my abdomen. "Someone help me!" I screamed again as I held onto the blade that was only inches away from puncturing me. I kicked him in his genitals, and Frank still stabbed me in the area where my gallbladder was located. He pulled the knife out of my abdomen. I yelped in pain once again, and then I heard the sounds of guns shots firing. Frank fell on top of me staining my clothes with his blood and increasing the burning pain in my abdomen. My vision was foggy, and I could barely focus. I felt like I was slipping in and out of consciousness, but I heard the grunting noises for two different voices. I figured it must have been between Angelo and a stranger since the other two had been shot and killed. I moved Frank off of my body, and the stinging pain in my said made me want to vomit. I felt something thick and bitter tasting threatening to escape my throat, and I knew it must have been blood. I slowly lifted my upper body off the ground and I strained my eyes to see Zander fighting against the large mob associate. I could hear Zander struggling until the man knocked him on the ground and pulled a gun out on him. I placed one hand across my stab wound, and I snatched the knife from the dead man's stiff hand. I stood on my two feet and limped behind Angelo. He did not sense me walking behind him, and Zander did not see from Angelo's obese body. I lunged the knife into Angelo's back hoping that I stabbed him in the spinal cord. Angelo shrieked from pain or shock. I stabbed him repeatedly in the back, and Angelo dropped the gun on the ground. I took all of my pain and anger out on Angelo by stabbing all over his back and side. I stabbed Angelo until his body fell onto the ground beside Zander with a low thump. I still had a tight grip of the blade, and I stared at Zander like a mad woman. Zander stared at me with a wide eyed, shocked expression. Then he glared at the hemorrhaging stab wound on the right side of my abdomen. "Your bleeding," was all Zander said. Then he stood off the ground and reached for the knife in my hands. "It's ok you can trust me." He said trying to take the knife. I pointed the knife at him. "I don't trust anyone." I said ready to kill him if he made one wrong movement. Then the sound of police siren's sounded. Zander backed away from me picked up his gun. "We have got to get out of here." Zander said and I could almost see the panic in his eyes. "I'm not going anywhere with you." I replied still wanting to attack him. This was partially his fault. "Listen if you don't come with me then we'll both go to jail." Zander replied frantically. "It was self- defense." I defended. "Not if you kill a man from behind. Trust me, I know about law enforcement." Zander added, and I knew he was lying. The sirens noises grew louder. "Come with me, you can trust me." He said practically repeating himself. "Fine," I replied sticking the knife in my skirt. "But this doesn't mean I trust you." I said. "Fair enough." Zander replied. Zander grabbed my hand and pulled me through the alley. I ran behind him gasping in pain along the way. Zander and I ran down a back street on the opposite side of the apartment building we were passing, and I felt like my head was spinning. The police sirens seemed to grow louder, and I could barely focus on my surroundings especially in the dark. Then all of a sudden everything went black, and I felt my body hit the ground. I had lived in Brooklyn for twenty one years, and I never imagined I would become a fugitive. AN: Well, well, well. I never thought I would write a Hunger Games AU especially for the Mafia. I don't know anything about the Mafia or mob so yeah. All I can say is I tried. School has been pretty difficult for me emotionally. I accidentally split paint on one of my classmates in my Drama Production's class and I have a feeling I'll be judged for it. It would make me feel better if I got at least one review, fav, or follow. You can even PM me. It will give me some motivation to update. I will update my 112th Hunger Game story soon as well. If you haven't read my story 111th Hunger Games: Shadow or the sequel 112th Hunger Games: Reflections check it out! This is an AU based off of those stories. THIS IS TECHNICALLY A ONE SHOT. I MAY ADD SOME CHANGES LATER…. Thanks for reading. The title was inspired by the song Gods and Monsters by Lana Del Rey.