and curse Madge inwardly for putting me on the spot the way she did. I'm sure I can dodge future visits. "It's been my pleasure," I mumble out of politeness because what else could I say? And until a few moments ago, it would have been the truth. I hurry past them, not caring that I came here with Madge and everything I own is locked in her godforsaken dorm room. It feels like the walls are closing around me and I need space, I need room to breathe. "Katniss, wait!" The shout echoes in the otherwise empty hallway of the science building where the whole dilemma was chosen to take place. Neutral surroundings and everything emphasized by bright and uncomfortable neon lights. "See, Cato's been, lying, you are not a bad kisser." Madge has jogged up behind me. I notice with a hint of satisfaction that she is a bit out of breath. I am not her, I am not pretty and most wouldn't even call me likeable. Feeling set up like this is more than humiliating. "So this is what this has been about? Proving me wrong by exposing me to what I now assume is the man-whore of the campus? What happened to 'the keeper kind of guy', huh?" I snap. "Katniss, no – NO. It's not. Would you please stop?" Madge grabs me by my shoulders and I halt involuntary. When I don't turn, she walks around me to force me to look at her. I keep my arms down which shake with humiliation. She doesn't need to see me losing it and trembling I am. A hint of recognition and guilt runs across her face despite my attempt to hide my feelings but I guess my face gives everything away as usual "You have been helping me out a great deal, you know that, and Peeta certainly is no man-whore. I wouldn't do that to you. Peeta is a great guy, everyone knows that and I thought he might do you good. Both of you have been helping out more than you'll ever know. And yes, I hoped it would get you over your fears, I'm sorry, but I had your best interests at heart, please believe me." Her voice trails off as she glances over my shoulder. "We'll talk later, I'll wait outside for you, okay? Please don't hate me for this!" At the moment, I find it hard not to. "I'll try," I mutter. What did she think pulling a stunt like this, pushing me into a kiss that she must have known would spin my senses. At least that's what I assume she thought by pairing me off with him. I see her leave towards the exit. I don't need to turn around to know who is behind me, damn I can actually feel him. "Katniss?" he asks. Now that he is directly behind me, I inhale his scent again. It aches because minutes ago I kissed him, minutes ago he was all mine even if it was only for the camera. It wasn't real. "Peeta," I reply in what I hope sounds indifferent. He doesn't need to know that I can still feel him on my lips, that deep down inside of me I long for more. Not real , I tell myself, it was all for the camera . My face is said to be an open book and I know it's for the best that he cannot see it. "I…. I…" "It's okay, you needn't say anything. It was nice for me too." I lie, understatement of the year. "Only nice?" he asks and his breath tickles my neck. "Admittedly quite nice," I agree. That's all I'll ever admit to and even that was too much information. "Nice enough for a repeat performance without an audience?" he enquires further and it is only now, despite knowing I shouldn't, that I turn to face him. "You felt it too, didn't you?" he asks. He seems sincere, no traitorous mocking twitch around his mouth like there had always been on Cato's. His arms reach out for me. I stare at them for a moment too long, not sure what I should do now, so he draws them back rather awkwardly but comes closer. "I'm not another notch in your belt." The words tumble out of my mouth before I can help it. But I won't take them back now and straighten my shoulders. "I never said you'd be." To that I can only snort. "Katniss, go out with me." "You've only just met me," I object. I am glad that reason has taken over even though standing so close to him makes me want things. "That's what dating is for." "But I live three towns over." It's as if I'm rattling down a list, I hope I don't sound as yammering as I feel. "Katniss, that kiss in there," he points with his thumb behind him towards room 451, "experiment or not, it just felt right. You know that as well as I do." I look him straight in the eye, searching for a hint that he is lying, but he never breaks the contact. I only see vulnerability in there, and maybe affection. God, I hope it's affection. "I don't know," I reply, "I…" He laces his fingers with mine. Again. And I close my eyes, lulled by the smell of cinnamon. I want to believe this can work, I truly do, but there's him and then there is … me. Maybe he sees my walls begin to crumble when he says: "One date, Katniss, that's all I ask." "O …Okay." I open my eyes just in time to see his smile crack upon his face before he pulls me against his chest and it feels right. There is no other word for it. "You won't regret it", he murmurs against my hair. And I don't. Not at our first date and not at one of the many after that.