I keep the tie thing going, it will become a part of my…character, if you will. See father, you never understood my argument. You were distracted by color and design—blinded by order and structure. All it takes is an error or a mishap to get these people talking about you. I'm sure people are talking about it already. And the more they talk, the more they start to love you. And I think these people will definitely love me. They will adore me. Some already do. After a few moments, my microphone gets cut off. I was a little upset, because I wanted to talk about my father's legacy, just to show everyone that I still cared. Being the President of Panem has its benefits—surely that's a given. But I think the best thing about it all is that I'm important now. People are going to recognize me as a powerful figure, not the same obscure, shaggy-haired kid scrounging around within the mansion walls. Now I've become a franchise—a global phenomenon. From now on until the day I die, whatever decision I make will largely impact the lives of those below me. I hold the future and lives of millions in the palm of my hand. Isn't that something? You don't really get a chance to think about those things until later when you're lying in bed, to be alone with your thoughts. Thing is, I have been thinking about those things. I've been thinking about them for as long as I could remember. When I was younger, my father used to tell me about the feelings associated with being the leader of an entire nation. He related it to feeling like "being on top of the world". I nodded at the time because I never really understood it. The idea was foreign to me. As a kid, I was keen on the idea of truths and facts. Impossibility was something too difficult for me to comprehend. My way of thinking was that if I couldn't experience something, then surely it was implausible, right? How could somebody feel like being on top of the world? To be on top of the world, even figuratively, would be the equivalent of having ultimate control over everyone and everything. It would be implying that one is a god. But gods don't exist. Not in this century. And so I nodded, because that's all I ever did. I agreed on the outside, but on the inside I knew it was bollocks. As I grew older, my father talked about it more and more, about power and responsibility, about control and courage. I just assumed he needed to get these things off his chest. And so I listened, and I nodded. He talked a lot about that "feeling", and I started to wish I had it, even though I knew it was impossible. Ironically, one of the last conversations my father had with me was about that feeling too. It wasn't meant to be prophetic, because I didn't think about it much then either. But standing here now, with the thousands of lights twinkling in the distance, my face glowing under the radiance of the sun and my voice being heard through millions of television sets, is this it? On top of the world? Funny. A/N: Welcome to Radiance guys, I hope you enjoyed the preface as much as I enjoyed writing it. I decided to release this on Halloween...well, just because. I thought the date would make for a somewhat decent debut. This story is the product of nearly a years worth of brainstorming. It all began in February with a question as I re-read the Hunger Games: What if everyone's favorite villain, Coriolanus Snow... wasn't the President during the events of the original story? It was at first, a feeble thought. But after some pondering I decided instead of creating a story with a random president in an insignificant Games, what if I just added in a new President after the 74th Hunger Games? How would the characters from the original story react? How would the entire timeline of the original story be effected as a result? If Coriolanus Snow isn't the President, then what happened to him? Will Effie Trinkett still be as annoying as she was in the original? Well, my dear readers, have no fear, because all these questions and more will be answered in the story. Well, you might be asking to yourself, then who is this guy we're reading about? The name of the president in this story and for the immediate future, is President Lockhart, and if you haven't guessed already, he's a bit younger than one might expect. While I can't talk about this too much yet, I can say more of this will be discussed later in the story. This story was not intended to be an SYOT, and every character you're about to see, including their names and personalities, all come from my imagination. Any beared resemblance to characters not of my own or even to those in real life is purely coincidental. I've taken inspiration from various outlets, but hopefully you'll find these people are interesting to read about. And yes, at some point, we are going to see the appearance of Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark. As a matter of fact, the Mentors will be all the characters who starred in Catching Fire. So, to all you Finnick lovers, he will indeed be appearing shortly. I plan to create a trilogy, and I've already made a promise to myself that even if this project never comes to light, I will at least complete this story. Reviews are appreciated, as well as any criticism. I don't usually respond to reviews, but I do read each and every one, and it means a bunch. If the review is detailed and long, I will indeed respond and address any questions you may have. Thank you. Now buckle up, we're taking a trip to the stars.