want this moment ever to end. But all to soon, he pulls away from me. "We can't… I'm sick, Katniss. They don't even know what is that triggers my psychotic breaks. I'm dangerous," he takes a step back. "Please, trade places with another volunteer. I don't think we should see each other so much." I step out of the room, still very confused. I go to the nurse station and find everybody avoiding eye contact with me. Nurse Boggs pulls me aside and gives me a glass of water. "Miss Katniss, this is not healthy for you," he says. "This boy… you have to remember why he is here." I nod absentmindedly and he sighs. "You are a very promising young girl, Miss Katniss, and I'm sure someday you will be an amazing nurse, but you have to take care of yourself. You're changing rooms with Miss Clove as from tonight. I really don't want to report some certain misconducts I witness today" he looks at me pointedly. I look at him startled. How does he now about that kiss? "There are cameras on every room, Miss Katniss" he shakes his head at me. I mentally hit myself in the face. "Then perhaps you should report me" I sigh. He's right. I am being irrational, inappropriate and completely unprofessional to the point where I barely recognize myself, and all for a boy. I cringe. "Don't worry about it," he laughs. "We all make mistakes… Everybody does crazy thing when they are in love." Am I in love? Is that why I have been acting this? I shake my thoughts away and go back to work. If there's anything I have learn after years of loosing people is that sitting to mourn does not help. It only brings you down faster. When you keep yourself busy you can't keep your mind of your problems too. So, that's what I do. A week passes and I successfully avoid seeing Peeta. It's not the same about not thinking about him, though. At home, at school, at the hospital, all my thoughts seem to drift in his direction. It's like I am an addict and going through withdrawal, craving for him at all hours, sometimes whispering his name alone in my car. It feels like a break up, even if there was no real romantic relationship between us. I eat ice cream, I go out jogging a lot, I go out with Madge and Johanna, who unsuccessfully try to get me interested in random guys in a bar. Every week I want to take his room from Clove, go and sit next to him, play poker with him, kiss him again. But I refrain. It's not right. He's a patient here and he stated pretty clearly that he can't be with me… and probably doesn't want to either. After a particularly bad night shift, I go home to try to sleep a little before going for a run. I must nod off while drinking my tea, because the next thing I know is that I am being awoken by my ringtone. When I look at my phone I find Gale's face on the screen. "Hey, Catnip!" he answers my weak hello. "You might want to turn on your T.V. and check on the news. And by the way, thanks for the push in the right direction," his merry laugh is the last thing I hear before I throw the device across the room and turn on my television. All the channels are talking about the same thing, showing the same footage: Coriolanus Snow and Marla Mellark being arrested for the murders of Vader and Rye Mellark. "Apparently, Mister Mellark had witness his wife being participant on illegal activities regarding his brother in-law's company. The police speculate they tried to silence him with bribery but he refuse. Eventually they executed an elaborated plan in which they frame Marla's youngest son as the murderer while drugging him." "Capitol Pharma is under investigation for the traffic of illegal drugs such as their genetically modified invention, the Trackerjacket, a powerful hallucinogen that makes people very violent and might be what they used against Peeta Mellark, formerly known as the Baker Slicer". I jump and grab my jacket and my car keys. When I get to the hospital, Thom, the doorman, looks curious about my presence. "Did you change your shift with someone? 'Cause you're kind of late," he laughs. "No, no, just… I forgot something…" I lie. He smiles and lets me in. I run the gravelly road and barely say a couple of hellos to the nurses I pass by, while I go directly to his room. He is there, smiling to another blonde, with features very similar to his own. Another brother, perhaps? "Hey," he smiles at me. "Did you see it on the news?" "Yes, I came here as soon as I heard" I reply. His brother smiles at me and excuses himself to go to the bathroom. The moment he leaves the room I jump to his arms and hug him fiercely. "I knew it! I knew you were innocent!" "I can't believe you, Katniss! You believe in me even when I didn't," he says as his eyes shine while looking at me. "The detectives say that it was this drug my mother was sneaking into my food. That's why after a while in here I started to get better…" "And why you had that setback when she came to see you," I interrupt him. "Yeah… man, I always though my uncle was weird but I never though he was a drug-dealer." He grabs my hand then and interlaces his fingers with mine. My stomach does a somersault and I smile. "Have you though about what are you going to do once they clear you?" I ask him, still holding his hand. "I have given it some thoughts, yes," he smiles. "There's this girl I've been dying to ask on a date". THE END.