to have been his birthright - for better or for worse, he grew up in the rough streets of London, not the polished ones. The West End will never truly be his place, no matter how well-respected he is by his colleagues or how many pounds he makes in a year. He does not belong there, and never will. The Traveller's Club is faintly foreign, though Levi knows it in the way he does the rest of his city, an ever-present background, and at the same time it is familiar. It is every club he has passed by before; they are all the same. Levi goes through the rituals of entry, and Gold is waiting for him, folded into an armchair as calmly and confidently as he sat in Levi's chair this morning. The Persian carpet (no doubt a gift from some illustrious member) is soft under his shoes, not at all like the plain wood flooring of his office. Gold gestures with one hand - still gloved - for Levi to sit opposite him in an almost-identical armchair (one leg has been repaired with wood that is not quite the same color). "Please, Mister Holland. Do sit down. I have asked Thomas to bring tea, and in the interim we may have our discussion." "Thank you, Mister Gold," Levi says, rather stiffly, and lowers himself into the indicated armchair. It is quite soft, and the fire crackling in the grate is a boon to the soul as much as it warms his body. "I trust, by your appearance here, that you are interested in the offer I made you," Gold says, "I thank you for your consideration in joining me this afternoon." "The pleasure is mine, sir." Levi crosses his legs in conscious mimicry of Gold, and is silently grateful that he polished his shoes over the week-end. It wouldn't do at all to show off the scuffed, worn toes in this quietly genteel environment (and he is suddenly self-conscious of the socks that are more darning in the ball of the foot than actual sock, though it is preposterous to think Gold can see any part of them). Gold folds his hands together and looks past Levi into the fire, his eyes placid behind the reading glasses. "I suppose you are under the impression that I have mistaken you for someone else, Mister Holland," he says. "I am aware of the existence of Lamont Holland, and that he is not you. I did not ask for your assistance under the mistaken idea that you were him." "Then why did you ask for my assistance - sir?" "I don't need a police inspector to look for my daughter, Mister Holland. I have several already." He clears his throat, leans forward slightly in his chair. "What I need is someone to look for the person responsible for her kidnaping." Levi finds his mouth has suddenly dried up; it's as if he's a boy caught filching fruit again, knowing that no amount of protestations that it was for his sisters would stave off the inevitable whipping. "What caused you to think I would be able to do that?" Gold smiles, showing a thin line of white, white teeth (and no humor in his eyes at all). "I have friends in Scotland Yard, Mister Holland - don't trouble yourself on their identities - who have told me about you. I am sure that your abilities will be quite adequate to my needs." Levi's stomach drops - what abilities, and who in Scotland Yard does this man know - but he draws his outer composure tight. It wouldn't be the first conversation he's bluffed his way through, not by a long shot. "Thank you," he replies, feeling strung as tight as the catgut on a violin. "Sir, pardon my directness, but what exactly are your needs?" Thomas appears silently to set down a tea-tray at Gold's left elbow, and Gold seems on the verge of an actual smile for a moment. "Not at all, Mister Holland," he says. "I had thought to broach the subject with you just now, in fact. How do you take your tea?" The fire snaps, and Levi shakes away the fit of nerves. "Two sugar, please," he tells Thomas, and the silent servant obliges. Note: Before I proceed to other topics, I need to lay out two important things. One, yeah, seriously, it's Hunger Games. This will become more apparent as the story continues. Two, this is a serialized novel. I have a very, very slow work rate thanks to a heavy load of college and Real Life and crying under my desk moaning about being a hack, but I will not let this languish and die. That said, there are some people I need to thank for their help in the long process of planning this. GlimmerIcewood, Cobalt Crayon, Lightfall, Wildpathwarriors, and A Ghost Who Walks all contributed to character construction. My dear friend Maddie has been with this project from the beginning, and was indispensable for all ten long months it took to bring it here. She put up with dozens of hours of me nattering about it on Skype, and if my memory is served she is the one who convinced me to take this from "idea" to "story". I can't thank her enough. Historical notes and background: - England has been at peace with its primary Western enemy, Russia, since the conclusion of the Crimean War ten years earlier. The second Opium War was concluded three years ago; the second war with the Ashanti Empire begins this year, but it is thought of as more of a "skirmish". As far as the British public is concerned, they live in an age of which they are the masters. - The bell Levi hears is that of St.-Martin's-in-the-Field, on Trafalgar Square. - The Traveller's Club still exists, and though it's not exactly the same as it was back then, it still caters to the same clientele.