some of them whining, some of the, crying, all of them scared. I stay quiet, pondering how different things would have been if I had listened to my master, if I had stayed in my chambers and studied like I was supposed to. Eventually I sleep for a couple of hours, only to wake up to the noise of the gate opening. Another Peacekeeper grabs me unceremoniously from my arm and drags me out of the cell. We walk the dark passages in silence, only our footsteps being the testimony of our walk. By the time we reach the square, I see it's well after sunrise. For a moment there I wonder if the bells of the cathedral were not ranged today, if someone missed my absence. But the bells ring in that instant, like mocking me for thinking there was something I was needed for in this world. The silent Peacekeeper ties my hands to the pole and lifts my face to face the crowd that has formed. People look at me with apprehension, fear on their eyes clear. If it is there because of my physical appearance or because of my crimes, I will never know. I feel movement behind me and grit my teeth, bracing myself for the blow. I try to look impassive, take my punishment with courage like a pious person would, to be deserving of forgiveness. But nothing prepares me for the scorching pain I feel in my back once the whip makes its way to my flesh. A whimper escapes my mouth and I see through my tears how the people in front of me wince. I barely have recover from the first lash, when another one hits me. I blatantly scream now. I can't see anything, from the unshed tears, but I hear people murmuring near me. And then, I hear the sound of the whip hitting my flesh again. And again, and again, until I lose count of how many times it has hit me. Everything is pain. I'm at complete overdrive, like my only thought is how bad this hurts. Nothing else exists, not my arms, or my head or my legs. I am only an open wound in my back, screaming for the flogging to stop, for a little reprieve. It finally stops but my back still burns with pain. I feel myself being dragged and thrown into the pillory, where they secure my hands and head. I hear myself sob while people around me keep on murmuring. Some of them toss rotten fruit at me again, but most of them seem to be silently judging me. An undefined period of time passes, one that feels like an eternity, and I start to feel hot and thirsty. The sun hits me directly in the face and the sweat drips from me to the ground. The position in the pillory is more than uncomfortable, it's exhausting and I feel about to faint several times. "Water!" I scream to the faceless mass of people in front of me. Something is wrong with my vision, because I can only see bright spots and silhouettes. "Water, please!" I scream again. And then a shadow covers me. I open my eyes and look up, expecting the angel of death to have come to take me. It is a celestial face what stares back at me, but of an earthly angel of music and beauty. My silver-eyed dancer gazes at me with a look full of sorrow and compassion. She lifts up her arm and I try to recoil from her touch, fearing she has come to punish me also, but instead she gives me a glass of water to drink from. I gulp the water down eagerly and she smiles sadly. "My name is Katniss," she whispers to me, "but people call me Silver because of my eyes." She takes off her shawl, the very same I tried to 'steal' the day before, and cleans my face with it, dabbing it in water. The feeling is so refreshing that the clouds filling my mind start to dissipate a little. "You can call me Katniss, though. What is your name?" "Rue," I let out in a raspy voice that sounds nothing like my own. She smiles at me. "That's a beautiful name…" "That is enough!" I hear a growl in the distance. Katniss turns and looks at the Justice Building, where master Snow is looking at us in anger. "You're interfering with a sentence, gypsy. Step away from the pillory!" "Only when you release this poor girl!" she screams, a defiant look in her eyes. "She has completed her sentence already! Let her go!" "How dare you to question my authority? Don't you know who you are talking to?" Snow's face is contorted in anger and with a flicker of something undecipherable. "Oh, everybody knows who you are, your grace! You're the reason this city is perishing to hunger and fear!" she screams back at him. Master Snow smiles at that, but it is not a smile of happiness or amusement. It's a promised of a punishment. "Captain, arrest that girl! Now!" The Captain looks at Katniss with fear in his eyes, but moves towards her nonetheless. "Good luck, Rue!" she whispers to my ear after kissing my cheek and then runs into the crowd, getting lost in the sea of people. The Captain tries to follow her, but eventually looses her and calls the rest of the Peacekeepers to do a search party. The multitude dissipates eventually revealing that she has managed to escape. I smile, wishing I could touch the spot her lips graced my cheek. END OF FIRST PART A.N : Hello again! I am so happy to share this with you and I have to thank my friend C for being my beta, once again. This fanfiction is split in four parts, each one with a different POV. Tomorrow is Peeta's, so hopefully we'll meet again. Thanks for reading! Love, Natalia.