men in them. "Capitol you say?" I nod and the man looks me over. He knows my family. I have sold my illegal kills to him countless times. It is a risk to lie and say that to him and I'm almost certain he is thinking about turning me in. But instead he nods and gives me a look that says he won't tell. I know he will lie if it comes down to it and say he has never seen my family before if he is questioned. His eyes travel quickly to Bry and then away as he hands the papers over and looks to the next person. I hurry back to the crowd and give him a look that says stay put. I don't need him to ruin this and take my time away to think. The first part is over but now what am I supposed to do? I have long, brown hair. Bry has short, blond hair. And is very obviously a boy. I don't even think it's a crazy idea, I just know I have to do what I have to do to save my brother. We already lost Dad, I don't think Mom could take losing her little boy. I don't have the biggest chest... I could do this. I have to do this. I wait for everyone else to be called before filing back towards the Seam, hoping Bry doesn't blow our whole cover by coming in the front door. Luckily, Bryony is a smart boy. He bursts through the back door, tears in his eyes. "Kat..." I hurry over to him and hug him tightly, stroking his hair. "Don't cry, little duck. You're not going anywhere. I'm going to fix this.." I mumble soothingly, trying not to think of the consequences. "I have to go see Madge. I have to figure all of this out. Don't leave the house. Please. Just stay here with Mom and don't answer the door for anybody. Alright?" He nods and I sigh, placing a kiss on his head. "That's my duck." I leave out the front door, trying to keep my heart beat steady as I think about what I've done. This could lead to execution for my whole family if we're found out, but I can't think like that. I focus on getting to Madge's house and knock when I come to the Mayor's front door. I wonder if the Mayor will have to go since he's the only man of the house. Probably not, who would run the Dictrict? "Katniss. What a nice surprise. I'm assuming you are here for Madge?" He is yelling over his shoulder before I can reply. "Katniss. Hey." I look the girl over and can't help but feel calmed by her smile. So innocent, so collected. "What's wrong?" This girl knows me too well. "I need your help." I mutter quietly as we walk to the side of her house, by a small garden. "Of course. You know I will help you if I can. This is about Bry and the war isn't it?" Like I thought, she knows me well. "Yes. I know you have peroxide... I hate to ask but I need to make my hair blonde. And I've heard stories about it working before the Dark Days." Madge frowns and sets her brow, her thinking face I've grown to learn. "Why not just wear a wig?" I shake my head and show my concern. "I will be training and I'm afraid it will fall off. It has to be dyed and cut a little shorter so I can put it in a bun like the guys with long hair do in the mines." There aren't a lot of men who keep their hair long, but there are a few. And I've seen the type of bun they do, just a small knot on top of their heads. "Can you help me?" I ask, looking to her for an answer. She lets out a worried sigh before nodding and taking my hand in her's. "Katniss, you have to promise me you'll be careful. Nobody here will turn you in, not even the Peacekeepers or Dad. I'm sure of it. But out there, you'll be killed instantly if they see you with your hair down. Don't ever take it down unless you know you're alone. They won't take your DNA either. I asked Dad, I told him I was just curious. I knew you would try something, I've seen how protective you are of him. They are too busy and are content enough to have the right number of men then to make sure they are the rights ones." Because no one did anything like this. No woman had ever tried to defy the Capitol or President Snow to save their brother so why would they waste precious time to see who they were? I nod and she smiles a little, reaching into her pocket. "Here... take this." It's a pin with a bird on it and an arrow. "It's a Mockingjay." I know the stories behind the bird and the fact that she is willing to give this to me is a big deal. "Madge, I can't take this." I whisper, holding it lightly in my hand. "It will keep you safe and make you remember why you have to be as careful as can be. I wouldn't feel right if I didn't give it to you." I feel tears threatening to fall over all of this. It's a big deal what I'm doing and what she is risking by helping me. "Thank you, Madge..." I blink my tears away and set my jaw, thinking of what I have to do next. I have to cut and dye my beautiful long hair. "Let's get this over with." She squeezes my arm and leads me to a shed in their backyard, trying to not shed her own tears as she scurries inside to get the scissors and peroxide.