want them to or not." He then stands up and offers me his hand. I hesitate for a moment, but then accept the offer, and, even after seeing him in training, I am still surprised by his easy strength as he hauls me to my feet, so surprised actually that I stumble slightly and land against his chest, our eyes nearly level with each other's. We look at each other at the same time, and I inexplicably find myself leaning in, and just as our mouths might touch, he steps back and I see his jaw tighten and it looks like he's fighting an internal war with himself. He then looks at the ground and the air between us becomes uncomfortably strained, and I find myself longing for the few moments that we'd had earlier where it had nearly felt like we were friends. He finally looks back up at me. "The most important thing…stay alive." And with that, he turns and grabs his bag, walking at a brisk pace to the elevator, not bothering to look back to see if I am following behind him. I don't follow. I don't know how long I stand there, simply staring at the elevator doors, but I finally find the strength to move and walk over and press the button, barely noticing when I step on and it whisks me away at a brisk speed up to the penthouse suite. When I step out into the living room, Peeta is there, looking confused. I don't move or say a word, I simply stand there looking towards Haymitch's door, which I perceive worries him as he comes over and puts his hand on my shoulder. "Katniss? What happened? Haymitch came in about ten minutes ago, slamming his door behind him, and now you're all…" He motioned to all of me, indicating my nearly catatonic state, and I simply nodded, still not sure what had happened between the two of us. Finally, I manage to find my voice, and I not quite coherently say, "Training…we were training…and…there was…fight and…and…" My voice trails for a moment, but I quickly recover, turning my gaze to Peeta and say, "I'm gonna go get cleaned up. See you at dinner?" He nods, and I briskly walk to my room at the other end of the suite. I am tense as I step into the elevator with Haymitch, heading to the roof where the hovercraft waits to take me to Cinna where he will prep me for the arena. Haymitch seems to be keeping a conscious distance between the two of us as he talks to me on the way up. "They'll put all kinds of stuff right in front," he says. "Right in the mouth of the Cornucopia. There'll even be a bow there," he adds, and I turn to look at him, but he then says, "Don't go for it." "Why not?" I ask, honestly confused. "It's a bloodbath, they're trying to pull you in, that's not your game," he explains and I nod. "You turn, run, find high ground, look for water; water's your new best friend." I nod again. "Now, don't step off that pedestal early or they'll blow you sky high," he warns, and again I nod. "I won't," I verbally reassure him and look back at the elevator doors. He falls silent and the elevator stops moving and the doors open to a glaringly bright, white light. The hovercraft is waiting. We step off together, nearly in unison, and then he stops me by saying my first name. "Katniss…" I stare and wait. "You can do this," he says, putting his hands on my arms, and I faintly nod. He opens his mouth as if to say something else, but then turns his head instead and looks over at the massive black behemoth that is there to take me away to my inevitable fate. We look back at each other and he squeezes my arm, so I lift my right hand and place it on his shoulder for a brief moment, trying to reassure him. And then the look appears in his eyes; the one that he gave me the other day in training. I wait for something to happen, something momentous, but then I cover it by saying, "Thanks," and then that's when it happens. It's just an innocent touch, but it resonates in me more than anything I've ever felt. His hand comes to my face, his fingertips along my jaw, the broad expanse of his palm along my neck. For a mere second it lingers and then is gone as I step away from him, knowing that I can't trust myself to stay any longer and not act. I now know why he told me those two words again the other day… "Stay alive." I have to be in love with Peeta Mellark in order to have a chance of coming out in once piece. And, no matter how much I might want to throw it away to make what could be the biggest mistake of my life, I have to stay alive. For Haymitch. As I walk to the ship, I can feel Haymitch's eyes on me and I silently make a promise to myself. I will love Peeta for you. Only for you. And I will come back to you. I step onto the hovercraft, the last one on…and the door closes. The End A.N. - I think that I will be writing a sequel to this, but I want your opinion first on how this one is! I wrote it in first person, present tense, the same exact way that the books are to try and make it seem like an actual scene from the movie...oh, and please note that the first part is actually from the movie, as is the last section. All credit goes to Suzanne Collins for the wonderful characters she created and to the amazing actors who portrayed them in the movie. :)