can't believe it. Sweet, cheerful Annie, she'd die in a second. Before I even know what I'm doing, I yell out. "I volunteer!" All eyes are now on me. I hold my ground, my emotionless mask in place. Annie rushes to me, crying into my shirt. I stroke her hair, before taking her off me and begin my walk onto the stage. Once there, I look out over District 4. Skylin comes up to me, and smiles. "What a brave young girl! What is your name?" She asks. I look to her. "Naida. Naida Lynn." I state, as if bored. She keeps smiling, though her eyes are irritated with my lack of emotion. I bet she was expecting a narcissistic, cocky girl. Ha! Too bad for you! "Was that your friend?" She asks. I shrug. "Yeah." Is my answer. Irritation flicks across her face briefly, before she smiles again and faces District 4. "Well then, I guess it's time for our male tribute!" She chimes, before walking over to the boys' bowl, and once again grabbing a slip of paper. She smiles, as she reads the name to the crowd. "Ash Evans!" I watch as the crowd parts, and lets a boy through. He's about 5'7 with a muscular build. He has sandy blonde hair, and gray eyes. I recognize him from school, he's my age. I remember him, because he's always tried to be friends with me. Although, I'm sure it's because he's seen my bruises from Calla. I can tell he wants me to open up to him, so he can tell the peacekeepers. So, I've always tended to ignore him, in hopes he would just forget the silent, abused girl in the corner. "Anything to say to your district?" Skylin's voice snaps me back to reality, and I turn to him. He has an unreadable expression and shakes his head. Skylin frowns, and turns back to the crowd, a smile evident on her features again. "Your District 4 tributes!" She says, clapping. The crowd stays silent, however, and soon we're led into rooms, where we'll say our last goodbyes. I pace back and forth, wondering exactly what I've done. With a heavy sigh, I drop down onto the velvet couch, and wait. First is Annie. She rushes in, clutching to me, begging me not to go. "I could've gone in! I would've made it!" She insists. I just give her a smile and attempt to calm her down. "Shhhh. Annie it's okay. I'll be fine. You've seen me fight. "I say. She pulls away from me and sniffs. "You have to promise you'll win. You're my best friend Naida. I can't lose you" She says. I smile. "I promise. Cross my heart and hope to die" I say, making an X over my heart. She laughs, remembering our old ritual when we were little. Then her expression grows serious, and her hand grabs mine. I wonder what she's doing, until she slips her charm bracelet onto my wrist. I'm about to give it back, when she places her hand over it. "It's your district token. Keep it safe, and give it back to me when we see each other again" She says, before giving me a hug. I smile, and for once in a long time, I hug back. "Thanks Annie. Don't worry, I'll bring it back safe. You're a really great best friend" I say. She tears up again, and I laugh. The peacekeepers come, and I grab her by the shoulders. "Annie, if I die-"She cuts me off. "Don't say that!" She cries. The peacekeepers are impatient, and about to take her away. "Annie listen! If I die, don't be sad. We'll definitely see each other again, because I have to give you the bracelet back. Okay?" I insist. The peacekeepers grab Annie's wrist. Silent tears stream down her face as they pull her away from me. She struggles, kicking and punching. But the peacekeepers are stronger, and she's taken out, the door closing behind them. I stare at it for a moment, impassive. Then, in a fit of unspoken rage, I kick the door with all my strength. It shakes, and a sharp cracking sound is heard as the wood splits slightly. I grit my teeth, and let out a frustrated growl. Dropping down on the couch, I'm left with my thoughts. Because I know Calla isn't coming. And I soon find myself to be right, when the peacekeepers come in, and I'm escorted to a car. Inside are my district partner Ash, our escort Skylin, and our mentors, Finnick and Mags. I remain impassive during the drive, ignoring Ash as he chats with Skylin. Until I hear something that spikes my interest, involving me. "I'm actually happy that Naida is my district partner. Annie isn't really that strong; mentally or physically. Hell, she couldn't even stop my friends and me from taking her shell necklaces this morning." He says, with a laugh. I whip towards him. "That was you?" I growl. He looks surprised, as does everyone else. "Yeah. Why?" He asks. I glare. "You cost the both of us 40 coins for those 5 shell necklaces. That's why!" I hiss. His eyes widen. "You were getting paid for those too? I never would've taken them if I'd known.." He says. I let out a steely laugh, before looking out the window. "Just another reason to hate you I guess." I say. He's about to say something, but we arrive at the train station, and are shuffled out of the car. Cameramen record our every move, and Skylin says a few words. I just stare at the crowd, secretly hating every single person. Soon, we're allowed on the train, something I never thought I would be grateful for. Rain: Well, should I continue or trash it? Do ya'll like it? Or don't you? Any advice? Well, I guess I should stop asking so many questions and let ya'll review. Read and review :)