my stomach again, then stepped away. I turned and frowned at him, but he was already in the refrigerator, pulling out ingredients. He tossed everything on the counter and closed the door, turned and smirked at me, then picked up a bowl. I watched him work for a few moments before turning and retreating into the living room. I picked up our discarded clothes, then trekked upstairs, throwing them in our laundry basket. I slowly made my way back down the stairs, running my fingers along the wall as I went. "Good, you're back." Peeta looked up as I entered the kitchen again. The cake was now out of the oven and cooling on a rack. "Come here, I need you to try this and make sure it's alright." I grinned. I loved taste testing everything Peeta baked. It was a wonder neither of us had gained any unhealthy weight. I watched, entranced as he dipped his finger into the bowl of chocolately goodness. He withdrew it carefully, spinning it around to be sure none dripped, then held it out towards me. I stepped forward slowly, mouth falling open. I jumped when instead of sticking his finger in my mouth he rubbed it on my lips and then stuck it in my mouth. I clamped down and sucked slowly, moaning lowly at the taste of it as I licked his finger, my eyes fell closed for a moment and when I opened them again, Peeta's eyes had darkened with desire once more, no longer that gorgeous baby blue hue I loved, but the shade of the night sky that made my blood run hot. He withdrew his finger with a 'pop' quietly whimpering before he captured my lips, biting and sucking on them. He pulled away several minutes later, chocolate smeared all over him, I had a feeling I was sporting a similar look. "Delicious." He breathed. "I thought so too." "I meant you." "Well, maybe I did too." I grinned at him and he reached up, palming my breast through his shirt. I spun away from him, smiling. "Ah-ah, mister, someone promised me chocolate cake!" I retreated back into the chair and watched as he held his hand over the cake. "It's still too warm to ice, but I should be able to pop it out of the pan and get it plated now." He informed me. I hummed in agreement and watched as he reached above him for a plate. People could say what they liked about me, but between the two of us, Peeta was the true champion, the real fighter. I took in his prosthetic leg and the scars marring his beautiful skin. He had lost his mind and his leg, and he still came back for me. I didn't deserve a love like his, but I had it, and I would cherish it always. Sometimes I try to imagine me in his shoes, and I think, maybe only for Prim I would have tried to get back. "Hey Peeta," I muse quietly. He turns to look at me and I smile sadly. "I was thinking, maybe, if it is a girl, I'd like her middle name to be Prim." He nods. "Not her first name?" I lift a shoulder. "I'm not sure, not yet. I feel like we should meet the baby first, and also, I don't know if I'm strong enough to say her name every day." "Well, how about we cross that bridge when we get to it and not worry about that now. What brought that up?" "Just thinking, you know how I am." He slides a plate in front of me, and it clatters on the wooden table top. "I thought you said it wasn't ready?" I ask, even as he's handing me a fork. "Well, it isn't but you should have some. It's still warm." He scoops a spoonful of the icing onto my plate and I smile up at him, barely saying thanks before I dig in. I finish sometime later and find Peeta watching me from his spot by the counter. I notice that the cake is finished, and iced, now covered with a glass dome. "Ready for bed?" he asks. I nod and he offers me his hand, helping me stand. "What are you doing?" I ask, watching, baffled as he grabs the bowl with leftover icing. He smiles at me mischievously, grasping my hand tightly in his own as he leads me upstairs. "Maybe i'm in the mood for a midnight snack." "It's not midnight." I point out bluntly. "Spoilsport. I know that." He sighs. "I want to have my cake and eat it too;" he pauses. "in bed." He ushers me into the bedroom, sets the bowl down on our nightstand, and turns to me, his eyes raking my body. His hands move deftly to the shirt and undo the buttons quickly. Before I know it I'm laying back on the bed, Peeta's fingers are coated in icing and he's painting pictures on my skin. He leans back after what feels like an hour and grins at me. "Don't do it." I demand, glaring at him. He grins impishly. "Do what?" I narrow my eyes. "Well, Mrs. Mellark, you look good enough to eat." I sigh dramatically, but still share a small laugh with him as he descends on me. His tongue was dancing along my inner arm and wrist when he spoke again. "And you said we had no food in the house." And that's it! I'm sure there's been other stories similar to this (I have no idea though, I don't read a ton of FF on this site O.o) but I hope this one is a bit different. This was my first time writing anything like this, so I hope I did an alright job. I think they might be a bit OOC, but after everything I truly think and just really want them to be happy :D Thanks for reading! Nessarose