probably noticing the change of tone. I rubbed my temples, trying to relieve the stress that overcame me. This was not going the way I hoped. I had thought that the Prince would have been staying in one of the houses designed for visitors from the Capitol, but unfortunately Snow and Coin had planned for him not to stay in one of those homes. So now, for more than seven hours, we had been searching through every house in the area for a teenage boy and an older woman who looked like they were from the Capitol. I came to the next house and was about to knock on the door when I saw the curtain move through the corner of my eye. There was someone in this house that was watching me. I tapped my mockingjay pin, "I think I found him. I'll need back up at the third house in the fourth area." "Understood." Leferee's voice answered but I didn't wait for her and the rest of her group to reach the house. Instead I grabbed one of my knives and kicked down the door. A woman in her thirties ran down the stairs, wrapping a bathrobe around herself, "Excuse me what do you think you're doing. This is breaking and entering. If you don't leave my house immediately I will call for the Peacekeepers and have you arrested." I looked at the woman curiously, it was interesting that a woman from District Ten didn't know a Rebel when she saw one. It might have been that it was too dark enough to make out my Rebel Leader uniform but it wasn't too dark enough to notice that I was from the Panem Rebels. "Leave my house this instance." When she spoke again, I noticed something in her voice; a Capitol accent. At that moment Leferee and three others came into the house. I could the see the woman's lips purse. Her voice raised a little more than before. "I don't believe this. Leave my house now." I rolled my eyes and looked at Leferee. "Take the woman into custody; I'll search for the boy." The woman stared at me wide eyed. "Who are you people?" None of us answered. Leferee and the other comrades hauled the woman out of the door. When they were out of sight I cautiously made my way through the house. It felt too silent. I could tell there was someone still here and I had a pretty good guess who that person was. Anticipation and adrenline competed against each other in my body. I couldn't believe this was happening. After all this time, we could have the prince in our grasp. Finally! Creak. I whipped my head up to see a figure at the top of the stairs. Got you . I thought in my mind before I circled around and ran up the stairs. The figure also began to run. I could hear his heavy breathing above my own despite how far away he was from me. I continued my pursuit for no more than three minutes, before I tackled the boy, landing on top of him, pinning him to the floor. "Don't move a muscle, Prince ." The boy's body tensed up and his eyes opened to look at me. Bluer than the clearest sky. As my eyes began to adjust more to the dark light I saw more of what the boy looked like. Short, blonde hair that waved in front of his eyes. A strong but gentle shaped face with an expression of shock and terror. "How do you know who I am?" His voice was soft but held a masculine feel to it. I tried not to faint at the sound of his voice. I was never what you called, a hopeless romantic but at that moment that title felt like it fit me perfectly. Keep it together Katniss, this boy is the son of the people who killed your father and many of your comrades . I got off the boy and looked at him with my Leader gaze, "I, Leader Katniss Everdeen, leader of the Panem Rebels put you under arrest for the crimes of your parents, Lord Coriolanus and Lady Alma of Panem." The boy stared at me, before I continued, "As my prisoner I order you to tell me your name and that of the woman who was in this house with you." The boy got up, not trying to run away or to even attempt an escape. I looked up into his eyes. Great he's taller than me . I held back the sigh and listened as he answered my order. "The woman who was with me was my escort Effie Trinket; she is a trusted friend of my mother's." The boy's eyes pierced into mine without the terror they once showed. "And I am Peeta Mellark, Prince of Panem," Peeta paused, walking up to me. "Though I do not want to have this title." "Wait, what?" Hello to all who are reading my story or are rereading for the updated chapters (the updated chapter count can be found at the very bottom of this note) . I hope you liked this one... I didn't change much, seeing as the first chapter was already good, but you who have already red this story will notice a few changes, besides grammar and spelling corrections. They were suggested to me by my revision beta reader Destiny1404 (who you can find on Fictionpress). A big hug to her for helping to edit this revision story, it means a great deal to me. Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games series or any of the characters. They belong to Suzanne Collins. Also I greatly appreciate all comments and reviews, especially ones with ideas in them, which I'm happy to listen to and take into account since I help me move the story along fast... well most of the time :"3. Current updated chapter count = 3