are. "No," I say, "We walk a mile or so to the wells, and collect our own water." "Sounds like awful work!" Caesar jokes. "It's not," I say, "we all sing on the way there and back." Caesar pauses for a moment, letting the crowd quieten down. "Now, in other topics, Novanna," says Caesar, "since you've arrived here, you've been the centre of gossip." I shrug nonchalantly. "I'm a Tribute," I say, "of course I'm going to be a subject of gossip." Caesar smiles and shakes his head. "I'm referring to your new friend you've made since you arrived here." Crap. Haymitch and I knew this would happen. Luckily he's prepared me for it. "Ah," I say sweetly, "nothing stays secret here, does it." The audience laughs at my obviously feigned chagrin. "So, can you tell me about him?" Caesar asks. No. Not really. But I don't have a choice. "It was love at first sight, for me." I say, "I don't know about him." Caesar looks sympathetic. "But what I know now is that he loves me, and that I love him just as much." There's a pause whilst the audience yells encouragements to me. "So of course, you'll be fighting to win?" says Caesar. "No," I say, "I'm fighting to come home to Haymitch." The buzzer goes off and Caesar wishes me best of luck before I have to leave the stage. Well. I've certainly made a splash. XxxxxxxxxX I don't sleep a wink that night. I confine myself to my room the minute we return from the interviews. Whilst Alex eats with Alice and our teams, I prowl my room and order food from the little unit. Once I've gorged myself and smashed some of the plates, I lay down on my bed and try to sleep. Of course, it doesn't come. After an hour, I get up, change into jeans and a sweater, then head up to the District 12 floor. Effie Trinket is sitting at the dining table. She looks up when she sees me. "You shouldn't be here," she says, but she's not as snappy. "Please," I say, "this could be my last night alive. Let me spend it happy." Her expression droops. "Alright," she says, "I never saw you." I beam at her and scamper down the hallway to Haymitch's room. I prise open the door and am immediately hit with the stench of booze fumes. "Haymitch?" I whisper. I see him sitting at the desk, bottle of liquor in one hand. "Whaddya want?" He slurs. I creep into the room and shut the door behind me. "It's me, Haymitch," I say, "Novanna." He looks at me through bleary grey eyes. "Anna?" He slurs, "whad'arya doing here?" "I get launched tomorrow," I say softly, "I wanted to see you." He sets down the liquor and turns to look at me. Recognition sparks in those eyes. "Anna?" His voice gets sharper, more alert. "Yes?" "Why come here? I'm drunk. I'm always drunk." He says. "I know," I say. He stares at me some more. "Why did you come back?" "Because I love you." I say, "and I might die tomorrow." "And you wanted to make sure I'm not pitying you." It's not a question. "Yes." "I'm not." "Prove it," I challenge. "I already have," he snarls, "I had the fucking President interrogating me earlier. The fact that I'm still alive means he's fine with our love story." "Snow interrogated you?" I whisper. "Of course he fucking did," laughs Haymitch bitterly, "you're the star Tribute and I'm a Victor." "Is he angry?" I ask meekly. "Nah," Haymitch says, "but god forbid, you'd better come home alive." I reach for him, even though he reeks of booze. "I promise I'll try to win," I say. "You better," says Haymitch, "I don't want to wake up one morning soon and find out I'm in love with a corpse." I blink. It's the first time he's said it, even though it's offhand. "You..." I stammer, "you what?" He rolls his eyes. "I'm in love with you, sweetheart, so you'd better come home to me." I don't know the words to answer him, so I just cling to him and mould my mouth to his. XxxxxxxX Of course, before dawn, I return to my own floor. The night with Haymitch has given me strength for the days to come. As Haymitch walks me to the elevator, I unclasp the locket I have been wearing as a token. "Keep this for me?" I ask, "In case I don't come home?" "Always, sweetheart," he says, and slips it around his neck, hidden under his shirt. He takes one of his rings from his finger and places it in my palm, closing my fingers around it. "Take this new token, sweetheart," he says, "and may the odds be ever in your favor." I smirk. It's all I can do, else I'll cry. XxxxxxX The hovercraft ride is horrendous. I sit between Alex and the girl from District 3. The ring from Haymitch's smallest finger fits my middle finger perfectly. When we arrive in the catacombs beneath our new arena/prison, Eridan arrives, carrying a box which contains my Tribute uniform. We go into my Launch Room, and I shower quickly, gobble as much food as I can hold, drink plenty, and then dress in the outfit provided. It's long, cargo pants with plenty of pockets. They're a dark green so they're perfect for camouflage. The shirt is grey, short sleeved but thick. Finally, a thigh-length jacket which matches the cargo pants in color. The shoes are black boots, flat soled. Good for running and climbing. The pleasant voice instructs me to step onto my launch pad. "Remember," says Eridan, "try and stay calm." I snort derisively. "Calm?" I say as the tube lowers over me. "It works wonders," Eridan says. The launch pad begins to move upwards. "GOOD LUCK!" Eridan yells as I'm lifted up, up, up, into this new arena of horrors.