no longer in the room with me, but his presence still seems to linger in the air behind him, leaving me feeling exposed, which I am; my shirt is gone and my bra is undone. I wonder for a moment how long he is going to be, but my question is answered as he suddenly steps back into the room and hands me a shirt, one that I quickly recognize as not being one of my own, but one of his. I lift an eyebrow in question and he just smirks at me and says, "You need something loose on you, something that won't hurt your back." I nod. "Right." Then, without even thinking about what I'm doing, I pull the shirt over my head and knees, as it's large enough for me to do so, and then drop my knees, pulling out my bra from underneath the shirt, balling it up into my fist and tucking it into one of the pockets on my large pair of pants. I notice his eyes following the movement and I want to blush, but I don't, and instead stare straight back at him, remembering the training room and the night on the train. Remembering all the times he has put himself in a similar position as he is right now, but never said a word. Finally, after a moment of awkward silence, I say, "Thanks for…well, you know." He nods, his seam-gray eyes effortlessly holding mine. "Of course." He then motions to the other room, where Gale still sleeps, and says, "You should go. He should see you when he wakes up." I nod back and start to turn to make my way back to Gale's bedside, but something inside of me seems to insist that I say something, and even though I'm not entirely sure where the voice is coming from, I listen to it and turn back around. "Haymitch…" He turns. "Yeah, sweetheart?" I open my mouth and then stop, biting my lip, trying to make sure the words are just right. After a long, almost awkward silence, I manage to find them. "Thank you," I say for the second time that evening. "Not just for…you know, taking care of me, but for…well, for saving me. And Peeta. From…" I can't seem to bring myself to say Thread's name, like it's a curse word that I am scared to utter. Haymitch simply nods. "You're welcome," he says in that way of his, where a smile seems to shine in his eyes, though not on his lips, and I feel the corner of my mouth move up into a semblance of a smile at just hearing those two simple words. He turns and is about to leave, but in a sudden movement on my part, I take two steps and reach my hand up to his shoulder and pull him into my arms. The hug is brief, no more than three or four seconds, but it is enough. We pull back at the same time, my arms falling from his shoulders, his hands dropping from where he'd placed them on my hips to avoid the injury on my back, and I give him another smile. Then a look appears in his eyes I don't quite understand…and I recognize the look. The training room. The balcony. The train. He never did remember the night on the train. He opens his mouth as if to say something, but then instead starts to lean in, and I find myself holding my breath as he is now only inches away… …and then Gale lets out a low groan. Haymitch pulls back in such a subtle movement, that I barely notice it, acting as though nothing happened and then repeats his words from earlier, "You should go…keep an eye on him." I nod, agreeing with him, and he's out the door before I realize what's happened. I go and sit back down next to Gale, placing a hand on his cheek, hoping to settle him, and at my touch he seems to relax and I breathe a sigh of relief. I wake up several hours later, in the dim gray light of the early morning, and I realize that it's the sound of Peeta walking in that's woken me up. "Hey," he says, tucking his hands into his pockets. "If you wanna, uh, get some rest, I can look after him for a while…" I can tell that he's being sincere and I am grateful for it. One of us has to be the better the person, and because of things like this, I know it's him. But instead of saying thank you or telling him that I'm grateful for the offer, I simply check Gale's bandage and say, "I'm gonna go get him more snow." I stand and turn away from him, ignoring hi kind gesture, hating myself for it, but knowing that I can't let him think that I care for him any more than I really do. With Haymitch, it's different. He and I both needed that moment last night…or was it early this morning? Either way, it doesn't matter, because unlike Peeta we are broken and no longer hold any more hope inside of us for the future. We are both resigned to our fates, whereas Peeta has hope. I will let him have that hope, but only a truthful one. A.N. - I realized that in the movie Katniss gets hit with the whip as well, but later on when Peeta comes to relieve her from watching over Gale, there's no mark of any kind through her shirt. I did some research and found that even if you're wearing thick clothes, one hit from that kind of whip is still going to leave a mark, so I figured something happened during the night. Also, her shirt seems to be a couple sizes too big, if you look at it and looks like something Haymitch would wear. Hope you're enjoying the stories!