"After that?" I winced, revisiting the thought hurt as much as the first time it happened. "They saved me… and left you." "No," Peeta shook his head, sadly, "I wish that were the case, but the Capitol got us both." "So then, what happened, after they captured us?" I asked despite my better judgement. But what was I supposed to do? I was going to find out whether or not I wanted to. "District 13 tried to save us, but only managed to get Finnick and Beetee." Peeta said slowly, I think he was giving me time to let everything sink in. "They managed to get me before they could get you." I shook my head. I remembered bringing down the Capitol. I was the Mockingjay. Something was eating away at me in the back of my mind. There was something I needed to know. "Is Snow still alive?" The silence was all the answer I needed. That evil man was alive. "Coin?" I persisted. Peeta's eyes were glued to me, darkening with every question. How much of what I thought I had done, had not been done? "I need to know what you think has happened, Katniss" I tried to swallow the anxiety the bubbled up my throat at the idea of having to recount every horrible moment. The lump there must have been a brick. "Alright." I looked around the hall, a part of me desperately searching for an escape, but even if I could find one my legs were weak and unreliable. I couldn't escape."I'm going to need some water." Peeta nodded, moving to go get one for me. Before he managed to get to his feet, a glass was in front of my face. I looked at the glass, then the hand holding it. I travelled my way up the arm, to the shoulder and finally the face of the person offering me the water. Haymitch. A sober Haymitch. "Alright, sweetheart, story time."He settled himself on the other side of me. I told them everything. It took a very long time to tell them. I broke down again, and again. I told them about arriving at District 13. All of its conformity and schedules and how much I hated it. Peeta's cease-fire. I told them about the deal I made with Coin for the victor's immunity. The attack in 8. Everything. My voice was hoarse when I got to Peeta and I's reunion. I couldn't stop though. Now that I had begun, I had to get it all out. I told them about his hijacking. I ran off to 2. The Nut. The mission. It was almost impossible to force the words out as I spoke about the fallen of our Star Squad. Leeg 2, Boggs, Mitchell, Messalla, Jackson, Leeg 1, Castor, Homes…Finnick. Finnick. I nearly went into hysterics when I tell them about Finnick. I used every ounce of strength to pull myself back from the ledge that I was dangling dangerously on. "I- I have to stop for a minute." I stammer, bringing the cool glass to my lips and notice it's shaking. I blame my emotional and physical fatigue on my 8-month coma and silently dare anyone to think otherwise. Haymitch and Peeta say nothing. They both sit quiet and still as statues as I talk. At times I wonder if they've remembered to continue breathing, or if they've learned to sleep with their eyes open. The three of us sit without speaking for a long while. I haven't seen my family or Finnick since I left the room, though I am sure they must have left at some point. Finnick no doubt shuttled them away to keep them from hearing the nightmarish tale I had to tell. I wondered if later he would make me retell it to him. I pushed the thought away almost immediately. Without question, I could not tell this story again if my life depended on it. It hurt too much. When I forced myself to continue, it was even harder to make the words leave my throat. I know why. With every spoken word, I'm crawling closer to the one incident that may kill me to revisit. My little duck, my sister, Prim. Somehow I make it there, to that event. I'm standing there after the first round of parachutes detonate and then nothing. The words stop. My mind shuts down and my throat refuses to issue another sound. "The second round went off." Haymitch says knowingly. It is no question. He can see it in me, they both can. My head inclines slightly and I fixed my eyes on a speck of dirt on the wall across from us. I had to stare at it intensely to keep the visions from clouding into my mind. "Katniss…" It's Peeta's voice, but I couldn't look at him in that moment. I am physically unable to turn to look at him, so I continue to stare. "It didn't happen. Prim is fine." I was vaguely aware that Haymitch said something, but the words don't make sense. I'm busy mulling over the words Peeta has just introduced to me. Repeating them like a mantra. I wanted to spend the rest of my life living by those words. All at once, I said to the wall, "And then, I shot Coin in the head… and Snow drowned in his own blood. Happily ever after." There was that silence again, filling up the space around us. Haymitch and Peeta were absorbing ever detail I had just laid out on the table, while I sat desperate and empty. I had just spilt my story and the space I had shoved it into became a gaping hole. I needed something to fill it. I turned between the two, looking slowly from one to the other. Seam grey eyes, and clear sky blue eyes. "Your turn." A/N: If you like what you've read, or are even remotely intrigued, stick around. There's a long road ahead.