connected to the ring only by its wing tips. I suddenly recognized it. A mockingjay. "Thank you," I whispered as I brushed my fingers lightly over the small bird. I pulled her into a hug again. "Take care of Gale for me. He needs you." Madge smiled lightly at me as she nodded. "If not for you, I would have ended my life months before Gale helped me," she whispered, just as the Peacekeepers came in to collect them. "You have my word that I'll take care of him." I had no time to reply to Madge but was able to call out to Gale, "Take care of my family!" Tears once again threatened to fall from my eyes. "I will," he yelled back, almost trying to pull away from the Peacekeeper who had his hold on him. I held back my tears as the next visitor entered my visiting room; my grandmother. She walked in straight and tall, not showing any sign that she wanted a hug from me. 'Course I wasn't planning on giving her one. Her eyes looked down into mine and I saw in them, for the first time in my entire life, tears threatening to flow. "You are not allowed to die in there. Do you hear me Katniss?" she asked, walking over and grabbing my shoulders roughly. "You are to survive and return home by any cost." Her voice had begun to break, which was something I had never heard my grandmother do. I looked at her and wiped the now flowing tears from my eyes. "I will grandmother. I promised Prim I would come back." I held my head high to show her I was as stubborn as she was. My mother always said that I was just like her in that sense. A few minutes after my grandmother left, the Peacekeepers came back to escort me to the black, tinted window car that would take me to the train station. I was on my own the entire ride which gave me time to think about all that had happened. This was not going to be easy for me, the Games would be the hardest thing I would ever face in my entire life. I would be put up against not only tributes, bigger and stronger than me, but also those who had been trained since they were young. Of course I had some advances to them. I knew how to survive in the woods, how to climb and sleep comfortably in trees and how to find food and water. I knew what it felt like to starve and live on just soup or roots. I would show the Capitol that the volunteer from District Twelve was ready to fight for her life. Soon the car pulled up to the station and I see the many reporters swarming around with their cameras directed at my face. I looked up at the platform to find Peeta standing there, his eyes on me with tears streaming down his face. It took all the strength I had left for me not to hug him right in front of the cameras. Something must have happened with his family while I was with mine. I'm sure it was his mother, she was the cruelest woman I had ever met and we'd never gotten along with each other. Before getting on the train, Peeta and I stood on the platform for what seemed like forever while the Capitol reporters took many pictures and videos of us. Thankfully Effie Trinket put a stop to them, barking at them for bothering her precious tributes before even stepping onto the train. Haymitch walked onto the train as Effie Trinket shooed away the reporters and turned to us with her blinding smile. "On you go dears." She waved her hands in a shooing motion to us, hurrying both Peeta and myself onto the train. When we were finally aboard the train, Effie Trinket headed to the car to the right of us. I was just about to follow before I felt Peeta grab me and pull me into his arms, strengthened with his daily ounce of carrying flour into the bakery for his mother. "How are we going to get through this?" I asked in a broken and trembling voice, a side of me I only revealed to Peeta. He stroked my hair, soothing me before he answered. "I don't know... but we'll do it together," he promised as he brushed a few strands of loose hair off my head. He leaned forward and kissed my forehead before leaning back and holding my gaze. I felt my heart flutter nervously in my chest and hated myself for the little excitement that filled me as I realized what he was going to do next. His head lowered and I licked my lips in anticipation. I needed this. I needed his attention right now to ground me. My thoughts were swirling around what the future held, but his touches and kiss pushed them all away as his lips pressed against mine. I'm not sure how long we stood there, with Peeta holding me after our kiss, but it felt like only seconds until Effie Trinket called us into the adjacent car. I had a secret that I had to hold close to my heart. No one could find out about it or I was done for. I was in love with Peeta. And that was the most dangerous thing of all. There was no room for love in the games. It was a fight to the death and only one person would make it out alive. I knew that I should harden my heart against Peeta, turn him away, but I couldn't. Even after making the promise to my family that I'd try to come home, I couldn't kill Peeta if it came down to the two of us. I'd have to find some other way. Though how that would become possible, I wasn't sure.