into her, wetness drips out of her all over his knees. He growls and she whimpers. He feels her body tremble and she screams and cries out her orgasm. He speeds grunting and cursing when he finds his release. He collapse onto her, holding her close as they try to find their breath. "I love you"Gale says. "I love you too"Katniss says caressing his face and he leans down and kisses her tenderly. ... Gale and Katniss keep their relationship a secret for a while. Having sex in the woods, at his house, her house only. Usually when their families are out. Few times he slammed her up against the door and fucked her hard while covering her mouth so her screams weren't as loud. "God, I'm a lucky girl. Hmmm..."Katniss mumbles after. She raked her nails over his shoulders and licking his neck. "I'll see you later"She said leaving to go hunting. Later that evening, Hazelle and Gale are sitting on the sofa talking softly when they are interrupted by someone banging on the door loudly and shouting. Gale gets up off the couch and rushes to the door and answers it. Leevy, Katniss' neighbour is panting wildly. "You need to get to Katniss' Gale now!"She says. He rushes out the door and runs to Katniss'. "Leevy, what's going on?"Hazelle ask. "Katniss. She was whipped over a turkey"Leevy replies. "Will you look after the kids. Their in bed, I need to go over to Katniss. Please"Hazelle plies. "Course"Leevy replies. ... When Gale gets to the house there is men leaving the house and they look panicking when they see him. He rushes past them into the Everdeen's kitchen. He hears Haymitch, the only victor from district 12 that won the hunger games, telling Katniss' mother what happened. He sees Katniss lying on the wooden kitchen table, a bloody slab, moaning out loudly in pain. She opens her eyes and starts calling out for Gale. "Gale.. Gale.."she croaks out. Gale rushes towards her and sits down on the stool beside her, he grasps her hand and strokes her hair with the other hand. "I'm her Katniss. I'm here"Gale says. He leans over and pushes a hard kiss against her lips. When he leans back he sees everyone watching her, Hazelle, Ms Everdeen and Prim. Over a few months Gale looks after Katniss helping her to recover, holding her close until she falls asleep. ... When Gale and Katniss told their families and friends about their turn in their relationship everyone was over the moon. Everything was perfect. A year down the line Gale has something else on his mind. He is walking up to Katniss' house trying to calm himself down. He takes a deep breath and knocks on the door. "Gale, come on in"Mrs Everdeen says surprised. "Hi, I need to talk to you about something"Gale says nervously. "Oh, come on in"Ms Everdeen says. When they are sitting down in the kitchen, Ms Everdeen stares at Gale while Gale bites his lip looking anywhere Ms Everdeen is not. "Katniss isn't home right?"He asks. "No"She replies. "Ms Everdeen, Lillian, I love Katniss with all my heart. I want to be with her the rest of my life. Will you give me your blessing to ask her to marry me?"Gale asks. Ms Everdeen stares at him for a moment and a wide grin appears on her face. "Gale, of course you have my blessing"Ms Everdeen replies. "Thank you"Gale says letting out a breath he holds. ... On a weekend they both go to the lake house for some quality time together. Gale feels the ring sag heavily in his pocket, he takes deep breaths, sweaty palms. She laughs at him when beads of sweat roll down his face. "What's wrong with you? Are you sick? Because it's not even warm?"Katniss says. "Nothing.. nothing"Gale replies. ... After he wraps a blanket around himself and Katniss while watching the sunset. He gets down on one knee. She gasps when she turns around. "Katniss Everdeen, I love you with all my heart. Make me the happiest man and marry me?"Gale asks. "Yes! Yes"Katniss replies. He slips on the ring quickly and lifts her off the ground and makes their way to the house. ... "Do you take Katniss Everdeen to be your wife?" "I do"Gale replies staring into the love of hiss life eyes. "Do you take Gale hawthorne to be your husband?" "I do"Katniss replies. "You can now kiss your bride" Tears roll down both their faces, Gale reaches over and kisses Katniss deeply and hears their friends and family whistle and cheer. ... In their new home, he unzips her dress, lips kissing her shoulder to her neck as she moans lightly. "Mrs Hawthorne"Gale mumbles into her shoulder. Katniss lets out a sigh. "Take me to bed Mr Hawthorne"Katniss says to her husband. ... Five months later, Katniss wakes up and runs straight to their bathroom. Knees hitting the bathroom floor hard and she barely misses the toilet. She feels someone holding back her hair and rubbing her back. "You okay?"Gale asks with concern when they get back into bed. "Fine, I'll get something off my mother later"She replies. ... "Katniss your not sick"Ms Everdeen says. "Then what?"Katniss frowns. "Your pregnant"Ms Everdeen replies. ... "Are you going to tell me what's going on Katniss. Please your worrying me"Gale says kneeling down in front of Katniss chair taking her hands in his. "I'm Pregnant"Katniss says. Gale picks her up spins her up and kisses her lips. "We're going to have a baby, our own family"Gale says gently caressing their unborn baby in his wife's belly. ... Six months later, baby Tessa is born. The new parents stare down at their beautiful baby girl. ... They sit at their meeting place watching the sunrise and their three beautiful children, Tessa, Rosie and Taylor, two girls and one boy who run around through the long grass "I love you"Katniss says. "I love you too"Gale replies.