around and decide on a seat facing the window. I pull out a book and pull the chair in front of me just a bit closer so I can prop up my feet. Immediately they feel twenty times better. I sigh contentedly and rub my temples gently to relieve a bit of pressure. The smell of apples drifts through the air and I inhale deeply. That food can't get out here fast enough. Peeta's POV I see her as I'm rounding the corner to the shop. The sunlight floats in over her cheeks making her look ethereal and it makes my heart flutter for a moment. I pause for a half second and walk in quietly when I see her rubbing her temples. I hope her first day is going well. I've heard that Cato guy can be a bit of a nuisance for women in the office. Maybe those are the kinds of guys she usually goes for. I walk to the kitchen and put down my bag. "Hey, Dad. you need help with anything?" I slip an apron on over my head and glance outside. No other customers but Katniss. I doubt he'll even need me today. I wash my hands and dry them off before waiting for his answer. "Yeah, can you take that soup out to the girl outside? You know, the cute one with the heels?" Here we go again. Dad is always trying to set me up with cute customers but I never take the bait. Besides, asking out a customer could be a danger for our business. One offended person and we could have a sexual harassment claim on us. "Stop, Dad. She just started at Mockingjay today." "Really? Have you talked to her?" "More or less." He studies me for a second and shrugs. "That soup won't wait forever, son." I shake my head and pick up the tray holding the bowl of soup and slowly make my way to her table. Her head is tilted down reading a book and I clear my throat as I come near her. Apparently my sole purpose in life is to scare the living daylights out of her because she jumps again like earlier when we got off the elevator. I chuckle and shake my head before placing her soup and glass of water down in front of her. "You know, they say only guilty people scare easily." She rolls her eyes and pulls the bowl towards her. "Sorry, I was in the zone reading." "Don't apologize. My bad. Enjoy the soup." "Do you work here and at Mockingjay?" She stirs the soup around with her spoon and waits for my answer. "My Dad owns this place. I just help out sometimes. Dent de Lion is kind of my other home," I chuckle. "I mostly bake here and my Dad runs everything else and makes the food." "Dent de Lion. Is that French?" "It is. It's a loose translation of the word dandelion. It's my Dad's favorite plant." I pick off some sugar from the front of my apron and look up to find Katniss watching me. She nods. "It has a nice zing to it." Her fingers linger on her glass of water and she rubs the condensation between her fingertips. "How's your first day going so far?" "Not bad, thanks. The guy next to me I could do without, though." A slow smile spreads across my lips. "Aw, he can't be that bad." "Let's just say his eyes linger a bit too long on certain body parts and he can't exactly take a hint when a girl says no." What ? "Have you said anything to Effie? Do you want me to say something?" "Oh geez, no. I can handle it, trust me. I've had to deal with skeeze balls before." She takes a sip of her water and places the glass back down. "Listen. I'm sorry, I'm not trying to unload silly office drama on you. It's really inappropriate of me." She smoothes down the front of her shirt and looks at me apprehensively. "No, Cato is the one being inappropriate. You're fine, don't worry about it." "How did you know I was talking about Cato?" Shit. Well, Katniss, when I was leaving today I searched around the office till I saw what desk you were sitting at. I saw him right next to you and basically was creeping on you. "Well, he has a bit of a reputation at Mockingjay . We'll leave it at that." She smiles and chuckles but doesn't say anything. Her eyes flicker up to meet mine and for the millionth time today I can't think of anything to say as I stand there like an idiot in front of her. I smile at her and I can feel my cheeks flush slightly before I finally think of something to say. "Well, if you need me I'll be in the back." Smooth, Peeta. Real smooth . She nods and I turn to leave her as she lifts the spoon to her lips. I hear a sharp intake of breath and I spin around expecting her to be grasping her lips from the soup being too hot, but instead she's smiling and her eyes are closed, her head tilted back as if she's in ecstasy. Damn, she's sexy. "This. This right here. This is the best soup I've ever had," she groans. She takes another sip and look at me. "Sorry, I'm like a fat kid when I eat. I love food." Her grey eyes go back down to her soup and she eyes the brownie sitting in front of her. She picks off a piece and tastes it; her eyes roll in the back of her head and she smiles at me. With her mouth still full, she picks up her brownie and lifts it up in my direction. "Want some?" I know right then that no matter what happens, I'm going to fall for this girl.