from the beginning? That seems outright stalker-ish to me." She can't deny that he has a point, but she also knows full well what he's trying to do – he's twisting her words around, trying to make her doubt herself. And she won't let that happen. "Don't turn this around on me, Odair." She moves past him, standing next to the hanging rope she'd been trying to work just minutes before a few feet away from him, not ready in the least to admit that it's so she can breathe again. " I'm not the one who's always trying to talk when you don't want to talk and say things you don't want to hear and touch you when you don't want to be touched." "You sure about that?" He asks, and for the first time in all their conversations together, she doesn't know what to say. "...What?" "Are you sure about that?" He repeats, launching off the heels of his feet and circling closer. "Because if I didn't know any better, I'd think that you wanted to be touched and talked to. I mean after all, you sure as hell don't get that with Peeta." Her face reddens, both with anger and embarrassment, and she's all too quick to rebuke him. "What Peeta and I do and don't do is none of your business." "Well sure," he says easily. "Because you don't do anything. I've seen the tapes, Fire Girl. Watched the interviews, seen the recaps. You don't love him. I'd be surprised if you've even held hands with him off camera." She blinks, trying to find some angle or point to fight him with. She's rather unsuccessful. "That...that's not-" "And you never will ," he says, continuing as though she'd said nothing in the first place. "You might settle for him, sure. He's sweet and innocent and...well, Peeta. But you'll never truly be happy with him unless you change who you are...which you can't, by the way." He's coming closer, and she knows it. He moves carefully, as one would when approaching a lion or cobra, as though hoping to close in on her without her noticing – it doesn't work. She backs away almost immediately as soon as she notices what he's doing, but her retreat is halted by the sudden feeling of chilled metal pressing into her back, and she realizes too late that she's backed into the bar of the roping station. He swoops in on her then, clearly seeing his chance and not about to let it go, and before she's even able to register it properly he's caged her right where she stands. His arms lock beside her and his fingers wrap firmly around the cold metal bar she's backed up against, and his face is mere inches from hers. She doesn't want to share her personal space, let alone breathe the same air as him, but finds she has little choice; he's so close that her vision blurs, and she's unable to stop the rush of heat that floods up her neck and into her face. He smirks. "The bottom line is, no matter what you do-" He leans closer. "No matter how much time you spend with him-" His breath tickles her ear. "He's never going to satisfy you." He begins to pull away, and she thinks that maybe he's done, but he leans back in a second later. "At least," he whispers, pausing for effect, and she can just hear the smirk in his voice. "Not like I can." He sounds like a lion, all rumbles and low purrs, and she knows that it's meant to beguile and seduce her (and if used on any other girl it probably would), but she's too stubborn to give in to something as simple as functioning vocal cords. It's when he licks her ear that she decides she's had enough. Disgusted, she shoves him away, and he only laughs and gives her a wide-eyed grin, like he's pleasantly surprised at her roughness. After a few moments he turns and walks away, apparently satisfied that he's ruffled her feathers, and he leaves her with a few select words that he knows will leave her as angry as she can possibly be before he disappears from her line of sight completely. "You should come see me some time. When Peeta gets too boring for you I could really put that fire of yours to good use. And to answer your question, Fire Girl, the reason I've been singling you out all the time? It's because I wanted to." It takes her a while before she realizes that he's answered her initial question, and it doesn't leave her with the satisfied feeling she'd hoped it would. She leans back against the bar of the rope station to support her inexplicably weak legs, and she decides to wait a few minutes before going back to her room. She doesn't know why she does this – she tells herself it's because she doesn't want to go outside with a beet-red face, but she knows that's not entirely true – but she doesn't bother to read into it either. She waits, and after a few minutes, pushes herself off the bar and stands on her feet, raising her chin and straightening her spine. She steps off of the pressure-sensitive tile and leaves one step at a time, not bothering to check and see if the blue computer screen shuts off as she reaches the end of the room. She peeks cautiously around the corner, more so than she would like, and is careful to head in the opposite direction of the famed Capitol Heartthrob. She goes back to her room with no interruptions, and unwillingly dreams of bronze hair and double knots. A/N: I had originally intended this to be a oneshot, but I get the feeling that it could really be something if I continued. Do you think I should continue? Let me know! :) Thanks for reading!