about ten years into our marriage when it got this way, and I suppose Gale realized he made a mistake. That was when the affairs began. Peeta was the dandelion in my life. He brought spring and peacefulness. He was able to tame the fire inside of me when it got out of hand, while I brought a bit of a spark to his life. But he isn't here. It's rather sudden that the song "The One That Got Away" by Katy Perry from when I was younger, pops into my head. I sneer at the irony. That's my life. In another life, I would be your girl. I don't remember all of the lyrics but that line and the line 'all this money can't buy me a time machine. Can't replace you with a million rings' choruses through my head with an off tune. Looking up at the wall that I stop in front of, I see a calendar looming over me. It seems to be caving in. It's dated back in 2012. But wait. Aren't I fifty? There's a big date circled. September 19, 2012. EVERYONE DIED. Written big and bold. I grab my hair and scrunch my eyes closed in frustration. Nothing was making sense. "Katniss.." Oh great. Now I'm hearing his voice in my head. I'm officially going crazy. Maybe I'm getting early alzheimers. "Kaatniss.." "Shut up!" I yell, shaking my head and stepping back from the looming calendar. "Katniss!" "No!" I scream. Maybe I'm dying. Will I meet him in the afterlife? "KATNISS WAKE UP!" Frantically, with my eyes still squeezed tightly shut, I punched with all my strength at the calendar hanging on the wall in anger. My fist doesn't hit the wall though. It connects with what feels like a nose. "WHA-UGH! REALLY!?" I'm afraid to open my eyes. But as I do so slowly, my vision is bleary with tears. I find myself no longer in the perfect white room with the wretched calendar and date, but instead I'm in a different room. One that is dim, with light filtering in from what seems like the crack of dawn. The walls are not white, but a light tan color. I then notice that I'm in a bed. A bed with a dark blue blanket. Peeta's favorite color. Looking up, I am met with a distraught Peeta holding his nose. I gape at him. "Really Katniss? My nose?" He takes his hand away from his face and it, along with his face, is covered with blood. I continue to gape. It was all a dream? "Ah man. I think it's broken." He grimaces as he tries to touch his nose, but quickly hisses in pain. "Wha-uh-" I stutter, trailing off. Wow...it was so real... "You were crying and thrashing in your sleep. I was trying to wake you up." He explained as he got up and headed towards our bathroom. Our bathroom. I smack my forehead in annoyance as I realize everything was a dream. It's already beginning to fade to the back of my mind, but the realness and pain from it is still fresh. I'm really twenty-two years old, married to Peeta. The memories in my dream really happened, but not so much the last one. What really occured, was that Peeta grabbed the steering wheel and swerved us off the rode into a small ditch, it seeming to be the only way to get Cato to slow down and stop the car. We ended up crashing into a tree. It got everyone pretty jostled up, but no one was seriously injured. Peeta broke his left leg, but besides some minor concussions and cuts here and there, that was about it. I suppose my subconcious went into overdrive when I imagined him losing his leg. The thing with Gale being jealous of our relationship at first happened but he got over it though. Unlike in my dream. He was upset about it for a while back in high school, but he eventually moved on and he and Madge have been dating since she was a junior and him a senior. Another thing that's also true is my drunk uncle. He can barely go more then five minutes without whipping out his flask. He's hardly ever seen sober. "What were you having a nightmare about anyways?" Peeta asks as he makes his way back into the bedroom, gingerly patting at his nose with a wet wash cloth. I'm about to respond when the clock radio on my beside table goes off. Wouldn't it be my luck, that the first thing that blares out would be the horrible song that my dream related to so perfectly. "In another liiiife. I would be your giiiiirl." Let's just say that Peeta's nose isn't the only thing that ended up broken this morning. ... A/N: Ok. So. I had only watched a quarter of the video when I came up with this whole one-shot idea. I just knew the gist of what it was all about so I began forming my story from it. I actually had no idea that the guy in the video got in a crash and died. The idea to have Peeta die in a car crash when Cato was racing Marvel just occurred to me. And then I thought of the dream part of it. I didn't plan on finishing the rest of the music video but I realized that I should watch it in case, so that I wouldn't end up copying it too closely. So I was watching it through, and when the guy got in a crash after their fight, I was actually like "Ah crap!" so as I watched the rest of the video, I was nervous that it was going to be a dream! But it wasn't, aha. I am actually happy with how it turned out. I hope you guys enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it! Reviews are very much appreciated!