"Because i don't know if you're judging me or not!" "Trust me Clove, i'd never judge you silly" After that, we all go inside and the boys wait in my bedroom and the girls go into my closet. I decide to wear a plain black dress, followed by bright pink Versace heels and a Celine bag, followed by my favourite Topshop pink blazer to match my shoes. "Nice, Clove, but just a few adjustments..." Glimmer says, pulling my dress down over my cleavage. "Wow" Katniss and Annie say, and i hit them with my Gucci wallet. That shut them up We walk out "Ready!" I say "You all look great!" Finnick says, and we head out the door "Ladies first" Says Cato, holding the door open for me, "What a gentleman" I say sarcastically "Nice dress" He replys bluntly, and adds a little smile, we climb into Peeta's van and drive to McDonald's, singing One Direction, which the boys didn't appreciate. We arrive at maccies, and everyone says their order: "McChicken sandwich and a coke please" I tell Finnick, who repeats my order to the server in the drive-thru. Everyone had either nuggets or the McChicken sandwich, and we all sat munching away happily. "So what are we going to do tonight?" I say to everyone "I don't know, read magazines, drink, gossip" Says Annie "I like the drinking bit" Says Peeta "Yeah but we can't get shit-faced, we have cheer practice tomorrow morning and you guys have soccer" Says Katniss "Well i'm having a few, i deserve it, it's the summer!" i say, and everyone agrees "Yeah, and Marvel? Are we still going to lunch tomorrow?" Glimmer looks hopefully at Marvel. "Course" he replys, and Glimmer beams "So guys are we all finished? put your trash over there, lets all go to Wal-Mart" Says Cato. We all hop out of the car and put our trash in the trash-can. we start to walk across the street to Wal-Mart, when we get into the night air Cato notices me shivering. "Want my jacket?" "No, i don't want you to get cold" I reply "Dont worry about it" He says, handing me his jacket, i can't help staring at his gorgeous toned arms. "Thank you Cato, it's so cold out here" I smile "Oi, Cato, stop flirting with my Clove and get us some drink!" Says Annie, and Cato goes into the store. When we get back to mine, me and the girls turn on the TV and chill out and eat popcorn, while the guys (Being immature obviousy), weren't paying attention to the chickflick and were playing on my brother's Xbox downstairs. "Omg, this is so romantic" Says Katniss, and we all grab a tissue and start sobbing at The Notebook, and Annie takes a huge swig of the vodka bottle that led us into deep emotion, and i quickly grab the vodka bottle from her hands "Thhaaaattts enough for one night, mrs alcoholic" i say, then take a reasonable sized swig myself. The boys come in after an hour and a half of the movie, Marvel comes in and turns the movie off and smirks. "Borrrinnnngggg" He retorts "HEY" "FUCK OFF MARVEL" "OI YOU LITTLE SHIT" Followed by more abuse from the girls. Marvel also experienced multiple empty ice-cream tubs being thrown at him. "Hey, ladies, chill!" Marvel says "Well you shouldn't turn off the film, we were just getting into it too!" Says Glimmer in a frustraited tone. "Urgh, whatever, now lets do something fun. Lets play 21 questions" Says Finnick, and we all agree "So we'll put names in the jar and pick one out, and whoever's name it is has to be asked a question by the second person picked out of the jar" Says Peeta "What? What's that got to do with 21 then?" I ask "Dont question the sacred game, Clover" Says Cato, and i glare at him and he just smirks a really, really ,really sexy smirk, i want to slap it off. "Right, lets start" Says Marvel after 10 minutes of the girls fighting over who's writing the names to put in the jar and who gets their name in which coloured, scented glitter pen. Finnick puts his hand in the jar and picks out Katniss' name. Katniss' face falls. "Great" she mutters. Katniss puts her hand in the jar and picks another name out "Cato" she says Catos face looks up, and he looks at the ground in deep thought, then finally says "Okay, okay. So Katniss. Has Peeta ever done you so hard you bleed, and what position was it?" The girls all squeal and groan at the question and the boys all laugh. Katniss makes a sick motion and we all laugh "Look, as if i'm telling you" and looks over at Peeta and gives him a little wink. And the girls 'oohhh' and 'ahhh' "Okay, Cato's turn to pick a name" says Peeta "Yeahhhh baby" He says in his horny Cato voice, which i can't help finding it sexy "Hmmm It's Clover, what a pleasant surprise" My cheeks burn, that means Cato's going to ask me a question "If you don't loose your virginity by the end of the summer, will you let me do you?" Everyone turned to look at me, it was tense. Being the only virgin of the group, it was a topic i was very embarrassed about. "Um, really?" I say, more frustraitedly then intended, and Cato looks hurt. "Yeah, really, let me show you how its done" He stares down at my chest, and i quickly cover up my cleavage before he gets a better look "Urgh, you're a jerk" I say, and i get up and slam the door and run into the bathroom. I hated when people talked about me being a virgin as if it was a bad thing. I was proud of myself, and Cato was being plain rude, i don't know how i'm going to cope this summer.