was the little spots of rainbow lights, Capitolites, chattering in my ear, flying onto my shoulders, and cart wheeling in the air around me. I wasn't sure if they could understand me, but I spoke anyway. "Um, hello Capitolites. I'm looking for a key that you took from Katniss the Riddle Witch. Can I have it?" I think they knew what I said, or at least heard my voice, because their talking grew louder, and more excited. The biggest Capitolite, which seemed to be the leader, tugged on my hair, then flew to one side of the clearing. It clearly wanted me to follow it. So I did, and it showed me a big blanket that had bracelets, necklaces, and other various shiny objects strewn onto it, guarded by a blue haired Capitolite, with black and white stripped wings. I saw the key, which luckily was the only one on the blanket, and stowed it safely in my pocket. I was about to leave, when the Capitolite suddenly went silent. "What?" I turned, and saw a bear standing in the middle of the clearing. The Capitolites looked really scared. So I grabbed my sword, and swung it into the bears back. It roared loudly, and swiped its claws. But I made quick work of it, and the Capitolites cheered. The leader could speak English, because it turned to me and said in high pitched voice, "Thank you, human. My name is Portia. We are forever grateful for your slaying of that fowl beast. Name one thing, anything you want, and you shall get it." What I really wanted was to get away from the Capitolites, because the one talking to me had rainbow eyelashes and neon green hair, which looked creepy. But then I remembered the reason I was getting this key in the first place. "Can you take me to the top of Mount. Evilness in like, a second?" "Yes, with Capitol travel." Before I could ask what Capitol travel was, Portia had sprinkled some Capitol dust on me. "What the-"But my question, and sneezing, was cut off, because the world around me had turned into rainbow tunnel. So this was Capitol travel, going at rainbow warp speed. I was jarred forward, landing on the hard-packed ground of Mount. Evilness. I looked ahead, and saw the knight from earlier running into the cave. I stood up, unsuccessfully shook the glitter from my hair, and ran after him. Snow the evil wizard had crazy red hair that stuck out from every angle. His eyes where a cold, dark black, and he seemed to be studying a potion when we arrived. "Who's this? Two teenagers who think they can kill me?" The wizard said. The knight looked around, having not noticed me before. "Well that's not going to happen." Snow's eyes glowed red, and scales formed on his body. He grew giant, finally transforming into a dragon. "Whoa. Dude, that was really cool. You have to teach me how to do that." I said. The knight ran forward, ducking a blast of fire. He stuck his sword into the dragon's leg. It kicked him away, giving a growl of pain. I took my chance, and ran behind the dragon, slicing into his tail. He tried to swipe me away, but I jumped up, and his tail just hit the wall. He blew fire in anger, making whole cave a evil red glow. He stomped his feet, making me and the knight fall. Man, this dragon was big. I really wish I didn't have to kill Snow, so he could teach me how to turn into a cool dragon like he did. But he gave another swipe of his tail, and I dive-rolled to avoid it. The knight ran up to the dragon, rolling under it, and coming out to my end, and stabbed it in the tail. The dragon gave another blast of fire, filling the cavern with a moment of searing heat. "Could you stop doing that?" I said. I did not look good when I got sweaty, and when I see Princess Annie I have to look perfect. I saw that it was turning night out, from a glimpse outside. Come on, I really needed to finish this dragon soon. So I swung my sword again, this time hitting the dragon's side. When will it die? But what would happen when it did? Would I duel the knight, or have a race, or play rock, paper, scissors? Maybe the person who gave the dragon the final blow would win. That makes the most sense, besides rock paper scissors. I was drawn from my thoughts, when the dragon delivered a stream of fire my way. Moving to the side quickly, I rolled forward at the same time, jumping onto the dragon's tail, and onto its back. It wiggled around, trying to throw me off. But I was holding on tight. I was about to raise my sword, when the dragon finally shook me off. For a second, I flew through the air, but landed with a hard thump into Princess Annie's arms. Wait, what? Then I looked down, and realized she was the knight. Her discarded helmet was thrown to the side of the cave, and her sword was on the ground next to me. "Why are you-" But before I could finished my question, she dropped me, and finished off the dragon. I got up, and started my question over. "Why are you here, Princess?" "Well, I didn't want to get married to someone I didn't know, so I thought that if I killed Snow before anyone else, no one could marry me." She explained. "Well you know me. Want to get married?" "Sure, what the heck." And we lived happily ever after. But I never got the glitter out of my hair. A/N- We had to write a fairy tale for class. I had made the Prince's name Finnick, so I turned it into a Hunger Games Parody.