minutes and when Katniss pulled away from Peeta and started to lower her lips on his again, a high pitched whine from the backseat broke them apart. This time it was Katniss who cursed under her breath, but Peeta just chuckled and started to get up. "Best cock blocker ever, huh?" While Peeta went to feed the dog, Katniss remained sitting on the trunk and as she watched him babbling along in what had to be his "dog speak", she wondered why she already felt so close to him and was ready to break down her walls just to let him in. For her, he was the kind of person she just wanted to talk to, not only about the most random things but also things that really mattered, things she has kept to herself for so long and now threatened to come out. kpkpkpkpkpkpkpkpkpkpkpkpkpkpkpkpk The next few days were like a blur for the both of them. Between driving, feeding themselves and the dog and a few chaste kisses here and there, they talked about god and the world. If Katniss thought before that she knew everything about him, she was definitely wrong. There were so many different sides of Peeta which amazed her, but when he started talking about his childhood everything she could do was remain silent and stare at him. "I know we agreed not to talk about parent's stuff, but I feel like you wouldn't judge me, you know?" He gave her a quick glance before focusing on the road again. "Long story short, my mom wasn't the nicest one. She hit us, me and my brothers, but most of the time me. I guess it was because I didn't turn out to be a girl and she was just fed up with boys. I often wondered how I could make it easier for her, I tried so hard to please her, to make everything right and to be the perfectly mannered son every mother could wish for. That's why I don't let anyone near me, except for you I guess." The silence between the two of them had to be heavier than a ton of bricks, but as hard as Katniss thought about the right things to say, nothing which could make up for his pain came into her mind. Suddenly her head snapped into his direction when she heard a sniffle and noticed a single tear running down his face, she knew what she had to do. "Peeta, pull the car over!" She knew her tone of voice left no room for discussion. Her gave her a vary look before taking the next exit and parking the car in the parking lot of a shabby looking diner somewhere between District 11 and 12. There were a few seconds of silence between them until Katniss finally turned to him and took his face into her hands. She gave him a soft smile. "Peeta. You are the most gentle and loving person I've ever met in my life. And coming from me, this is a really big deal. I have known you for barely a week, but I feel so close to you that I hate to see you like this and I don't care how this sounds but your mom is a bitch. It's no excuse to hit your children just because you are not happy with their gender or whatever? I mean who does that? Seriously, she doesn't deserve you or your effort. You turned out to be a wonderful human being, despite having an awful childhood and only you can take credit for that okay? Don't think badly about yourself, I know how it is to blame youself for things that happened, but sometimes it's okay to not carry all the world's weight on your own shoulders." Katniss could feel the tears streaming down her own face and saw the same expression reflected in Peeta's. After a few minutes, he opened his mouth to say something, but Katniss placed her thumb on his lips and shock her head. "No, you are a wonderful wonderful human being." And which that, she was kissing him. But it was nothing like any of their other kisses, this one was filled with longing and hope. And when Peeta ran his tongue along the seam of her lips, she finally granted him access and welcomed him with a deep moan. It was the first time that Katniss started dreading the end of this trip. Would they see each other again? Would he even want to see her again? When they broke apart, a small smile crept on Peeta's lips and Katniss could feel incredible warmth spreading through her body down to her toes. Suddenly his voice broke the comfortable silence between them. "What are we doing, Katniss?" "What are you talking about?" Her eyebrows shot up in confusion and she shook her head a little. Peeta placed his thumb on the corner of her lips and started slowly tracing it's couture with it. "I mean, what are we doing? We will arrive in 12 tomorrow and I don't know if I could manage going on with my life that easily, without you I mean." "Why do you think you'll have to do it without me?" Katniss let one of her hands wander through his hair, scraping his scalp lightly. A huge smile spread across his face. "I won't?" "No." she shook her head. "Whatever this is, we will figure it out. And anyway, the bakery is only a 10 minute walk from my house, so I guess we will run into each other from time to time." A nervous chuckle escaped her. Peeta finally released a deep breath he must have been holding and threw his arms around her, pulling her body flush against his. His breath at her ear made her shiver and she could hear the longing in his voice. "Promise?" "I promise." Thank you for reading! Come talk to me on Tumblr - dazzlingjosh