in thanks and sat down before the bowl as she sat opposite me, brushing her copper hair from her eyes with a light sigh of. "You can't keep doing this forever." "I won't." "Finnick." At last, I met her eyes. And I was expecting them to be harsh, accusing. But they were rather soft. Motherly, like our mothers. I couldn't bare to tell her what I really did in the Capitol. The truth would kill her. Instead, I told her that it was photoshoots, interviews, overnight parties, extra work. I'd be vague about the details. She never asked any extra questions, so I never told her anything else. Mags, who was pretty much my mother now, an old victor who lived next door, knew. But she never asked or mentioned anything about it. I owed her. Carina dipped her bread into her own soup now, telling me after a bite. "You better be ready for tomorrow. No lacking or drinking." "I'm not a drunk, Car." "You'll end up like Haymitch if you carry on like this. Stop it. Want to end up a washed up guy who never leaves the house? You're pathetic." A low growl escaped my lips now, narrowing my eyes at her. "I'm not going to end up like him. Stop nagging. For fucks sake." She scoffed. "I'll keep nagging if it actually gets through that thick skull of yours." Carina was right, of course. I was a dick. Well and truly. No wonder she was disgusted by me and my actions. I shrugged and finished my soup in silence, standing up and dumping the empty bowl into the sink, turning back to her, muttering out. "I'll be fine. You know me." "Oh whatever, Finn." Carina snapped, pushing her chair back and stalking out the room. The front door slammed shut behind her, and I instantly felt bad. I had it coming, I knew it. With a quiet creak, I leaned back on the chair and fixed my eyes on the ceiling. Ah fuck. I'd catch her before the reaping in the morning. She wouldn't want to talk to me today. That day, I spent it in bed. My clothes on the floor and face buried in the pillow, not caring if anyone walked in. This was my house, screw them. Let them walk in on me buck naked, I didn't care. Fuck everyone. Fuck the world. Wow. I really was lost. Morning soon came, and I pulled myself out of bed a tad early, walking into the bathroom and doing my hair, deliberately making it its usual styled self. Just how the public liked it. Shaving the stubble from my face with a wrinkled nose, taking great care not to cut myself. The last thing I needed on a day like this was a great bloody cut. The district was buzzing, and I didn't even get chance to go see Mags or even Carina as I was shoved into the Justice Building, told to wait there before the ceremony started. Now I was praying that Carina was immune. Just… please. My palms were sweating, so I wiped them on the knees of my crisp, suave suit as I got to my feet, walking onto the stage to loud cheers and applause. And instantly, my other, Capitol persona snaps on, flashing the crowd a sly wink as I moved over to my seat where I leaned back, deliberately letting my legs fall open, arching my hips just a little and run a hand through my hair, seemingly without a care in the world. This was the other me. I found Carina in the group of seventeen year olds, and our eyes never left the others. No words needed, we just spoke with our eyes. The giggly girl with the fluffy light blue hair wandered forwards on stage now. Azure Trinket her name was. She had been the one to pull my name from the reaping ball. This was her last time I think as doing this, for her sister was taking over. Effie I think her name had been. All I could hope was that this Effie wasn't like Azure, who had the habit of staring at me. And not at my face either. Women. Azure, I just realized, after the boring and endless Capitol video about how the Hunger Games had started. It was over. I hated that video, so much. It reminded me of the day I got reaped… something I didn't want to think about. The fluffy, pale periwinkle blue candyflossed haired young woman was reaching into the girls reaping ball, and Carinas eyes widen a little. She was a brave, brave young woman. But even she was knew that the chances of her being picked was… major. She was saying Goodbye with her eyes. I narrowed mine ever so slightly. No one was saying goodbye. Not today. Azure pulled the name out, beaming as she read out. "Annie Cresta!" but even I noticed Azures smile falter the slightest fraction, like… it wasn't the name she was supposed to read out, and my heart burst with relief that Carina had been spared. Even if by an accident. This Annie. I didn't know her. But then I saw the small girl walking up the parting from the seventeen year olds section, and my heart sank. Oh. I did know her. Seashell girl. She walked up to the stage in a dark blue dress, her hands together, but I could see them shaking. Her eyes met mine for the briefest of seconds, and she recognized me for sure. Who wouldn't? And she could tell I remembered her, for my eyes just radiated regret for my actions. It suddenly dawned on me that I was going to have to mentor her. This would be just as bad as mentoring Carina. The odds most certainly weren't in my favor. -Thank you for reading! It's not perfect, I mean... no one is, and I hope you drop a review!-