I can't help but stare out the cracked panes as the colours made by the rising sun changed, growing more vivid with the passing time, making the sky more radiant as it climbs higher and higher into the sky, but as beautiful as the morning was I knew that the news I was about to deliver was far from radiant. Everything seems so peaceful up here so undisturbed. Yet the colour orange is so fierce like fire. How come a colour so fierce can seem so peaceful. I drop lower and lower then switch to hover like Richard taught me. The landing is soft but to be honest I am just happy to have this ride behind me. At least now I can get it over with and just tell everyone the corrupt thing I have done to my own daughter. "Haymich, get up we're home" I prod him on the knee and open the little hatch in the cockpit to the hold that stinks of cigarettes somehow and my money is on the boy with the lighter. I shout down to my passengers as Haymich wakes up again grumbling about how early in the morning it is and how much of a bad neck he has after his 'nap'. I get out of the plane and assess the damage to my ship like Richard taught me but the last thing I expected to see more guns being pointed in my direction but this time it's my own people. No welcome home Katniss It's the whole gun thing. "It's just me" and they all smile exchanging what I hope is happy glances and disappear inside. I go about my scrutiny looking at the hundreds of bullet holes some of which have smoke coming out of them. I slide open the hold door as a cloud of cigarette smoke swells out actually making me cough. I help Molly out and Crombie who is muttering to Jake about how bad secondary smoke is and that he shouldn't smoke. "Will you shut up" Jake whines "Three hours of that I have had. You ride with him next time" he says to me almost knocking me out with his smoky breath, to be honest I prefer Haymich's liquor breath. When I look in the cockpit he has fell asleep again. "Haymich! Out now before this thing blows up, you can sleep when you're dead!" I shut my door and go around to the one he is propped up against since he clearly isn't listening to me. I open the door and he almost falls out. "I'm awake!" "Clearly" and I help him up. "Ready?" I nod but the uncertainty must show "I'm with you" I smile but he does something very out of character. He hugs me tight "I'm always with you and I will always have your back" I nod as he kisses me on the forehead then wanders off toward Crombie and Jake who are still going on about how bad smoking is for you. I have to smile atthis though; it is amusing. "Who's idea was it to bring him he is mad!" Jake shouts making me laugh and push myself off the plane. "Come on then" I say and stand by Haymich as we walk towards the door drinking up the liquid gold droplets that slowly begins to warm up my olive skin before I vanish into the shadows cast by the gard towers. The doors slide open and we are greeted by ecstatic faces that gasp when they see what a state we are in. I am covered in blood with a jungle of knots for hair, ripped pants and top and the sleave of my jacket has torn and is slowly working It's way down my arm. Haymich has a gruffy beard, tatty hair and is also covered in blood (nowhere near as bad as me though) and ripped pants. The two of us are also black with suet The others just look exhausted and scruffy and slightly windswept. A man comes to greet us then leads us to the stairs escorting us down them to the big more or less empty room that is just filled with people with a little ally down the middle. There he is. My eyes prick as I run to him. He grabs my face and kisses me messing up my hair even more. Then wraps his arms round me so tight "I'm sorry" I whimper but he shakes his head and lifts my head back so he can kiss me again as Prim approaches in that oh so familiar dress, the one she wore for the reaping. I scoop her up as well. The three of us just embrace each other's presence. I see Haymich and Crombie with Indi, my Mother, Peeta's family and greasy Sue then Richard with Jake and their Mum. Peeta and I just kiss too lost in each other to realise where we are "I love you" he whispers "I love you too" and we kiss again as Prim cuddles in to both of us The whole room erupts with applause cheers and cries. I'm my life I have made lots of hard decisions, some I regret and others I know I had to do. I have always had to be a leader but never on the scale of rebellion. Even though my life hasn't been perfect it is perfect now. Or will be. I have a real family. The blessing is now I will give all those people who have had their families stolen by the games justice, just like I will for Rue, my Dad and for my daughter. I have what most expected me never to have. I have beaten the odds but now it is time for Snow to play with the odds. Being a leader is difficult, you have to know what you really want and what you need. There is one thing I need more than anything and that is… 356