The kindest deaths, she decides, are the ones we don't see coming. The others come to the lake one by one. Driven by their thirst or the Gamemakers, Cass hides and waits for them to approach the lake with a careful eye on the pile of supplies she hasn't touched. They're so busy looking at the pile, they don't notice her until it's too late. They're already dead, Cass reasons after each body falls, they were all dead the minute their names were chosen. Some just took a little longer than others to die. To kill them now is a blessing, the kindest thing Cass could do. What's the point of drawing out their pain? After the last is gone, the boy from 4, Cass smiles and brings Ursa's knife to her own throat. Ladies and Gentlemen, I am pleased to present the victor of the 16th Annual Hunger Games, Cassiope Fletch of District Twelve! The knife sends a jolt through her arm and Cassiope drops it in surprise. The hovercraft swoops down to get her before she even has a chance to pick it up again. But Cassiope knows it doesn't matter. President Cobb places the crown on her head with a wearisome sigh and offers her a half-hearted congratulation. A cheer goes up from the crowd. And Cass smiles with dead eyes, accepting their praise. They've thrown this party for her, this celebration she never asked for, but she just wants it to be over. Tomorrow she can return home and forget all about the Capitol for six months until they drag her back here for the so-called 'Victory Tour', a new tradition begun a few years back when the Capitol decided it was necessary to remind the districts of the Hunger Games halfway through the year, lest they forget. She shakes the President's hand, and is directed to sit at the table on a raised platform at the front of the ballroom. The President takes a seat farther down as Avoxes emerge, carrying food around on platters for the guests. On her one side sits a female gamemaker, the other chair is empty at first. But just as she's served, a young man takes the seat. She ignores him at first, as she planned to do to any Capitol guests that didn't speak directly to her. And at first it seems he intends to do the same. Until the Avox leaves along with the female gamemaker, pulled out of her seat by another guest with an invitation to dance. "I hope the Capitol will be seeing more of you in the future Miss Fletch," he says. Cass is startled by the words and she looks up into the young man's eyes. The cold blue stare of Coriolanus Snow looks back at her. "Cassiope," he continues, "It's a lovely name. Do you know where it comes from?" Cass's eyes dart around, but most of the table is empty. No one to save her. "The stars," she murmurs, looking away, "It's the name of a constellation." Her father had loved the stars and wanted to name all his children after them. Cass had a vague memory of him taking her out in the background and pointing to sky, drawing shapes in the stars with his fingers, though she never knew how he had learned of them. "It is close," Snow chuckles, "I believe the true name is Cassiopeia. Named for a Greek Queen. Have you heard of Greece, Cassiope?" She stares at him blankly and he laughs again. The sound sends a shiver down Cass's spine. "No I don't suppose you would have," he says, "It was an ancient land, destroyed long ago. Do you want to hear Queen Cassiopeia's story?" Cass does not, but she also doesn't want dare and refuse Snow, so she nods. Snow smiles, his teeth a blinding white. "Cassiopeia was a beautiful woman and she knew it. She boasted herself to be even more beautiful than the gods. But the gods did not take kindly to her vanity and threatened to destroy her land with a flood. To appease them, Cassiopeia sacrificed her daughter, but the gods decided this wasn't good enough and decided she should still be punished as well. So they tied her to a chair in the heavens that turned her upside-down for half the year." Snow gives another sickly smile. "Personally I think the gods could have done a lot worse." "You think she got off easy?" Cassiope says before she can stop herself. Snow looks delighted by her question. "Oh yes. She thought she was better than the gods! I think the punishment for not knowing one's place should be much worse." Suddenly the point of the story becomes quite clear and Cass looks away. "Still," Snow says, putting a hand on her shoulder as he stands up, "A lovely name, Cassiope." Cass has always loved her name. She knew no one else with it and considered it a gift from her father. But now it feels just as tainted as the rest of her. It's appropriate, Cass thinks as she boards the train the next day, she should leave the name behind in the Capitol. She isn't Cassiope Fletch anymore. That girl died in the arena besides Erik, bloody in the snow. Now she's just Cass. Cass the hunter, Cass the murderer. Cass the Victor. A/N- The story of Cassiopeia doesn't go quite as Snow says (although it's very close), but after so many years I think it's safe to assume some stories have gotten a little messed up. Wow, I've been writing this story for a ridiculously long time considering it's only got two chapters. It's kind of a relief to finally finish and publish it. It's my only Hunger Games story which is crazy considering how much Hunger Games fics I read. I'm sure the premise has been done before, but I'm pretty proud of my spin on it, and I hope you all like it.