fascination as she casually placed some biscuits in her basket and turned around to face me. Her sharp intake of breath was what finally brought me back to reality. "Nice glasses. I always thought you had the right face for a pair." she chuckled, "but then there's hardly anything that doesn't look good on you, is there?" Katniss crooked her head and looked at me comically. I knew she didn't expect an answer, but my head desperately tried to find anything to say, if only to proof that I was still capable of actually speaking to her. "Cheese buns!" I practically shoved my basket in her direction and internally cringed at what I had just done. "Sorry… I just really don't know what to say." I figured telling her the truth would be the least embarrassing thing after all. "It's strange isn't it? Just when I thought I had finally gotten over you and was on my way to be happy again you show up out of nowhere. I guess that's one ghost of my past that will hunt me for the rest of my life." You would think watching her leave for the 3rd time in two weeks would hurt any less, but it definitely didn't. kpkpkpkpkpkpkpkpkpkpkp "So I got an email." Finnick started as soon as everyone had settled down on the couches in his living room. He sent out a group text at 7am that morning demanding that the whole band had to show up at his house in two hours sharp, no exceptions granted. "There is this online magazine, Vice, I guess you all have heard about it by now, and apparently one of their journalists saw us playing on the streets and they want to do a cover story about it. Well, more like they want to accompany us on our tour and write about "buskers making it big in England and Ireland". I didn't write anything back yet, but it's a pretty great opportunity, isn't it?" "What? Are you serious? They are sending someone, for the whole three weeks?" Ollie was the first one to speak up, his voice full of glee and excitement. "Basically. They said she would pay for her own accommodations, food and anything else she might need, so we don't need to worry about that." After that the rest of the crew was quick to agree that it was a great idea and an even better chance for exposure, but Finnick didn't miss the fact that I had been the only one who had kept his mouth shut during the whole thing. And Finnick wouldn't be Finnick if he wouldn't have the decency to ask me about it in private. "So you don't think it's a good idea?" His voice wasn't full of disappointment like I had expected. "No, that's not it" I sighed, "I'm just not sure if that's what we need right now. What if she doesn't get our way of doing things? Or if someone of us gets involved with her which is the last thing we could use right now." "I'm not going to lie and say that I hadn't thought about that either but our boys are not stupid, they know how to behave themselves. And it certainly wouldn't do any damage if you talked to them, you're basically like our wise old dad." "Geez, thanks mate!" I knew he didn't mean any harm but the comment still sat uncomfortably with me. Finnick slapped me on the shoulder and turned to leave. "This tour is the best thing you've got to take your mind off her, so make the best of it okay? And Annie wanted to talk to you before you left, you know she would kill me if she didn't get to see you." I sighed because no matter how much I loved Annie, I knew exactly what she was going to say and I really couldn't use another damper on my mood right now. Nevertheless I started making my way over into the kitchen and a small smile crept on my face when I saw that she had fallen asleep in front of her computer. I ruffled her hair and sat down, making sure that my chair was making as much noise as possible. "Sleepyhead, are you okay?" "I'm pregnant and tired, leave me alone." Her voice was barely more than a whisper but her shoulders instantly tensed and her eyes shot open. "Shit." There was a long silence. "Shit, shit, shit! Finnick's gonna kill me!" "What? Are you insane? That's wonderful news!" A huge smile spread across my face and I instantly threw my arms around her slender figure. "I know, but he wanted to be here when I told you." She said and returned my hug. "I'm just glad the cat's finally out of the bag and I don't have to hide it from you anymore." I placed a quick kiss on her forehead. "He's gonna live." With that I let go of her and sprinted into the living room, coming to a halt barely a few centimeters in front of him. "Who's the dad now, huh?" I grinned and also enveloped him into an enthusiastic hug. to be continued.. AN: So this story was actually inspired by a personal experience I had a few weeks after I had moved to Ireland. I saw the Irish band "Keywest" (which are awesome, I'm not kidding go and check them out) playing on Grafton Street in Dublin one day and they told a story about a man who had asked them to help him propose to his girlfriend. I later looked for the video on Youtube and it was just so cute that I had to use the idea for a new WIP. The song I used in my story is called Never Stop - SafetySuit (Wedding Version) and I'm totally in love with it. If you have anything else to tell me, come and talk to me on Tumblr! - dazzlingjosh