receive another "invitation" from the president – I'm assuming he and Ternatius are still working out the price ranges and methods of scheduling appointments. Well, they could take as long as they wanted – I'm in no hurry to repeat my night with Fellasia Strombin or any other Capitol citizen. After three solid days of working, I finally finish, just before my escort, Cherry, starts pounding on the door to my room, shouting about how we're going to be "late, late, incredibly, undeniably late !" I call out that I'll meet her in the lobby in a few moments and with an irritated huff I can hear all the way on the other side of the wall, she reluctantly walks off. And, while my first elevator trip isn't to the ground floor of the Centre at all, I finish my business on the roof quick enough that I'm asked no questions when I finally make it down to the lobby. There's an almost anxious fire burning within me, yet it has nothing to do with the fact that in one short hour, I'll be forced to relive my sister's death as it's played once more on the big screen. No, I've already made up my mind to get over my sadness, and while others may call such emotional control inhuman, I believe that ignoring my feelings and instead choosing to do something is far more important. But I can't get to Zeus until after the recaps and the party that follows suit. Both are torturous to get through, only because I can barely stand the wait. My fingers drum impatiently on my chair during the entire three hour Games video, eyes focused on Zeus the entire time as though that will allow our conversation to come closer. I watch his careless, cocky expression falter slightly as Mira Obsidan is torn to pieces by a pack of vicious mutts, and nearly break completely when it comes time for him to murder Keiley, but the events hardly register in my mind. Because I won't allow myself to wallow in guilt and mourn my sister any longer – not when I can do something about it. Finally, finally we return to the Training Centre and Cherry is drunk enough from the party to agree when I ask her to take the elevator up to our floor alone. "We'll be right behind you," I say, but she doesn't appear to even need this extra reassurance. Her head is already bobbing in a groggy nod, fumbling fingers reaching for the button on the wall – I have a feeling she'll need an Avox's help to find her way to bed tonight. However she gets in the elevator just fine, and soon the doors have closed, leaving myself and a skeptical Zeus behind. "What do you want?" I don't turn at his words, impatiently waiting for the elevator to return to our floor so we can go up. "I have to show you something." "Honestly?" He moves to my side, trying to make eye contact, but as soon as he reaches me, the elevator doors open once more and I'm striding inside, Zeus just barely managing to keep up. He groans when I hit the 12 button, though he can't possibly know what I have in store for him – I think he's just irritated at the fact that I'm taking him so far from our floor. "Can't this wait?" "No." His stare is quickly morphing into a glare as he runs one hand through his heavily gelled hair. "Look, I'm really not in the mood for this." I wouldn't think so – not after being forced to relive his Games. Or the fact that, afterwards during the Victory Banquet, he met dozens of admirers, some young and some disturbingly old, all who enjoyed dropping less than subtle hints about "seeing him very, very soon." This prostitution aspect is getting to him a lot more than I'd thought it would. Still, I don't allow him to get off early, and he huffily resigns himself to riding to the top floor. However, once the elevator doors open, he refuses to step out with me. "I'm not coming." Knowing no amount of asking or demanding will get him to budge, I say the one thing I know will work. "Suit yourself." And then I stride off towards the door to the roof. Seconds later, Zeus comes grumbling behind me. He can be remarkably predictable. The two of us reach the rooftop quickly, and I can tell he notices the difference the moment he steps outside. "What's that noise?" I don't answer, instead continuing to lead him around the roof. His muffled footsteps are clearly audible behind me, as is the muttered curse when he accidentally kicks something in the dark – but that all stops the moment we reach the garden. "Holy crap." Where once only one was present, hundreds of wind chimes now hang, sometimes two, three, four to a tree branch, all dancing wildly in the wind and creating a raucous melody of notes. I'm not exactly an artistic person, and most of them are roughly made with bits crudely glued together, yet they do their job. It's a shrine. A completely innocent-seeming shrine made by a distraught brother for his dead sister. And it makes enough noise to drown out anyone says up here. So now I can freely turn to Zeus, without any worries of consequences, and snap him out of his surprised expression with my next words. "We're going to start a rebellion." I love writing young Zeus, for some reason, he's just so much fun :D Anyways, hope everyone liked it! I have a few more oneshot ideas brewing in my head, but if there are any specific victors you'd like to see more of (I know there are a few favourites) or any particular moments you want to see in a victor's life (pre-Games, Games, post-Games), just lemme know! Thank you!