how closely they were standing, Cressida's heat filling the space between them, blue eyes locked on hers and her hand resting lightly on Katniss' forearm. "Please? Just do this for me?" Katniss watched her silently and nodded, heart rising hopefully as Cressida smiled beautifully. After that, it gradually became easier to convince her to venture out, although they still had days where Katniss refused to get out of bed. On those days, when her eyes stared sightlessly through the wall and body curled protectively in on itself, Cressida would hover beside her before slipping behind her, beneath the covers, and they would lay there together. The first time it happened, she ended up fleeing to Haymitch and asking what she could do. "There's nothing to do," he said lowly, flask in hand as he stared morosely out the window at the fat flakes. "Somedays, there's just no way to make it worth it to get out of bed. My advice," he continued, meeting Cressida's worried gaze, "stay with her. Talk to her; even if she doesn't answer, she'll know you're there, and she'll appreciate it. Trust me." Cressida walked back into Katniss' house and paused in the doorway of her bedroom, watching the unmoving lump that she would think dead if not for the slight rise and fall of her breaths. She sat on the edge of the bed and rested her hand over Katniss' back, unsurprised when she didn't respond. "I had to talk with Haymitch for a moment, I'm sorry. I just…I don't know what to do now, in this situation." Her thumb rubbed small circles over her vertebrae as she talked about everything and nothing, from the weather to the hopes she'd had when she was young to the nightmares she still got occasionally from the war. As the meager sunlight fled, she cautiously lowered herself onto the bed and scooted until she was pressed up against Katniss' back, molded to her curled position that had relaxed slightly. She heard the brunette's breath stutter and forced her hand not to tremble as she laid her arm over Katniss' waist and buried her nose against the back of her neck. "I hope you don't mind this, but I…I don't want to sleep alone tonight." She didn't expect a response, and had nearly drifted off when she felt calloused fingers brush the back of her hand and the last of the tension leave Katniss' frame, before they both succumbed to sleep. At first, Cressida didn't know what woke her, but she was immediately alert when she felt Katniss thrash in her loose hold. The brunette's shirt was soaked through with sweat, muscles tense as she whimpered and cried out in her sleep. "Katniss…Katniss, it's okay, it's just a dream." Katniss kept moving erratically, her breath quick, and Cressida sat up on her elbow, turning on the lamp behind her. Katniss' skin gleamed, her eyes were pinched shut, and she jerked again. "No!-" Her foot jerked from beneath the cover and hit Cressida's shin. Blue eyes watered in pain but she bit her lip and just leaned over the brunette. "Katniss, please, wake up," she hissed. Katniss writhed, fists clenched and garbled words escaping her lips. "No, plea – Prim, no! No! " Katniss jerked awake and lurched upright, gasping for air. Wild grey eyes searched the room and settled on Cressida. "I-I, what are-" "It's okay, Kat, you're alright." Cressida ducked her head to meet eyes still wary with distrust. "Your name is Katniss Everdeen. You live in Twelve. You escaped the Games. You're home." Her fingers sought out the tangled strands of hair keeping her from Katniss' gaze and she turned her chin up to look in her eyes. "You're home; here, you're safe." Katniss swallowed hard and her eyes watered. She threw herself into Cressida's arms and a sob tore from her throat, shaking her slight frame. Cressida drew her closer and whispered against her temple, rocking her until her sobs subsided and she leaned tiredly against her shoulder. "Do you think you can sleep some more?" Katniss nodded and they laid down, Cressida on her back as Katniss curled up against her side, head on her chest as she listened to her heartbeat. "What are those?" Katniss stood frozen on the walk, staring at Cressida. She flushed and held up the scraggly plants. "I found them on the edge of the forest. They won't bloom until later, but it's a primrose. I recognize the leaf." Katniss' jaw tightened and Cressida prepared to diffuse the erratic anger that showed up sometimes. She was surprised when Katniss sighed and set her bow, quiver, and game on the walk and knelt beside her, taking the plant from her hands. She placed it in the hole in the ground reverently, filling it with dirt and packing it around. "She had a goat, we would get milk from her and I'd sell it in the Hob. Cranky old bitch, wouldn't let anyone but Prim near her." Katniss chuckled weakly and took the spade from Cressida's numb fingers, digging another hole. "She had a way with animals though; she kept a cat, too, the most miserable, ugly thing. Named him Buttercup," she snorted, smirking as she took another primrose from the ground and set it in the hole. "Most contrary creature I've ever met. He hated me, would hiss whenever he saw me, and I threatened to cook him more times than I can recall." Cressida shook herself from her stupor and scooted closer to Katniss, laying her hand over Katniss' before she could move. "She sounds amazing, I wish I could have known her better." She squeezed Katniss' hand and paused when strong, calloused fingers threaded through hers. "Katniss?" "I…thank you," the brunette whispered. "For what?" "Staying." Watery grey eyes met blue and Cressida was thrown by the genuine feelings blatant in her gaze. She smiled softly and leaned in, lips pressing a kiss to the corner of her mouth. "Always."