his way down her body. Katniss didn't realized what he was doing until his mouth was aligned with her center and he started pulling down her shorts along with her panties. Katniss exhaled shakily as soon as the cold air hit her core, but when Peeta's tongue swept along her folds it turned into a loud moan. She desperately tried to find something to hold on to, but the only thing she could reach were his blond curls so she buried her hands in them and tried to secure him in place. "Peeta, don't you dare to stop…I…oh!" She squeaked out when he started sucking on her clit lightly. This was unlike anything she had ever felt before, but she certainly didn't want it to stop. She had just prepared herself for another wave of sensation when she suddenly felt two fingers being inserted inside of her and her walls started clenching involuntarily. The sensation of his tongue and his fingers was just too much for her so she let her first orgasm wash over her. She was tugging on his curls and babbling unreasonable things while he kept on lapping up her arousal. Even after the last wave of her orgasm had stopped, he didn't do so and she had to tug on his curls one more time. When he finally looked up at her his chin was wet with her arousal and heat started spreading in her cheeks. Peeta moved in to kiss her as soon as they were on eye level again and she had to admit that she didn't mind tasting herself on him one bit, it had something oddly erotic about it. She finally broke away from him and looked up into his lust filled eyes. "What happened next?" Katniss asked in a faint whisper and another grin spread across his face. He gently removed one of her hands, which was positioned on one side of his face and put it over the bulge of his sweatpants. Now it was her time to smile, because as soon as she tightened her grip a chocked sound escaped his lips and he buried his face in the crook of her neck. Slowly, she started sliding her hand under the elastic of his pants and boxer shorts until her hand finally came into contact with his cock. All the while Peeta had started sucking on her pulse point furiously and she had to concentrate really hard on the movements of her hand in order not to stop. After a few minutes Peeta pulled away and looked at her pleadingly. "Katniss" He choked out. "Please, I need you. I need to be inside of you." Without any further words, Katniss quickly helped Peeta pull down his pants, boxers and shortly after that threw his shirt across the room. She looked at him and another shudder ran down her spine. His chest was well defined and she followed the trail of hair down from his belly button to his dick with her eyes. Her eyes widened, it was bigger than she had expected but another rush of excitement washed over her. When she looked up at him again, she noticed that he was struggling with the clasp of her bra and she undid it easily. Peeta blushed furiously, but she just placed a quick kiss on his lips. "We are gonna have to practice that, mh?" She winked at him and tried to say something else, but when she felt the tip of his dick at her entrance the words died on her tongue. He looked at her, unsure of how to proceed and she reached in- between the two of them to help him guide himself into her. "It's okay. I'm on the pill." He retreated slightly and looked at her confused. "I'm protected. I promise." She threw her arms around his neck and placed her lips on his. She was just about to open her mouth and grant him access when she could suddenly feel his cock inside of her. He was definitely bigger than anyone she had slept with before, not that there had been many, and it certainly wasn't unpleasant, not at all. Katniss instinctively wrapped her legs around his waist and one moment later he was completely inside of her. "Oh my god, Katniss." His voice wasn't more than a whisper. He slowly started thrusting in and out of her and she couldn't contain a moan from slipping out of her lips. Suddenly, she gave a violent jerk of her hips to indicate that she was more than ready for him to go on and Peeta took this as a sign to go faster. With every time he hit that spot so deep inside of her she couldn't help but groan. "Peeta, Peeta, you feel so good." She tightened the hold around his neck to pull him closer against her body. It all felt incredible, their naked torsos rubbing against each other, her hands in his hair and him slipping in and out of her repeatedly. After a few more minutes Katniss walls started clenching around him and Peeta released a shakily breath, not able to hold off his orgasm any longer. He sneaked his hand between their bodies and as soon as his finger came in contact with her clit another moan escaped her. Soon, she started to clench around him more violently and a loud groan escaped Peeta while releasing himself inside of her. As soon as Katniss' breathing had calmed down a little, Peeta moved to pull out of her but she tightened her arms around him to keep him where he was. "No, stay. Just a little longer." He tried not to rest all of his weight on her fragile body and nuzzled his nose between her breasts, inhaling deeply. "I'm glad to be finally home again," was the last thing she heard before drifting off to sleep. Thank you for reading! Come and talk to me on Tumblr - dazzlingjosh!