I would let him continue. But all I have is tonight. It takes some effort to get Peeta to switch places with me. He tries to resist, but I'm stubborn and he obliges to lie on his back for me. It is my turn to explore him. I want to know what it takes to make him breath heavier. I need to know him. I only have this night to enjoy him as mine, as my choice… my terms. I run my hands all along his abdomen. I place kisses across his chest and his stomach. I hear a catch in his breath as I near the tuft of silky hair that stretches from below his navel to his pelvis. He is eager to help me when I reach his silk bottoms and begin to tug them down his legs. I can't help brushing my hand over his manhood as I slide them off. It's already engorged. The mushroom cap is pink and glistening. I can't help myself staring at him. He's lying beneath me, as exposed as I am. We are at each other's mercy. Our trust is as strong as it ever was in the Arena. He trusts me. I trust him. I trust him more than anyone else in my life. My words will never be enough. I have to show him. When I drop my head to his pelvis, Peeta lets out a breathy moan that he must have been holding back. It's as though all the air in his lungs is expelled in that one exhale of pleasure. I don't know what I'm doing, but I'm willing to try anything for him. I feel like a silly child as my tongue flicks out quickly for the first taste of him. He's salty and sweet. I'm not sure what I'd expected, if I'd been expecting anything at all. All I know is that I like the taste and I want more. The shaft is too long to completely wrap my mouth around, but I'm determined to try. When I fail, I accept that I must find another way to keep those moans coming from Peeta's lips. I flick my tongue around the tip and I find the pulsating vein that runs the length of the underside. It's worth a shot and I've always been adventurous. I slide my tongue up and down the vein, lapping at the tip and I'm rewarded the most delicious moans from Peeta's mouth. His body is shivering beneath my kisses and I can feel his whole body tensing. "Katniss," he breaths anxiously and knots his hands in my hair. I'm pleased that he's happy. I never knew that I could do this to a man. I'd never wanted to before... and I have to stop myself. I'm not thinking about that right now. I'm in the present. I have to stay present for him. I can't get lost in my own head. He deserves more than that. Peeta's arms are around my biceps. He's forcing me away from his midriff and I go reluctantly. I'm rewarded though. As soon as I am on my back, he slides between my legs and I can feel his arousal nudging gently at my entrance. I can't help squeezing the muscles tight. It's an involuntary reflex. My mind has already decided but my body is scared and behaving on its own. Peeta slides the tip of his manhood around my slit. I can feel how wet I am between my legs already, but the going is slow. We don't use words to communicate, we use our bodies. His blue eyes stare into mine as he eases slowly inside. I have to shift my pelvis to give him better access and then I feel the tear. I can't help the grimace or the grunt of pain that I make any more than Peeta can keep the worry from his face. "Katniss?" His voice shakes as he searches my face. "Have I hurt you?" My body aches but I can also feel the muscles begin to relax around his shaft, accepting him. Welcoming him. I shake my head to brush aside his worry. I reach my arms up and pull him down against me, my lips locking onto his. Our tongues entwine as I bite back the pain. He lays absolutely still until I'm ready. Only when I begin to writhe against him does he relax. That's when my world shatters. There is nothing in the world except Peeta and I. We are two made one as our bodies move together. It's awkward at first. I grind upwards as he's trying to withdraw, but we find a rhythm. Steady and sure. His body pushes into mine and I rise up, pushing him farther into me. Time stands still for this moment. It is only Peeta and I. This is all I can give him. This is the real me. This is me without games and without masters dictating my every move. I am free. I am his and he is mine. When we cum, it is together. I feel warmth spreading inside of me just as Peeta sends me over the ledge of the precipice he has me writhing on. He shudders atop me, releasing his seed deep within me as I shiver beneath. I miss his warmth the moment he slides out of me, but it's quickly replaced by the inferno of his chest as he flips me onto my side so that I can rest my head in the crook of his shoulder. "Katniss, I-" "Shh," I tell him quickly, shaking my head. I don't want him to spoil this moment by telling me what I already know. I don't need words. I don't need to hear them again because I already know and I fear Snow will take that away from me too. What matters is that I have him here and he has all of me. Even if it's only for a night…