I plead in his chest. He pulls away to look in my eyes. "There was so much blood on that sweatshirt… I don't think he had the strength to take it off with a wound like that." "So you think…" "I think he was murdered." A feeling of warmness runs through me as he opens his blue eyes. I've been up for ten minutes when he wakes up. My head has been on his chest for the whole night and when his eyes open, I'm directly watching them. For a second, the air seems not to be enough in my lungs. " Morning, sleepyhead." I gently greet him. His grin matches mine as he stirs. " Morning, love." I change position, so that I'm on top of him, straddling his lap. He grabs me from the hips and I lean down to kiss him gently. " What are you up to today?" I say brushing my lips to his. " Nothing without you, my love." Suddenly, he switches our position so that I'm under him. I start laughing when he tickles my neck. I can feel his smile against my skin as he presses light kisses all over my body. He takes my nightgown off and starts kissing my breasts. A low moan escapes my mouth and I try to stifle a laugh as he watches my reaction, with now wide open blue eyes and messy blond hair. He returns to my lips, kissing me deeply. I let out a shaky breath as we pull apart: even after all this time, his kisses make me shiver as if they were our first ones. But I guess it's like that – love. We kiss again as he massages my left breast and I draw circles on his back. I feel his fingers teasing me at the waistband of my panties, then he pulls one finger inside me. I let out a deep moan. " Are you sure you have nowhere to go today?" I ask breathless, "Because I might keep you all to myself…" " I would love you to." he says between biting and kissing my neck. I feel I'm reaching the edge already. " Peeta…" " I know, love," he whispers, "let go." I do. He wraps his arms around me and kiss my hair as my breathing return to its steadiness. " Really… do you have anywhere to go?" I ask again. I'm seriously thinking of keeping him in bed all day. He sighs. "Haymitch is expecting me at the central at two o'clock and I thought of working out a bit before that." he says. He passes his fingers through my hair. I know how important it is for him to train with Haymitch. Since the age of four, Peeta's dream has always been to become a policeman. I turn around and smile at him. "As long as you come back to me at the end of the day." I whisper. " I promise." he replies softly. Usually, Haymitch and Peeta train together twice a week. Peeta has studied Law and Justice when he was at college in West Virginia, and in the meantime, I've waited here with Haymitch for his return. We met during our senior year in high school when he had just moved in. He came with his parents and his two brothers one afternoon at my door to meet the neighbors, and from that moment we were inseparable. We have always been together ever since. When college time came, he decided to go back to his hometown, Morgantown, to study. I stayed here in Panem. I had nowhere to go, really. I've always lived here with my family, and I had never planned to go away. I had lived alone with my dad for ten years and I had never thought of anywhere else. My mom and my little sister died in a car accident when I was only eleven. I watched my father turn into a ghost. When the social service came to our door, he finally woke up. I have never had time to think about my losses and when finally he was taking care of me, I released every single tear I had kept to myself. When Peeta came around, I was as happy as I could be on my own. He made me see, feel and say things I've never thought I would experience in my life. My dad's approval was a blessing and the only thing that was taking me aback from marrying Peeta. Today I feel as lonely as I did when he went away to college. My dad kept me company during the morning, before he had to go to work, and Haymitch in the evening, when he got off of work. They were my life-saviors in those days. The only thing that's keeping me together is the thought that he will come back in the evening, make me smile and laugh and maybe make love to me in our bed. I'm doing the ironing and singing to myself as the chicken cooks in the kitchen. " Your pain and your hunger, they're driving you home…" I didn't even hear the phone ringing until I have to stop singing to recatch my breath. " Hello?" I ask. " Hi sweetheart, it's Haymitch." " Hey, what's up?" I glance at the clock hanging from the wall: it's three o' clock, "Shouldn't you be with Peeta?" " Yeah, I was going to ask you 'bout that." he replies, "I've been waiting for over an hour. I thought maybe you were keeping him busy." he says with a chuckle. The smile automatically forms on my lips just thinking about this morning. "Well, no. He left about two hours ago to work out before your meeting. He said you were expecting him at two o'clock." " Exactly. I tried to call him, but it goes straight to the voicemail." My breath catches in my lungs. Already working on chapter 2!