was home, so that she knew he was safe, too. He pulled his mouth to the side in a sad half-smile. She lifted her shoulders and released them with a big exhale. " Well…" she said sullenly. " Hey," He grabbed her shoulder with one hand. "I'll be back before you know it. Text me stupid stuff, and wear sunscreen, and don't let Prim get crushes on stupid boys, and if any other stupid boys hit on you at the pool…" " Punch 'em in the nose?" " I expect nothing less," he said with a smile. She tried to muster a brave smile in return. He reached forward and lightly pulled on her braid, caressing his fingers down its length as if committing it to memory. As soon as he let go, she stepped forward and looped her arms around his shoulders. He hunched down to reach her, wrapping his arms lightly around her back. She felt the small distance between their bodies as he angled his away from her. She went up on her tip toes and held on tighter, closing the distance. She thought she felt a light pressure on the top of her head, and she couldn't tell if he had planted his nose there or his lips, but she squeezed her eyes tighter. Eventually he stepped back, and they said their goodbyes. She knew the memory should make her sad, and maybe soon it would, after days of his absence had sunk in. But for now, in the quiet of her room, the feeling of his body against hers invaded her mind, the reality of it enhanced only by the stretches of her imagination, where she could change certain details, like what they were wearing and where they were and what it would have felt like if he was pressing against her from above. She tried to steady her breathing, but it was no use; she closed her eyes and tilted her head back on her pillow, her hand traveling over her stomach and under her shorts. The breeze came in from the open window and sailed over her skin, bringing up goose bumps. She drew up his image in her mind and collected memories of his expressions to play against the black of her closed eyes like a movie screen—the way his eyes had darkened on the hood of the car, the times he would chew on his lip after she'd caught him staring. She imagined what his lip would feel like if she could draw it into her mouth, what it would feel like against the skin of her throat. Her nipples hardened against her top. There, too , she thought fleetingly, struggling to hold on to anything specific in her mind as her hand started rubbing beneath her underwear. She was damp with arousal and she wondered what his reaction would be if he knew what he did to her, or what she did to herself when she thought about him. The practical side of her knew she'd be horrified if he had any clue, but she pushed that thought out of her mind and instead let herself wonder if he ever thought about her when he did this. In her more lucid moments, she knew it had to be a distinct possibility, especially with the way guys were, but she always tried to ignore the possibility that she was just one face, one body in a revolving door of shallow male fantasies. But right now, with the scent of his shampoo lingering in her senses, the idea of him doing that while thinking about her—maybe doing it right at that moment—it only made her wetter, and she turned her head and stifled a moan against her pillow. She imagined the two of them sitting on the couch side by side as they so often did, but instead she would lean back and pull him down by his shoulders, opening her legs to him and letting him settle against her body. She wanted to know she had an effect on him, wanted to feel it between her legs, pressing against her. She would thrust her hands into his hair, clenching tight and forcing his head down to the crook of her neck where she knew she was sensitive because every time he whispered in her ear from behind her in class, his breath would ghost over that spot and she'd have to suppress a shiver. Every time. She moved her fingers to her entrance and dipped them inside, imagining his fingers instead—thicker, slightly calloused, but so strong and deft. He'd never been bad at anything with his hands. The thought made her clench. She moved her fingers back up to her bundle of nerves, circling more swiftly, her breath coming out in soft pants. She thought about cornering him somewhere, pulling him into some dark hallway or against the bark of a tree and pushing his shirt up slowly, hoping his pupils would dilate like they had tonight. She wanted to explore every inch of his pale, lightly freckled skin and see if it was that soft everywhere, the way it was on his hands and arms. She wanted to feel it against her own bare skin. In her fantasies, she had the courage to straddle his waist and let her hands find purchase on his broad shoulders or the solid width of his chest. She wanted him to grab her face and bring it to his own, coaxing her tongue out of her mouth while relentlessly thrusting against her center. These thoughts escalated and collided in a random series of filthy, tantalizing images of— "Peeta," she gasped into her pillow, her hips still jumping with aftershocks of her orgasm, the muscles of her body unclenching in succession until she sank into her bed, feeling boneless. She looked at her clock, which read 1:13 a.m. and then at the post-it on her desk that had his return date written on it. "Fuck."