in a mist against the pattern of the tablecloth. "Oh, oh," she moans, failing to control their rising pitch. Peeta thrusts into her steadily, only slowing when she starts to get desperate in her noises and movements, and then he pulls out slowly, torturously, before slamming back into her again. Her answering whines are frantic. One of his hands leaves her hip to pluck at her breasts, leaving the skin around her nipples red and sensitive, just the way she likes it. His other hand comes up and tangles with hers on the table. She squeezes it like a lifeline, desperate for this further connection, especially if she can't see his face. But all too soon, he's pulling it away, dragging her arm along with it and moving it beneath them. "Touch yourself," Peeta urges. "Do it while I'm inside you." She'd rather he do it, honestly. His large, callused fingers so inconceivably deft, and more than familiar with what she likes. She almost tells him this, relishing the idea of what his response will be to her cheeky refusal. But she knows how much it turns him on when she touches herself. Even as she lowers her fingers to press against her clit, she can feel him swelling bigger inside her. His answering groan confirms this. Katniss moves her fingers down through her folds until they brush his cock as it moves in and out of her. "Fuck, that's hot...Katniss," he pants, his head dropping into the hair at her crown. Katniss turns her head hoping to watch his face, wanting to see his muscles straining, or the way his eyes roll back in his head when he's about to lose it. And just when she thinks she has him at her mercy for once, the hand that was caressing her lightly perspiring stomach comes up to cup the back of her neck and forces it down, her cheek pressed up against the table again. She answers in the only way she can, bucking underneath him. But her restless hips only urge him on, like this is what he intended all along- drawing out her fieriness, her instinct to fight. Peeta's hand holds onto her chin, keeping her head against the table, not roughly, but perfectly in command. His first two digits make their way between her lips, and she bites them. His answering thrust makes her yelp, and he moves his fingers into her mouth again, letting her suck on them desperately. "Shh," he urges, his voice strained. His fingers help stifle her noises, but after a few minutes, she's on her own again when he pulls them from her mouth and uses his wet fingers on her breast. "Oh, god. Fuck. Peeta." "'Peeta' is fine," he teases, leaning down and speaking into her ear, his sweaty chest pressed to her back. It makes his thrusts shallower, but he slides so deeply and snugly inside, she can feel him hitting a spot that makes her clench. "I hate you," she moans pathetically, her fingers struggling to keep up the frantic motions on her clit. "I love you, too," Peeta answers easily, though it ends with a rough grunt. "Are you close?" "God, yes." "Good. I can feel it. You're clenching so tight. Katniss-" he calls out. She almost shushes him, but maybe it just sounds so loud because it's right in her ear, right where she likes it, the sound vibrating inside her and down to her toes. His thrusts become sloppy, but it doesn't matter because she's already there. Peeta moans over and over, punctuated only by panting breaths, the short sounds urging her on. Katniss clenches. Everything. Every muscle in her body. Even her eyelids screw shut painfully when the pleasure crests and hits her so deeply that her legs shake. She lets out a long, piercing moan into the night. Katniss' body goes slack, and she sinks bonelessly against the table. But Peeta doesn't even collapse against her. After only a moment, he pulls back, cleans them both up with a roll of paper towels left on the nearby snack table and sweeps her up into his arms. "Peeta," she whines fruitlessly, her arms wrapping around his neck and immediately contradicting her protests. He likes to pick her up and move her around like a ragdoll, sometimes just to annoy her, but often after sex when she's spent and boneless. And though the independent, self-possessed part of her wants to object, it feels good to let him care for her, especially when they're alone. Feeling diminutive in his strong arms somehow makes her feel stronger rather than weaker, like being braced by a stronghold. He carries her into the bedroom and pulls back the sheets before depositing her in their bed. He crawls in right after her. "We didn't clean up," she says through a yawn. "We're the adults in this household," Peeta says with a firm nod, resting his chin on her bare shoulder. "We can do what we want." "Oh, okay," Katniss says, snuggling deeper into the pillow she always steals because it smells like him. "So you're going to clean up in the morning?" "To make up for all the shit you had to put up with today? Yes, I will." "Thank you," she mumbles, nearly falling asleep to the thumping rhythm of his heart against her back. "And then you can officially meet the neighbors," he whispers. "Let them put a face to the wailing moans." "How long do I have to live here before I can start making you sleep on the couch?" Huge thanks to atetheredmind for beta'ing this, super quickly, too. You're the best! Since this is my first story of the new year, I just want to wish you all a great one and thank you so much for reading. 2013 was the first time I ever wrote or published fanfic and your support has just been incredible. Thank you again! Find me on Tumblr as 'dirtytalkingpeeta.'