"Okay?" he asked, thrusting against her folds from behind. She barely had time to moan out an affirmation before he was taking hold of his cock and entering her in a long, measured thrust. "Oh fuck," she whined, pushing back against him. Peeta stretched his arms over her head, covering her hands where they were planted on the wall. His head dropped to nuzzle at her neck for a moment before biting forcefully where it met her shoulder. It was a spot that made her keen and clench simultaneously, every time, and he relished doing it, even if it meant she had to cover the mark for a few days afterward. Peeta knew her complaints were all for show anyway. He thrust into her steadily like this for a few minutes, grunting quietly, his sounds drowned out by her breathless moans. But soon he picked up his pace, dropping his arms so that one hand gripped her hip roughly and the other moved to her front where he flattened his palm against her pelvis. It was a teasing motion, the way he used it to hold her against him as he drove into her, his palm putting pressure against her lower abdominals and heightening the sensation that coiled there. But she wanted more and he gave it to her. He brought two fingers to her clit again and stroked in time with his thrusts. "You want it harder?" her asked her, his voice low and silky. She loved and hated him being in control— teasing her and using her weaknesses against her. If only it didn't feel so damn good. "I know you do," he taunted in her ear, and she cursed his ability to control his voice when she could barely keep her moans from breaking off roughly. She wanted to lie, but he was right— she was terrible at it, anyway. "Always," she breathed. In response, he thrust so hard that her hips nearly hit the wall. She cried out and his moans matched hers. Peeta tried to keep up the pressure on her clit, but they were moving so fast and hard together that his fingers stuttered. Katniss barely registered it; she was focused on the feeling of him filling her over and over again and hitting a spot inside her that made her dizzy. The weight of his chest was bearing down on her, and the air around them was thick with moisture from with their heavy breathing and sweat and the steam of the shower. "I'm gonna come," Peeta said roughly, sinking his teeth into her shoulder. "Oh god, me too," Katniss panted, purposely squeezing her muscles around him. Peeta came a moment later with strangled groan, emptying himself inside her. She let out an answering, keening moan, and Peeta refocused his efforts on her clit to carry her through her orgasm. When they finally peeled themselves away from the wall, they had to grab onto each other to keep from stumbling, both of them shaky and breathless. Peeta grabbed for a towel and rubbed her down with it, playfully hanging it off her head as he went to reach for his own. Katniss pulled it off with a laugh and wrung her hair out over the drain. "God, my knees hurt," Peeta said, wrapping the towel around his waist and leaning against the counter. "It's because you're getting old," Katniss replied flatly, knotting her own towel under her arms and stepping out of the tub. "Hey! I'm only twenty-five and, much like George Clooney, just getting better with age," he said, turning around and grabbing a comb from his drawer. Katniss just snorted. "Yeah, okay, Clooney. You're old. And a little too skinny, if you ask me," she said, leaning down to pat his knees, ones that she regularly joked were "bony." Peeta pouted for a moment before she stole the comb from him to run it through her own hair. He studied her closely in the mirror. "My stupid joke really made you angry, huh?" he asked, rubbing her warm, wet shoulders. "You're never this mean to me post-orgasm." She scowled at him and he smirked. "You want another one?" He raised his eyebrows suggestively. "Not when you're about to fall over, stud," Katniss said. He shrugged sheepishly and when she noted the dark circles under his eyes, she decided to go easy on him. "And your joke was stupid, so just don't let me hear it again." She turned and pushed him toward their bedroom. "Now go take a nap. I'll wake you up for lunch," she added, smacking his butt for good measure. Katniss returned the comb to the drawer and when her head lifted, she caught her reflection in the mirror…particularly the angry, red marks all over her neck and collarbone. She rolled her eyes. Thank god it was cold enough to wear a scarf. Katniss walked to the open doorway and poked her head into their bedroom. Peeta was lying on his back, squirming around under the sheets like he was trying to get comfortable. "Hey, Peeta?" she called. His head lifted and he eyed her curiously. "I had that fantasy, too. Of us in the shower, when I was 16." His eyebrows shot up and he sat up in bed. "Except, you were the one on your knees and I was pinned against the wall." Peeta's mouth dropped opening and she bit her lip to keep from smiling at the sight of the sheet shifting slightly over her lap. "But it wasn't a dream. It was an image I used to get myself off after you texted me goodnight." Peeta's chest heaved and he looked like he was about to speak. "Sleep well!" Katniss said, stepping back into the bathroom and closing the door behind her. I do realize that in canon, K/P had a little girl first…but this is AU and I skewed it for my own purposes. :) Thanks for reading! I'm on tumblr as pearlofkatniss.