doesn't know how long it is before they move. "Hang on," Peeta whispers in her ear, and he stands, guiding her legs to wrap around his waist. They finally make it to his bedroom, Katniss cradled in his arms, and he pulls back the covers before dropping her onto his bed and slowly extracting himself; she's too tired too protest. He leaves the room, presumably to dispose of the condom, and Katniss snuggles down in his sheets, using the opportunity to take in his room. It's typically masculine and simple- a few pieces of furniture, a plain navy bedspread, some undershirts scattered nowhere near his hamper. The only revealing touches are the framed photo of Ben he has on his nightstand, the boy's face covered in chocolate frosting, and a finger painting on the wall that bears both of their signatures. It occurs to her that she hasn't actually seen the rest of the house at all (save for the living room, with which she is now intimately acquainted) and she's curious what other things she can pick up about him, and really, for how long and how often she'll have the opportunity. Warmth flows through her when Peeta walks back in with a glass of water and, more importantly, he's still naked. "Aw, you didn't get dressed," Katniss teases, taking the water gratefully and downing half the glass quickly. "Hey, a deal's a deal. Besides, I didn't want you getting any ideas," he tells her, sliding into bed beside her. She hands him the water, and even after all they've done in the last hour, it's an oddly intimate gesture to watch Peeta drink from the same glass. "What kind of ideas?" she asks carefully. "Any that involve you not being naked in my bed." It's a struggle to keep the look on her face neutral, and she's not entirely sure she's successfully, but inside she's elated that he wants her here as badly as she wants to stay. "Well, that's a relief," Katniss replies, and she doesn't think she's imagining an equally relieved expression on his face. "Because I don't think I can walk. And I don't mean that as some cheap innuendo. I mean, I really don't think my legs work anymore." "I wish I could say I'm sorry," Peeta says, shaking his head with a sly grin. He sets the glass on his nightstand and pulls her down beside him. His arm makes a surprisingly good pillow, but she turns to him instead of snuggling into his chest, and he does the same, both of them reluctant to break eye contact. "I don't have a motorized scooter or anything," he continues, "But Ben's got an old Big Wheel in the garage. You might just be small enough to fit." "Shut up," she laughs. "No, seriously, if you want, you won't have to use your legs all day. You can veg out on my couch for the weekend," he ventures, pausing briefly and looking away. "I, um, don't have Ben again until Sunday night, so..." She'd be hard pressed to name a muscle in her body that doesn't ache from overexertion, from her tongue to her calves— not to mention the ones in her pelvis— but watching his face scrunch up nervously like he's bracing himself for a letdown, she's overcome with the urge to jump him again. "I don't have to work till Sunday afternoon," Katniss tells him. His face lights up and she can't resist teasing him again. "But I didn't know I was allowed on the couch..." Peeta's face falls. "Katniss, I never meant-" "I'm kidding!" she says quickly, pressing a reassuring kiss to his neck. He pulls her closer, entwining his leg with hers. "I would gladly take you against every surface of this house," he says, his voice taking on a low timbre that has her squirming like it's some Pavlovian response she has no hope of ever conquering. "But that's a lot of cleaning and I can't afford a new couch." "I guess we'll have to go traditional for a little while," she says dryly, nodding at the bed. He leans over and hums into her neck, making her giggle and heat up at the same time. "You know, I don't think I've heard you swear before tonight." It's not that she isn't enjoying his attentions to her neck, or that she can easily ignore the way he's making her wet again, but she likes talking to him. Almost as much as she likes the rest of it. "You haven't heard me say a lot of those things," Peeta says lowly in her ear. Both. She likes both. Preferably together. "You know what I mean," she says, biting her lip to contain a gasp when she feels his erection press against her thigh. "I know, I know," he says, looking into her eyes. "I normally don't. I have to watch myself. But I kind of wanted to do the opposite with you." Katniss lifts her hand to run it through his hair, pulling lightly at the ends. "You drive me fucking crazy." "In a good way?" "In a very good way," he says seriously, his vivid irises now just a thin ring around his dilated pupils. "I thought you said you'd let me relax and veg out. Regain use of my legs," she scolds, her words immediately contradicted by the way she spreads her legs for him to move between them. "You can. Just lay still," Peeta says, holding himself up on strong arms. "Don't move a muscle." Author's Note: Thanks for reading this silly one-shot that was supposed to be a simple drabble for Freaky Fic Friday on Tumblr…and got a bit out of hand. Many thanks to misshoneywell and didntheramble for their help and support in pre-reading, and to Amelia for always being an amazing cheerleader. All mistakes are mine. (Also, I know Ben misquotes Star Wars . But, ya know. He's seven. I suppose we'll have to forgive.)