may end in another terrible sexual experience? No, Madge. I'm not gonna go." "I can't believe you're not even going to give him a chance! Do you know how many guys like Peeta there are in the world?" Katniss just stares at her and Madge continues to glare at her severely. "Is that a rhetorical question?" "Yeah, it is! There's no answer because there are so fucking few, no one can find them anyway!" Madge says, moving her arms around like she does when she gets really angry. "Guys, I'm so sorry," Glimmer says, sounding truly contrite, and desperate to head off their bickering before it escalates further. "I shouldn't have said anything. Shit, I have no idea, okay? That was a few years ago now. I bet he's awesome." "And even if he isn't," Madge adds, staring Katniss down, "it shouldn't matter that much! It's just sex. It's not all there is to a relationship!" "This is from the girl who keeps telling me I need to get laid!" Katniss shouts, feeling a surge of anger energize her even when she just wants to fall back in bed and hide under the covers. "And who said I wanted a relationship anyway?" "It's just one date! He asked for one date, right?" Madge asks almost desperately. "A few hours of your time. You don't have to marry him. You don't have to sleep with him. It's a free dinner, all right?" Katniss can read the defeat in her friend's posture, the way exhaustion seems to be creeping in, despite the fact that Madge's energy always appears boundless. And she thinks of their two-room apartment suite, and the smoothies, and the shiny MacBook she lets Katniss use all the time to FaceTime Prim. "I will think about it," Katniss says slowly, and Madge sighs gratefully. "I promise. When I have like five more hours of sleep and some Advil." Madge smiles at her Katniss shakes her empty glass in her face. "If I go back to sleep on the couch," Glimmer asks sheepishly, "you guys aren't going to stick my hand in hot water or anything, are you?" Katniss snorts, but Madge looks like she's seriously considering it. When Katniss makes her way into the lecture hall the following Tuesday, she refuses to lift her eyes and scan the room. She makes her way down a few rows, distancing herself from the napping students in the very back, and looks up to find a group of empty seats in the middle. She pulls her notebook out and writes the date on the top. Then the class name. Then her own name, because even though it's written on the inside cover of her notebook, you never know. These few pages could get ripped out or something and she could lose them and they could have really vital information on them. Information she could never recover. She has drawn about ten different 3D cubes in the corner of the page when her eyes flit up almost involuntarily at movement two rows in front of her. Students have been filing into the hall for the past five minutes, but it's his glinting blonde curls that draw her attention. She's studying the line of his shoulders when his neck starts to crane. She drops her eyes and returns her attention to her notebook, frantically grabbing for her pen, but she manages to knock it off her desk to the floor with a noise he definitely hears. She leans down to grab it, wishing she could keep her head below her knees for the remainder of the class period, and when she sits back up, she can't help that her eyes go straight to him. And he's watching her with barely concealed amusement. Just as he hadn't been able to the other day, Katniss knows she can't pretend she didn't see him. So she rolls her eyes and shrugs her shoulders at him, dropping her pen onto the tabletop. He smiles even wider at her, but instead of giving her a familiar wave, he just mouths, "Hi." The expression in his eyes is confident and searing, as if they really know each other; as if he hasn't been waiting three days for her answer. "Hi," she responds under her breath, even though he can't hear it. And he doesn't even try to follow her when she nearly runs out of the room at the end of class. She promised Madge she would keep an open mind. And she meant it. Her mind is wide open. To the possibility of saying yes and going on her first real, official date. Of his hand on the small of her back. Of pretending not to be amused by his jokes. Of kissing him. Of sleeping with him just to realize he's clumsy and awkward. Or rough and selfish. Though the latter doesn't seem much like Peeta. She keeps her mind open to the idea that, after one meal with her, the fascinated glint he gets in his eye whenever she opens her mouth will have faded completely and he'll realize she's just another girl with no interesting stories to share and a chip on her shoulder. That he'll be the great one and she'll just lie there stiffly, terrified by the idea of a person knowing her so intimately, body or mind. And so she doesn't say no, but she doesn't say yes either. Until she comes back from class one day to find a large bushel of fresh, deep green basil tied to her doorknob with a bow. And a note attached that says, "To the girl who hates impractical romantic gestures." Madge makes them pesto that night and Katniss asks if she can get Peeta's number from her phone. A/N: Written for Prompts in Panem, Round 4, Day 4: Pride. I'll try not to keep people waiting too long for the second part. Thanks to anotherbrokencompass for sparking the idea. ;) Find me on tumblr at dirtytalkingpeeta.