she asks. "Nah, they've got their own plans," he says, sitting cross legged and shaking one of them habitually. "Oh, one of them's a lawyer, right?" she questions, picking lint off of one of her gloves ( his gloves ). She sees the shaking stop from the corner of her eye and finds him staring at her, a sly smile creeping onto his face. "I don't remember telling you that," he replies. He mouth drops open, only now catching her mistake. She scrambles for a cover. "Um, no, I think you did. Maybe you don't remember, or-" "Katniss," he drawls. She shuts her mouth and huffs out through her nose, inexplicably annoyed with him and the chastisement she knows is coming. "Did you look me up?" "Maybe," she says and continues over his answering laughter. "Whatever, so I did. Maybe I just wanted to make sure you really weren't a serial killer." "And you were trying to make me feel like a creep," he says, the sly smirk still on his face. She wants to smack it away. "I'm not the one traipsing around graveyards-" "Well, you kind of are," he cuts in. She scowls at him darkly. "I'm not a creep!" she says, entirely too loudly. "I know," he responds, the smirk leaving his face. "Me neither. We're not creeps. Maybe we're just...friends?" He gives her a searching, almost pleading look and it's hard to ignore. "You want to be my friend?" she asks skeptically. She has no reason to be. She's shared more with him in their two interactions than she has with most people-at least, not anyone who wasn't already firmly ingrained in her life. He shrugs. "Yeah, that's good... for now ." At first, she rears back like she's been insulted, as if he's implying that she's disposable. But then she sees his sly smirk again (one that's becoming equally infuriating and enticing) and she realizes what he's implying. She feels her face flood with heat. After a few moments, heavy with silence, he breathes in deeply and lets it out in a white mist. "It's getting pretty late. I, um, have kind of gotten to know the schedule around here and there might be a groundskeeper coming around soon to chase us off," he says, standing up and reaching for her hands. She allows him to pull her up and their eyes meet, hands holding on for a moment too long. "And he would've gotten away with it if it weren't for those pesky kids," she says quietly, a weak attempt to lighten the moment. Apparently, it works because he tilts his head back and laughs heartily. She just watches him, smiling. He starts to turn and make his way towards the entrance, "Well, Katniss-" "Everdeen," she cuts in. His head turns back to her swiftly. "It's Everdeen." His gaze drifts to the gravestone nearby and hers follows. She stares at it for a moment before continuing. "That's my dad," she explains quietly. "Braden Everdeen. He died six years ago." It's more than she usually says about her dad to a stranger. But then, Peeta's not a stranger anymore. She waits for the inevitable questions- What happened? How did he die? Do you miss him? "What did he look like?" Peeta asks. His head is still turned towards the gravestone so he can't see her answering smile. "Like me," she laughs. He looks at her and smiles, too. "Dark hair, grey eyes. I didn't get his nose, but that's a good thing." "You'll have to show me a picture someday," Peeta says. "Okay." They smile at each other again before turning and taking the path toward the gate, him leading the way with his flashlight. "So...I was wondering if you maybe wanted to meet up sometime," Peeta starts, "You know, somewhere normal." "I'm not that normal," she says dryly. "Sorry to disappoint." "You don't disappoint me," Peeta responds lightly. "And you can choose the place. I meant it when I said I like it here, but I'm starting to feel like Bigfoot strolling around in the dark between trees." She chuckles and pauses right before they reach the entrance. He stops and looks back at her in question, flipping off the flashlight and putting it in his back pocket. She just wanted to stop-freeze the moment and live in the comfortable silence with him-but she's at a loss for how to explain that. So she pulls his gloves off her fingers and hands them to him. "Here, so I don't forget," she says, chewing on her lip. He smiles at her and pushes her hands back. "Nah, don't worry about it. I have plenty. We have a whole box of all these winter things, hats and gloves and stuff. My brothers and I were always losing them and once we all got to be about the same size, my mom just threw everything in a box and expected us to-" She takes a swift step toward him, lifts up on her toes, and presses her lips to his, cutting him off. Her eyes are screwed shut tight. She finally opens one of them to peer at him and finds him standing there, frozen. She lowers to her feet again, mortified , ready to sprint to her truck, when she feels his hands grab for her waist, hauling her up against him. She's taken off-guard, much like he must have been, but when she feels his cold hand on her face, thumb caressing her cheek, she softens and responds. After a moment, her lips part and he slips his tongue in lightly before retracting it way too soon, causing her to whimper. She feels him smile against her lips and he takes her lower lip between his, nipping at it playfully for a moment before deepening the kiss again. She sneaks her hands into his coat and feels what must be soft flannel underneath. She has her first kiss in a graveyard. It seems oddly fitting.