look at me. When one day at her home she insisted I took her out to the woods. Where many days later, weeks later, out by the lake... Gale's drifting away from me, fading behind the fog that fills my head. My name is Katniss Everdeen. I am seventeen years old. My home is District 12. I was in the Hunger Games. I escaped. The Capitol hates me. Peeta was taken prisoner. He is thought to be dead. Madge died in the bombing that destroyed 12. I realized soon after that I loved her. III. ...Where the dead man called out for his love to flee... ...Mockingjays answered with the same four notes I'd just whistled. Rue's four notes. Her soft voice filled my ears. "Even whistling you shush them up," Madge told me. I placed a hand on rough bark as I waited for her to surface into the clearing. When she did her eyes were amused, but earnest. "Can't take responsibility for how they act," I chuckled. Earnestness gone, she smirked. "They can't wait for you to sing." It was refreshing hanging out with Madge. After I came back everybody either hated me — Peeta — , were too busy to be with me — Gale, Prim, my mother — , were afraid of me, or were always vigilant in case I had a mental breakdown because of something they said. Madge didn't mind. She spoke as she always did. I guess she expected I could deal with it if she ever said something that affected me. My head shook. I signaled her to follow. After another fifteen minutes of falling over roots and looking suspiciously over her shoulder at any unknown sound, Madge finally asked for some rest. "It's nice out here, huh?" she said, looking around her. A convenient clearing. "Quiet." I nodded. No excess of words was required with her. I sat against a tree as she gazed around and above us. "Thought you'd like it." "Oh, I do." Her eyes met mine, wrinkling at the edges as she smiled. "It's somehow better than not being able to listen to you play the piano." I huffed. "Attempt to play it, more like." She didn't bother denying it. "What's with your mother and her headaches?" It's until I finished that I realized I hadn't been too nice with the question. Madge didn't seem to mind, though. "It's been a long time since I last asked. It's complicated. That's all I know." She sounded calm but serious. As if she wouldn't appreciate it if I continued down that road. "It's a shame we couldn't be at you house." "Well, I don't know." Madge shrugged. Smiled at me. "I finally convinced you to bring me out here." "You wanted to come out here?" I asked. "To the woods?" "I want you to sing." She gazed pointedly at me. "But coming out here is nice too." "I can sing just fine at your house." Madge came over to sit next to me. She looked at me sideways, and her eyes had that intensity that I'd been noticing since I'd come back. "Not with my mother two floors above... Still not enough to not affect her head." I was quiet for a time. "I don't particularly want to sing right now." Madge just nodded. We sat in silence for a very long time. Our shoulders rubbing together. Then she spoke. "I'm really happy you came back, Katniss." Her smile fell a little when I turned to her. Her voice went low. "I don't think I said it before. But I really am." It's not something I'd been told before. By anyone. I didn't know how to answer, or if I should. So I didn't. Instead, I said, "Thank you for coming to say goodbye, Madge." "I imagine you thought no one would want to say goodbye, huh?" "Well..." I hesitated. "The truth is, I never thought you and I were so close. Until you came and gave me the pin..." "I never told you—" It was as if Madge had caught herself saying something she shouldn't. She started again. "I wanted you to have something to remember me by..." There she goes again, I thought. Since I came back from the Games I knew there was something Madge wanted to say to me. However, every time she was about to say it she caught herself mid-sentence and started talking about something else. "I don't need it now, though." I presented to her the mockingjay pin, but she just closed my hand with hers and pushed it away. "It's yours now, Katniss. I want you to have it." I couldn't hold back the wide smile that stretched my lips. After another long silence I stood up. Told her we should be getting back. "You're not that quick and it's getting late." Making small talk, we made our way back to the fence and to her house. The sky was slightly dark by the time we got there. We said our goodbyes. "Maybe we could do this again sometime, Madge," I said. For some reason she blushed. "I hope so." Then she leaned forward and gave my cheek a soft kiss. Something happened then, though. Either I moved my face unconsciously and without realizing it, or she did, but the next thing I knew was that her kiss landed halfway on my lips. Just at the edge. They were surprisingly warm, soft. Hotness spread inside my stomach as though I was about to go on stage again for an interview with Caesar Flickerman. She pulled away and didn't mention it. And neither did I. Just an accident , I dismissed it. Still, I couldn't help remembering the first kiss she'd given me, weeks ago. I'd noticed how warm her lips were then, too. How soft. I distractedly ran my fingers over the place where our lips had touched and continued to do it until I was home. The time goes on... Review!