came with us. Anyway, it was my first time sledding. As we were waiting in line my brothers told me that I had to go all by myself the first time. They said it was the rules." He smiles as he says, "Of course, I believed everything they told me back then and I got really scared. You and your father were in line behind us. You must have been listening in because you spoke up and said to me, "You don't have to go down the hill all by yourself. You can ride with us if you want to." I was shocked. I had never questioned anything my brothers ever told me before that." "I looked up at my dad to see if it would be OK with him and your father told him, "It looks like you have a hand full with the other two, he can ride with us today if you don't mind." My dad agreed and seemed relieved. I know we were a bit much back then. After my dad and brothers went down the hill, it was our turn. You got in the front of the sled and I got in right behind you and of course your father got in the back. As we were sledding down the hill, you and your dad started singing Christmas carols. I thought your voice was so pretty. I was so in awe listening to the both of you singing that I wasn't scared at all. We must have gone down the hill together at least a dozen times that day. I was having so much fun, sledding and laughing and singing with you and your father. In fact, my brothers got tired before I did and my dad had to come get me to go home. Anyway, when you and Prim agreed to join us today, I was sort of hoping that you might still sing when you go sledding." Peeta's story amazes me. I remember singing with my dad when I was little. Even after Prim came along we always sang when we went down the hill. I do vaguely remember a little boy joining us one time. "That was you?" I say. Peeta smiles and nods. "I forgot all about that. I haven't really sung much since my father passed away. I'll sing with Prim to cheer her up sometimes, but I definitely don't sing while sledding." "That's too bad," Peeta says. "You have a beautiful voice." I don't know how to respond to this, so I don't say anything, but I can't help the smile that spreads across my face. We're at the top of the hill so I just follow Peeta as he walks up to Prim and asks her if she's ready to go again. We go down the hill several more times. Every time we do it brings back sweet memories of sledding with my father. Peeta and I talk a little when we walk up the hill after each run. Prim's having fun chasing after Sammy, so I guess she doesn't mind being left out of our conversation. After about six runs down the hill Delly says that she has to call it quits because Sammy is getting cold. Prim offers to take Sammy inside for hot cocoa. After she assures Delly that she doesn't mind at all, Prim and Sammy disappear into the building. The remaining four of us make our way back to the toboggan run. Delly and Rye go down the hill first. When it's our turn, I realize that I'll be alone with Peeta this time and I feel that shiver again that has nothing to do with the cold weather. I sit down on the toboggan and Peeta sits down right behind me. Even though we have plenty of room because Prim isn't with us, Peeta presses his chest against my back. I wrap my arms around his legs and grab the ropes. I look down as Peeta grabs the ropes next to my hips. Even through both of our coats I can feel Peeta's heart beating against my back. If I wasn't wearing my hood, I'm sure I could feel Peeta's breath on my neck. Suddenly I wish I had worn a different coat without a hood. I feel the toboggan moving forward and we swiftly pick up speed. Peeta lets go of the ropes and wraps his arms around my waist. I lean back so his head is resting on my right shoulder. Being in front, I'm supposed to be steering the toboggan, but the feeling of flying down the hill, wrapped in Peeta's arms is overwhelming my senses. Before I can think better of it, I lean to my left and let go of the rope in my right hand. I pull down my scarf and turn my head. I cup Peeta's cheek in my hand and press my lips to his. His lips are a little chapped, but soft and warm. I become so lost in the kiss that I completely forget where we are. The cold and the wind both distant memories as the warmth of the kiss spreads throughout my body. Suddenly I hear laughing. Peeta and I break apart and look up. Delly and Rye are standing over us looking very amused. I can feel my cheeks warm as I realize that the toboggan has stopped and we are wrapped around each other. I look back at Peeta and see that he's just as embarrassed as I am, but he presses his forehead against mine and gives me a warm smile. As we untangle ourselves from each other, I realize that we're lucky we didn't crash into anything. Before we get up I whisper in Peeta's ear, "That's the most fun I think I've ever had on a toboggan." Peeta chuckles and reaches down to help me get up. I take his hand, holding on tightly. At this moment I realize don't want to ever let go.