bit flustered. "Hey! Katniss! Um.. Hey. What can I do for you?" "Madge is meeting me here. I didn't have to work today so I thought we'd go to breakfast. What do you suggest?" She's surprisingly calm, although being in the bakery always makes her nervous. Mrs. Mellark is not known for her pleasantries, especially towards Katniss. "I hope you're planning on paying for that!" comes a voice from the back. It seems that Katniss can't avoid her even if she wanted too. Peeta quickly excuses himself and goes into the back of the store where is mother is. "Mom! Stop! She's just getting something to eat," he says as quietly as he can, hoping Katniss didn't hear. Peeta knows his mother still holds the loaf of bread he gave to Katniss over her head, but he's still upset she'd yell out like that into the front of the shop. She's sitting at her desk, the ledgers spread out before her. Looking over her glasses she says matter of factly, "Well, we know those Seam rats all want a free hand out." "No mom, that's actually not the case. She's meeting Madge here for breakfast." "Madge? Now there's a nice girl. You should date her," his mother goes on. Peeta just stares at her for a moment, too flabbergasted to move. "You're such a...nevermind." He walks back to the front of the shop in time to see Katniss leave through the front door. He's embarrassed and ashamed. For so long he's wanted to make a good impression on her, and just as he's starting to, his mother steps in to ruin everything. Just like she always has. He can't wait to get away from Panem, if only to get away from his mother. The next day is bright and sunny, perfect for working in the park on their project. Peeta only hopes Katniss shows up. As he pulls into the parking lot, he sees her beat up car, waiting. He lets out a sigh of relief and wonders how to handle the awkwardness from yesterday morning. He decides to go on as if nothing happened, to take the lead from her here. "Hey Katniss, how are things today?" he says, strolling up to her car. Katniss looks up at him for a minute, as if she's trying to decide something. She gets out of the car, closes the door and leans against it. She has a folder in her hands that she's holding onto for dear life. Finally she looks at him and says, "I think I've found something with the samples we've been taking, but I'm not sure. Want to check for me?" "Sure," Peeta takes the report Katniss has been working on, going over what she's written very carefully. He leans back against her car with a thud. "Katniss… if this finding is what I think it is…" "I know Peeta," she can barely contain her excitement. "I want to show it to the Park staff, see what they think, but I really think we're onto something here." Turns out that what Katniss and Peeta discovered is that the salamanders were beginning to adapt to a new environment, on their own. As they went over their findings with the Park staff, they were able to add a missing piece to the mystery of the salamander population in the National Park. Their findings went on to receive national acclaim, and Katniss was offered a full ride scholarship to Michigan State University. She couldn't believe it. After all of the heartbreak of her life up until now, finally something was going her way. She had her ticket out of Panem, and into the bigger world. Peeta was happy for her. There was a bit of sadness on his part, but he knew that was selfishness. As much as he cared about Katniss, he knew she had to leave. He just wished he could go with her. Peeta, while he received the wrestling scholarship he'd been working towards for State, was able to supplement his partial athletic scholarship with an academic one, because of his work with Katniss and the salamanders. His mother, for once, seemed proud of him. "Finally you're worth something to the family Peeta. You'll go to State, major in business, then maybe go to New York City and make something of your life." Not only did Peeta not want those things. It also stung that his mother thought that was all he was good for. Would ever be good for. What he wanted was to major in business and move back home, take over the bakery and enjoy life in Panem. He wondered if there was anyone out there that might appreciate him for who he was, right now. While he and Katniss had a solid friendship, he knew he wanted more than she could or would be willing to give him. As the school year wound down, and graduation grew closer, Peeta attempted to keep his friendship with Katniss going. She was still just as standoffish at school, but privately, they enjoyed their time together. They continued to meet up at the park, even having campouts. Purely platonic, much to Peeta's chagrin, but he decided a friendship with Katniss Everdeen was better than nothing at all. "Unrequited love. Stupid is what it is," he berated himself the night of the prom. Because he'd asked Katniss who told him flat out she had to work and the last place she wanted to be seen was at a school dance. So he took Madge and they had a fine time. Even if he couldn't help but wonder what Katniss would look like in one of those tight dresses the girls all seemed to favor. It was after that night that he decided it was time to focus on other girls. Even if Katniss was interested, she was leaving - she'd made that abundantly clear. He decided, it would be better if he just tried to forget about her.