blend together, as Katniss' lips touch his and to help heal him. In fact, Madge can't help but smile. Because, if nothing else, she touched Katniss in such a way that the girl started to realize, started to heal and see the truth behind human affection. Even if it is born in a lie. She can't be sure, of course, but she has a feeling. And when they return, she knows her place before it is even asked of her in those grey eyes. Their hill became less used, winter blocking their path, and a distance being put between the two. Madge didn't need to know why: she just came by the Victor's Village anyway. Played the piano for her victor, showed her how to play a little bit. For a while, Madge can tell she convinced herself everything would be okay. That it, her Games, is really done. And Madge believes with her, because she needs it. She watches as friendships crumble around the Girl on Fire, watches her put on a show for the cameras and sees her slowly realize she will be living forever in a lie. Things only get worse and worse, and Madge only does what The Girl on Fire needs her to. That deep connection, it is without a doubt still there, and they both know it. Both feel it, but with the intrusion of Peeta came a new level, a level between Katniss' connection with Gale and her connection with Madge. Something new entirely. But Madge doesn't mind in the slightest. She instead steps down and fades into the fold, allowing the budding romance to truly start to take form. It is, without a doubt, what Katniss needs, even if she fought it every step of the way, and continued to fight it; even if it meant giving up her life for a new one. Madge could see it, but, as was typical, Katniss couldn't. That their unlabeled time would never be up, but that everything, everything had changed. She knew, deep down, that Katniss knew it too. But that didn't alter what they had, or what they have. When Katniss falls into stupor for the Quarter Quell, Madge is there, but her presence never requested. ... The last time the Mayor's daughter sees her is for a brief meeting, sometime between when she was picked and when she was to leave. Madge is walking, steps frail, heart pounding quietly as she strains her hearing for not so peaceful Peacekeepers. She only manages a squeak when she's pushed, hard, against the frail wooden building on her left. Her back hits the building with a light thud, but it's the steely grey eyes that scare her. Katniss has her pinned, her eyes angry but pleading. Steeled, different. Demanding. Hard. Madge doesn't see it as the point of no return, even though she knows she should. Instead she sees them for what they really mean: this, these eyes so unfeeling. This is Katniss. So scared that she must box her emotions, must scream internally. Must hate her own home. Must hate herself. Her memories, her everything, destroying her from the inside out. Everyone had heard of her nightmares. Madge had comforted her a few times in their throes. Madge doesn't even bother trying to change that expression. That isn't what Katniss needs. Instead, the girl inhales sharply through her nose and kisses her, hard. The kiss isn't inviting. It's not soft. It's desperate, demanding, like her eyes. It's harsh and grueling and Madge can feel herself going weak, can feel herself leaning further into the boards behind her for support as Katniss' teeth gnash on her own, as they dig into Madge's bottom lip. When she pulls away, her breathing is just as hard, her eyes unchanged. But upon seeing the flushed face Madge knows she has and the desperate expression she knows she's wearing, those beautiful eyes soften. One calloused hand comes up and cups her cheek. And then tears. All of her demons, everything she'd been fighting. There it is. And that was okay. Madge leaned into the warm touch on her cheek, and just like that it was gone, Katniss backing away and letting her fingers trail Madge's still hot skin. In one fluid motion, she nodded and turned, leaving just as swiftly and silently as she came. Madge didn't bother moving, watching that ponytail disappear for the last time. ... As the last few minutes of her life blurred by, Madge could only surrender to the memories, let them wash over her and dull the blinding white pain as it seared her flesh and tore her skin, leaving her exposed. Naked. Dead. She could have left. But somewhere in there, in those deep pits of transcendence of body and mind, she had stolen a bit of Katniss' fire, a pinch of that ember that had always burned so brightly, fiercely, within the hunter. The Victor. She did not come out on top, but she had played a part. A big one. She had kept the Mockingjay safe. All that she could do was hope and surrender to the blackness as she watched the last of District 12 evacuate into the woods. Surrender into the stiflingly quiet arms of death, not nearly as comforting as those of Katniss. But they would do. ... So...there you go! Hope you enjoyed it. I don't know, I always pictured what they would have (if they had it, which in this case, they do) it wouldn't be something defined, because...well, there was no need to define it. With hunger and famine and death all around them, something as simple as a connection wouldn't need a reason, it would just be. Katniss wouldn't look for a label, and it just seemed like Madge then, wouldn't bother either. Then again, we don't hear much from her, eh? Tell me what you thought of it, if it pleases you! It will certainly please me but...I am the author! ;)