looking forward, similar to the others, but is pleasantly surprised to find her watching him and nodding her head to the beat. Peeta smiles and Katniss' cheeks turn rosy as she gives him a small smile in return, before abruptly turning back around. When the song ends, Peeta asks, "So, how'd I do, guys?" Knowing he did well, but not sure what kind of reaction he'll get from the others, especially Gale. "Good enough, I suppose," Gale replies with a curt nod to Peeta. "Good enough?" Katniss questions in disbelief. "He did great. Got it on the first try. It took Thom several times through the song to get it." Looking between Finnick and Gale, Katniss exclaims, "I say he's in. Finnick?" "Sure," Finnick replies, as he puts his guitar away. "Gale?" Katniss prompts after several moments. "OK," Gale concedes, "but just for the show tonight. Thom's back in as drummer when his ankle heals." "Hey, I'm not trying to replace your friend," Peeta explains. "I'm here to help you guys out so we can be the victors of the show tonight." "That's it," Katniss declares. "Peeta Mellark, you're a genius. We can call the band The Victors." "Fine, "Gale allows. "The Victors it is. Be at the college at 6:30. The show starts at 7." "We always ride together," Katniss protests. Turning to Peeta, she adds, "Be back here at 6 tonight, and you can ride with the rest of us." When they arrive at the college auditorium, Katniss tells the boys to wait while she goes to find out when they are scheduled to go on. She returns a few minutes later and informs them that The Victors will go on last. It's then that Peeta realizes that Katniss isn't a member of the band, but the band's manager as she makes sure all the guys have their gear stowed before ushering them out to the seats to watch the start of the show. While the other bands perform, Peeta's knee involuntarily bounces up and down as he looks around. He finds Gale sitting several seats away from him writing furiously in a notebook. He spots Finnick and Darius a few rows up and watches in amusement as they flirt with the many girls around them. He's startled when Katniss suddenly plops down in the seat next to him. "You nervous?" Katniss asks with a smirk on her face. "A little, I suppose," Peeta replies. "How can you tell?" Katniss places her hand on Peeta's knee to stop the bouncing as she looks back at him with her eyebrows raised. "Oh," Peeta flushes as he relishes the feel of Katniss' hand on him. "Sorry." "I'd expect you to be anxious for your first time performing in front of an audience," Katniss explains. "But don't worry, you'll do great," she says as she pats him on the knee before getting up. "Time to get ready to perform." Peeta watches Katniss as she walks toward Gale. After she's alerted the other three members of the band, Peeta takes a deep breath and gets up to follow them backstage. Once everyone is in place, ready to play, Katniss goes from Finnick to Gale and then Darius to make sure their ties are straight and their gear is plugged in properly. She stops in front of Peeta last and whispers, "I know you'll do great, just have fun." She squeezes his bicep before turning and walking quickly off stage. Peeta's pulse is racing faster and he's not sure if it's nerves or from the effect Katniss has on him, but once the band is announced, he taps out the beat twice as fast as they played it earlier in the day. Gale turns to tell Peeta to slow down, but Finnick nudges him with his shoulder to turn back around. Once facing front, Gale tries to sing the song at the original slower pace, but Peeta's rhythm is unrelenting and both Finnick and Darius are keeping up with the pace, so Gale gives in and starts singing at the quicker tempo. The members of the audience, who were previously just milling around and not really paying attention to any of the bands who were on the stage before begin to rush toward the stage. The song that was once a slow ballad is now a lively pop song that has everyone dancing. Peeta improvises his part, adding fills as inspiration strikes. He's never played in front of an audience before and he finds it exhilarating. When the song ends, the crowd cheers wildly. Several of the girls in the crowd scream. Gale turns around and begins to yell at Peeta for speeding up the tempo, but he's interrupted by the master of ceremonies who announces The Victors as the winners and presents them with a trophy and a check for one hundred dollars. Peeta has just stepped out from behind the drums when Katniss rushes onto the stage accompanied by a man who looks vaguely familiar. "Hey guys," Katniss say. "This is Mr. Crane, he runs the pizza place out by the airport. He wants to hire the band to perform for the next few weekends." Finnick and Darius quickly agree, but Gale laments, "But Thom won't be healed for at least 6 weeks." "Peeta can play," Katniss disputes as she turns to him. "Right, Peeta?" Peeta isn't sure what he's getting himself into, but he finds that he can't deny Katniss anything. "Of course," he says and she gives him the biggest smile he's ever seen from her, one that he will cherish until he can make her smile again. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Author's Notes: Special thanks to titania522 and katnissdoesnotfollowback for being such awesome betas, the-tesseract-wrinkling-time for the wonderful banner (you can see it on my tumblr), chele20035 for prereading and cheerleading, and damndonnergirls for fancasting Ken Bek as Darius. This is my first multi-chapter fic. It should be 5 chapters total. Feedback and reviews will be greatly appreciated. Thanks for reading.