her. She lifts a ashen face towards him, her lips trembling. Her tears have left uneven tracks in her make-up. "I didn't think... didn't think that..." Her voice falters, pain rippling across her features. "Didn't think what? That you'd get attached to the kids? Wake up, sweetheart. You're in the wrong line of work if you can't stomach misery and death. Do yourself a favor and go home." But she stays, and Haymitch can't decide if he should feel admiration or disgust. He's going through the motions, doing everything on automatic pilot. Reaping, train, Training Center, Games. All the while Effie glowers at him but he's so far past caring there isn't even a name for it. She teaches the kids manners and decorum and etiquette. Then they die and Haymitch gets a year of reprieve before the cycle starts up again. The Games go on and on. The victors are Careers, or sometimes, rarely, tributes from other districts. Never his own. One time, a girl wins the Games by pretending to be weak, getting all the other tributes to overlook her, and Effie comes to him, saying they should try that strategy for next year. "Well, they wouldn't have to pretend ," Haymitch groans. He can taste the venom in his voice, but really, what else can he say? It's the truth. Most of the times his tributes are starving kids with no muscle whatsoever on their frame. When they're not, they have no idea how to fight, and it's not a skill you can pick up in two weeks. "Please, Haymitch," Effie asks and asks again. He caves in and tries her tactic so she'll stop nagging him. His tributes still die, the boy from the cold, and the girl torn apart by a rabid Career. No surprise there. And then there's a volunteer. Haymitch can hardly believe it at first. He thinks maybe he didn't hear right, maybe he's so drunk he's imagining things again. But no. She's the real deal, that girl with her dark braided hair, and there's a fire in her eyes that Haymitch hasn't seen in a long, long time. On the train, she drives a knife between his fingers, narrowly missing skin, and Haymitch thinks " Yes, definitely fire ". The boy's not too shabby himself, with his likeable face and solid frame. So when they ask for his help, both of them, he doesn't turn them down. First time in a decade or so he'll actually mentor his tributes. Better make it count. They're off to a spectacular start with that whole girl on fire business, and Haymitch allows himself to believe that maybe, this year, the outcome will be different. Events certainly don't unfold the way they used to. An eleven in training? And she shot at the Gamemakers too? Haymitch decides he likes her, that he likes her spirit. She's also completely and infuriatingly pig-headed, and giving him more trouble than she's worth, but he likes her. The boy is more reliable. He's the one who comes up with the star-crossed lovers theme, and it's perfect. The sponsors will love it; Haymitch can already imagine them reaching towars their purses to keep his tributes alive. He still doesn't allow himself to think maybe one of them will make it out of the arena, but he's not very far from it. And it scares him more than it should. Then the Games start. First day, second day, third day. They're still alive, both of them. Haymitch focuses the sponsors' money on the girl: he learned long ago splitting it up isn't a valid strategy. It's the best choice. The girl's a survivor, she stands more chance than the boy. When she forms an alliance with Chaff's girl, him and Haymitch exchange a knowing look. It's not the first time, but it's always a relief when their kids don't try to murder one another. Of course, it usually ends badly. When the little girl dies, sparking a riot in her home district, Haymitch goes to Seneca Crane and pleads, selling the star-crossed lovers idea like he never sold anything in his life. It works. They change the rules, and when his tributes find each other again, sponsors are lining up, eager to send them gifts. The girl's a good enough actor, Haymitch has to admit. As for the boy, he's clueless of course, but that's for the best. Their performance ends up being all the more believable. The number of remaining tributes dwindle until the inevitable showdown. When it happens, it's brutal and horrifying, and the Capitol citizens are as delighted as ever. Then the fight's over, and his two tributes are still standing. Still breathing. Haymitch can hardly believe it. Of course, that's when they change the rules again. Well, at least District 12 will finally get a victor , Haymitch thinks, too dejected to feel true anger. But the girl decides otherwise, and with the berries stunt, she forces the hand of the Capitol in a move as bold as it is unprecedented. And just like that, the Games are over. The Games are over, and Haymitch still has two tributes. No. Two victors . That's not something he ever expected, and for the first time since, oh, forever, he actually laughs. A genuine, happy peal of laughter that starts in his stomach and expands all the way to his chest. Then it's a thank you to Katniss that makes it past his lips, a thank you because she's broken the cycle of death and despair, and he's feeling something that he thought he would never feel again. Something he thought he had lost forever, so small and yet so vital. When he raises his glass and drinks to all the tributes he couldn't save, to all the ghosts of his past he can never atone for, he also drinks to his future, and to that one piece of humanity the girl named Katniss just gave him back. Hope.