had loved and lost. It used to be for Prim, the one whose death brought my sanity to its knees, but over the years began to lose its strict connotation, until it applied to anyone who had passed, and whose memory would live on with those who were alive to remember them. In the places it was celebrated, people gathered and gave, received, threw, and laid primroses at the sites that meant most, to those who had passed. Rue's had been so overflowing that it took up the entire street, and they'd had to clear them. Prim's was left alone, because District 11 saw it as their tribute to the girl who had bothered to love theirs. Even as the flowers died and slowly receded, the core set never vanished, their scent hanging in the air. I actually liked that it wasn't just for Prim any longer, but though it had changed in this new city they called "Harmony", the tradition still stood that the flower of choice would be the primrose. In fact, it was the one thing that had stuck throughout all of Panem: a primrose for the dead. A primrose for the girl who was named after, and embodied, the delicate flower. I cried tears of happiness, I think. I honestly couldn't tell. I wondered how 12 had never heard of this celebration, but then…Peeta and I had all but quarantined ourselves from the ever-changing world, even within our own district. I didn't, and don't, regret it. We had our own way of celebrating, but I took the entire trip home to tell Prim all about just what she meant to me, and now, so many others. What she had become, what she could have become had she lived. How this would have all changed. But with the ache in my heart, I could still feel it as she touched my hand, the touch of tiny water droplets in an insistent mist: it can't, and couldn't have gone any other way. With watery eyes I returned her sincere smile. I told her about her family. About the boy with the bread, the girl with the loud footfalls but true arrows and the boy with footsteps lighter than hers and a heart to rival the one that had beat in her breast. Told her what became of that damned cat of hers. Told her everything and nothing as we hitched on the train, hanging onto the handrails, the smell of springtime primrose filling my lungs and the sprinkle of a bubbling stream flowing over my hand. ... And then one time, I never came back. I left a watery-eyed Peeta with our grown children. He could care for them, and them for him. I asked him not to rush after me, but I don't know if he listened. I wandered into the woods not much later, armed only with my father's hunting jacket, a quiver with a few arrows, my bow, and the smell of primroses to comfort me. I don't really know how long I was in the woods. How far I wandered. I had a sense that it didn't really matter, and that made it even better. I could enjoy the warm air, the snaps and pops of the earth as I stepped through it. I could take deep breaths and, for the first time, let them out without them catching. Free. Somehow, some way, I was free. From the memories that only lightly prodded me now to the lightness in my limbs and the weightlessness in my chest. But finally, I came across a tall fence, the electricity shut off long ago. I walked along it, a sense of familiarity prickling at the back of my mind and overtaking me as I dropped to the ground and slid through a gap, coming out on the other side and continuing on my way. There were signs, old and rusted and hard to read because of that, taken and reclaimed by nature. Vast rock formations and planks of wood holding them up dotted the hills. Old vehicles left for dead and covered in a thin film of black. Ancient, rudimentary. Abandoned. Fresh sprouts sprang from the gray dirt around them. I walked passed them, until I saw the first telling of civilization, outskirts of a big town, towering buildings off in the distance. I had never been here before. I take in every building, every house, the structures unfamiliar but hitting a pang of memory, echoing inside of me. I can't place the exact recollection though, and it fades. The houses and buildings give way to city streets, busy but sprawling, not crowded. Beautiful, even. I find myself in the strange new place, shiny and bustling and clean, untainted, unmarred, with just a gentle itch of familiarity. It nags at me as I turn a corner and come face to face with…myself. Large and bronze, glinting in the warm sun. My bow is at my side, quiver on my back, body forward, paused. I recognize it as images swim forth: my first games. To my own surprise, I smile. It feels like a lifetime ago. Right before I saluted District 11, I think. My face is serious, sad, eyes dangerous but grieving, heavy with loss. The face of a reluctant future leader. Of a reluctant victor. My mockingjay pin flashes and sparks more images to leisurely flood me, as I work my gaze down, down, below my Games boots, to an inscription directly below the District 12 seal that hasn't been used since the fall of the Capitol: Here lies Katniss Everdeen Child of the Seam Girl on Fire I hope that was satisfactory! I don't know if it delivered quite the emotional punch I was going for...but I think it delivered a lot more than I hoped, at the same time. But alas, I am the author! Please tell me how you felt about it! And thank you for taking the time to read it. :)