"All of your jobs here are secure, you don't have to worry about Snow or Glimmer anymore. We've had an accountant going through the books and it appears all of you are owed quite a bit of back pay. Snow's assets have been seized and after this case is settled, each of you will receive a handsome compensation check." A loud cheer erupts across the room as Plutarch is surrounded by employees eager to shake his hand. I look at Peeta and a huge smile appears on his face as he pulls me in for a hug and a kiss. When we separate, I grab his hand and pull him back to my family's table, determined to set things straight. Everyone is looking between me and Peeta and down at our joined hands. I take a deep breath. "Aunt Effie, Uncle Haymitch, Prim, I'd like you to meet Peeta, he's my boyfriend, not Gale. I'm sorry I lied to you, but Gale didn't take me to the Heavensbee Hotel last night, Peeta did." Effie's eyes widen and she's about to speak up, but Haymitch places his hand over hers to stop her. "Aunt Effie, I'm sorry if I'm not the proper young lady that you expect me to be, I know I'm a disappointment, but I have to live my own life. If you can't accept that archery and hiking and the outdoors in general are a part of it, well that's just too bad." I take a deep breath, ready to go on, but Peeta squeezes my hand and gestures for me to look at Effie who's dabbing her eyes with a handkerchief and Uncle Haymitch is rubbing her back. I rush to her side and she looks up at me with tears in her eyes. "You think I'm disappointed in you?" I frown as I nod and she continues, "When you and Prim came to live with us, I felt blessed that I was able to care for you when your mother was unable to, because Haymitch and I couldn't have children of our own. We tried so hard to give you every advantage that we could have and I suppose I got carried away, but please believe me Katniss, I've only ever wanted what's best for you, dear, but ultimately, that's up to you, isn't it?" I smile and give her a hug. "I'm very proud of the young lady you've become, Katniss. I'm sorry if I made you believe otherwise." She tells me as she hugs me back. When Effie pulls back, she wipes her eyes, puts on a bright smile and says to Peeta, "It's very nice to meet you Peeta, so you're the young man who's captured our Katniss' heart." Peeta looks at me and says, "I certainly hope so," before he leans in and gives me a kiss. Peeta and I sit down at the table and I turn to Uncle Haymitch. "So you helped bring down Snow, huh?" He takes a sip from his coffee and sets it back down before he says, "That's the real reason we came here, Sweetheart. Snow has been trying to get me to invest in this resort so he could buy out Heavensbee, but when I did the research, I uncovered some very suspicious activity. I contacted Plutarch and we worked with Seneca Crane to expose him. I was at the Heavensbee Hotel last night finalizing the preparations for what you saw happen today." "Thank you very much for everything you did, sir," Peeta says as he shakes Haymitch's hand. "You're welcome, kid, and call me Haymitch, please. That was some show you two put on last night." He smirks as he picks up his coffee. I blush because I'm not sure if he's talking about the dancing or the kissing he witnessed when we got back. "What does that mean, Katniss?" Effie asks, "Were you in the show last night?" Peeta has her mesmerized as he explains everything. A few weeks later, the settlement from the Snow resort has been distributed. We get word that Johanna was able to pay off the taxes and liens on her dad's old auto body shop, so she can reopen it with her friend Thom. Madge got the part she auditioned for on Broadway, it's just in the chorus line, but it's a start. With the settlement, she'll be able to move to New York permanently so she can be available for auditions all the time. While Gale got less of a settlement because he didn't have to work two jobs, he's putting his money aside to help pay for his siblings' college education and of course visit Madge whenever possible. Peeta's part of the settlement will allow him to attend college without taking out any student loans with plenty left over to go toward opening his own bakery after he graduates. Funny thing, Peeta is attending Capital University, too. We'll be in separate dorms, but we'll be able to see each other quite a bit between classes. I can't help but think back to how this summer has played out. When we first arrived, I thought I was just going to enjoy the time I had left with my sister before heading off to college, but I've actually experienced quite a lot more. Effie and I have a new appreciation for each other, I gained the confidence I needed to stand up for myself and I have Peeta who makes me feel a way I've never felt before. Instead of just accepting things as they come, I can't wait to see what the future brings, because this summer, I've had the time of my life. The Mature rated version of this can be found on AO3. My user name there is Norberts_Mom. Thanks to Sohypothetically for her help. Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games or the movie Dirty Dancing. The title of this fic comes from song of the same name from the movie Dirty Dancing.