the older ones are up front, the younger in the back. It is reverse this time. She doesn't like the dress she wears. It's poorly-made and poorly-fitted, a limp grey thing hanging off a skin-and-bones frame held together with dry, dehydrated skin. The Matron combed her hair thoroughly, and she'd seen the comb afterwards, all clogged with black, tangly knots. The only mercy is that they let her keep her hair down, to hide her too-bright eyes in her too-sunken face; she is the only one, standing in a sea of girls with braids down their backs. (When she glances at Katniss Everdeen, standing on the podium with a grim face, she wonders how the girl feels; she is an idol, a figurehead, and it seems she doesn't know how she got there. This is probably why she did not manage to started the slow-burning rebellion, not yet.) Adrian Valencia watches as Effie Trinket, with her permed blonde wig and her dress made of monarch butterflies, walks up on stage. She is smiling and happy, though the grin is a bit subdued with how stone-faced District 12 is. It doesn't matter, Adrian believes; let the Capitolite have her fun. She does not know how very privileged she is, a butterfly beating its wings in coal dust. Harmless and unaware of the hurricanes she causes, the lives she displaces. It's hot and miserable. It's always miserable in this district, though. Effie Trinket taps the microphone, the light touches of her fingers echoing. She clears her throat. "Well, well! Happy Hunger Games, everyone! And aren't we so lucky, Happy Quarter Quell as well!" She is bubbly, Adrian observes. Much more so than before. (Pride, she thinks, pride in her district which walked away with not one but two Victors last year. She is hoping for a successful streak.) "The Capitol would like us to call the names of the voted Tributes before the Reaping," says the woman cheerfully, her accent strong and booming. (She is an outsider, Adrian Valencia thinks to herself, and there is nothing — not even her misplaced, shallow pride in District 12 — that will paint her otherwise, this Effie Trinket woman, this Capitolite.) "So, if you please. Ladies first!" Mayor Oversee hands two envelopes to Effie Trinket. They are yellow, just like the envelope the Quarter Quell speciality came from. It is probably the same in all the other districts. "For the girls: Juniper Combe!" Everyone turns to the fourteens. Juniper Combe is a Seam child, olive-skinned and dark-haired and exhausted-looking. She is tall and wide for her age, but not fat; just big. There is a primal terror in her eyes, a betrayed panic, and she looks around, begging for someone to save her. "Come on up, Juniper Combe! Your district has given you the honor of participating in a Quarter Quell!" (Your district has given you up to a violent, terrifying, televised death.) (There is no Katniss Everdeen to volunteer for you.) The girl, her legs trembling like a newborn foal, walks forward. She stumbles once, and is helped up by a quiet sixteen with a grim face and a steady hand. Then she's on the stage, and Effie Trinket announces and presents her again. There is light, pattering applause when it is called for. No one really wants to applaud; this is the face of the girl they — the adults, as it is only them who were required to vote, though the younger were allowed to if they so wished it — sentenced to die so that the other girls could be saved. There is relief in the rest of the girls, in everyone who is over twelve-years-old. Juniper Combe stands off to one side as Effie Trinket opens the next envelope. "For the boys: Livius Portshore!" A beat of silence. Faces are slackened with shock. Disbelief. Incredulity. And on some faces, unmistakable glee. (One of those faces is Amycus Selkirk, the boy with the sprained wrist.) "NOOOO!" "IMPOSSIBLE!" "NO, NO, NO- DAD, LEO, HELP ME-!" "LET GO OF MY SON! THERE'S BEEN A MISTAKE!" "BACK AWAY! BACK AWAY OR WE FIRE!" Chaos. Livius Portshore tries to fight the Peacekeepers, tries to run, right until they threaten to fire on his family. Then he falls limp and sobs, just as his father — a portly man in his fifties, a wealthy chain-store-owner — collapses to his knees with tears streaming down his fattened, smooth face. His wife, Mrs. Portshore, is barely holding it together. The boy's siblings in the Reaping crowd look devastated and relieved at the same time. But there is only one face Adrian Valencia watches. Leohardt Portshore looks like the world has ended. She knows him. He never has such expressions on his face. He is a doctor, a proper doctor, not an herbalist or apothecarian. He treats people both physically and mentally, healing their hurts with his smile. It is strange to see such an expression; Livius Portshore was hated enough for people to betray his father and send him to die. Why would such a scumbag's death bother such a good person? She blinks slowly as the Reaping begins. Then she sighs. "Samhain Vinpointe!" You deserve to live. "Savera Kithbain!" Adrian Valencia steps forward as the applause dies. She is not so dramatic as Katniss Everdeen, she doesn't think. No, Katniss had blocked her sister from the stage with her body and screamed out her desperation and love. That was why Katniss Everdeen is the Girl on Fire. Adrian is not so hot-headed. She approaches the stage slowly and quietly, and stops just before Effie Trinket. There are eyes all over her, making her rather uncomfortable. But she doesn't really care, because her voice is calm and steady and that soothing alto that no one ever seems to hear from the little thief, the little Seam rat who has been told to die too many times to count. "I would like to volunteer as Tribute," says Adrian Valencia.