tells me she heading home. After a quick hug from Rue, Prim and I are the only two left. She wraps her arm around my waist and asks me if I'm ready to go. I nod and thank her for a wonderful evening. As soon as we make it back to our apartment, we both head for our own bedrooms. I'm out before my head hits my pillow. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX When my alarm goes off in the morning, I hit snooze a few too many times and I barely have time to catch a shower before heading out the door. I decide to grab a coffee and a cereal bar at the gas station on my way to the bookstore, but as I turn the corner, the new bakery that Prim told me about comes into view. When I open the door, the bell at the top jingles and I'm overwhelmed by the wonderful aroma of fresh bread. I'm so engrossed by looking at all of the breakfast options before me that I don't notice the person waiting at the front counter until I'm standing face to face with him. "Hey Katniss," Peeta greets me with a smile. "I didn't expect to see you so soon. What can I get for you?" I'm startled for a moment, unable to form words, but I shake my head to clear my thoughts, "Is this your bakery?" Peeta runs his hand over the back of his neck and chuckles, "Yep, I named it Mellark's in honor of dad's old bakery from when we were kids." I hadn't even noticed the name on the awning, but I do remember his father's bakery. My dad used to stop there to bring home sugar cookies for Prim and I before it closed down. "That great Peeta," I gush. "Prim served blueberry danish from here yesterday for breakfast. It was delicious." "Thank you, I'm glad you liked it. You certainly seemed to enjoy the cake last night too." Peeta says with a smirk. I blush as I nod, remembering Jo's comment. "I didn't know you made that too." "Yep, cakes are our specialty, but our breakfast pastries are pretty popular, too. Did you want a couple of blueberry danish again this morning? You looked like you're in a rush when you came in the door." His statement makes me realize that I have to get going if I'm going to make it to work on time. "Yes please, and a cup of coffee, black." As he's getting my order ready I can't help but ask, "So does Delly work here too?" Peeta turns around with a questioning look, "Why would you think Delly works here?" "Oh, I just remembered that your mom and dad worked together at their old bakery," I explain as I pay for my order, "so I figured it must be beneficial to make it a family business." Peeta's eyes are still narrowed at me when he says, "Katniss, Delly's my best friend, that's it. She and her husband just moved back home when she got a job as a school teacher at our old elementary school. Her husband Thom found work as a construction worker on that bridge downtown. He works second shift, so he couldn't make it last night." Peeta chuckles at my stunned expression, "You seriously need to start that Facebook account so you know what's going on. Delly invited me to join her at your party to put Thom at ease. He's paranoid that she's going to go into labor all alone on the side of the road." My face falls when I realize that Peeta was only there to put his friend's husband's mind at ease. After he told me that he and Delly weren't married, I thought he might have come because he wanted to see me. "Thanks Peeta," I say as I turn toward the door. I really need to get out of here. I'm going to be late as it is and I'm going to get an earful from my boss, Miss Trinket. "Hey Katniss," Peeta calls me and I turn back around. His face pales and he blows out a breath. He stares into my eyes, and I feel trapped by his gaze. "Delly may have also invited me because…" He takes another deep breath before he continues. I find myself hanging on his every word. "Because she knows that I used to have a crush on you back in high school. She knew I'd want to see you, but I barely got the chance to talk to you and when I finally did, I froze. You really have no idea the effect you have on me." I'm stunned, "You used to have a crush on me?" I murmur. Peeta nods as he moves around the counter to stand in front of me, his gaze never breaking from mine. "I still do," he whispers, "surprise!" Effie Trinket be damned, I think as I reach up and grab his broad shoulders, pulling him down for a kiss. He wraps his arms around my waist and pulls me closer to him to deepen the kiss. I'm not sure how long we stay like that, but we're interrupted by the jingling of the door behind me. We're both panting when we finally pull away. The customer seems startled to see our embrace in the middle of the bakery, but Peeta and I both breathe a sigh of relief when he walks over to the display case to peruse the offerings there. "I've got to go take care of this customer," Peeta whisper in my ear. "Can I see you later?" When I nod, he grabs a business card from the counter and quickly scribbles his phone number on the back. Call me?" I nod again as I float out the door. I don't even remember entering the book store. I'm 15 minutes late, but Miss Trinket goes easy on me when I offer her one of my blueberry danish.