better and better! I picked up my cup and drank some water. A couple of minutes later, Finnick finally finished eating the loaf! He stood up. "This had been a delicious meal, Mrs Cresta," he said politely. "I must be heading home now. It's getting late, and my parents might be worried. You know how it is, these days! Peace keepers roaming the streets and whipping everyone they see." "Of course," said my mum at once. "No one would want your beautiful-I mean healthy-body with lashes all over it! Annie! Show him the way out! Sergio! Wrap up some of this fish in dried seaweed and give it to Finnick for him to take it home! I don't think Marica is hungry, so wrap up the last loaf of bread as well! He can have a good breakfast tomorrow morning, instead of the usual meal of small bread crumbs in leftover fish soup! We can't have Finnick starving to death, can we?" We can , I thought. I led Finnick to the door and waited for the wrapped food. "You know the way out," I said flatly. "Trying to poison me with seaweed," said Finnick, rolling his eyes. "You so did it on purpose. You're the only Cresta who knows that I hate seaweed. It's all thanks to our kindergarten teacher, who made us make a poster on our favourite seafood and our least favourite seafood. And you're the only one that read it and remembered. Gee, you'll do anything to have revenge on me, dear Annie. I can assure you that sometime in the future, you'll be kissing my feet and worshipping me like all your Cresta sisters and mother, and half the girls in the village! Just you wait, Annie! You may have had revenge on me today, and won half the battles in our childhood wars, but by the time we're adults, your hatred for me would've all melted from the heat that circulate off my body, and would be replaced by admiration for me. You may not believe it now, but it will happen." "You seem sure of yourself," I said sarcastically. "I can assure you that whatever's left of your charm, I'll never fall for it. If you seriously want to be treated like a god, and people kissing your feet, just ask for it, and my sisters will gladly do it." Before Finnick could reply, Sergio appeared. "Here," he said sourly, dropping the seaweed-wrapped fish and bread onto Finnick's feet. "Thanks for ruining our prospects of a good breakfast." He left after giving Finnick a loathing look. If I ever want to murder Finnick, my brothers would gladly help. Finnick looked at me expectedly. "Pick it up yourself," I said, opening the door for him. "Good bye Finnick. Hopefully I don't have to see you again soon. Go on, shoo." Finnick leant down, picked up the bread and fish and stood up. He bowed mockingly at me, and walked out (backwards), smiling at me for no particular reason. Realising I won't sigh and scream over him, he blew me a kiss and strolled away. I watched him walk mockingly arrogantly home. There was something about him that I just couldn't look away… I shook my head. I'm turning out a lot like my sisters and mum. When I went into the kitchen, Marica had sat down, her lips puffy and pouted, her eyes red, and her hair more tangled than before. Did she seriously cry all that time?! God, there's something wrong with my family, all fighting over a single guy. Yes, he has good features, like those bright sea green eyes that girls would die for, bronze hair and tan skin. He was tall for his age and well built for a fourteen year old. When he first met me, he spoke with a seductive purr and wink, despite us being three years old. My older siblings would swoon over him, which was quite annoying. Finnick and I were good friends, but we had no romantic feelings for each other (I think?). We were quite affectionate to each other like brother and sister, but nothing more. Besides, if I had any real feelings for him, I would have many rivals for his attention; some being my sisters and my own mother. Another, being a peace keeper. A worried cloud had settled in my thoughts. What if Finnick is reaped for the Hunger Games? I'll be all alone in my walks on the beaches. No one to have sand ball fights with, and no one to talk to when none of my sisters would listen. No one to turn to when I'm stressed. I felt a pang of guilt. I knew Finnick hated seaweed. Why did I buy the seaweed bread?! It's only days away from the Reaping! I should be spending more time with the people (including Finnick) who have more of a chance of being chosen as tributes, instead of arguing or plotting against them. Who knows? Maybe this would be the last day I would ever see Finnick. That would be terrible! I don't want my last sentence to him as 'go on, shoo!', it just doesn't seem right! "You know," said mum thoughtfully. "We should have Finnick over on the last night before the Reaping, in case he does get chosen. What do you say? We should have all of the Odairs here! Your father isn't working that day either!" "No!" groaned Davyd. "We see them too much already!" Mum lightly slapped his arm. If Davyd complained about Finnick, he would've earnt himself gutting duty. I'm sorry, Finnick , I thought. I didn't mean to buy seaweed bread. I was just playing around with you. I should've chose a different time. A day far from the Reaping. I'll make it up to you, I promise. I won't play tricks on you ever again. This is my first Hunger Games fanfiction, so please be nice and review! :) No flames please!