reaping by introducing Effie Trinket. Bright and bubbly as ever, Effie Trinket trots to the podium and gives her signature, "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor!" Her pink hair must be a wig because her curls have shifted slightly off-center since her encounter with Haymitch. "It's such an honor to be in here in District 12," I know that's she is lying. She probably had hoped for a better district with proper victors, not drunks who molest you in front of the entire nation. My eyes search the crowd. Hoping to catch a glimpse of Katniss. I spot her on the right a couple lines before me. She wears a soft blue dress with matching shoes and her hair in one braid. Probably one of her mother's old dresses. My thoughts slip away while I think of Katniss. Then it's time for the drawing. Effie Trinket says as she always does, "Ladies first!" and crosses to the glass ball with the girls' names. She reaches in, digs her hand deep into the ball, and pulls out a slip of paper. The crowd draws in a collective breath and then you can hear a pin drop. Effie Trinket crosses back to the podium, smoothes the slip of paper, and reads out the name in a clear voice. And it's Primrose Everdeen. I am startled. That's Katniss sister! How many times was here name in there? She is only twelve. I notice that my eyes are watching Katniss. She's seems frozen, totally stunned by the news. Someone is gripping her arm, a boy from the Seam I guess. How terrible it must be for her. Prim starts to move, blood drained from her face, hands clenched in fists at her sides, with the back of her blouse hanging out over her skirt, walking with stiff, small steps up toward the stage and passing Katniss. "Prim!" screams Katniss. My eyes are back at Katniss. What is she doing? She walks to the stage, while the other kids immediately make a way, allowing Katniss to walk straight to the stage. She reaches Prim. With one sweep of her arm, she pushes Prim behind her. "I volunteer!" she gasps. "I volunteer as tribute!" My heart stops, my head is turning and my body is stunned. I feel a small pain in my stomach. Katniss walks slowly to the stage, but there is some confusion on the stage. District 12 hasn't had a volunteer in decades and the protocol has become rusty. The rule is that once a tribute's name has been pulled from the ball, another eligible boy, if a boy's name has been read, or girl, if a girl's name has been read, can step forward to take his or her place. In some districts, in which winning the reaping is such a great honor, people are eager to risk their lives, the volunteering is complicated. But in District 12, where the word tribute is pretty much synonymous with the word corpse, volunteers are all but extinct. "Lovely!" says Effie Trinket. "But I believe there's a small matter of introducing the reaping winner and then asking for volunteers, and if one does come forth then we, um . . ." she trails off, unsure herself. "What does it matter?" says the mayor. He has a pained expression on his face. I know he is loyal customer of her. "What does it matter?" he repeats gruffly. "Let her come forward." Prim is screaming hysterically. She's wrapped her skinny arms around Katniss like a vice. "No, Katniss! No! You can't go!" she screams. Katniss says something I can't hear. I think she told her sister to go away, because a couple seconds later Gale comes and lifts Prim off the ground. Prim's thrashing his arm while he carries Prim off to her mother. "Well, bravo!" gushes Effie Trinket. "That's the spirit of the Games!" She's pleased to finally have a little action going on other then a drunk Haymitch. "What's your name?" she asks Katniss. "Katniss Everdeen," "I bet my buttons that was your sister. Don't want her to steal all the glory, do we? Come on, everybody! Let's give a big round of applause to our newest tribute!" trills Effie Trinket. To the everlasting credit of the people of District 12, not one person claps. Silence. Which says we do not agree. We do not condone. This is wrong. Then we put our three middle fingers, from our left hand, to our lips and then hold it up to Katniss. It is an old and rarely used gesture of our district, occasionally seen at funerals. It means thanks, it means admiration, it means goodbye to someone you love and I loved her deeply. Haymitch chooses this time to come staggering across the stage to congratulate Katniss. "Look at her. Look at this one!" he hollers, throwing an arm around her shoulders. "I like her, lots of . . . " He can't come up with a correct word for a while. "Spunk!" he says triumphantly. "More than you!" he releases Katniss and starts for the front of the stage. "More than you!" he shouts, pointing directly into a camera. It's an odd situation and nobody really knows who he's talking to. Maybe he's addressing the Capitol? I'll never know because just as he's opening his mouth to continue, Haymitch plummets off the stage and knocks himself unconscious. Haymitch is whisked away on a stretcher, while Effie Trinket is trying to get the ball rolling again. "What an exciting day!" she warbles as she attempts to straighten her wig, which has listed severely to the right. "But more excitement to come! It's time to choose our boy tribute!" I feel my stomach turning. She crosses to the ball that contains the boys' names and grabs the first slip she encounters. She zips back to the podium, smoothes the paper, and reads out the name in a exciting voice. "Peeta Mellark!"