was white from head to toe, like he'd been dipped in a vat of bleach, the only colour on the frilly suit-wearing man's body being his bright orange irises. Apparently he was somewhat of a celebrity in the Capitol due to his previous career as a television presenter, hence him getting the honour of being District 2's escort. Jevrin spins on his heel to face the crowd once he reaches the podium, grin unnaturally wide on his face. It makes me think of a doll or an action figure; all plastic and make-believe persona. "Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the annual reaping for the Hunger Games!" He announces, as if expecting an applause. He's disappointed when all he receives is a few blank looks and eye rolls, but refuses to let our lack of enthusiasm ruffle him. Smile spreading even wider he hops over to the two glass balls, saying "Ladies first!" and reaching down into the ball. It takes a while for him to actually pick a piece of paper, attempting to build suspense as he is. I don't feel as irritated as I did during my first reaping; over the years I've gotten used to the theatricality of Capitol citizens. Finally he grabs a slip and stands behind the podium once more. As he opens his mouth to speak a sense of anticipation fills me, buzzing against my skin and causing my vision to tunnel in on that slip of paper. "Lavisa Jaeger!" I can hear the mutters and swishes of fabric as people look around, searching for their chosen tribute. But I don't pay attention to them. My fingers twitch and my mind turns to my cards. La Roue de Fortune X. The wheel of fortune, it seems, has landed on me. I want to laugh, because no one will volunteer this year. I am chosen. I will be going into the Hunger Games. I will kill, and likely I will be killed. My corpse will be sent back to my district to be mourned by parents who will not mourn, and I will be forgotten, just another victim of the Capitol and it's machinations. I am going to die. I start walking forwards before the Peacekeepers decide to drag me, the sea of young girls parting easily to allow me passage. Their stares remain on my face the entire time, and as an uneasy murmur passes through them I realise I am grinning wildly. And I can't seem to stop, the urge to laugh bubbling in my chest. It just seems so funny. I want to ask them why they look away when they meet my eyes. Do they see my death in them? Surely it is bad luck to meet the eyes of a condemned woman. Jevrin looks upset that there are no volunteers, since usually District 2 can be counted on to have at least a couple. Just my luck that this year, the year my name is reaped, the packs are so lacklustre. I look out at the eighteen-year-old girls and wonder if I should be railing at the unfairness of it all. But since when have I believed in fairness? The guilty prosper and the innocent die, and that's the way it has always been. All that's left to decide is whether I shall become a member of the guilty, since I haven't been an innocent for many years. My thoughts feel disjointed as I make my way up the stairs. Is it the shock? No, I don't feel shocked. I feel amused. I should feel afraid, but it is sparks of mirth that curl down my spine and sing in my mind. My hands itch for my cards. I come to a stop beside Jevrin who has regained his thrilled look, and my grin is feral when I look at him, pleased to see his smile falter. He pulls himself together enough to congratulate me, before scurrying over to the boy's glass ball. He calls out the name of the unlucky boy with minimal preamble; "Reiner Wayland!" The boy that steps up is a year older than me, with dark blond hair and a stocky build. He stands taller than me, and hard blue eyes glance at me. Crazy bitch, he must be thinking, and I take in the arrogant set to his posture and the confident smirk that rises to his lips. He thinks he can win. I wonder how painful his death will be. Perhaps I will have a hand in it. The mayor, a short older man with grey hair and the remnants of an athletic build, moves up to the podium and begins reciting the Treaty of Treason. The words wash over me in an incomprehensible wave of sound, the familiar words failing to register as my gaze turns upwards. The sky has clouded over in parts, and past the shop roofs I can see Mount Pyrene's intimidating form. How small we are in comparison, how young and insignificant. We may have hollowed out the mountain, cut out it's insides and dug up it's roots, but it will outlast us all. With a look at the hulking boy at my left, then at the plastic man who wears the oblivious cruelty many Capitolites share, I decide I would like to outlast them all also. . . . So I hope you guys enjoyed the first chapter! I certainly enjoyed writing it. The darker characters tend to appeal to me most, so this is a nice change from my other Hunger Games character who is far too nice. That's why I made Lavisa – she's pretty much his polar opposite. And a little crazy, which is very fun to write and will probably escalate as time goes by. Please review and tell me what you think, any advice or queries, and if I should continue updating this. I'll probably keep writing, but I figure if there's not much interest there's no point in posting. Farewell!