After signing in Tero clasped a hand on their shoulders before moving off to join the other family members, and Kaden caught a glimpse of him settling near the back, stone-faced and arms crossed. Then it was time for Prim to join the other twelve-year-olds. She reluctantly detached herself from his side, and he gave her a quick hug – the other teenagers were bustling around them, and he heard several annoyed huffs as they tried to get past the obstruction – before sending her off with a reassuring smile. It faded as he walked over to the other seventeen-year-olds. His attention was drawn to the stage that had been set up in front of the Justice Building, which had been cleaned up even though it still held the grey tinge of age. On the stage were four chairs, two of which occupied by Mayor Undersee and Effie Trinket. The green suit and ridiculous hair of District 12's escort earned a raised eyebrow, and he privately thought that her scary wide smile could terrify small children. A few minutes later a woman with black hair streaked with grey climbed up on the stage and stiffly took a seat. Blair Vine. She won the 37th Hunger Games when she was fifteen, receiving a blinded eye and a limp for her trouble. Her lips were turned down in a near constant frown, and she always sat up straight. When she was in the Games a boy from 2 stabbed her in the lower back, just before she cut his throat with a jagged rock. They were the last two left, so the Gamemakers had simply waited to see who died first, and when Blair lasted the longest they declared her victor and patched her up. But the boy had done some sort of damage to her spine that not even the Capitol could fix completely, resulting in her limp and a never-ceasing pain in her back. Despite her biting sarcasm and cruel insults that she directed at pretty much anyone, she'd opened up a small clinic that dealt out homemade cures and painkillers for free. She'd also stitch up anyone who asked for her aid, as long as you'd put up with her remarks on the 'stupidity of youth', as Kaden knew from experience. Not so oddly, she'd grown fond off Prim when his sister insisted on coming with him once, and had accepted her as a sort of apprentice when Prim asked if she could learn from her. So whilst Blair didn't exactly like Kaden, she'd gotten used to him, and appreciated the herbs he'd collect from the forest at her request. Catching his eye, the stern-faced woman gave him a nod. He returned it with a cheery wave, and he saw her snort and look away to glare at the cameras being set up around the square. His eyes drifted away, pulled almost magnetically to the two large glass balls. Before the fear could fully manifest the town clock struck two, and the balding mayor stepped up to the podium and began to read. Rather than listening to him blandly recite the history of Panem, the Dark Days and the creation of the Hunger Games Kaden sought out Gale. He stood amongst the eighteen-year-olds, and craning his neck Kaden could see the stormy expression growing on his face. Kaden didn't quite understand why he was so mad – it was the same speech every year after all – and he attempted to get his attention whilst remaining silent. Unfortunately, their psychic link seemed to be malfunctioning today. Distracted, he didn't notice that Effie Trinket had taken the mayor's place until she gave her signature bubbly, "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favour!" Haymitch Abernathy, the only other victor District 12 had had, was sitting in his chair too, slumped over and obviously very drunk. Kaden wondered if he was the reason Effie's wig was now skewed, and half wanted to congratulate the man as Effie went on about how it was such an honour to be there, despite her clear distaste for the district. And then Effie said, "Ladies first!" as she moved over to the girl's ball, reaching her hand in deep. His heart was beating frantically in his chest, in a mantra of not Prim – thump-thump – not Prim – thump-thump – not Prim. He wished she would hurry up , because he couldn't bare this, couldn't bare the fear and desperation that twisted in his gut and constricted his breathing. She pulled out a piece of paper, and Kaden imagined he could see his sister's name written in fancy Capitol writing, all loops and unnecessary curls, glowing through the paper. He knew he was being stupid – Prim's name was in there once, just once, not like his own twenty-four – but he couldn't stop himself from holding his breath when Effie approached the podium, spread out the piece of paper and read two words that brought his world crashing down around him. "Primrose Everdeen!" After watching Catching Fire I was inspired to start a new fiction, which I hope you'll enjoy. So, introducing Kaden Everdeen (pronounced Kai- like a kite -den), overprotective big brother and generally cheerful guy. I decided to make him this way due to the majority of ocs being sarcastic, quick-tempered and kinda mean (not all, mind you). Oh, and female. I kinda have a plan for where I'm going with this, but a lot of it is 'in the moment' writing, so updates may be sporadic. Either way, I'd love to know what you think, so please leave a review. For any interested, since I don't think I'm very good at describing how people look, Kaden is inspired by Zack Fair from Final Fantasy 7 (his pre-hair slicked back look) so google it if you'd like. Oh, and Blair Vine will have a purpose...eventually. Obligatory disclaimer; I don't own anything except any ocs who turn up.