hold District 12's population of about eight thousand. Latecomers are directed to the adjacent streets, where they can watch the event on screens as it's televised live by the state. We all exchange terse nods then focus our attention on the temporary stage that is set up before the Justice Building. It holds three chairs, a podium, and two large glass balls, one for the boys and one for the girls. I stare at the paper slips in the boys' ball. Only five of them have Peeta Mellark written on them in careful handwriting, but at the moment, that's five too many. I wring my hands in building tension. Two of the three chairs fill with Madge's father, Mayor Undersee, a tall, balding man, and Effie Trinket, District 12's escort, fresh from the Capitol with her scary white grin, pink hair, and spring green suit. They murmur to each other and then look with concern at the empty seat. The town clock strikes two, and the entire audience jumps. The mayor steps up to the podium and begins to read. It's the same story every year. I fidget more. By now, almost the entire audience is on their toes, looking as if they were facing a bed of burning coals they had to walk over. Except for the gamblers and the bidders. They have an eager look on, a disgusting twist of their bedraggled faces that I want to punch off. Almost as a habit, I search the crowd for her, in this moment of unease I look for her dark hair and gray eyes that aways brought me comfort, or at the very least, reassurance that she was there. "It is both a time for repentance and a time for thanks," intones the mayor. Katniss: Haymitch Abernathy, a paunchy, middle-aged man, who at this moment appears hollering something unintelligible, staggers onto the stage, and falls into the third chair. He's drunk. Very. The crowd responds with its token applause, but he's confused and tries to give Effie Trinket a big hug, which she barely manages to fend off. I snort. The mayor looks distressed. Since all of this is being televised, right now District 12 is the laughingstock of Panem, and he knows it. He quickly tries to pull the attention back to the reaping by introducing Effie Trinket. Bright and bubbly as ever, Effie Trinket trots to the podium and gives her signature, "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor!" Her pink hair must be a wig because her curls have shifted slightly off-center since her encounter with Haymitch. She goes on a bit about what an honor it is to be here, although everyone knows she's just aching to get bumped up to a better district where they have proper victors, not drunks who molest you in front of the entire nation. It's time for the drawing. Effie Trinket says as she always does, "Ladies first!" and crosses to the glass ball with the girls' names. She reaches in, digs her hand deep into the ball, and pulls out a slip of paper. The crowd draws in a collective breath and then you can hear a pin drop, and I'm feeling nauseous and so desperately hoping that it's not me, that it's not me, that it's not me. Effie Trinket crosses back to the podium, smoothes the slip of paper, and reads out the name in a clear voice. It's not my name. "It's Primrose Everdeen." One time, when I was in a blind in a tree, waiting motionless for game to wander by, I dozed off and fell ten feet to the ground, landing on my back. It was as if the impact had knocked every wisp of air from my lungs, and I lay there struggling to inhale, to exhale, to do anything. That's how I feel now, trying to remember how to breathe, unable to speak, totally stunned as the name bounces around the inside of my skull. Someone is gripping my arm, a boy from the Seam, and I think maybe I started to fall and he caught me. There must have been some mistake. This can't be happening. Prim was one slip of paper in thousands! Her chances of being chosen so remote that I'd not even bothered to worry about her. Hadn't I done everything? Taken the tesserae, refused to let her do the same? One slip. One slip in thousands. The odds had been entirely in her favor. But it hadn't mattered. Somewhere far away, I can hear the crowd murmuring unhappily as they always do when a twelve-year-old gets chosen because no one thinks this is fair. And then I see her, the blood drained from her face, hands clenched in fists at her sides, walking with stiff, small steps up toward the stage, passing me, and I see the back of her blouse has become untucked and hangs out over her skirt. It's this detail, the untucked blouse forming a ducktail, that brings me back to myself. "Prim!" The strangled cry comes out of my throat, and my muscles begin to move again. "Prim!" I push through the crowd, some people moving, some not. How could they not realize how important this is? I'm almost to the stage, and I think Effie's noticed words are on my lips, a little voice in the back of my head says it's suicide, but I'd rather me than Prim. I open my mouth to shout when I feel a hand clamp over it. I twist to see who it is, ready to punch anyone, anything, blindly, and then he then barrels into me, effectively knocking us both to the ground, and out of sight of Effie. I struggle violently, panic building in my chest, but he refuses to get off me. I turn my head to catch a glimpse of blond hair and those blue eyes that I never forgot. It's the boy with the bread.