which she'd get to say her goodbyes to family and friends. Renn entered the room next to hers and waited. "Shit!" The door opened and Chris bursted into the room"Shit!" To Renns surprise he was pulled into a strong hug by his childhood friend. "Shit!" he cussed again. "Thanks man." Renn tried to gag. "This is not funny!" ' I know' Renn thought. "Ok man, listen: you can win this! You're freaking smart and not that badly out of shape eventhough you missed our run last week!" Chris adressed his friend. Their tradition of going for a run every wednesday had been existing since three years now. "Wish I didn't now. Let me be honest, I wasn't sick, I kind of just bailed cause I didn't feel like it. Sorry man." "I knew it!" Chris nuged him. "But jokes aside. Renn, you can make this game. You have a chance of coming home." "Chris, seriously? I don't. I have no clue how to kill kids. And infact: I don't want to have anyones life on my account. I...I want to make it home...I really do but...let's be realistic I wont. And even if I had a chance...wonderwoman in the room next to us seems to be pretty keen on winning this. And I am not going to kill her no matter what. I owe her..." "Bullshit! You don't owe her anything! Renn promise me that you'll try! PROMISE ME!" Christian Panel was upset. And mad. "I will. I promise that I'll try man. But you have to promise something too. Please look after Cass and my mom. Just make sure that Cass is ok, ok? My mom...she's strong she'll cope but Cassidy. Please just look after her ok?" "Promised."The two boys shook hands. "Time's up" one of the Peacekeepers said obligating Chris to leave. He gave his friend another hug. "Come home, Ok? You're like my borther" he said, leaving Renn alone in the room. Five seconds later his sister and mother entered the room. Cassie fell into her brothers arms and he squeezed the tiny girl. Renn did the best he could to look confident. "It's Ok." He said looking at his mother. Jessica fought with tears. "It's not." Her voice was unbroken, almost toneless. She folded her arms around her son. "It's not fair. It's not ok!" "Mom" Renn didn't know what to say. There was so much he wanted to tell his family. So many unsaid things but he couldn't bring a word over his lips. "Renn" Cassy peeped "You have to come home. You..it's not...you can't die!" "At least it wasn't you little one." Renn put his arm around his sister. "I'm just so glad that that girl," he paused. "Moira...I can't belive she volunteered but I am so glad she did. I am so glad you're safe at least." "but you're not" She clung herself to her brothers waist. "Renn, do you know that girl?" His mother asked. "No. I have never talked to her or anything." "It was a very selfless act. She didn't even know Cassidy...i am so grateful that at least it isn't both of you...this is horrible enough." She reached for her sons hand. "Renn, you are smart. You are strong. You know that you have a chance, right? Don't count yourself out just now, do you hear me." His mothers words resonated in Renns head. "Renn come home. Promise me that you will come home." Cassie shook his arm. "I'll try. I promise that I'll try, ok Cass?" The same Peacekeeper that took his childhood best friend away entered the room a second time. "Your Time is up." Renns' sister threw her little arms around his neck again. He squeezed her. "Take care ok? And look after Chris and May. You know, they'll just make trouble if no one looks after them." He ruffled her hair. "I love you Cass." "I love you too Renn." She paused and removed a tiny silver locket from her neck. She got that necklace from Jessica for her tenth birthday. Ever since it contained a picture of their father. "Take this with you! It's a token. With dad by your side the other tributes have no chance!" She fastened the locket around her brothers' neck. "Thanks Cass. This really means a lot!" He kissed his sister on the cheek and squeezed her again. "Really, thank you!" Then he hugged his mother goodbye. "Take care Mom! I love you." Jessica pressed her son against her chest. "I love you too Renn. I've never told you how proud I am. I am so proud of you. You have become the most amazing young man. You can win this. Just remember you can win this ok?!" "I will." and with that she released him and the Peacekeeper lead her and his sister away. The doors closed behind them and left the male tribute of the 72nd annual Hunger Games alone in the elegant room. The boy sighed. Only a few moments later a peacekeeper entered the room and escorted him, Moira and Alcyone to the train station. The tributes were rather silent, Renn because he didn't have anything to say and Moira because it seemed to be her character, Alycone though keept twittering about the capitol and all the amazing things they were to see in the 7 days. The tree of them entered the train and the doors closed almost immediately. Renn looked out of the window and watched his home fade away. A/N ~ -So, what do you think of Renn and Moira so far? I know she has not been a big part of the story yet and it is quite obvious that Renn is our protagonist. -Also what do you think about Renn's and Chris' friendship. Heads up, I'm sorry to crush some hopes here but no, they are not gay, just really close friends. -Is there anything that you particulary liked/disliked in this chapter? -Questions, Constructive Criticism and Comments are encouraged :)