I feel normal, and utterly empty. My heart starts to ache even before I comprehend the situation. This can't be good. " What happened?" I ask, but my boyfriend's mask stays the same. I decide to formulate the question differently, "Is everything okay?" The panic is building up inside of me and threatening to spill all over the sterile floor. An unknown voice breaks the silence Cato created, "You fell down the stairs. Do you remember that? Don't worry if you don't, temporary memory loss is normal after bad concussions." He looks at me with a blank, professional expression. "I'm Dr. Franshot" Comprehension is dawning with every word the doctor utters, but I'm afraid I won't want to hear the rest. "As for the second question," He looks hesitantly at Cato. Cato takes over where the doctor stopped, "A miscarriage, Clove." he says and watches me carefully for the reaction. A miscarriage? The word is foreign in my mind, even though I know the definition. Understanding hits me with a slap in the face. The fluttering is gone. The child that had taken residence in my womb, is gone. It is just gone . " No." I whisper, panic clawing at my insides. And ice filling the place where my baby should be. "No." I say a bit louder, denying the fact that simply can't be true. My father chooses that moment to enter the room, barely hidden joy consuming his face. Oh, it is so badly hidden, I can practically see him wallowing in bliss. And in that moment I know he is the one who did it. My father has gotten his rightful revenge, after all these years: I killed his wife, he killed my child. There are no words for the emotions washing through my body. Bitter anguish, burning hatred and maddening sadness takes hold of me. Pressing into me so tightly I can't breathe. In a second of blind rage I have jumped from the bed, pulling whatever attached to my arm out. The aim is my father and I get halfway to him before I collapse. If it hadn't been for Cato and his fast reflexes I would have hit the floor. I struggle in his arms. I need to see my father's blood spluttered all over the white tiles. I need him to suffer worse than me, if that is even possible. Then I want to bury him while singing the happiest song. And when I'm done I will dance on his grave. But even when I'm on my best, I can't get out of Cato's grip, that is tightening around me drastically as I fight back, now I have no chance at all. Though I know it is impossible, my instincts are screaming at me to fight back. And I continue until a needle is stuck into my arm. And I find myself struggling against the blackness instead. But blackness never loses, and I just lost my will to fight. I can feel myself go limp until I can't feel myself at all. I find myself subconsciously stroking my abdomen; the place where my baby lived before it got killed. With a sigh I let my hands fall heavily in my lap. I feel a poke of something hard in my arm as I do so, and I remember the thing laying in my pocket: my gift for Cato. I was going to give him this necklace as a token, which is of plain wood and I have carved out perfectly myself. C + C, it says. And though it might seem incredibly cheesy it does actually have sort of a meaning to us. Our initials put together that way symbols our invincibility. Together we are invincible. Slowly I run my finger over the perfectly carved surface. Accuracy has always been one of my specialties, and accuracy with knives most of all. The necklace is like a haunting reminder of what is happening. On how our invincibility is about to be slowly and brutally defeated. Aaron stays behind as the others carry Gia's limp body out. "Look, Clove." Aaron says, and I look up at him, shoving the necklace down into my pocket again. "I know this must be hard for you. But you have to stay strong. You're the most stubborn being I know, you'll find a way." He sighs lowly. "And if you can't find one, you have to make one, okay?" I can't do anything but stare at him, like he has gone entirely insane. But if anyone in this room should succumb to insanity, it should be me. Then Aaron catches me off guard with wrapping his arms around me. And to my surprise, I don't pull back. Instead I rest my head on his chest in defeat and let him hold me before I say through gritted teeth, "It's just so unfair." I say, sounding like a little child. "Life isn't fair." Aaron says and lets me go. Then he walks me out of the room, telling me my time is up. Aaron and a couple other Peacekeepers is escorting us to the train. "You can do this, Clove." is the last thing he says to me. Cameras are flashing everywhere, and I use my last will-power to put on a somewhat confident expression. I let a vicious grin slide over my lips, the cameras go wild, then I make my way into the train. Inside the closed train door, in the dim light my one and only love stands. The emotions swimming in his eyes rage so fast I can't keep up. Similar to my own mess of feelings, I don't know what I'm feeling. But as I see his eyes settling on pain, I can't help but letting the pain wash over me too. Leaping into his arms I cling to him with every bit of strength I possess, promising myself that I will never leave. But I know that promise is soon to be broken.