Unlike Axel, the circumstances of her victory are common knowledge in District Three. By the time of her victory in the 17th, the Games had begun to be televised, sponsorships to be set up, and children's lives to be bet on. Next to the starving tributes of Districts Eleven and Twelve, none were more hapless than ours. Lifetimes of sitting doubled-over before factory machines or conveyor belts, coupled with the polluted air, harsh punishments, and lack of open space to exercise in, meant our tributes were easy prey. They didn't even have the general fitness that working in the forests or fields gave the tributes of poorer districts like 7 or 10. Add to that the typical appearance of the population – short and scrawny, with ashen skin and dull black hair – and it's easy to see how unappealing we were to the sponsors. Maybell Lectric shattered that stereotype. She had grown up amidst the rough-and-tumble of a community home, but it was her cunning rather than her strength which bought her the crown. Through a mixture of manipulation, backstabbing, and stealthy poisoning, she wiped out over a quarter of her competition, defying all expectations. The Capitol was in an uproar, the district in awe. There was even some speculation that District Three might join One, Two and Four in the rapidly developing 'Career alliance' of wealthier districts who trained their children for battle. But, as quickly as she had risen to fame, Maybell dropped from the public eye. Nowadays, she's rarely seen outside of her home in Victor's Village, and that's just when she goes to the market to buy brandy or chases away kids who ring her doorbell for a laugh. I've seen her shuffling along the narrow streets, hunched over and muttering bitterly, and it makes me all the more grateful that she didn't pass on what she had learned to the youth of the district. The third and most recent victor is Beetee Joule, a young man who won the 39th, only twelve years ago. I know even less about him than I do Axel. I was just a child when dad caught me staring transfixed at the television screen upon which a pack of careers had cornered the young Beetee. Whatever he did to win, it was loud, violent, and obscured by dad's hands over my eyes. I can still remember the screams, though, and despite my hateful fixation with the Games, I have never desired to learn what he did to those tributes. It's the memory of those tortured howls that now strikes me as I watch Beetee adjust his crooked glasses and wipe a shock of obsidian hair from his forehead. Just as he's doing this, the Mayor rolls up the seemingly endless Treaty of Treason scroll, igniting an uneasy tension throughout the crowd. Clearing his throat, he adjusts the microphone and announces the District Three escort for the 51st Hunger Games, Gallus Flamboy. Although I've seen him every reaping day for the past ten years, there's something about Gallus Flamboy that never fails to make me cringe. It might be his freakishly pale skin – not a lifeless ash like the typical District Three complexion, but the blinding white of a skull stripped clean of flesh. Or maybe it's his outlandish orange hair, shooting vertically from his scalp and then flopping limply to one side like a rooster's comb. I notice with an unpleasant squirm that his arms are dappled with even more obnoxiously vivid tattoos than usual, and he's added to his collection of rainbow-colored lip rings. He has to be around six feet tall when one takes into account his high heels, which given the shortness of nearly everyone around him are so unnecessary as to be offensive. To top it all off, he can't be over thirty years old but is obviously so sick of his job that his enthusiasm is more to convince himself than us that "this year will be the best Games ever!" "All right, District Three!" he sings with fake gusto, "Who's ready for the reaping of the fifty-first Hunger Games? Boys? Girls? Hmm?" The dead silence across the square is the closest our district can ever get to directly insulting the Capitol. Gallus folds his arm in a childish impersonation of a pout. My gaze drops to the ground because I'm sure if I don't tear my eyes away from him they'll burn a hole right through his face. "No one wants to go first?" comes Gallus' piercing whine. "Fine, then, if you don't care, we'll start with the boys!" I stare intently at the smudged cobblestones, willing my mind to be as focused on their thin dusting of soot as my eyes are. Nothing can stop the rise of bile in my throat, as if impelled by my pounding heartbeat. A shuffling of papers, then the male tribute joins the long list of names which will undoubtedly haunt me the rest of my life: "Arkel Schmidt!" The name isn't familiar, so I don't bother looking up as the unlucky victim makes his way to the stage. I try to find something fascinating about the ground, but my mind's gone blank and I'm only aware of the increasingly frantic throbbing in my chest. Just a few more minutes. Just one name and you can go home. You're going to go home. Homehomehome. Gallus screeches some meaningless comment about the male tribute. He must be turning to the girl's reaping ball now... It won't be you. Talee says so. The slips of paper are ruffling together in a deathly whisper... It can't be you. You haven't taken tesserae. I'm hardly aware that my eyes have squeezed shut. It won't be you, it won't be you, itwontbeyou... "Wiress Bentell!" Somewhere deep in the recesses of my memory, a white bird falls in mid-flight, its feathers stained black. ~~o~~ Well, that's the first chapter. What did you think? Reviews and constructive criticism are more than welcome!