next to you." Faythe glanced warily at Rye whose gaze was stony and hard. She subtly scooted away from the boy, who cracked his neck with a grin. "So.. um, alliances are out of the question?" Faythe asked. Pemeth sighed, "Districts 1, 2, and 4 are the ones who will team up. Most of the other Districts are useless in comparison to them. So, yes; Alliances are not logical, unless you somehow manage to get in with the Careers." "So it wouldn't be a good idea for me to team up with Rye?" Faythe said, looking at the boy. "I mean, we're from the same district. It could be helpful." " Me ? Have an alliance with you ?" He snorted, "You're a girl ." Faythe was taken aback. "It's a smart idea. We've grown up in basically the same place. We could help each other out." Rye shook his head, "I'm going to have to pass. Especially since a little girl like you wouldn't be able to do anything to help me in the first place." Faythe clenched her jaw. Somehow, she couldn't find herself getting along with Rye. She was thinking of ways to keep them both alive, whereas he was only thinking about himself. She leaned in dangerously close to the boy. The only way she had a chance of winning was with some help. This guy should have been begging to have an alliance with her — even if Pemeth said it wasn't worth it. "Just because I'm a girl, that doesn't mean I'm weak ," Faythe spoke harshly, her eyes gleaming threateningly. "We're trying to survive out there as long as we can, and we're already going to have multiple Districts after our heads. Now, if you want me as an enemy, you're one step closer to being dead. So I suggest that you think about an alliance, or else I will show you no mercy." "Settle down," Pemeth sighed. "If you really want to have an alliance with Rye then you shouldn't be yelling at him.. that will make him dislike you.." Faythe crossed her arms in a pout. That stupid, arrogant, sexist boy. All she was trying to do was help and come up with a good plan! "If you really want to team up.. then our first order of businesses is for you to inform me of what your strong suits are," Pemeth stated, leaning her chin onto her hands. "Strong suits?" Rye repeated. Pemeth nodded, "Yes. Like weapons you can use, are you a good runner.. climber.. anything you think would help in the games. I could also figure out ways for you guys to use combination attacks." Rye glanced down at his golden arms, slightly flexing his muscles. Although he didn't really need to for them to bulge from his shirt. "Well, I'm pretty strong from working out on the fields. I've practiced fighting with a farming sickle before, so that would probably be my best weapon. Either that or hand-to-hand combat." "Alright," Pemeth grinned. "And you, girl, what are you good at?" Faythe eyed her mentor carefully before her gaze moved down to the side table beside the red couch. There, lying motionless, were the darts belonging to the dart board. Swiftly, Faythe moved to grab one of the sleek darts. Holding the projectile in her delicate hand, Faythe didn't even bother to glance over her shoulder before gently pushing the projectile through the air behind her. Her blind throw flew at quick speeds, landing effortlessly on the dart board thirty feet away from the couch, jamming itself into the wall. Upon closer examination by Pemeth, she whistled lowly. The dart went straight through the inner bull's eye, not even a millimeter off point. Faythe reclined back in her seat, her eyes level. "I guess you can say that I have pretty good aim." "Damn... that was amazing," Rye spoke lowly. He was definitely surprised at the girl's skill. "The flattery is unnecessary," Faythe replied back easily. "I already know where you stand with me." "It wasn't supposed to flatter you, sweetheart," the brunette spoke lowly. "It was a statement. A true one at that. And I said that because girls are usually pansies who don't like to get their hands dirty." Faythe felt her scowl soften, and she could feel her cheeks warm, if only slightly, "Okay, I get it... and don't call me sweetheart. I'm not even that good." "Yeah, yeah.." The two tributes looked away from each other, though Pemeth was quick to break the silence slowly beginning to creep up. "You're right. You're not that good," Pemeth smiled eerily. "You're excellent . I can definitely work with that.." "Work with us both," Rye corrected. "I'm in for the Alliance." "Oh, so seeing the girl's power made you reconsider?" Pemeth grinned. Rye quirked an eyebrow, his grin lazily following the action. His cheek dimpled, as if he didn't know the true power of his smile, and Faythe swallowed roughly, uncomfortably. Was he trying to flirt? "I guess you could say that." Pemeth nodded. "Well, although I'm not really a fan of alliances, I guess I can train you two together — just this once." Faythe and Rye shared a fleeting glance, a knowing glance, before Faythe got up. "Try to get some beauty sleep," the girl spoke quietly, nodding her head before making her way to her room. "We wouldn't want Ophilia to pitch a fit at us for having dark circles under our eyes." In reality, Faythe really just wanted to get out of that room. Rye Hazeldine was dangerous to her. Yes, it was better to have him as an ally than an enemy, but with his looks, Faythe knew it would be hard to keep him from working his way into her heart. She had to have to stay vigilant around him — wary. She couldn't slip up. She couldn't make attachments. She couldn't make friends. They were just going to die anyway.