violently in fear. The eyes held hers and instinct told her not to look away. That this was some kind of standoff and terrible things would happen if she were to lose. As soon as she made this resolution, hers eyes began to sting and water with discomfort. She fought the urge, but it was futile. She blinked. All hell broke loose. The creature lunged for her and she let out a howling scream. She tried to get up but she had twisted her ankle in the fall and she fell back down again in a heap of pain. Suddenly there was not one but several of the creatures bearing down on her. Great, furry monkeys, even larger than the first and more terrifying besides. A rock lay on the ground next to her hand and she used it to smash several of them over the head, but there were simply too many. She had resigned herself to a dreadful end, certain to be mauled by these terrible creatures when a pair of hands hauled her up strong arms and began running through the forest. It could only be Haymitch, Katniss realized. But the creatures followed, and there was only so much the sailor could do with a single knife and his arms occupied with the adolescent girl. Peeta appeared out of nowhere, and Haymitch handed her over to him. He slung her arm around his shoulders for support, and she could see the strip of white sand just visible between the trees. So close , Katniss thought as Peeta half- dragged, half- carried her to the beach. Surely, they could enter the water for refuge from the onslaught of screaming monkeys. At last, the warm water lapped around her feet as they made it to the ocean. Peeta loosened his grip on her and turned to find Haymitch. But he was nowhere to be found. "Haymitch!" Peeta cried out in desperation. "Haymitch, where are you?" They didn't have long to brood. A figure that could only be the old sailor stumbled from the forest. No monkeys followed. They seemed reluctant to leave the sanctuary of their jungle. But any thought of the killer animals left Katniss's mind as Haymitch collapsed into the sand. Forgetting about her twisted ankle in that instant, the girl rushed to his side. It was only upon approach that she saw the dark, wet stain on his abdomen seeping through the fabric of his shirt. He was hurt. Badly. "No," she whispered. Two deep puncture wounds marred his chest. Teeth marks. Her tiny hands went to the wound at once in a feeble attempt to staunch the rapid flow of blood, but her efforts were in vain. "Sweetheart," the old sailor croaked, panting with the effort of speech. Katniss pulled his head into her lap, tears spilling down her tanned and freckled cheeks. Peeta had arrived just after Katniss to the scene. His face was white as a sheet. "Peeta, m'boy." Peeta grasped the man's hand in response. "You'll be… fine…you're… survivors, y'are." Haymitch's breath came out in strangled wheezes. His end was near, and there was nothing the children could do for him. A more helpless feeling they had never known. "Jus… jus obey the… laws. Promise me." A glint of his old steel flooded his eyes just then, and both children nodded. "We will," Peeta whispered. "We promise. Thank you, Haymitch." Katniss nodded fervently beside them, unable to say anything for fear of unleashing an unstoppable tidal wave of emotion. "An' stay… alive." Before the two kids could agree to this second promise, the old man had closed his eyes. His heaving chest slowed to a stop. His limbs went still. He did not open his eyes again. He was gone. And Katniss and Peeta were all alone. The pair remained beside their fallen mentor all night as the fat droplets of rain gradually washed away the rivulets of blood from his lifeless form. It was the longest storm they had ever witnessed on the island. It was as though the heavens were reflecting Katniss's own grief back at her. The guilt in her gut lingered until dawn finally broke, a watery sun breaking through the cover of clouds. "I can't stay here anymore, Peeta," Katniss said. Her eyes were stormy gray and rimmed with red. His eyes matched hers, but he had to be strong for her. He took hold of her hand. "We'll leave then. Go to the smaller island across the lagoon. We'll start fresh over there." And so they spent the next day packing up their few, precious belongings in the rowboat and prepared to take their leave. It was sunset when they were finally ready. Peeta was just about to heave the boat into the water when Katniss cried out, "Wait!" She hopped out of the boat and tentatively approached Haymitch's body. It didn't feel right, leaving him this way. The man, brash as he was, had been everything to them. And now thanks to her, he was gone. She broke the law and this was the consequence. Knowing that was enough to tear her fragile heart in two. A small patch of wildflowers grew on a grassy bank nearby; she gathered as many as she could fit in her arms. Slowly, methodically, she arranged them around the old sailor's face and body, covering the awful wound in his chest with a bouquet of the prettiest blooms. When she was done, he finally looked at peace. Katniss jumped when Peeta put an arm around her. She hadn't even known he was there, but she melted into his embrace almost instantly. He pressed a kiss to her temple and she tried to keep the tears at bay. "Goodbye, Haymitch," Peeta whispered. Choked by the lump in her throat, Katniss could only nod in agreement. I'm sorry , she thought. The pair turned away from the body, and together they headed off into the bubbling sea to their new home.