same rush of warmth that means Peeta is experiencing his own high. We clutch each other for a long time as we come down together. After a while, I'm finding it difficult to breathe with Peeta's weight bearing down on me so he rolls off and pulls me into his chest. As I lie in his arms, a confusing mixture of emotions comes over me while my brain struggles to comprehend them. I didn't have sex with Peeta tonight. No. Sex is too common a word for what just occurred. I made love with Peeta. And it wasn't just for him either, like I'd told myself in the beginning. Somewhere along the line tonight, it stopped being about hunger and desire and survival and it became about us . I realize that what I feel is love for Peeta. It's not an entirely new or unfamiliar feeling; in this moment I understand that I've loved him for a long time, it just took me until now to recognize it. Peeta is stroking my cheek with a sleepy smile on his face, completely oblivious to my revelation. But then I remember he's known all along that he loves me- this is how he feels about me all the time. I'm overwhelmed with guilt for the way I've treated him up until now and I know that Haymitch is right- I'll never deserve Peeta. I haven't changed my plan for the Arena. If anything, tonight has strengthened my resolve. I will still go into the Games protecting Peeta as fiercely as I can until it's time for me to die. Hopefully, he'll remember this night and go on. He kisses me one last time on the forehead before he closes his eyes and drifts off to sleep. I lay awake for some time after he falls into unconsciousness, reveling in the peaceful rise and fall of his chest. When I'm sure he's deeply ensconced in his dreams (or usually in our case- nightmares) I whisper, " I love you," and I let my exhaustion pull me under. Not for the first time tonight, I'm hit with the sense of Déjà vu as the feelings I've tried to suppress for so long come bubbling to the surface. A tear slips down my face before I can stop it and Peeta wipes it gently away with his thumb. I want to tell him what I've only dared to say when he was asleep before. I love you. But the words won't come. I'm so afraid that this is a dream- that I'll wake up at any minute and Peeta will think I'm a mutt once more. And I can't recover from that. Not again. He pulls me even closer to his muscled, scarred chest. After a while I stop trying to suppress the tears and he holds me as they flow freely. This is the first time since my arrival back in District 12 that I've let my guard down, allowed myself to really feel, and the weight of everything crashes down on me. The Games, the war, the deaths of so many I held dear. I cry and Peeta doesn't try to stop me. He knows I need this and he strokes my hair soothingly as I weep. Almost an hour later when the tears finally subside and my sobs recede into soft hiccups, he kisses my forehead again and gives me a sad smile. My head is surprisingly clear after my fit. I find myself wishing I'd done that a long time ago, because now I can see that my Peeta has been beside me all this time. He still struggles with his flashbacks and shiny memories and venom- induced nightmares, but he's here with me, helping me heal. I tilt my chin up and bring my mouth to his. The kiss is wet and salty from my tears, but it still sends warm tingles all over my body. When we break apart, Peeta gives me a searching look. "You love me. Real or not real?" he asks. I look into those blue eyes and there's only one answer I can give. "Real," I say. And then because I feel that I owe it to him after all this time to say aloud what I've known for over a year, I tell him, "I love you, Peeta." He doesn't need to say it back. I already know how he feels about me. So I draw the blankets tighter around our naked forms, and rest my head upon my designated spot on Peeta's chest, his strong and steady heartbeat pounding against my cheek. I'm lost in the revelation that he fought his way back to me, and I wonder how he can still want me, broken and scarred and disturbed as I am. I'm damaged goods. But then, so is he. Peeta has suffered even more so than myself, and yet my ever- optimistic dandelion in the spring has fought his way back to me, just as he always will. Peeta is the only constant, dependable thing in my life since that fateful reaping day a lifetime ago. I marvel at how far I've traveled tonight- from tolerating Peeta's presence here to depending on it for my survival. Because what I've come to realize is that I can't survive without my dandelion in the spring, my Boy with the Bread. I can't survive without my Peeta. A/N: Ok, I have to admit that I've read plenty of wonderful smut, but this is my first attempt at writing it (never mind two smut scenes in conjunction with one another!) Writing sex is such a personal and intimate thing, and I kind of feel like I'm baring my soul here. I'm a little nervous posting it, but I'm curious to know if it worked for you. Please let me know in the reviews- it's the only way I can gauge if you liked it or not! I'm also on tumblr: ofpearlsandshoelaces . tumblr . com