as though he were a child and talk to him about our story. "Remember the Quell?" I ask him. His eyes don't open but his breathing is better now that I adjusted his position but it's still labored. "Not the part in the Arena but the interviews before that. Everyone wanted the cancel the Games. They didn't want us back in the Arena. All the other Victors were saying whatever they can to convince the Gamemakers to cancel everything and leave us in peace. Remember what you told Caesar?" He coughs as if to answer me. "You told him, and everyone in Panem that I was pregnant." I pause and take a deep breath. My tears drop onto his cheek and I wipe them away with my palm. "I don't know what to say anymore." I cry. Alouette has looked up from Finn's embrace. Hector is peeking over by the side of the bed. "Do you remember that one evening in the Quell? I was on watch and you woke up and told me to get some sleep because we were still putting up the charade that I was pregnant? You remember what you told me when you led me into the tent? You told me that one day, I would be an amazing mother. You told me that, thinking that you'd die in the Quell to keep me alive. You wanted me to have a life after the Arena, a life with children even if they weren't yours. I knew then that I could never have that if I didn't have you. Look at us now with this family. Two beautiful and intelligent children. You've given this to me, Peeta. You made me a mother." Peeta starts to cough again and I pull him closer to me. "You're leaving now." I cry, "It's okay. You don't have to worry about me anymore. If your scared, we're all here with you. You say hi to Prim for me alright? Tell your parents and your brothers about their grandchildren and their nephew and their niece. Tell Finnick about his son, tell him that Annie is well and that she's happy. Tell Boggs that I got the long life that he promised me. Share a drink with Haymitch. Tell everyone of how their death meant something, just as much as your death means something now." I stop because I need to cry to get some air into my lungs. I sob and I rest my face on the top of his head. Smell the familiar scent of his hair and feel his soft curls against my damp cheeks. "I will always love you." I whisper in between sobs over and over again until his laboured breathing stops. We burried him under a cloudy sky. We were huddled under black umbrellas because there was a sweeping rain too. Alouette hasn't stopped crying. Mom is standing next to me, as still as a statue. I look over at the sea of people gathered before us. How they all flew in form every corner of the country to grieve the death of my Dad. A few steps from us is a large marble stone that encases my father's body. Inside, my father lies there, decomposing into nothing. He's wearing a suit and tie, looking more radiant than he had every been since the last three years. I try not to think about how dark it is in there. It makes me feel claustrophobic and when I feel that way, all I want to do is run to a place with a lot of space. It's crowded here today. From the corner of my eye, I notice someone join our small group of immediate family. I look over to my right and see Susie. She looks thin and tired in her black dress. She's been crying. So have I. I wave her over because I fear that the moment I pry my arm away from my mother, she will crumble into a million pieces. Susie walks over to me and kisses me gently on the cheek. I feel stronger now that she's by my side. The ceremony begins and I watch as they begin to lower the marble into the ground. No one from the immense crowd speaks. Little by little the soil that they shovel into the hole covers the marble that encases my father. I look away into the distance, and spot and flicker of golden hair in the crowd. I try to convince myself that that is my Dad, instead of thinking about his dead body being trapped inside that box for eternity. Beside me, my mother begins to move. She slips her arm out from mine and I catch her hand before she starts running. The rain sweeps over her and I pull her back under the umbrella. "I can't stay here." She looks back at me, rivulets of rain water and tears running down her face. "Look over there." I say, nodding toward the direction of the blond hair in the crowd. "You see that." "Yes." She squints her eyes, wiping her cheeks with the back of her mittens. "It looks like—" "Dad." I smile. "Focus on that." I tell her as I look back at the person with gold hair, kilometres away from us. "Don't look at the marble." Susie's hands grip tighter around mine and I pull her in closer to me. I steal my eyes away from the blond hair and look over to her. Her eyes are planted on the soil being shovelled into the hole. I can see the sadness in her eyes, the heaviness of what she must be feeling. From the corner of her eye, she notices me and meets my eyes. She looks at me and she doesn't even have to say anything but I know she's asking me if I'm coping. I nod and give her a half smile. Before she looks away I ask her. "Susie, will you be my wife?"