"No, it's okay, you couldn't have known. These past few weeks… Delly and I have been going to marital counseling. That's why I've been having you come over to babysit, but there's just no fixing us. She moved out tonight." Oh . Everything fell into place at once. The arugment, the basement, the strange noises from the upper level… Peeta had asked her to keep Rye out of the way so he wouldn't see his mother packing her bags and leaving. And Peeta, being the person that he was, helped her do it. Sympathy rushed through her in a powerful wave. Anyone who could abandon such a man was a downright fool, there was no denying that fact. Before Katniss could say anything else, Peeta spoke again. "I loved her so much," he said, more to himself than to her. He pinched the bridge of his nose between his thumb and forefinger. "She used to be so vivacious and beautiful. She was the friendliest person I knew. She never had a bad thing to say about anyone, ever. But after Rye came along, she was just… different. She wouldn't hold him; she'd barely touch him. There were days I couldn't get her out of bed at all. She changed." He looked up again, almost surprised to see Katniss still sitting there. "I'm sorry," he said quickly. "That's not really appropriate to say. I shouldn't be bothering you with this." But what he described was so achingly familiar to Katniss that she reached out automatically to hold his hand over the console. "My mother," she began, "After my dad died, she didn't want anything to do with me or my sister. It was weeks before we could even get her out of bed to shower. She went back to work eventually, but she's never been the same since." He squeezed her hand and electricity shot up her arm. "You're so strong, Katniss," he whispered. "Don't think I don't know that about you. You're always working so hard and the way you talk about your sister… she's lucky to have you." Katniss blushed at the unexpected compliment, but something in his eyes held her in place. Suddenly, the heated seat beneath her felt too warm. The air in the car was stifling, and yet there wasn't a place in the world that she would rather be. "I wish I had your strength." Katniss wasn't aware that they were leaning toward each other until their faces were mere inches apart across the console. Peeta's eyes flicked to her lips, then back to her dilated pupils. "I'm not strong." Her voice cracked. "I'm not anything." She was a girl from the poor part of town, scraping her way through high school in the mere hope that she could lead a halfway decent life one day. But in the end, she had no prospects. Nothing worth having or desiring. Peeta was shaking his head. "I don't think you understand the effect you can have." The words stymied her reproach. He was leaning closer to her; she was drawn to him like scrap metal to a magnet. It was impossible to resist the pull. Her eyes flickered closed a second before his lips ghosted over hers. He was exceedingly gentle with her, testing her the waters before going further. When she did not draw away from him, he deepened the kiss. His hand threaded through her hair, tugging gently at the roots. His tongue traced along the seam of her lips, and she gladly allowed him entrance. He laved his tongue over hers, coaxing it into the heat of his mouth. The flavor of him was like nothing she had ever tasted before. It was sweet and manly and entirely intoxicating. His scent filled her senses, surrounding her and engulfing her in his musky warmth. Her body thrummed with energy, stemming from the point where Peeta's lips were melded to hers. The console of the car was digging into her stomach from leaning so far over, but she didn't care. The kiss felt so good that it overwhelmed her mind. Everything else was just background noise. He pulled her bottom lip between his to nibble softly on it. An involuntary moan curled up through her throat. None of the high school boys she had ever dated kissed like this. Because they were just that- boys. Peeta Mellark was a man. And he kissed like one. He broke apart from her with a soft smacking sound. "I'm sorry," he whispered, and her eyes flew open to see his flushed face watching her closely. "I shouldn't have done that." The truth of the situation hit her like a freight train. Impending divorce or not, he was still married. And he had a son. And he was much older than her. He was right. They shouldn't be doing do this. "I should go." The frigid winter air stung her flushed cheeks as she stumbled out of the car. She didn't look back at his face, but he stayed in the driveway while she fumbled with her house key and didn't he drive away until she was safely inside. She slumped against the front door, thoroughly perplexed. Peeta Mellark just kissed her. And no matter how many times she told herself it was wrong, it didn't matter. It had felt good . Her phone buzzed in her hand, displaying a text from him. I'll understand if you don't want to come over next week . The words sent a pang of regret to her stomach. He was giving her an out. But she wasn't going to take it. I'll be there . She texted back. As she lay in bed that night, it was the thought of Peeta Mellark and his sugar- sweet lips that brought her to a trembling, blissful climax under her own fingers. She wished more than anything that it was his touch to bring her pleasure. To be continued… Find me on tumblr as everlarkstoastbabies. xoxo