knows gets a brief," he instructed me before turning for the front door and halting abruptly. He walked over to me with a smirk on his face "I almost forgot." I stiffened as he bent down and kissed my hand. "Echantée, Miss Vivica." A chill went down my spine and I knew, this man, who's as beautiful as lightning, is also as deadly. 3 Days Later I hadn't slept in three days and my rump was still planted on the silk striped couch in the parlor. Any of my party friends in the Capitol would have called it quits by now, but the risks of quitting were now like red lights blinking in my eyes or more realistically, blinking at my throat. I continued to make sure every tribute that had been selected had their information down perfectly, just like I promised. My quest to search for the fine details about each tribute was getting to the point that I could describe each tribute and their mother, which is ironic since I can't describe my own mother anymore. At least not this week; she'd gotten into the new cat eyes trend that'd been spreading around. Oh golly, I'm getting distracted. Maybe a break would be useful; after all, I can't do my best work when my mind keeps wandering. I stood up and the fuzzy feeling of pins and needles spread through me as I walked to the Aquarium room. I was so proud of that room, from the walls of water to the purple scaled arm chair. It was my own trend starting design that got me known around the Capital. As soon as I opened the submarine door, I made a beeline to the wine cooler. My only thought was getting a sip and poured a good full glass. My haunting thoughts of the past few days were coming back to me. Suddenly out of the blue a light knock echoed through my home. My wine glass slipped from my hand. The mere thought of him sent a bolt of fear down my spine. And the simple fear of him finding out I wasn't finished sent a bolt of adrenaline to my feet. I shuffled to the door in my platform high-high heels and stopped at the entrance. After quickly combing through my hair with my silky satin gloved hands, I opened the door with a synthetic smile. "Why, look at you, you're a doll!" Caesar gushes and my heart skips a beat in relief that my teetering life was still in balance. A genuine blush comes to my face and I beam in happiness to see my co-worker. "Why Caesar, shouldn't you be working with Brisson on the dialogue you'll be doing for The Reapings?" He laughed, rather over the top if you asked me, and swatted the air "Oh those things? I just wing it. May I come in?" "Of course," I answer politely and lead him to the parlor where the profiles of the selected tributes were. I noticed that he'd already undergone dying his hair gold for this year's Interviews. Caesar noticed me admiring his coiffeur and was delighted that I took notice. "Isn't it lovely? I had this year be gold like the wedding rings the winners will receive." "It's too die for," I flattered and like passively giggle "I hope this doesn't spark a competition between us, but I'm going to dye my locks gold and the irises of my eyes," I brag to him. "Oh just shut up before I go pigment my skin too!" he jokes, getting the corners of my mouth to lift once again this morning. "I came here to see how our tributes are this year, after all we're going to allow 2 tributes to live this year," he informs me while checking his gold plated watch. "I hate to be rude, but I have to get to an appointment to get the cat eyes procedure and, thanks to you, also to ask for the gold irises, in the next 3 minutes." I bent down and gathered the papers in an efficient fashion and was about to hand them off to Caesar, before noticing his hands were full. After returning to standing, I relooked at the white envelope and the room felt 20 degrees hotter. We exchanged items and I took the white envelope from his large wrinkly hands. It was fragrant with the smell of men's cologne. A cologne that's distinct and unforgettable when paired with the powerful man who wore it. This letter was from President Roman. "I hate to play messenger dear, but I have to scurry," Caesar apologized to me from over his shoulder "But I got to dash, doll!" Once the sound of the front door shutting echoed through the dorm I opened the letter and fell to my knees. My Dear Miss Delores Vivica, I'm sorry to have put you on the spot yesterday by coming to your fashionable loft, but I was backed into a corner of worry not knowing whose hands I put this job into. You are a truly capable person, with an intelligent enough mind to know when she must get the job done and I'm certain you will do splendidly. After all, you promised perfection. With Love, Your President, Quentin Roman. If I could have dropped my wine glass again, I would have. My head felt dizzy and the pins and needles sensation returned to my body. After all, I promised perfection. So the Quarter Quell twist is that two tributes (one boy, and one girl) will win the Hunger Games and marry to show that the Capital brings unity to the 12 Districts. The form is on my profile as well as my rules. All tributes must be submited via PM or I'll refuse to even consider them. So, I'm Julyette, it's nice to meet you, please review, and... Welcome to my 4th Quarter Quell and may the odds be ever in your favor, darling.