can I come in?" She can hear the sarcasm in his voice and she responds in kind. "I suppose." She doesn't look at him as he walks across the room to her, she doesn't pay him any attention when he sits down beside her and pulls his knees up, almost mirroring hers, and resting his arms on top. He wastes no time in getting to the point. "How far along Jo?" "I don't know. Ten weeks, give or take." He doesn't say anything for a second or two, processing how pregnant she is. He doesn't turn to her when he speaks again. "Why'd you run Jo?" "I didn't know what I wanted...what I wanted to do." The words she chose aren't lost on him. She knows he feels the full weight of her meaning. "You were going to...without telling me?" But he's not angry. She turns and looks at him, and he meets her eyes with his. She can see the hurt in them. "Yeah. No. Fuck I don't know Gale. I'm not cut out for this." "For what? For a baby? For us?" "I don't know, yes, no." That's when the tears that she's been fighting to hold back cascade down her cheeks. He pulls her over to him, sits her in between his own legs and holds her, just holds her. Lets her cry out every last tear she's ever needed to get out, on the floor, in Mellark's bedroom of all the fucking places. When she calms, he lifts her face, wiping her tears away with his thumbs. They sit like that in silence for another hour, the way they do in the bath, her between his legs, her back leaning against his chest. He has one hand against the top of her left thigh, the other entwined in hers, only this time, it's not dangling beside her in the shallow bath water, it's resting on the barely there bump under her top. "So, are we going to do this thing?" He sounds hopeful, and she knows he's waiting for her to tell him no. To bring his world crashing down around him. And she realises that she hasn't had any intention of doing anything other than keeping this baby since she spoke to Peeta on the porch yesterday, since he told her it might look like it's father. "I guess we are." And despite the tenderness of the moment, their lips crash together and somehow, they move to the bed and before they know it they're naked and he's inside her and she's calling his name into his shoulder. An hour later, when they walk down the stairs hand in hand, she wonders how everyone will react. After all, they're family. And more than that, his Mom and little sister are there. His actual family, and by extension, hers. But she needn't have worried, because as soon as they step into the dining room where everyone is gathered back round the table, empty pudding dishes pushed away and a half eaten wedding cake in the centre of the table, Haymitch looks up and as only he can, he speaks. "Well, that was unexpected. Congratulations, Hawthorne." Johanna wonders if she's the only person that sees Haymitch and Hazelle holding hands beneath the table as the rest go back to the conversations that stalled when they walked in the room. She takes a seat beside Peeta and he leans over and whispers in her ear. "He's a good guy." She smiles and looks at Gale, who's got his little sister sitting on his knee and telling him excitedly how she's going to love the baby so much, and she knows Peeta's right. She might not have planned this, but it's happened, and Gale will be a good father. Six months later Johanna is kneeling on their bed, naked except for a grey marl tank top. Her shouts can be heard by most of district 7. There was only one medical person she'd allow anywhere near her, and so Katherine Everdeen sits in the corner of the room, choosing not to get too close until it's absolutely necessary, letting Gale hold onto the labouring woman. She knows she's hurting him, but the pain is searing through her, crashing in waves against her, but she's determined that pain relief isn't going near her. She didn't fight morphling addiction to have it all go wrong now, just when someone was about to be dependant on her. Eventually, she feels the need to push, and after half an hour she finally feels her baby enter the world. She's exhausted but demands that the baby be handed to her instantly. She doesn't see the way way Gale looks at her in awe as she nestles the tiny, bloody baby between her breasts. She does however let him discover the sex of their baby. And when he tells her through his watery smile that it's a boy, she knows she should never have run from him. Together, they have fixed one another. Hi! This is my first HG ff, so please be gentle! Gale & Johanna seem like a good match to me, so after re-reading the books, i figured why not? I'm Scottish, but I've tried to keep American expressions - therefore what we call trousers, you guys call pants (pants here are undercrackers/knickers/boxers/briefs/panties etc.), and we tend to say bedside table/unit/drawers and I'm fairly sure you guys call them nightstands. If I've missed anything out, just shout and I'll have a scootchy and change it! I have made a start on a longer gale/Jo fic, but whether I finish it or not remains to be seen - especially as I have several (and then some) unfinished works hanging around my hard drive! As always, reviews are very much appreciated, as long as there's no burning flames! Disclaimer: These characters and anything else you recognise from the Hunger Games trilogy, do not belong to me and are the intellectual property of Suzanne Collins.