she didn't let me have it out with Thom. "You didn't have to do that, Jo," I whine. "Believe me," she answers, tapping on the shiny wood surface of the bar to catch the bartender's attention and motioning for two drinks. "I wasn't saving you from him, I was saving you from yourself." I scoff. How ridiculous. I'd merely had the fleeting thought of finding myself back in bed with Thom. It wasn't like I was stripping in the hallway. "You're too fucking nice, Katniss," she states matter-of-factly, in that way that makes you wonder if maybe Johanna can't read your mind a little. I roll my eyes and take the proffered drink. But Johanna always seems to know everything about everyone so I can't help myself. "By the way, did he bring a date?" She takes a long sip of her drink. "I see you did." Following her gaze, I can see Peeta standing with Aunt Effie and a group of her friends. He must be charming the pants off of every single one of them. I've never seen so many older women fawning over a man my age before. I shrug. "He's… nice. So about Thom…" "Brainless." She smacks my head lightly. "Why waste one more millisecond of your life on that douche-lord when Mr. Tie Me Up, Tie Me Down is waiting for you across the room?" She practically licks her lips as she stares Peeta down. Then, because I suppose part of being a male escort is always knowing when to turn on the charm, he turns around and winks at me. "Oh, Christ," Johanna moans. "I think I just came." I snort into my glass as Delly waltzes up beside us. She's never been a huge drinker, but I can tell that the stress of this massive event is starting to wear on her. Her blue eyes are round and glassy and she stumbles a little as she hugs Johanna and me. "You know what I love about all this?" Delly slurs. "There's finally a reason for the world to revolve around you?" I say under my breath. But Delly just throws back her head and giggles. "Exactly." Then she wraps her arms around my shoulders and pulls me in tight. "I'm so glad you're here, Katniss. I've missed you so much. By the way… What is your new hunky-dunky doing with your ex-fiancé?" Lazily, she points a finger in Peeta's direction and I see that she's right. My aunt and her friends have dissipated and Peeta is nursing a drink and talking quietly with Thom. Johanna nods to me, indicating that I should take care of the situation before it escalates. She puts an arm around Delly, gently guiding her over to where Gale sits, surrounded by a few of his fraternity brothers. Obviously I don't catch all of their conversation, but I hear enough to make me curious. Thom seems to be talking about someone that he's crazy about—in love with even—but she's here with another man. My stomach flutters involuntarily. I hadn't planned on rekindling my relationship with Thom over this weekend, but I suppose nothing's out of the question. I mean, there has to be a reason that the box full of mementos has been so important to me over the last few years? The ring still fits… "There you are!" Peeta calls to me and extends an arm. "How are you?" I press myself flush to his chest, immediately remembering the true reason of his presence here. Even if Thom is realizing what a colossal mistake he made by breaking off our engagement, I might as well have some fun with him before I declare all wounds healed. "Perfect. I'm all ginny." "Hi, Katniss," Thom says brightly. "Hi." "Oh, hi," I reply. And then, just for good measure, I kiss Peeta full on the mouth. It's probably a little more openly than I would normally, but the combination of liquor and exhaustion fuels my impulse and I want to see Thom uncomfortable, just for one minute of his life. "Peeta, I see you've met my ex." Peeta's eyes widen in recognition and he nods. "I was just telling him how we met." "Yes!" I force a laugh, but mentally I'm kicking myself. I thought of everything else? Why didn't I think that anyone would ask how Peeta and I met? "The Knicks game?" Peeta implores me, his expression telling me to just trust him. "Oh, right!" Thom's brow furrows. "You hate sports…" "I hate baseball," I clarify, referencing one of our last dates, a dismal game at SafeCo Field, where it rained through all nine innings and I developed a nasty case of bronchitis from staying out in the cold, wet air. Ever since then, baseball's come with bad memories. "Well…" Thom flounders, wringing his hands. "I guess I should… go." And he does, leaving me pressed into Peeta's chest, snug, safe and warm. It takes me a moment to realize that it's okay to disengage myself from him and even longer for me to actually do it. "He looks miserable," I say, just needing a way to steer the conversation toward something other than the proximity of Peeta's body to mine. "What were you talking about anyway?" Peeta shrugs. "Mostly nothing. He's just a little drunk… But I think he's still crazy about you." I shove him playfully as if to say that the last thing I care about is whether Thom still has feelings for me. I'd be a fool to say that I would decline if he asked me for coffee or dinner one night. I hate myself for thinking that, for even entertaining the possibility, and maybe even hoping for it. Mostly, I hate the way Peeta looks at me with those bright blue eyes and sees right through me. Thank you so much for reading! Hopefully the next update will come soon. Please feel free to message me here or at my Tumblr page (meggie-mellark)!