going after Eliza when Pash grabbed my arm and whispers in my ear. "it's way too late to save that girl let her go. If she needs a father let Haymitch be it you can't help her. no one can." I back away and she was still looking at me as if again if looks could I would be dead. I turn back around and head out. Chapter 6 The wanna be I found Haymitch sitting on a curb talking to Eliza. When I walk up She stopped talking mid sentence and they both looked at me. "Everyone hates me?" I ask "No but Pash is no good." Haymitch said. "Why do you say that." "I've seen her before she is extremely jealous of Eliza. She never looked like her. Until she saw her she use to stalk her." I look over at Eliza who was drawing in the dirt. "she is so snooty." She said looking at the ground. "do you hate me?" "no I hate the fact that ever since mother died you don't have good taste in women." Haymitch chuckled and said. "he never did have good taste n women." Eliza stared at him. He glared back and took a drink. "not what I mean I mean the girls who have intuition and intention they don't exploit themselves there loveable, like Katniss." "EW! God no not Crapness you said all those things that are not Crapness." She sighed "I don't want a mother I feel I don't need one I just want what's best for the ones I love." me and Haymitch stare at her. "And we want what's best for you too." She stood up. "Where are you going?" I asked her. "to bed." "But it's only noon." "I had enough for one day." "Why can't I make you happy?" I ask her. "You can, you do, you just don't keep me happy, no one can." Then she walked off with her head down." "I'm not giving you advice." Haymitch said. "Didn't ask for any." "You normally come to me expecting some." "Not really you kind of need it." "Well if I need it why aren't I getting any." "Because I'm not a Advice machine." I stare at him. "If you really want my advice stay away from Pash she is no good, and get a haircut." He takes a drink and gets up and walks away. I just sat there. I don't need a hair cut how dare he say that. He has longer hair then me and he says I need one. He needs a haircut. And I don't know about Pash she does have this thing out for Eliza. I'll see what she says. So I get up and head back to Peeta's house. There was a Commotion, yelling, then Peeta open the door Yelling "Out! Out!" then a Awestricken Effie walked out along with Pash. "Pash." I need to talk to you. She nodded and started to walk towards me. "I've heard through the grapevine that your jealous of Eliza." She stared at me and laughed. Then Effie walked over. "What is ever so funny." "Nothing Effie." I said "He thinks I'm jealous of Eliza." Effie laughed. "Funny thought Finnick." She said "Why did Peeta kick you out?" "Because of Eliza." I stared at them. "What about her." "He is in denial." Pash said and pats my shoulder and walks away. Effie follows. In Denial about what. I thought to myself. So I head to Peeta door and knocked on it. "Yea!" he said kind of pissed. "What's going on." He looked at me. "Eliza's my best friend I don't believe any of that crap she's not that hurt." I look at him. "Not believing what." He just shook his head. "What do you want Finnick." "I was wondering what you're in denial about." "It's not denial I'm just not stupid so I know what the truth is." I stare at him. "you and Eliza have a great Father Daughter relationship everyone should know that, there complete idiots Eliza is too Precious to be hurt like that ugh she needs to go." "Ok, bye Peeta thanks." He glares at me. "Good bye Finnick." He said and closes the door. As I'm walking away Peeta yells after me. "Hey! Make sure she stays strong ok?" I turn around and nod a him. I walk all the way home and when I enter the door I find Pash sitting on the coach talk to Eliza. Eliza's Knees where pressed up against her chest. I cleared my throat and whatever Pash was saying stopped in mid-sentence. "oh hello dear, I'm just giving Eliza womanly advice. She could use some." Eliza put her legs down and sniffled and straightens out her bright yellow velvet dress. And walked with a frequent pace up stairs. I sigh. "What did you tell her that made her cry." "She was crying when I got here." "really." She nodded." "I was just telling her that you love her and would do anything o make you happy." "I don't think she likes the idea of me and you together." She looked at me and blinked. "Are you breaking up with me?" "No, no I'm not I'm just saying I don't think she likes the idea of." I pointed to me and her. "us." She blinked again and stood up. "Oh, I'm sorry if I created a disturbance in your perfect family." I wrap my arms around her. she sniffled. "No you're not." "I wish I had my family they were killed when Distract 13 was bombed." She cried into my shoulders." How could any of the things Haymitch said be true. That was when I heard I it was a loud thump outside. Then I hear a man scream. I open my door to see Peeta and Haymitch staring at something at the bottom of the steps. Then I see Eliza's Body just lying there and a pool of blood surrounding her.