not like that okay?! I volunteered for those kids! That poor lady was going to lose them both, what was I supposed to do?! Just stand there and let them die?!" By now Lennox and I are shouting while the rest of our family watches dejectedly. "Yes! Sometimes life isn't fair and things just happen June! In case you forgot, you're just a kid too! You don't magically turn into an adult at sixteen! It's not your job to try and fix every little thing! You're an idiot for thinking you can and now you're going to die because of your stupidity." "Yeah well thanks for the vote of confidence, nice to know my family is looking out for me! Oh wait-" "Please stop this…" I whip around to face our mother, I'm shaking like a leaf. He just makes me so mad! I'm well aware of how irrational this whole thing is, but I had to do something. I don't regret volunteering. I take a deep breath and slowly exhale through my nose. This certainly isn't how I expected this to go. Lennox stomps out of the room and slams the door loudly behind him. Gedeon smiles sadly before going after him. "I'm sorry mom." I apologize softly. She sighs. "We love you sweetie and I know you're brother didn't mean to raise his voice, we're just scared for you." "I shouldn't have yelled either." She wraps her arms around me and we hug for a long time. There's nothing more comforting than a mother's hug. She's taking this surprisingly well, I know she'd been crying this morning but now her eyes are dry as can be. I need to follow her example, I don't want to look like a crybaby on national television. I refuse to let anyone look down on me. I won't be an easy target. My father rests a hand on my shoulder and gives it a firm squeeze. "I'm not happy about this situation but you did a good thing and...well I'm proud of you kiddo." "Dad stop or you're going to make me cry." He flushes in embarrassment. "Er sorry." "Promise you'll be smart in there June." "I promise." A Peacekeeper barges in and I start to panic. I'm not ready for them to leave. I need more time, just five more minutes. My parents are ushered out and I'm left alone again, but the solitude doesn't last long. Just as the door shuts behind my parents, Fern is shoving her way in and she immediately throws herself at me. I can always count on her to be dramatic. "I can't believe this is happening, you're going to the Hunger Games." she says. "You're not here to yell at me are you?" Fern frowns. "What? No of course not." "Lennox and I kind of got into it." "Oh I'm sorry." "It's okay," I shrug, "I know he's just looking out for me but he doesn't have to be such an ass about it." "You're his little sister, of course he's going to freak out," she takes my hands into hers and drops something small into my sweaty palms, "but I'm not here to talk about your brother." A sparkling green barrette shaped like a leaf shines back at me. I gasp. "Oh Fern I can't take this, it's your favorite." "Shut up and just take it before I change my mind, I want you to wear it in the arena. You should have something to remind you of home." She takes the barrette and carefully pins it in my hair. "And besides it looks much nicer on you anyway." Time has escaped me and before I know it a Peacekeeper arrives to retrieve my best friend. I wave sadly as the Peacekeeper takes her by the arm and pulls her out. "I'll tell you all the hot gossip when you come back to us! Bye June!" she cries as the door shuts in her face. My next guest takes my breath away. The weeping mother from outside stares back at me, her face wet with fresh tears. Discomfort settles into my every pore and I have to avert my eyes, it feels like her weary gaze is cutting me into a million pieces and I hate it. "I have no right to ask this," she starts, "you've-you've already done so much for my family, you spared my little girl... but please I beg of you, please look after my boy." I cup my elbows and tuck them into stomach, I need to do something, anything, to hide my uneasiness. "I'll try…" I say barely over a whisper. That seems to be enough for her because she gives a quick nod and flees the room. I'm left alone again to my thoughts. No other guests come to visit me. I lie on the plush velvet couch and count the floral tiles on the ceiling until a Peacekeeper returns for what seems like the hundredth time to retrieve me. The ride from the Justice Building to the train station is a short one. Falcon and I don't say a word while Clement chatters on about Capitol feasts and how much we'll adore the fashion. It isn't until we're standing on the platform of the train station with hoards of cameras flashing in our faces that the nausea strikes. It takes everything to not throw up all over my dress. The reality of the situation hits me like a sledgehammer to the skull. I'm about to leave District 7. I'm going to the Hunger Games. No, I volunteered for the Hunger Games like a crazy person. And now I am probably going to die. So what do you think? Good? Bad? Something inbetween? Let me know! I did my best to edit this but if there is a super embarrassing grammar error, definitely let me know and I will fix it. The second chapter is already in the works so I will see you all soon!