was going full force. She'd actually made herself watch the entire thing on her second night, but blushed furiously when Peeta took the stage in that gray sweat suit, remembering the way he felt pressed against the inside of her thigh and how wet she'd been when she finally gotten home and relieved the ache that consumed her very core that night. She looked all over for Peeta when she was ready to leave and finally found him in his dressing room in the back. He was on the phone, speaking quietly and gesturing wildly with his hands. Katniss barely stuck her head in and pointed out to her car. "Lock up?" she mouthed and when he nodded, she turned and headed to the parking lot. After climbing into her car and trying desperately for ten minutes, Katniss concluded that her engine definitely would not turn over. She turned her key one more time hoping that by some miracle, her car would be fixed. But it just clicked and clicked and she finally admitted defeat. She took out her cell phone to call for a cab when Peeta rapped softly on her window. She rolled down the window. "It's dead." "I can hear that." He leaned into the doorframe. "Can I give you a ride?" "Oh, no." She shook her head furiously. "No, I couldn't impose on you like that." "Come on. It's really late. Just let me drive you home and you can come back and get it towed tomorrow." He shifted the duffle bag on his shoulder and jerked his head toward his truck. "Please? You'll make me nervous unless I know you get home all right." She pursed her lips together tightly, considering her options. It was awfully late. And Peeta was trustworthy. If she could get into a cab with a complete stranger, why was she hesitating being alone with the star of a few of her more erotic dreams lately? She nodded in acquiescence and collected her purse from the passenger seat before following him to his black truck. The drive was silent for a while, she merely telling him the direction in which to head, but then he turned to her. "How do you like it so far?" Simple enough. She fiddled with the end of her braid. "It's fine, I guess. Different from any other job I've ever had." He chuckled. "Yeah, I can definitely relate to that one." Katniss took in a deep breath. "Can I ask you something?" He nodded. "Why do you do it?" Peeta sighed and tousled his hair as he pulled up to a stop sign. "Honestly?" He reached into his duffle bag that rested in the center of the bench seat. He took his wallet out and handed her a faded picture. "That's me." He pointed to the smallest of three boys standing in front of a brick building with a sign that proclaimed that Mellark's Bakery was officially reopened for business. "My parents owned a bakery when I was growing up. But my dad died right after I graduated from high school and then my mom not long after. My brothers inherited it but they never cared like I did. It's just sitting there empty and sad now. And I hate that. My father never would have stood for it. He might not be proud of the way I'm earning the money to buy back the bakery, but I'll do what I have to do. And this is the easiest way. I'm good at it. I enjoy it." He shrugged. "So that's why." Katniss studied the picture by the orange glow of the streetlights as they drove through the dark streets. Other than for height and the obvious changes that occurred with aging, Peeta looked relatively the same. His blond hair still curled uncontrollably and his eyes were still that perfect cerulean blue. She smiled and tucked the picture back into his wallet. "That's so sweet." "What about you? I mean, I just bared my soul to you and I don't even know your favorite color." She laughed. "Fair enough. I'm in school studying to be a botanist. I'm focusing my research on endangered plant species. I want to save them before they're gone forever." "Oh, so you're a hippie!" "Hardly." She pointed to the curb in front of her house. "Oh, this is me." He steered the truck over to the side of the road and shifted into park. He turned to her. "Well." She cleared her throat. "Thanks for the ride home." Katniss moved to open the door, but stopped when she heard him say her name. He was inches away from her when she turned back around. Her breath hitched in her throat at the nearness of him and she licked her lips unconsciously, desperately wanting to taste his mouth as it worked against hers. He stroked her cheek. She anchored her hands on his neck and tilted her head toward his. On her cue, Peeta captured her lips with his greedily and drank her in. His tongue moved rapidly against hers and she moaned and relaxed into him when his hands trailed over her waist and down to the hem of her shirt. She pulled gently at the short fine hairs at the base of his neck and goose bumps arose on her skin as he dipped his tongue into the hollow just behind her earlobe. "Oh, god, Katniss," he breathed into her neck. "I want you so damn bad." She pulled away from him and looked directly into those deep blue eyes she'd so quickly grown accustomed to seeing. "Fuck me." And for the first time in weeks, she meant it in its truest sense. "Oh, and for the record," she gasped as he nipped at the delicate skin of her throat, "my favorite color is green." Thanks for reading! I'm on Tumblr as meggiemellark if you wanna come say hi or ask any questions. I'm really nice, I promise! :)