to the roof. And there I see her standing in a tight purple dress looking over the edge she. Spun around when she saw me. "jump. Go on jump I know you're the one who wants to ruin my life go on jump." "I'm sorry I'm not a freak like you." I blinked in shock at her. "I'm no freak, why did you kill them." "to torture you of course you ruined my life so I'm going to ruin yours." "go ahead and try..I'll still be here." She stared at me and smiled a smirk sly then said. "when you have nothing left you will do two things kill yourself or come and find me. And then I will kill you." "You're the freak bozo." I said. She frowned at me. Then turned around. I look up at the sky. "Mommy daddy please help me find the strength to survive." I said a rain drop him my cheek. I walked back home with my head held high but tears mixing in with the rain. Chapter six. The 30 minutes After the train ride I walked friskily back to Katniss's house. Where prim was crying. I ran up to her. "Prim what's the matter." Then Katniss Cinna and Peeta al ran in. "Prim stay away room her she is dangerous." Katniss said. She moved Prim from me to her arms. "What's going on." I said "I want you out of this house I want you out of Panem go just go!" Katniss yelled at me. "What why." "Like you have no idea." Peeta said. "Don't." I said "I didn't want to believe the rumors but it looks like I have no choice." Peeta continued. "What I was only gone for 30 minutes to talk to Pash I know she did all of this." There was a huge silent's. 'but if you where talking to her that means she didn't kill everyone." Katniss said. "only Haymitch and my dad re dead not everyone." Cinna shook his head. "No, Eliza everyone is dead." Look at him. "Everyone in Panem." Katniss shook her head. "Just every one we know." I shake my head and go outside I just notice that everywhere has been avoided since the Russian attack. Everywhere but the capitol. Then it hit me I knew who. Then there was a hand on my shoulder and everyone from inside came out side. "no!" Katniss screamed. "take a step she dies." The voice sounded familiar. There was a loud bang and then Prim fell forward. And lied down in a pool of blood." "Prim!" Katniss screamed. "I've been trying to get this Rebellion for years. Now its time to pay we need to go back to the way things where. Then there was a bright light. After what seemed lke an eternity I opened my eyes. 'm alive again. This time wanted to be alive. I look around me and all I see are dead people. Everyone was dead. Until I see movement. It looked like Katniss "thank the heaven's your ok." I said. There was a groan. An I look over Cinna was dusting himself off and Peeta was just sitting up. "are you guys all ok?" there where mumbles of what I assume where yeses. Peeta holds me in his arms. Then there was an announcer saying welcome to the Annual 76th hunger games! Katniss yells something I did not understand. Then the announcer said. "this year there are only three tributes." I was taken from the rest of the group into a room where I was showered down. I never wanted to be in on of theses "games" as they call it I've seen what it does to people. Makes them…not themselves. When they where done papering they fit me in a suit that was black but had lines of purple ohm the sleeves going up and down. I sigh and when I open my eyes. I was on a pedestal. I have to kill the ones love. I needed answers now I overheard that they took away Katniss's authority so she was no longer president. There was this count down and my heart started to pound. He had killed the ones I love. I Was told he even found Pash and killed her. When the countdown got to one then there was a gong everyone just stood there. Then Peeta grabs a gun and shoots himself I her Katniss screamed and ran over to Peeta and held him n her arms. After awhile of her screaming. She slowly and shakily picked up the gun and then bam. She was out. I didn't watch her commit suicide like I did with Peeta but I hears a thump. I assume that was Cinna. The next thing I knew I was being escorted out of there by a hovercraft. I never wanted to be this way. Bt I have answers and they are that only thing I can do is move on. I look around and see a clock it's been 30 minutes since I found out everyone I loved was dead, They said they would die for me and they did Mama papa forgive me Out of sight, out of life, out of time to decide Can I run, can I hide, for the rest of my life Can I fly, do I stay, I could lose, I could fail And the moment it takes, to make plans, or mistakes The sun sets, in the sky, and its shaped like your eyes Hide the shame ,feeling like, casting shame, why me Can I fly, do I stay, I could lose, I could fail Either way options change, chances fail, dreams do too 30 minutes to make up my mind 30 minutes to alter my life 30 minutes to save our lives 30 minutes to finally decide 30 minutes whisper your name 30minutes to shoulder the blame 30 minutes of bliss 30 lies 30 minutes to finally decide To decide The End