She rolled her eyes. "What is it?" I sneezed, and then everything went black. In the morning, I woke up in a chair. Then my head started to hurt. I got up and head into the bathroom and I throw up five times. Then it went black again. When I woke up again, I saw people I couldn't make out who but I felt like utter crap. "are you ok?" a voice said. I nod. "Good." Then arms where around me. When everything became clearer I saw Katniss Peeta and Finnick there just staring at me. I sat up. "tell me what were you doing with a gun last night." Then I remember last night. The gun, Haymitch, the booze. I haven't drank in years before last night. "there are guns under your bed." I said. "In a safe under your beds." I said and shook my head so everything could come into focus. I saw what I think was Peeta reaching under his bed and putting in his code, opening up his safe and taking out his gun. I stood up finding my center and walked to the window. The view was amazing. It over looked a beach with white sand and turquoise water. Then I said "keep them I have a feeling we are going to need them." It took months for which I was assuming the leader to his make up mind I ended up having my child. She was pink and blue eyed and had bronze color hair just like her daddy I named her. Eliza. Eliza Reffile Odiar. My baby was crying when the leader dude came back and said. "People of Panem. we have come to a decision. We will allow helping you to fight this capitol of yours. And in return we would like you to bring down you gates." "that's part of the capitol if we overthrow it the gates will be brought down." I said holding a crying Eliza. "so what do we do now?" Peeta asked. "we go back and fight." So the warriors and soldiers bored our hover craft and we take the long flight back home. I made instructions to land in district 13. At least what was left of it? When we land, it was quite. Too quite as they say. "Where are you capitol." The dude says. "What bro are you nuts you want me to land in the capitol. That's like Lucifer going to heaven." Then the was a loud groan of distress. I look over at Haymitch and there was an arrow in his arm. I look around then there was a loud booming noise a pain on the back of my head, then more blackness. I don't know how long I was out. But when I woke there where people around me. People I did not know. I look around and someone's is walking towards me. When I make him out, I see whom it is. President Snow. I gasp. "Your finally awake now aren't you." I look at him. "I know what you are up too. You silly little game of I won't talk to anyone." He said as he walked around me. "Well I'm sorry to inform you that you are going to be forced silenced." Was he saying what I think he was saying? Was he saying that he was going to kill me? I try to get up but I'm tied down. "not so fast." I held his gaze. "Might as well enjoy your last moments. Then some one said. "sir we are getting a call from the rebellion party." "let it through." He said then I hear a voice it sounded like Finnick's. "You let her go!" he said. "Why should we." "Because we need her." "That's exactly why we are not giving her back." President snow said. "You idiot!" I yell. "Hey are you there?" "Yea, smart one thanks for telling them the reason not to give me back. is this Finnick?" "Yea." "Figures." "Everyone's here." "How long have I been out?" I ask. "6 months." President snow answers. "6 months of war and torment but we are winning." That sounded like Peeta. "yes, but let's see how you do with out you leader." President snow said. "No!" Finnick screamed and I heard allot of mumbles and cries in the background." I began to cry a snot filled cry. "Enjoy your last conversation you have 60 seconds before the line cuts." Then he left I could see the numbers counting down. "Finnick I love you ok." "I love you too." Finnick said. "Haymitch!" I yell "What." He says "Drink a bottle for me would you?" "Done and done." And when I was about to move on Haymitch says. "By the way good job…on the mission and whatnot." "Am I getting praise from Haymitch?" "not entirely." I laugh. "Just to let you know we are searching for you and we are going to find you." He said. I sighed. "I don't know how much time I have left. Katniss. You have always been my bestest friend." "I have?" I made an annoyed face. "Yea of course. Peeta you're a great guy. And your huggles are amazing. "Thanks and no problem." "oh, I know you have been all wondering what my name is." I was down to 5 seconds on the clock. "My name is Iza, Iza Reffile." Then the line was cut. I was taken to. They give me a shot in my arm and I could feel my whole body go numb. Then they press a knife to my neck and slit my throat. I watch my life's blood pour out of me then things started to get dizzy and I started to feel cold very cold I was in a world of pain. But yet I could not move. I could not scream nor talk. I was silenced the last thing I see before I enter the blackness of death was my baby happy little face.