bite my leg" "you too." I said "Same over here." Katniss said I go and reach to where the bite was and then I realize that was not a bit it was a dart. "Run we aren't alone in these woods." They looked at me confused until they notice there own darts. We ran our fastest with me in the lead Katniss following me behind and Peeta taking up the rear. I kept on feeling stinging all throughout my body. Then my arm goes num and is completely useless. I look back to see how Katniss and Peeta are doing and I see Peeta Crawling for an unconscious Katniss. I run back to them but I fall. I try to crawl using my good arm but every thing was going numb and black. When I wake up everything is dark and cold. I try to move but I am tied. I hear a moan to my side. "Katniss, Petta?" I said. "Mmm." She said. "Are you ok?" I asked her. "Yea. I guess so." There was a gasp next to Katniss. "Where am I?" Peeta said. "Peeta?" Katniss said. "Yea. Katniss where is Finnick?" "I'm Right here." I said. "Good where all here." Katniss said "But where?" Peeta said "I don't have the answer to everything." "Yes you are." A voice said the voice had a real harsh thick Accent I could tell they where not form here. "Who are you?" Peeta asked. The lights turned on and I could see a man with long black hair and a black trench coat. Sunglass coved his face. "That is not important what is important is that I find your leader." "Who." "Your leader the one who brought down the gates and kept us out. the one called Iza Reffile." "She is dead." Peeta said. "Lies surely you must have you leader now tell me where she is you will all die!" "Dead gone bye-bye no more." I said. "Then who is your leader." Then it dawned on me that we did not have a President. "No one." I said. "Look we just want to find my baby." He said something in another language. Then another guy came out holing a baby. He sat her down on a table. "you mean this one." "Eliza!" the baby cooed. "let her go!" I yell. "not until you tell us who and where is your leader." Peeta and Katniss looked at me. I sighed. "Me is me you want." I said. They took Katniss, Peeta, and threw them out of the Building. They man left into another room. I look around and I find our weapons. I see Eliza sanding in a corner. Standing? What was she doing standing at six months old? I do something that I learn in training. It is where you fall back becomes very calm and you are able to slip out of any tight grip or whatever. I never had to use it until now. And it works. I sneak over to my tridents and grab one. I wait for the guy tome back and when he does I stab my trident through his back. He falls over in his pool of blood. The other men hear this commotion they come running in. I take Peeta's knife, slit one of the men's throats, and watch him fall. The last man was charging at me so I stab him in his guts. I twist and turn the knife as it remains in his intestines. Then I pick up my baby and get the hell out of there. When I exit Peeta and Katniss look at me. "Finnick!" Peeta says "You got all of those people in there by your self?" I nod. "How?' " When you have inspiration it all just comes to you. She needs a father and I'm not going any where." I said holding Eliza in my arms. "Oh how cute." Peeta says and holds her. She begins to yawn. Then a Hovercraft comes in and picks us up. When we enter Haymitch yells. "Why did you guys do that? That was completely stupid.!" I turn to him with a sleeping Eliza in my hands. "She!" I said pointing to Eliza. "Is not stupid. She is my daughter. And I love her very much. She is what's left of Iza the girl who saved us all from an destructive Capitol she is a Miracle the best thing to happen to me ever since the day I met Iza." Then Effie comes over and hold Eliza. "Look who's so cute." Effie said, then Eliza began to cry. "that reminds me we need a president." I said. One year later "Today we give thanks to those who set us free." President Katniss said. "Who cost their lives to free ours. Therefore, we no longer have to live in fear. We no longer loose innocent peoples lives. We no longer have the games. Today we give thanks to Iza Reffile. For setting us, all free here in Panem. She saved our lives by take hers. We give thanks to that girl who never spoke. To us She will never be just some girl. Today we give thanks to the girl who led us to Victory in Silence. Today we give thanks to The Silent Rebellion." We all put up one finger as a symbol as we are no longer made up of 13 individual districts but we are one. I look at my daughter. The most precious thing in the world. I held her in my arms as she cooed. I look at her tan colored skin her Bronze colored hair and her blue eyes. Then I see her the girl who never said a word to any one all her life but me. I also see another girl the Miracle that I hold in my arms. She was truly an angel. She is the Reincarnation of the girl who never spoke. Eliza Odair is the Reincarnation of Iza Reffile.