large car and owing to my mother's nagging had been made to promise to take me there. "Yeah, I can't wait to see that. The old man is grumpy enough, I can't wait to see him sober and in daylight. Do you think he'll burn up like some weird alkie vampire?" Gale always made fun of Haymitch's drinking problems. We'd had enough terse conversations about it. Yet he still insisted on being a massive dick. "Gale, shut up". He chuckled and gave me a wink. I pretended not to notice. I didn't want my last night at home to end in an argument. Luckily our food arrived. "Dinner is served my lovelies!" Sae placed the food in front of us; the savoury wafts of my stew engulfed me. I breathed it in. Oh I was going to miss this. Sae hovered at our table. I knew what she wanted. I grabbed the nearest spoon; luckily Sae wasn't one of those restaurateurs who insisted on having 5 forks on your table. Sae kept things simple, and that's why I liked her. I scooped up some of the stew, it was thick and shiny and smelt divine, I didn't hesitate putting it in my mouth. I chewed slowly, savouring the strong flavours and textures. As I swallowed my face split into a large smile, I looked at Sae and gave her a thumbs up. "It's perfect, as always" She grinned at me, satisfied that I was content. She strode back to the kitchen, repeating that if we wanted anything just to ask. Gale and I ate contently, we were never one for big conversations, but that suited us fine. Soon Sae was back and took our dessert orders; we decided to share a sundae, for old time's sake. We left " Sae's" around 10, the dinner rush had died down but the restaurant was still quite full. As we grabbed out coats Sae came storming towards us, a great pile of Tupperware containers in her arms. "Now don't think you ain't leaving here without a little something Missy!" She pulled me into a one armed hug and squeezed me as much as she could. As she released me she chucked the containers into my arms. "There's about two weeks' worth of servings of your lamb stew there. I couldn't let you go without." She pulled me into another hug, this one more careful as to not knock the mountain of containers balancing precariously in my arms. "Don't you go forgetting about us, you hear? And you better come and visit or so help me God I will steal your boy-toy's bike and come and visit you myself" she then let me go, placing a final kiss on the top of my head. I could see her eyes tearing up. "I promise Sae. I'll see you soon. And thank you for the stew. It means a lot". With that Gale and I left. Mercifully Gale took half of the containers. At least I wouldn't starve. We walked silently back to my home, the stew containers preventing us from engaging in much else. As we entered my kitchen we placed the stews down on the counter. Gale quickly pulled me into his arms, resting his chin on the top of my head. "Tonight was great Katniss…" I nodded in response, burying my head into his shirt. He smelt of pine and body wash; his comforting smell was something I was going to miss. "I'm sorry I can't see you off tomorrow…" some important meetings had been scheduled with various companies in the city who wanted to strike a deal with " Hawthrone's Garage " for MOT's, repairs and the like on their company cars. Gale the most charismatic and charming of his family, I had insisted he go. Besides, he could visit me anytime. "It's okay..." I murmured into his chest, "…you can come visit me this weekend or something when I've settled in". He kissed the top of my head and I felt him smile. "Yeah, I'd like that." Before he left we shared a few chaste kisses, I told him I didn't want him to feel like he was saying goodbye. I was only an hour away and he had his bike, it wasn't like I was gone forever. When he left I retreated to my room quietly. My mother was covering a night shift, but Prim was most definitely asleep. I changed into the pyjamas I had left unpacked this morning. My room was littered with various boxes full of clothes, books and keepsakes. My room looked oddly empty even with the invasion of cardboard boxes. I crawled into bed and turned off my light. I stared at the ceiling for a while realising that this would be the last time I would stay in this bed, and this house for months. I was scared, but oddly happy for all the new change I was to experience. I turned onto my side and shut my eyes, sleeping for the last time as just " Katniss Everdeen". From tomorrow I would be " Katniss Everdeen, undergraduate at Capitol University, studying for a degree and making a start on her future" . As of tomorrow, everything was going to change. Disclaimer: I love the Hunger Games series and would like to add that it belongs to Suzanne Collins, not me, I just love the characters :) Soo, this is my first fanfic, I'm very open to reviews so please tell me where to improve or what you might like to see. I would like to add that I'm from the UK so my university experience is different from that of other countries, and I'll also probably add in some British things like money, sayings etc. out of habit. Don't review me negatively for this, if there is some context that you don't get just message me or say in a review and I'll clear it up. Anyway, bye for now :) ohheyimgeorgia x