blackest corner of my mind breeds the thought. I don't know what my family will do, if I am chosen. I get all the funding for the three of us. What is not subsidized, I collect or kill, out in the woods. Speaking of which, we've no meat in stock. I take a deep breath, before emerging from my cocoon and changing my clothing. I pull on a pair of old trousers, and a loose-fitting shirt. I am certain to make as little noise as possible, slipping my feet into well-molded leather boots. My hair plaits into an easy side-braid. I spot a small slice of cheese in plastic wrap, which Prim has left aside for me. I smile to myself, carefully lifting the clear-plastic-wrapped object and sliding it into my pocket. I suppose that goat we invested in about two years ago has done us some good, after all. Grabbing my game bag, I slide on my father's worn-out leather jacket as I close the flat's door behind me. The wood of the outside, second-floor porch to the building is damp, I suppose from a mid-eve rainfall. Morning drops lingers on the rooftops, and I am grateful for the turn of season. Rather than frost biting at the panes, the dew lends some hope, if little relief, to the air. With the thaw in weather, there should be more game out and about. I hop down the stairs, two at a time with little noise. At the first-floor's landing, I meet one of the few people who could bring a smile to my face, apart from Prim. "Catnip," Gale Hawthorne grins, shifting his own game bag before preceding me towards the street. "Hey," I follow him down the porch. We pass through our dust-covered neighborhood of the Seam to the Meadow, nodding in greeting at the odd passerby in the street. It is early, and especially on a day like today, when you have to contemplate the death your child, no one likes to be out before they need be. We don't say much, Gale and I, as we cross to the forest boundary. We never do, until we are outside of the boundaries. Technically, hunting is illegal. We could both face a whipping, or worse, a hanging. We both have been hunting partners for three-and-a-half years. Not a one of the Peacekeepers has so much as blinked when we've brought them game from outside, though. Technically, too, the metal door which breaks up the high boundary, is meant to be locked, and electrically sealed. It rarely, if ever is, and we slip through it, closing it behind us, without any problem. If we are noticed, with our daily, early-morning passes through the stone wall barricade, no one ever says anything. Funding may do some good, where starvation is concerned, but it certainly doesn't bring a lot of game to the tables in Twelve. "District Twelve, where you can starve to death in safety," I mutter. I earn a grunting approval from the boy next to me, but still glance back, over my shoulder. You never know who might be watching. When we've returned, it is late in the afternoon, and Prim is nervously bouncing around our flat. Her shirt refuses to stick in her skirt, and I chuckle to myself, watching her. I tuck the shirt it, before placing a kiss to her forehead. "There we are, little duck," I say, with a smile. She quacks in response, before my mother offers for me to use the bath. For once, the tap in the shared facility down the hall is releasing warm water. I am grateful to sink bones and muscles sore from the hunt into the tide. When I return, I sit down to a warm stew. Prim sets herself on my knee, though, really, she is big enough where she shouldn't need to do so. My bother braids my hair, absentmindedly, and rather than stopping her, I sit still, watching Prim slurp down her portion of the stew. She is safe, I try to convince myself. I've done everything to be sure of that. Prim is safe. And if I have to go, to ensure that, for her, then so be it. I sit and stare at the portions before me. Meat, every single bite. Raw, cooked- juicy, dry. A sick feeling knots my stomach, as I play over the words which Haymitch Abernathy has said, not moments ago. "Here's what you do, sweetheart: don't die." He offers out his bottle, now, disrupting my thoughts. I clear my throat, tentatively examining the food placed before us. "What's all this?" I manage. Haymitch cackles, and I scowl at him. "What do you think?" the boy next to me mumbles. The blonde boy's ice blue eyes, kind blue eyes, with hands thick as the loaves he handles daily, flick towards me, before he gingerly lifts a plate of something pinkish, steaming-hot. "It's meat." I roll my eyes. "What kind?" "Sweetheart," the drunk's smile looks shark-like; one of those images, of a nasty, underwater creature looking for a place to lodge its assault. "Some things you're better off not asking." I take a portion of the same meat as my companion. (Don't give him a name it'll give him power over you.) I take a bite and freeze. Because this is no type of meat that I have ever tasted. I swallow it, barely-chewed, and stare at what remains on my plate. "What kind?" I repeat. "Homo sapien," Haymitch mumbles against his bottle, before cackling again. The words don't mean anything, and I look to- not Peeta - the boy, who looks pale, but unsurprised. "What kind?" I spit, suddenly furious. "Homo sapiens are us, Katniss," Peeta says softly, not meeting my gaze. The words take time to sink in. And while Peeta stares at the floor, Haymitch chuckles himself into a choking fit, I find myself beginning to vomit. Thankyou for reading! Please review / crit / etc!