Snow to have any reason to target Peeta, not after everything we've been through. "Yes." The President retrieves a holo device, sliding it forward. "I assume you both are familiar with this device?" We both nod, having seen them a handful of times, typically in the hands of Head Peacekeeper Thread. When he is reading out a sentence for a district criminal. "Let me explain how tomorrow night will go, then." I stare in disbelief, my eyes widening, chest tightening as President Snow explains how the consummation of our wedding is expected to be completed tomorrow night. He explains how the sponsors, who gladly assisted in our Victory, look forward to the continuation of our story. The continuation of the Mellark family line. "After all," he repeats the threat he made months ago. "We never have seen the child of not one but two Victors." Peeta and I both stare in disbelief, as the President leans back, smiling as he allows his words to sink in. We knew this, I tell myself. I look at Peeta, see his fists clenching. I think of the Victory Tour, when he had begun to smash lamps and other items. "We'll do it, sir." The President raises a brow, and Peeta looks about ready to object. "We'll consummate the marriage tomorrow night." "Of course." The President taps the holo, before sliding it forward. "I trust you know how to record, as well as watch?" The music swells, as the light turns to me. The crowd rises, delighted gasps as I begin to march forward. One step, two step… you can do this, I tell myself. I think of Prim, I think of my mother. I think of Peeta's brothers, of Delly and Madge and Gale and their families. I can, I can, I can. I repeat the mantra to myself, tell myself I must. It gets me down the aisle, gets me past the hands that reach out, brush across my arm and dress train. I am at the base of the stairs, passing one step, two then three. Peeta's hand reaches out, takes mine and holds it, tightly. A lump in my throat makes it hard to swallow properly, the lights from the camera all but blind me to everything except Peeta. The Justice is speaking, getting raucous laughter and applause, and the occasional whistle, but I don't hear the words the man says. He's some Justice of the Peace or some other baloney title, here in the Capitol, and afraid of panicking, I keep my eyes my fiancé. Soon to be my husband. The speeches go on and on, songs interspersing with professions of our devotion to one another. It seems to never end. "Peeta Mellark, do you take Katniss Everdeen to be your lawful and wedded wife?" the Justice asks. "To love and to cherish, to honor and obey, from this day forward?" "I do," Peeta replies. His blue eyes are locked on mine, watery, as if he has been crying, or drinking. "Katniss Everdeen, do you take Peeta Mellark to be your lawful and wedded husband?" the Justice's robes swish as he turns to me. "To love and to cherish, to honor and obey, from this day forward?" I gulp heavily before speaking, forcing a smile. "I do." "Are there any reasons, to why these two should not be wed?" The Justice asks. A chorus of, 'Let them kiss!' breaks out from the audience. I force a laugh, and even Peeta's smile looks strained. "By the power vested in me, I declare you Mr. and Mrs. Peeta Mellark, husband and wife. Let nothing break the bond which love has made." And with that, we seal our fate. "You may now kiss the bride!" I try to make my tears recede, or at the least, to make them look of genuine happiness. Applause erupt from the oblivious audience. The only relief is when Peeta's lips meet mine, and his arms hold me, tightly, as all of the lights and cameras flicker off. The reception passes in a blur. My eyes sting as I try to hold myself together, smile and be gracious. The car ride to the prearranged hotel, still, provides nothing but tension, as pedestrians stop the car, tap on the windows, demand we kiss for them. My lips feel numb from Peeta's kisses, not for his pressure but the incessant demand they be passionate. When the doors finally close, I collapse against the back wall of the hotel elevator. His hands find my own, and he leads me through the penthouse. It's larger than the one in the training center, and snacks and drinks line all of the tables, little notes about marriage popped in here and there. Bouquets of white roses fill the spaces where platters of food are missing, and I grimace, trying to ignore them. Peeta pauses, for a moment, before pointing to the liquor cabinet. Feeling too tired, and too close to tears, I simply look away. "I think it'll help." He studies me carefully. I shrug, squeezing my eyes shut for a moment before walking towards our room. Peeta gathers all the bottles that he can carry before following me. "Mrs. Mellark?" he asks, softly. He holds out a bottle of some amber-colored whiskey. "Do you take this bottle?" A small smile finds its way to my lips, and I take the bottle, unscrewing the cap as Peeta pops opened a bottle of his own. We clink the bottles against one another, before setting the holo device on the bedside table. Thankyou for reading! Hope this isn't too dark(ish) or too short for the Anon who requested it! I'm probably going to make this into a longer fic because man I was getting really into this prompt and this is only a small portion of what I blabbered out! also, Odesta may make an appearance in later chapters because I am awful :,) (also also, the title is a WIP and may change) xoxo