Katniss said "Its no one." "Well if he was killed we have to find out by who." "I say Ninlick killed him!" Finnick says. "I never killed any one in my life." I lie. "Really then why did Eliza go missing." "Because she's the one who killed Monk." Said a girl stepping from behind Katniss. It was the girl who looked like Eliza but paler. "Why do you keep saying she killed him?" Effie asked. "Because she was jealous." "Of what." Haymitch said "That he broke up with her for me." "now that doesn't sound like her. To just get jealous and kill some one." Haymitch said. every shook there head in agreement. "it sounds like her if he dumped her then she would go to a different guy." Peeta said Haymitch and Finnick Scoffed. I rolled my eyes. "look Eliza is nowhere near to be found." Effie said but was interrupted by the girl who looked like Eliza. "Because she ran off." "I do no t believe Eliza would commit a murder." Crap, I was in the middle of all this. I did not want to be I just wanted to be left alone. "So obviously we have a lair among us." Peeta says. "Ninlick where did you say you where from again?" Katniss. "Uh… you probably never herd of it." "Where." "North." "Where north because I don't remember you hear at all before the party." Everyone was just staring at me. If I where to come clean I know too things that would happen they will find Eliza and they will kill me. There was nothing left for me to live for. There was nothing left for me. Chapter 6 The confession I stood there with a blank look on my face. I sigh "So you all think it was me?" everyone nodded except the girl who looked like Eliza. I roll my eyes and try to leave but Haymitch stood in my way. "Speak the truth now or face the consequences." Katniss said. I sighed "I am telling the truth." I said "It just doesn't add up. You don't add up." Haymitch said "Your face doesn't add up." Every stared at me. "Look I am being honest. I cant be any more honest then I am being now." "Then tell us Ninlick what is this." Then he brought out my traveling device. "I'm not really sure." "We found it in your apartment." "So you where there?" "Yea." "So you killed him." "No we didn't kill any one we didn't see anyone." "Then who killed Piea." "I'm right here." Peeta said. "Not you." Katniss stared off into the distance. "Crapness what are you staring at?" Finnick asked. "Plutarch." Katniss said. "What about him." Finnick asked "He's the one who killed whom ever you are talking about." "I don't know who that is." "The one who went inside of your house?" "Oh." "So are you going to tell us what this?" Haymitch said. I sigh again. "I don't know what that is I have never seen it in my whole life." "but it was in your apartment." Finnick said. "it was there when I moved here." "Which is from where?" Katniss asked. "Someplace else." Haymitch Pulls out a gun and points it to my head. "So your saying our lives are in danger because of you?" Haymitch said "So your saying were your from is not safe?" Effie asked "Deny?" "Answer." Katniss said pointing and arrow at me. "I did." Katniss pulls back her bow and lets go and Haymitch Pulls the trigger. You would think I am dead. But I'm not. The bullet hit me and then landed on the on the ground and Katniss arrow doses the same. Every one stares at me. "What are you?" Finnick said with horror in his eyes." "Why do you want to know?" I say. "Because it is very important right now." Katniss said. "Its not that important because I'm human." "Well if your human explain this device." Effie said. "its nothing but a CD memory disk." "oh really." Haymitch said. I look at him. "I hope it's a Kenny Chesney CD." Effie said. Then everyone stares at her and shake their head. "The old lady has lost it." Ninlick said. Then Effie Fondles with and it turns into a ship. I Swear. Then everyone yells at me. I prepare for a fight. Everyone comes at me at first it was Katniss she tries to shoot arrows at me but they just reflect off of me. I hit her once and she is out. I do the same thing to the rest of them making sure my blows are only strong enough to knock them out. Then I run home and dig up Piea. and start up the ship then I hear. "Where do you think your going alien boy." I turn around and see who I assume to be Plutarch. "Home." "No you are not." Then out of nowhere someone tackles me. I lose grip of the device and fall. with a person still on top of me. The man grabs the device And opens the ship he walks in. I throw the person off me and run inside I see he has my breathing device. It controls me lungs so is can breath this ghastly air. "What are you doing with that?" "What do you think it's time for your rein to end." "You do not know how to…" my words where cut off by the lack of oxygen. I keep trying to breath but nothing came to me. I fell to my knees as the man laughed then I lie they are gasping for air. Nevertheless, nothing I slowly close and drift off into darkness. I do not know how long I was in a state of blackness but then in the blackness was a light. I go towards the light and then there was everything. Everything good everything your heart desire. And for me. There was Piea.