and she giggled. "Are you laughing at me?" he teased. Katniss shook her head with a smile. "Never." Peeta kissed her again, hard, and his nimble fingers moved around to unclasp her bra. It fell to the floor at their feet, and Katniss reflexively crossed her arms in front of herself. "No," Peeta growled. He pushed her arms away. "You're gorgeous, remember? Please, don't cover yourself." All Katniss could do was nod because the minute he stopped talking he knelt down again and pressed a kiss to her left breast. " Oh! " Katniss exclaimed. He toyed with her chest for a few minutes until Katniss was clenching her thighs so tightly that they were almost quivering. Katniss gently removed his face from her chest and led Peeta over to the bed. Tenderly, so tenderly that Katniss felt tears well up in her eyes, Peeta took her into his arms and laid her across the bed. "Are you sure about this?" Peeta asked. "Have you ever-" Katniss shook her head. "You're my first." Peeta's eyes widen, and he opened his mouth to protest but Katniss silenced him with a kiss. "Please," she whispered. "Make love to me." Peeta nodded. "Okay." With that he popped open the button on her jeans and she lifted her hips to help him get them off. His pants soon followed, then his underwear, and then hers. Katniss was slightly petrified at the sight of him. She had never seen a penis before- the word alone made her cringe with the clinical connotations. But even though she was frightened, the sight of him was glorious. He was beautiful. She reached out a tentative hand to touch him and was shocked- he was rock hard, yet soft to the touch, like velvet stretched over steel. "Oh, shit , Katniss," Peeta gasped when she touched him. "You have no idea of the effect you can have, can you?" Katniss shook her head, and Peeta laughed. He removed her hand and settled himself between her legs. "Don't worry about touching me. Let me take care of you." Katniss frowned. "What are you doing- OH MY GOD !" She arched off the bed when his mouth came in contact with her heated flesh. "Peeta, ohhhh, Peeta-Pe-" She could no longer form coherent sentences as Peeta busied himself with pleasuring her. She had never felt so good in her entire life. And then she tensed, and she gripped Peeta's hair so tightly as she shuddered and cried out with release that she was scared that she would rip some of it off of his head. When she relaxed, Peeta moved above her and it was obvious that he could not keep the ear-splitting grin he was sporting off his face. "That was magnificent," she breathed. "I'm glad," Peeta murmured. He kissed up her neck and then her lips. "Please make love to me now," Katniss pleaded. "I'd be happy to." Peeta rolled off her for a moment to grab a condom from his wallet. She blushed as she watched him roll it on, and then was above her again. Katniss gripped his shoulders tightly as he moved into her. She gasped and tears pricked at her eyes but she forced them back. He stilled, and she took a few deep breaths before nodding at him. Peeta kissed her tenderly as he started to move again. It felt foreign at first, but not unpleasant as he thrust into her. After a few moments she began to moan into his mouth, in turn causing him to speed up his thrusts. Soon enough Katniss began to writhe beneath him, feeling once again that glorious sensation blooming in her midsection. "Oh, Peeta! Peeta! Peeta !" Katniss cried out in ecstasy, and Peeta was soon to follow, tensing and groaning loudly as he met his own release. Peeta was careful not to put all of his weight onto her, balancing on his elbows as he looked down at Katniss's sated form. "Thank you, Katniss," he said, leaning down to kiss her. She let him languidly kiss her for a while, enjoying the feeling, before she pushed him back. "Thank you for what?" "Thank you for trusting me and letting me give you this." Katniss smiled. "I can't imagine it being anyone else." The pair awoke to the slamming of the front door. "Katniss!" Johanna screeched. "Some idiot delivery boy left his car outside our house. It must have been running all night, too, because it looks like that battery's dead!" Katniss sat up, mortified, and Peeta propped himself up on his elbows. The couple looked at each other for a while before bursting out into fits of laughter. "Was last night real?" Peeta asked her. "Very real," Katniss affirmed. Peeta let loose a toothy grin and relaxed back onto the pillows. They ignored Johanna's ramblings and complaints about a hangover as the cuddled back under the sheets. "This is going to be really awkward if you say no after last night," Peeta started, "So please, Katniss Everdeen, will you be my girlfriend?" Katniss smiled against Peeta's chest. "I would love to." Peeta let out a relieved laugh. "Oh, thank God." "Do you really think that I would say no?" Katniss jibed. Peeta shrugged, blushing a bit. "Oh crap," he said suddenly. "What?" Katniss asked nervously. "I was here all night...I'm probably going to be fired." Peeta's face dropped for a second before breaking out into raucous laughter. "I hope it was worth it," Katniss told him. He pulled her close. "Of course it was!" "Good," Katniss said mischeiviously. "Then, since you most likely don't have a job anymore and I don't have to be at the rec center until eleven-" she glanced at the clock, "-that means that we have three whole hours to ourselves." "And how do you plan on spending that time, Miss Everdeen?" Katniss smirked. "Why don't you come find out?" Please, let me hear your thoughts! I'm on tumblr as "ohalaskayoung". xoxo