to happen to me when your dead!" He opens up his mouth to say something. But I interrupt him. "No! No! Let me finish!" I walk frantically up to him and show him my arms. "This is what I do because you drink because you don't care for me what the hell am I suppose to do with out a father or any parent for that matter! I just want some one to love me and do the right god damn thing so I don't end up dead out there on the streets or some thing. It figures why you do not have a girl friend! You cannot even take care of a 13 year old. What did I do to deserve this huh! What did I ever do to you?" I was panting by the time I was done. He just stared at me he stood up and I thought he was going to hit me. I step back. "Am I really that bad?" I cuss at him. He stares at me. "Where did you hear that at?" I point at him. He rubs the back of his head and sits back down. "Go to your room." "No." "Yes." I cuss at him "Stop cussing like that next time you cuss like that I'm going to…" I interrupted him "To what going to hit me I dare you lay a finger on me." He just sat there in shock then there was a knock at the door. I turned around and answer it. It was Effie with a bowl of cheese. I take the cheese and slam the door in her face. I put the Cheese next to the other food that the servants have laid out. "Who was that?" Haymitch asked. I ignored him. Then Effie knocked again. I answered it. "What powdered hair lady!" "I'm here for the party let me in." "Nah." I try slamming the door in her face again but she catches it. And scoots past me mumbling something about me being rude. I sigh. And come in she goes into the kitchen and starts to socialize with Haymitch I go upstairs and read the rest of Hunted. When I was almost done there was a knock at the door. Then Haymitch came in. "Hey your just going to be up here there are people downstairs who want to see you." I ignore him. "I know you can here me." I kept on reading. "So your going to just ignore me." I read. He sighed and left. After about 10 or 20 minuets, there was another knock. I thought it was Haymitch again until he said. "Hey Eliza it's me Peeta." My heart pounded. In addition, I got up and looked into the mirror to make sure I still looked good. "Eliza are you in here?" he said. "Yea here I come." I open and answer the door. There was Peeta wearing a black tuxedo. I smile and wave. "Hi." I said "Hey." He said with his gorgeous smile and handed me a batch of cupcakes. I smile and put them on my nightstand. Then I sit on my bed. Peeta grabs a chair and sat with the back of the chair in front of him. "Why aren't you downstairs." "To many people I rather be alone." I said quietly. "Ah." He said. I stare into his eyes and get lost. "Do you like my dress?" I asked him. He nodded slowly but pointed to my face. I touched it. "Since when do you wear make up?" "Since now." He laughed and said. "You look better with out it." I blush hard and giggle. I eat a cupcake. Then Haymitch comes in and says. "There some one down stairs who won't shut up about you get down stairs now." Peeta and I get up and head down stairs I bring the batch off cupcakes and hand them to Peeta. Then as I turn the corner, a lady says. "You must be her." her voice had some sort of accent so I was assuming she was one of the outsiders. "Who." "The Leader's daughter." She walked up to me and got uncomfortably close to me. "Uh, President Katniss no." she takes both of my arms and whispers something in another language. Peeta tries to pull me away from her but her grip is too tight. Then he runs off some where. The lady is still telling me something in a different language so I cannot understand her. Haymitch hits the lady over with a beer bottle and Peeta takes me in to the closet that is under the staircase. "What's going on?" "Those people aren't good people." Peeta says. "Who are they?" "They want to hurt you." "What." "What did she say to you?" "She said I was the Leaders daughter." "Your not Katniss's Daughter Katniss doesn't even had a kid." There was screaming and glass being broken. "What do they want with me?" "I don't know but stay here and be quite I'll be back I'm going to kick some foreign butt." He got up and sprinted out but silently closed the door behind hid. There were more screams and people yelling. Damn I should have told Peeta how I felt about him what if he does not come back. There was a bang against the door that made me jump. Then Peeta rushed and said. "It's safe out there now but you can't stay here." He took my hand and told me I had a minute to pack. Therefore, I go upstairs, I pack my favorite shoes, and Velvet dresses and my books. Then run down stairs Peeta drags me into a hovercraft that had President Katniss, Haymitch, Effie, and other people in it. They all stare at me as if I was a freak. "What's going on?" I ask. At first, no one says a word. Then Haymitch says. "Those people want you because they want information. Those people have your father."