But for the sake of this little game, she stopped at the salon on the way home from the supermarket, bit the bullet, and got a Brazilian wax. "Well, it fucking hurt, so don't expect it too often," she joked. "But I thought this game would be a lot more fun if I was... bare ." "You thought right," Peeta murmured with a sly smile. He swiped the chocolate over her hips, over the tops of her thighs, getting closer and closer to the place she wanted his touch the most. When his finger finally grazed the hood of her clit she moaned loudly. When his tongue lapped up his creation her sounds intensified. "I like this little game a lot," he whispered in between licks. Taking another scoop of chocolate sauce, he slathered it across her slit and eagerly descended upon her heated flesh. "Oh, Peeta, yes," Katniss kneed, her legs tightening around his head. Her hands grabbed chunks of his hair as he worried her clit. Pausing only to reach up and slip two digits into Katniss' mouth so she could suck them clean, he returned to her cunt and slid his fingers inside her dripping pussy. With a few hard pumps Katniss was screaming as she fell over the edge. Satisfied and a bit messy, Peeta sat back on his heels and proudly watched as his wife lay across their bed and tried to recover from her orgasm. As she tried to regain her breath he shimmied out of the rest of his clothes, dropping them in a heap on the floor. When he went to pick up the jar again, Katniss snatched it from her grasp. "Oh no," she said with an evil grin, "it's my turn now." Whereas Peeta had been using a single finger for his chocolate art, Katniss scooped up a whole handful and slapped it onto his chest. Roaring with laughter, Peeta wiped some off and smeared it across her face. She squealed and backed herself up against the headboard, holding her arms in front of her face to prevent any further attacks. "Hey! You had your fun!" "I'm greedy, what can I say," Peeta murmured, easily pinning her hands behind her back and kissing away the mess he made. She softened against his touch, and soon enough she had him pinned on the bed and was licking away at his chest. When she reached the V of his hips that never failed to send a wave of heat through her she dipped her hand in the jar that was now almost empty and finally gave some attention to his stiff cock. Peeta hissed when her index finger made contact with the head, tracing a thin line of chocolate from the tip to the base and back again. After she had made little zigzag lines across all of him, Katniss blew lightly over his skin. Peeta shivered and wound his hands into her hair. "Don't tease me, woman," he moaned, pleading. Not one to deny her husband anything, Katniss didn't hesitate to give the tip of his cock a light lick. He twitched, and she gave him lick after tiny lick until all of the chocolate was gone from the head. Finally, deciding he had been patient enough, Katniss flattened her tongue and moved it slowly up his shaft. Peeta groaned and his grip on her hair tightened. Katniss smirked and repeated the motion again and again until there was nothing left of the chocolate sauce but a delicious aftertaste. She sucked his cock in her mouth, hallowing out her cheeks and taking him as deep as he could go before she started to gag. She managed to get more of him each time, relishing in the sighs and moans Peeta released as she did so. "Stop, baby," he told her. She released him from her mouth, no stranger to this request. Peeta didn't like to come in her mouth all the time, even though she told him time and time again how hot she thought it was. "My brothers always made it seem like some big accomplishment," he had told her when she asked about his tendencies. "It seemed so dirty and degrading, and I didn't want to treat you like that. Plus, I love your pussy, baby." Who was she to complain? "Can I ride you, Peeta?" she asked. Her husband grinned, and without waiting for the confirmation she knew she would get, Katniss straddled his hips and sunk down on his cock, whimpering as he stretched her tight pussy. "Oh, fuck! Peeta!" He didn't even give her a second to adjust before he was fucking her, holding her hips still in his large, strong hands and thrusting his hips upwards. His orgasm was fast approaching, and he'd be damned if he came before she did, so he angled her in the way he knew she loved so that her clit brushed over his pelvic bone with each thrust. "Peeta! Yes ! Just like that!" Katniss panted, and Peeta felt her thighs quiver around him. She came hard, biting his shoulder to muffle her screams. A few hard thrusts later and he followed, spilling himself inside of her with a throaty groan. They lay entwined for a few moments before Peeta slipped out of her and went to retrieve a towel to clean themselves up with. Once they took care of the stickiness that coated their bodies, the pair quickly buried themselves under the bedcovers toward off the January chill that was threatening to overpower their heating system. "Happy New Year, baby," Peeta said, kissing Katniss lightly before pressing her naked body tightly to his. "Happy New Year, Peeta." I've gotten so many requests for a continuation of Special Delivery and here it is. I needed some more holiday Everlark. Wollaston is the best beta anyone could ask for because she puts up with my last minute creations. Happy New Year, everyone! I'm on tumblr and AO3 as 'ohalaskayoung'. xoxo