Annie feels a panic building, and she lets it build, because there is little more that she can, in fact do, to stop it. "Bo, we were at the house." Bo nods, placing a hand on his sister's back and taking a deep breath. Even being twenty-four, he does not look much older than Annie feels. He looks just as shaky as she feels. (Looks like a child, to be exact. And, though being a child may mean many things, it certainly doesn't mean you feel equipped to deal with loss.) "Bo?!" the anxiety must carry on her voice, the fear and the strain, and the panic, because he shushes her, rubs her back gently. "There was a surge," Bo clears his throat. "They thought… they watched you get washed away. Az was-" Aslin Sibb. Bo's fiyanse. My sissy. My sissy couldn't get to me. We got separated. And Finnick- Annie's mind churns up screaming. Terrified sounds of her friends trying to keep each other safe inside of her Victor's Village home; clinging to one another. Finnick throwing himself over her, covering her, protecting her. Glass shattering, wind screaming, pressure deafening everything and everyone. And then, getting separated. The sound of a metal pole cutting clean through the side of the house. The sound as the roof had been ripped off and pressure sucked the house in on itself. The break of Finnick's voice, howling against the whirling wind as the swell crushed through the house, and suddenly they were washed out, too. A flow filled with nails and projectiles and thick beams of mahogany. And the water- She was trying to keep him above the water. Her arms weren't quite as strong as he needed her to be. "You're okay," Bo whispers. An arm is around her shoulder. "You're okay, everyone's okay." Annie reaches up to feel hot tears are boldly flying down her cheeks, like naughty teenagers fly into the fish-lodged waters of Pesca's farm-pools. "You just had a fright-" "I drowned, again," her voice frays and she shaking beyond what she had. "Bo, I'm dead." The nurse is eyeing her, but it does not matter. Everything is narrow, shrinking. They both are growing farther, and farther away. A laugh starts to bubble but she thinks she might be crying but whatever it is, it hurts. She starts rocking, nodding her head and she cannot stop once she has started. "Drowned, I'm… not real-" "You didn't drown." Bo's grip on her tightens. "None of you drowned, Annie." It is too quick, to Annie's mind, and she whimpers, because if he is honest, why does he speak so quickly, like a lie? That is how liars speak, not loving, big brothers telling the truth. "I'm a fish in a net." Her head starts swirling, and she is rocking back and forth, trying to find a center of balance. The more she rocks, the more it hurts. She thinks she hears things, but her hands cover her ears (one tap, two tap, three) and her lids shield her eyes before any of it can penetrate. The sting that she feels in the back of her neck feels painfully pleasant. A tickle tingles down her stomach, makes her tighten, though she does not understand why. "She needs to be admitted," the cold nurse's words drifts down into the slowly numbing darkness which has begun to take over. Annie lets it take over her. She does not have the strength to keep fighting, forever. She is much too tired for fighting. She just wants everyone to be all right. Noise gets through the muffling, initially. The distance intensifies, until all that is left is a blurred silence. Dip, exhale; surface, inhale. Lather, rinse, repeat. Mags always says that sleep is good for the soul. Or was that soup? THANKYOU FOR READING! let me know if anything is messy or confusing! this is just a lil' preview, the rest may not be coming once-a-week as I did with Ghosts, but I'm certainly going to try! As always comments / crit. / etc. are lovely! 3 a couple of things, for the purposes of this fic's headcanon (if you haven't read the previous installment, that will save you, I promise!): 1) Finnick and Annie never met as children / teens, what with District Four being so vast. Annie did train at District Four's Career Center, but they were years apart, and Finnick didn't attend after winning the 65th Games (exception being, training sessions to help the oldest kids, of which Annie was not a part at the time). Further, Finnick was not Annie's mentor, though he was in the Capitol during her Games for 'entertainment.' They still are getting to know one another, and their friendship / relationship is sort of on eggshells. Annie was 'sold' twice, up to this point, and Finnick was present at Annie's first 'appointment.' 2) District Four has a heavy Caribbean / French / Louisianan / southern influence, and you may also notice other 'customs' in the area known as Pesca differ far from canon. e.g.: families from Pesca speak 'Creel' (or a derivation of Haitian Creole). That being said, there is further Irish / Hispanic / other influences as well. 3) as much as I love Sam Claflin (and I do! I swear! I love him soso much!), during the books I always imagined Finnick to be at the least biracial? That being said, picture whomever pleases you! 4) Annie is now seventeen (was 16 during her games), Finnick is nineteen, Mags is 82. Johanna Mason has won the 69th Games, not the 71st, and so she is 18 for the purposes of this. and yess. basically this is going to pick up right where Ghosts ended (and i hope you won't all kill me!) 5) Young Mags was the inspiration for President Snow's 'selling' system. 6) Annie has recently stolen something, at Mags' request, from a Games' muttation designer. And she may or may not remember that.