late mother had been in labor with her for thirty-six hours, and it looked as if Annie was headed for the same fate. Peeta was glad that his friend still had a chance of reaching them before his child was born, but he couldn't shake the shudder that rippled through him at the thought of someone being in labor for a day and a half. "Peeta!" Finnick snapped his fingers, suddenly alight with new energy. "Why don't we rent a car?" The men stared at each other, dumbfounded. How hadn't they thought of this before? A little less than an hour later, they were shoved into one of those little black Italian cars, and on the road. By some bizarre coincidence, they found out that Finnick lived just twenty minutes away from Peeta in Panem, so the plan was to drop Peeta off and then make haste to the hospital, where-hopefully-Finnick would be able to help his wife have their first child. As they drove, Finnick converted his nervous energy into mindless chatter. He was a good storyteller, but Peeta couldn't focus on much of anything. His mind kept wandering to the woman waiting for him at home. They probably scarred the limo driver with the noises coming out of the back seat, but they didn't care. The elderly woman who passed them in the hallway on the way to their suite had looked like she was going to pass out when she saw the way they were entwined around each other, but they didn't care. She was his, and he was hers, and that was all that mattered. "So, Mrs. Mellark," Peeta purred once they were in the room. "I must say, you look absolutely ravishing this evening." "Why thank you, Mr. Mellark," Katniss said, walking backwards and leading her husband towards the king sized bed in the middle of the room. "I must say, I am definitely in the mood to be ravished." He didn't need to be told twice. She was out of her wedding dress in less than a minute, and soon the lump of white fabric was in a pile in a corner of the room. He took his time, laying her down on the bed and kissing every inch of her skin before removing the soft orange lingerie set she wore beneath her gown. Once she was completely naked beneath him, he moved to unbutton his uniform. "No," his wife said, sitting up. Her brown hair was curled into soft waves and spilled over his shoulders. She gently pushed his hands away and started on his jacket. She had let it slip once that she found his Marine attire extremely sexy. Protocol did not allow him to wear it off base, but for their ceremony it had been all he was allowed to wear. Katniss didn't mind in the slightest. Once they were both sans clothing, she did the same to him as he did to her, kissing every patch of skin across his body. Then he flipped them over to she was beneath him, and he worked her with his tongue until she found her first release. "I love you," she moaned as she came. He wanted to hear her say that every day for the rest of their lives. "I love you more." He slid into her while she was still shaking, and she cried out beautifully. They made love all night long, with him on top, then her. They stopped for a bit and ordered pizza and wine from room service, and then he took her in the shower. After an hour-long catnap, she woke him up with her mouth around his cock. By the time the sun rose, they had each came half a dozen times and their skin was peppered with love bites. It was the best night of both of their lives. A six-and-a-half hour drive was turned into nearly eight because of the icy roads, but by the time it was four in the morning on Christmas Day, the men pulled up in front of Peeta's house. 12 District Lane. "Good luck with Annie," Peeta said, shaking Finnick's hand. "I expect a picture of the kid soon." "Absolutely. Merry Christmas, Peeta." "Merry Christmas, Finnick." He drove away, leaving Peeta standing in the falling snow with his bag over his shoulder. He took a deep breath and then started up the walkway. Peeta found the spare key they kept beneath a loose step and slid it into the lock. It smelled like her. Pine and her lilac scented body wash. Peeta inhaled deeply as he closed the front door behind him and dropped his bag on the floor. He slipped out of his shoes and left them by the door and slowly padded upstairs. Their bedroom door was closed, and he eased it open with shaking hands. There she was. Katniss Mellark was curled up in a ball on his side of the bed, his favorite flannel dwarfing her figured. She stirred when the door open, and his breath caught as she sat up and rubbed her eyes. "Peeta?" she whispered, her voice low and hoarse from sleep. "Is this real?" "It's real," he whispered back, taking a step over the threshold. "I thought you weren't supposed to come home until after New Year's." She wiped away a tear that had rolled down her cheek. "Merry Christmas, Katniss," he said, coming to the edge of the bed. His wife let out a shriek and leaped at him. He caught her and clutch her to him with no intention of letting go. She wrapped her legs around his waist and crushed their faces together, their lips touching for the first time in months. Both of their cheeks were wet and salty from their tears, but neither of them minded. "M-Merry Christmas, Peeta," she choked out between kisses. They collapsed onto the bed, a mess of tangled limbs and tearful laughter. Peeta Mellark had never been happier. He was home.