the one thing I feared the most." "No I did not go off with a person from another country." "That's not what I fear." "Oh what is it that you fear the most." "You having sex with someone you don't really know." "Oh I'll try not to." I said sarcastically. "But you already did." "Have you been crying?" "That's not important. Why would you be doing that." "I've done it before." "What!" "Yea twice." "Dear god you're too young to be doing this. Who were the other guys? "Besides Fin-nick I love him." "First off you don't love him you don't even know him second who where the other guys." "You don't know me I do love." "Did you love the other ones." "Yea. I still love my boyfriend." "And the other one." "No." "Do I know him?" "Yea." "Then tell who he is." "No you're not my dad you will never be my dad." I scream "Yes I am your father and I will always be your father and there's nothing you can do about It.," he yelled at me "Yea there is I could kill myself and you wouldn't be my father any more." "Don't you ever say that!" "That's how you make me feel." He stood there in silence just staring at me. "Really?" "Yes." "So that's it you just want to die and it's because of me?" "Stay out of my life." I said and I walked away. Our yelling caused us to attract attention. I walk back into my room with Haymitch behind me saying. "What the hell was that all bout." "Him being a bad father." "He is trying to do the best he can." "No he is not." "What more do you want from him." "I want him to love me." "He does you just cant see it." "He makes me want to kill myself." "No don't you ever try that again. You need to give him a chance." "Why do you care so much about him?" "I just want what's best for you." "He's not what's best." "Yes he is." "No he keeps trying to be all up in my business." "Your business is his business." "Not who I'm having sex with." I blurted out. I coved my mouth with my hands "Your not even suppose to be having sex at your age." "Whatever." "No not whatever who are you having sex with." I open up my mouth to say something but Haymitch interrupts me. "it better not be Ninlick." I roll my eyes. "It is isn't and stop rolling your eyes it's rude." "Yea I've had sex with him and other guys it none of your business too." "Its plenty of my business as much as it is Finnick's" "No its not now I want everyone to stop telling me what to do." I stormed out of there. And walked back to Ninlick's room. "Ninlick can I sleep here tonight." "Sure why." "Everyone's being stupid they keep getting on my back." "About what." "Us." "What about us." He said with a smile and putting his arms around me and sitting me on his lap while he sat on the edge of his bed. "My dad was out there when we where doing it and now everyone is giving me a lecture that I'm too young to have sex." "The age doesn't matter as long as you love the other person. You love me right." "Of course I do." He kissed my neck. "And I love you." "Look I'm tired I'm going to go to sleep." He nodded and I take off my Baby blue velvet dress and got in the bed and climb in the be with just my purple bra and purple boy shorts. And go to sleep. The next morning. I sat up. I realized we where back in Panem. I leave the room then Effie said. "Eliza what is…Goodness!" she said and turned away. I looked around then remembered I was still in my underwear. I run back in and put on my Baby blue velvet dress and walk back out. I leave the hovercraft and go outside begin to walk to Haymitch's house and enter the door and of course Haymitch and Finnick where talking at the table. I run upstairs and pack everything I own. I walk back down with a suitcase in my hand. "see she wants to leave with me." I hear my dad said and then I leave. "Eliza? Eliza!" I hear some one call after me. There was no way I was going to stay there and I wasn't going to live with my dad. I was going to live with the man of my dreams I was going to live with Ninlick. I knock on his door waited a few and then h answered. His green eyes sparkled "Hey Eliza what are you doing here." "I'm not dealing with any of them." "You're going to have to face them." "Well until there ready to listen to me can I stay here?" he sighed and nodded. "Sure I don't see why not mi casa es su casa." He flipped his hair. "I don't know what you just said but ok." I head in and turn to him. "Where should I out my crap." He took my bags and headed upstairs. I followed him. He entered a room that was small blue it was messy clothes all over the floor poster on the wall and plates and food everywhere. "You think you should clean up a little." He laughed "Whys wrong with my room." "Well for a guy nothing." He smiled at me and put my suitcase down. He wrapped his arms around my waist and looked me in my eyes. his eyes shimmered and I kissed him on his lips. "Ninlick you're a real special guy." He pulls me closer to him then whisper on my ear. "you could say I'm out of this world." I smiled. "you are you really are."