into rain, and I didn't mind the slush as I drove home, because this time she looked back. And when I got inside my apartment, I finished baking for Effie and cleaned up the kitchen. It was well past midnight by now, but I sat up and drank the rest of the wine straight from the bottle because I could still taste her lips on the rim. The next morning I brought Effie her treats and only escaped from her apartment an hour later with the excuse that I had other people to visit. I got in my car despite the lie, and when I sat down I noticed the singular black glove sitting on the console. Smiling to myself, I put the car in gear. I drove to the motel, and I asked the manager if the couple in room twelve had check out yet. He grunted at me and shrugged, but after a bit of coaxing I managed to get him to tell me that they hadn't checked out yet, but had left in some fancy car about half an hour before my arrival. So I left the glove with him, and scribbled a note down on some of the motel's stationary. The surly manager assured me that he would leave it for them, and shooed me away to go get himself a drink. I hopped back into my car with a sad smile on my face. I thought of her glove, and the note, and all the things still unsaid. But I was thankful for the opportunity I had to see her one last time. To give her the proper goodbye that I didn't all those years ago. I flipped on the radio, and the first song that came on was one of my father's favorites. I hummed the tune as I drove away. We drank a toast to innocence We drank a toast to time Reliving, in our eloquence Another 'Auld Lang Syne' Two Years Later "Congratulations, Peeta," my father said, clapping me on the back. A photographer snapped a picture, and the flash hurt my eyes. "Thanks, Dad. I'm glad you could be here." It took a while for my dad to work up the courage to leave my mother, and even longer for him to work up the courage to contact me. He said something about being scared of how I'd react to him not being there for all those years, but in reality I couldn't care less. I was just happy I had some family back. "Mr. Mellark! Let's get a picture with you and your father with the painting!" We moved to stand in front of my latest work, one that earned me a spot at the Museum of Modern Art. I could hardly believe the news when I heard. This painting had been my best work yet, but I still didn't think it was of such caliber to be displayed in such a prestigious setting. The painting was of two things: A half empty bottle of wine and a worn black glove sitting on the center console of a car. Snow was falling onto the windshield, and in the each corner of the painting you could see a hands, a man's and a woman's, both angled towards each other's but not touching. I called it Reunion . "Alright, put your arms around each other. Look happy!" the photographer directed. "Move slightly to the left...You're blocking the painting!...Okay, perfect. Hold still...and...Great! Perfect. Thank you, Mr. Mellark." "My pleasure," I said. The photographer's eyes shifted to something over my shoulder and he smiled widely. "Is this your wife? You two must take a picture together." "My wife? No, I don't-" I turned around and stopped short, my breath catching in my chest. Katniss stood sheepishly off to the side, her hands tucked behind her back, a small smile on her face. I looked back to the photographer. "Just a second," I told him. I jogged over to Katniss. "What are you doing here?" "Congratulations," she murmured. From her behind her back she revealed a bottle of wine. The same one we drank together two years ago. I took it from her and looked up, hopeful. "Your husband?" I asked. "He was cheating on me for six months before he came clean," she deadpanned. "His high school girlfriend, Annie. We got divorced quickly and that was that. But it got me thinking." "Oh?" I said. "About what." Katniss stepped closer to me. "I started thinking that if Finnick found happiness with his high school sweetheart, maybe I can, too." "Interesting theory." I inched closer. We were barely a breath apart. "I think you should test it out." "You do?" she breathed. I nodded, my lips just brushing hers. "Good. Because all of my bags are in the car and I have nowhere to stay tonight." We laughed as our lips met, and I lifted her off the ground and spun her around. I could hear the click of the cameras but I didn't care. Katniss threw her head back and laughed as we spun, and when I placed her back on the ground her cheeks were flushed and her grey eyes were bright and full of life. "I love you," I told her. "I love you," she repeated. When I kissed her again, all I could think about was how melodic those words sounded, and how soft her lips were against mine. And when she writhed and moaned beneath me that night, I knew that one thing was certain. This, right now, is real. I am with her. She loves me. And she is so beautiful. Fin. It feels so great to be posting again! Thanks to my awesome beta wollaston for getting this back to me so quick even though I dumped it on her last minute. I hope everyone has a very merry Christmas (if you celebrate it) and a very happy New Year! I'm on tumblr and AO3 as 'ohalaskayoung'. xoxo