fucked me over, Gale Hawthorne, and you didn't even have the decency to do it in person." Gale had been silent for her entire rant. His suit was now completely drenched, and Madge's blonde curls were now plastered to her face and neck. "I couldn't handle it," he finally croaked. "You drove me insane in high school, you know that? You made me so mad but I loved it, Madge. I loved you . You were way too good for me, and it made me sick. I treated you like shit for the longest time and you still put up with me. I thought about you for years afterwards. I thought that maybe if I was successful, I could finally be good enough for you. I could sweep you off your feet. When my mother told me that you needed a job, it terrified me. I wanted to help you, but I was scared that I still wasn't good enough. Or that you'd hate me for being such a dick in high school. I was too cowardly to face you, so I gave you the cold shoulder. Again." Gale sighed and ran his hand over his face. Madge was shaking, and she wasn't sure if it was because of the rain or her rage. "What I did was wrong on every level imaginable. What we did...I just felt so awful about it. I felt like I had used you. Especially after being so awful towards you, it made me sick to think that I'd just use you like some whore or something. You're so much better than that, Madge. You didn't deserve what I did. I let you go because I thought you'd hate me and I just couldn't bear the thought of seeing the look in your eyes if you did." "Oh, yeah?" Madge seethed. "What do my eyes look like now, huh?" "Madge, I'm sorry ," Gale said, his voice cracking. "I'm so, so, so sorry. I don't deserve a second chance but I'm going to ask for one anyway. I love you, Madge Undersee, and I'm begging you to let me prove it to you, even though you deserve so much better than me." Madge narrowed her eyes at him. "You're only saying that because I'm here, Gale. You would never have sought me out on your own to tell me that." "I would! I know I would. This would have eaten me alive." Gale collapsed onto his knees. "Please, Madge. Please . I swear to you that I will be different. Please give me another chance." Madge studied him for a few moments, on his knees in the rain. He looked positively pathetic. She smirked. "Okay," she said, shrugging."I'll consider it. After you drive me into town, of course." She turned on her heel and marched to Gale's car, opening the passenger side door and hopping in. Gale was frozen in place, staring at where she just was. When he hears the door slam, he is released from his trance, and he jumps to his feet. As he walked to the car, he couldn't help the shit-eating grin that spread across his face. "Thank you," he whispered into the air when he reached the car. Then, he took s a deep breath and got in. Their relationship wasn't perfect after that, of course. It wasn't even a relationship until months later. Madge put her foot down and demanded he prove himself to her as a person before even considering giving him so much as a peck on the cheek. He took it all in stride, more than happy to show her just how serious he is about them. Their first date was five months later. Gale took her out to a field about an hour's drive north of their town. He brought along a blanket, a picnic basket, and a bottle of champagne. They sat together on the blanket for hours, noshing on the sandwiches and snacks Gale had prepared and exchanging stories. Madge told Gale about her parents, and he told her about his time in the military. Before the day was over, the stumbled upon some wild strawberries and stuff themselves until their lips, hands, and clothes were stained red. Then he told her that he loved her for the first time. Five Years Later Gale was hunched over his computer, furiously typing. The digital clock on his desk showed that it was nearly four in the morning, but he hadn't looked at it since two. "Gale?" He looked up to see is extraordinarily beautiful wife peak her head into his office. "Sorry, Madge, I was just finishing up this report." She opened the door all the way and stepped inside. She was completely naked save for one of Gale's dress shirts that she had slipped on. It fell down to about an inch above her knees, and the sleeves went way past her hands, and she hadn't even bothered to button it, giving her husband a lovely view of her toned body. "It would've been done earlier if I hadn't been fooling around with someone all night," he said with a smirk, giving her a pointed look. She feigned horror. "You were just as willing as I was, Mr. Hawthorne." Gale shut his laptop and pulled her onto his lap. "Of course I was, Mrs. Hawthorne." She laid her cheek against his shoulder and gazed up at him with her big blue eyes that had him practically melting in his chair. "You know, I'm really glad you started working from home." "Me too," he agreed. "It's so much easier, and it allows me to see you more often. Plus, I actually have free time now." Madge grinned. "Well, you might not have as much free time anymore. We have a lot of preparations to do." Gale's brow furrowed. "Preparations? For what?" Madge took one of her husband's large hands and placed it gently over the skin of her belly. "For our baby." Fin.