whispering excitedly when they were joined by Cato's girlfriend, Gina, who was often referred to as Glimmer because of the sparkling powder she used on her face. "What's up, Cato?" I asked evenly. His eyes flickered amusedly between Katniss and I, and I could feel her tense behind me. "What are you doing with little Cat-Piss, Mellark? Did you get tired of jerking off into pies and figure you might as well try your luck in the slums?" Any luck I had at creating a witty retort died on my lips and I looked down at the pavement. It wasn't the first time I had been at the receiving end of an American Pie joke, but it was the first time Katniss had been involved. Cato snickered when Glimmer asked Katniss who she had to blow to pass the math test yesterday. Fuck off, I thought, clenching my fists. Just leave her alone. She never did anything to you- well, besides graffiti your butcher shop. But you don't know that so piss off and leave her alone. "What's wrong, Mellark? Too used to the cupcakes that you don't know how to speak when a real man is talking to you?" Katniss sighed behind me, and I felt her soft fingers graze my arm. My heart clenched. She was disappointed- disappointed in me. She had given me a gigantic speech the other day about how these bastards tormented her, and here they are humiliating her and I'm doing nothing. "I don't see any real men," I said loudly before I could stop myself. "Peeta, what are you doing?" Katniss whispered. "Let's just go, they're not worth it." "But you are!" I turned to face Katniss's shocked expression. "You are worth it, Katniss, and it's not fair that these pricks say shit about you all the time." I felt a strong grip on my shoulder and was spun around. Cato's face was inches from my own, and he was seething. "Are you trying to start trouble, you little shit?" he hissed in my face. Bits of spittle landed on my chin, and I wiped it off with the back of my hand. "I'm not trying to start anything. I just don't think that Katniss is deserving of any of the treatment she has received." I took a step back and grabbed her hand. It was shaking. "Katniss Everdeen is the smartest girl I've ever met," I announced. "She doesn't need to blow anyone to get good marks. She is intelligent, and caring, and beautiful, and just a good person . Which is more than I can say about any of you ignorant assholes. "'All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing.' Edmund Burke. We learned about him last week while you were snoring. He was right; and I'm done doing nothing. You need to step off." Cato took a threatening step forward and shoved Peeta's shoulders. "You better watch yourself, prick. You don't want to go where you're headed." Peeta looked at Katniss, who was staring at him with wide eyes and a small smile. "Actually, I'm exactly where I want to be." "Well?" Katniss asked excitedly as I hung up the phone. "What did you get?" I tucked my iPhone back into my pocket. I had worked out an arrangement with Miss Trinket last week, and she agreed to call me as soon as she was done grading my final exams to give me my grades. Katniss was laying across my lap on the bean bag chair in my room, anxiously awaiting my news. The past two weeks had been nothing but intense study sessions. I was lucky to squeeze in a kiss every night before she left. She insisted that every moment be spent with our heads in our notes so that I could pass for the year. If I didn't score high enough of my final, I would have to retake the class next year. "Peeta Mellark, you tell me right now!" "Not without a kiss first," I said with a chuckle. Katniss craned her neck up and I met her halfway, softly caressing her lips with mine. She pulled away all too quickly, and looked at me expectantly. "I passed for the year," I said. "Oh my God, Peeta, that's great!" she cried, jumping from the bean bag chair. She hopped in front of my excitedly. "I'm so proud of you, Peeta!" "But that's not the best part," I said. "Guess what I got on my final exam." The highest test grade I had gotten all year was an eighty-nine. "Did you get a ninety?" I shook my head. Katniss's face fell infinitesimally, but she recovered with a smile. "Oh, that's okay, Peeta. You'll get loads of nineties next year-" "Katniss." I held up my hand. "I didn't get a ninety. I got a ninety-two." Her jaw dropped. "A ninety-two?" I grinned. "A ninety-two?" Katniss jumped back on top of me, and I caught her with a grunt. Her fingers wound into my hair and she eagerly kissed me. "I am so proud of you," she whispered against my lips. My hands found purchase on her hips and I pulled her tight against me. "I wouldn't have been able to do it if it wasn't for you." Her hands, free of any designs or drawings, traced my face, and the sleeve of her bright green shirt tickled my chin. "Yeah, you're probably right," Katniss teased. "Hey," I pretended to pout. "Is that any way to treat your boyfriend who just got a ninety-two?" "No, it's not," Katniss agreed. Her eyes sparkled devilishly. "In fact, I think he deserves a reward." And boy, did I get one. This was my submission for Day 7 of Prompts in Panem. I also posted an outtake from my other fic, Ten Million Lifetimes, in which things get a little...steamy. ;) It's called Always Real . Come chat with me on tumblr- "ohalaskayoung" xoxo Amber Kay