It's a way to show off our agility and I am disappointed but not surprised to see the girl from 5, Lara, go through better than any of the Careers. Third training day is our private session with the Gamemakers. I show off my ambidextrous knife skills, then for good measure, build a fire in under a minute, and extinguish it with no trace in less than the time it took to build it. They clap, and I leave pleased but not satisfied. I wait on the couch nervously. "This is so exciting!" chirps Ante. Cato rolls his eyes. The scores start up and everyone falls silent. Glimmer and Marvel do decent for 1. Not spectacular, but that wasn't surprising. Cato's score is impressive, but I'd expect nothing less than a 10 from him. My name appears onscreen and… 10. It is high, but I was hoping to get 11. I put it out of my mind. I did the best I could and now I've got to get the interview over with and the Games can begin. We all get a shock when Katniss is announced. 11 is her score. My mouth falls open. "How…" Angelica trails off. 'Surprise," Cato says, "She steered clear of archery. Probably has talent in it." We all groan. What's done is done, and we can't change it. The interviews are another preparation the prep team grumbles through. I try to be still, but I can't stop wiggling in anticipation. I know my angle; sweet but sarcastic. Cato said it was exactly my personality. My stylist has a gorgeous red sleeveless dress for me but I hardly concentrate on anything. I'm too nervous wondering what will happen on the stage. The D1 interviews fly by. I'm not paying any mind to it. Cato gets up and I have to force myself to pay attention. Soon, it's my turn and Angelica nudges me. I walk on to the stage confidently and sit down when he asks. I answer all the questions and keep my angle. But it doesn't seem like I've fulfilled my purpose and that I've really done what I should. The rest of the interviews pass by the same way Marvel's did and I hardly notice when Peeta announces he's in love with Katniss. In fact, I really couldn't care less. Until I realize that's what I needed to really secure my status as the strongest tribute here. In the room, the space seems small and cramped. Liz hands me a red jacket and a smile. "Good luck," she says finally, "Not that you need it." I smile back and turn around. I climb in the glass cylinder and glance back once. As it starts to rise I can't help thinking, if only I could turn back now. The arena is brighter than I thought it would be. There is a lake to our right and a forest to the left. On the other side of the lake is a field of wheat. I can't help but remind myself to never enter it, even if it's the only way to win. There is no way to see what's a few feet away in that maze of grain. Cato glances my way, but I purposely look towards the Cornucopia. Eyes on the prize, I remind myself. Suddenly a voice rings out, "5…4…3…2…1!" and a cannon goes off. Immediately, I sprint right for the Cornucopia. At the edge of the pile outside it, there are a few knives propped up against a bag of supplies. I grab the first one I see and throw it perfectly at the girl rapidly approaching; I think she's from District 9. First kill I think triumphantly. Now all the sponsors will want to be the one who supports me. Marvel appears beside me. He holds a spear, and it's covered in blood. The bloodbath has begun. Cato is over to the right; Glimmer is unsuccessfully defending the left while trying to get more weapons she can't use. What an idiot, I think. Marvel and I take the centre. Isabella and Damian have disappeared. We move closer inward, towards the best weapons. A bow and a dozen arrows sit at the mouth. I snatch them away before Katniss can get to them. "Cato will be at the back," Marvel says, "I saw the swords back there." "And Isabella?" I ask, "She's a sword fighter but she isn't there. Do you think she bit the dust?" "Nope." His response quiets my worries for the moment but I still look out for her body. For the next few minutes I concentrate on the fighting tributes from other districts. Soon enough, they run off or die and the cannons sound. 8 shots ring out, 8 less tributes to contend with. We pick through the rest of the supplies. Making a pile and finding someone to guard it are our next priorities. Cato, Marvel, Damian and Glimmer start the pile, Isabella and I leave to look for our new guard. "Let's make it quick," I mutter, "I don't trust that Glimmer girl to just stay quiet with a bunch of boys." Isabella grins. "Jealous, are we? No matter, I've already found a guard." "Who? Even if you did, we still have to catch them," I point out. It feels like this job will be longer. I didn't quite trust Cato to hold off on Glimmer and her flirting. "Him." Isabella pointed to the trees. I could just see a boy hiding in the brush. "Excellent," I said, grinning, "We can take him." It was the boy from 3. Isabella chased him in my direction, then let off. He stopped to catch his breath. I snuck up behind him and pressed my knife against his throat. "Come with us, we can help you," I whispered in his ear. He shook and walked obediently over to the Career camp. Peeta of 12 was there waiting for us. "You must be Clove. I'm Peeta, your newest ally."