an alcoholic blank. 51 Lyme agreed to infiltrate the Institute after her best friend, a true patriot, died in the Forty-Ninth and the commentators bemoaned that the kill was so quick. 52 Blight Gavin lost his faith in the gods when Jason Mellark died. He found it again when he went into the Quell to protect Jason's distant cousin. 53 Wiress Okamoto could hold white liquor almost better than Haymitch and Chaff could, and won several sponsorships for her tributes by out drinking some of the Capitol's finest whiskey connoisseurs. She told Beetee the sponsorships came from the university's science club so he wouldn't waste her time with lectures. 54 Halibut Shore knew his son was going to die from the moment he was reaped. His mentoring of the boy lacked any conviction as he didn't want to get his hopes up. Hal spent the rest of his days haunted by the thought that if he had just fought to keep his boy alive a little longer, he could've made it to the flood and outswam Annie Cresta. 55 For twenty years the bed in the master bedroom of Mitt Compton's house remained unslept in, as the Victor of the Fifty-Fifth preferred to sleep curled up on the floor next to the heater. Once the morphling was in his bloodstream he couldn't feel the hardwood floor or the sores down his legs and backside anyway. 56 Connor Murphy wrote obnoxious love letters and sent them to Lyme anonymously. 57 Cecelia Rheys had almost more secrets than she could count. The identities of her children's fathers, the ever lurking presence of Victoria, the personality she had developed during her Games, her role in smuggling stitched messages to District 3 in the lining of fancy scarves. But the secret she held closest was the burial place of her sister Kerry and her father. She didn't trust the Capitol to keep the graves untouched. 58 Roan Tully had severe dyslexia and was functionally illiterate. His escort had to read his speeches during the tour dozens of time before he could recite them back perfectly. 59 Circe Montoya assembled an evacuation plan for her people in case of uprising and war. As soon as the Mockingjay sent the arrow into the forcefield the few remaining Campers vanished into the wilderness. Their destination was a secret Circe took to her grave. 60 Phoebus almost hoped he would be reaped for the Quell so he'd have a chance to slit Blight Gavin's throat on live television. 61 Crystal Flute cut through a strap on her rival's harness right before the rock-climbing test during their fourth year at the DAEYD. The harness failed at a critical point and the rival plunged to her death. Crystal never told anyone but someone must have guessed because her prestige went up five ranks when she returned. 62 When Enobaria Malachite murdered someone on Snow's orders, she always left a tiny slip of paper with a picture of a rose somewhere on or near the body so her victim's relatives knew exactly who was to blame. 63 Gloss Delacroix grew up loving his sister almost as much as he loved himself, and he died hating her almost as much as he hated himself. 64 Cashmere Delacroix took anonymous correspondence courses from the University of Panem when she wasn't being bought and sold or mentoring tributes. She had degrees in microbiology and chemistry and was working on a third in ancient history when the Quell was announced. 65 Finnick Odair was as pansexual as they came, but he never imagined himself ending up with a woman until the day he met Annie Cresta. Then there was no other possibility. 66 Song Nuo enjoyed having threeways with her husband and pretty blonde girls from around the district, because while she knew she always had his heart she wasn't opposed to letting him indulge his eyes once in a while. 67 Johanna Mason had nine secrets, but good luck getting her to tell you any. 68 Berenice Equita was a Victor by default who never got over being cheated out of her final showdown with the boy from District 1. Much like Jules Elmer sixty years before her, Berenice would pick fights in Capitol clubs with men older and much burlier than she. She'd beat them down until they were whimpering for mercy, surrounded by a cheering crowd, expecting the trumpets to ring out her victory at any moment. 69 Abram Mills had body confidence issues even after he dropped forty pounds and was named Cannon Magazine's Sexiest Newcomer. He tried dating girls but always worried that their compliments were insincere, mocking, covering disgust and loathing. When he was in the Capitol he simply hired call girls. At least he knew they were insincere, after all he was paying them for it. 70 Annie Cresta prepared for the Games by stalking and killing stray dogs. When Finnick suggested getting a puppy one rainy night Annie went into a panic attack that rendered her mute for three days. When she covered her ears it wasn't the screams or the rushing water or the sound of metal cutting through bone and tendon that she heard loudest. It was the barking. 71 Cora and Cecelia didn't dare come any closer to Cotton's house than the front walk, because the whole place was booby-trapped and only Cotton knew where she set every trap. 72 Lupus Pagano loved jazz and blues music but couldn't even choose it as a talent because his team felt it softened his 'image.' He managed to get his hands on an ancient record player and repaired it in secret and would spend hours listening to the rebellious sounds of an age long passed. 73 Odysseus Wheeler spent most of his Games in the nude and developed some voyeuristic tendencies as a result. 74 Peeta Mellark blamed himself for Prim's death. 75 Everyone always seemed to know Katniss Everdeen's secrets before she knew them herself.