our year who are much, much better. But I'm hardly going to mention that, since we are here to help him relax after all. "Another round everyone?" I ask. No one is paying attention. Pat is laughing uproariously at something the server said that wasn't meant to be funny, Maura is still glowering at the television screen and twisting her own dark hair in one finger, and Declan is lost in his worries. I shrug and go up to the bar to have a quick chat with Archie. The door opens as I'm ordering four more pints. The noise level in the Three Cousins drops considerably. Three men walk into the pub together. They're big, smell of old sweat, and clearly from the quarries. Their coats have a patch with some sort of red leaf. They're also already drunk, by the way they're weaving their way up to the bar. "Something I can help you lads with?" asks Archie in a distinctly cool, formal voice. "Somma that District Four tequila if you got it, old timer," says the largest of the men. Archie slams three shot glasses down and fills them from a dusty bottle. "Not too often we have folks from Redfern up this way." Redfern. The name sounds alarm bells in my half-inebriated brain. It's a village on the outskirts of the district. Cuts marble for the Capitol. Supposedly it was the only village to go over to the rebels entirely during the Dark Days and ever since it's been a hotbed for sedition. Not that I'm supposed to know anything about that, of course. The man shrugs. "Got a load of the good stuff we're shipping out. For President Snow's own mansion." He raises his shot glass. "May we always….serve him well." The way he says it sounds like a threat. The chuckling of his buddies doesn't help. His eyes light on me. "Well, well. We got a little girl down from Murder High? What's a pretty girl like you doing wearing the red, sweetie?" I smile. Maura says that when I smile I look like a mountain cat ready to pounce. "Girl can't have a drink in peace?" "Oh, I'll leave you in peace if you want, beautiful, but I think I can convince you otherwise." I smirk. "You couldn't handle me, quarry rat." "Well, never say nev-" "Baria?" Declan is up and shoving his way to the bar. Behind him, Maura and Pat are giving us apprehensive looks. "He giving you trouble?" "He was just going on his way," I say. The man hoots. "Well if it isn't a bunch of baby murderers in training. And a Gold Tag to boot. You all excited to kill some babies, boy?" Declan stiffens. "I will serve my district and my country in whatever way demanded, sir." The man snorts. "Murder High took your brain, did it boy? That shit get your girlfriend get all excited?" "Come on, Dec," I say. "I've got the drinks." Another one of the man laughs. "You cut his meat for him too, girl?" The first man smirks. "Bet he lets her ride on top too." "Well, you're not about to find out anytime soon how I ride," I say and walk past him. One of the men leans forward as we pass. "If they pick you, I hope you die," he whispers in Declan's ear. My friend freezes. For a moment I think he's going to faint, or throw a punch. Then he bends over and vomits several pints and dinner onto the shiny wood floor. The men laugh uproariously for about three seconds as I set the glasses down, pick up a chair, and smash it over the biggest man's head. He goes down hard. The other two give shouts of rage and move in but they don't get two steps until Pat and Maura are on them. Pat is whooping with joy at his first bar fight, Maura is smiling grimly. She delivers a one-two punch to the smallest man then shoves the other one towards me so I can take him down with a kick. Something smashes into my ear and I go flying into a table. My big friend is back up. I'm vaguely aware of the rest of the pub cheering us on and Archie yelling something into his ancient phone as I take a fighting stance. My opponent is big and his fists are like massive hams, but I'm faster and I know where to hit. I maneuver around, letting him back me towards a corner and get a few hits in. I smile as Declan grabs one of his wrists mid-punch and wraps it around his back, leaving me free to bash in his ugly face. I only get a few good shots in when one of the other quarrymen grabs me around the waist and throws me into the bar. I yelp in pain as at least one rib cracks. Then I'm up, and my fingers are around his throat and I'm pressing him down to the floor when the door flies open and the Peacekeepers swarm in. It's all over in moments. All seven of us are restrained and cuffed. I'm thrown down to the floor, held in a firm grip by two larger men. I know better than to resist. Maura is next to me. Her eye is swelling up and her lip is bleeding but she still manages to wink. The door opens one more time. A pair of high heeled boots step into the pub. Black leather, very expensive and fashionable. They walk slowly towards us, ringing out a slow cadence against the floor. The men holding me down loosen their grip slightly as they salute and I manage to crane my neck up to see her face. Aw, shit. "Well, well, well." Dido Castremi, Victor of the Thirty-Ninth Hunger Games, looks down in amusement. "I think we may have gotten ourselves into a bit of trouble with the Headmistress."