pretty green dress with a head band in her hair and a smile on her face when she asked him to the Harvest Ball at the school they shared. He said no. She was wearing the pretty green dress with a head band in her hair and a smile on her face when the Peacekeepers tied him to the whipping post and tore his back open. No one ever says no to her. The tears came easy when she told the lie, her lips quivered just the right amount when she told her daddy about the peasant boy who asked her to the ball and then assaulted her when she turned him down. No one will ever tell her 'no' again. Her smile grows just a bit more as she listens to him scream. She's wearing a pretty green dress with a head band in her hair when her name comes out of the reaping ball. But this time, the smile is worn by her classmates. D9M He hadn't realized just how much his district hated gay people until now. D10F Her father is a hunter. Deer, mountain cats, wild goats. And other, more intelligent prey. They call themselves the Anasazi. He calls them vermin. They should be stamped out and exterminated like the treacherous, diseased swine they are. But the Capitol has decided that they still have use for them, so he and his buddies go up into the mountains on their days off, tracking the ones who are so poor and desperate that they'll risk the dangers of the borderlands to grub for a bit of food. He'll come back from those trips with a goat slung between branches and a new pretty turquoise necklace for his daughter. They're just animals. Vermin. Prey. But he forgets until reaping day that the prey can be just as patient as the hunter until they're ready to bare their claws. D10M They have to pick two. The girl is an easy choice. The boy less so. They'll pick a Settler. Ten Anasazi kids go into the Games for every Settler, so it's time to even the score a bit, even though there are plenty of troublemakers among their own people who might deserve to go in more. This is their one chance to save their own for a year and they're not going to waste it. The few Anasazi who work in the Settlements pick out the likely choices and finally they come to an agreement. An eighteen year old. Broad, strong and capable. He's not supporting a family, no disabilities. He might have a chance. They have to send someone in, and the only honorable thing is to choose one who might make it back out. The final approval comes from their only Victor. She looks at the name and the picture, closes her eyes and gives a heavy nod. 18,315 days pass between the burial and the day the Capitol bombs the markers into rubble. The Victor makes sure that his grave is covered with fresh flowers for all of them. D11F She volunteers because no one in District 11 is guaranteed a long life, but she can give herself a meaningful death. She has nothing else left. D11M They hadn't planned it. He had never seen her before she called out to volunteer and replaced the sobbing fifteen year old on the stage. He smiles to himself. It's too perfect. He almost falters when they call up the boy. It's the son of his own overseer. The scares on his back, the ones he received at nine and the ones he earned last week and all the ones in between twitch. The call goes up for volunteers. He almost doesn't do it. He feels the pleasure fill his chest at the sight of the little boy who so closely resembles his father shivering on the stage. But that's what they want, isn't it? And if there's one thing he'll never do, it's give the damn Capitol what they want. So he calls out and volunteers and his district partner looks at him in disbelief, then understanding, then pride, and the emotions are mirrored in the faces of their district, and for the first time in a quarter century the cheers are real. D12F Her cat follows her up on the stage. She cries because she knows at least something will miss her. None of the Community Home kids come to say goodbye. The matron stops by to hand over her rag doll. It's a district token, she says. As good as any. When she dies a few hours into the Games, the commenter even gets her name wrong. In the Community home, her bed is already filled by a new girl with a new name. A thin, calico cat winds its way between the straw mattresses, mewling for its master until someone breaks its neck and takes it to the kitchens. D12M He's a Community Home kid too, but he has friends and a grandmother in the Seam, even though she can't afford to take care of him and his sister. He never finds out why he was chosen. He asks his escort, and she says she doesn't know, but he should be honored that his district chose him for such an important Games. He talks to himself through the parade and training. He tells himself that he won't forget who he is. He likes squirrel stew. His favorite color is purple. His sister has grey eyes. His grandmother came from District 5. He's the fastest runner in his class. He's still talking when the gong sounds. "My name is-" he says and then he dies. He had a name, and a family, and hopes and dreams for a future. He goes into the Capitol records as Hunger Games death #558. AN: To find out who wins the First Quarter Quell, check out Chapter 26 of The Victors Project. I hope you enjoyed the piece. Review either way!