"What?" Katniss asked, being taken aback by the strange request. "I…um, I guess that's fine. But I'm going to put them on behind the trees so you don't see me." "That's perfectly alright. It would be unbecoming to ask anything else of a lady." Peeta said happily. Flustered, Katniss ducked behind a grove of trees, shedding out of her breeches and tunic, and into the strange dress. It was puffy, heavy, and had to be laced. But somehow, (with the helpful hand of some squirrels), she was able to get into the strange garment and shoes. She waddled out to him, and he smiled widely, his summer blue eyes sparkling, a boyish flush filling his cheeks. He smiled, truly joyful. "I knew that it would look becoming on you. But of course anything would look good on you. You truly are beautiful, Katniss." Peeta said happily, dipping his head lightly to the side, his blonde curls catching the light just right. "I'm not." Katniss muttered, "I'm not beautiful at all, especially not in this strange dress." That was when he grasped her hand, causing her to again be filled with that tingling feeling in her gut as he began to pull her along. "Where are we going?" Katniss demanded and Peeta just laughed. "I'm going to show you something." He said, "But before that would you let down your hair, fair maiden?" For the same reason as she had accepted all of his strange gifts and enjoyed her hand in his, she let down her hair from the braid that held it back, letting her curls out as they walked at a brisk pace. They didn't talk as Peeta pulled her through the woods, Katniss began to be more and more distressed as the trees thinned, and light filtered in between. She had never been outside the forest. Certainly as soon as the humans saw her she would be killed! "What are you doing, I can't-" "We're just going for a walk." Peeta explained, and then, light flooded her eyes. A grass knoll, and then, sprawling before was a village, but unlike any she had ever seen before. With a smile Katniss knew in her soul she could fall in love with, Peeta laughed. "Welcome to my home, Katniss." Peeta said, continuing to try to lead her forward however she stood there completely still. "If I go there they'll kill me!" Katniss hissed and Peeta shook his head. "Here, just hook your arm through mine." Peeta promised, "I want to show you something." "Why should I?" Katniss asked and Peeta shrugged. "I don't know, haven't you ever wanted to go on an adventure?" Peeta asked, and Katniss gaped at him. Adventure? What a stupid thing to think about. She had been concerned about providing for her family, not thinking about going on a grand adventure. But…she thought to herself, looking at Peeta's earnest expression, what could it hurt to humor him? Then, perhaps, he would leave her alone. "They won't…know?" She asked nervously, looking around. "They won't even suspect." Peeta said soothingly, "Come on!" He offered his arm, which Katniss took hesitantly. They walked together through grasslands where sheep and goats grazed, leading into the city. Every step, people greeted Peeta with respect, bowing their heads giving him smiles. Of course, she wasn't blind to the looks they threw her. The humans stared at her in confusion, but not suspicion or anger. "Why do they keep doing that?" Katniss asked confused and Peeta smiled sheepishly. "I'm the Count's son." He explained, "So my family's the ruling family of this area." "Oh." Katniss answered almost awkwardly, suddenly uncomfortable with the fact that she barely knew anything about Peeta, and even more uncomfortable with the fact that she cared. "Are we almost there?" She asked, looking at their strange dwellings and buildings. "Almost." Peeta humored her, continuing to walk at a leisurely pace. They continued to pass buildings until they were out of the town again, down another grassy knoll; until finally they arrived in a meadow, and there already set was another basket and blanket. "You're kidding." Katniss finally laughed at the sheer stupidity of this whole day so far, "You dragged me into mortal danger, just so you could force me to go to a picnic?" "Yep. I'm a hopeless romantic, and besides, you were never in danger. I owe you my life, I would never make you go through anything dangerous." Peeta explained, "Do you want any cheese buns? Something to drink?" Katniss finally just gave up, breaking down into laughter, clutching her gut as tears threatened to roll down her cheeks. This was just so ridiculous! She was sitting here, sharing food with a human. Who would've expected that to happen? Peeta just continued to smile, and she knew for a fact that he would continue to bug her forever if she didn't humor him. After all, it seemed like he hadn't been the one captured, she was. There was no other explaination, because what else could cause a lamb to ask for company from a wolf. "Fine! Fine, I give up!" She said, raising her hands in defeat. "Hand me some of that delicious bread." "Perfect. Would you like some wine with it?" He asked, "Or perhaps some tea?" "Tea." Katniss said, as he poured some for her, and then for himself. He raised his glass to her with a smile. "To us?" He asked and Katniss clinked her glass against his. "To us." When elf!Katniss met Peeta! Such a delightful tale, isn't it? Also, my first time ever writing Everlark. I hope I didn't let anyone down! This is a companion fic to my other story, Adrift, which features Katniss and Peeta as minor characters. Review if you'd like me to continue this fic, or if you'd just rather be a stand alone oneshot. It's not necessary to read Adrift first, but it would certainly be helpful. So go check it out! And until next time~OMGitsgreen