so every generation would learn that lesson before it was too late." He locked his eyes with mine and stared straight into my soul. Even if I had wanted to I couldn't look away. "You have a personal vendetta against me, and I understand that. You have flashbacks, don't you?" I was silent, but I knew I couldn't hide anything from those icy blue eyes. "You see them dying, every single day. I'm sure sometimes it isn't just your friend Lexie or that boy James. I'm sure you see little Primrose, or perhaps your best friend Katniss, burning in front of your eyes. Maybe its Mr. Hawthorne who dies while you watch helplessly from the sidelines. You re-live the games every single day, am I right?" I didn't answer him. He was right. I saw everyone I loved die in the games, and sometimes, it was even I who killed them. I couldn't stop the dreams. I couldn't even fight them. The real flashbacks were the worst, and they could be set off by anything. I would never admit it, but he was absolutely right. "You don't have to acknowledge it. I know it's true. You're strong Sydney, stronger than most. You make the perfect victor, and I am proud of myself for creating you." My head snapped up from the floor and I glared at him. "You didn't create me. You don't control me." "Ah…but that's where your wrong." He said slowly. "You may not understand my methods, but I have ensured that I will always be remembered. Everytime you close your eyes, you think about those games. Every time Ms. Everdeen tries to go to sleep, she will watch little Rue die or see herself murder the boy from district two. Every time Peeta Mellark has one of his tracker jacker flashbacks, or when Primrose screams in agony at her pain, I'll be remembered. Every single person in Panem will know who I am for generations to come, and that's the goal of being in power isn't it? To be remembered for your actions? I control you and everyone else because I'm in your thoughts and feelings, and most importantly, in your memories, and I will be for the rest of your life." "You're disgusting. You call yourself a leader, but all you care about is yourself. The leader of this nation should be someone strong and selfless. Someone who truly wants to help the people of Panem, instead of men and women like you and my mother, who only seek power for their own twisted, selfish reasons." "You mean someone like you?" He smirked. I rolled my eyes at him. I would never be President. The closest I would come to leading the people would be to sit on the general's council. I had my fifteen minutes of Presidential fame, and I had hated every second of it. "You may scoff at the idea now, but you never know. Power has a certain appeal that you'll find hard to resist. Having the ability to do as you please is a pleasure that few people will come to know." "Yeah, thanks to you. Most people don't know what free will is." "You'll come to find, Ms. Harper, that leading a nation isn't as easy as you seem to think it is. You'll soon see that no matter how hard you try to eliminate it, there will always be corruption. People want power, and they'll do anything to try and take it. You always have to look out for yourself. Watch your own back, because no one else will. There will be people who will try to overthrow you, and you have to prove to them how powerful you are. The Hunger Games were my method, and you'll have to choose yours carefully. I know you disagree with how I ruled Panem." I scoffed and crossed my arms. He got one thing right. "But it was necessary, and the people obeyed. Free will is a dangerous thing Ms. Harper. Some people don't deserve to think for themselves, and others just can't handle it. They're like sheep. Take away the shepherd and they roam around aimlessly until something kills them or they find a new person to follow." "Everyone deserves a chance to make their own decisions." I got up and typed the code in to open the door. I was done with this conversation. It was clear that there was no justifiable rhyme or reason to what Snow had done. He actually thought he was doing the people a favor. The man was evil, plain and simple. "I don't even know why I came here." I said. "You came here for answers, and I didn't give you the ones you wanted. I'm sorry, but I thought you deserved the truth. You can argue with me all you want, but those are my reasons, so take them or leave them." I shook my head and laughed at him. "Burn in hell, Snow. And tell my mother I said hello when you get there." I turned and began to walk out the door. "Tell the future Mr. and Mrs. Mellark I send my regards and congratulations!" I turned on my heels and glared at him. How did he always seem to know everything? Even when he was a prisoner, he was one step ahead of us. "Here's to hoping their children have a better life than they did. Here's to hoping that our new leader is just and strong, and nothing like me. Here's to the beginning of democracy, and the end of an era." He spread his arms out wide and dipped his head in my direction. "O and Sydney, watch out for your friend Kane. His ability to deceive and manipulate are paralleled. He did learn from the best after all." I clenched my jaw and my thoughts went back to the control room. President Snow gave me one final smirk, and the metal door slid shut behind me.