around her?" Before anyone else could say anything Annie opened and closed the door, slamming it so loud that everyone in the house went silent. Annie didn't say anything, she just walked up the stairs, and closed her door and locked it. She put the fresh linens on her bed, tucking them in on the right side and then the left side, right to left just like what was normal. Then she put on her blankets and covers. After that Annie pulled out all of the clothes she had washed from her hamper, refolding and putting some in the delegated spots, hanging others in her closet. Then she took off the clothes she was wearing, putting on her robe and grabbing her towel, she walked into the bathroom ignoring the yelling from downstairs and tapping the door as she entered. She made sure to turn the shower on then off then on to make sure the water was clean before allowing the water to warm up. Showering was always a process, she lathered right side of her head and rinsed, then the left side, before repeating both twice. Then she smoothed in her conditioner, after this she used her soap to lather from her feet to her neck before making sure to rinse off in the exact order she had done so. Finally she rinsed her hair out completely. After this she dried off in the same order she had rinsed off and soaped up, making sure to dry off thoroughly so she would slip and hurt herself and then have to go to the hospital because that would burden her parents, before putting on her robe. Then she took her electric toothbrush squeezing out a pea sized dollop of tooth paste neatly upon her brush before starting her timer and brushed for one minute and thirty seconds before flossing each tooth twice and rinsing with Listerine for forty-five seconds and had wiped her toothbrush on her specific toothbrush towel, and wiped clean the toothpaste from the tip of the tube, making sure that no toothpaste would congeal there before screwing on the cape and placing it back in its spot then she washed her hands thoroughly shescrubbedwithexfoliatingcreamrinsedsquirtedexactlyonetwopumpsofantibacterialsoapintoher palmslatheredforacountofonetwothreefourfivesixseveneightninetenbeforerubbingoverallthesurfaceofherhandmakingsuretogetunderhernailsdigdigdigdigbeforerinsingoffandthenshewalkedbacktoherroomandfoldedherrobeandputitinthelaundryhamperandthenputonuunderwearandthenherpajamapantsandhershirtandlookedatherbedand And And Her stomach dropped and she felt the mind wasps swarm her brain because something was missing something was missing. What hadn't she done? What hadn't she done? She retraced her steps in her brain, clapping her hands over her ears to focus. Onetwothreefourfivesixseveneightnine eight is good, seven is bad because it is odd and prime, but nine is okay because it is divisible by three, she made the bed, with her sheets and covers, put away her clothes, put on her robe and grabbed her towel, she washed her hair right to left and her body from down to up because that was right and dried from down to up and had brushed her teeth and flossed and used Listerine and then she had washed her hands and then gotten dressed and then she was here and she was here and she was here. Annie's eyes caught the side of the bed, where her pillow case lay on the floor. She hadn't put the pillow case back on her pillow. How could she have been so stupid? She broke the routine. She broke her routine. A sob broke from her throat as she fell to her knees clutching the pillow case. She didn't want to repeat all of that again because she was so tired and she just wanted to stop but she couldn't she couldn't or else everything she had tried so hard to keep would slip from her grasp and she was so sorry Kai, I'm so sorry I'm like this I would do anything anything anything to change because I know it's not normal I know I'm not normal and my thinking isn't normal and everything is wrong wrong wrong and out of control and I'm so sorry I'm so sorry. I'm coping not controlling I just want to be in control I don't want it to control me. 10:06. She went to bed. I don't have anything against theater majors. So this is…different. I tried to take a swing at a "mad" Annie Cresta…except she isn't really mad. Insanity is doing something over and over and expecting a different result. Annie is perfectly aware that what she is doing won't change anything. In fact she is aware that her thinking and reaction is complete unreasonable. This was actually extremely difficult to write, but very rewarding. Especially the end. I would like to point out a few things to take note of. First off, Annie does in fact have OCD though it is never explicitly stated. If that was a spoiler for anyone, I'm extremely sorry. I tried my absolute hardest to make Annie's symptoms as realistic as possible, though I in no way suffer from this terrible and debilitating condition. Though I have done plenty of research. If any wishes to make recommendations or leave feedback, please do! Keep in mind that this is a work of fiction however. Second off, this story shall be continued. And it will end up being the fluffy happy Odesta romance that everyone loves me for. SORRY NOT SORRY YOU CAN'T STOP THE MOTION OF THE OCEAN OR THE SUN IN THE SKY P.S It's my birthday so I can do whatever I want. I can even ignore the fact that I desperately need to update RY and start another short Odesta fic. I can also make cracky ANs. That's what everyone also loves me for…right? Right? If this is the first time you've ever read one of my fics, welcome! AND YOU AND YOU AND YOU YOU'RE GONNA LOVE ME! P.S.S The title "Little Stars" is a reference as well as "Violent Delights". But a reference to what? So many references who can catch them all? Duh duh duh... Please leave a review, and until next time ~OMGitsgreen