am a cripple of a man. It will not tarnish your reputation I believe." Mr. Odair said shortly, "Think of me as a dog who follows you by the lead." "Very well, Mr. Odair." Annie said, standing up, brushing her skirts before holding out her arm, which he took. Annie walked down the stairs carefully as she was trying to be considerate of Mr. Odair's disability, but Mr. Odair surprised her as he trailed his fingers on the railing, but made it to the foyer of the manor and out the door with ease, taking purposeful strides with Annie at his side as they began to walk up the lane. For a while they were quiet, a strange agreement passing between the two of them as birds overhead called between the trees that were golden in the warm sun, and a fresh breeze lifted the air of the moor. Mr. Odair tipped his head back as if attempting to drink in the sun's rays like a young God sipping ambrosia. His steps became lighter, his stature taller, and his complexion more colored as if the outdoors breathed life back into his sickened body. As others walked by, they looked for a moment as if surprised before calling out to Annie with their greetings before continuing on with their work. They were almost to Annie's home when Finnick stopped for a moment and leaned by the fence, breathing heavily. "Mr. Odair, how about we return to your home?" Annie offered before Mr. Odair gave her a sad smile. "Would you find me silly if I told you that in my dreams I fancy myself a demigod?" "A demigod?" "From Homer's tales, those who can do great deeds and acts of superb strength and stamina. Those tales where Gods intervene on the worthy and magic is spun into every tree and rock. In comparison I find this world quite banal." Mr. Odair stated and Annie sighed as they began back. "In comparison I find this world to be interesting and enlightening, but perhaps it is all a matter of perspective and expectation." Annie said thoughtfully as she made sure her arm was interlocked with his firmly so she could help carry his weight. "So tell me then, what do you believe the state of the world is?" Mr. Odair asked her and she couldn't help but laugh. "What a strange and poignant question." Annie observed. "I believe it to be spring here, winter elsewhere, and summer still somewhere else. Men fight silly battles over earthly things, and others abuse their powers. They confuse vice as virtue and virtue as vice, and take appearance as truth. " "I see. Then would you perhaps consider yourself as negative? Tell me then what you think the purpose of this life is!" "Perhaps. I am not as idealistic as my sister, nor do I ever claim to be." Annie conjectured, before asserting, "I also fear that I am often lost in my thoughts. I suppose the more you think, the less ideal a world becomes. That is why tales and tales and our lives are the way they are. I am not divine, and will not be one until I rejoin the Lord in heaven. So you must not expect any divining or anything celestial of me as I will not expect of you which I do not anticipate at all. I have no such answers." "Your view of the world affects your view on your nature I see." Mr. Odair observed, "Then I shall as well tell you of myself as we will be spending the utmost time together in the coming months! I am a man who appreciates the worldly goods and have very little patience for things of the spiritual matter-" "Then why did you have me read such poetry?" Annie cried and the man beside her cackled freely at her distress. "Because I find such things amusing, of course. Another thing is of course I only do things that I find amusing, and have no capacity for doing anything else. So please do keep amusing me as you have, my dear Annie. And finally, I am very much a man in love with the idea of freedom. I attempt to separate myself from the norms as much as possible, so do not find me offensive. It is all in jest." Mr. Odair announced as the continued down the lane before stopping as he smiled as brightly as the sun at her, not as much a cherub as having the enchanting spirit of a jester or the wild nature of a sylph trapped within a body that could not contain his erupting energy as it balanced on the edge of quiescence and excitement as he twirled his cane in his hand before planting it firmly on the ground. "I look very much forward to spending this summer with you, my dear Annie." At that point Annie was quite disembarrassed. A reception of finished politeness would have most likely have confused her, as she could not have returned or repaid it by answering with grace after his strange repartee. His harsh caprice had on the contrary given her the sort of rugged exercise she would need to hone her abilities for the next year of school. Besides, the eccentricity of the proceeding and conversation was piquant and above all Annie could help but feel interested, if not enchanted by this man and wonder how he would go on. This is the 100th Reviewer request for Little Stars, for FandaticForeverAndAlways. This might end up being a fic with the length of approximately Adrift with five chapters, maybe more or less depending. But you guys review and tell me you love it, maybe it will be more. An Odesta inspired by Jane Eyre (I worked in quotes so if anyone spots them, totally call them out)! I hope you all enjoyed, and please leave me a review/fav/alert to let me know you care. Until next time~OMGitsgreen