She was warm and so full of life, the sunlight streaking her hair red across the sheets, her cheeks flushed, eyes glazed with pleasure and love as her chest strained. The moans of his name that bubbled past her lips were so enticing that he only felt him harden even more inside of her. He hummed against her neck as he tasted her skin, attempting yet again to imprint her upon his lips. At that point he knew her body well enough to feel her getting close. So without hesitation he reached down to provide stimulation, and she came with a breathy sigh. Without a word she wrapped her legs around his hips, and lifted up to provide the perfect angle for him to finish and come. They lay there together, breathing hard as they both came down from their ecstasy. Feeling lazy and boneless, Finnick couldn't help but nuzzle into Annie as she curled against him. "Thank you." He sighed, gently tracing patterns into the skin of her back as Annie smiled up at him. "No problem." Annie said before adding jokingly, "Though we can't stay in here long. I promised Mags we would help her with the shopping." "Oh man." Finnick whined, "You've sucked all of the energy out of me, woman. There's no way my aching bones can handle such an ordeal." "Oh really?" Annie asked, a devious glint in her eyes. "What if I made it up to you later?" "How?" Finnick asked intrigued as Annie pressed her lips against his ear. What she whispered was in the Old Language which was rich and heady and oh so sexy, especially in post-sex glow. Finnick raised his brow and felt blood yet again rush down to his nether regions along with excitement. "Really?" "Oh yes, I promise." She giggled before kissing him softly and sweetly. "Now, come on mi amor. A shower is in order. Mags won't appreciate us if we show up soaked with sweat." "I'll be there in a minute." Finnick said, as Annie kissed the crown of his head before disappearing to the bathroom. Finnick sat up in bed, and reaching for the phone. Beetee had long since set up a private line for Victors, and Finnick had gotten rid of all of the cameras in his house so he was in no danger as he dialed the number he had committed to memory. But still he pulled down the shades just in case, knowing that his paranoia had served him well on many occasions and not to doubt it. There were two rings before the gruff voice of Haymitch Abernathy picked up. " 'ello?" He asked and Finnick sighed. "It's me." "Ah, sunshine boy. What can I do you for?" Haymitch asked sarcastically, and Finnick could hear the sloshing of drink. "Cut the shit, Haymitch. What you told me about during the Games last year, your proposition. I want in." "You've got a girl now, don't you Odair? Being in this deal won't be safe for her. You told me that." "Being in this world with Snow in charge is what isn't safe for her. I won't tell her anything. I just need to know that there if there is a chance that I can fight for a world where I can be free to love her." Finnick told him, feeling all of the embarrassment and shame melting away into anger that just needed to be used for something because he couldn't wait for the days where he would be too old. He wanted a life with Annie, a real one. Not whatever nightmare they were living in. "Welcome abroad, laddie." Haymitch said with a laugh. "You are in for one Hell of a ride." "What do I do now?" Finnick asked him and Haymitch sighed. "We wait for the spark to start the rebellion." And with that, Finnick hung up the phone and went to join Annie back in the morning sunlight. So this happened in a burst of creativity that took me by surprise. Congratulations to hpdude-4life for being the 500th reviewer of Reaching You! The request was for a further look into Finnick's life dealing with the Capitol, as well as a greater look into Annie's Games, and the sweet angsty fluff that you know and love. Hopefully I did that request a bit of justice. So yes, there are many look backs at Reaching You during this little one-shot, as well as being another addition to the Los Muertos series (LMverse). The most important of those being Finnick's fluid sexuality. I wanted to include this because I feel like a lot of fics that delve into the prostitution aspect of the Capitol make use of this heteronormative structure in view gay sex=bad sex. I obviously do not think that, and didn't want Finnick to think that. Also, a lot of people write as though a Capitol client took Finnick's virginity, even though Katniss in books states that they had to wait a couple of years before he could be used. Obviously this means in Panem there is at least some age of consent, and since Finnick was a popular and attractive boy, he had sexual experiences when he was younger than that. Finnick recognizes that he isn't so much attracted to gender as he is to people, and it's the people in the Capitol that he hates. The subtitle of this fic is a line from the myth of Orpheus and Eurydice. Also I took a lot of inspiration for this fic from the myth of Orpheus, but I suppose in the relationship of Annie and Finnick, Annie would be the Orpheus character and Finnick would be Eurydice. I would like to imagine that one day I'll build another fic and retell that story using Odesta, hopefully I'll get around to it! In any case, I hope you all enjoyed! Leave a review or a fav to let me know you care, and as always, until next time ~OMGitsgreen