what I had gotten into. This woman clearly knew something, or she wouldn't have let me in. The water for the tea was set to boil, and Victoria Clarke turned back around to face me, uncrossing her arms and leaning against the kitchen island. She looked tense, and she was nervously tapping her finger on the counter. I noticed her glance at the clock, but shook it off. "You were a friend of my daughters?" She asked. "So you're her mother." I whispered. "I thought you were dead." "So did Sydney." Victoria was silent for a moment. I didn't want to push her or judge her prematurely, but I couldn't help thinking about Tim and Marley, and wondering how someone could just abandon their children. "I can see the judgment in your eyes, you know." She said. "I just don't understand." The tea whistled, and she headed over to pour it into two mugs. Tea bags followed, and she set one down in front of one of the island seats, urging me to sit. When I was settled, grasping the warm mug in my hands, she spoke again. "You will find, Mr. Mellark, that when you have children, you will do everything you can in their best interest. It may not seem like it at first, but every move you make will be for them." "I have two kids of my own." I took a sip of tea. "So you understand." She said. "When I left, I did it because I could see my husband, Sydney's father, for what he really was, a monster. He is the cruelest man I've ever met, and I didn't realize it until it was too late." "So why would you leave Sydney with him? And Coin? I mean have you met her?" "I have, and if I had known that was going to happen, I wouldn't have left. I didn't leave Sydney by choice. After I had Sydney, her father had no further use for me. He saw that I had no money or power being married to me was pointless. A good friend intercepted a conversation with between my husband and another man where he planned to have me killed." I choked on my tea. "Why not just leave you?" "Because that would've been bad for his image." She let out a fake laugh, but I could see the pain behind the smile. "So naturally I had to leave. The plan was to take Sydney and run away. A friend of a friend would hide us here, in district four." "So what happened?" "My husband figured out our plan. I took Sydney from her crib and started to sneak out, but he was waiting in the living room. He told me that if I left right then and took Sydney with me, he would find and kill us both, or rather kill her while I had to watch, then kill me. If I left alone, he would never pursue me, and he promised to never harm my daughter. So you see Mr. Mellark, I did what was best for Sydney, even though it destroyed me." Taking another sip of tea, I tried to let this sink in. When I came here, I had hated Sydney's mother for leaving her. Now I thought she was a hero. Sydney's family had been so screwed up, but her mother truly loved her, and that much was obvious now. "I'm sorry I misjudged you. I just didn't think—" "Anyone would marry someone so awful? Me neither." She took a sip of her own tea. Her hands shook and she glanced at the clock again. "Mrs. Clarke, if I'm the one who broke the news to you about Sydney's death, I'm so sorry." "You didn't. I've followed my daughters movements since the day I left. Friends in thirteen who knew I was alive helped with that. Then when she got older and the rebellion began, I could follow the news. I saw the Hunger Games, saw her save that little girls life, and I knew that my daughter had become an amazing woman, despite her upbringing. I've never been prouder, and I know how she sacrificed herself to save Panem. I can't imagine how hard it was for her to kill her own father." Something stopped me. For a moment I wasn't sure, but the nagging feeling materialized, and I asked, "how did you know that?" "Know what?" "That Sydney killed her father. It wasn't mentioned in the mission report that he was even there." Mrs. Clarke took another nervous sip of tea. Took another glance at the clock. Tapped her fingers. Shifted her weight. She wouldn't meet my eyes. "Mrs. Clarke, why did you invite me into your house? I'm a stranger. Just because I said I was friends with your daughter? You didn't owe me this. There was no reason for you to let me in, especially if you knew Sydney was dead." She sighed. "Do you remember how I said that as parents we always do what's best for our children, even if it isn't necessarily what they want?" A clap of thunder sounded outside, then I heard a key jingle in a lock. Mrs. Clarke's face had gone pale again, and she sipped her tea. The warmth had slipped out of mine, and I turned towards the hallway. "Mom?" I heard a voice sound from the doorway. "In here." Mrs. Clarke answered, her voice shaking. There was no way. I had heard the voice, but it must have been some sort of mistake, or maybe I was just hearing things. It had to be this environment, this house. Because I was with Sydney's mother, I had heard something that wasn't actually there. "I brought you some groceries." A girl stepped through the hallway door. When she saw me, her smile dropped. A smile I would know anywhere. A voice I would know anywhere. Because Sydney Harper was standing five feet in front of me.