Serena has to make us proud." There that saying was again, hanging in the air. "Will do." I stepped around them, squeezing Jake's hand one more time. "See you." I shrugged, wondering how those other tributes could possibly be sad to see their families go. Finnick accompanied me to the train, and Bobby got on after me, hiccupping and trying to hide his tears. We all sat down together. Bobby's mentors, an elderly woman named Mags and a sharp middle aged man named Clark, spoke with Finnick near a large television screen. Our Capitol guide, whose name was Magnus, took a sip of brightly colored liquid and clapped his hands again. "Well, lets get started then." He said, and went off to tell the driver to leave. As I felt the train shift under me, I looked out the window as district four disappeared before my eyes. Soon we were rolling through green hills, and the ocean was turning into a small slit before my eyes. I kept reminding myself that I would see it again, and then almost throwing up when I realized Bobby wouldn't. "So where are you from?" I turned to ask him. "North side?" "West. Past seventy fourth and through the bayou." He had a slight accent that some of the fisherman wore. He flinched away from my words like he was afraid I would kill him right there with one of the dull butter knives on our table. I resolved not to harm him. There would be plenty of other people who could do that, and I didn't want to have to go home and look those people in the eye every day. "I used to run out there." I said, trying to lighten the conversation. "It kind of smells—" "Like oysters and old clams." He wiped his nose on the back of his hand. "That's my home." "I was going to say like fresh air, like seafood and summer and hard work. But I guess oysters and old clams work." That made him laugh, and I almost wanted to shrink away from him. Thinking about my competitors as real people would make this so much harder. The trainers had always told us to just give them a number. Name them based on their district. That way they're easier to kill. "Alright." Finnick called our attention to him and clicked the screen on. "All of the reapings are completed, so we can start evaluating your competition. For this initial part of your induction, the two of you will work mostly in tandem. Once we reach the Capitol, we'll separate." Images of the other reapings started to play on the screen. A large blonde boy from one volunteered, while I strong candidate from two fought for his right to compete when someone tried to take his place. Those were the only two districts I cared about, the only ones who could offer real competition to me, and even then I was too confident to be shaken. The careers looked like idiots this year. It wasn't the strength you had to worry about, but the intelligence. As predicted, districts three through seven held no one significant. Eight had a girl who looked sharp, like she was sneaky, and I reminded myself to keep an eye on her. Eleven had a rather large kid who could be a career if he were born a thousand miles from where he lived. Then there was a little girl, only twelve years old, who didn't shed a single tear. I almost told Finnick to turn off the screen before it got to twelve. No one interesting had ever come from twelve. They had two Victors in the entire history of the Hunger Games. One was a drunk and one was dead. Their reaping called forth another twelve year old, this one with twin braids and enormous eyes. I felt pity in the pit of my stomach as she began to walk towards the stage. Once again, I would let someone else kill her. Then something shifted in the crowd. An older girl stepped forward and volunteered for her. Everyone in our car shifted. Even Bobby finally took interest. No one ever volunteered from an outlying district. This girl embraced her savior, then walked forward and took her place on stage. "Pause it." I said when the camera panned to her face. The look on it chilled me. She had sharp grey eyes, and her hair was pulled back into a braid. There was no hint of fear or hesitation in her eyes. She looked determined. To do what, I wasn't sure, but there was something about her that made me stop. "What's her name?" Finnick looked at me, then at the tablet in his hands. "You're not very good at following advice, are you?" He said. "What's our first strategy?" "Well, I'm not talking to her, am I? So I asked you, what is her name?" Finnick rolled his eyes. "Katniss." He said. "Katniss Everdeen." The name sounded so familiar, but I didn't know anyone from twelve. It was the kind of memory you have when you read a book when you were little. But I couldn't remember anything from before my transformation. A side effect that I didn't totally understand, but didn't care about as much as the incredible pain I had gone through. "Twelve." I laughed. "Who would've thought?" "Does it really matter?" Bobby muttered as Finnick continued the tape, his eyes trained on Katniss Everdeen. Another boy was called forward, and he looked afraid, but that wasn't what threw me. It was how he looked at her, the girl standing on stage in front of him. It was almost like he was more afraid of her, or perhaps for her. He looked at her like he would never want to or be able to kill her. I didn't know how I knew, but I had gotten good at sizing people up. "No." I answered Bobby. "No it doesn't."