is. She might not be saying it, but I can see the rage in her eyes. She's fierce. After the Treaty of Treason—read by District One's mayor—our usual escort, Crowley Blanchard, walks out and starts speaking ridiculous nonsense in that irritating Capitol accent of his. The video that our President has left for us plays, showing his reaction and telling us the reason why we're here. Honestly, I couldn't care less about all of this—not after everything I've been through. As the video finishes, Crowley slowly walks towards the male bowl, placing his hand in and snatching a slip out of the bowl. I draw closer on the edge of my... standing?-since I'm not actually sitting. Who am I gonna volunteer for today? I stare out towards the eighteen-year-old section, looking straight at this year's female volunteer—Candiss Lorele. She's a beauty. As I continue staring, she looks back and catches my eye. She sends a wink my way, and I'm left speechless. Just a grin is all I can give her, even though I hate doing things like this. It's so repetitive and annoying, but it's calming. It's conflicting, and my indecisive nature for anything just angers me at times. ''Wesley Chanteau-'' ''I volunteer!'' I shout out, running to the stage without a moment's hesitation. As I make my way past the fifteen-year-old section, I get a great glimpse at Wesley. He smiles at me, leaving his hand out for me to high-five him. I don't want to be a douche to the kid, so I give him a light rub of the head. The applause that the crowd is giving me is definitely something else; deafening, actually. I wasn't expecting that. I stare at Candiss as she blows a kiss and gets ready to volunteer. ''What's your name, son?'' asks Crowley, as he stares at me. I give him a light chuckle and then answer. ''Reese Belavaire!'' my smile grows more and more. He rubs his hand against my hair, complimenting it as he goes. I don't appreciate this, but I'll let it slide. ''I hope to see you all in two weeks. I'll do my best for this wonderful District.'' He slowly walks over towards the girls' bowl and pulls out a slip. ''Holly Rydel!'' ''I VOLUNTEER!'' a familiar voice shouts out, and it's not Candiss'! The crowd gasps as my cousin walks up to the stage and plants herself right next to me. ''What's your name, dear?'' Crowley asks Grace, as he eyes her and grows curious because of the audiences reaction. Dammit, Grace, what are you doing?! Is she serious?! She's not gonna only get me killed, but herself, too! She doesn't know what she's getting into. The Academy didn't choose her for a reason! Unless... S-She's plotting against me... Grace..! ''Gracelynn Love, and I'd like to tell everyone here a little story, though.'' oh, no... ''Once upon a time, a kid named Onyx was alive and well here in District One. That was until my cousin,'' she says, indicating to me. ''and that piece of shit trainer,'' she points to Soren. ''Plotted a plan to kill him. Onyx Redwall is dead because of these two.'' She turns to me and gives me the same twisted smile that I've seen her give before. ''You can thank him for what's coming to you, cous.'' she grabs my hand and forcefully shakes it. I stare back out towards the audience and see Candiss staring in complete shock. This was her last year, and it was all stolen from her because my idiot cousin doesn't know the entire story! ''That's not what happene-'' She quickly covers my mouth and stares into my eyes, the glint that shines shows how angry she is. She just doesn't know what actually happened! I quickly remove her hand from my mouth and glare at her, tightening my jaw in complete anger. I calm down and stare out at Soren, who just stands there with his mouth gaped open, with people surrounding him. He nods his head and closes his eye as he motions me to go forward. Without a warning, I slowly approach Grace and give her a sly smile. My steps pound against the Arena stage as I walk towards the Justice Building and enter. As I sit down, I can't help but just think about all of the idiotic things that she's done—ever since Onyx and her met, and even up until now. Even though she's a smart girl, the things she does are idiotic. I just hope that she knows what she's getting herself into, because I'm not holding anything back. I entered these games to win... And that's exactly what I'm gonna do. A/N: Heyy, guys! Ansley here! And Caleb, of course ;) I hope you guys liked this chapter, and hopefully it was sufficient enough for your average liking, or whatever. Gracelynn was submitted by Cayylubb, and Reese by yours truly. This was definitely fun for Caleb and I, especially since it's our first time in something like this. Both of these tributes were definitely fun to write, and we hope that you like them. Both of these tributes sure have quite the relationship with one another, wouldn't you say? Especially since the truth was all revealed this chapter. District One was just a blast to write, especially since they're one of our favorite Districts—definitely more so mine xD Anyways, we'd like to thank you for reading. Especially Caleb, he absolutely loves you guys and wants you guys to love him back. But besides this, we've got a couple of questions for you guys. Hopefully it's not too bothersome. Ahaha, let us know your opinions. Who's your favorite? Why are they your favorite? Do you agree with Reese or Grace? You think Grace should've listened? Any idea on how terribly their relationship has descended? Thanks for reading, guys! We hope that you liked this chapter, and we'll see you all next time. So long for now! Bye! ^-^