and roasted marshmallows with on driftwood spits while complaining about the teachers at school or talking about classic rock music. A guy she could've gone on his father's fishing boat with before going to her family's restaurant and sharing a fisherman's platter with until they had eaten enough fried seafood to last them for a while. How different their lives had turned out, Annie thought sadly. "So how about this. We met on the beach during one of those parties, and hung out but it wasn't anything too serious." Finnick said, spinning the story with ease, "We stopped seeing each other when you went to…" "Capitol U." Annie supplemented. "Right, because we didn't think a long distance relationship would work out. But we were still on good terms. Lost contact for a while, you were going to school and got your degree, and I was working on my dad's boat, and taking a few years off from school. But now I'm thinking about going to college to get a degree in…" "Education." Annie said, starting to get more comfortable with this idea, "And you're here visiting your friends who go to Capitol U or one of the other colleges. But they got too wasted at the bar and you still wanted to go to the club-" "So I just so happen to be there and meet you again. Sparks fly. Your friends tell you that this is fate and that you need to invite me to be your plus one, and after a bit of convincing you invite me." Finnick said, before smiling proudly, "It's the perfect plan. Except…I don't own anything nice enough to wear to swanky parties." "I'll explain that, and they'll jump all over you and volunteer their own wallets." Annie said, "that's the way they are. I'll cover all your expenses, and…what do you think will be a fair payment for each thing I go with you too?" "Well…I don't know. I'm a callboy, not an escort." Finnick muttered, "Well…normally people are charged 300 dollars per hour, and I get 200 per day. So…200?" "No way. I have to pay you more than that." Annie said, shaking her head, "This stuff is like torture. And besides I'm keeping you from your work and you'll be playing make believe with me. 200 isn't a fair trade." "You're way too good of a person for this town." Finnick said with a cluck of his tongue, "I owe you a favor and you still want to pay me for nothing but bringing you to rich people parties for two hours or something." "Well I don't think it's nothing. Let me give you four hundred per event, and pay for any expenses that come with it like renting you a suit or something." Annie said and Finnick sighed, "If that's what would make you happy. That's the business I'm in." "It would." Annie said, "Are you up for this?" "I was born ready." Finnick said with that gorgeous smile of his, "I'll be able to get into Crane's easy. I know a guy. Just tell me when to be there and I'll be there." "Okay. Now tell me would you like something to drink or something to eat? My treat." Annie said with a small smile of her own. Finnick smiled back at her, and began to talk, giving her a rundown of everything she could possibly need to know about him. It was then that Annie began to think that this might work, that maybe, just maybe, she would somehow be able to convince her friends that this random guy, this callboy she had just met was someone she would go out with and invite to be her plus one. After all, the story they were spinning had to be easier to believe then the real one, because the truth was stranger than fiction, and even though neither of them probably believed that this would work, they were just going to have to make it work. She was just going to have to pretend to be in love with Finnick Odair, and Finnick Odair was going to have to pretend to be in love with Annie Cresta. And all she could do at that point was to hope for the best. So this is a thing I may or may not finish eventually. ...I've got a lot on plate right now guys. It's like for real an issue. I always dig myself into these holes and now I'm in o deep think I'm halfway to the center of the earth and dinosaurs and Josh Hutcherson are gonna jump out because that's how big this effing hole has gotten. Anyways... Fandom4lls was a fundraiser that I was invited to take a part of even though I'm not sure I'm half as good as formulating words in my brain space as most of the other contributors but you know what apparently they haven't figured that out yet so we're all good my friends! :) But in all seriousness and mushiness, in being a part of the HG fanfiction community you can just feel the love for these characters and the high level of craftsmanship. I was so honored to have even been considered worthy enough to donate one of my fics to help a cause that is so important that I cried for like three hours nonstop for real because I'm just one nineteen year old chick who likes writing for fun, and the idea that this hobby can bring happiness to others really just makes me feel grateful. If you want to find out more about Fandom4lls please look them up cause their awesome, and I'd also like to say this fic is also the 400th reviewer of RY, GriffindorNay's request which is crazy and I absolutely love you. I hope you enjoyed this very late fic and I hope I did your request some justice. I love all of you, review/fav/alert if you so please. And until next time~OMGitsgreen