you eaten yet?" She asked, "Should I heat up some stew on the stove? Or perhaps would you like an egg and some toast?" Instead of answering that question, he wrapped his arms around her waist, pulling her into his lap. "I certainly do hunger, but not for food, dear wife." He murmured against the skin of her neck. "I need to hold you or I'm certain I will go mad." Annie smiled and obliged, tipping his head up and pressing his lips to hers. Even after so long apart, the taste was so familiar, like sea spray and toffee. They both moaned as she opened her mouth to allow his tongue to slide in, their tongues meeting, as his desperate hands popped the buttons off her dress as he opened it to reveal her bra, allowing the rest to pool at her waist. And then, he hoisted her up, and lay her on the rug by the fire place, kissing down her neck, unclipping her bra so he could lavish her breasts with his tongue. She was crying out even then in pleasure as her husband growled and pulled off her dress and rolled down her stockings. With her own hands shaking, she helped him undress as well, pulling off his many cold wet layers, and undoing the zipper upon his pants and his underwear. "I don't think I shall last long, my love." He said in her ear as his fingers slipped inside of her, preparing her. "It's been far too long." "I don't care…I don't care!" Annie cried, already so wet, so sensitive. She had been dreaming of this since he had left. "I need to feel you inside of me, I need to know you're really here." "So demanding, just as I always remembered." Finnick chuckled, before placing himself there and pushing in. She released a wanton moan at the feeling, tightening up instinctually. He felt so big inside of her, after all, it had been far too long. Finnick groaned as well as they sunk together so naturally, just as they always had. She couldn't stop her tears from rolling down her cheeks as Finnick moved, and she could taste his own tears of joy upon his lips. "Annie, Annie, Annie." He whispered like a prayer, and she wrapped her legs around his waist to allow him to move deeper inside of her. It didn't last long, but it was so perfect that Annie couldn't possibly care. She came as Finnick released inside of her, pouring heat into her belly, and then lay by him upon the rug, deliriously happy. He pulled her close to him, holding her in his arms as the warmth of the fire kissed their skin. "Welcome home, Finnick." Annie told him, listening to his heartbeat, and she could feel him smile against her hair. "Papa! Papa, look!" Their daughter Margaret said, twirling, causing the blue ribbons in her copper hair to shine in the light. "Aren't they so pretty?" "Oh my darling, not a prettier girl exists in all the land." Finnick said, placing down his jacket and bending down so their daughter could rush into his arms. Their eldest, Dylan, who was now eight waited patiently in his seat to greet his father, while William and Kenneth and their identical mops of blonde curls bouncing as they rushed from the other room where they should've been completing their punishment of beating all of the rugs. "William, Kenneth, tell your father what you did today to deserve to beat out the rugs." Annie ordered her two boys who had very much inherited Finnick's mischievous streak, and grudgingly told their father of how they stuck a beetle in the neighbor girl's sandwich. Finnick was obviously trying not to crack a smile at their sons' exploits and gave them both a lecture and treating people how they would like to be treated, balancing Margaret in his arms as he approached the table. He gave Dylan a pat on his head, and Dylan looked up to him with his green eyes full of admiration of his father as he quietly told him about his day and William and Kenneth took their seats at the table as Annie placed their dinner upon the table, mashed potatoes, bread, and a hearty fish stew. Finnick told them all about his day before he asked each one of their children what he or she had accomplished. They all laughed at his stories, before Annie had told him of the funny things the children had done, and watched his eyes lit up when she did so. After dinner, as the children sleepily took to the living room to sit by the radio, Finnick stole kisses from her lips in the kitchen and whispered his love to her, which she returned before he went to go sit in what the children lovingly referred to as, "Papa's Seat." She watched as the children argued who would take the job of rubbing Papa's feet, and smile as she touched her stomach with a secretive smile of her own. Perhaps, she thought, I'll tell him tomorrow. Every day was meant to be an adventure, so one little secret couldn't possibly hurt. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU, HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU, HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR FANFIC, HAPPY BIRTHDAY REACHING YOOOOOU! This is the 300th reviewer request, which goes to sam2zeus2 who wanted a period piece! I hope you liked it! My fanfic for which this is a request fic's 1 year birthday is today! Yay! I'll try to get that updated as well and I believe I should be able. This fic was heavily inspired by one of my favorite movie's "Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day", which stars the beautiful Amy Adams and Francis McDormand, and that movie just doesn't get much love. I hope you all enjoyed, and please leave a review and tell me what you thought! And go wish my other fic Reaching You a happy birthday! Until another tale! ~OMGitsgreen