was the one to find him – how did it happen that the entire District 2 couldn't manage it, but one lone woman could? – he was pleased to see her. Her shoulder wasn't in good shape, though, and was actively bleeding. They needed to get her to a medic soon. Her pack contained the necessary elements to take on their known shooter, and so they hatched a plan. Peeta and Haymitch had gotten to District 2 in a little under 14 hours. Calls and favors had been made, making the trip out substantially less than that taken by Katniss. Thus, they arrived in the light of the next day and he was itching to get right out to Katniss. Haymitch wanted them to strategize, of course, but Peeta was having none of it. She was out there, somewhere, and he was going to find her. In the face of Peeta's clear resolve, they left upon arrival at District 2. They'd called ahead to make arrangements and speak with both the head of the search party and the head of the District. Now that it was clear there was an actual human attacker in the woods, the District would be involving all able-bodied to find the source of the risk and neutralize it. Although Peeta wanted them to get started immediately, the District wasn't in a position to mobilize and arm people that night. So, Katniss had spent the evening out there by herself. Armed and ready, Peeta was searching with teams by the river when they came across the packs of what appeared to have been Gale's men. They were strewn about, having been picked over by the attacker. While not heartening, it did give the searchers a trail to start on. How the initial search team could have missed this was unknown. It was in the light of the sun that Peeta saw the dark red on the boulder. Someone had been bleeding, and not a small amount. He was never the tracker that Katniss was, but his experience in and since the 74th had taught him enough to follow an obvious trail. He came upon them first. Gale was tending to Katniss' injuries. In the scuffle with the attacker, she'd been hit with a stone the size of a large man's hand. Her shoulder looked bad, needing re-bandaging, and she was delirious from either pain or the fever that had started in. She was babbling. "Peeta, it's always been you. I love you more than life. Don't leave, please. Please…" Awesome. He's the one here, working to save her ass, and all she could think of was Peeta. Although he'd let go of the hope of them ever being together quite some time ago, it still rankled that the baker had taken her heart. "What the hell is going on here?" He was seeing red. He heard her tell Gale that she loved him more than life. She begged him not to leave. He wasn't going to walk from this. He'd come too far for her, fought too long against the demons the Capitol had put in his head to walk away from the woman he loved and who he knew loved him. She may love Gale, but Peeta knew she loved him, too and he wasn't letting go without a fight. When Gale turned around, he lost control and launched at him. "You take advantage of her? She's injured and you're trying to scare her into being with you by the threat of leaving?" Gale was clearly injured, too, but he put up a good fight. They were rolling in the dirt, Gale yelling at him that he'd "Lost his damn mind again," when Haymitch pulled them apart. Peeta gave one derisive glance to Gale and dropped to Katniss. "I'm here, Katniss. You're safe." She smiled that beautiful, full smile, and passed out from the loss of blood. "So, are we going to talk about you going crazy back there?" Gale approached Peeta in the hospital carefully, unsure of his reception. "Nothing to talk about. You were scaring her by threatening to leave her." "For the Good Lord's sake, I was not." Gale's patience was lost. "She thought I was you , you idiot. She was telling you that she loved you more than life and not to leave her. Seriously, the thanks I get for keeping that woman alive just so she can go running into your arms, again ." Peeta stared at him in shock. Gale was so clearly unimpressed by the whole turn of events that Peeta did not doubt his words. Katniss had been scared, but not because she thought she'd lose Gale, but because she thought she'd lose him. A warmth spread throughout his chest and reached his face. "Wipe that shit-eating grin off your face. This shouldn't be a surprise to you. She chose you ages ago. Only an idiot would question that." Gale was right. In the moment when he'd seen Gale hovering over Katniss, he'd been thrown back into the cave in the arena, only it was as a spectator. He'd envisioned Katniss and Gale coming out of the 74th, not he and Katniss. It was a fear he'd held on to for too long, that if the Games had been different, that she would have chosen Gale. But, he should have known better. Katniss was slow to open up, but when she gave her heart, it was completely. She woke to yellow flowers by her bed and Peeta's head asleep on her pillow. He was sitting in a chair by the hospital bed, but angled so that he was as close to her as possible. The huff of his breath was so comforting that she felt tears prick her eyes. She leaned over and kissed his forehead. He awoke, realized she was awake and gave her the most thorough, deepest kiss she'd ever had. It left them with hearts pounding. "I love you." "I love you, too"