we first met, instead he should have been drooling. It just didn't make sense. And when I get confused I don't know how to deal with anything. So instead of doing something rash, I glared daggers at him. Katniss didn't seem to notice. She was rambling on about the sleepover tonight. I turned and nodded when I detected a question forming on her lips. She seemed satisfied and kept talking. I was sure Marvel would turn away. Couldn't he see that I was in the middle of a conversation? Apparently not. His dull greens never left my face. He looked caught up in something. And that was when I blushed, for the second time. And I mentally scolded myself. I would not blush over a complete jerk. "Bye Katniss." When I heard her voice subside I felt the need to say something. Because it seemed as though she was done. Even though my comment was directed at her, my gaze never left Marvel. Who still seemed frozen in time, same expression, same pose. "See ya, Glimmer. Come back at, 4:00 o'clock. You can eay dinner with us." Her face was calculating. Grey was starting to unnerve me. I nodded. Marvel still stood there. Good thing he was out of earshot. I have a feeling he wouldn't exactly be thrilled about me staying the night. I waved goodbye, before walking home to pack for tonight. ooOoo "Shit. Almost forgot my toothbrush. No way in Hell am I using one of yours Katniss, never again." I shivered at the memory. That was one sleepover I am not repeating. Even the memory brings a slight feeling, a feeling that makes me want to barf. The details I'd rather not go into. I stood back to admire my work. 1 toothbrush, 1 pair of slippers (pink fluffy ones with a G embroidered onto the left one), my pajamas, ( a pink top with the word; Fabulous. In big, bold, gold letters. My pajama bottoms were gold with a pink bow and arrow on them) a change of clothes for tomorrow, my phone, (which has the cutest little, pink and purple cat on its case) a sleeping bag, (Pink with Golden designs) and I brought some emergency snacks. But I was fairly certain Katniss would have some. I was estatic to see her, her brothers not so much. Especially a certain hazel-haired boy with dull green eyes. One who just happened to be named after a brand of superhero comics. And I'm not taking about D.C. At least I woudn't be seeing too much of him, considering the fact that me and Katniss were most likely going to stay in her room all night. Which for once I was happy about. Hopefully the only time I'd be seeing Marvel would be at dinner. Which I'd be too caught up in to even notice him. It's not that he made me nervous or anything, he's just a class-A jerk. Which makes me want to meet Cato. Because according to Katniss he's an even bigger jerk. Great. ooOoo My hair was in two braids, which fell in front of my shoulders and ended a little below my chest. This hairstyle was perfect for tonight. Why? Because, this was the exact same outfit I had worn to our first sleepover. An emerald green hoodie, which brought out my eyes, with black skinny jeans, a golden belt looped through the belt holes. And the same golden sandals I had worn this morning. I checked my pink watch, the one thing I hadn't had our first sleepover, it read 3:52. Close enough right? I knocked. I didn't want to ring the doorbell, it was late. And I did not want nor need an angry Marvel all up in my face because I 'disturbed' him from something important. Or an angry Cato, because... I have no idea. Or an angry parent! Heck even an angry Katniss would suck. I waited, prayed to God that Marvel wouldn't answer. Unfortunately the odds were not in my favor. There the devil himself stood. He looked at me and I visibly melted into a pile of goop, he scooped up my remain and threw me in the foyer. Only joking, but that would have been seriously Phsycotic. Katniss opened the door, she was wearing the same outfit she had been this morning. Her hair still in its braid. Just slightly more tangled. I looked down, her blue slippers ruined the whole huntress look she had going on. I wanted to laugh. I saw her take in my outfit, her face was practically glowing. "Did you just have sex?" Her face immediately fell. Her eyebrows scrunching together in confusion. "Wh-what? Why would you just- what? Why ask that?" I laughed at her blabbering. "I'm kidding!" I saw her let out a breath of relief. "Still why ask?" "You know that old saying? How you glow right after sex? Well you were actually kind of glowing so..." She looked at me like I was crazy. We stayed like that,awkwardly staring each other down. Before we both burst out laughing. "What? You have the worst sense of humour. Like, that joke doesn't even make sense." She gave me this look. Like I was comtely and utterly crazy. "It sounded better in my head OK?" I was barely able to squeeze the words out between laughs. "Nice outfit." We seemed to be able to finally regain some sense of dignity and composture. "Whatever." I was not going to give her the satisfaction of knowing just how long it took to find this outfit, and how amazed I was that it still fit perfectly. A little tight around the chest, but other than that it really was perfect. "Come in." I happily obliged. But as soon as I entered I locked eyes with someone I had been hoping to avoid. Green was on green and I felt my self melt under his gaze. Shit. This was even worse than blushing.