Valley?" The corners of her mouth curve up. Valley it is. Fighting a war with a baby to protect is the worst kind of torture. He worries constantly that the Capitol will find them and make these tunnels their tomb. When Valencia first smiles it's as if he never knew joy before her, but that's followed by a terror so insanely deep that his paranoia becomes pathological. It makes Leevy crazy but he is the most valued strategist Coin has. More than anything, he needs this war to end, needs his daughter to know air and sunlight and music. Then it does. They starve the Capitol of electricity, running water and supplies. Their soldiers capture most of those trying to flee. By the time the Star Squad, lead by Finnick and Johanna, make their debut, the city is mostly a ghost town. Coin makes a now thirteen-year-old Rue kill Snow. The country cheers, but Gale vomits in his bathroom repeatedly. He becomes very influential after the war. Leevy is happy in Two, asks for another baby, but he says no. Living through a war terrified that every day could bring Valley in danger has aged him; he couldn't do it with two. And even though he's a part of the new government, after Rue he's not so sure about Coin. Peeta Mellark protested the plan so much he was incarcerated, and Katniss quit on the spot. Gale vied to get both of them shipped back to Twelve but now he doesn't trust his contribution to winning the war will keep his daughter safe. Two years later Coin is impeached for war crimes when they find she used child armies in Districts Ten and Eleven. As ten year old after ten year stands witness to being trained to use machine guns, shooting anything that moved, including each other, Gale holds his squirming toddler to his chest and breathes a sigh of relief when she's sentenced to execution. He starts a National Disarmament Program. He doesn't let Valencia ever see his gun. When she's nine, Valley comes to him with a paper called 'Girl on Fire, the story of Madge Undersee'. Something she has to write for Social Studies. "It says she's from Twelve, Papa, just like you! Did you know her?" He gives her Katniss' phone number and downs half a bottle of whiskey. He starts smoking more. Her twelfth birthday is a masterpiece. There is a cake (courtesy of Peeta Mellark) that is sky blue, covered with birds and layered with candles. Leevy tries to get her into a lacy yellow dress but Valley insists on jeans though she allows her hair to be done up. She receives a ton of gifts, store bought from her mom and homemade from her aunts and uncles. She plays with her cousins and sings at the top of her lungs all afternoon. She walks in on her dad hugging a crying Aunt Katniss while Uncle Peeta has a grin the size of the moon on his face. Her papa says, "About goddamn time!" in his scratchy voice. She loves her papa's voice. It's rough like he is, and there's something comforting about it that's better than her mommy's softness. She worries sometimes because he coughs so much first thing in the morning, but mostly she loves feeling him laugh when he holds her tight, the scratchy rumbling in his chest vibrating through her whole body. And he has a special present for her today he told her, and she can't wait to see what it is. Finally, all the guests are gone and her mommy lies down because the day has been exhausting. It's time. He can't remember the last time he felt this way. Maybe not since she was born. Maybe not ever. But he's proud of himself. It's not perfect of course, but he's had it inspected and they all say it's good. Maybe he got lucky. Or maybe he's just lived a thousand lifetimes. She jumps into his arms, a squirming mess of gangly limbs. She'll be tall he realizes with satisfaction. Strong and sweet. His perfect orange in the winter. He hands her the first part and she unwraps it eagerly, though her face scrunches up in confusion when she opens the package. "What is this?" she asks though she's already holding it possessively. "A bow," he answers and laughs when she immediately starts shaking her head. "I know what a bow is Papa, that's not a bow," she says condescendingly. At twelve Valencia thinks everything her parents say is dumb, a feature that drives Leevy insane but he secretly (or not so secretly) adores. He wants her to question everything . "Not that kind of bow, Val. Now open the next one." She tears through the wrapping, pulls apart the cardboard box. And then she gasps. "Oh Papa! It's so beautiful!" She runs her fingers over the smooth planes of wood, thrumming the strings longingly. Since she could first smile, nothing ever made her so happy as music. Still, for a long time he kept this instrument from her. Until now. "Is it mine? My very own?" she whispers. He nods, shocked that he has tears in his eyes. He was sure he had no tears left to cry. "Can you show me? Show me what to do," she asks. He sits in the chair and she scrambles in front of him as he helps position the cello against her shoulder, and aligns her hands against the fingerboard. She drags the bow across the strings and a deep low sound bursts forth, sending a shudder through them both, tugging at the cracks inside him, opening a yawning chasm in his chest. He's used to chest pain these days but this ache he suspects won't go away with nitroglycerin. "Papa!" she whispers in awe. "I - it's so...what am I going to do!?" He kisses her dark curly head and murmurs, "Anything. Change the world if you want." ~Fin.