smile on that pretty face of yours and cotton to the idea of being Mrs. Mellark because it's the only thing that's going to save your ass Sweetheart." "Dammit, I was just trying to say thank you for not being a complete jackass for once and you have to go and ruin it." "You're welcome, I wouldn't be your mentor if I didn't." Katniss took in a deep, calming breath. "Thank you. For helping us get this far. And for the comb, it's lovely. I-I...I'm sure she was too." "She was. She really was. Now don't let what happened to her happen to your boy in there, ok?" Haymitch sighed. "Ok." Katniss solemnly swore. "Good. Now let's get you married. I need a drink." With that Katniss and Haymitch proceeded down the aisle on cue. The ceremony was too lavish and crowded for her liking but Katniss surveyed the room nonetheless. She saw her mother sitting next to Hazelle, Gale, and the rest of the Hawthorne brood. Then she spotted the Mellarks. Mrs. Mellark's perpetual frown was firmly in place but Katniss' heart softened when she saw the baker's misty blue eyes. So kind and gentle like his son. With that thought her gaze snapped to Peeta. She took in the way his tuxedo hugged his broad shoulders and his golden curls grazed the back of his collar. Her father's handkerchief tucked neatly in his pocket caught her eye before her gaze wandered back up to his full lips. Lips that were parted in a rueful smile—he was offering her a silent apology. And she hated that he felt he had to apologize for this, as if it were somehow his fault. Didn't he see that the blame was entirely her own? But all the worry and guilt was wiped from her mind when she saw the look in his eyes. Katniss wasn't a woman of words and so she had no way of describing the look he was giving her, was it longing? Adoration? Love? Whatever it was she felt it in her bones, a sudden warmth and lightness radiating through her, pulling her to him. Haymitch had to hold her arm a little tighter so as to keep their pace, her desire to reach Peeta was so strong. When she was finally before him and his hand clasped around hers she released a breath she hadn't realized she was holding. His hands were warm and though the scars and callouses he had from years of working in the bakery were removed after the games; she could already feel new ones taking their place. Evidence of the work he did with the same steadiness and care he brought to everything. Her gaze flicked from their joined hands to his eyes as the ceremony began. Peeta tried his best to ignore the Capitol official's speech, which he knew would be filled with rhetoric and propaganda and nothing to do with the love between a husband and wife. All Peeta wanted to do was promise to love and protect the woman before him, so while he waited for his turn to speak he studied Katniss. She was a radiant vision of beauty. Peeta would have happily married Katniss if she were wearing her father's hunting jacket and scuffed boots. However, Peeta liked this alternative as well. He found that despite the opulence of the dress it somehow suited Katniss. The creamy pearls contrasted with her olive skin and dark hair. Hey grey eyes shone with intensity and her lips were forming a very small smile, which he realized was for him. The warmth he felt at her small sign of affection moved him and he smiled just a bit wider and grasped her hands just a bit tighter. It was time for their vows and neither of them had never been more nervous to speak. For Peeta it was because the words were overwhelmingly true, he'd always been a goner. Katniss simply feared the words and the promise they held. "I, Peeta Mellark, wed thee Katniss Everdeen..." The Capitol wouldn't allow them to speak their own vows, but somehow Peeta made the ancient words sound all his own. As he spoke the finals words, he motioned for Vick to step forward. Grabbing the smaller band he held it up to Katniss' finger. Her eyes widened when she noticed an engraving on the inside of the band, a small heart with an arrow through it. She looked at Peeta and the question was obvious in her eyes, did you do this? He nodded a yes in reply and Katniss smiled at their small secret. She took the larger ring from Vick's pillow and saw a matching heart pierced with an arrow and it gave her the courage to begin her vows. "I, Katniss Everdeen, wed thee Peeta Mellark..." The vows promised to honor and cherish and even obey, but made no mention of love. She was grateful for that, she didn't know if she could promise to love him. The only person she knew for certain she loved was Prim And she definitely did not feel for Peeta the same way she felt for Prim. In fact, nobody made her feel the way Peeta did. With their vows said and fates sealed Peeta kissed his bride. When their lips met it was warm and wonderful. Peeta's arms wrapped around Katniss' waist as her arms wound around his neck and she felt that lightness in her chest radiate throughout her whole being. As quickly as the spark between them was lit though, it went out as Peeta pulled away. They walked back down the aisle hand in hand and inexplicably the scent of burnt bread and rain washed over Katniss. Author's Note: Also, this is my first ever Fan Fiction but I didn't want to put that at the top in case it discouraged you from reading. What did you think? I'll probably continue no matter what but reviews are lovely and encouraged.