humming "Stayin Alive" under his breath. Katniss jumps off the bed, wipes her brow and starts shouting orders. "I'm running this code. Gale, you're airway. Peeta, chest compressions. Peeta you're keeping this man alive right now, so no heroics, Tell me when you're getting tired and I'll switch you out with someone. Did Ru call a code?" "Yeah, but someone's crashing in the ICU so we'll be short staffed," answers Gale. He's holding a mask over the patient's mouth and nose, but not bagging, waiting for Peeta to finish two minutes of compressions. A moment later, two nurses and a respiratory therapist burst into the resus room with Ru hot on their heels. The room is suddenly loud and throbbing as staff start peaking in to look at what's happening. "I. NEED. QUIET," she barks. "You, in red, his IV is on the left, you're pushing the meds. You, in blue start another IV and try and get labs. He's a 62 yr old male with diabetes and came in with pneumonia. We're 1:45 seconds in - did you write that down Ru? You're gonna keep time. Whenever I give an order you write down what I said and the time I said it. Got it?" Ru nods rapidly, eyes wide as saucers, clearly terrified, but begins scribbling quickly on a clip board. Katniss turns to the group and makes eye contact with Gale. "Ok, in five seconds Peeta's gonna stop compressions, Gale, I want you ready to check for a pulse. If it's not there, we'll push epinephrine and consider a shock depending on the rhythm. Think you can intubate?" "I'm ready, as long as we time it right. Peeta?" Peeta doesn't look up from his compression, but nods. "Say the word Katniss, we'll make it happen." "Ok. Ready? Three. Two. One. Rhythm check." Peeta's hands come off the patient's chest and Katniss' eyes fly to the monitor while Gale feels for a pulse. There is complete silence while they wait for the artifact from Peeta's compressions to clear. In a moment they see fine fibrillations on the monitor that are almost like a flat line. "I got nothing," says Gale. "Push the Epi, no shock" Katniss orders. "Ready to intubate?" They all nod and a moment later Gale has the man's head extended and his mouth cranked open as he pushes the tube in. A CO2 check confirms tracheal placement and then, Katniss orders more compressions. The respiratory therapist connects the man to a ventilator and Gale comes over behind Peeta, while Katniss checks to make sure Ru is keeping time. "Hey, man, how are the arms? Ready to switch?" Peeta nods gratefully. "Ok, Three. Two. One." Their hands switch off seamlessly and Gale begins a fresh set of chest compressions. "Peeta run those blood samples through the iStat and see if we can get labs. Also, check a blood sugar, he's a diabetic. Rest your arms, I want you ready to take over compressions after this next cycle." Peeta grabs the blood samples drawn from a nurse, who now has his hand on the patient's neck ready for a pulse check. The iStat only shows the patient is hypoxic but nothing else. Peeta stretches then goes to stand behind Gale as they prepare for another switch off. He's a little amazed. Codes are usually messy, loud and disorganized, but Katniss is keeping it incredibly clean. After the third round of compressions, when Peeta's hands come of the patient, the monitor shows coarse almost saw tooth waves and Katniss immediately calls for an electric shock. Everyone stands back from the bed while the adhesive shock pads come alive and delivery electricity. Gale immediately resumes chest compression and they wait anxiously for the two minutes necessary before they can check and see if the shock worked. "Two minutes," says Ru, her eyes glued to her clip board. "Pulse check," orders Katniss. Gale's hands come off the patient and Peeta steps in his place just as they see the even steady rhythm of a electrical heartbeat on the monitor. "The monitor means nothing without a pulse," she states. "Pulse check." "I gotta pulse!" says the nurse at the head of the patient. Without pausing she orders, "Peeta, confirm." Peeta steps forward and feels for the femoral pulse in the patient's groin, "Pulse confirmed. Eighty beats per minute. Good job Katniss." Gale squeezes her shoulder roughly, as the ICU attending appears from the shadows of the resus room to take over transporting the patient to intensive care. She seems dazed as people thump her back, and murmur things like 'solid' and 'good code' to her. They all stand around in a trance, staring at the floor and each other, as the patient is wheeled away. Peeta seems to wake up first. He looks at his watch and it's 5:30am, almost time for rounds. He texts his interns and tell them he was in a code and that he'll be up shortly. Then he looks at Katniss and Gale. "Think we earned ourselves some coffee? Maybe a subpar but non snooty danish from the coffee cart?" Katniss perks up immediately. "Tea for me." Gale shoves his hands in his pockets. "I want a cigarette. But yeah, let's get some coffee." "God, don't be gross," grumbles Katniss. "And you're taking Mrs J in room 22." " If the HIDA scan is positive," he mutters. " When it's positive," retorts Peeta over Katniss' shoulder. "Hey. Internist. The doctors that do actual procedures are talking." "God, Gale," moans Katniss, "can you not be a douche for five whole seconds?" "There is a direct correlation between my level doucheness and the success of my surgeries." Peeta scowls at him. "You must have a perfect record." Katniss groans loudly. "Now I need a cigarette. Come on Ru," she calls. The girl looks up, stunned, as Katniss beckon's her and the guys wait, shooting each other death glares. "Welcome to the team." PS: I LOVE new interns :D