She looked up at him and he glanced down. "Are we, like, on a date? I mean, do you like me?" "I'm not sure." Gale answered thoughtfully. He stared into space. "Everything's happened so fast that I can't tell. I think it's too early to figure out my emotions. I'm still pretty numb." "Okay." She said. "I feel the same way, I just wanted to make sure it was mutual." "Yeah. We're just two friends hanging out." Gale said wrapping an arm around her shoulder, his other hand still held hers. Delly turned the volume up as President Snow came onscreen. The anthem played and Snow was followed by a young boy in a white suit holding a wooden box. The President gave a brief speech on the Dark Days, the laws of The Hunger Games and how that every 25 years the anniversary would be marked by a Quarter Quell; a glorified version of the Games with some sort of tie in to the rebellion. President Snow began with telling about past Quarter Quells. "On the 25th anniversary, as a reminder that their children were dying of their choice to initiate violence, every district was made to hold an election and vote on the tributes who would represent it." He began. "That's sick." Gale muttered. "Forcing people who to sacrifice." "It must have been horrible know that you were chosen." Delly said softly. "On the 50th anniversary, as a reminder that two rebels died for each Captiol citizen, every district was required to send twice as many tributes." Snow continued. "Worse odds, 42 kids went in, one came out." Gale said. "And it was our very own Haymitch Abernathy." "No wonder he drinks so much." Delly said. "It must be to drown his sorrows. I can't imagine watching 41 deaths, knowing that three people from your home died so you could live." Her stomach turned as the President cleared his throat. "And now we honor our third Quarter Quell," The young boy in white stepped forward with the box, opening the lid. There were rows of upright envelopes, yellowed from age; enough Quarter Quell ideas for centuries to come. Gale tightened his grip on Delly as Snow pulled out the envelope marked with a clear 75. He ran his finger under the flap and read from the paper. With no hesitation he read, "On the 75th anniversary, as a reminder to the districts that brother turned on brother, and friendship was forgotten, family and friends of former and existing tributes will be reaped. Age limit will be lifted to 25." The camera panned to the audience, their faces baffled and quizzical; trying to figure out what the President was saying. Delly figured it out first, throwing her face into Gale's chest. She began screaming, loud and long. Gale heard the muffled sounds and then realized what it meant. Friends and family of former and existing tributes. When Delly stopped screaming she was sobbing. Her throat felt raw, what was left of her voice quavered. "It's just of Katniss and Peeta." She said sniffing between words. "Haymitch's family is dead, he has no friends." Gale stroked her hair. "I'm going into the arena." "No you're not." He snapped. Gale held her shoulders so she looked at him. "I don't know how this will end up, but you are not going to leave Delly, you are not going to die." "Gale," Delly said, voice thick. Her eyes were puffy and pink, cheeks stained with tears. "The only other girl that might possibly be reaped is Prim. I don't know-" "Katniss had friends Delly, you won't be the only girl." Gale said. Delly clamped a hand over her mouth. "What is it?" He asked shaking her by the shoulders. Tears fell down her face as she looked him in the eye. "They lifted the age limit to 25." She choked out. Delly broke into sobs, crying on his shoulder as Gale understood. He rubbed her back as she clutched the fabric of his shirt in her hand. "We'll figure this out." He said. It was a hopeless promise. ... Cato was watching and knew it was because of him. The President could kill Delly and Cato would still have to hold up his end of the bargain. Getting rid of her, his hope, and giving the Capitol a fun Quell all in one neat little package. Cato knew he had to see her, he'd be mentoring this year and maybe he could talk to her. Snow called later that evening to say that Delly wouldn't be visiting him anymore. Cato got into another fight. Only she wasn't there to fix him this time. -The Reaping- The Reaping day was terrible. It was terrifically hot for a day in March, nearly 102 degrees Fahrenheit. The stage had two roped off sections for the few possible-tributes. In the boys' section stood Peeta's brothers, Gale, Rory, and Delly's brother Ben. In the girls' section stood Prim, Delly, Leevy, and Madge. Effie wore a blue wig and a silver skirt with a matching jacket. "Welcome, welcome." She said smiling. "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in you favor." Delly took a deep breath. "Ladies first." She scuffled to the first glass bowl and clawed around the four slips of paper before choosing one. "Adelaide Cartwright." She read. Delly felt the tears pooling in her eyes as she walked forward. Her throat felt thick, if someone asked her a question she wouldn't be able to answer. She could barely breathe. Effie drew the boy's name from the Reaping ball. "Rory Hawthor-" "I volunteer." Gale said loudly. Delly choked out a sob. "Well, well, well." Effie said leading him next to Delly. "And you are...?" "Gale Hawthorne." He said looking straight ahead. "And yes, Rory is my brother." Effie seemed taken back by his sharp answer. "Well then, go ahead you two and shake hands." She said. Delly and Gale didn't look at each other.