us when we get to where we are headed. We will all be staying together for a while, both friends and ex-foes as we learn to grow and heal. As to me I have no regrets about my death, although it's manner was, I must admit, far from pleasant. But I was a useless Career anyway, I was a hopeless shot with a bow and thankfully couldn't even hit Katniss when she was a 'sitting duck' in a tree. Also I messed up my only 'cold blooded' kill and Peeta had to help poor Alia to die. I was just telling her again how terribly bad I feel about what I did to her when you arrived, I hope she can bring herself to forgive me. Some 'Career' I was, all in all I'm glad to be out of those horrible so-called Games, as are we all." The girl tribute Alia Westerman, whom Glimmer had just mentioned stood up and walked over towards her, then took Glimmer by the hand saying. "I do forgive you my dear, like Kavan said about Clove you were only doing what those who had brainwashed you compelled you to do. What's more even though I wasn't a Career I'd also swallowed their lies and I would have happily killed you in order to survive, had I but got the chance, so I can scarcely claim innocence. Of course, like you said, you bungled the job, but I'm certain it was only because of your nerves and lack of experience that the 'kill' wasn't clean. Thankfully dear Peeta was so kind to me. He came to me where I lay bleeding by my fire and we talked as he held me. I spoke to him about my home and family, about how much I missed them and then, only when I asked him to, he took me out of the pain. No my dear Glimmer, I can't hold a grudge against you, eternity is too long for such foolishness. Then the two young girls hugged and kissed each other on the cheek and cried on each other's shoulders. Then suddenly Rue shouted "Thresh!" And standing up began running towards a large male figure who was approaching the group from across the meadow. Repeatedly crying out his name in joy the 'little girl turned Angel' launched herself in a huge flying leap into the giant young man's strong arms. He caught her and held her tightly, kissing her and saying he was so pleased to see her again and was so sorry he hadn't been better able to protect her. Then the pair joined the circle and sat down. It was Clove who began their inevitable conversation and with Rue's support she told Thresh that she forgave him, both for killing her and also for his mistake in thinking her Rue's murderer. Marvel then owned up to that crime and eventually after a number of mutual apologies the trio became reconciled. Clove finally said, "I'm so glad you let Katniss live Thresh, it was very honourable of you and by doing so as a result Rue's told me I can now be certain my darling Cato will soon be able to be here with me. Thank you dear Thresh, you did not know it at the time but you made it certain that my happiness will soon be complete. I'm so sorry Cato killed you, but once he'd seen me dead at your hands a whole army couldn't have stopped him in his fury. Please be kind to him when he gets here, he actually had just cause I think." "You're right in that Clove." Thresh replied. "I let my anger get the better of me and lashed out at you mistakenly." Then grinning unexpectedly Thresh said, "You should have seen the fight we had though Clove! It was amazing, a real 'Battle Royal' and your Cato was magnificent! I think the better warrior won, I'm stronger but he has loads of stamina and more fighting skills, having been Career trained, but it was damn close let me tell you! If I hadn't lost my footing at a critical moment it might well have gone the other way and then he'd already be here with you by now. We'll be winding each other up about that fight for the rest of eternity I bet. I'm glad it went the way it did though, Katniss and Peeta deserve to go home and I'd have been heartbroken to have to try kill them, even if I could. Anway, if I'd 'won' I'd not be here with dear Rue again, which is better than any so-called 'victory' as far as I'm concerned. Thresh beamed and hugged his young friend." Clove smiled back at him and said, "In a way it would have been an honour to have seen the strongest two warriors of our 'Games' duel with each other, my 'old self' would have revelled in it I'm sure and some small part of me would still enjoy it, as I'm so proud of my Cato and his martial skills. But now all I really want is my Cato here with me and for us both to know the peace and friendship our upbringing denied us. I'm so happy to be here sat in peace with all my new found friends." Rue chipped in to say, "Don't worry Thresh, you may have lost against Cato this time round but see if he'll settle for 'best of three', I'll explain in more detail later but I think you and him will have many a chance to pit your skills against each other again in the future, but in a non lethal fashion next time I'm glad to say." She kissed him on his forehead then with her eyes shining with happiness to have her 'champion' back with her looked around and spoke to everyone, saying, "Just Amber Finch and Cato to come now, then we can all move on soon.