slipped the ring onto her finger. The cheer that went up from the assembled encircling spirits who'd witnessed it was deafening, then all of them placed the three fingers of their hands to their lips and then gave them a united salute. Peeta and Katniss, hand in hand then turned to scan the faces of all those assembled and as a faint glow appeared on the horizon Katniss said, "Thank you all for being here, thank you for your love and aiding Peeta and I to heal. We must both get home today as two dear friends of ours whom some of you know, Haymitch Abernathy and Effie Trinket, are also getting wed in a few days and we need to help with the arrangements. Peeta has a lot of baking and cake decorating to do and I'm needed to help decorate the hall where the wedding breakfast and party will be held. Once it's light we'll summon the hovercraft and be on our way. We will see you all again in good time, remember we love you." Peeta added, "Katniss and I will never forget you all and thank you for your kindness. It's hopefully going to be many happy years that we'll have to live together, but now we know what awaits us we will never have to fear death in the way we did when we first entered this place. Thank you all for coming and we'll be along presently. Many Blessings All." Most of the assembled spirits then began to melt away as it was getting very close to sunrise, but a select few, those who'd first visited them in the Arena, Rue, Marvel, Glimmer, Alia, Clove, plus in addition Cato who seemed glued to her side, along with their parents and Prim, all remained. Then there was one final surprise, as Cinna appeared amongst them. He had been standing quietly all the time nearby, just waiting a chance to rush in and congratulate them but not wishing to interrupt their family reunions and Peeta's unexpected proposal. He beamed at Katniss and Peeta saying. I told you I was betting on you didn't I? It's a bet I won hands down and I couldn't be happier. Bless you both. Then turning to Katniss in particular he said; "I wish I could do more, but do you remember the white wedding dress I first made for you Katniss, the original prototype one that was not designed to transform into the Mockingjay form? I happen to know it survived intact and is in an undamaged storehouse in the Capitol. Effie knows where to find it and can contact the Capitol's fashion community to get it sent to you, I would be honoured if you would wear it for your wedding my dear." Katniss beamed at her beloved stylist and replied, "Dear Cinna, the honour will be all mine and of course I'll wear it. Just be sure and have something spectacular waiting for me when I get to 'heaven', I don't want lovely Rue here or my beautiful sister Prim outshining me when I arrive at our Welcome Ball, even though they're both prettier than me." She beamed at the two younger girl's and poked her tongue out at them, cheekily. She grinned at Cinna and he kissed her cheek, becoming solid and alive again, obviously with Rue's help. He replied to her as he did so by whispering into her ear, saying; "A little prettier they may just possibly be Katniss, that's arguable, but one thing is certain, beauty is not only about prettiness. You were radiant as my 'Girl on Fire' and I have a few ideas in mind that will be even more amazing than that. I've been thinking about St. Elmo's Fire rather than false flame and I think we can work with it. Fear not dear Mockingjay, you'll still be the 'Belle of the Ball'." Then turning to the remaining spirits who were still present Cinna said, "Now we'd best return home. We may, just perhaps, see you again from time to time Katniss and Peeta, if you really desperately need us through your lives. If not then in any case you can be certain we'll all be at your wedding, even if we can only be there as invisible spirits. But for now I think that you'll both be fine until it's your time to rejoin us permanently. Don't forget, we are never more than a loving thought away and will be watching over you. Good luck in your lives, Peeta and Katniss, we love you and it has been wonderful to see you again, but for now we'd best all go home. The couple got final kisses from everyone and as fingers of light began to reach up from the horizon all the remaining ghosts departed, leaving them alone in the meadow to enjoy a beautiful, pristine sunrise together. Then they summoned their hovercraft by communicator and made one final joint update recording on their video unit as they awaited their transport's arrival to take them home. Peeta suddenly realised that it would be very interesting to review what the camera had captured using it's motion tracking sensors three nights previously, because he remembered it had been left running on automatic by accident, sat on it's rock near their camp-fire whilst Rue and Marvel had been visiting them in Rue's clearing. And at that time both Rue and Marvel had been in solid 'living' form. That footage if it had recorded anything might certainly make for an 'interesting' TV programme, he thought, grinning to himself as their hovercraft hove into view. He hugged Katniss as it landed nearby, the main cargo hatch opened and their Avox friends waved to them in greeting, then they lifted their cache crate into the hold with an electric winch. Katniss and Peeta both boarded their craft hand in hand and departed the old Hunger Games Arena, feeling that at last and finally all was well!