their former hostility gone. Plus all the other former Tributes were there, those whom Katniss and Peeta recognised but who they'd never really known, from all the other Districts, all standing in their pairs. Marvel then winked at Katniss and Peeta and walked from the clearing's centre over to where the ever-glamourous Glimmer stood and happily took the hand of his beautiful fellow District 1 Tribute. At the clearing's edge all their former rivals and friends from the 74th Hunger Games now formed a loose circle. Then a new wave of Tributes arrived to join those already present, they were those from Katniss and Peeta's second Games, the 3rd Quarter Quell, who'd also arrived to join the crowd. They were all there... Cashmere & Gloss, from District 1. Enobaria & Brutus, of District 2. Wiress and Beetee, from District 3. Mags & Finnick Odair, of District 4. The District 5 Tributes, whom they'd never known. The Morphlings, of District 6. Johanna Mason and Blight, of District 7. Cecelia & Woof, from District 8. The unknown Tributes of Districts 9 & 10. Plus Seeder and Chaff, of District 11. All of them now filled in the spaces in the surrounding circle of familiar faces and stood shoulder to shoulder, they all were smiling at Katniss, Peeta, Haymitch and Effie who were still stood in the clearing's centre. Katniss and Peeta didn't know what to make of it all, but then suddenly an amazing thing happened. As one all their former friends and old enemies placed three fingers of their hands to their lips as Katniss had done all those years earlier when Rue was killed. Then all the Tributes held up their hands in a familiar and united salute to the District 12 couple and their older advisors. Katniss and Peeta smiled back at everyone and in return, joined also by Haymitch and Effie, they returned the gesture around all the quarters of the circle. Then silently all the former Tributes faded back into the trees leaving just the four alone again. Katniss looked around her at the surrounding woodland and said, "You know what? When you take away the violence and fear from this place it's really very beautiful, the Gamemakers unwittingly made this an idylic spot. I hope there are others like it where we are going." "There are many such places Katniss." Haymitch replied. "For instance the wood where you used to hunt in District 12, that awaits you, but this time there is no electric fence surrounding it, no laws forbidding you to enter and no need to kill the creatures who live there to sustain yourself and your family." Peeta said, "So I take it that it's time for us to leave here now? Haymitch you were our wise and wily Arena mentor and guardian, but you Effie were always our escort and not just that but also our teacher and guide, our 'civilising influence'. Are you to be so again, on the next stage of our journey? Effie replied. "Of course I will be Peeta, and Katniss, it will be my privilege and Haymitch is coming too, I can't trust him to behave himself when I'm not around, he needed 'civilising' far more than you two ever did. In fact I'd say he was bloody hard work, but I suppose he was worth it in the end." She smiled at Haymitch, winked teasingly and kissed him. Effie then went on to say; "Everyone you just saw will be there waiting for us in our 'Heavenly Capitol', as well as all your lost loved ones. Your parents and siblings, your old friends, everyone is eager to see you again." "Will Gale be there too?" Katniss asked, causing a momentary small frown to appear on Peeta's face. "Yes, of course he will Katniss." Effie replied. "He and his family are all looking forward to seeing you both again. "And don't you worry Peeta." She went on. "Whilst Gale will always be very fond of Katniss he long ago accepted that you are the right man for her, so there is nothing to be jealous about anymore." Effie went on, saying, "You'll both find that many things are very different where we are going. For instance neither time nor age has any meaning in the 'afterlife', as you just saw for yourselves. Rue only appeared here in her younger form at first because she wanted you to know her easily. In reality, as you saw, she is now quite a grown up young lady and she and Thresh are a loving couple. And don't worry about the family and friends you've left behind either, they will of course be joining us later, when it is their time. "By the way Katniss." Effie continued with a broad smile; "I happen to know that Cinna is most eager to see you when we get to where we're going, he's already had some spectacular new dresses made up for you. He's been working on them in anticipation of your formal greeting party. Plus I understand he's also got some future designs that he is anxious to show to you for your approval. But, I should also warn you that your Prep Team are promising to 'scrub you 'till you glow' before they'll even let you get anywhere near his new creations. Cinna's also got some very nice suits and such ready for you as well Peeta. Apparently he's none to keen on your dress sense and he says you'll need to look your very best if he's ever going to let you escort his 'Girl On Fire' to the celebrations. Some things never change even in 'heaven', as you'll doubtless find out." Katniss and Peeta grinned at her words, then, chatting happily, the quartet walked out of their clearing into the trees, and thence to another place 'beyond'. As they did so the woodland and whole Arena melted away like a fading dream into the mist behind them, it's purpose completed.