door open and close. "Morning baby" Johanna said as she walked up and gave her new girlfriend a kiss before heading to the dresser and began to remove her clothing Katniss's gaze was locked on Johanna's body as she tried to memorize every curve of her girlfriend's body. "Morning" Katniss yawned as she got up and stretched "you want to go shopping today?" Katniss asked as she walked over and wrapped her arms around Johanna's waist and breathed in heavily "what's wrong." Johanna asked as she felt her girlfriends breathing become heavy Katniss sighed "when this is over I am going to quit the agency." Katniss said in a shy voice. Then all she could feel was Johanna's lips on hers as the entire world disappeared. (24 hours later) Katniss and Johanna stood at the top of the Eiffel tower looking out over the city as the setting sun bathed it in a beautiful warm glow. As they stood there Katniss with her arms wrapped around Johanna's waist as she gently kissed her girlfriends neck and got lost in a sea of contentment. Johanna saw Katniss completely zoned out and had a wicked idea. Katniss was brought out of her trance as she felt Johanna's hands run down her side and slip under the waistband of the dark jeans Katniss had put on this morning and settle on her ass. Before Katniss could make out what was happening she felt Johanna's lips come crashing down on her own. Just as things were about to get interesting Cressida's voice came on their ear pieces. " Guys we can leave early the plane is done refueling. Ok, come pick us up at the tower."Katniss said a bit angry at being interrupted again. "Way ahead of you, look up." Cressida said Katniss did as Cressida instructed and couldn't see anything but she kept looking and sure enough she saw a slight distortion near the rail as the blackbird's shields and cloaking device powered down and the cargo bay door opened to reveal a new addition along with a second floor there was also a brand new A-1 apache nighthawk capable of the same stealth movement as the blackbird. What really surprised her were the new weapons systems and weapons station put on the second floor the weapons systems were state of the art including ion cannons, ion torpedoes, rail gun turrets, plasma turrets, and solar relay deflectors. All powered by a new metal alloy shell of uranium and titanium a metal alloy that turns heat to energy and a new solar and lunar panel power relay. " Wow," Katniss murmured under her breath as she listened as Cressida explained about the upgrades. As Katniss entered the elevator Cressida finished explaining about the new private quarters apparently the plane was now using tech to make it much bigger on the inside than the outside then the doors closed and Katniss was alone. She clicked the button for her private quarters and waited for the elevator to get there. When the doors opened she entered her room and immediately lay down to get some sleep before she had to get up for her turn to fly. (Katniss's dream) I look around and realized that I seem to be in a bedroom then I see a figure laying next to me and realize I'm in the bedroom of a farmhouse with Johanna laying next to me and all that matters is Johanna and all I can smell is her And she smells of the forest. I kiss her forehead and I snuggle into her so I know she's there. (Back in reality) Katniss's eyes fluttered open about four hours later to a knocking at her door. She got up and walked over and opened it and almost passed out of the vision of beauty standing before her. Johanna came to get Katniss for her turn to pilot the plane but Katniss was more interested in her clothing choice Johanna had on a sky blue tank top and a pair of dark denim skinny jeans. When Katniss could move again she grabbed Johanna and pulled her into the room whilst kicking the door shut. Katniss pushed Johanna towards the bed all the time assaulting her lips. Soon Johanna was sound asleep with Katniss's head resting on her chest. ( Johanna's dream ) I walk through a meadow and I see her crouched over the body of a young child and then a gunshot rings out as her body falls lifelessly to the ground and the ground begins to shake I run desperate to reach her when the ground beneath me splits and I am plunged into the darkness of a cave then everything goes black. (back to reality) Johanna awoke to sunlight streaming in the windows Johanna felt a warm figure pressed into her back. Then she realized where she was and who was behind her and smiled. Looking at the clock she saw that she and Katniss had ten minutes before they were scheduled to relieve Cressida of the cockpit. (Katniss's dream) Katniss took a deep breath she opened her eyes and looked around she was in a forest she normally didn't like the forest it reminded her to much of the day her parents died but she knew that she was okay because she could see Johanna sitting up ahead playing and laughing with a young boy and everything seemed perfect (back to reality) Katniss squinted as she opened her eyes and immediately became aware of the sounds around her she heard her alarm clock and looked over she had five minute before she had to conduct a weapons check before they got to Russia then she realized that there was a small piece of paper on the bedside table. She reached over and picked it up she smiled as she read what was written on it " hey Katniss, I just went to get ready see you in the cockpit baby girl, - Johanna"