sees out of the corner of her eye as Gale rounds the corner. He probably is going to go looking for Madge or something. There are a lot of students still out in the hallway which is normal since summer is coming soon. The air gets warmer and warmer every day. Laughter booms across the hallway. "It sounds like Cato" says Peeta turning to look to where the voice is coming. "Something's wrong" she says and Peeta turns to look at her with a strange look on her face. "It's just Cato" he says. But she can see on his face some sort of uneasiness. The laughter booms again and she turns so fast that her braid whips his face and she sees him wince. "Sorry" she says but he just smiles. "Let's get this party started!" Cato yells and she honestly doesn't know what is wrong with him or what the hell is going on until she hears the gunfire. There's nothing crossing her mind. She freezes for a moment too long and the next thing she feels is Peeta jumping on top of her bringing them both down to the floor. His head is next to hers and she can hear his shallow breathing and a whimper. She is scared, he probably is too. They can hear Cato's laugh and the quick steps that pass running by them. Then a door opening and finally closing. They don't move for a few minutes until they hear people moving around them. Crying and yelling. They both sit. "Are you okay?" he asks frantically taking her by the arms and searching her body with his blue eyes for wounds or blood or anything. She nods and they both stand up. The hallway is chaos and she can see people on the floor and a lot of blood. She is used to see dead or shot animals but people…that is another thing. "We have to get out of here Katniss…we have to hide" he tells her and she can see the panic on his eyes. He takes her hand in his big warm one. "Everything will be okay, do you understand? Just follow me" he tells her and she must be in shock still because all she can do is nod. They start walking; Peeta has his hand on hers and the other one on the lockers like leaning on them. She doesn't think anything wrong from that action. He seems calm and calculating as he guides them but she knows he isn't. She can feel the slight shaking in his hand and while she is reserved he is an open book. She slips and somehow Peeta manages to keep her on her feet. The small squeak that leaves her lips has them both frozen. Silence is an essential part of their survival right now. She doesn't want to look down. She knows she slipped with blood. All she can think right now is that Prim is in another building and that the older Hawthorne's are not here today because of Posy's chickenpox. Gale leaving before it all started gives her a sense of relief that she never thought she could feel under these circumstances. Peeta pulls her hand and stops suddenly which makes her crash with his back. She is thankful that he is with her right now, because otherwise she doesn't think she would be standing here right now. "Here! We'll be safe here!" he says as he opens the door to their right. She's never been in these classes before. It doesn't really matter. As we enter I can see tons of art supplies and canvases all around us. Peeta takes us back to the room and leans against the closets where they probably have the rest of the material in this art class. We are hidden behind big canvases inside this big room which means that to someone who hasn't been here before we are invisible. The lights aren't on but this room in particular has especially big windows on the ceiling part and the upper part of the classroom. They surely are very helpful when drawing and stuff but it really isn't helpful under these circumstances. There's no way out but the front door. "Are you sure you are okay Katniss?" he asks her again and she notices for the first time that they are alone and that they are most likely spending the next few hours like this. "I'm okay" she answers nervously. She doesn't want to look at him because she knows how she's going to get and honestly in this place there's no way to cover it up. "Good" he says and she can hear something else in his voice this time. Something she can't identify. She hasn't asked him if he is okay and she feels stupid and selfish at having him so worried about her but not having asked him at least once if he was okay. She turns around to ask him and that's when she sees the small smudges of red leading to where he is sitting now. Words die on her mouth and she feels as though she is choking. It's not a massive blood stain but it means that he is hurt because she sure as hell isn't. She looks at him and she sees his eyes squeeze shut. The leg of his jeans has a trail of blood in the back part and his white converse seem to have a line of blood that reaches the floor staining it with a few drops of blood. No! This can't be happening! She looks at Peeta and she fills with dread…please no…is all she can think. AN. I hope you like it! It's going to be very short...and it is mostly written so I won't leave you hanging too long! Also, I tried to contact my old beta but couldn't reach her…so I take full responsibility for my grammar and well, you know! Hope to hear from you guys!