Coin walks in. "Peeta, I want you to go join them in the Capitol." I look at her in shock; she wanted me to join them? Wasn't I supposed to be a mutt in everyone's eyes? I'm unable to sleep that night. Prim's words running through my mind. "She needs you." So I grab my pen and a piece of paper. Katniss How is it in the Capitol? Are you okay? Coin is sending me to join you guys. Your sister visited me today. She reminds me a lot of you when you were younger, except she's more social and a lot nicer. She gave me back the locket I gave you. She told me you don't need your mom, you don't need Gale, and you don't need her. She said you need me. Is this true? I need to know. I need you to tell me. I'll see you soon. I hate to admit it, but I miss you. Peeta The words weave themselves into my dreams, "She needs you." My dreams don't consist of nightmares as they usually do; instead they consist of days in the cave, days on the train, and the day on the beach. When I wake up I feel almost confused, because for some reason the dreams have made me happy. I grab the locket and stick it in my pocket once I'm dressed, for some odd reason I felt the need to take it with me. After yesterday, it almost seemed like a symbol meaning Katniss's love was real. I also grab my pen and a few pieces of paper so I can write letters in the Capitol. They were great therapy. I say goodbye to Delly, Annie, Prim, and even Beetee who had been one of my allies in the games. My goodbye with Annie is the most haunting though. She tells me she's pregnant, but not to tell Finnick. Not until he comes back. I feel a pang on sympathy for her, because there is a chance Finnick wouldn't come back. When I arrive in the Capitol everyone looks at me in surprise, and anger. Boggs is almost furious. Everyone except Coin doesn't seem to trust me. I stand by confused, unwanted, useless, and almost lonely as Boggs furiously chatters to Coin over the phone. It didn't seem one person wanted me here. Not even Katniss. He snaps his phone shut and rubs his temples. I manage to catch part of his conversation with Katniss. "I think Coin had him sent here in hopes he would kill you." I look at Katniss's face measuring her reaction. She looks unsurprised. "I knew she didn't like me." "Look, if he tries to kill you" He hesitates. "I'll have to kill him." Katniss's face drops, dread leaking into her expression. She wraps her arms around her torso. I could feel fear creeping up on me. "No need for that." She snaps and with that the conversation ends. They decide to set up shifts to keep watch on me. They may not have trusted me, but they decided they were going to help me. That afternoon we play a game called real or not real, that Leeg 1 and Leeg 2 came up with. I ask them something I think is real and they tell me if it's real or not. Finnick is the best to answer questions on something about the games. Gale answers questions about home. Katniss keeps quiet most the time, sitting back with a pained expression. If it's not real, they explain what really happened. Most my questions surround around Katniss since she is the fuzziest in my memory. Usually the memories I say that they answer not real to, have something of a shiny quality about them. When it's Katniss's turn to watch me we sit on opposite sides of the fire from each other. We stay silent for most of her shift. The energy between us awkward, just as it has been since I tried to kill her. It remains silent until I think of something and want to know if it's real. "Your favorite color, it's green?" I ask. She nods slowly and pauses before answering. "And yours is orange." I arch an eyebrow not exactly believing her. "Not bright orange, but soft like sunset. At least that's what you told me once." I close my eyes picturing a sunset and smile slightly. "Thank you." I say, though that's not where she stops. She adds more. "You're a baker, you're a painter, you always double knot your shoe laces, you sleep with the windows open, and you never take sugar in your tea." As soon as she's done talking she gets up diving into her tent. I watch her in surprise. Once the tent flaps swing closed I stare at her tent in silence and decide to make my own list for her. Katniss Everdeen. She's a hunter, she's known as the girl on fire, she's the mockingjay, she likes cheese buns, she's amazing at archery, she's the bravest person I met, I use to love her, and maybe just maybe I still do. I sit there all night continuing my list for her. I start to think, that maybe she isn't the person from my memories, she's the person I know I once loved. A smile creeps onto my lips for the first time, in a long time. The feeling is entirely unwelcome, but I know somewhere deep down, I still love her. Katniss You've hardly talked to me since I got here. Do you not want me here? The conversation we had keeps playing in my mind. I made a list for you, like you had for me. I still can't figure out if you love me, but I've figured something out about myself. Regardless of the fact I dislike the feeling, I know I still love you. I shouldn't because of how badly you've treated me, but I do. Please come back to me. Peeta.