I kiss him everywhere I can. "I love you!" "Best Christmas Ever" he tells me between kisses and smiles. Peeta spent the better part of that Christmas in that couch recovering. He was happy. He allegedly felt better immediately after our engagement but it wasn't the truth. He was pretty sick and it took a while for him to get back to his normal self. When Prim heard I had listened to her and that we were engaged she couldn't stop squealing in the receiver for the better part of an hour. She wasn't alone, Peeta was squealing with her of course. We are sitting in the same couch where a year ago that big fight happened. We are not fighting right now. We are just watching movies and eating junk food like we were supposed to do a year ago. I take his hand and start playing with the silver band that is on his finger. You must think I'm an idiot for thinking it but every time I see it in his finger it screams at me MINE and it never fails to make me smile, to know that someone so good is by my side and loves me as much as he does. We got married a few months after the proposal with the summer sun high in the sky. We married at the beach house of Finnick and Annie and Nick was the ring boy. We invited our closest friends and our parents. It was a small wedding but a day I will never forget. I will never forget Peeta's face as I walked to him to the altar. It just made any doubt left fly out of the window. I won't say it has been easy. There have been rough patches and several moments in which both of us thought we wouldn't make it. But he showed me every single time that things can be good again and that as long as we are together anything is possible. I would like to tell you that the fact that we got engaged and that I accepted to get married fixed everything but it didn't. The kids thing is still an issue but Peeta has been true to his word and hasn't pressured me or mentioned anything about it. I know he is patiently waiting and I know that he is going to get what he wants. He always does after all. The rings on my finger proof that. His present this Christmas will prove to that. I smile as I place my hand on my still flat tummy and look at him. He doesn't even imagine the Christmas gift that he is about to get. I just wonder if this Christmas will beat last year's for him. When I wake up it is pretty much the way I did the year before. Snuggling into him enveloped in warmth. "Merry Christmas" he whispers in my ear as I snuggle even closer into him. I sink my face into his chest breathing him in. "Hey" I smile. "Hey" he answers me and my hands immediately start sweating as he looks at me with shiny blue eyes. "Can you believe we are here a year later married?" he asks me. "Is this real?" "Real Peeta" I smile. He's been asking me if it is real ever since we got engaged because he truly couldn't believe that I had said yes, even more so after thinking that he would have to wait for a long time. "Presents time?" he asks with a big smile but he doesn't really is letting me go. "Presents time" I nod trying to stand up but he doesn't let me. "Peeta…you really will want to open up this one!" I tell him with a smile. I know how curious he is and that this is his favorite part of Christmas. So it isn't a surprise that he lets me go almost immediately. He stands up and runs who knows where to retrieve his gifts as I do mine. "I'll go first" I tell him and he arches his eyebrows quizzically. I never go first. "Ok" he says as he places his hands in front of me expecting his gift. "You said that I will really want to open up this one! So give me!" he says wiggling his fingers to me. "Here" I tell him as I place the long small package in his hands. "It's been yours for a while now but I decided to give it to you today…well, I decided to let you know today" I tell him as I watch him destroy the wrapping paper with little santas. I've been nervous about telling him. We weren't trying, we were being careful but somehow it still happened and I was surprised and nervous and happy…all at the same time. "What…?" he trails off as he sees what's inside the box, then he picks up the pregnancy test with his fingers and looks at it in awe. He looks up at me as if asking me if this is real and I smile as I nod. "Are you serious?!" he asks me as he stands up and picks me up jumping up and down. Tears trail down his cheeks as do in mine. "Happy tears! Happy tears!" he tells me as I wipe his tears with my thumbs. He kisses me deeply and puts me down only to embrace me again placing his ear against my tummy and ghosting his fingers over it. "Is this real?" he asks. "Real" I tell him nodding and smiling. Just watching him so happy makes me wonder why it took me so long to relent completely to Peeta's wishes. "Best Christmas Ever!", he practically yells as he proceeds to talk to our daughter because he swears that's what the baby will be. "Best Christmas Ever…" he repeats in awe and I guess I have my answer there. I hope you enjoy it! Happy Holidays to you all!