in that moment both blonds turn their heads in the direction of the window and watch her standing there. Prim seems to excuse herself and kisses the boy on the cheek after wiping the red icing. He gives her two cookies and looks up waving as she exits the bakery. He smiles in Katniss' direction and all she can do is blush. She feels stupid. As soon as Prim exits she takes her hand and runs from there. XOXO Peeta Mellark age seventeen is tired. His mom won't stop yelling at him and his brother Rye who's on the back seat right behind his mother with his headphones on. That clever bastard! She keeps yelling about all sorts of things but after seventeen years of that he's learned to just nod in the right places and never to talk back. It is only for the best. Why had he forgotten his ipod home? He sighed. His mom focused on him now sending him glances from once in a while, while driving. He just turns his head to the right side, as it is really easy being on the copilot's seat. His mom starts yelling at Rye who's gotten his headphones out and turns for a moment to look at him in her anger. His mom doesn't look if there's a car coming. Why should she? The light is green. But that split second where she turns her head to look at Rye is enough for her to keep the car going and not to notice the other car coming on the right side at a fast speed. Peeta knows she didn't see it. "Mom!" he yells but when she turns and is about to yell at him her eyes turn panicked. It is too late. The last thing Peeta sees is his mother's panicked stare and the blinding lights of the other car as everything turns into chaos. He hears the awful sound of glass breaking and metal twisting as he feels a terrible pain in the head and on his right side. Then everything goes black. He hates darkness. XOXO Maybe if his mother had been paying attention to the toad instead of focusing all her energy yelling at Peeta and him they would not be in a hospital right now waiting to hear whether his little brother would survive. His mom feels guilty, that much is obvious…even if he had always thought his mom didn't have feelings for Peeta. His dad can't stop crying. Wheaton's expressionless face is still the same and he…he feels empty. His mother had asked him before going out to drive home but he had felt so tired that he told her to do it herself. If it would've been him driving this wouldn't have happened. He feels dizzy and groggy from the pain medicine the doctors gave him. He said he was okay but the pain was really unbearable on his left shoulder and chest where the seatbelt had embed itself on him and left a big red and purplish mark. He didn't want to sleep, not until he knows. When he wakes up he is mad at himself for falling asleep. He starts asking what happened and Wheaton says that a nurse came out of the operation room and said he would live. When the doctor finally comes out he says that Peeta is okay but still delicate and he is to be taken to the ICU and he'll be fine. But when he hears the "but" coming from the doctor everything turns foggy like out of a dream. All he understands, and he doesn't know if it is because of the stupid medication or if he actually is stupid, is "too soon to know and blind". His mom is stoic, his dad is crying harder and Wheaton is finally showing emotion, his face falling apart bit for bit like in disintegration. He is sure his face looks the same. XOXO Everything aches like crazy. He feels he can't breathe properly and when he tries to move he can't. He can't remember where he is. He doesn't even try to open his eyes, he is too tired. This time he feels a bit better. He can hear his Dad's and brother's voices on the background. Of course his mother is not there. He still feels drained and he soon falls asleep without opening his eyes. "What good is he going to be like that? He won't be able to work at the bakery; he won't be able to go to school. He turned a weight on our shoulders like this. What good is he?" demanded his mother. But he could only hear her voice. "Mother shut up!" yelled Rye. "This was your fault! So stop saying that about my brother! Stop it!" he heard the gasps and then the door opening and closing. "Dad? Rye?" his voice sounded like nothing but a hoarse whisper. His throat was dry from the lack of use. He tried opening his eyes but when he did he saw nothing. "Why is everything so dark?" he asked as he blinked a couple of times just to be sure he had opened his eyes. It was Rye who answered. "The driver was drunk Peeta…mom didn't see it until you told her to…it was too late. It hit your side…you…your eyes…" his father started crying again. This could not be good. He wasn't stupid just tired and he knew perfectly well what his brother was not saying…or more like trying to say. By any means it was going to be easy. "Everything will be alright Peeta" Wheaton said. "We are going to fix this! I promise!" He knew his brother believed it. He knew it wasn't true. "Rye, are your okay?" Peeta asked. To be honest he didn't really know how to feel…or what he was supposed to be feeling right now. "I am ok Peeta" he said with a sad voice. "So…I am…" "Yes Peeta. You are blind".