send so many mixed messages? "Like me," Marvel says, "And that's what I told them." "Gee, thanks . . . " Clove mutters drily. Speaking of strange couples, do you think the rumours are true?" Finnick asks after a short silence, picking at his fries. Katniss, Annie, and Clove exchange looks, sensing a trap — Finnick is the most popular guy at school, if there's a rumour, he'd be the first to know. Clove can feel Cato's eyes on her, burning holes through her head and into her brain, reading every thought. "What rumours?" Annie asks, finally glancing up at Finnick. Finnick gives her his famous grin which Annie rolls her eyes at. "About Brutus Manson and Enobaria Coleman; apparently they're getting married this summer. I'm mean, Enobaria? Been there, done that; so not worth it." Finnick grins at the males and exchanges smirks with Marvel; Annie stabs her plate of pasta with unwonted venom. "Pfft, I didn't waste my time with her." Cato looks up for the first time all lunch, right at Clove, and she tries not to look away. "No one at this school is worth my time." Clove gasps inaudibly and her face goes white because he did not just say that and Finnick mutters, "Not cool, man," while Peeta nods, and she yells, "Hey, Roosevelt, you know who's really not worth it? You, because it's liking doing a baby." And Finnick laughs and laughs and Peeta hides his chuckle and Finnick falls off his chair and Marvel smirks and the cafeteria goes silent and Cato turns pale and she has to run before the tears start — She gets up from the table before Katniss says a word and this time, she knows that no one will stop her. / She escapes to the girls' bathroom just before the tears start rolling. She doesn't know why she's crying — after all, she's Clove Davis and she's invincible and an ice queen and just because some idiot named Cato Roosevelt looked at her when he said that no one in the school was worth his time didn't mean that she had to turn into a sobbing wreck. She washes her face to restore its skin tone when the door opens. "Get out — Roosevelt." It's lucky that she's a good actress. Cato pushes her against the bathroom mirror just like she pushed him onto the lockers not so long ago. "Listen, Davis, we need to talk." Clove glares at him and tries not to think of how hot and heavy his body is on hers and how it reminds her of long, hot kisses and clothes ripping and hands that are everywhere and nowhere and speaking their problems into each other's skin — She forces herself to breathe. "I don't want to talk to you, Roosevelt. I'm done with all this." He runs his hands through his blonde hair in that way that makes Clove want to strangle him and mutters, "I'm a dick." "No shit," Clove murmurs with a dark chuckle. "Are we done here? I have a class." "Just shut the fuck up and listen to me, Davis!" he yells, punctuating the sentence with a smack against the wall. "I'm trying to tell you that I'm fucked up and I use you and you kind of deserve better than that but I'm too selfish to let you go . . . because you're kind of the only person in this world that I can believe in." Clove stares at him; the world stops. She tries to keep her breathing even. "Oh." "And I'm sorry, okay? I'm sorry I got you messed up in this and I'm sorry that I kind of fell in love with you, and—." "Roosevelt, shut up," Clove hisses, "What the fuck are you saying?" Because no it can't be true; he can't be admitting that he's kind of in love with her and that would mean that she'd have to face her feelings, too. He takes a deep breath, scowling. "I want to give us a chance." OH MY GOD — She's having more difficulty breathing now and Cato is staring down at her and their lips are only a few inches apart. "I don't want to be just some toy." He growls in frustration, "Don't you get it? I like you." "It's not that simple!" she argues, glaring back up at him. "I don't know if I'm ready . . . " "Then just give us a chance," his voice is soft now. She hesitates. She thinks of their fights, the days where Cato was attached to Glimmer at the lips, the days where they were nothing. But then she thinks of watching horror movies late at night, the days where he texts her for no reason at all, the way he brightens when she talks to him. She isn't ready to make a choice — "I'll think about it." / "So — do you, uh, want to go to prom with me, Clove?" he asks, eyes piercing her, dissecting her into little bits and pieces. "You're kind of the coolest person in this hellhole. Plus. We get to have great sex afterwards." She has to bite her lip to keep from smiling like an idiot, "Well . . . I suppose I have nothing else to do." However, a small smile is slowly rising and getting more and more full until it's a full-blown Heath Ledger smile and he kind of thinks that she looks beautiful like that. "Good," he says with a smirk, "because I wasn't giving you an option. And besides, every girl in the school would kill to be my date." Clove rolls her eyes but she's smiling because this is what her relationship with Cato should have been from the beginning. "Whatever you want to believe." "They would!" " Sure . . . " "It's true!" / fin a/n: please don't favourite or alert (although idk why as it's obviously a oneshot) without reviewing