yourself in a world full of people that were constantly trying to change you was the greatest accomplishment' He said some Waldo person wrote it, I wasn't paying that much attention at the moment. "Welcome, Welcome, Welcome Ladies. This is going to be a very busy, busy and important next few days. I know you all are very excited and happy so I will get right on with the names!" She called off the names and when she called mine I felt a bit of joy of where I was going. "Alexia James, District Two!" I glanced toward Madge and Katniss and walked toward the District Two train. There was only a few girls there they were all looking about the train and had the same expression I did, worried and scared. I sat down in the nearest empty seat and waited for Katniss's name to be called. "Katniss Everdeen, District Two!" I felt a weight lift off of my shoulders, Thank God she was coming with me. I saw her walk onto the train and scan the girls looking for me. When she found me her eyes lit up a bit she walked, or ran, towards me. She sat down in the chair next to me and we both locked eyes. "I know what you're thinking," she said with a small smirk on her face. "You just want him to have blue eyes huh?" I blushed a bit and smiled "Not, really that would be a plush though, I just want him to have a decent personalty that's all." She laughed a bit at it and responded "Good point," she paused for a second when she heard Madge's name. "Madge Undersee, District 4!" I saw Katniss's shoulder slump in disappointment. I nudged her with my elbow, "At least she gets guaranteed blue eyes and blond hair" I joked trying to make she laugh and I succeeded I heard a soft giggle come from her. I smiled a bit and tilted my head backwards hoping for sleep to come easily and it did I slept then thinking things would be better where I was going. "Alexia," I felt Katniss shake me away from my slumber. "Alexia, Come on we gotta go to our bunks." I opened my eyes and looked at the window. It was completely pitch black dark outside and we were in the mountains. I sat up in the chair and looked around the cabin. It was completely empty from only a few girls that sat around awake entertaining themselves with something. "How long was I out?" I asked Katniss glanced at a small clock and did a little math then answered. "About 7 hours." "Then how do you expect me to go back to sleep?" I said back and Katniss shrugged. "I don't know, you can stay out here if you want but I'm going to bed." She stood up and walked through a small door behind me leaving me in the room. I felt around me for my bag and found it tucked behind my back. I opened it and brought out the picture of my mother. I smiled at her and she smiled back like I knew she always would. I sighed and remembered the sad, sad, day that she died on. Flashback I was only 6 and I knew my mother was sick with fever but she told me not to worry so I didn't I figured, no, I knew she would be alright. When I returned home that afternoon from school and I found that my father wasn't home I didn't worry I knew where he was, (These were the time when I didn't hunt he did.) he was out hunting and looking for herbs for mommy. He left Ms. Hawthorne there to watch mommy. I found a note written a small sheet of paper on the table one I put my notebook down. It said that was going to be late so just watch mommy for a few minutes. I put it down and went into the room deepest in our home where my mommy was kept. She was getting paler and paler now her hair was braided and put alongside her face that was laced with sweat when I entered and closed the door her eyes opened and darted to me. I heard her breathe a bit faster and she smiled when she saw me. She reached out her hand and I went along side her and held it. She looked into my eyes with her light blue ones that started to fill with tears. "Mommy whats wrong." I was oblivious to the pain that shot through her body at the moment I just though it was a normal fever that I had sometime not what she had. "Nothings wrong baby girl just mommy is gonna go to heaven." I was puzzled at her words and thought for a few seconds before I figured out what she was saying. "No...Mommy you can't go to heaven you said that everything was going to be fine, you can't leave me mommy I need you." I said feebly she smiled and kissed my hand before saying her last 10 words, "Just promise me you'll be good and wear a dress." I watched her eyes close and my eyes got wide as the tears started to fall. Her grip on my hand disappeared and now was laying at her side. I wrapped my hands around her shoulders and started to shake her. "No, no no no no no," I heard my father and enter the house when I started screaming. "NO MOMMY NO YOU JUST CAN'T LEAVE ME NO" My shaking because more violent as my screaming got louder. I heard their hurried footsteps then the door open. I kept screaming as my father picked me up and carried me out the room. I pulled at his hair scratched kicked I did everything I could to get out of his grasp, but it never worked.