is wailing, really ripping it up on the guitar, while the bassist kills some background vocals. "No way, man, I think her and the drummer have something going on! Look at the way he's staring at her!" I reply, nodding to the guy behind her. Its been gnawing at me since they started performing. Not that it should have. I didn't even know her. Soon enough, the band finishes their set and announces Templesmith. Not that the audience wasn't stoked for them, of course, but everyone goes crazy then. This was just one of many stops tonight for people searching for Godot and hopefully we'd find some kind of clue while we waited. Finnick pulls a flask out of his pocket, takes a sip and shakes his head at me. I'm about 5'10" on a good day, and Finn is an unnaturally handsome 6'3" every day. Which gives him just enough height to look down at me like he's doing now, with that all-knowing tall guy smirk. "Peety, you can't lie to me," he loosely waves his index finger around before pointing it at his own chest. "But since you're trying, I'm gonna go talk to that red-head in the corner," he brings his mouth down to my ear and whisper shouts, "I think she's in-ter-est-eddddd!" I smile and give him a quick slap on the back. "Alright. Try not to get into too much trouble. I'll be at the bar if you need me." I start towards an empty stool near the center of the bar. The venue, The Hob, is on the nicer end of the shithole spectrum. Everything that's not refurbished steel is made of wood, covered in drunken Bic initial and expletive carvings. It always has this smell of aged vomit and cheap beer. But it's also everything good about the scene; great music, cool people, prime location so we keep coming back. "Well look what we have here!" I place the voice before I even turn to see the person responsible for the hand currently on my shoulder. "Little Mellark finally having a night out?" I turn and force a semi-pleased expression. "Hey, Cato. Wasn't expecting to see you here." Cato throws an arm around the petite blonde standing next to him. She looks sweet enough, all gentle smiles and subtle curves, dwarfed by his abrasiveness. "Yup. Thought I'd bring my girl here out for the night. This is Amber. She goes to NYU." I put my hand up in a little wave. I'm looking for any way to get out of this interaction. Generally Finnick is my Cato buffer, but one look to the wall on my right tells me that he's pretty tied up with the redhead. "Nice to meet you, Amber." "You know, Mellark, you should seriously try dating college girls. You could at least get one of those City College chicks. That's when they get really into how smart you are and shit, not just who your daddy is." I clench and unclench my fists at my side, trying everything in my power not to shrink down to how small I feel. Somehow, every conversation with Cato goes this way. And I always walk away with a sense that I lost something. Dignity, maybe? Pride, definitely. "Thanks for the tip but I actually came here with my girlfriend." He looks around, an amused smile plastered to his smug face. "You did, did you? Well I'd love to meet her later. I bet she's a real catch." "Oh yeah, maybe you will. I guess we'll see you around." I nod goodbye to Amber, who doesn't seem to have either heard anything Cato said or be at all bothered by it. I wonder if she would care if she knew the things he said about his last girlfriend. I make a beeline to where I'd originally planned on sitting, though someone else has already occupied the seat. A girl, who, from behind looks like- "You come to spill something else on me?" My heart stops dead in my chest until she turns all the way around to look at me. "I'm kidding. Relax." A good-natured smile is on her face, much better than the contempt that I'd originally guessed. I'm tempted to wipe the sweat that I'm almost sure has formed off of my forehead. "Hey," I start with a nervous laugh, "I really am sorry about that. Can I buy you a drink to make up for it?" She grabs the fresh bottle of water in front of her and gives it a little shake, as though I didn't notice it there before. "I'm good. Thanks." Katniss turns back towards the wooden bar and waves a guy over. "How about I get you one instead? You don't look so good." "Katniss, I'm really fine," I start, wanting now more than ever to melt into the floor, "Its just really hot in here and I just ran into somehow I really can't stand, so I'm not at my best." In my periphery, I notice Cato and his girl staring in our direction, that same smirk from before turned almost vicious. His eyebrows are up to his hairline when I finally make eye contact. He doesn't believe me. He doesn't believe that I could have actually come out with a girl tonight. It's this thought, I realize, that drives me to reach for Katniss and gently spin her barstool in my direction. I can feel the pulse of the speakers playing old Green Day underneath my feet; the bodies of an audience waiting for the next act brush up against my back. I can feel just the slightest tremble from the shoulder underneath my hand. Her look is one of confusion mixed with fear. And if I let myself believe it, just the slightest hint of intrigue. "Katniss," I muster up as much courage as I can and try to disguise the waver in my voice. "Will you be my girlfriend for five minutes?"