Gale rests a hand on my thigh and the other on my back, an indication that any reluctance he previously had to our position is now gone. I lay my head on his chest and watch the mound of my hand hidden by the navy fabric, travel up his torso. I bite my lip when my thumb finds his nipple and I circle it a couple of times. His groan sends a sudden throb between my legs, which is only increased when I feel him move under me, growing hard. "Can I?" He asks, moving his hand from my clothed thigh, under my own top. I nod, my own hand stilling in on his chest. Gale pushes a thumb in the top of my pants and I gasp. He stops at the sound but I look up at him and silently plea him to continue his voyage. He does. He undoes the button on my dark jeans with his nimble fingers, keeping his thumb under the hem. He moves his hand slowly down, taking the zip with him. It's nothing like I've ever experienced before. I'm somewhat familiar with the throb and growing wetness between my legs, but a lack of privacy and experience has never allowed me to take touching myself any further than a few minutes of experimentation when bathing. Feeing Gale's fingers reach lower and lower is building a new coil of feelings deep in my stomach. My heartbeat increases. A calloused finger reaches lower than the others and I gasp as it catches the bundle of nerves, sending electricity buzzing through me like the electric fence. The finger dips even lower and I gasp as Gale delves in to my wetness. He kisses my temple, letting his lips linger and another finger finds my clit again. I groan in pleasure when the bedroom door flies open. Gale retracts his hands from my jeans but keeps them wrapped around me, clasped on my lower abdomen. I'm about to rip his hands away from me in embarrassment when I realise that he's picked the lesser of two evils: someone catching us with his hands down my pants, or someone catching us in a fairly intimate hug- his hands covering my undone trousers, and my body covering his apparent arousal. I look up from his hands on my stomach to the person in the doorway and let out a breath I was unaware I was holding, escape. Little Posy Hawthorne stands at the entrance to the bedroom with a confused look on her face. At four years old, she's simply confused as to why we're hugging on her and her mother's bed. She suspects nothing else. "Can I help you?" Gale asks of our uninvited guest, and I'm impressed at the normalcy of his voice when I can still feel his evidence of our activities beneath my bottom. Posy blinks and the confused expression disappears, giving way to one of elation. She bounds over to the bed, climbing on and throwing her arms around me. I automatically hug her back but Gale doesn't remove his hands from my stomach. "Prim said you brought me new clothes, Katniss." She grins and leans forward to give me a kiss. "Well, Prim is correct." I say and impress myself with the normalcy of my voice. "Why don't you take a look at those over there?" I point towards the pile of faded pinks and lilacs and Posy's face lights up. She climbs off the bed and runs over to the dresser to inspect the clothes. Posy carefully lifts them down and begins opening each folded item out with such care that it almost breaks my heart. The clothes are old and worn and most of them have obvious patches and stitches in them, but Posy's eyes are wide with wonder when she asks "They're all for me ?" "All for you." I confirm and she goes back to pouring over each item. When I'm sure she's distracted enough, I pull myself away from Gale and turn my back to her, facing him. He smirks as I zip up my fly and button my pants. I look down at his own pants and can see that the intrusion of his youngest sibling has now killed any evidence of our explorations. Mine however, is still uncomfortably wet in my underwear. Gale lifts the fingers of the hand that had less then five minutes ago been down my pants to his lips. The throb in my underwear returns as his casually licks his fingers. I'll get him back for that, I think, as another body enters the room. "Come on, guys. Dinner's ready." Rory informs us. "Okay, we're coming." Gale replies from the bed. Rory remains in the doorway as I turn away from Gale. He fixes both of us with the very same look Posy awarded us a few minutes ago. One of complete and utter confusion. "Why are you on the bed?" he asks, and I feel my eyes go wide and my face pale. Rory Hawthorne is not his innocent four-year-old sister. "They were cuddling." Posy informs him casually, without looking at him, pulling a pink dress on over her clothes. Rory looks at Gale, then me, then back at Gale. I follow his lead and slowly turn to Gale. It angers me to see how unaffected by this situation he looks. I'm slowly dying of embarrassment and he looks anything but. "Cuddling?" Rory asks and I actually can't help but smile at the edge of disgust I can hear in his voice. Innocent or not, he's still very much a twelve year old boy. "Yeah." Gale confirms, and my smile dies, as my desire to slap him becomes top priority. "We're coming, Rory." He says again and I hear Rory's footsteps as he leaves the room followed by some lighter, Posy-sized, ones. I slap Gale on the chest. Hard. And then we follow the kids out to the kitchen for dinner.