Katniss, remember that argument that we had on the overnight stop in Seven during the victor tour. Well afterwards I went and got slightly drunk and ended up fucking Johanna all night and guess what. Surprise! I got her pregnant." yeah that would have gone over so well but thank fucking god for Snow and his quick thinking. Shove it in her face is a better, safer idea though for who I'm not sure. "Miss Everdeen, Mr Abernathy please come in and have a seat." doing so, I advert my eye's from Katniss, quickly glancing at Haymitch how give me a small smile, nod and squeezes my shoulder as he walks past. Greeting Johanna, with a quick hug and kiss on the cheek something I learnt during the tour is that quite a lot of the younger victors look to Haymitch like an uncle, the others as a dear friend. Well all accept the careers but then they're psychos. "Well this is jolly, all the District twelve victor present good... good. Now as you can see, my problem stems from a brash choice made by Mr Mellark and Miss Manson-" "Yeah Peeta could keep it in his pants." Katniss snaps and that seems to be the last straw for Johanna. "Do you know what fuck you brainless!" standing up, she's taller than Katniss and even I know more deadly when it comes to fighting. "it was your pigheadedness that drove him to me! Could see what was fucking right in-front of you brainless! Go on say something else, even knocked up I'll still put my fucking axe in your chest." she seething and I, alone with Haymitch quickly stand up wrapping my arms around Johanna she instantly relaxes somewhat but the fire and tension is still there. I sit us back down, Katniss glaring hatefully at me. "If we're all done." turning back to Snow he sits taping his fingers together looking between us all. "My problem, Miss Manson is pregnant with Mr Mellark's child in place of Miss Everdeen. As I said, a plan was made for a situation in which the opposite happening, Miss Everdeen pregnant with someone's else child but now I find myself in a difficult position." taking another sip of his tea, the waiting is almost killing. "The tour was successful in quell the tension created by Mr Mellark and Miss Everdeen but now this matter could potentially set things ablaze in the Districts. Thus Miss Manson will be moving to District Twelve, a story of an illness will be given to the nation while you carry to term. I trust that in this time you'll all grow to accommodate each other, perhaps friends." smirking because he knows it as do I, that idea went out the window that day in Seven when we first kissed. "The quell announcement is coming up, a special time of the year and I have a feeling this one will be memorable. Now as to the problem I'm sure you can all understand what should happen if anything where to happen here or in any other districts. Yes?" we all nod, the very fact that Snow would kill all our families isn't something new. "Good, now finally as to when the baby is born... that'll be discussed at a later date, where we'll come to some arrangement." with those finally words he raises and walks. "Ah almost forgot, Miss Manson will need a house to stay in." He's gone, making a quick exit and leaving the room filled with more tension than ever before. "Shake up here-" "Enough Katniss! yes I fucked up but there's nothing I can do about it now and besides the last time we really spoke, what was you said... Oh that's right I'm weak, stupid and will never measure up to anything, better if you'd just killed me. So you've made it plain and clear that there's nothing between us so get out!" snapping at her, though I'm only using her as an escape for the mountain of shit I've dropped onto my shoulders. She doesn't say anything and for a second I'm sure I see tears at the corners of her eye's before she storms out and away back to her home. "Well that certainly was... something." Haymitch says raising out of the chair. "Congrats Johanna and welcome to the family." he leaves us both along, the silence starts to slowly kill me before Johanna breaks the silence. "You... you should probably go and apologise to your girlfriend." "Yeah... sorry." I tell her because in that moment she is my girlfriend, the mother of my child and I'll do the right thing and stay with her through this. "I didn't mean me." "But I did." with those final words I give into my weak side and kiss her, wrapping my arms around her waist and pulling her back to the stairs, locking the door as I carry her up the stairs because what's the worst thing that can happen? I've already got her pregnant. A/N; so I wrote this just to be different from the normal stories out there where it's Katniss who get pregnant by, usually gale. I've also changed the ages of the characters, Peeta and Katniss are 17, Johanna is 20. To quell the tension created by the 74th games the tour was moved ahead to about two and half months, three months earlier than normal. A break down caused them to remain in Seven for a overnight stay and Katniss and Peeta got into a heated argument which lead to the current story but all this will be explained next chapter. I just wanted to state these things in case they weren't that clear in the chapter. I've got an idea as to where I'll be taking the story but I'm still in two minds about which one Peeta will end up with, either way the child will still be a apart of his life. Next three weeks later.