prominent and blonde hairs stretch down his chest and become a fine line that leads into his pants. My hands follow that trail and stop at the waistband of his pants. He sucks in a breath as I tug gently but he quickly pulls them off and flings them aside. My eyes fly to the bulge between his legs and I blush. Even through his boxers, I can tell he is quite big. But I also realize that I am doing this to him. That this desire is for me and my scarred body. He brings his hands up and rests them on my shoulders, his fingers trailing across my skin. He watches his hands as they drift lower and rest on my heaving breasts. We both let out small moans as he cups me in both hands, his thumbs making gentle patterns over my nipples. They become hardened peaks and he gasps at the reaction. He pulls me to him and captures my mouth with his. This kiss is different. It's hungry and full of something I don't know how to name. But I find that I want it. I need it. I need him. His lips break away from mine far too soon but I moan as they attach to my flesh on my neck and make their way down to my chest, where his tongue circles around my nipple before his mouth closes around my breast. I grab his head and hold him in place, my fingers running through his hair. His fingers are playing with the other breast as he lavishes this one with his mouth. He tears away to suck at the other one before he moves his mouth back to mine. I'm falling backwards and he gently lowers me to my back as his body is hovering over mine. He is between my legs and I feel his erection right against my center. I squirm a little, making both of us groan again. He takes my breast in his mouth again, and I notice his hand trailing lower and lower, until it is tracing patterns on the inside of my thigh. He pushes my legs apart and I feel his tentative fingers cross over the juncture between my thighs. I gasp loudly as his thumb brushes against a bundle of nerves and I tremble underneath him. He kisses up and down my belly as I feel his finger enter inside me and I instinctively clench around him. He groans deeply as he pushes inside me deeper and withdraws, keeping his thumb against those nerves. He applies a little pressure to his thumb as he pushes his finger back in. I feel feverish again; I'm the girl on fire once more. Peeta has set me aflame. He adds a second finger and is thrusting his hand in and out, continuing to make frantic circles with his thumb. I feel something wonderful happening, but whatever it is, it's just out of reach. My hips jerk and I moan loudly. "P-Peeta! Something's…something's happening!" And then something extraordinary happens and I feel like I am flying. Peeta kisses my belly button, then kisses up my chest and comes back to my mouth as he pulls his hand from between my legs. I breathe heavily and blink up at him, dazed. He smiles down at me and kisses me deeply. "You are so fucking perfect," he growls. I am instantly wet between my legs again. He is lying over me, still clothed and I reach down and try to tug them down. He moves quickly, removing his boxers and sighing with relief when he tosses them aside. I feel his throbbing length against my center and he rubs against me, moaning my name. I reach between us and grasp him, causing him to gasp and jerk his hips. I spread my legs underneath him; we need no words as he finds me wet and wanting. He slowly pushes in, then decides against it and with one quick thrust, he is completely inside me. I wince at the brief pain but quickly push through it. I have been through much worse than this and besides, this is the most exquisite pain I have ever felt. He stays still for a moment but as I move my hips, he groans and begins to move as well. He rises up on his arms and thrusts into me, his eyes finding mine. "God Katniss, you're so tight," he gasps. "So perfect. I love you so much." And there it is. The words I thought he could never say, that I would never hear again. And I find that hearing them is even better than this wonderful feeling of being with him like this. It makes it all that better. Our connection is so intense, I feel tears forming. I pull him down to kiss me and I arch my back, clenching around him. Droplets of sweat drip from his nose onto my breasts and I relish these feelings. I feel myself approaching that indescribable joy again and I tighten even more around him. He gasps as he increases his thrusts, racing toward his own completion. Wanting him to feel as incredible as I feel, I lean up and wrap my fingers in his hair, bringing his ear to my lips. "I love you too," I whisper. With a groan that makes me quake, he empties inside of me and collapses on my chest. Our breathing is heavy as our hearts race together and I clutch him to me, holding him close. He rolls us to the side, still connected, and I bury my face into his chest. I can feel his heart racing beneath my cheek. This heart is mine and beats only for me, as it always has. Peeta, always being able to read my mind, looks down at me and smiles. "You are mine. Real or not real?" I smile and decide maybe this game isn't so bad after all. "Real."