from a high school girlfriend in their "experimental" stage, where it feels good but it's just not enough . He's sure she'll catch him. Yet her eyes remain closed and she lifts both legs into the air, raises her hips just enough, and slides the undergarments completely off. He deserves a fucking medal for not blowing his load right now. Both hands are focused on her newly-exposed skin. She runs her nails over her skin, leaving light red marks in their wake. She doesn't leave herself alone for long and is back to rubbing furious circles over her clit. Her free hand slides down and she easily glides one finger deep inside her. She exhales with a high pitched moan and begins to thrust her hips in motion with her fingers. He sees a slight curve in her finger and he can't stop himself anymore. He lets out a deep growl, thankful she's making enough noise to cover him. "Oh fuck, Peeta!" She moans, as her head falls back against her pillow, the sweat shining off her entire body. "Peeta." He has never heard his name spoken in that way before. He never imagined he'd hear it out of Katniss' mouth. Like that. Like she is. He thought there was no way she could be interested in him and here she is, chanting his name over and over again, head thrashing to the side, face furrowed in anticipation. Her body rocks off the air mattresses and she comes in almost complete silence. Her mouth is wide open and her throat is strained, but she remains quiet until she comes back down and lets out the most erotic cry he's ever heard. She is still, refusing to move just yet, but he can see her muscles twitching all over her body. She's panting, licking her lips to get moisture back into them, when she finally slides her fingers out of her and rests them against her hip bones. A smile forms on her lips and she lets out a laughing breath. Her eyes flicker open for half a second and he could swear that in that moment, they locked onto his. And it's him who has to turn away, panicking that she may have actually seen him. Peeta turns and all but runs into the bathroom down the hall, still trying to remain quiet, which has never been a specialty of his. He slams his back against the bathroom door and rips his shorts down to the floor. Fuck me . He can't get the image of what he's just seen out of his head and what he'd do if he could. He pictures his lips and tongue roaming her body. Or her mouth around him, looking up at him with those silver eyes that have haunted his dreams for years. He imagines her long legs wrapped around his hips as he thrusts into her. He wants to be the one who makes her whimper and moan. He needs to hear her pant his name like that. " Oh fuck, Peeta!" He comes with a groan, having just enough foresight to grab a tissue from the box beforehand. He slides down to the floor and takes a few deep breaths to regain his composure. "What did you just fucking do?" He asks himself, his head falling to his chest and his hands grabbing at his hair. "What. The fuck. Did you just fucking do?" He crossed a line that he never should have. He had absolutely no right to be standing there watching her. That was Katniss. Gale's cousin. Katniss. Katniss . He pushes himself off the floor and pulls his shorts back up. He splashes some cool water on his face, hoping it'll help clear the red cheeks he always gets after an orgasm. He could easily explain it away to the majority of the Hawthornes, but Gale's his best friend and would catch the tell right away. "Well look who finally decided to join us," Gale jokes as Peeta makes his way down the stairs. "Good morning starshine." Peeta's ready with a retort when he hears Katniss answer behind him. "Oh shut your pie-hole, Gale. Maybe I just wanted some time...to myself." She passes by Peeta, who has stopped short on the stairs, and places a hand on his shoulder. "Hey, Peeta, it's good to see you," she says in a breathy voice with a half smile. Peeta. He'd be lying if he said his name didn't cause an almost immediate twitch in his shorts, but he shook his head. This was definitely not the place to be letting that out. "Uh, hey, Katniss. How, uh, how are you?" She cocks an eyebrow and leans against the wall to face him. "Oh, surviving the perils of high school alone since you decided to desert me." She smiles and squeezes his shoulder. "I'm glad you're staying here with us. I've missed you." She says this last part so quietly, he almost doesn't catch it. She glances away from him and goes to the kitchen to help Hazelle. It's not like he can avoid watching the sway in her hips as she leaves. Or the quick glance back over her shoulder at him, her teeth worrying the edge of her bottom lip. Or that subtle wink. Not now that he knows what she really looks like. Or what sounds came from from that mouth. Oh fuck. This is going to be a long weekend. AN: This started out as a Freak Fic Friday for tumblr. But there was some asking for it to be on here so people could find it. Soooo. Here it is. As always, I do not own anything about these characters except this particular scenario. All real thanks goes to Suzanne Collins for introducing us to this world and these people. On a personal note - Thanks to Sunfish for her excellent editing eye and helping get through some of the trickier parts of this little fic.