lost cause. So he never did anything when my mom was yelling at him, hurling the rolling pin at him, hurting his sons. He never defended himself or us but there was one time that he did. It was when I tossed burnt bread at a very special girl. My father pointed at one girl at my first day to my school, said that girl in little red plaid dress was named "Katniss" and that he once planned to marry that girl's mom but it didn't work out. He was saying that in a kiddingly way but you can see in his eyes that he genuinely loved the little girl's mom and the pain's still there. She was the special girl that I tossed the bread to. That day, my mom was unusually enraged. She's angry every day but that day it seemed like even the way my brothers and I blink infuriated her and by the way my dad moves, it's obvious he was anxious. It was midnight, I think, when I saw her. Just lying there on the cold wet ground in front of our bakery and in that moment I knew. I love her. I had to take care of her so I tossed her the two burnt breads. My mother was mad! She was furious. She hit me especially hard that day and my father saw. It was the first time I heard my father shout at my mother. He took his apron off and threw it on the ground, his eyes wide; he shouted at my mother "Enough! You have done enough!" Of course, my mother fought back. They were screaming at each other and my brothers and I were just standing there, watching, while our father finally stood his ground – after that our mother wouldn't hit us that much anymore but she still attacks us with words. I remember that day perfectly clear as if it just happened. My father… I didn't get to say that I love him, that I was thankful that he was my father. I wasn't able to thank him for introducing me to her... I It was unfinished. I swallowed hard, setting the paper down. How could I be so senseless? How could I be so insensitive? Just because he wasn't here, I was angry. I didn't even consider that it was my fault why he isn't. He's probably not even well right now. He could be having an episode. I stand up and hurriedly got my coat, I ran outside directly to Peeta's house. I twisted the doorknob but it was locked. I knocked on the door but no one answered, I knock louder, each land on his door creating a plangent thud. "Peeta!" I shout. "Peeta! If you're not going to open your door, I will knock it down!" there was still no answer, so I did. The moment I was able to open the door, what greeted me was like a nightmare. I don't know if the colour red I'm seeing is blood or paint, but it could be both. I grit my teeth as I step inside. Chairs, canvases were cluttered and broken. All of the canvases looked like it was punched through. Others were ripped. Red were splattered leading upstairs, I frantically ran upstairs yelling his name. At the end of the hall was his room – the door wide open, I rushed to the room and what I saw made me catch my breath, made my hand cover my mouth. Peeta was hunched on the very corner of the wall, rocking back and forth. His mouth moving but there's no sound coming out; his eyes were shut tightly, he was in great pain. His hands red with blood and paint knuckles bruised, bleeding along with the wounds on his side. "Peeta..." I said to him with a broken whisper, my voice shaking. I heedfully walk closer to him. I knelt down in front to him and when my hands were half way to his, he winced. "Go. Go away!" he hissed at me. "Peeta... Peeta, it's okay, everything's fine." I say to him, hoping it will help. He opens his eyes and his pupils were dilated black, not the cornflower blue I know. He shuts it tight again and says forcefully "Go away, I'm a monster." I was going to touch him again but he snarls as he opens his eyes again and his hands go to my neck, strangling me. "Peeta, Peet-" I swallow hard, struggling, my throat closing in. My hands are clutching his, my nails digging, I try to scream but I can't, I whimper. So I look at him directly in the eyes, I look at him. I try to find Peeta. My Peeta. His pupils began to shrink, he begins to lessen his hold, and he released me. He's Peeta again, his eyes widen, his mouth hanging open, he stares at his hands then looked at my neck, now covered in red paint. He blinks as tears come out from his eyes. "I- I'm sorry." he murmurs, then quickly ran out. I rush to him, following him as he goes inside his painting room. I got to his painting room where his door stood ajar. I peeked through the door and saw his trembling body curled up on the far corner of the room. I walk to him cautiously, kneeling in front of him and cradling his head with both of my hands. "Peeta." I murmur softly. He looks at me; you could see every painful memory flashing through his eyes as a tear escaped from it, I erase it with my lips. "I'm sorry." He mutters. "I'm sorry." I answer back, closing my eyes as my lips met his. ... ... ... I could not ask you where you came from, I could not ask and neither could you. Honey, just put your sweet lips on my lips We could just kiss like real people do.