to a particular trading day when the baker was busy and sent Peeta to help Katniss. The same feeling of nervousness swept over her as she waited for any movement from inside Peeta's house. The door opened slowly and she saw him curiously peek out. "Katniss? What are you doing here?" His eyes were red-rimmed, his cheeks puffy, his hair a mess. The stubble on his cheeks made it appear as though he hadn't shaved in almost a week, even though she had just seen him a few days ago and he was clean shaven. She was so caught up in the dramatic change in his physical appearance, that he had to call her name a few times before she realized it. "Oh. Um...I..." She held up her game bag. "I wondered if you'd like some squirrel." She mentally kicked herself. They were friends now, they had shared details of their lives with one another, yet here she was, standing outside his house and unable to form a coherent thought. "Or rabbit. I...I have a few of those..." "Squirrel is fine," he croaked, glancing over his shoulder. "I might have some fresh bread if you'd like to come in." He opened the door wider, allowing her access into his home. She stepped across the threshold and was surprised at how plainly decorated the home was. Every wall she looked at was bland and boring, so unlike Peeta himself. To the right of the kitchen was a dark hallway with three doors, all closed tightly. She wondered which was Astrid's and if it was still the way she left it. Or if they cleared out all the reminders of their fallen daughter. She was drawn to the hallway, her curiosity peaked. "It's not really worth a trade." "Huh?" She turned her head toward him, away from the mysterious hallway. "The bread," he unwrapped a cloth, revealing a warm loaf of bread. "It's not really worth a squirrel." "It's not much of a squirrel," she answered with a shrug, setting her game bag down and retrieving the rodent. He took it from her and turned it over in his hands with a chuckle. "Right through the eye. Like always." Her face must have indicated her confusion because he pulled out a thick skillet and continued. "When you traded with my father, he used to mention that your squirrels were the best because you always shot them straight through the eye. Never ruined the meat that way." He masterfully began skinning the squirrel on the counter down to the edible meat, which he seasoned and laid into the skillet. "Do you want some?" "I really shouldn't...I need to get to the Hob..." She did want to leave. The heaviness that accompanied this empty house was too much for her and made her uncomfortable. It was that look in his eyes, the one that begged her not to abandon him too, that made her stay. "But I can go later." They shared the squirrel meat and his fresh bread – which was more than a fair trade in her opinion – in silence. She wanted to ask, to confirm the rumors, but she knew the darkened house and Peeta's disheveled appearance answered the question. "Adelaide moved out." There it was. "I heard." "She said there were too many reminders. I offered to try to find a new house but..." Katniss' stomach dropped. "It wasn't just the house, was it?" He pushed the last of the meat around on his plate. "She said every time she looked at me, she saw our daughter," he said quietly. "Said there was nothing that could be done." "What a bitch." "What?" Normally, Katniss would feel some shame for using such a vulgar term for a woman she had never met, but she couldn't help it. "I just...my mother used to tell me that every time she looked at me, she saw my father. And it hurt, it killed her, but at the same time, it was a reminder of what she loved about him. It's not okay for her to abandon you just because she's hurting. You stayed with her, you helped her, Peeta." "It's not her fault." "But it's not yours either! And you don't deserve this!" Katniss was shouting at this point, her emotions raw and unprotected. Didn't that woman see the selflessness of Peeta? As she looked into Peeta's face, she couldn't image why anyone would desert him. "You deserve so much more, Peeta. You deserve..." "Deserve what?" "Just more." She bit the inside of her cheeks, angry at herself for not controlling herself. Angry at Adelaide for leaving Peeta. Angry at the boy from District 4 who killed Astrid. Angry at the Capitol for the Hunger Games. Angry at everyone who kept letting it happen because they were too afraid to stand up for themselves. She pushed back from her plate. "I have to go," and swept out of the room, leaving behind a bewildered Peeta. He found her sitting out in the meadow, her back to him, facing the woods. Without saying a word, he sat beside her and held a freshly picked dandelion in front of her. She shifted her gaze to meet his and smiled softly. He weaved the dandelion through a strand of her hair and tucked it behind her ear, letting his hand trace down her cheek. The gesture was an acceptance of her unspoken apology. As the sun began to set, painting the sky Peeta's favorite shade of orange, their fingers brushed and pinkies joined. "Stay with me?" "Always." AN : I wrote this in about two days as a way to force myself out of my writing slump. All errors in grammar and spelling and stuff is my fault. Thank you to my two amazing pre-readers, SwishyWillow and HoneyLime for your feedback. Be on the look out in a few weeks for a new round of PiP stories! Feel free to visit me at my tumblr (mitchesbcray)