anything, Katniss," Peeta whispered. "No one is going to judge you for not going through with it. No one will think less of you." But that was just it, I realized. They would think less of me. I would think less of me because Johanna had been absolutely correct in her assessment of me. I envied those girls because of how comfortable they were with their bodies and sexuality. I never lived that part of my life because I was too busy being an adult for Prim. Relationships in general took a backseat in my life with the exception of a two year relationship with a childhood friend that ended in complete disaster. As I stared at the stage, with the silver pole shining in the middle, I knew that I needed it. I needed it for myself more than for anyone else. "Black Coffee," I told him, "Peggy Lee's version." Peeta stared at me but eventually relented, heading back to the sound booth to find the song I knew he had because I put it on his ipod. I walked up to the now-deserted stage but was stopped by Annie's arm reaching out to grab me. "Katniss. Are you really going to do this?" I nodded my response and she smiled. "Good. Remember - make sure your hands are dry and the pole is clean. Don't do anything crazy and don't try to flip upside down. Follow your body's lead - your brain is going to tell you to stop but your body knows what to do." "You think I can do this?" I asked, surprised by her advice. Her smile widened. "I think you can prove Johanna wrong." She slapped my ass and started whooping when I climbed the side stairs. I stood up on stage, wiping my hands on my shirt, and gripping the pole the way I had seen the girls do before. I kept my eyes closed and took a deep breath. I imagined myself down in my basement, with no one watching me. The opening bars of "Black Coffee" came over the speaker and I began to rock my hips in time. The words flowed over me and my head dropped to spin, flipping my hair. My hands went to the end of my braid and pulled the tie loose, letting all my hair down in soft waves. Holding onto the pole, walking on my tiptoes, I began walking in circles, running my other hand through my hair. Sometimes I would spin so my back was against the pole and I'd drop so my knees were at a 90 degree angle. Other times, I'd extend my legs out, holding myself up with my arms, which were shaking already. Spinning and dropping were two things I knew I could do easily enough but I also knew it wouldn't be enough. I would need to do something more. As I walked around, I opened my eyes and saw Annie in the front, making a spinning circle with her finger and mouth something to me. I nodded, knowing what she was saying. I'd have to do an actual pole move. An image of something I saw Johanna doing that night popped into my head and I worked out the mechanics of it in my head easily enough. Trust your body , that's what Annie told me. And I would need to, because the idea of spinning around the pole with just my arms and legs holding on made my brain want to bail. I extended my left leg out and brought it in, using my momentum to spin around the pole. I brought both legs straight out in front of me, keeping the pole gripped between my thighs. As I neared the floor, I let my right leg down first, toes brushing against the floor, then bent my knee so my toes were facing backward. I leaned back, using my hands to help stabilize me until my back was against the stage floor. I brought both knees up in front of me and let my feet slide up and down the pole before rolling onto my stomach. I saw how the girls usually got up from the floor and figured it would be good enough for me, so I led with my ass in the air, dragging my chest along the floor until I was sitting on my feet. One more hair flip as the song came to a close and I finally braved myself to look out into the crowd. "I think Sweetheart may be looking at a job change if she wants it," I heard Haymitch tell Peeta, who was back at the table. His eyes were dark and locked onto mine and I felt my stomach flutter in a way that I knew wasn't from the adrenaline racing through my body. Everyone cheered, even Enobaria, who looked like it was taking everything out of her to congratulate me. Johanna stood up and whistled, confirming my suspicion about her intentions. I took a deep breath and stood, giving a little bow and bounding down the stairs. "I did good?" I asked Peeta. His pupils were thick and only a sliver of his blue iris was showing. "I never knew you could move like that," he answered huskily. My tongue slipped out to wet my dried lips and I swear I could hear a slight groan from his chest. For the rest of the night, I was more accepted by everyone but could feel his eyes on me, no matter where I was or who I was talking to. AN: This was my FF4Ls submission this year. There will be four parts (updated once a week). Thanks to everyone who supported me through this and to my wonderful pole instructor for teaching me so many moves. This isn't necessarily realistic of what happens at these clubs but it's my story so I say it's okay ;) Let me know your thoughts, I'd love to hear them.