wasn't overly muscular but toned in a way that showed he worked hard every day without actually working out. He kissed her again, pushing her onto her back and made quick work of his belt and trousers, pushing them down over his feet and remembering to remove his shoes in the process. He fished a condom from his pocket before letting them drop to the floor. Peeta climbed atop of her on the counter and hungrily pulled her corset down to fully expose her petite breasts. He took one in his mouth, swirling his tongue around her dusky nipple, and again covered the other with his hand. She was thrusting her hips up to meet the hardness in his boxer briefs. "How are you feeling?" Her question was dripping with lust and need. He ripped open the foil packet with his teeth while pulling her panties down over her heels. Then he pushed his underwear all the way off and rolled the condom onto his already hard length. He positioned himself at the edge of her center. In a voice so low that only she could hear, he answered, "Bold," and pushed into her. Nine months was definitely too long , she thought, wincing at the almost-forgotten feeling of being completely filled. It didn't help that Peeta was bigger than any guy she had everbeen with. He picked up on that and was pulling out when her hand grabbed his wrist. "Don't," she whimpered. "Just...need to...adjust." He bent down to kiss her as he pushed in more slowly this time, opening her legs wider around his hips. She sighed in relief as the pressure gave way to the intense pleasure she had been hoping for. "Better?" "Yes," she moaned. He dropped his mouth from hers to revisit her breasts, increasing the speed of his thrusts to match her labored breathing. She lowered her hand to where they met and began rubbing tight circles around her clit. She could feel her second orgasm building quickly, warmth spreading from her center through her limbs. When he bit down on one of her nipples, she broke and moaned his name in a guttural voice that should have embarrassed her, but only seemed to intensify the feeling. He slowed his thrusting down and released her breast with a smile. She reached up to his face, dripping with sweat, to brush away a strand of hair that stuck to his forehead. Peeta kissed her again, more gently this time. He carefully rolled them over so he was on his back and she hovered above him. She was thankful, given that her nerves were still buzzing, that she had control of them for the moment. She rode him slowly at first, swiveling her hips back and forth until she regained enough feeling in her legs to give him what she knew he really wanted. He let out a low groan with every rise and fall of her body, never fully releasing him as she came up, and then sank down hard and fast. He held his hands out and she interlocked their fingers, providing her with extra leverage and balance. Shifting the angle of her body slightly backward elicited a gasp and an enthusiastic hip thrust from him. He released one of her hands to finger her clit, with awarning that he wasn't going to last much longer. She smirked and used her free hand to reach behind her and massage his balls. "Fucking Christ, Katniss!" he cried, thumbing her with increased pressure, as if his own release was dependent on hers. She didn't relent, knowing full well just how close he was when she felt his sack tighten in her hand. An extra squeeze and he shuddered, spilling himself into the condom. His thumb paused for only a moment before making her come for the third time that night. She collapsed on top of him, her insides contracting around him. He wrapped his arms around her and kissed the side of her temple. "Happy New Year's Eve," he joked. She laughed and buried her head into his chest. "Well, it certainly has been memorable." "And here it is, ladies and gentlemen," the forgotten radio announced, "It's almost that time. Sixty seconds until the New Year. And as the song says, 'If you can't be with the one you love, love the one you're with,' as long as it'll get you a smooch at midnight." Katniss looked up at Peeta as the countdown began. "May your next year be better than the last," he said with a smile. "It'll be tough to top," she answered. And as the announcer got to one and Auld Lang Syne began playing, Peeta lifted his head to capture her lips in a sweet kiss. "Happy New Year, Katniss Everdeen." "Happy New Year, Peeta Mellark." Three months later, Katniss left work early to enjoy the first warm day of the season. She always thought New York was the best during the fall, but the scent of a spring rainfall seemed to wash away the usual foul stench of the inner city. She found herself in a familiar part of town, where a cabbie dropped her off with the promise of the best burger she could ever have. Sure enough, a block ahead of her sat 'Greasy Sae's Place.' She hadn't been back since New Year's Eve; she hadn't even had a hamburger since then, as the memory of that night still caused a slight blush to appear on her cheeks. She peered in the window as she walked up to the diner and smiled. The pass, located between the dining room and the kitchen, allowed her access to the cooks. Well , one cook in particular, with blond curls and a laugh so vivacious she could swear she heard it outside. He turned his head and blue eyes caught her grey ones. He cocked an eyebrow and smirked. Feeling very bold, she figured it was about time she had another burger.