woods, I see more people gathered around the fence. Hazelle Hawthorne breaks away from the crowd and comes to inspect Katniss. "Where is she hurt?" "She says it's something with her leg." "Let's get her to her room and we can take care of her." I nod and lead the way to Victor's Village. Haymitch, Sae, and Hazelle follow me. Instead of going to her house, I take her to mine and gently set her on my bed. She's still shivering violently and Sae hurries off to make a pot of tea. "Peeta, draw a warm bath for her. She's half frozen." I hurry into my bathroom and test the water before filling it up quickly. When it's full, I run back to my room and stop when I see that Hazelle is removing Katniss's clothes. I turn back around, my face going red. "Peeta, carry her into the bathroom for us. She's not going to be able to walk." I swallow and turn back but find that Hazelle has wrapped her in a sheet to give her some privacy. I quickly pick her up, wincing at how light she feels in my arms, and carry her into the bathroom. She's slipped out of consciousness and I bite my lip nervously. "Hazelle, she's unconscious," I call to the woman. "I don't want to leave her in the bathtub alone." "Then stay with her," she calls back. I huff. Unfortunately since we are supposed to be "star-crossed lovers" and all of Panem had believed my lies about marrying her and getting her pregnant, I couldn't be shy about this. I wanted to respect her privacy but the fact is, Hazelle and Sae would both just say that I'm the only person who should be taking care of her right now. So ignoring my pounding heart, I pull the sheet away from her and lower her into the bathtub. She lets out a little moan when she hits the water and I pray that she doesn't wake up yet. If she saw me in here with her, while she's naked, she would never forgive me. Keeping my eyes focused on her face, I gently set her up against the bathtub and I notice the water changing color. Red. That's all I see. I feel panic and anger and terror. I jump to my feet, shaking my head and I grab my hair. Stay here. Stay with her. Don't let the Capitol win. I have to get out of here. I have to get away from this mutt before she hurts me! I run out of the bathroom and nearly knock Sae over. "Peeta what's happened?" I don't answer. Gritting my teeth, I run out onto my porch and collapse on my hands and knees. There isn't anything to throw but I grip the wooden planks of my porch tightly. So tightly there are now several splinters in my hands but I don't care. I don't know how long I stay like that to be honest. I vaguely register that Haymitch is sitting beside me. I don't know how I have resisted the urge to strangle him. When I feel myself getting back to normal, I glance at Haymitch, who is watching me with wide eyes. "Haymitch-" "Don't kid. I'm glad you got out of there before you did something you'll regret. Hazelle and Sae are taking care of her." Sitting up, I rub at my face. I wince at a pain in my jaw and I look at him again. "What happened?" "You attacked yourself. I tried to hold you down but I got hit in the process so decided to let you beat yourself up a bit." His lip is bleeding so I guess I believe him. I struggle to my feet and turn towards my front door. "I'm going to check on her." Haymitch nods and doesn't say anything as I enter my house. Sae and Hazelle have cleaned and dressed Katniss and have gotten her back into the bed. She's lying on the comforter, her eyes closed and her face still very pale. Her legs are bandaged in front of her and I notice some bandages on her ribs. What happened to the impossibly strong girl I teamed up with in the Games? What happened to the mockingjay, who took on the Capitol with flames in her eyes? This being here can't be the same girl. She looks so weak and defeated. I hear her release a little whimper and I sit on the edge of the bed, taking her hand in mine. "Katniss," I whisper in her ear. "Katniss, I'm right here. I'm right beside you. I won't leave you." "Peeta," she says in a trembling voice. I don't know what she's seeing in her dreams. I don't know if she's dreaming of me like I used to be before the Capitol took me, or if she's seeing me in District 13, when I tried to kill her. I just don't know. Despite the fact that I can't believe this is really Katniss, I feel drawn to her. So I lean down and gently kiss her forehead. She shivers underneath me so I pull the blankets around her and tuck her in. Pulling a chair beside the bed, I prop my feet up on the bed and lean back in the chair. I'm not leaving her side tonight. But I suddenly feel so tired that I can barely keep my eyes open. As I'm drifting off, I hear her whisper my name again. I scoot closer and kiss her hand. "Peeta," she says softly. "Stay with me." Real or not real…she's said that to me before. I'm pretty sure it's real. As is my reply. "Always." Kind of a long first chapter but oh well! Will be switching POV between K and P, I'm really enjoying writing this and delving into both of their minds! Please leave reviews if you enjoyed! Will probably post another one tomorrow :)