later, realizing how fantasizing about murdering him was going to get her nowhere. She lowered the T-square. "It's a T-square. I've got to get back to work." She set the T-square back up against the wall, sat down in her chair, and stared glumly at her drawing paper. Peeta shrugged absentmindedly. "Well, that was fun. It was great." He turned to leave. Katniss rummaged into her purse and pulled out a box of cigarettes. Grabbing her lighter, she lit it and puffed. "Great." The smell of smoke made Peeta stop. "You smoke?" he asked her, turning back around. Katniss took a drag, holding the cigarette between two fingers. "Yeah." "Since when?" "Since the airport." Something dawned on Peeta's face, and he raced over to her. "That reminds me. I bet you I don't know what you're looking for." Katniss extinguished the fire by smashing the paper product into the ashtray. "What?" "Right?" "What?" "Wait," Peeta exclaimed, holding his hands out. "Don't even answer that!" "Answer what Peeta?" She was standing now, her hands balled into fists by her sides. "Or do you wanna guess?" "Guess what?" Peeta blinked. "Huh?" "Guess what ? Peeta, what do you want me to guess?" She practically screamed her words at out him, spit flaying in every direction. "I forget." Peeta remarked innocently. "You're hopeless." Katniss murmured, sitting down in her chair. "You give up," Peeta teased. He sat back down on the couch. "That's okay. I'll just give it to ya. You know that picture of the hotel? The Finnick Odair model?" Katniss froze from her seat, her head looking at Peeta slower than any movement on Earth. "That's what I was looking for." Two days ago, after the conference, the model of Finnick Odair's dream hotel went missing inside her home. She turned the entire place upside down to find the drawing, it was that important to her. "I know. You said it was missing something right?" "Peeta, I may have. I mean, if you've seen it... that's my final color rendering!" she cried. "I know," Peeta replied, reaching into his pocket and pulling out a crumbled piece of drafting paper. Katniss's heart welled in her throat, her breathing hitched. The Finnick Odair model. "So this morning, I held it up to the light-" "Peeta..." Katniss said her name dangerously calm and low. "And I looked at it from the right, and then from the left, and then from the right again." he continued babbling. "Peeta, don't tell me you-" "Wait, just wait a minute Everdeen," Peeta ordered. "I finally realized what it was missing. It was so simple. All it needed was a chimney." Katniss raised an eyebrow at him, she couldn't believe her ears. "A chimney?" "A chimney," Peeta said, solidifying his answer. He pointed at the picture, which had a gaping black colored in rectangle on the left side of the drawing, and a failed attempted one by the large red X across it. "Well, don't like at the X one, that was a goof. But, you see it? Top left corner. Right there." Katniss blinked, leaning in forward. "Um..." "I have no idea where I got the idea." Peeta pondered aloud. "Um... Peeta?" "God I guess." Katniss shot to her feet and marched over to Peeta, her eyes could not be deceiving her. "Peeta! Did you put a hole in this?" Peeta nodded, racing by her. Katniss held the picture up to the light. Where the newly drawn chimney was, also was being accompanied by a massive hole of maybe four to five inches. "Hold still," Peeta instructed calmly, grabbing Katniss's somehow still smoldering cigarette from the ashtray. He stood next to Katniss on her left, and slid the cigarette into the hole. Smoke billowed against the paper, similar to a chimney affect. He giggled. "Cool, huh? I mean, I knew I was a lot of things, but I never knew I was an architect." Katniss removed the cigarette from it's position and grabbed the ruined drawing. She set the picture down at her desk, and stared at it hopelessly lost. "I... uh... I don't know what to say?" "Well, Katniss, what would you do if you were me in this situation?" Peeta asked from the couch. Katniss frowned, reaching for a pen to write a message down on her hand. "What?" "You know, in the architect business. You could show me around, let me get comfortable with the ropes. Introduce me to the mechanics and such." Peeta explained. Katniss began writing a message on her hand. Destroy picture and create new one. Email Finnick and apologize. Maybe even kill Peeta Mellark for his insolence. "Oh..." she trailed off. An idea came to Peeta. He leapt to his feet. "Hey, maybe we could be partners!" Katniss was so shocked, she drew her hand across her palm so fast, the pen actually cut a gash into her skin. "Ahhh!" she hissed. Peeta blinked, his eyes widening. "Oh my god, you're bleeding! Let me look at that." He grabbed her right wrist hurriedly. "OW!" Katniss cried, wincing at the pain. "Oh, I'm sorry. I, I know just the thing for that." Peeta said. "I'll take care of it." Katniss murmured, reaching for the gauze. "No, let me do it," Peeta insisted. "It's my mother's kitchen remedy. You just rub it into the cut. I'll be in the kitchen heating up the salt!" Katniss outstretched her left hand. "Peeta- I'm- Don't!" Realizing he was not going to stop from helping her, yet again she was in his debt. She groaned, slamming her head against her desk once more. She owed him again. Failed to get rid of him. Oh shit. I'm still laughing. Like, I'm wiping tears from my eyes. I hope you all enjoyed this one-shot as much as I did. If so, leave a review! I'd love to hear your comments and maybe I'll write another chapter to this as a follow up of sorts! Love you all! ~ Paradigm