sensation in her shoulder, not breathing, not singing in her head, nothing. "Relax, Katniss," he reminded her softly. She nodded, and tried to let the tension she was holding in go. She opened her eyes and caught him looking down at her. "Relax," she repeated. He smiled and continued his work but she was unable to keep her eyes off of him. He was totally in control of what he was doing but also had an impeccable sense of ease, like he was more alive with the tattoo machine in his hand than he had been all morning. She became fixated on his eyelashes, which were as blonde as the hairs along his forearm, and impossibly long. Katniss would wait for him to blink, wondering if they would get tangled up but they never did. Her eyes drifted from his eyelashes to his lips. They were full and lush and the way his tongue rested between them as he worked totally made her forget the pain. Instead, she was filled with a different sensation, a warm tingling that started at her shoulder and rushed through the rest of her body. Warm and pleasant. Enjoyable even. She wondered if this was what Peeta meant when he said that once you get over the pain it feels good. And this did. In a strange, twisted, possibly even sick way, getting the tattoo felt more than good. It made her feel like she was burning up from the inside and she never wanted it to stop. Her breathing became ragged and she had to chew on her bottom lip to keep quiet. But it wasn't enough. And as soon as the low moan escaped her lips, she clenched her eyes shut again and waited for Peeta to stop inking her or start laughing or something. But he didn't. He kept going, as if he didn't hear anything. The embarrassment did little to quell the building tension deep inside her, but she was able to keep relatively quiet for the next few hours. It was prolonged, torturous foreplay that she never wanted to end. When the buzzing finally stopped for good, she let out a long, heavy, content sigh. He poured some lotion over her skin and wiped it off. "Want to take a look at it?" "Huh?" She asked, still woozy from the feeling. "Oh, um, s-sure." She sat up from the table and found herself chest-to-face with him. She watched him lick the lips she had been staring at earlier and not even attempt to look away. When he finally did, he gazed straight up into her eyes and she saw his fat black pupils, making the blue of his eyes almost impossible to make out. Katniss wouldn't admit it, but when he finally looked away, she was disappointed. "Here's a hand mirror…to…help see your shoulder…" he said, barely able to make eye contact with her as he handed her a smaller mirror and pointed to the wall mirror. "Thanks. Oh…oh wow. Peeta, this is amazing!" She exclaimed when the ink was clearly in view. On her shoulder was a portrait of a huntress, aiming to shoot. Small, yes, but with detailing like she wouldn't have imagined. And as she shifted her arm, Katniss noticed that the arrow the huntress had notched shifted as well, as if lining up her shot with Katniss' arm. She turned toward him with the biggest smile she may have ever worn. "Thank you so much!" He grinned and ran his hand through his hair. "Yeah? I was hoping you'd like it. When you talked about hunting your face just kind of lit up and I knew…well…I mean, I hoped." "Seriously, Peeta, this is…it's beautiful. You even gave her my braid." He stepped closer to her, running his fingers over the braid that hung over her other shoulder. "Yeah well…I…uh…" Katniss flushed and looked down at her feet, realizing that she was still half naked and still didn't care. "I really like it…" She whispered. "I'm glad…Katniss….I…" "Yeah?" "I…I have to give you some post-tattoo rules," he said quickly, turning from her and moving over toward his desk. She felt herself deflate but knew whatever weird feelings she had for this relative stranger were just carryover from getting the tattoo. She slipped her tank top back on, making sure not to catch any of the fabric on her skin. He handed her a pamphlet with different after-care rules and guidelines. "If…it's not too much to ask…can I take a picture of your piece to add to my portfolio?" She looked up from the pamphlet into those eyes still thick with desire and nodded. It was easy enough, since her tank top didn't cover any of her newly inked skin and once he was done, he covered it with gauze and tapped it to her skin. "Thank you, again. It's really great." "No problem. I really, really enjoyed doing you. It. Doing it. The tattoo. It, uh, it was fun and I'm glad you liked it and…um…yeah but if you, uh, if you have any questions or concerns you're always free to call me and uh…sometimes the first few days can be rough-oof!" Katniss stopped his mumbling, frantic train of thought consciousness the only way she knew how – by leaning forward and pressing her lips to his. It was unprofessional and stupid and not at all like her, but when he started to kiss her back, holding onto her face to keep her close she didn't care. They broke apart breathless and rested their foreheads together. "No sex," he said in a rough voice. "What?" He let out a breathy chuckle. "Um, no sex for a few days. Or any laying on your back until it's healed." They both laughed at the absurdity of what transpired. "But um…in a few days, I'd like to see you again." "For a follow-up?" He kissed her again with the same need and desire. "No. I'd like to see you again."