me. Finally, she had started to calm down and I started to get up making my exit. "Where are you going?" Sara asked her throat had cleared up and she sounded like herself again, "Don't you remember we have training." TRAINING I learnt a lot of skills. How to shoot with arrows how to look for food. Sara taught us about the different rainforest animals that could be there and made us remember all the plants we were and weren't allowed to eat. One time we even learned how to ride a horse. Sara told us a little bit about staying contact with the three men and her with walkie- talkies. Both sides would have them. She told us to use them wisely. Throughout the whole session I never made any eye contact with Carter. Not even when his hand accidently brushed across mine when we were learning to how to tie knots. We learnt how to swing across the room with ropes and how to kill animals. But all of it was fake. It all felt wrong. It was a lot to learn and it felt like we were preparing for a test not for death. Every time we did something right Sara would congratulate us as if we had won a medal but we all knew that this was not enough. "We're going to do something different today" Zoe said once I'd dressed in my ugly uniform; grey shirt and dark jeans with boots. The days went like a routine. Wake up, get dressed, train for two hours, do nothing, lunch, train, maybe play piano, train, dinner, bed, wake up after having nightmares… We weren't allowed to go outside unescorted so I preferred to stay inside. It's what I had done most of my life. "What?" Carter asked. "Today we are going into a forest to practice your skills. I raised my eyebrow, surely it wasn't allowed to train in the forest we were going to be fighting in. Sara answered as if she'd read my mind. "Off course not in this forest. There is another forest just half a mile away. It's just a plain forest but there are the odd animals. I winced, so we were going to kill animals just for practice. "I know," Sara sighed. As we were walking she told us a little bit about the forthcoming event happening next week where we had the chance of meeting the other fighters from our country only. "That's where your designers come in. It's a good chance to get to know people. And if you become good friends you could even help each other." Right. We were going to be struggling to help ourselves let alone help others. "Do we have to attend," I asked. "I'm afraid so. Also the producers have changed some of the plans. Just for that day the event will be aired on television that's why the designers are going to be there to make you look 'fabulous'." She mimicked. I almost smiled. How odd. I didn't think I was even going to reach a smile here but maybe because I knew Sara I was beginning to forgive her for things she obviously wasn't to blame for. When we reached the forest Sara gave us some bows and told us to climb a tree. I was a little nervous because this was something I hadn't done before. It was a lot harder than rock climbing. I watched Carter carefully and tried to copy him. I gripped the tree hard and put my foot up onto a stump. Then I heaved myself off the floor. I wasn't sure where to put my foot next so I tried to turn my head to ask Sara for a little help but then Carter whispered "Over there." He pointed to a small stump to corner of the tree. I nodded and followed his direction. I managed to get up as high as Carter but I was annoyed at myself for trusting Carter completely. "Well done," Sara congratulated us and then pointed to a squirrel in a nearby tree. She lowered her voice to a whisper and nodded. But there was only one squirrel. Was I supposed to shoot one half and Carter the other? I took my arrow out of my bag and aimed. I saw from the corner of my eye that Carter was getting ready to aim as well. But I wanted to get there first. He recognized this and worked quickly to release his bow. But he rushed too much and the bow missed. Before the squirrel had a chance to even turn his head I quickly released my own bow and I watched as the squirrel fell to the floor. I smiled and then looked at Carter who strangely smiled back at me. Sara smiled too. "Great first shot, Brie. That was a very fast response as well." Then she turned to Carter, "Not bad yourself just don't rush it." The day carried on like that with me and Carter playing it out like a game. It helped to ease the pain of the fact that we were killing. I again found myself frustrated when I laughed along with Carter but I couldn't help it. "Right lets get packing and go home." Sara said as she picked up her rucksack. I made a face; I didn't like it when she called the flat home. I didn't want to let myself think that it was either. It was just the last place I was going to be in before I headed to my doom. I had a hot shower when we got back to the flat. As the warm water trickled onto me, my thoughts ran back over what happened in the forest. It felt almost magical me and Carter laughing beside each other. By the time the week was over I could shoot, climb basic trees, separate poisonous plants to edible plants and manage to look intot eh eyes of Carter.