small frown on his face. "We'll talk about this later." He said. Rebecca nodded meekly. "We're still looking!" He called back to Brunella. He turned to Rebecca. "Let's start looking." Aran said. She nodded. "I know where they are." She said. Rebecca retook Aran's hand and started dragging him down the alley, coming to rest below a dimly lit up sign and a ladder leading to the roof of the shop. "They should be right here." Rebecca said. Aran took a step forward and stepped in something. He stumbled back and looked down at where he stepped. Nothing was there. He looked down at his foot and frowned. He couldn't see anything. "You have a light or something?" Aran asked. "Hold on one moment." Rebecca said. She reached down into her pocket and pulled out a lighter. Aran raised his eyebrows at her. "I found this for a good price at The Market yesterday and thought it would be good for the Christmas Bonfire… I'd rather spend little money for a lighter than have one of you guys burn your eyebrows off again…" Rebecca muttered. Without another word she flipped the lighter and a dim light was given off. Aran took the lighter from Rebecca (he honestly couldn't trust her with fire) and put the light close to his shoe. From what he saw made him drop the lighter. "Holy Shi-" "What?" Rebecca asked quickly. Aran gulped and fell to his knees, blindly searching through the darkness for the lighter. "Aran, you're scaring me." Rebecca said. Aran grasped the lighter and flicked it on again. He moved the flame slowly, searching inches away from the flame. He dropped the lighter once again. "Aran…" "Go get Brunella and Audi." Aran ordered. Rebecca took a few tentative steps backwards. "Now!" He said. "I found them!" He hissed. Rebecca's face paled before she took off towards The Market. Aran briefly thought that she could run almost as fast as Lexi could… "Lex…" Somebody muttered. Aran's eyes shot down to the bodies below him. "Lexi… Oh, God…" Aran instantly recognized the voice of Shelby. "Shell, its Aran." He said in a hushed voice. "Just hang on, Audi is here. And… And we're going to get you all healed up." "Ash is worse…" Shelby muttered. "Oh, Lexus!" She said in a sob. "I can't do this…" She muttered. "Shelby!" Audi yelled. Three pairs of thundering feet could be heard coming towards them. Rebecca was first to arrive. She dropped to her knees beside Aran and held onto his shoulder. Audi was next to arrive. He dropped to his knees and blindly searched for his fiancé's body. "Shelby…" He mumbled. His voice dropped so low, but Aran heard him. He sounded so broken, so hollow, so… empty. He sounded like he was the one in the snow dying, not Shelby and Aston. "Audi…" Shelby whispered. She started like she wanted to tell him something, but she never got to finish. She had fallen unconscious again. Brunella arrived then. Her blue eyes were sparking in worry and her hair crackled with her panic. "I'm going to run home and prepare the kitchen for these two… Warn the younger ones… Corolla…" Brunella told her siblings before turning and running as fast as she could towards their house. "Get Corolla to get all her medical supplies!" Rebecca screamed. Brunella answered with a frantic scream of her own. "Audi, pick up Shelby slowly. We need to see her injuries in the light… Aran, you pick up Aston. Once you have a firm hold on them, run as fast as you can to the house. Bru should have gotten there once you all have them there." She said. Audi and Aran picked up the two and bolted off towards the house. Rebecca closed her eyes and images streamed into her mind. " Death isn't as bad as it seems." Shelby whispered. Her face was bashed in, her should was definetly dislocated, and the bruises and scratches on her face made her look almost unrecognizable. "You feel free… happy… worriless…" Shelby whispered. Her battered face turned to Aston. Rebecca jerked out of her own world and soundlessly stood up. She decided she would come back tomorrow to clear everything… Right now she had to go heal those two. After all; now that Lexi was gone she was the best healer of the family. She spun around on her heels and ran off towards the house, her thoughts scattered throughout her brain, but one thought stood out. Her family was never going to be the same after this night. There we have it. Now, this isn't officially canon in Hutsune's story, but in my mind this is what should happen. Here are some hidden things in this story: Shelby does die in the end. Sorry. Rebecca is crazy after Lexi was killed in the Games. She was always able to see things (like a sneer) Both Lexi and Vitz died in the second day of the Games (killed by Sierra and Seni) and Nick won. We all know this doesn't happen because Nick (RIP) dies in Chapter 30 and Lexi and Vitz survive until one of the last days. I don't know what happens to them, but I thought it would be easier if they both die for this story (Dear Hutsune, just because I wrote them dead doesn't mean they should die... Just saying. Stay with your chioce before you read this!) When Shelby is talking about the little girl from Lexi's Games that believed in God, she's talking about Shay (thanks for pointing out that it's not Vee, Hutsune. Totally slipped my mind :o)... RIP! I hoped you enjoyed this! If you want to read more, read Hutsune's story. It is one of my most favourite stories of all time. *Also, thanks for pointing out my mistakes. My spell check is quite old, so that screwed me up when I read over it :p Thanks, Hutsune! Thanks! Remember to review! ~Paw~