himself above me, so that the tip of his hardness is resting right at my entrance and with one swift push, he's in. At first it's uncomfortable, then it's unbelievable. Peeta fills me completely, living no inch of me undiscovered by him. He pulls out of me and I instinctively grab onto his ass, trying to keep him right where he was, but when he pushes back into me again, my arms go limp. "Oh, Peeta," I breathe, my eyelids squeezing shut from the pleasure. "I know, it's-it's so fucking good." He pulls out again but this time pushes back in harder, and when he does, an even bigger wave of pleasure slams my body. My nails dig into his back, no doubt leaving marks behind. I begin to match Peeta's thrusting, and as I do, I lose control of the noises coming from my mouth. Peeta slides his hand down our slick bodies again and his thumb finds the little bundle. He starts making small circles, somehow managing to accompany the rhythm of his thrusting. "Fuck!" I curse as the coil inside my body springs free, along with my orgasm, my sex pulsing again. Peeta doesn't last much longer either, as he pushes into with one last grunt, then empties himself into me, warming me. I can feel his length pulse inside me and it feels so good. This feels so good. Feels right, even. I think I drank way too much tonight. "Wow," Peeta chuckles, the kisses my neck. "That was..." "So fucking good?" I copy his words, then laugh, feeling light and happy. "Yeah, just that." He pulls out of me after placing a quick kiss on my lips then gets up and goes into what I'm guessing is his bathroom. I hear water running then being shut off and Peeta comes back into the room, with a small wet towel in his hand. He hands it to me so I can clean myself the takes it back to the bathroom when I'm finished. "Smiling suits you," he compliments me again. I'm about to make some witty comment about what he said when Peeta kisses me, making forget how to talk. "I'm going to get some water, I feel pretty dehydrated after what we just did," he chuckles, then kisses my forehead. "You want some?" I nod. He smiles at me, chuckling again then walks off, leaving me with my thoughts, which are pretty much incoherent right now. Bringing the tips of my fingers to my mouth, I touch my swollen lips and smile. Well that some one heck of a fuck. I can't even believe I second guessed coming home with Peeta, since it seems like the best decision I've made in months, maybe years. And then it happens, the uneasy feeling I get when things are going good. My thoughts clear and my walls come back up just as strong as they had prior Peeta Mellark and wait for the other shoe to drop. I hear Peeta walk back from his kitchen but this time he's talking on the phone to someone. He walks into his bedroom and I see that he's talking to someone on my phone. What the fuck? Holding out the phone to me, he smiles, however, he is met by my scowl. What the fuck makes it his business to answer my fucking phone? I snatch it away from his hand and look at the screen to check caller ID. Fucking great. "Hey, Prim," I say, sliding off the bed to look for my underwear. I find them and slip them on, with my shoulder holding my phone against my ear. "Prim? You there?" "You hooked up with someone!?" "Prim, it's not what you think, let me explain." "What's there to explain! You hooked up with someone!" she laughs and I stop short, with one of my arms through the sleeve of my dress. "You're not mad?" "Of course not! I'm happy for you! This is like you saying that you're ready to move on!" "Prim-" "Look, I don't want to bother you anymore, I just called to check on you since you weren't home yet and it's pretty late but it seems like you're more than okay..." "Prim-" "Go have fun! You can give me the details later, love you, bye!" "Prim!" I shout but she's already ended the call. Rolling my eyes, I carry on putting my clothes on. "Is everything okay?" Peeta asks, getting dressed too. "Yeah." "You're leaving?" "Yeah," I walk out of his bedroom and go with my gut, turning left down the hallway, hoping that it's the way out. "You don't have to," he says quietly, following me as I look for my shoes. I find them dropped near the counter top, and slip them on. "When can I see you again?" "I don't know, I'm pretty busy with work lately," I reply nonchalantly, pulling on my coat and throwing my bag over my shoulder. I try to walk over to the elevator but Peeta grabs my hand and twirls me so that I'm facing him. He grabs my face and kisses me hard. His tongue invading my mouth and sending shivers from the crown of my head to the tips of my toes. When he finally lets go of me, I feel as if my bones have turned to mush. He places his hand on the small of my back and walks with me to the elevator, he pushes some buttons and in no time the metal doors slide open. I step inside. "See you around, Katniss...?" "Everdeen." As the doors slide closed, I carve Peeta's image into my head; his toned body, the way his pants hang low on his hips, showcasing the delicious 'v' of his abs, his sculpted face, the light blonde of his hair and his eyes. The bluest of blue. "Bye Peeta," I mumble as the elevator starts its trajectory down the building, feeling a strange sense of loss.