here before I do something stupid like jump on him or tell him I love him. After a shower, I feel much better and I open the door to find him sitting up in bed, his arms stretched behind his head. "Good morning," he says with a broad smile. "Morning. I need to get to the woods while it's still early. When were you planning to leave? I mean…I'll see you before you go, right?" "Katniss." He gives me a look and pats the bed next to him. I climb in beside him and nuzzle up to his chest. His arms wrap around me and I temporarily forget everything. "Last night was amazing," he says into my hair. "It was," I agree. "I don't have to leave you know." "But you said you wanted to find yourself. That you needed some time." "That was before…Katniss, I didn't think you felt that way about me. I mean, I've fallen in love with you all over again but I was content to be your friend if that's all you wanted." My heart sinks with every word. He can't feel like this. I don't want him to leave but he deserves better than 12. He deserves a life, a happy life, a complete life and he won't find that here. Or with me. "If you want me to stay, then I'll stay." I can't look at him. I can't stand to see the love in his eyes. "I don't want you to go, Peeta, but you need to. You need to find happiness." "I've found happiness," he says urgently. "With you." "No. I can't make you happy." "You DO make me happy." "No," I say again, louder this time. I sit up, needing to get away from his embrace, as much as it kills me to be away from him. "I'll never marry or have children, Peeta. And you deserve all of that. You deserve a family. A wife who will love you with everything she has. I can't give you any of that." "Katniss, I don't need all of that," he reaches for my hands. "All I want is you." "You say that now but in five years? Ten? You'll regret staying with me. You'll regret not having a family." "I wouldn't regret being with you! I've loved you since I was a little boy. I don't need anything else if I have you." "You need to leave 12, Peeta. You need to travel and see the world. You said yourself you need to remember who you were. I can't help you do that! What happens if you have another flashback? Worse than your last one, I mean. And you wake up to find me dead." His eyes widen and his face is etched with pain. I have to hurt him. I have to make him leave. He can't stay here. 12 will destroy him. "You don't belong here anymore, Peeta. There's nothing left for you here." "I have you, don't I?" His voice is so small and timid that it tears at my heart. "I'll always care about you." His eyes narrow. "What was last night then? Just your way to say goodbye?" "I wanted to give you something that was precious to me. A way to remember me by. A piece of me to take with you, wherever you go." He shakes his head and runs his fingers through his hair. "I can't believe this. What are you trying to do, Katniss? Are you trying to mess me up even more? Do you get pleasure in seeing how fucked up I can get?" "Peeta of course not. It's just-" "Just what? What is it? Tell me, please, because right now, I definitely can't understand why you would fuck someone if you don't love them." I wince at his foul words. "You said yourself, sex could be an escape." He gapes at me, his jaw wide open. "That was all it was to you then? A way for you to forget? You were just USING me?" "No! I wanted that with you! I wanted it before the Quarter Quell! I wanted YOU!" "But you don't love me!" I rear back and bring my arms around myself. "I'm tired of this, Katniss. Just tell me. Just tell me if it was real." I blink back tears; he can't see me cry. "You love me…real or not real?" I remember in the Quell I dreamed about a place where Peeta could raise his children in love and safety. For a moment, I imagine myself beside him. But how could that ever be? I could never raise a child. I'm too damaged, too…fucked up as Peeta says. He deserves someone like Delly…a cute Merchant girl who can take care of him. Give him beautiful blue-eyed blonde babies. Someone who isn't covered in scars. Someone who's not me. "Not real," I say in the quietest of voices. But I know he hears me. His sharp intake of breath makes my tears fall and he leans back against the bed. "Right," he finally says and the hollowness of it makes me look away. When I chance a look at his face, I regret it. Emptiness. No pain. No anger. Just emptiness. I've destroyed him. It's worse than when I told him it was all an act. I have completely destroyed him now. Now he has to leave. He has nothing left here. Absolutely nothing. Without another word, he moves off the bed and bends to grab his clothes. I hear his heavy footsteps on the stairs and the door open and slam shut. After he's gone, I fall forward into the blankets and sob. I sob even harder when I realize they smell like him. That unique mixture of cinnamon and dill and I can only describe it as Peeta. I've lost him. I've lost the boy with the bread. Please review and let me know what you think! Next part will be up soon! :)