would let out hums of approval that resonated through his body and tightened his stomach. He pulled his hips away and lifted her up by her elbows, pulling her against the wall again. He shoved the bottom of her dress up over her hips and ripped her panties off. He plunged a finger into her core, moaning loudly at just how wet she was. "Hold on," he muttered. Katniss clung to his neck and when he lifted her up, she wrapped her slender legs around his waist. "Tell me you want this as much as I do." "Please," she whimpered, feeling the tip of his cock against her opening. "Tell me!" he commanded. "Tell me you think about me. Tell me you dream about me. Tell me you want me to fuck you so hard you'll never be able to think about anyone else. Tell me it's the same for you." "Yes!" She cried. "Yes, Peeta. I need you. I want you. Fuck, Peeta, I can't even look at Delly anymore because of you." She bit her bottom lip. "Fuck me." He pushed into her, filling her completely. She pulled him closer with her legs as he thrust into her. She was perfect, just like he knew she'd be. Every movement made him want her more. Made him need her. He couldn't get enough of her now that she was his. His fingers dug into her legs as he held her up with a strength he had never felt before. She made him feel alive and powerful and he could never go back to his life before her. There was no "before" anymore. He didn't care if there was a "next" either. He needed this moment for eternity. He needed to be with this woman right now, right here, and nothing else. She was his air and his life and his every desire. The melded together into one body again and again. His muscles were shaking but he refused to let go. Somewhere, in the back of his mind, he knew this wasn't real. He was too confident with her. She was too comfortable with him around. All of this was too perfect for it to be real. The fantasy ended when they reached their peak. She was just a fantasy. She wasn't real. He couldn't stop. He needed to fill her. He needed to hear her cries of pleasure. He needed to feel her scratching down his back. And when her muscles clamped around him and her head fell into his shoulder, he let go. The sunlight filtered in through the curtains in Peeta's bedroom. His head was pounding and he was fairly confident he was going to throw up at some point. There was a mess of blonde hair curled up beside him, sleeping lightly. Delly. His Delly, who was always there in the morning and loved him. His Delly, whom he loved. But as he drank her in, her pale features against his dark green sheets, he wondered how much of their love is just a convenience now. Could his fantasizing about another woman - to the extent of imagining fucking her against a wall in a club - be a sign of his true feelings about Delly? He had never imagined a life without her before he met Katniss. And now the dark-haired beauty invaded his every thought. He saw her everywhere he went, he compared her to other women, like he used to do with Delly. "Dells?" He shook her shoulder lightly until she rolled over with a sleepy smile. "Hey, Peet. You got in so late last night. How was your night out with Finnick?" He propped his head up on his elbow. "It was good. How was your night with the girls?" She paused. "It was good." Her forehead furrowed and she pursed her lips. She drew little circles on the sheet between their bodies. "Peet…do you ever wonder if…" He reached over and held her hand. "If what, Dells?" Delly's smile didn't reach her eyes. "Do you ever wonder if we're only together because it's easy?" Her blue eyes started to tear up and Peeta brushed them away with a thumb. "I just…Peeta I love you so much but lately…" Peeta smiled at her. "…Lately it hasn't been the same." She nodded her head and Peeta rolled onto his back. Before he knew it, a laughter started ripping through him. He clutched his stomach and even let out a tiny snort. She joined in a few minutes later and soon they were tired and spent, muscles aching from laughing so hard. "How did we get here and not know it?" Delly asked, wiping a tear from her eye. Delly gave Peeta so much shit for having a crush on her yoga instructor that during her next class, she insisted he come pick her up so he could ask Katniss out. Somehow, despite the length of their relationship, Delly and Peeta came out of the breakup closer than ever. They were still best friends, evident by Delly's insistence that Peeta make a move with the other woman if it would make him happy. At the end of class, with a not-so-subtle push from his ex, Peeta made his way over to where Katniss was talking with another member of the class. He cleared his throat and Katniss turned toward him. A smile crossed her face briefly, but she seemed to think better of it. "Hi. Peeta, right?" "Yeah. Peeta. Um…I was…uh, wondering if, uh, you would like to, uh…" His eyes caught the gym bag that she shifted onto her shoulder. In it, he saw a flash of a red-orange hair ribbon. His stomach tightened at the fantasy. "Would you like to get a drink with me sometime?" Katniss glanced over at Delly, who must have given her some sort of confirmation. "Sure." She wrote down her address and handed it to him. "How about The Hob? I'm kind of in a mood."