her, palming her breasts as he slipped back inside her and he pressed his forehead to her back. "Fuck Katniss. You are so tight like this," he whispered into her ear. She gasped and moaned, writhing in her binds. He reached around and his thumb found her clit again. One, two, three swipes had her coming undone and her orgasm milked him of his. He collapsed on her back, trying to steady his breathing. He reached up to unchain her but he heard a sharp "Nuh uh" from behind him. He turned to face them, his face red. "What the hell else do you want from us?" "Careful Mellark. If you want to keep your little girl on fire safe, you won't anger us." "We gave you what you paid for. Now let us leave." "I think it's our turn for some fun." Peeta was over her in an instant, shielding her from their view. "You won't fucking touch her." But one of then men was obviously stronger than Peeta and had him flat on his back in minutes. Peeta glared up at him as he fought to get free but the Capitol citizen grabbed another pair of handcuffs and had him chained next to Katniss. She tried to look over her shoulder, her terrified eyes meeting his. "Look," he pleaded, "She's my fiancé. Please. Just leave her alone." "We know how hard this must be to watch." Peeta's narrowed eyes flew from one man to another. "So we won't make you watch," he said, swooping down and covering Peeta's eyes. He thrashed around in rage, starting when he heard Katniss cry out. "I will kill you bastards, do you hear me?!" "He talks way more than he did in the Games." "I can fix that." "Katn-mmmph!" they shoved a wad of material in his mouth, cutting off his cry. Tears streamed from his eyes underneath the cloth as he heard slaps and cries and he cursed himself for not being able to protect her after all. The sound of a zipper and then a sickened "yes baby" made him jerk around, desperately trying to free himself. The two men laughed and the sound of Katniss's pleas tore at Peeta's heart. Suddenly, there was a sharp scream followed by a stream of "please don'ts" and Peeta felt like he was suffocating. He heard the door bang open and felt the bed lift as the two men jumped to their feet. "Pretty sure that President Snow did NOT agree to this," came a furious voice. "We paid for-" "The Victors. You paid for a show from the Victors. This was not a part of the contract. Get the fuck out of here. Now." "We'll tell President-" "You go ahead and tell him and be sure to tell him how you're treating his Victors too! Get OUT!" Peeta heard the sound of feet scrambling and Haymitch's heavy sigh. "Are you alright, sweetheart?" Peeta felt the blindfold lift and he blinked, blinded by the bright lights of the train. Katniss tore away his gag and leaned down to unchain him. He sat up and enveloped her in his embrace, burying his face in her hair. "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry," he said over and over as he rocked them back and forth. Haymitch had gone from the room and Katniss was stroking his hair. "Peeta, stop. It's not your fault." "I promised to protect you. I let them-what did they do to you, Katniss?" "Nothing Peeta, I'm fine. They didn't hurt me." "But-" "Let's get out of here. Please." He nodded and handed her the robe she had been wearing. He collected their remaining clothes, took her hand, and lead her out of the compartment. They went back to his compartment and he released her hand to allow her to take a scalding shower, then without even dressing, she slid under the covers and buried her face in his chest. Salty kisses were exchanged and their tears mixed together as they settled down into one another and drifted off to an uneasy sleep. Peeta was restless most of the night. Finally deciding he needed a cup of warm milk, he carefully pushed back the covers so not to disturb her and he pulled his prosthetic on before limping into the dining car. Haymitch was propped up in a chair, unsurprisingly with a drink in his hand. "Haymitch." The old mentor turned and blinked. "Thank you. For coming in when you did." "Sorry I didn't get there sooner. Don't imagine it was too much fun, being blindfolded and gagged." "When you came in…what were they doing to her?" Haymitch was silent and Peeta's eyes burned. "Haymitch…please. Just tell me." "Far as I could tell, they hadn't done anything to her. Just being assholes and disrespecting her. When I came in, one of em was waving his dick in her face but they weren't raping her, Peeta." Peeta blinked back tears, feeling his heart lighten slightly. "Do we have to do more of those…engagements?" "Unfortunately, kid, you two are the Capitol's new playthings. But Effie and I have fought very hard to make sure you can never be purchased alone. You're a package price. You're in this together." "Together," he breathed. "You said that we are on this train forever now. That we'll never be free." "Freedom is all in how you look at it, kid. If you don't mind taking this ride with sweetheart, then your freedom is with her. Alone, you're a prisoner. Together, you're free." Haymitch finished downing his liquor and closed his eyes. Peeta felt that was as good as any dismissal and he crept back to his compartment, forgetting about the milk. He slid in behind her and placed a gentle kiss on her cheek before he lay his head next to hers. "Peeta," he heard her whisper. "Mmhm?" "Stay with me." He wrapped his arms around her and kissed her neck. "Always, Katniss. We're in this together. Always." END