Hi, I'm Democritta Nyx! Remember we met at the Caecilius laurels! I presented the awards and I was all like 'the winner is Nyrro Blighthaven' and you were all like 'I'd like to thank everyone I've ever met like ever blah blah blah' and it was really super duper boring so I made sure to avoid you for the rest of the night! But now you're here and you're not boring and we're working together so even if you were still boring I wouldn't be able to avoid you and... ooh I like your dragon tattoos! Are they new?" "Err, hello Ms Nyx." I say, somewhat taken aback at the enthusiasm of my particularly... jumpy co-host. "Actually I got these when I was eight." I smile, pointing to my neck, where the two black dragons rest. "But these are new," I pull up my trouser leg and indicate a scorpion and a pair of snakes circling my ankle, "Do you like them?" "Ooh." Democritta stares at my ankle and bobs her head, her entire small body shaking with enthusiasm. "They're super!" I smile, making my way to the dressing room. I actually came in my suite, so the change takes only a short time, which is probably lucky because Democritta, Moros and the whole team of stylists working on my face and nails spend the entire time bending my ear, reassuring me or congratulating me on my new found fortune or just babbling inanely. When I finally leave after what feels like an age I am, by all accounts, fed up with the sound of the human voice, which is a real shame, since I'm about to be presenting in front of a sizable audience of the things. "Blighthaven!" I spin on my heel as the crisp, cool voice of the Head Games Maker fills my ears. "Mr Agathodaimon!" I call, in my element in a room full of people paying a tension to me, "Howdy!" "Good morning." Judex Agathodaimon dismisses me with a wave of his hand and the slightest hint of a frown. His voice betrays nothing, as always, except for mild boredom. "Yes, yes. Tall, good. Dark, good. Handsome..." "Debatably." A woman to the side of him comments and I grimace. "Quite. Confident. Maybe too much? Is it off putting?" He looks around as if expecting a response, before promptly interrupting the woman when she opens her mouth to answer, "My thoughts exactly. Hmm, he's handsome enough to attract the teenage female demographic but not handsome enough for the opposing male demographic to feel jealous of him. Piercings. Tattoos. Hm, yes quite acceptable. How do you speak?" I raise an eyebrow and give him my most crowd pleasing smile, "Shouldn't you know? I mean, you hired me." "An attempt at humour? Good. That should peak the ratings." Judex gives a glimmer of a smile. "Mr Brighthaven, do you know what you are here for?" "To present the Games?" I frown. Seriously, is this a trick question? Judex nods. "The Games are comprised of two parts, practical and media centered. We are in charge of making sure the tributes suffer and know the pain of the Capitol's revenge, you are here to package it. You are replaceable but you are not expendable. We'd prefer it if you don't embarrass yourself." "If its alright with you sir." I grin, "I'll do my best." "Good," Judex turns away from me. "Avox! Water!" Someone in a white suit calls us to make our way to the stage and as I do so, I hear a sound coming from behind me. A whirring and a clunking of gears grows louder and louder as whatever is making it comes closer. I realize as the thing draws even with me that 'it' is actually a he. A man in a wheelchair to be exact. The wheelchair's occupant, a man who looks oddly familiar to me, grips my hand with his own and stares up into my eyes. "Nyrro Blighthaven?" Even after all these years, I still recognize the voice, still as clear and calm as ever, although it has grown quieter with age. I nod, too stunned to say anything as the old man squeezes my hand with his own. "Good luck." Ceasar Flickerman beams, his words more a command than a mere congratulation. "Thank you sir," I nod, feeling a tear of pride in my eye, which I swiftly wipe away as I make my way towards the stage, Democritta skipping giddily beside me. "And may the odds be forever in your favour." Caesar smiles warmly but sadly, releasing my hand and wheeling himself towards the guests booth, joining my family and a host of famous sponsors and Games Makers. Els was right and so was Moros. I can do this. Hosting the Hunger Games is what I was born to do and I'm not going to let any of them down. Not Els, not Thalia, not Moros, not even Judex or Nathaniel, even though they've never done anything for me. We step out into a wave of noise. Reaching out I grip Democritta by the waist. She yelps in surprise as I pull her into a tight hug and wave to the cheering audience who go insane at the spectacle. The crowd whoops as cameras buzz around them, flashing pictures that will be splashed across the covers of every tabloid from now until the end of time. "HELLOOO PANEM!" I roar in perfect unison with the beautiful Ms Nyx, "HAPPY ONE HUNDRED AND SECOND HUNGER GAMES!" The crowd cheer back, their voices mingling with ours to send up a cry that resonates across all twelve Districts and reverberates off of the heavens. "AND MAY THE ODDS BE FOREVER IN YOUR FAVOUR!" A/N: And the Games begin. Please remember the tribute form is on my profile, so check there and don't hesitate to review! I look forwards to your support and hope you'll enjoy reading this as much as I enjoy writing it!