to be there for Haymitch, I can't be a mess, which I'm sure will come eventually. Under the harsh hospital lights, you could hardly tell Haymitch favors my darker complexion. He's completely ashen and thinner than I ever remembered. I can't help but reach out for his hand and find it cold. I whip my head around, needing confirmation that I'm not too late and that his heart is still beating. I can't hear the monitor over the rushing of blood through my ears, but I visibly relax when I see a strong pulse on the monitor by his bedside. "You asshole," I hiss, wiping my eyes. "What the hell is wrong with you?" "Swearing at him won't help." My hand tightens around the old man's when I hear him come up behind me. Of course Peeta would be here as well. It made sense that we're both his point of contact, just in case one of us couldn't be reached. "It can't hurt." He chuckles, a sound I've missed over the years. "Knowing him, it may be just the thing to wake him up. Nothing else seems to be working." I nod. I don't know how to respond. After my sister died, my only family was Peeta and Haymitch. One I apparently can only see late at night for sex and the other is laying unconscious in a hospital room. The only reason anyone found him was…"How did they find him?" Peeta sits in a chair at the foot of Haymitch's chair and sips from a paper coffee cup. "I found him. He didn't answer when I brought him some bread so I let myself in. He was…" He's struggling to find the words. He never struggles to find the words. Words are what he's good at. When I look over, I see him fighting to keep the tears from spilling. Words and emotions. That's my Peeta. "He was in the kitchen, leaned over the table, like usual. But he didn't respond when I tried to wake him." "Did you try-" "Water? Yeah. It didn't work." I frown, looking back down at Haymitch. Water is a last resort we learned a few years into our relationship, but it always worked. "He's going to be okay, though. Right?" I turn to face him. "He has to be. It's Haymitch." Peeta doesn't answer because he can't. And in that moment, I lose any semblance of self-control I had. I stand there, holding onto Haymitch's hand, and cry. I've already lost my dad. And my sister. I can't lose him, too. I can't. I won't. I hear Peeta stand up from the chair and walk over to us. His hand covers mine so we're both holding onto our neighbor. Our friend. Our dad. His other arm wraps around my shoulders and I turn into him, burying my face in his shoulder. He whispers things into my hair. I don't need to know what he's saying. I don't care what he's saying. I just need him there. We only release his hand when a nurse comes in for his stats and to update us on his condition. "He's stable," she tells us, "but not out of the woods. It'll be a long night." Throughout the evening nurses shuffle in and out. Johanna and Finnick both come in to check on us, but ultimately it ends up being just Peeta and I. We sit in chairs next to each other for strength, taking turns letting our emotions wash over us. We're all cried out, mentally exhausted from worrying about Haymitch before the night shift begins. The night nurse comes in to introduce herself and check on Haymitch. She updates the board near the door and it's the first time either of us realize what day it is. Three years. "Should one of us be drunk?" The words are out of my mouth before I can stop them. I feel Peeta stiffen next to me and I immediately wish I could take it back. "For…for Haymitch," I cover, hoping he doesn't notice. "He's probably still drunk enough for both of us," Peeta answers. I laugh. Because it's ridiculous and inappropriate and exactly what Haymitch would want us to do. It's infectious and soon we're both laughing so loudly that a nurse has to come in and check in on us. It feels good, laughing with Peeta like this. I've missed it. I tell him so and his mood sobers instantly. "Katniss…I-" "I screwed up," I admit, curling my legs up to my chest, resting my feet on the edge of the chair. "I know that." "It wasn't just you," he says, reaching over for my hand. "I've-" "Excuse me?" The night nurse popped her head in. "Visiting hours are over. Unless you both are planning on staying all night, you'll have to go." He starts to rise when I reach out for his arm, needing him to make it through the night. He looks down at me with those eyes that are beautiful and truthful. And mine. The word swims around my brain with such ferocity. They are mine. He is mine. I am his. "Stay?" His forehead furrows, which makes my stomach drop. I know that look. I hate that look. But he surprises me when he settles back down in the chair. "Always." He kisses my forehead and I lean into him, resting my head on his shoulder. It's an uncomfortable sleep, propped up in plastic chairs, but with his arm around me and my hand clutching his, we make it through the night. I wake first, when the sun starts to peep through the curtain. I stretch, my back crying in pain at the position it was stuck in all night. A few pops make it all better. The hoarse laughter nearly causes it to spasm back out of place. "Morning, Sweetheart." I turn from Haymitch to look at Peeta, who has just started to wake and I smile. "Yeah. It is."