be just as strong as any of the others, only your leg gets in the way sometimes. But it's the Capitol after all, I'd be surprised if they couldn't fix it up for you. Even with an injured leg, you're mentally stronger. You've been starving, you can look after yourself. Careers? They don't know what hungry is. You can use a bow and arrow like nobody I've ever seen, your arrows never miss a single target once you have your eyes set on it. You've lived the arena life for 16 years, it will be no different to you. You can come home, I don't doubt that for a second." His body's tensed up, eyes transformed from being soft and careful to hard and serious. "Please come home?" I feel like I'm watching somebody beg for their life at his last question. How do I respond to that? What feels like an hour passes before I respond. My voice has transformed into a whisper "I will," closing my eyes, "I'll make sure of it, Hawthorne." Rough yet gentle hands move my head from his lap, as he lies down beside me and faces me, his hand finds its way to my waist, fingers tracing undefinable shapes. I glance up at the large clock that hangs by the window; We have 30 minutes remaining together. I don't think I'll have another visitor after Gale, but I'm not sure about Peeta. We lay in silence, my hands mindlessly playing with the buttons on his shirt while his hands can't decide if they should play with my hair or continue tracing fingers over my waist. "Your hair's a strange colour. Have I ever told you that?" Hearing his voice break the silence makes me laugh, especially with such a strange question. "Many times, actually." I retort, snacking his hand away from my hair. I sit up and comb my hair with my fingers, removing all the knots Gale had formed in my hair and toss it behind my back. My hair flows in waves down to my waist, a shade of ginger uncommon for my District. I often get teased about it. Gale makes jokes, but they're never hurtful. Then he feels guilty and admits he actually adores my hair colour and was only joking. "Hey, I love your hair. You know I'm only joking." He looks at me pleadingly. "I do." I smile back. I'm glad we're talking about my hair rather than awkwardly wishing me luck, making me promises etc. I prefer it like this, it feels natural. Gale pulls me and almost lifts me somewhat, placing me on his lap again. Only this time my eyes are level to his. "You know every tribute is allowed a token from their District, right?" I nod, "Well, I want this to be yours." His hand fumbles with his own before removing a gold ring from his finger, and sliding it onto my own, a surprising fit. A smile erupts on my face, knowing this ring means the world to him. "Gale, I can't!" I say to him. As much I mean it, I also hope he lets me keep it. Otherwise I'd have nothing to remind myself of him, or the district while I was gone. "It's yours. I want you to look at it and think about me, okay? I want it back when you're home, though." Gale really does have a way with words. He's comforted me when I thought it wasn't possible, this being one of those moments. My arms wrap around his neck, my lips plant themselves on his cheek to thank him. Not just for the ring or coming to visit me, but for being a friend for many years to me. The arrow on the clock is dangerously close to signalling the end of our time together, and we spend the rest of it in silence. Everything is out in the air between us now, nothing left unsaid. "Thank you, Gale. For everything." Our noses are almost touching, foreheads pressed tightly together. Even for me this is intimate, but I'm okay with it. Today, anyway. I hear the door handle click, and I know our time is up. A man in a white body suit takes the place of where the door once was, and signals Gale to leave. The body suit the Peacekeepers wear look like shells with helmets.. It's strange. He stands up and I join him, and we both embrace one final time. He takes a deep breath before releasing me, planting a small kiss on my forehead before turning away. "I want my ring back, don't forget, Eve." Is his last playful comment before the door is shut, and I'm left to think back at everything that just happened in the last hour. I sit in silence, admiring the golden band around my finger, when the door opens to reveal a very smiley Effie, closely followed by a guarded Peeta. Her large pink wig seems to have shifted, but I make no comment about it as we're quietly led out of the back door of the Justice Building, into a car where we make a quick, and again silent journey to the train station where we're greeted by a crowd of men mostly holding large cameras and microphones. Effie murmurs something about no comments being made, and we're swiftly led into mechanical doors of the train. What do you think so far?! I loved writing this chapter, and look forward to begin writing the next one. Please let me know if there's anywhere I can improve or change my writing so I know for future chapters. Any questions or ideas/requests you have for the next chapters, I will happily take into account if left in a personal message or a review. Thank you so much for even reading this, but please leave me some form of feedback, whether it's complimentative or constructing criticism, every message is highly appreciated! Thank you so much!