clawed my way to the top, I still can't handle the pressure. I must be the worst, most pathetic highest ranked Career in all the sixty-five years we've had the Games. "Yes, sir," I say, and head out to the shed. Another year. Another reaping. It's funny how it's the children from the Career districts who are the safest from the Games. They know that if their name is drawn, a Career will volunteer for them. The reaping for us is just meant to decide which of the top two Careers will compete. As we're lined up I pass by Zeke. He looks like he's about to faint, but really he has little to worry about. Sure he'll have to compete if he's called, but his name is only in there four times. Four slips of paper out of thousands. As opposed to me, where my name is in there for every single boy whose last name begins with the first half of the alphabet. The reaping begins. We hear about the history of Panem, the rebellion, the formation of the Hunger Games. People are talking but it all goes right over my head. I can't hear anything but the slamming of my heart in my chest. I could just refuse to volunteer, but I've already decided that I won't do that. Tyler will volunteer, because he desperately wants the glory of winning the Games. Even if he didn't want to compete, since he's a Career it wouldn't even occur to him that he can, you know, break the rules and not volunteer. This thought has occurred to me, but I can't do it. If someone from my half of the alphabet is called, the poor kid will be expecting me to volunteer and save his life. If I don't, I'm sentencing him to death, and I can't live with myself if I do that, even if he is a Career. Not to mention that if I didn't, the entire district would treat me even worse than they did when I was twelve. Pan, our escort, takes the stage. His eyes are a different color every year, and this year they are bright orange. And bigger too, I think. He must've gotten surgery. "Welcome, District Four, the Sixty-fifth Hunger Games!" he says into the microphone in a booming voice, his accent clipping his words and hissing each s . The crowd goes crazy, cheering, clapping, stomping their feet. "That's the spirit I know and love from this district!" Pan says, so proud to be an escort to one of the wealthiest districts. Imagine if he worked for a place like District 12, poor and filled with starving children, how unpleasant his job would be. Imagine. "Enough chatter. Let's get straight to the good part! Happy Hunger Games and," Pan says, and here the crowd joins in to recite the slogan with him, "may the odds be ever in your favor!" There's more applause, and then Pan goes over to the bowl with the boys' names. I can almost see my name over and over, on half the slips. Finnick Odair. Finnick Odair. Finnick Odair. Please, no. Please, please. Please not me. Pan fishes around in the bowl. He returns to the microphone. "Our boy tribute is..." I'm so nervous that I only hear the last name, Patterson. Patterson! It's the second half of the alphabet. Patterson. Not me. Then my stomach drops. Patterson. Zeke Patterson. Not Zeke. He'll die within seconds. This is a death sentence. For the first time, I understand what the weaker districts go through every year, watching their children walk up the stage to their deaths. The crowd goes crazy. It's been years since one of the lowest ranking Careers has been called. I'm not sure that my father has even been alive to witness it. I watch Zeke walk to the stage, but he can barely carry himself. I can't hear over the screaming protests of the crowd, but I know that Zeke is crying. Pan has to yell, "Silence!" at least ten times before everyone finally quiets down. Zeke is now on the stage, tears streaming down his face. He grabs Zeke by the wrist and lifts his arm in the air. "The winner is Zeke Patterson!" There's more protests, but they're quiet, muffled. "Now, would anyone like to volunteer as tribute?" Everyone is painfully quiet. These are the rules, the way it must be done. No one wants Zeke to go in. They want to see District 4 bring home a winner, not Zeke's body in a casket. But these are the rules, and the only way for this system to work is to follow them. I'm waiting, silently begging, for someone with authority to speak out against this. But these are the Careers we're talking about here. We're raised to live and die by the rules, to do anything else is a great dishonor. So there's no sound except Zeke's choked sobs. "All right then! Let's move onto the girls then!" Pan says. My heart is beating faster than ever. No, this can't be happening. No one deserves this less than Zeke. Pan walks back to the microphone, and I've already made my decision. I must, once again, be an outcast among the Careers. I will never forgive myself if I don't do this, and for once the fact that I'm not good enough to be a real Career is going to help matters. I push past the other boys, ignoring their glares, and race down the center aisle. "Ladies and gentlemen, the female tribute—" Pan says. "Wait! Wait!" I scream. Pan is shocked. He looks at me with his bright orange eyes, unable to comprehend what I can possibly be doing. "I volunteer as tribute!" I say. "What?" cries Pan into the microphone, and again the crowd reacts. I say it again, loudly so that he can hear me over the chorus of all the other voices, "I volunteer as tribute."