one leg over the huge vehicle then looks at me and smirks. "Even though that pout is damn cute, stop being such a girl, I'll go slow okay?" I punch his arm, scowling then sit behind him, clutching the sides of the seat like a life line. Peeta holds my wrists and brings them to his chest, making me feel his heartbeat and a deep rumble as he chuckles when I try to pull away. "It's better if you hold onto me, Mockingjay!" He shouts over the roar of the engine and speeds off. The whole ride I remain with my eyes clenched shut and squeal every time he makes a sharp turn or zig zags between cars to avoid traffic. When we arrive at the place Peeta is taking me to eat, I almost throw myself of the bike and kiss the floor. I hold onto a streetlight and wait for my legs to no longer feel like rubber, all the while, Peeta laughs, wiping tears from his eyes. "It's not funny!" I shout, shoving his chest when he comes near me. "You jerk! You said you'd go slow!" "I'm sorry... But... You face! It's priceless! You look like you've seen a ghost!" He says in between fits of laughter, making me even more pissed off. "No, not a ghost, my damn death!" I growl before storming off into a diner called Greasy Sae's. "I'm sorry, Mockingjay, I didn't mean for you to get scared or angry, I won't do it again" Peeta tries to put his hand over my shaky ones, however my scowl makes him change his mind. We give our order to the waitress, who in my opinion needs to stop batting her eyelashes so much, and stay silent. My mood going from bad to worse, until Peeta clears his throat and looks at me with those sky blue eyes. "So you're from Philadelphia?" Peeta eyes still trained on my face. "Yeah how'd you know?" "You said the Flyers were a family team so I guessed. What made you come all the way here?" I shrug. "Why do you hate me?" My head snaps up and I see genuine hurt in his eyes. "I-I don't hate you?" "But you don't exactly like me," he chuckles sadly. "I don't like being treated like an object just because I have a... Y'know ," I whisper, feeling my ears catching fire. "Know what?" he whispers back. "A-a you know what Peeta!" He furrows his brows and looks at me quizzically. "Urgh! A v- vagina ..." I growl through my teeth, keeping my eyes on the table, knowing my face is the same bright red. When I look at Peeta, he makes a weird noise at the back of his throat, then he hauls with laughter, banging his fist on the table. "Okay... We are... Officially friends... I don't care what you say, little bird" He says in between fits of laughter. "Good, my plan worked then," I smile, playing with the salt on the table. "I came here for a fresh start. What about you?" "I actually live an hour or so from here. My dad would chop my balls off before ever letting me move away any further," her mumbles as our food is set on the table. This time I laugh. "And she laughs!" Peeta gasps, making me laugh harder. "On the contrary to what you may believe, I still listen to my dad and respect him" "Oh, he has a heart!" I imitate him by gasping. "Ha, ha. Do you listen to your parents or are you a rebel at heart?" He asks taking a bite of his bacon burger. "My dad died and my mum left me but does listening to my uncle and my younger sister count?" I joke, trying to push away the lump that still forms in my throat with the thought of them. "I'm-" he tries to apologise but I shrug it off. "He died when I was ten, I'm okay," I lie. "My mum died when I was five," he says, drinking his beer. "Anyway, I have four brothers, Posy, Vick, Liam and Brendan." "So that's where you learnt how to fight..." I joke tapping my chin. "That and-" Peeta explanation got blocked when a bunch of guys at the back of the diner, all of them from the football team, burst out laughing. Peeta clenches his jaw and fists, as he narrows his eyes at them. "What?" I ask, blushing, yet again. "Don't worry, they aren't laughing at you, they're laughing at me" "Why?" I stuff some fries in my mouth before my stomach eats itself. "This is my first time taking a girl out" "What!" I choke on my fries. However, coming to think of it, I've never seen Peeta with any girl other than at college. Maybe this actually is his first time taking a girl out. "But you're not-" The team laughs louder and someone wolf whistles, my blush only deepens. "One second," he says before standing up. The noise of chairs scraping the floor fills the diner as the football team push each other and hurry to get away before Peeta can lay his hands on them. Peeta mutters something under his breathe then sits back down and smiles at me. "So, you were saying?" "Um, your not taking a girl out. You're eating with a friend, two different things" "I get it, your not going to sleep with me!" he laughs before taking another healthy bite of his burger. "Nope, never" "Never say never," he smirks. "Let's agree to disagree okay?" I roll my eyes and we carry on talking for the rest of the night. Author's note: If you guys didn't see it on the summary, this is based off this awesome book I read by Jaime McGuire called Beautiful Disaster. I know I should be finishing the other fanfics that I've started but man, this one was calling me in my sleep...