talking through a memory only he could see. "There were more than that Even when they weren't by my hand, I sent other children to kill children. Year after year and year, I…I prepared them. I mentored them. I sent them into that arena…they followed me everywhere I went. I couldn't get away from, them, I couldn't run far enough. I tried to paint them away, to get them out of my head but it wasn't enough. Nothing was enough. My family disowned me, I lost all my friends, I was a monster for allowing that to happen over and over and over again." "No," she said, "no that's not true. No such thing exists, Peeta! I've never even heard of something like that." "I don't know why or how or when it ended, but it did. And I was given an opportunity to finally be free, to let my soul rest and be forgiven for what I did. At least…" he finally looked up at him, his eyes red and brimming with unshed tears. "At least, I thought I did. I was told that if I could fall in love, and if someone could love me then I'd be free. But I don't expect you to love me after what I told you, especially if you didn't after we were together. So I left, and I'll stay gone. You'll never even know I'm here." As soon as the words were out of his mouth, he disappeared, leaving Katniss and Haymitch alone in the attic. "I…I need some air," she announced, somehow making her way outside to her porch. Haymitch joined her a few minutes later, sitting beside her. "He found some berries in the woods that he recognized from his Games. They're called Nightlock, they kill you as soon as their juices touch your tongue." "He killed himself?" "It was the only way he thought he could be of any use to those around him. There were no winners, Katniss, only survivors. And he…that boy was too good for what he was forced into. He was the only good person to ever make it out of there. Those he killed he did to ease their suffering. They were already dying and he ended them quickly, but never maliciously. For him, death was a welcomed relief. But he was punished for his act." "That's why he's still here?" Katniss couldn't believe she was having this conversation. Not only was someone telling her that her gardener, friend, and lover was dead, but that he was a ghost, punished for killing himself because he killed children in some sick, twisted competition. It was too much to handle yet here she was, somehow making sense of the situation. "What was he talking about, though? About being free?" "There are rules, apparently, to that sort of thing. Peeta was never unconditionally loved, it was the one thing he always craved, other than death. In order to achieve rest in death, he must be loved." Haymitch glanced over at her. "He loves you. He was hoping you'd love him back." "What a stupid ass," she answered. "How could he not know that I do?" Haymitch sighed. "Because I've only known you for a few hours and I can tell you're harder to read than ancient Egyptian, you stupid girl. And because he doesn't know what love looks like. Imagine if no one had ever told you they loved you." His words sunk in deep. In all the time she and Peeta knew each other, he never once mentioned his family or any friends. She had been too busy dealing with her own loss to recognize it at the time. All the things he had been doing for her and she never once repaid him. Never told him how she felt or what it all meant. Of course he didn't know. She pushed herself off the steps and marched inside, slamming the door shut. "Peeta Mellark!" She shouted at the ceiling. "Peeta Mellark, come down here right now!" "You don't have to shout." She jumped, spinning around to where he stood behind her, still disheveled and empty-looking. "Stop doing that," she instructed. "You're an idiot." "You called me down here to insult me?" "No. I called you down here to tell you that I do love you. You're the only person I ever want to spend time with. When I was at that wedding, all I could think was that I wanted you there. And then when you planted the primrose bushes it was like…you knew what I needed. I loved you then. And those things you did…I…I don't understand any of it. But I can't imagine having to go through that alone. I love you in spite of what you did. I love you because of what you did. I love you, you silly boy." She stepped forward and kissed him, pulling him as close as she could, tears streaming down her face. A warm light filled her and once again, she was alone. "Goodbye," she whispered, pressing three fingers to her lips and holding them up. Haymitch came to check in on her a few weeks later. Her front door was unlocked, so he let himself in. A thin layer of dust covered everything in the house and she didn't answer when he called. Time, it seemed, had stopped in the old house. He climbed the stairs and creaked open her bedroom door. There, in her bed, covered in the thin blanket, was her body. Around her mouth was a light red staining. The same coloring could be found on her fingers. And on the bedside table, next to a painting he recognized from the attic, was a handful of deep purple Nightlock berries. Haymitch glanced up. "Stupid kids," he mumbled. "Don't I get my reward? I finally did right by that boy." A bright light filled Haymitch and after over a hundred mortal years of life, he welcomed death as an old friend.