elbows. "What are you doing, Katniss? I mean, what is all of this? You just slapped my butt." She furrowed her eyebrows. "Yeah? And your point?" "You've never done that before. Then there's all the other stuff before, like you're trying to hurt me or something." "I'm trying to show you that it's alright if you do that to me," she said. "I don't want to do that to you. You think I've enjoyed those times I've left marks on your body?" Sometimes her mouth worked quicker than her brain, and before she could stop herself, she heard the words she knew she shouldn't have said. "Maybe I enjoy those times, did you ever think of that?" "Are you serious?" he asked in disbelief. "You liked it when I hurt you? Oh my God, you did! That night of Halloween, that wasn't just role playing with you, was it? You were completely and utterly loving everything I did to you!" "Well excuse me for wanting to have a little more fun during sex!" she yelled, feeling incredibly defensive around the one person who never made her feel so defensive. "I'm sorry that I'm not enough for you!" he screamed back, fishing his boxers off the floor and yanking them on. "Jesus, Katniss, do you even understand what I've done to you? The one thing I swore I would never do and of course the girl I love needs it to get off. You never used to complain about sex. So when the fuck did this start?" He ran his hand through his unruly hair as he searched for his clothes. "Shut the hell up, Peeta! I still don't complain about sex with you. But sometimes, I don't want nice sex. Sometimes I want to be fucked. Hard. I want you to pull my hair and slap my ass and do all kinds of crazy shit that could leave me bruised and scarred because GOD DAMNIT it feels good, ok!" He stared at her, his jaw clenched, and she hated herself for being so ridiculously turned on right now, but she refused to back down. "You know what, Katniss? I don't know that that's something I'm willing to do for you." His voice was low and quiet; eerily calm. It was the worst thing he could have said in the absolute worst tone. But she was stubborn. And she wouldn't let him win. "Then maybe you should leave." She didn't actually expect him to walk out. She thought maybe he'd yell some more and go sulk on the couch or something. But when she heard the unmistakable sound of the front door slamming and his car engine turn over, she realized just how big of a mistake she had made. She pushed him. He was just as stubborn as she was, even if he didn't show it the same way, and there was no way that pushing him into something he was so adamantly and fundamentally against would make him stay. She knew exactly why he didn't like doing those things to her, she just didn't know it would be enough to make him leave. "Are you sure you don't want to come out with us? Finnick's invited that Annie girl from the party. We're all pretty stoked to watch them interact." Katniss rolled her eyes. Finnick had been trying to get together with Annie since Halloween, but she was having nothing to do with his flirtatious personality and over-the-top ego. She wondered what he did to finally wear the brunette down. "No thanks, Madge. I think it's going to be a couch night." "Again?" Katniss could imagine her friend rolling her eyes. True, she had spent most nights alone on her couch since Peeta left. She hadn't told anyone about him, and she figured since no one was questioning her or insisting that she shouldn't be left alone, that he hadn't told anyone either. It was odd, but maybe it was the easiest way to save some embarrassment. " Hey, Peeta, what happened between you and Katniss?" " Oh, you know how it goes. Things were going great until she decided she wanted me to beat the shit out of her for her sexual gratification." That would go over real well. So here she was, another Friday night alone, with just basic cable to keep her entertained. She heard a knock at her door, and she was surprised to see Peeta standing on her doorstep, one hand in his pocket and the other holding a thick binder. "Peeta! What are you doing here?" He shuffled his feet for a few minutes and then thrust the binder into her hands. "What is this?" "I've, um, I've been doing some research. Can I come in?" She opened the binder and let out a gasp as she saw that he had, indeed, been doing research. Beginner's Guide to S&M, S&M for Beginners, How to Start with BDSM , websites and articles explaining what S&M was and wasn't, potential rules for partners, secure safe words, suggested candles for wax dripping, proper care for afterward. She flipped through each page, awed at his dedication to learning about this. "I get that you're into this, Katniss. I can't say that I'm all that comfortable with it, personally. But it's what you want and I'm willing to give it a try." She finally looked up at him. "Really?" He nodded. "Really. But this won't be an everyday thing, Katniss. I love you, and I don't like the idea that I'm hurting you, even if you like it." She dropped the binder to the floor and threw herself into his arms. "I love you so much, Peeta Mellark. And I promise, anything you think you might be into or want to test, I will do it in a heartbeat!" He chewed his inner cheek and smiled shyly at her. "I'm glad you brought that up, because, um, there is this one thing that I've always been curious about."