me." "You do?" She laughed. "I do. I was pissed when I found out, damn near hunted you down to throw it back in your face. You're lucky Rue likes you so much and defended your honor." Rue, their normal server, had gotten to know the trio over their trips and was always a friendly face. He made a mental note to give her an extra-generous tip next time. He shrugged. "I didn't think it was fair." "Why did you care? I mean, we had never talked before." He dipped his head and tapped his thumbs on the bar. "Uh, well, um….I've kind of had a crush on you since we first started coming here." "Shut the hell up. You have not." Peeta nodded. "I have. Madge and Delly give me hell about it. They, uh, they call you my 'awkward crush' because I normally get so tongue tied around you that I come off as, uh, well, awkward." "You seem to be doing fine now," she challenged. "What's the difference?" He hesitated. If he told her the truth - that it was Annie's story about him being with Katniss that made him more confident - he wasn't sure how she would take it. Annie was sick when she told him about that. There was no such thing as Panem or The Hunger Games , it was all made up in her head. What would it say about him if he believed the musings of a patient with schizophrenia? He absentmindedly began scratching at his forearm, stopping only when he noticed what he had done. A trident. "Annie believed that her world was better because it had love. That lovers there were determined to find each other and they always would. I guess…I like to believe she's in that world now and is with hers. And she'd want me to try to find mine." Katniss leaned over the bar and kissed him, her lips pressing softly against his. "I like this Annie. She's a smart girl, wherever she is." "I still can't believe you got a tattoo, Mellark!" Delly squealed as they entered Hay's a few weeks later. "Who are you and what have you done with my best friend?" Madge kept lifting the sleeve of his t-shirt over his bicep to see the new ink. "It's so beautiful. Where did you go?" "There's a little place near campus. Great guy who did the design. Um, Nick… I think he said was his name," Peeta answered. "Oh my God, Madge, if you were at all into guys, you would have flipped over him. Beautiful copper hair, tanned skin, and these gorgeous green eyes. He could probably give Peeta a run for his money in the charm department," Delly continued to gush over the tattoo artist, who, Peeta could admit, was an attractive guy. She had gone with him because she had the afternoon off and hadn't stopped talking about him since. They took their spots at their usual table, with Peeta insisting that Madge and Delly sit on their own side and let him sit alone. They acquiesced, throwing him questioning glances until the familiar smile and faint blush overtook his face. "Hey ladies," Katniss greeted them, sliding next to Peeta and giving him a kiss on the cheek. "Hi, Peeta." "Hi, Katniss," Madge answered. "How are you?" "I'm good. My shoulder is a little sore, I just got a new tattoo so it's still healing." "You did? Oh my God! Peeta just got one, too!" Delly cried out. Her eyes widened and jaw dropped. "You guys did not get matching tattoos, did you?" "Not…exactly," Peeta flushed. "We got the same thing, just a little different. And in different places." "And we went on different days. I think that gives us enough of an out," Katniss finished, elbowing him playfully. "Plus, mine is a different design." It was true. Peeta's tattoo was designed to mirror Annie's elaborate design while Katniss' was more earthy and abstract. When he told her he wanted to get a trident tattoo to memorialize Annie, she was more supportive than he could have figured. She asked if it'd be ok if she got a trident too, even though she didn't know Annie. He smiled, telling her that Annie really liked the Katniss she knew and would love this Katniss just as much. Finnick's trident gave Annie the strength to talk to Peeta. Without Annie and her fantasy world, Peeta would never have talked to Katniss and could very well be stuck in his own fantasy world. Katniss wasn't perfect, far from it, but she was real. And she was here, with him. He just hoped that Finnick's trident would indeed bring Annie and Finnick back together. "Annie? Annie?" She heard him calling her from her bed. Was this finally it, had Finnick finally come back for her? She pushed the covers off and slipped silently out of her bed and padded down the hall. "Finnick?" "Annie?" He was close by. She could tell. "Finnick!" She began running down the hospital corridor until she saw him, standing by the front desk, waiting for her. His smile filled his face and she ran into his arms so hard he fell into the wall. He wrapped his arms around her and she buried her face in his bronze hair. "Finnick! You came back!" "I promised you I would never leave you, Annie," he whispered back, kissing her fiercely. "I've missed you so much, Annie." "Are you here for good?" she asked, unable to imagine a world without him again. "You're here to stay?" Finnick turned her wrist over and placed a delicate kiss on her trident scar. "I'm here forever, my love." "I knew you would find me. I knew you didn't die." He helped her up and together they walked toward the front door of the hospital, hand in hand, two lovers bound to find each other. AN: Thanks to Chelzie for your help in fixing my mistakes.