and the buzz of the dying fluorescent lights. They pass by the cafeteria, but Peeta shakes his head at the offer of breakfast. The last thing he wants is food with the way he has been fighting off nausea since waking up this morning. She points to a door with windows that have metal grating on the outside of them. He looks out the window and sees a courtyard. "Do we ever get to go out there?" He asks her with a slight twinge of hope. She gives him a bright smile, "Yes, you do! If you look at your schedule, you have outside time between 10:30 and 11:30 a.m. It's very important for you to spend some time outside. Maybe you would like to bring your sketch pad with you when you go." He nods, "Maybe." She shows him a few more rooms on the first floor. She explains that the second floor, where his room is, is reserved for patients 18 years and younger. The third floor is reserved for the adult rooms. Everything is scheduled to where the two groups almost never see each other. The common area is a large room with several old ratty couches, a few round tables with plastic chairs, and a television that looks to be older than Peeta. They walk to the end of the corridor past the common area before stopping in front of a doorway. "Here is where your group therapy session will be held at 9:00 a.m. every morning. It is required you attend. I will walk you here every morning for the first few days, and then you will be responsible for yourself. I will be waiting for you right here when you are finished in about an hour. If at any time you need to leave, just tell them to page Effie and I will be there as soon as possible." She smiles and opens the door for him. "Good luck." Peeta takes a deep breath before he crosses the threshold, having no idea what is in store for him in the next room. He looks around white space and sees what seems like a group of normal teenagers. The first person he notices is a small but muscular girl with short spiky brown hair. She sits in one of the worn down, plastic chairs clutching a cup of coffee. He's curious if coffee is a good beverage to have around a group of overly anxious teens, but doesn't dwell on that for too long. The girl glances around the room, but darts her eyes away the second they come in contact with any male. The next person he notices is a tall, broad shouldered, bronze haired boy. However, boy may be the wrong term. Peeta knows the age limit is 18 for this group, but he looks to be far more mature than his age would suggest. His skin is a warm golden tone, like he works outside all day, and looks immensely strong. Peeta is in no way attracted to men, but he knows a handsome man when he sees one—and he is absolutely sure that this person would be considered very attractive. As he continues to look around the room, several more people catch his eye. There is a small dark skinned girl, who looks like she could barely be ten years old and a large blonde haired boy who is sizing up the room like he wants to kill everyone in it. Everyone is gravitating towards the many chairs placed in a circle in the center of the room, and he's about to join them, when he sees her. The girl is sitting in a chair in the corner, far away from the rest of the group. Her knees are tucked into her chest, and a spiral notebook is perched on top of them. Peeta watches her as she surveys the group like a hunter watches its prey; it's as if she's on a tree stand in the middle of the woods and they are all game just waiting to be picked-off. She studies each person momentarily, and then makes quick notes in her notebook. But when her eyes finally flit to Peeta, she doesn't write anything like she did with all the others—she just stares. Their eyes lock, and her steel grey eyes bleed into his. He feels his breath hitch—her eyes are so mesmerizing, and like nothing he's ever seen before. She's one of the most beautiful girls Peeta has ever seen. She is the embodiment of everything he's ever dreamed about, right down to her knobby knees and braided coal-black hair. Peeta Mellark has always had a type: he is insanely attracted to petite, dark haired girls. And if they look slightly exotic—that's even better. And this girl is all of those things and more. He can't take his eyes away from her lips that somehow look so soft while being slightly chapped. Her warm olive toned skin begs to be touched and tasted. He's never been so taken aback by someone before and his mind can't help but wonder what kind of noises she makes when coming undone. They continue to stare at each other, never breaking their gaze, until the dark-haired doctor with manic features steps in. "Good morning, everyone! I see we have a few new faces today. I'm Dr. Flickerman. If everyone could, please take a seat in the circle." The man points to the girl in the corner, the girl Peeta is inexplicably drawn to. "Katniss, you can remain where you are, if you'd like." Peeta takes his seat, his mind reeling. He decides then, no matter how terrible the timing, or how bad his situation is, that he is going to do everything he can to find out more about Katniss. I would like to say a special "Thank you!" to my beta books-are-better. She is fantastic and has really helped me a lot. You should definitely check out her stories, too: u/4148325/