I all had a snowball fight, which we won for the record," Aran started. Aston snorted and shook his head 'no' behind Aran's back for the second time that night. Rebecca bit her lip to keep from laughing at Aston's childish antics. "Shelby then threw snow in my face." Rebecca laughed and pulled away from her brother. She skipped up to me and ruffled my already messy hair. The need to ruffle my hair must run in the family, seeing as her brother had done the same only minutes earlier. "Girls for the win!" Rebecca cheered. "I want some action with this. Christmas Day is the next day we are all off, I believe, so we'll kick their butts then." "I take offence to that!" Aran pouted. Rebecca stuck out her tongue teasingly. A yawn escaped my lips and I looked at the clock on the wall. It was quite late considering I had a match tomorrow. "I'll see all of you in the morning," I said, deciding I should get to bed. "Goodnight." I said. "I'm going to shower then come to bed," Aston told me. I nodded my head and walked over to the windowsill. I sat down on the edge and pulled my mother's journal out from my shelf. I was given her journal after she was killed on Market Alley. It gave me a better understanding on who she was and how my family was before I was born. It showed me how my father was before many people he loved all were killed and he turned into a drunk. My mother was really nice, just like I remembered her. She didn't deserve to die. The district creep, on the other hand, did. I must have read around ten pages before Aston plopped down beside me. "Move over, I'm cold," Aston pouted, breaking me away from the journal. His hair was dripping still, showing me that he just got out from the shower. A towel was around his shoulders, catching most of the water before it hit the pillows. I put my bookmark in the page and put the journal back on the shelf. When I looked back at him, he was already in his place beside the so called window. "Hurry up," he whined like a child. I laughed and climbed in beside him, shivering despite the thick blanket on top of us. "Damn, it's cold," I muttered, shivering once again. Aston looked at me out of the corner of his eye. "Oh, come here, you big baby," Aston said with a smile. He threw his arm around my shoulders. Heat spread from his body to mine. I sighed, content. "How the heck are you so warm?" I mumbled, curling up to my twin's side. Aston just laughed. "You're just cold," Aston said. I just smiled and sighed. We lay there silently for a few minutes while Rebecca, Aran and Shelby all went to bed. "Goodnight, Lex," Aston mumbled. "Goodnight." I snuggled my face into his shoulder. "See you tomorrow." "When I wake up then, I better not find any drool on me again," he joked. I cracked a smile. "I love you too." he kissed my forehead and I closed my eyes. I fell asleep quickly after that, thinking of my upcoming match and how I would guarantee drool on my twin's shoulder. EDIT: This chapter was edited to hopefully give Lexi a better characterization like she was originally planned to have and written by Hutsune. Also, Byke was REALLY annoying me. I had to cut him from the chapter. I still wanted to write him the slightest bit, so I added the stuff about the food at the start. And I found Byke/Lexi really cliché and annoying. Sorry if you liked it, it wasn't working for me. Thanks for understanding. So, if you loved it or hated it, leave a review! Constructive criticism is appreciated! Speaking of feedback, I would like to know which character is your favourite out of the mentioned. Just put your favourite character in your review. The options are: Lexi, Aston, Aran, Rebecca, Brunella, Ford, Kiva, Shelby and Byke. So this story is about Lexi before the reaping. For those readers that don't know, Lexi is the girl tribute for District 6 for the 49th Hunger Games. To see more of her in the Games (along with more of the family and the reaping), check out Hutsune's story (more about the story below). ***Here are a list of stories that have to do with Lexi and the world she lives in: Hutsune's An Arena of series. Currently, there are two installments, " An Arena of Stone: Untold Stories of the 49th HG" and "An Arena of Glass: Now-told Stories of the 51st HG." Lexi is written how I imagined her perfectly (unlike this story), so I suggest you check it out! You can find it through my favourites or through the search bar. Also, I have two stories that are part of the An Arena of universe. The first one is about Vitz and Corolla, two young adults that live in the orphanage. Vitz is the other tribute for the 49th Hunger Games and Corolla is his girlfriend. To read it, you can go to my profile. It is called "District 6 Chronicles, Book 2: Imagination and Creation" It is based approximately three months after this story. It's a one-shot, like this story. The second story is about the rest of Lexi's family after the Games. It mainly follows mainly Shelby (but Aston too) for the first half of the story. For the second half of the story, it follows Aran, Rebecca, Brunella and Audi. To read it, you can go to my profile. It's called "District 6 Chronicles, Book 3: Forever Gone" It is based around two years after this. Also, a one-shot. I hope you check out these three stories! Any questions? Just PM or ask in the review! Thanks for reading! Until next time, Paw xxx