everyone else on the planet had first." She thought about this for a moment, and then she said, "Do you remember when all the kids on the docks put on that little play for everyone back home?" "Yes," he answered, not entirely sure if she was going off on one of her daydreams or not. "You were the bad guy. In the last scene, you stabbed one of the characters and he fell. But he always got back up when the show was over. You didn't really kill him, it was just pretend. Killing someone in a play doesn't make you a murderer, just like pretending to be their lover doesn't make it real." "But I am a murderer, Annie," he said dully. "I've killed before." "For their entertainment. It was their game, Finn, not yours. That desperate fourteen-year-old boy I saw on TV wasn't you. The heartbreaker they portray every year isn't you either. They're just characters in Snow's sick play. This, the man that married me..." She reached up to brush the hair from his eyes, smiling softly. "This is you. This is all I want. I want real, I want the Finnick Odair that walked with me on the beach when everyone else turned away, that held my hand and pulled me back when I thought I was unreachable. I want the you I fell in love with." "Real," he repeated, a smile playing on his lips, and he closed the gap between them. "I think I can do that." That night, every single woman, man, and potential alien that had been audience to his role in Snow's play never once crossed his mind. The following weeks are bliss. He never lets go of her hand, she never stops smiling. She blanks far less frequently now, using his clasped hand as an anchor to reality. She had made such an improvement that they pay a visit to Mrs. Everdeen in the hospital wing, to see if she would drop Annie's prescription. They thought it was the unnecessary pills that were making Annie sick in the mornings, but Mrs. Everdeen had another idea. "Good news!" She informed them with a smile the next day, holding up the small test strip she'd given Annie on their last visit. Finnick only had time to make out the word "PREGNANT" before he was engulfed in Annie's arms as she jumped up and down. She wasn't just happy - she was radiant. He hugged her back tightly and thought, nothing could be better than this. He left for the Capitol a few days later, promising to spend time thinking of baby names until he returned. He realized he should have gone home when Katniss offered a way out. No questions asked, no hard feelings. But out there, far from Annie's reach, all he could see were the people in the Capitol that had ever made him feel worthless, that took all he had and then discarded him, like he wasn't even human. He wanted to see the light leave Caesar Flickerman's eyes. He wanted to watch as Katniss disposed of Snow. He wanted to witness the whole city topple to the ground. Instead, he saw his own blood splatter over the tunnel wall as he tried desperately to hold onto the rungs of the ladder. He saw his life flash before his eyes as he was torn apart. The mast of a boat, a silver parachute, Mags laughing, a pink sky, Beetee's trident, Annie in her wedding dress, waves breaking over rocks. Then it's over. In some unfamiliar plane of consciousness, a memory materializes around him. He's a small boy, rolling softly with the tide as he sits in their family's small fishing boat, watching his father's strong arms moving rhythmically as he rows them out to the gathering that's anchored about a mile out to sea. In his hands is the small paper boat he made with help from his mother. He's sure grandma would have been proud of it. He watches as they lower her body into the water, wrapped in a blue-green shroud that reminds Finnick of her eyes, as if she were there to look at him with that special smile of hers and sing him his favorite song about the fisherman and his wife. As his uncle speaks a reverent eulogy, the friends and family that had gathered there all light candles and place them carefully in their own paper boats, before releasing them one by one to the tide. Finnick is one of the last to drop his in, following it with his gaze until it drifts too far into the sun-streaked horizon for him to see it's faint glow. "Goodbye," he whispers. There is another boat, anchored separately from the others. In it sits a woman he recognizes, with wild dark hair and eyes like the raging ocean, that spill drops of saltwater down her cheeks as she gazes out to the setting sun. Next to her is another little boy, and it's as if Finnick is looking at his reflection. Both of them hold boats identical to the one he made, and he wonders if they're here for Grandma. As the two of them release their candlelit ships, he can hear the woman's voice as clearly as if they were sitting in the same boat. "You weren't there to help me decide," she says softly. "So I named him Finn." They cut your eyes wide open And bore into your precious head My reach don't go that far, dear But please, oh please don't let them in I sank into the sea Wrapped in piano strings Few words could open me But you knew them all Now I just sleep beneath your floor My ghost just tries to keep you warm I've seen the end, I've lost the war And one day you'll join me here just like the rest - Radical Face, "Wrapped In Piano Strings" If you liked it, please review! :)