is pale and her normal eyes are a dull brown but she would never forget how he looked at her that night. Like she was the only woman in the world. It doesn't make sense to anyone let alone them but right after the games finished, they push aside their dampened feelings and run to a Capitol priest who marries them in secret. Haymitch had first suggested at registry but Effie wanted to stay true to her beliefs and get married in a church. Churches and bibles are rare now after the dark days but Effie still finds comfort in following her Jesus. He doesn't get it but he abides and they get married in a small church on a street corner. After that she followed him back to his house where they have a toasting, the District 12 marriage tradition. Its done in Haymitch's house with just them too and they exchange brief vows. "There's something about you Princess. Effie." He said as his white slice of bread toasts over the fire. "I was young when my family were..." He gulped and Effie's heart is murdered at that second as the tears well up in her eyes. "I don't know how to but I'll try my hardest to love you and take care of you as I never had that chance with them." "I'll love you even when I start to hate that sight of your face." Effie said making him chuckle as my own slice toasts slowly. "And I'll be your family Haymitch. If you'll have me." He leaned over at the second and kisses her as one of his lone tears mingle with her plentiful ones. 73rd Hunger games She finally introduced Haymitch to her little family this year, her feisty but caring mother-Venus and her kind hearted father-John. They tell her husband their own love story as they sit in one of the sitting rooms in their house-or freaking mansion as Haymitch likes to call it-eating biscuits and drinking peppermint tea which Effie knew Haymitch was probably imagining to be whiskey. "Wait, your a victor yourself?" Haymitch asked her mother in surprise. Her mother nodded, with a chuckle. "Yep. That's how I met this one." She said, patting her father's knee. "He was the game maker in my games." "I fell in love with her on the screen." John admitted. "So much that I pretty much guaranteed that nothing happened to her that was in our control. When she won I quit my job, bought a few Districts with my wages and swept her off her feet." Venus rolled her eyes. "I thought he was barking mad. A rich Capitol man in love with a girl from District 9? Unimaginable. But here we are." Haymitch raised his eyes. "And the Capitol just let you get away with that?" John shrugged. "I don't think they really care about a Capitol-Victor marriages as long as you are not splashing them around in public. Capitol-District marriages though? Definitely." Effie grinned, looping her hand with Haymitch's. "You see! Its okay." He still frowned with uncertainty but smiled neither the less, squeezing her hand holding his hand on his sleeve for once, much like she does. Effie grinned once again at the hope she saw swimming in his eyes. 75th Hunger games They try to make him leave her when they come for him. Effie isn't surprised when she sees the District 13 aircraft's fly over head, one of them landing to collect the rebels currently in the Capitol and the other one on its way over to get the victors from the arena. Haymitch had filled her in with all the plans and while she was proud of her husband for doing something so brave, she ached inside when in the night he was away for too long or when she saw the black circles under his eyes. "Abernathy." Coin hissed as she stared Effie down. "We cannot take your Capitol whore with us. Don't make this mistake Abernathy. You are meant to be the most intelligent person in this mission." Effie almost smirked at their faces at his next words. "Try and say that again Coin. She's my wife." He said, a proud smirk on his lips that made her smile. "And I am not leaving her." Coin glared at Effie before giving in and Effie left with Haymitch to thirteen without a seconds thought. She was tired of seeing people dying every single year under Snow's hand-sometimes not just in the games either. So after making sure that her parents would be safe which they were bound to be with her father's status, she followed Haymitch to thirteen. After thirteen pregnancy tests. "It'll be alright." He said to her from where the sat in the hover craft, a vacant corner that Haymitch had managed to grab. "I will never leave you." "And I you." "Effie, what's wrong?" He asked and she stayed quiet. "Effie? Baby, please." He whispered in her ear, words that only she was allowed to hear. Words that always left butterflies flying around in her stomach. "Haymitch, we're in a war now." She said, the fear resting in her gut. He nodded, solemnly. The silence lies flat against them and she can't help but glance at the other stricken faces in the hover craft. They must be afraid too but none of them could be more afraid than she was. "I'm pregnant." She spoke quietly in his ear and he flies to look at her in shock. His gaze moves from her eyes to her stomach and vice versa. "But you're on the pill and we always..." He trailed off, leaning back and rubbing his eyes and she is once again reminded of the time when she first told him about her feelings for him. She swallowed. "You don't want it." "I never said that." "But, you..." the words died on her tongue. "Haymitch..." But he won't look at her and it breaks her heart.