not realizing until he had crashed to the ground that he was even missing part of himself. Nightmares were awful. The memories were worse. They brought her. She would become all he could think of and all he could see and smell when he would close his eyes. He'd feel his arms around her or the hairs from her head brushing his cheek. Her voice rang in his ears saying words she didn't mean. As he settled Peeta shook her from his head, rolled onto his stomach and clenched his jaw shut and his eyes tight. It didn't help. Those gray eyes had been his resident ghost since he was a child. She would probably always haunt him. It made him angry. Shutting off the lamp he watched shadows chase themselves across the floor and drew a deep breath into his lungs. No matter what he thought of the coming tour still lingered ahead of him like a taunting promise. A fucked up parade of his every god damn insecurity and god it made him angry. It made him think of her. Of how he wanted to push her up against the side of her house when she's take the long way home to avoid him. How he wanted to get in her face until she had to lock eyes with him and her cheeks would flush pink. He wanted to shake her and yell at her and ask her why, and he wanted to shove his thigh between her legs and bite up her neck until she couldn't breathe and had to grind against his pants. He wanted her to whimper and writhe and he wanted to shove off the wall and pull his leg away before she could come. Then turn and just fucking walk away the same way she did. With a press of his head into his pillow he shook his head because he also just wanted to hold her and he shouldn't want anything at all. It wasn't his. The thought of Gale made his stomach sick and letting a breath hiss through his teeth he concentrated on counting in the thin hope that sleep would find him. It didn't and the tighter he closed his eyes the more he saw her, felt her...the more he simply wanted. Nothing helped because still he could smell her hair, feel the heat of her breath against his neck, and taste her soft lips on his tongue. With a muffled groan he fisted the sheets beside him so tight his knuckles turned white. He could feel the blood pulse hard between his legs and he panted into his mattress as his cock pulsed and twitched making his palm itch to ease down his stomach and into his pants. No. He refused to do this anymore. She didn't fucking want him. He wasn't going to touch himself anymore. Not thinking of her. No. Holding his breath he counted as sweat beaded at the base of spine, the night air making it feel ice cold against his bare skin. In his head the numbers changed to noises and he heard her sigh and would swear he could feel it against his feverish lips. It made a needy noise leave his chest as his hips ground down into the mattress. Oh fuck. Shit. He did it again. And again. His breathing became panting and it grew urgent and sticky between his lips and the bed. He thrust again. Harder with his lips dragging along the sheets as moans long and low left his throat. Memories, fantasies, just more and more of her began to play behind his eyelids and it just made him roll his hips faster. He grew harder, his pulse insistent and throbbing as his thrusts became desperate and eventually he had to bite into his pillow to keep his groans from growing into shouts. It was almost like pushing against her, into her and the cotton of his pants drug over his skin just right as he fucked the bed imagining himself fucking her. Those eyes. Her mouth. God the heat of her mouth. Pulling his thigh up on one side he used his elbows and palms to push deeper. It felt good. So good. It pissed him off. Grasping the loose sheet in his fingers white and tense he pushed back and drug forward and ground down at such a frantic pace sweat began to drip down from his hair and grunts and curses to fall from his lips. The friction began to burn and a different heat made his jaw clench and his fingers flex as it began to build. His back arched and his hips rolled down as his whole bed began to rock into the wall. He wanted to hate her. He wanted her out. He couldn't get her fucking out. Driving himself up and down against the mattress he finally came dripping sweat with a strangled cry on his tongue. His back shone wet with his muscles twitching as the high finally dissipated. Catching his breath took minutes where he heaved and panted staring at the white cotton of his pillow. It fractured into colors in front of his eyes as digging his fingernails into his palms he buried his face into it and screamed. He screamed to get it all out, to get her out. He screamed until his voice was gone and still she was there. Hours later he was still awake on his bed. This time the shadows grew arms across the ceiling. Each time they came close to overlapping one would shift and melt away. He understood the feeling as he hoped for sleep to come and for his dreams to be empty. Still she would be there too. Katniss. A girl he thought he knew. One he was certain he loved and wished wasn't always going to be important. He didn't sleep. There was no smile on his face. Just tears as his screams turned to the sobs.