to leave let me tell you that your daughter is a miracle. His voice shakes as he reads. I've seen her work two jobs, and relearn to laugh, and remember how to sing. She's protected me and loved me when I was left wondering why and she gets lost sometimes, but she finds her way back and holds my hand because for some reason she chose my fingers as her anchor. She failed her driving test twice. His lips twitch into a smile as he reads. She was so pissed. I feel my own lift as I wipe my cheek. God she was pissed and that night I swore she was the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. I swore to myself I would tell her. But I was such a coward. Your daughter is so damn stubborn and intimidating and I was terrified to fuck it up. He licks his lips and looks at me. So years went by. She studied and walked across a stage with only me as her family clapping my hands. She got into college and works to stay there. She laughs at old comedies with Chevy Chase and cries watching Disney films. She sings when she cleans and snores when she sleeps and sir I have never stopped looking at her. I can't. I stared at her when she looked away and smiled when she frowned and if she called I was ready to show up. I've been ruined for Katniss Everdeen since kindergarten. Her silver eyes make me breathless. Her voice silent… But it is her heart…you remember it. I know you must. It is steady and it beats sometimes when she wishes it would stop. But it is pure and full of fire and love and… Well… I can only hope it belongs to me. New tears begin to fall but not from pain or panic. The wings in my chest go still as he looks at me. His face falls and he takes my hands crushing the letter in our fingers. He begins to sobs the words to me. I look back and she is all that I see. I look ahead and she's all I want. Mr. Everdeen with your blessing I just want to love her if she will let me. In whatever way she wants. I just want to stay. His hands come up to hold my face and we cry and our heads come together as our fingers climb arms and wrap around each other until our tears run from cheeks onto necks and I can feel his lips near my ear. "I love you." I laugh through my sobs and kiss his neck. "I love you so much Peeta. I'm so sorry." He holds me tighter. "I'm sorry too." We stay there for a long time. Wrapped up together with our clothes wet from snow and our faces from tears. Almost a mirror image of our sixteen year old selves from nine years before. We go home. We take a shower and we take our time making love over the sheets until the moon is full in the sky. His fingers run through my hair and then he reaches over and pulls a small box out of his nightstand drawer. He rolls over until he can look at me. "When I opened this last night I asked you to marry me. I will always want to marry you Katniss but that's not what this ring stands for. It just means I want to love you. To love you every single day for the rest of my life if you'll allow it and it will always be here but you never have to put it on. I will be here. Every day." Leaning forward he kisses me and soon we come together and fall apart for the second time tonight. I map his skin with my mouth and whisper words we both need to hear into his hair and as he's moving inside me I know this is real and all I will ever need. It is hours later as I lay listening to his breathing and looking at his face in the moonlight that I realize that maybe angels are real. Maybe they fill a girls childhood with friendship and wrap their arms around her when's broken. Maybe they love her silently, and patiently and later passionately. Maybe they love her despite her lack of wings and never expect her to fly swearing to carry her instead. As the sun begins to filter through the curtains I reach across Peeta taking the small box in my hands. Flipping it open the slim band gleams in the early morning light. A white pearl sits atop a sea of diamonds and as I slip it onto my finger a smile slips onto my lips. I look at it on my hand and have never felt more certain and safe as I fall asleep with my hand over Peeta's heart. His lips on my fingers wake me up. My eyelashes flutter open to meet his warm wet eyes and he smiles at me. He kisses me and pulling me into his arms begins to whisper how much he loves me and that he never needed a wedding and I have to pull back and push my finger to his lips to silence him. Because he doesn't understand and now I do. Holding his face in my hands I ask him one more time for always. I have a family. He's my family and I ask him if he will stay with me. Swallowing and blinking at me he whispers, "You want to marry me?" I grin at him and nod my head yes. With a shuddering breath he leans forward and asks against my lips, "Katniss Everdeen. Let me spend the rest of our lives loving you. Will you please be my wife?" In my between our giddy laughter and kisses I say, "I'll allow it." "Always Peeta."