picture of her so that I could take it with me when I left. We spent the next two weeks together, and when those two weeks were over, we promised to keep in touch. And then we would pick up where we left off. Wednesday, May 8 th , 1946 New York City 14:30 hours 5 years, 11 months, and 21 days later Katniss Today was my birthday. I hated my birthday. What was there to celebrate, after all? Certainly not the fact that I wasn't getting any younger, that was for sure. "Happy Birthday, Katniss!" my co-workers cheered just as I walked into the bar that day. "Oh!" I exclaimed as they presented me with a cake and candles. "Make a wish!" Annie and Delly chanted. I couldn't help myself. I thought about Peeta Mellark. I hadn't seen him in so long, yet we had kept in touch for six years now. I missed him terribly. I took a deep breath and blew out the candles as everyone clapped. "Thank you, everyone," I said flustered as Effie began cutting the cake, handing me the first slice. "The crowd is really excited for your performance today," Effie informed me. "All the regulars know it's your birthday, and they all know we're celebrating today." "Oh, well, I don't want to be the center of attention!" I exclaimed as everyone chuckled. "Then you picked the wrong job, Sweetheart!" Haymitch winked at me, causing even more laughter. "They just want to wish you well, Katniss," Cinna, our new set and dress designer, assured me. I smiled at him. I really liked Cinna; he had been a great friend to me since he started working at the bar, and he was always saying that my Broadway dreams would come true one day. "We have a surprise for you later," Johanna added. "Jo!" Annie and Delly scolded her. She shrugged. "I didn't say what it was!" she said defensively. "I'm sure it's great," I said, although I was actually dreading it. They knew how I felt about surprises. "You'll like this one, I promise," Annie said. I bit my lip anxiously. The only surprise I wanted right now was to see Peeta. I knew that he would be coming home soon with the rest of the troops, but I didn't know when, and the anticipation was killing me. I couldn't wait to see him again. I knew just what song to sing today. I climbed up on stage, stepped towards the microphone, and the trumpets began playing the romantic tune. I breathed in, and the lyrics flowed naturally out of my soul: Kiss me once, then kiss me twice Then kiss me once again It's been a long, long time Haven't felt like this, my dear Since I can't remember when It's been a long, long time You'll never know how many dreams I've dreamed about you Or just how empty they all seemed without you So kiss me once, then kiss me twice Then kiss me once again It's been a long, long time The crowd watched in enchantment as I sang, the band playing devotedly behind me. Ah, kiss me once, then kiss me twice Then kiss me once again It's been a long time Haven't felt like this my dear Since I can't remember when It's been a long, long time You'll never know how many dreams I dreamed about you Or just how empty they all seemed without you So kiss me once then kiss me twice Then kiss me once again It's been a long, long time Long, long time As the song ended and I let out my last note, I opened my eyes to be met with none other than a familiar pair of ocean-blue eyes. The audience cheered and wolf-whistled as I stepped off dazed from the stage. But all I could see was him in his white uniform and Dixie Cup hat, grinning from ear to ear. I ran towards him, as if in a dream, tears blurring my eyesight. His arms opened in invitation, and I was being enveloped in his safe embrace once again. I crashed into him, like the waves on the shore that night six years ago. He had come back to me, as he had always promised. His lips molded into mine instantly, and I tasted seawater on his warm tongue and smelled the ocean in his skin. I tugged him closer, pulling on the blue handkerchief around his neck. He pressed me closer and lifted me, and I could cheer people cheering in the background. When he finally released me so that we could come up for air, we looked around and saw that Annie and Finnick were locked into the same embrace, as well as Gale and Johanna. No one who saw us could doubt our love. "You all came back," I finally said, looking into his eyes. "Of course we did. We all promised we would, didn't we? Like a wave out in the ocean, remember?" he said, stroking my cheek as he quoted one of his many love letters. "Stay with me," I pleaded, hoping that this would be the last time I would have to ask. "Always," he promised. And I knew that this time, it was real. A/N- Thank you for reading! I hope you enjoyed it. The first song was inspired by The Andrew Sisters' version of "In the Mood," and the last song was inspired by Helen Forrest's version of "It's been a long, long time." Check them out if you would like! This was really fun to write, so thank you to IzzySamson for suggesting the prompt. It's been an honor writing for you. Also, I'd like to thank jazzfic for writing "K, Like a Secret" for me on AO3. It was such a lovely, wonderfully written story and I highly recommend it. The writing style is very unique and I promise it will blow your mind. I very much enjoyed it!