the first person in the room, and she quickly stands. "Peeta, I promise you, I am going to get Rory out of there alive," Madge says, trying not to choke on the words, because in saying them, she is promising that she will die for the twelve year old boy in the room down the hall. "Madge," he says sadly, gathering her in his arms. "Madge, why did you do that?" She pins him with a blue-eyed stare and sighs. "You know why." "You know she's never going to forgive herself," Peeta mumbles, brushing her bangs from her face. "You have to come back." "And what would become of Gale?" Madge snaps, stepping away from him. "Your best friend? Or have you forgotten that his younger brother just volunteered for him." Peeta runs tired hands over his face and she notices the dirt that remains from his hunt earlier still embedded in his fingernails. "No matter what, one of them is going to go insane by the end of this. You know that." "I know," I say quietly. "But Peeta, you have to bring them out. I need you to look after Katniss." "I don't think she'll want me to—" "You really don't know, do you?" Madge laughs, and the sound surprises her. It apparently surprises Peeta, too, because his blue eyes snap to her quickly. "The effect that you have on her?" Peeta's brow crinkles in confusion, but he is suddenly being lead out of the door. "You're smart!" he yells. "And resourceful! You can do this!" She shakes her blonde curls, left down for the Reaping, and yells back to him just as the doors close. "Promise me! Promise me you will take care of her!" She can hear a muffled smack of a hand against the door and the words "I promise" repeated like a mantra before a scuffle. The Peacekeepers have carted him away. The next time the doors fly open, it is Katniss Everdeen, her face streaked with tears. She throws her skinny arms around her best friend and squeezes as tightly as she can. "Madge, why?" Katniss whimpers. "It should be me. It should be me." Madge grits her teeth and pushes the brunette far enough from her so that she can see her face. "Katniss, you know that Prim would not survive that. You know she wouldn't. Prim needs you more than anything. And I need you more than anything. Nobody will miss me when I'm gone, Katniss, but you mean too much to too many people." "That's not true!" Katniss spits, and Madge is relieved to see a familiar fire light up her grey eyes. "How am I supposed to be okay after this, Madge? I need you! You're my best friend! My only friend!" "Katniss, it's going to be okay," Madge attempts to assure her. "I promise you, it will be okay." "No it's not," she snarls. "Nothing is ever going to be okay." "Kat," Madge sighs, hugging her again. "I love you, okay? Don't ever forget that." "I love you too," Katniss concedes, squeezing her one last time before the door opens once again, signaling the end of their time together. And then she is gone, and replaced with a sobbing Prim, and Madge spends her five minutes with Prim holding her, shedding silent tears onto the top of her blonde head and telling her to forgive herself, that nothing is her fault, that she should remember whose fault this all is. "I love you, Duckie," Madge says with a watery smile. "No matter what happens, no matter what you see, you remember that. And you remember that none of this, not a single damn second of it, is your fault, Primrose." Prim nods and then she is gone, too, and Madge sighs, throwing herself back into the chair. She knows that her mother cannot come; she is at home in her bed, slowly dying, and she probably will not hear of this until it is aired on television in the evening. She certainly knows that her father will not come. She rubs the bruise on her left side as she thinks of this; oh yes, he will not be coming to tell her that he loves her. The doors do swing open, again, though, and she's shocked to see Gale Hawthorne stride in, shoulders tight and jaw squared. "Listen, Princess," he growls. "I fucking swear to you, if you make it back here and my brother doesn't, I will ruin you." Madge flinches slightly, backing away from his towering form, but she squares her shoulders and looks at him right in the eye. "Gale," she says, and his eyes seem to narrow at the use of his first name. "Gale, I'm not going to let anything happen to Rory and I have no intention of winning these Games. There's almost no way for me to really assure you of that, but I need you to take my word for it. Like with Posy." He grits his teeth harder at this and she can almost hear them grind together. "Great. Another thing I owe you that I can't pay back." "You don't owe me anything, Gale," Madge nearly whispers. She lets herself become vulnerable, just for a moment. "And one day maybe you'll know why. Maybe I'll have Rory tell you, when he gets back, because he will get back Gale. Rory is going to survive this. I swear to you, I will get him home to you." "How do you plan on doing that, Undersee?" Madge simply blinks, staring at him and wondering how someone who has known her for her entire life can know so little about her, so little about her talents and her skills and her personality. "I have my ways, Gale. And they're not going to fail you." Then the Peacekeepers come and she is escorted to the train, where she sits and waits for Rory Hawthorne and their mentor, Haymitch Abernathy, to join her.