carelessness. He couldn't see any more of that. His and Madge's kisses hadn't even seemed that needy, and they'd had some pretty feverish sessions. "I told you she preferred blonds," Johanna's voice rang out as she reached for his hand. He absently took it and she pulled him back towards the patio. "Come on, let's get you a beer." Gale entered the dance hall, Johanna on his arm. They found their seats at the reception up front with all the other groomsmen and bridesmaids. He wasn't one for weddings. He'd only attended his own and would never think about missing Katniss' big day. She would never let him live it down, but it was his wife he feared most. Johanna would most likely use his balls as a punching bag if he tried to no-show for the Mellark-Everdeen wedding. It had been five years since Peeta had jumped into the pool with Katniss that night at Madge's. As much as he hated to admit it then, he knew that if Katniss and him had ever gotten together it would have ruined their friendship. Gale had pulled back from the relationship a little, allowing them the space to get to know one another. It hadn't always been easy. There were times when they fought, and Katniss would cry to Johanna, and in turn Johanna would rant to Gale that Peeta had taken things too far. Those times Gale had wanted to punch Peeta in the face for making his best friend cry. More shockingly, though, were the times when Gale took Peeta's side. The times when Katniss showed herself to be prideful and stubborn. His and Peeta's own relationship had grown between all the double dates the girls dragged them on. Gale would have rather stayed home and shacked up with Johanna, but the time spent together did prove to be helpful in keeping them all friends. Gale pulled out Johanna's chair and helped her lower herself down slowly, only able to scoot it forward an inch or two, her swollen belly getting in the way of pretty much everything these days. "I'll bring you a plate, Love," he said to her, leaning down to give her a quick kiss before leaving to enter the buffet line. "Thank you," she replied. "Gale! Wait!" Gale stopped in his tracks and turned, preparing to make a mental list of everything Johanna was going to ask him for. "Can you bring me some of those little nut-thingys wrapped in the bacon?" Gale nodded, then made a 360 degree turn when Johanna called out again. "And you know how I love those little goat cheese tarts!" "I do," he said patiently, turning again on his heel, but not taking a step toward the buffet. He was sure she wasn't finished. "And don't put any of those olive loaf things on my plate. They make me nauseous." He knew his wife all too well. "Don't worry, Love. I'm here to please." Gale smiled, blew his glowing wife a kiss and finished the trek across the large room. Carrying three full plates, one for him and two for Johanna, Gale made his way back to table. Prim, Katniss' sister and Maid of Honor, had given her toast while he was in line, and so had Peeta's best man, his brother, Rye. It seemed that Peeta wanted to give his own speech. This should be interesting, Gale thought. Peeta stood, adjusting his tuxedo jacket and gently clanging his spoon to the side of his champagne flute. "Excuse me, Everyone. I would like to say a few words." Peeta cleared his throat and waited for the light chatter to die down. " I just want to tell you all today how happy I am to be here," he reached over and lifted Katniss' hand in his. She smiled up at him, complete and utter adoration in her eyes, on her lips and even in the blush of her cheeks. "I am completely and totally in love with Katniss Everdeen. I look forward to spending every second of the rest of my life with you, Katniss. But there's also someone else I want to thank." Gale's ears perked up. "You see, five years ago, I went to a party. A party I had invited Katniss to after meeting her on campus. She said yes, and I was so excited, but I had no idea one of my football teammates was interested in her also. A teammate that had known her for a decade longer than me, and I was totally outmatched." Gale chuckled at Peeta's reminiscence. "When we all got roped into playing a game of truth or dare, I was dared by this teammate, who I later found out suspected I liked Katniss, and dared me to throw her, a girl I hadn't known very long, into the pool fully clothed." Peeta paused for effect and a few gasps and some laughter resounded in the room. "I tried so hard to get out of it, but Katniss, I'm glad I did it, because I don't know how long it would have taken us to get together, or even if we would have, if I hadn't done it," Peeta explained, turning and raising his glass to Gale. "Thank you Gale for daring me to do something I thought I would regret, but turned out to be the first day of the rest of my life with the most amazing, beautiful, loving, forgiving woman in the world." Katniss flushed at the myriad of compliments, ducking her head and covering her face with her free hand. Gale raised his glass to join Peeta's, as did everyone else in the room, thankful that things turned out they way they did. "Here, here," he said loudly, clanking his glass with Johanna's, and leaning in to kiss her full on the lips. Please, oh please, let me know what you think! I love hearing from you, especially when I'm nervous about the content. :) Pbg