and wet as it closes around it and it makes my back arch so fast it hurts. When he uses his teeth I pull his hair and thrust forward against him each roll of my hips making me delirious. I can feel him. He's big and hard right where I am wet and it feels unbelievable. With a grunt he releases my breast, the skin at the tip and his mouth are shining wet in the moonlight as he wraps his hands under my ass before stumbling to his feet with me in his arms. I keep kissing him and that with the alcohol in his system makes him fall back slightly against the wall and I laugh as he curses and smiles beneath my lips hoisting me up and moving again. He digs a key from his pocket and after three tries and some seriously creative profanity he nudges the door to the tower open and we fall through it to crash onto a small medical bed against the wall. Peeta tugs the front of my dress down completely and groans when I am bare to his eyes and his hands. He licks and sucks until I am nearly incoherent and when I don't know how much more I can take his hands drag up my skirt until it bunches at my waist with his fingers falling under the elastic of my panties and dragging them down my legs as he settles on his knees in front of me. I can't breathe and Peeta is just staring at me licking his lips and running his hands up and down my thighs like he's not sure what to do. Finally he kisses my knee and looks up at me. Those lashes are so damn long. "Is this okay?" His voice is choked and it almost makes me smile as I nod. He nods back but still doesn't move yet just leans up a little higher and kisses my thigh which by now is trembling beneath his lips. I feel them move against my skin when he whispers, "I want to taste you." He says it like it is a question. My hair is tangled and strands of it stick to my mouth and my breasts shake as I try to breathe with him between my legs. Just seeing him there, those blue eyes wide watching me, and his lips swollen from being on mine makes me so dizzy I might cry. My answer comes out part choked needy laugh, part desperate plea. "Yes. God yes please." He's moved so slow I expect him to finish kissing his way up my leg but instead he surges forward and his mouth is suddenly there groaning into my body as his lips open around me. I'm wet and his tongue is slick and warm and he wastes no time as it dips inside of me. His arms push my legs open and my toes curl into the air as my hands find his hair. When I pull he curses against me and the vibration of it makes my mouth fall open and my head fall back. He tastes me and nips with his teeth making me thrust against his face. I can't seem to help it. When he pushes two fingers inside me I arch off the table just as he sucks my clit between his warm wet lips. I can't stop writhing. Words that make no fucking sense are falling out of my mouth as my hips roll. I scratch at his scalp as he looks up watching me when with a final curl of his fingers and draw of his mouth I come hard. It makes tears leave my eyes and even though my mouth is wide open all sound is trapped in my chest beneath the quaking beat of my heart as my body clenches and bears down on his fingers and against his tongue. I'm a trembling mess as he kisses his way down my legs before slipping my panties past my feet and pulling them up. With a glazed lethargic smile I watch him tuck my breasts beneath my dress and secure the straps over my shoulders. His hair is a mess from my fingers and his mouth is pink and slightly shining with me and when he catches me staring at him his grin is so white in the dark room it is nearly blinding. I smile back and after he kisses me again and wraps his arms around me I lay on his chest with his fingers drawing circles up and down my spine. Leaning forward his lips meet my shoulder, then my neck, and when they reach my ear he whispers, "Definitely don't think of you like a sister." It is so gross and ridiculous I can't help but feel the warm heat of laughter climb from my stomach up my throat only to leave my lips which he swiftly kisses away before I lay back and drag him on top of me. We spend the rest of the night doing all kinds of things that I am pretty sure would be illegal if we were related. Two weeks later he's there to drag me out of the ocean again. This time to spin me in a circle and press a kiss of congratulations to my mouth. He tastes like sunshine and salt. Later that night we sit together watching the sky catch fire as the ocean burns in his favorite colors. I lean back against his chest watching the waves crash violent and beautiful against the sand and take a moment to be so grateful that I didn't get to fly away so many years ago. I'm grateful for the feel of his pulse beating into my back and his warm breath against my neck and grateful for the hands that are clasped in mine and anchored over my heart. Grateful for the day they kept it beating. Because Peeta couldn't let me go.