Except it wasn't. Katniss followed the directions of the recipe, but she ended up with soup instead of a nice, creamy cheese. She checked the grain of the cheese cloth she'd bought, but she thought it was fine. She decided to try another recipe, but she soon found out that all the recipes were mostly the same. Each time she opened the cheese cloth after letting it drain the appropriate amount of time, what she found resembled a lumpy syrup. She tasted it, and the flavor seemed okay, but honestly, she wasn't sure if it was safe to eat. She threw it out and resolved to try again. For several days, she kept trying but finally had to give up. There was clearly something wrong. She cast about the house, pacing idly, bored and frustrated and unsure what to do. A few nights later, after eating a bowl of cereal, she crashed on the den sofa to surf for awhile. She'd moved the laptop in there when summer had finally grown hot. The air circulation was better in the den, and the overhead fan helped compensate for the heat of the computer in her lap. Sitting down, she turned to YouTube and did what she always did these days. She found to her favorite cooking channel, and this time decided to re-watch the cheese bun episode. As the show started and the camera focused in on the label of the cheese, she realized what she could do. She paused the video and moved to a new tab so she could Google The Looking Glass Creamery. It was in Fairview, only about thirty minutes from her home. The web page showed a shop and a farm and included a customer service email address as well as a physical address. She thought for a moment. Her question wasn't really about customer service. But perhaps they would help her anyway? She sent an email, explaining who she was and what she was trying to do and what was happening. "I'm not a company trying to take away your business. I live in a house in Hendersonville. This goat has been a family pet for a long time, and I thought I'd try to make this cheese. But I can't figure out why it's not working. Do you think you could help?" She hit send without much hope. It was worth a try. The next day was Thursday, and as usual, she started her morning with "The Bread Whisperer." Today he was making cinnamon rolls, and her mouth watered as she saw the final product. On rare occasions, the man sampled his wares like he did today, pulling a piece of dough off of one of the steamy rolls. It disappeared off camera, but she could hear him blowing on the bite to cool it. "Mmm," he said, and Katniss' pulse stuttered as she heard his moan of appreciation. She rewound it several times before heading off to take a shower. After lunch, she saw she had an email – pmellark . She couldn't believe it. Someone had answered, and it was a different name than the customer service person she'd initially emailed. This seemed like a good sign. "Dear Katniss, Thanks for your email. Reading about your problems, my first guess is that your goat is probably in her late-season lactation supply. You could try to let the curds ripen for longer. However, it could be something else – her diet, the hay or grass, or there may be an illness. I wouldn't normally offer this, but I'm making a delivery in Hendersonville the day after tomorrow. If you want, I could stop by and look at Lady and your pen. Let me know, Peeta Mellark" Katniss read the email with growing excitement. She couldn't believe her luck. She figured he must be the owner of the farm and probably had been in charge of the goats for years. Surely he could figure out what was wrong. She sent back a quick email thanking him and giving her address. She spent the next day making a new batch of cheese. She wanted to be able to show him what was happening. She split the batch in two, one that she would let sit for the prescribed amount of time and another she would let ripen for longer, just to see if it made any difference. On Saturday morning, she got up and cleaned the house. She couldn't remember the last time she'd vacuumed, and she assumed he would come inside. By late morning, the heat had built and the small house was warmer than usual. Sweaty from cleaning, she showered, had lunch, and then began to watch for Mr. Mellark. His emailed reply had said he'd come by around one, and at exactly one o'clock, a truck pulled into her driveway. She walked out into the carport to meet him and was shocked to see a young man get out of the cab. He looked like he was about her age. His wavy blond hair was windblown and his eyes seemed to smile at her as much as his mouth. "Mr. Mellark?" she said. "Please, call me Peeta," he said, extending his hand. All at once, her heart was racing, and she felt sweaty and faint as she tried to catch her breath. "You must be Katniss? It's an unusual name. Most people don't know about the Katniss onion, but I've always loved its delicate flavor." She closed her eyes to listen, even though it wasn't necessary. She'd know that voice anywhere. He seemed to notice as her hand fell limply into his. "Are you okay, ma'am?" he said gently. Her eyes fluttered open, and she asked breathlessly, "Are you by chance The Bread Whisperer?" PIP is one of the best things about this fandom, so thanks to Jessa (Miss Honeywell/PeetasPenis) for putting in the time and effort once again. Thanks, too, to BohemianRider for beta-ing, encouraging, and coming up with the title.