it back on hoping Peeta didn't cancel. There were no missed calls or texts from her husband, which means he didn't cancel. She continued to get ready, humming to an old blues tune and putting on Peeta's favorite dress. At 7:30, she still hadn't heard from Peeta so she decided to call him. He picked up on the third ring, and responded in a tired voice, "Hey Katniss, what's going on?" "I'm sitting on our bed, in your favorite dress waiting for you," she said in a low raspy voice realizing how much she needed this date. She needed him. Peeta grew eerily quiet and let out a large sigh, "Your interview? It was today right? How did it go?" Her smile disappeared immediately. He forgot. He never forgot. She didn't respond so Peeta called out her name again and she groaned, "That's what we were supposed to talk about tonight… remember our celebratory dinner… please tell me you're on your way home." "Katniss, I'm sorry," he responded quickly. She hung up her cell phone and threw it at the wall… thank god for the Otter Box. Her phone rang again, but she was too busy shaking on her bed in anger to notice. She felt like a fool, getting dressed in his favorite, favorite perfume, favorite everything and it's never enough. The house phone rang and she listened while the babysitter answered it and walked it up to her room. "I don't want to hear it," she whispered immediately. "Listen. I'm leaving now… I'm leaving right now, we can still go." Katniss, unable to trust her words, hung up again. She relieved the babysitter, paying her for the entire night, and removed her dress to curl in a ball. That's how he found her an hour and half later. At 9, she felt the bed dip. 9pm…. He didn't even leave right away. Nothing she or her children will ever do will warrant his immediate attention. She let out a loud sob and he began to rub her back trying to soothe her. "Shhhh," he whispered, "Hey, we can still go out right now!" He sat on the bed and pulled her to his body holding her while she sobbed. The feeling of his arms wrapped around her was so comforting. He used to hold her like this often a long time ago. When she could finally form a word, she responded, "The baby-sitter left." He loosened the grip on her and tilted her chin up to meet his eyes. "Why did you do that? I told you I was coming home," he asked softly. She sat up from the bed, moving away from his body and holding his stare, "You said you would leave right away. Its 9pm…." His office was 10 minutes away, and they both knew it. He looked down, almost embarrassed but his jaw tightened knowing this would likely be a fight, "Look Katniss." She quickly interrupted him, "Don't 'look Katniss' me! I get it; you work. You work 6 days a week from 5 to 11:30. You work for us right? I think if anyone would get it, it would be me!" "Yes I work," he responded tightly, "where is all of this coming from anyway. It is just dinner, we will make it up." She could feel her anger boil inside of her, but the kids were sleeping so she tried to keep her voice down, "You're right," she hissed, "It's just dinner… like all of those other dinners you eat with us. Don't be dense Peeta! We never see you, and you know it's not just dinner. I got a job today I wanted to celebrate with my husband, but even that wasn't good enough for you." Peeta reached out to touch her and she pulled away. He reached again and pulled her into his arms. "I'm sorry. I know I'm gone a lot. I wish it didn't always have to be this way, but I miss so much from your life and our kids. There is no excuse for that other than me wanting you to have the best." "You forgot. You never forget," she whined, tired of yelling. He began to wipe her tears with his thumb, soothing her. "I know, Kat. I know." She melted into his touch like she always did when he comforted her. His lips soon replaced his thumb. He began peppering kisses on her jaw until he fused his lips with her's. "I'm sorry," he murmured over her lips. He kissed her again. "I'm sorry." And this pattern continued over and over again until he felt her return the kiss. He held her firmly to deepen the kiss, and she moaned, spurring him on. He began to glide his hand under her shirt. When his thumb flicked over her nipple, she snapped and pulled away from him, putting as much distance between them as she could, "Listen Peeta! Something has to change. I can't keep doing all of this by myself. I miss you most days and it's not fair. I am asking you… once again… to please… please be here for me and for our kids. Please change something. I'm… I'm tired of having this fight." "Then stop starting it, " he whispered under his breath, but Katniss heard it anyway and winced. Peeta coughed awkwardly to clear his voice, "Maybe it's a good thing you got your job." He left her on the bed and walked to the bathroom to get ready to sleep. She laid down facing away from his side, and pulled out her phone. There was one unread email from her new job, more specifically Gale, inviting her to the Friday happy hour. She let out a large smile. Maybe Peeta was right! Maybe it was a good thing she got her job Thanks for reading. This is my first time writing, so please be nice. Thanks goes to titania522(ct522) for beta-ing this for me. Come chat on tumblr: .com