best friends since we were little kids. We lived on the same street just a few blocks from the quarry. We were never exactly popular, probably because we dropped out of the academy, which was practically a death sentence in this District. Leaving the place that so many people think makes District Two great doesn't exactly put you high on the social ladder. Nastia laughed at something one of our other friends said, turning her attention back to them. I leaned against the fence, aimlessly twirling a piece of my messy hair around my finger. "Oh look, it's your lover." Nastia said with a snicker, pointing across the yard. I glared at her, before slowly looking over in the direction she was pointing, my eyes landing on Cato; our district's latest victor, back from the arena. "Stop calling him that." I said to Nastia, both of us watching him talk to some people, his cocky smirk on his face. He was wearing a tight black button up, with beige dress pants. Despite his previous time in the arena, he still looked flawless. You know, flawless on the outside. Everyone knows he's a narcissistic asshole on the inside. Always has been, always will be. Everyone at the party was gawking over him, especially the women. It was, after all, his welcome home party. "It's not my fault you have a thing for him." Nastia said with a grin, flicking a curl over her shoulder. "I don't have a thing for him. I had a crush on him when I was thirteen, something you need to let go." I snapped, sending her a glare, which only made her laugh a bit more. This is why I don't tell her things. She never lets them go. I looked back over at Cato again, who was now looking around the party, the older woman chatting with him obviously not keeping his interest. His eyes paused on me for a moment, making a chill rise up my spine. He smirked slightly, opening his mouth to mouth something, probably insulting, to me. Probably something embarrassing. Luckily, a perfect blonde head threw herself into his arms, attaching their lips together, his arms easily pulling her closer to him. Dahlia. Everyone always knew they would end up together. They were both insanely good looking and popular beyond belief. Cato was top of his class at the academy, where as Dahlia was always second with the girls. It was like they were made for each other. I'm sure one day they'll have perfect little blonde babies, who will go on to win the Hunger Games, as will their grandchildren. Their lives will be perfect. I looked away from the pair, a twisting feeling in my stomach from watching them kiss. Not because I was jealous, or because I was secretly in love with Cato, or something. Because I was positive I would never find someone made for me like they were for each other. "Do you guys wanna get out of here?" I said, slowly tearing my eyes away from the perfect couple, their laughter-sounding like nails on a chalkboard. After a round of nods and us girls slipping off our shoes, I smirked, saying, "Let's go." We weren't desecrate about it at all, us all pushing our way past the rude people, snickering a bit and mocking some of the looks we got on our way to the other side of the yard. One by one we all climbed over the brick wall fenced in area, landing with thuds on the pavement on the other side. I was last, tossing my shoes over and reaching a hand up to grab the top, ready to pull myself up. "Not leaving already are you?" I turned my head around, seeing Cato standing before me, his arms crossed lazily over his broad chest, Dahlia clinging to his side like a pathetic puppy dog. I couldn't help but roll my eyes as she shot me a defensive look, wrapping her arms tighter around his torso. "Sorry to disappoint, but I have more important things to do than stay here and celebrate you." I say with a completely fake smile, Dahlia scowling at my rudeness, while Cato only seemed to smirk wider. "Oh Azalea, how I missed your bitchy attitude." Cato said in a snaky manner, slipping one arm around the whimpering for attention Dahlia's shoulders. "That's funny." I said, turning back around and pulling myself onto the top of the wall, swinging my legs over before looking over my shoulder at Cato, who was looking up at me. "Because I didn't miss yours at all." I said, smirking as his own smirk dropped from his lips, his mouth opening to respond as I dropped down from the ledge onto the concrete below. "Took you long enough." Nastia said with a laugh, linking arms with me as the group of us headed off down the road, shouting and laughing loudly, not caring if we were being rude. We were happy, in that moment, although it wasn't anything special. I was an outcast in this part of town, not that I minded. I was Azalea Aysel Morgandy, the boring brown haired girl who dropped out of the training academy when she was thirteen, and is waiting for her dad to come back and for her life to be normal again. I was far from exceptional, and everyone knew it. Who needs them, though? Really, we all end up alone anyway. Might as well get used to it. [-x-x-x-] I hope everyone enjoyed this first chapter of ' Scars ' Before anyone asks, NO I am not stopping with Tribute or Middle of Nowhere, this is more of a side project. I've wanted to post this story for so long, and I got impatient of waiting. Please leave reviews! Updates may be a bit slower than my others, as I want each of my chapters to be at least this long. Thanks Everyone! Becca x.