the cruel deeds in your advanced age that you abstained to do so in your youth, then by all means do so now, for I can assure you that if you do not give me the same punishment as Peeta, then I shall make sure to receive it myself. Know that I will never beg you for anything, nor deny my sin, if it is truly that. Now leave me and go weep with your women, and if you kill Peeta, kill me with the same stroke," she finished fiercely. Haymitch listened to everything that his daughter had to say, but he did not believe that her threats were anything but empty. He then left her and decided to not cause her any direct harm, but rather to cool her scorching love with a different punishment. He often thought of his daughter as the girl on fire, what with her hot head and passionate words. Surely Peeta thought of her as this for a different reason, though. The thought angered him even further, and he sent out his guards to strangle Peeta silently and then cut out his heart and send it to him, and they did as they were told. The next morning, the King set out to find a striking gold cup and placed Peeta's heart into it, asking one of Katniss' most trustful servants, Primrose Everdeen, to send it to Katniss with these words: "Your father sends you this to console you for what you most loved, even as you consoled him for what he loved most." After Haymitch had left Katniss the night before, she had set out to find nightlock, squeezed the deathly berries, and distilled them with water so that they made juice, creating poison in case her fearful suspicions were met. Prim came and knocked on her door then, and Katniss met her tearful gaze as Prim repeated the words that the King had asked her to say. When she was done, she handed Katniss the gold cup, and as Katniss opened it and saw the heart, she knew instantly that it was Peeta's. "Oh, Katniss, I am so sorry!" Prim burst into tears. But Katniss turned to her bravely and said, "Gold alone is a fitting burial place for this heart; my father has done wisely." She then lifted the cup to her lips and kissed the heart within it and said, "Always, my father's love has always been tender towards me, and I thank him with honor for presenting me with such a princely gift, for my beloved Peeta vowed to me that his heart would always beat for me." She was then joined by Madge and Delly as well as Prim, and they entered her room in attempt to comfort her. Katniss then closed the door to her chambers as she stood there with the heart of her dead lover and exclaimed: "Oh, Peeta, how fortunate you are to finally be free of the miseries of this cruel world! Nothing is missing from your funeral rites; you have been buried properly in gold by your enemy for your courage, and now all that you need are the tears of the one you loved the most during your life, and these you shall have as well, even if I promised myself to die a tearless and pitiless death. I will weep for you, and once I have wept myself dry, I shall your join soul, for what safer place to go than the one where the arms of your soul now inhabit? Surely they will accept me, because I know for certain that your soul loves me, and that everything we had was real." She then bowed her head as she wept and cried incessantly and painfully for him, allowing her tears to spill over the cup, her eyes an abundant fountain. She kissed Peeta's heart over and over again, and her women, Madge, Delly, and Prim, watched her pityingly as they cried with her and tried to comfort her as best as they could, but to no avail. Once she felt that she had cried enough, Katniss dried her eyes and said: "O most beloved heart, I have performed all my duties to you; nothing now remains for me to do, save to come with my soul to bear company with yours." She then took the vial filled with nightlock juice and poured it into the gold cup where Peeta's heart was wet with her tears, and fearlessly drank every drop. She then calmly lay down on her bed and placed Peeta's heart over her own, waiting peacefully and wordlessly for death to take her. Having witnessing these events, Madge, Delly, and Prim, quickly sent word of this to Haymitch, but neither of them had noticed that she had consumed the poison. Haymitch, fearing what may happen, instantly ran into his daughter's room and tried to console her with sweet and gentle words as she lay upon the bed, but it was too late. "Spare me your tears, Haymitch, for I do not want them, whoever heard of someone crying over what they wanted? However, if your love for me still holds, please grant me one last wish and have me buried in the same grave as Peeta. I know that you were upset with me for being secretly with him, but I ask you now to allow my body to lay openly with his wherever you have cast him, for you see, he promised me that he would always stay with me," she whispered. Grief consumed the King, making him unable to reply, and as Katniss felt death approach her, she said, "Let me go, and remember that my love was real." Haymitch instantly repented for his cruelty as he watched his only daughter die, knowing that it was too little, too late. He drank the rest of his life away as all of Panem grieved the fate of the star-crossed lovers, burying them both in the same grave.