something for you. You stay here, I'll be right back." Santa pats her on the head and disappears down the short hallway. Katniss is extremely skeptical about what Peeta could possibly have for Skye. A giant box of cheese buns? Enough to last them through next Christmas, maybe? That seems highly impractical. He could just give me a 'free-cheese-bun-for-the-next-year' card… Katniss gasps, and her hands cover her mouth when Peeta returns quickly with a box that looks suspiciously the same as the one that was stolen. Skye begins to jump up and down screaming, "My dolly! My dolly!" "Oh my goodness! Peeta!" Katniss says, reprimanding him without thinking. "I, I mean... Santa! How thoughtful of you." she says, trying to calm the fury at his expensive gesture and be excited for her daughter. Peeta ignores Katniss and focuses all his attention to Skye. "I just couldn't wait until Christmas to give it to you. You've been so good, I thought you should be the first one to get a toy this year." Peeta's broad smile says everything Katniss needs to know about him in that moment. He is beyond generous and even though she has only known him for a short time, she can already say without a doubt that he is more genuinely caring than anyone she has ever met. But there is still the matter of reimbursing him for the doll, and as much as Katniss is thankful Skye has the gift they were both desperately seeking, she isn't too happy with being indebted to anyone. She catches Peeta's attention and while Skye is entertained by Isabelle, she motions towards the door with a look that says "We need to talk." "Peeta, it will be a month or two before I can pay you back for the doll." "Katniss, you don't need to pay me for it." "Yes, Peeta, I do. We can't accept a doll that expensive from a practical stranger." "I'm no stranger, Katniss. I'm Santa," he says matter-of-factly, motioning to his velvety garments. "Besides, you've already paid for this doll." "What? How have I already paid for this doll? Peeta, you're not making any sense." Katniss reaches for her head in confusion, massaging away the beginnings of a headache. "Well, if you will give me a chance, I'll tell you," he says, still looking pleased with himself. Katniss folds her arms loosely across her chest and silently waits for Peeta to divulge his information. "After you left that day, I felt so bad, I just wanted to do something to help you. So, I uh, checked our surveillance tapes and sure enough, I spotted a silver-haired lady picking it up after we left the table. She is kind of a frequent customer so I know her name." Katniss stares at Peeta in astonishment, breaking into a huge smile of relief as the knowledge that she isn't indebted to him sinks in. "Oh, my God, that's incredible!" Katniss flings herself into Peeta and embraces him tightly, catching him off guard so that he has to take a step back for balance. She feels Peeta's arms encircling her waist, and she relaxes into the sweet scent of cinnamon and yeast. Katniss releases him just enough to ask for more details, not pulling completely away. "So, what, you just asked for it back?" "Well, not exactly." He takes a deep breath, clearly trying to collect his thoughts. "I, um, I have a friend that's a security guard. He's a really big guy, and I just called him up and asked him to find where she lives and kindly let her know we had video of what she did and if she didn't want it turned in to the authorities then she should give the doll back." "So she agreed right away?" Katniss continues her inquisition of Peeta's story while toying with the white fluff at the nape of Santa's wig. "Sort of. The way, t-the way Thresh tells it, she, uh, tried denial, and, and then she-" Peeta doesn't mind being shushed by the feel of Katniss' index finger lightly on his lips. Katniss removes her finger to point up, and Peeta's eyes find the mistletoe. He looks back down to her, and Katniss inches the silly white beard down just enough to entice his lips to claim hers in a sweet, gentle kiss, pouring all of her gratefulness and need into it, and Katniss thinks she could kiss him forever. The moment is too short for the both of them, but it doesn't go unnoticed by a few others, mainly one other. "Hey! Momma's kissing Santa Claus!" Skye yells to everyone in the room. Katniss and Peeta break away from each other, Katniss with flushed cheeks and downcast eyes, and Peeta with his head high and a winning smile. "So, um, we should probably get going. Thank you so much, Peeta, for everything," Katniss places her palm on his chest in an affectionate gesture of sincerity. "Can I call you?" Peeta asks. "Yes, Peeta, you can call me." "Will you answer?" Peeta questions jokingly, poking Katniss in her side. Katniss playfully slaps his hand away. "After that kiss I'd be crazy not to." XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Reviews are always appreciated! I must say, since everyone writes these things for the fandom's pure enjoyment and there is no payment involved in any way, we should all think of a review as a tip or the earnings for which a good job is due. If you like a story, please leave some feedback, and I'm not just speaking of my stories. Everyone appreciates it and I read all too often reviews that mention how the person usually doesn't review. I think that's sad, because some people may choose to stop writing their interesting and wonderful fics because they think no one is reading or that no one likes it. I try to review at least once, possibly more, everything I read. You should, too! It makes the reading community better. :)