before her. "That's Glimmer," Prim whispered, pointing out a beautiful girl surrounded by many ladies in waiting. "Most believe she will win Peeta's hand. And over there is Cashmere. She's been here the longest. She first came courting just three years after Peeta returned." Katniss looked over the women in the room and felt her nervousness dissipate, replaced by anger and determination. "Look," Prim whispered and pointed. On the wall was a portrait positioned next to the head table. It was Katniss, Peeta's vision of her during her lost years. Just then Peeta walked into the room with his mother behind him. He took his seat at the table in the front of the hall as his mother stepped forward. "Welcome, welcome, respected guests, esteemed families, distinguished young ladies. We are honored to have you with us on this most happy occasion - the day my son will choose his bride." There was a rustle of voices among the hall. Katniss watched Peeta as his mother spoke; she could tell he was looking for her. She locked her eyes on him and willed him to see her. "My son has decided to choose the young lady who knows him best, who can prove her love for him by showing she understands him. To that end, I have devised a single question." As she spoke these words, Peeta's eyes found hers in the crowd. He looked puzzled at first, but the lines of worry on his face smoothed out with realization. Katniss, however, was worried again. She realized his mother had tampered with their plan. "I will ask each young woman to come forward and give a description of my son. The one who gives the best portrayal, proves she loves the best because she understands the best, will win my son's hand and become queen of this kingdom." She looked around, and her eyes came to rest on her son. "And we will abide by the decision made here today," she said with heavy purpose weighing down her voice. Around the room the murmurs turned to discussion as the challenge became clear. Many girls looked frightened at the prospect of standing in front of the room, and Katniss watched a few girls gather their entourage and leave. Katniss herself was worried. She was not good with words, never had been, and with Peeta's mother in charge, there was no longer any guarantee that she could win. One by one the women of the room were called to the dais to speak. Many girls could barely raise their voices above a whisper. Others stumbled in awkward uncertainty, unused to speaking in public. A few spoke with clarity, their young voices ringing out in the room. All spoke of Peeta and his kindness. It became clear to Katniss that despite the situation he had been in for the past twenty years - war, grief, unimaginable pressure - he had not changed. He had remained himself - to the point of treating the maidens with kindness and respect even when he had no plans to marry them. As the number of women grew fewer and fewer, Katniss tried to stay calm. And then it was her turn. She made her way to the dais, holding her fingers together behind her back to keep them from shaking. Peeta smiled at her as she approached, but his mother looked at her through narrow eyes. Katniss faced the hall and cleared her throat, and as she began to speak, the bright-eyed one, Athena, swirled around her, filling Katniss with hope and joy, trust and love, respect and determination, which came out in her words like a song: "Sing in me, Muse, and through me tell the story of that man skilled in all ways of contending, the man of caution, the man of grief. Most loyal of men, who found love and waited for it to reappear, never showing scorn, never pulling others down to share his own misery. Let me tell the story of one so wise, so beloved by the gods that even in scorn, there was compassion, even in despair, there was grace bestowed upon him to honor his nature. His fame has reached the vaulting skies. " She took a deep breath and turned towards Peeta before saying her last line. "The one who stayed waiting for me." As she spoke these final words, the daughter of Zeus lifted her veil, and recognition dawned on all who stood in the hall. Peeta's mother gasped audibly and began to rise from her seat next to her son. But Peeta put his hand on his mother's arm, stopping her. She turned to him. "I have made my choice, mother," he said quietly. "I made it a long time ago. Her face fell minutely, but she sat back, acquiescing to her son's decision. Peeta rose from his chair and crossed to Katniss. He took her hands in his and raised them to his lips. "I pledge before the gods and all who stand here, you are my one true love. I have loved no other but you since I saw you more than twenty years ago. And until my dying day, there will be no other but you." As he spoke, she brought his hands to her lips, echoing the pledge of the man she loved, the most loyal of men, securely in her arms at last. Notes The phrase "sailing the wine-dark sea" shows up in several translations of both The Iliad and The Odyssey. It is also the title of a book by Thomas Cahill. "Sing in me, Muse, and through me tell the storybr / of that man skilled in all ways of contending"br / The first lines from Katniss' speech come from the first lines of The Odyssey, translated by Robert Fitzgerald (I 1-2). "His fame has reached the vaulting skies."br / The penultimate line from Katniss' speech comes from book XIX of The Odyssey, translated by Robert Fagles, (XIX 18).