as well as sneak out of both and meet in the middle every now and then. But it was obvious that our society was crumbling, and that it would only be sooner rather than later before something terrible happened, and it was highly likely that we, as Divergents with not two, but three aptitudes, would go down first. Abnegation had already been destroyed, and the Dauntless had already taken refuge with the Candor after having being induced by a powerful serum designed by the Erudite so that they were the ones to take down the Abnegation. Needless to say, Amity wanted none of it, and we were only taking in those who needed refuge, with the condition that they would follow our rules. "Psst, Peeta! Over here!" I heard a voice whisper, and I instantly ran towards it, knowing that it was my Katniss. I looked up to see her jump down from one of the branches, which she had probably used to climb over the wall. "There you are," I said as I leaned in and kissed her, then pulled away so that I could grab her hand and delve her deeper into the orchards. "Peeta, what do you have in that paper bag?" she asked as we suddenly arrived in the hidden clearing that I had found earlier, where I had splayed out a blanket for a picnic. "Just your favorite cheese buns," I grinned as I held up the bag and sat down on the blanket, motioning her to sit by me. "Peeta, we're in the middle of a war, and you want us to have a picnic?" she cried out in disbelief. I sighed. "Look Katniss, I have faith in you, I really do, but if we don't survive this…well, I want our last moments to be together," I explained, pleading at her with my eyes. "Peeta, don't say that, we're not going to die, I'm not going to let that happen," she said firmly as she sat down on the blanket beside me and locked her gaze with mine, making me put the bag aside as she grabbed on to my hands and interlaced them tightly between hers. "I love you," I told her softly. "Peeta…" she began. "You don't have to say it back," I interrupted her gently, even though I wanted her to. "It's not that. It's just that I don't want us to say goodbye," she whispered. "Then come here," I said as I held her close against my chest, wrapping my arms around her tightly, never wanting to let her go. "I wish I could freeze this moment right here, right now, and live in it forever," I murmured as I watched the sun beginning to dip into the sky, splaying a perfect shade of orange over us. "Then I'll allow it," she said as she pulled away to look at me and kiss me more ardently than she ever had before. I tangled my hands in her long, dark hair, moaning as her warm tongue darted into my mouth after I had allowed it entrance. Our kisses continued to deepen, and soon it became apparent that we were feeding a spark, and that nothing could stop us now. My girl was on fire, and I was burning for her. Katniss Our clothes had disappeared with the sunlight. His hands explored my body with loving and gentle touches, before coming back up to lightly knead my breasts as if they were dough. I arched my back as he put one of my breasts in his mouth, while using his hand to massage my other one, rolling my hardened nipple between his deft fingers, his tongue performing languid patterns on the other one. "Oh, Peeta, don't stop!" I gasped as I interlocked my fingers in his short blonde curls. "I'm not planning to," he assured me as I suddenly felt his hardness between my thighs and then slipped his hand down to rub the place between my legs. I moaned, and then he slipped a finger inside me, which caused me to make an even more audible gasp. "You're so wet for me," he breathed into my ear. "Peeta, I need you now," I pleaded, and to prove my point further, I reached down and grasped him, feeling the impossibly soft skin covering his erection. His mouth parted open in surprise as he withheld a moan, his blue eyes turning dark along with the sky. I took this as a sign of approval as I bent forward to kiss him, causing his tip to brush over my sex. We both gasped at the feeling that this elicited, and soon he took over and I spread my legs wider as he slid slowly into me. Although this wasn't the first time we did this, I always had to let myself adjust to his size as he began moving steadily. It was a feeling of wholeness, having Peeta inside me, shifting back and forth as we found our rhythm. I reached my hands down to squeeze his behind so that he could go in deeper, then gave that up and decided to wrap my legs around him instead as my nails dug into his back. Soon, we both started panting heavily as we started to reach our climax. I remembered how, months ago, intimacy had been in my fear landscape, and how Peeta had completely turned that around by making me feel safe in his strong arms. The noise that came out of his mouth as he found his release inspired me to find my own. I felt like there were notes dancing over me as they reached their sweet crescendo. He collapsed, rolling beside me on the blanket as I turned to him to stroke his dampened hair. He smiled at me dreamily as he asked, "You love me, real or not real?" And I said, "Real." And that was the last thing we said to each other before all hell set loose.