circling her thumb and forefinger around her reddened nub. It was obvious that she had done this before, many, many times. I bit my lip with yearning. I wanted to pleasure her too. "Peeta," she mewled, and I felt myself hardening again. Meanwhile, she had returned her eyes back to the mirror, and to my surprise, her expression was as voracious as mine this time. "I want to touch you," I pleaded. "Here," she said, taking my hand and leading it towards her center. She felt warm and damp, her pliable folds unbelievably spongy against my eager fingers as they went in deeper. It was wonderfully inviting. "Wow," I breathed as I curled my fingers up experimentally. She moaned. "You like that?" I asked hopefully, rubbing my thumb over her clit as a she made incoherent sounds and nodded. Her shoulders relaxed as she let go of me, her face turning blissful with pleasure. "Yes, just like that, Peeta," she exhaled contentedly as I pumped my fingers in and out of her while my other hand rubbed vigorously over her clitoris. I switched my movements and began making circular motions, as she had done before, and her hips thrust involuntarily towards my opposite hand, riding my fingers eagerly as they went in deeper so that my wrist was cupping her. Before I knew it, she was leaning against the mirror for support, first with one hand, and then the other, forcing me to press myself against her back as I wrapped my arms around her front. My cock was straining for attention again as it poked her bottom, causing her to moan louder as I began to grind against her while I continued to work her with my hands, watching our glazed expressions on our reflections. Her left hand let go of the mirror and she slipped it up beneath her shirt, kneading her breast roughly, her breath fogging up the mirror. I groaned, and she removed her hand and grabbed one of mine so that it slid underneath her shirt and bra, pushing her bra cup up as my large hand enveloped her soft, warm breast. Her wet walls clenched the fingers that were thrusting inside of her, while my other hand pinched her nipple before rolling it over with my thumb and forefinger, just like I had done with her clit earlier. "Peeta!" she screamed, no longer able to contain herself, her creamy fluids drenching my fingers as she came, her head rolling back to rest against my shoulder. It was like a beautiful painting. I was entranced by the mirror's reflection, our cheeks flushed, our eyes dark, our hands exploring unseen depths, all while Katniss rode out her orgasm and struggled to regain her breath, her chest rising and falling as I gently rolled her malleable breast against my palm. "You're so beautiful," I murmured in her ear, rubbing between her legs a few more times before finally releasing her. Her dark hair was coming out of her braid, a bead of sweat trailing down her face as she looked up at me wordlessly, perhaps not knowing what to say since she wasn't so great with receiving compliments. But that never stopped me. I tried to ingrain this image of her in my brain, knowing that I would have to paint it later as a memento, if only for myself. I didn't want this memory to ever fade. Her lush lips parted to respond, but the only thing that came out was a sigh of relief as she relaxed into my arms while I wrapped them around her waist, kissing her gently. "We better come out before they come back looking for us," she finally said when I broke the kiss. I nodded as I let her go so that she could adjust her clothes, washing my hands in the sink while she redid her braid quickly. "So why were you masturbating in here in the first place?" she asked, amused. I grinned. "You know what watching Harry Potter with you lying against my chest does to me," I teased. She laughed, but before she could reply, we heard a noise on the other side of the door, and I pulled it open roughly. Finnick, Johanna, and Gale stumbled inside, having been leaning against the door while I had opened it. "What the fuck? Were you guys spying on us?" I cried out accusingly. "We were checking up on you two!" Gale bristled in defense. "Yeah, we were worried," Johanna added, even though I could tell that they were lying. "We heard you screaming, Katniss," Finnick smirked, not even ashamed. "Aren't you supposed to be watching The Goblet of Fire ; I thought it was your favorite movie, Johanna!" Katniss exclaimed. Johanna smirked. "Yeah, but hearing you guys fucking around in there was way better; this is something we've never witnessed before," she pointed out. "Gale locked us in here," I growled back, glaring at Gale, who shrugged as if I should be thanking him, which, heck, maybe I should be. "Peeta, your fly is open," Finnick said casually as I blushed and zipped it back up while everyone else snickered. "Whatever, let's just go back to the living room," Katniss said as she rolled her eyes, taking my hand encouragingly. "Ugh, you two have no shame," Johanna glowered while we all headed back to the living room, just in time to watch Cedric Diggory whispering in Harry Potter's ear about a certain bath. "My favorite part!" Johanna squealed as she threw herself on the couch. Katniss and I settled down beside her, shaking our heads at Delly, Madge, and Annie's questioning looks. I threw my arm casually around Katniss' shoulders as she settled back on my chest. I took another red vine from the bag and held it up to my mouth. My cock was still hard. We were back to square one. A/N- That's it, guys! I hope you enjoyed this little one-shot. Happy Holidays!