on her left side. Katniss could see it, too, and she wanted to pull away from the tap dance the two teams had been doing. They couldn't do it, though, and found themselves down 13-14. Odesta had match point. Katniss kept her breathing steady, eyes trained on the ball as Annie sent it up and drove it over the net straight to her. The bump was perfect, as was Peeta's set, and Katniss sent a line drive to the ground when Finnick tried to block with one arm. Obviously their plan to tire out Finnick's shoulder was working. Katniss hissed out a 'yesss' and lo-fived Peeta nonchalantly. Now it was all tied up, and with the ball coming back to Katniss, it was her and Peeta's game to lose. She was in the zone, and not even Peeta's glistening pectorals could break her from it. Nothing could be heard over the roar of the crowd. Katniss closed her eyes to concentrate, and when she opened them, all she could see was gold. With more confidence in her game than ever, she served the ball to Odesta. Finnick moved in front of Annie to bump it this time, giving his partner the set, and himself the spike. Peeta tried to block it, but the ball got past him. In a diving save, Katniss dug at it before it hit sand, popping it back into the air for Peeta to set, but she only had enough time to lob it over for Annie to bump. Finnick's face contorted in pain as he set it up for Annie's spike. Katniss went up to block, but instead of staying on Odesta's side, it bounced into the net on Katniss's end. She sucked in a sharp breath watching it all happen slowly, the ball fell towards the ground. Peeta dove underneath her, but he hit the ball on his knuckles with such force, it ricocheted out of bounds and left Katniss with no chance to return it. The crowd went wild for the victors as Katniss realized they'd lost. Silver was all she would go home with. Who knew second place could be so devastating? The sense of loss was so crushing she could barely stand. But before Katniss could fall to her knees and make a fool of herself with an open show of emotion, Peeta put his arms around her shoulders and gave her a friendly side hug. Oh, fuck the professionalism, she thought. She needed him right now. He wrapped her in his arms when she turned her body into his, buried her face in his shoulder and let the tears flow. He rubbed her back and whispered how amazing she was. That if they had to lose to someone at least it was the reigning champions. He told her she was still young and could come back in four years to try again with Gale. What? What did he mean, 'come back with Gale'? They'd been so good together, on and off the court. She couldn't lose him now. "You don't want to come back with me?" Katniss asked, lifting her watery eyes to his, searching for the answer to a question she never thought she would ask of him. "Are you saying you'll allow me to be your full time partner, Everdeen?" She barked out a laugh at the saucy way he asked. The loss they'd been handed stung like the dickens, but she knew with more hard work, and Peeta on her team, she'd be back again. She pressed a thankful kiss to his lips, tasting the salt of her own tears. Cameras and phones flashed furiously at the display, while fans hollered and swooned over them. She pulled back and gave him a smile, taking in his sun-bleached, blond hair and his tanned skin. Perhaps she was going home with something golden, though she wasn't about to say it out loud. That would be her little secret. But she did tell him how she felt about being permanent partners. "I'll allow it." "Ready, Mellark?" Katniss asked Peeta, tossing the ball to him and giving an encouraging wink. They were one point away from the gold medal they'd been denied four years earlier, and Katniss could almost taste the metallic tang of the shiny disc. She hoped it was heavy when they hung it around her neck. She'd be disappointed if it wasn't. "I'm ready. You ready, Mellark?" Peeta winked back. Katniss couldn't help but grin at how Peeta took every opportunity to call her by her new name. They'd been playing against the new team from One in the finals this time, Cashmere and Gloss, a brother-sister team. They were popular, and excellent players, but it was Katniss and Peeta who were the darlings of the games this year, especially since Odesta had retired to start a family. Now, the Mellarks had one foot on the podium. It was theirs for the taking, and Katniss couldn't have pictured a better scenario than sharing it with her husband and partner. The entire set seemed to happen in slow motion as the ball flew across the net, angled for the sand. Gloss dove for the dig, sending the gritty pebbles flying into the air. His sister barely had time to get under it for the set, and Gloss could do nothing but tap it over the net, which made for an easy one-touch spike for Katniss. The ball hit the sand hard enough to make a small crater, and the crowd went wild. Katniss ran to Peeta, jumping into his arms and crushing her mouth to his in excitement. This time when she pulled back, she didn't have to scramble away from him. She could kiss him again and again for as long as she wanted. Having Peeta was better than any award or sponsorship she could ever win. Of course, having it all wasn't bad, either. Always love to hear from you! Let me know how it was... Pbg