waistband of my pants so it isn't so obvious. God just my own hand almost makes me groan. There is no hope of it going away with her only a few feet from me. She's breathing hard and it does beautiful things to her breasts that rise above the neckline of her tank top. Her skin is so tan from the sun and freckles spill across her shoulders everywhere the sun has kissed. Disappointment and even a little anger drift across the heat behind her eyes. She simply says, " Well I'm not. Goodnight Mr. Mellark." I hardly sleep. It feels impossible with the war waging between my fucking morals and my body. Hell I can't lie even my heart is invested at this point. When it comes time for my day to begin I drag myself out of bed. It's still dark outside as I make my way down the hall. The floor is cold beneath my feet and I pause just for a second as I pass her door. I don't know why but I place my palm against the worn wood. It's like I can feel her behind it. Closing my eyes I make my way into the bathroom trying not to wonder what she sleeps in. The pipes hiss and groan in the walls and steams fills the room. Stepping beneath the spray makes me sigh and I imagine the hot water washing away all the filthy thoughts that plague me. Grey eyes and pink lips. Dark hair and dusky skin. Stubborn strength and shy smiles. All of them need to be washed away one scalding bead of water at a time I scrub my body and hair and my frustration only mounts. I do everything in my power not to think of her. But each time I close my eyes she's there. Her laugh. The way her back arches when she braids the hair off her face. My mind betrays me as I think of her by the pool the weekend before. Her skin was slick from water as she cooked beneath the summer sun in the tiniest blue bikini I have ever seen. I couldn't look at her without picturing slowly untying the strings at her hips and burying my mouth against what lay beneath it. I smack the tile and the sound is loud and wet because I can feel my cock stir between my legs. It hurts it's so hard. I refuse to jack off to her in the shower like some pervert. I run my palm against it and just the small contact makes me bite back a low desperate groan. I won't think of her. I won't. Leaning my head into the glass door I take it between my fingers and then fully into my fist. My eyes close and my breath hisses through my teeth because it feels so good. I go slowly like I'm punishing myself. Slow sure strokes as steam fills my lungs and hot water pelts my back. I grunt as I'm getting closer and it echoes in the closed space above the sounds of falling water and the slapping of my own skin on skin. But even above that I hear a softer sound, a whimper and it's needy, close, and indisputably female. My eyes fly open and meet silver. Wide silver eyes with lush black lashes and fat black pupils. Her mouth is open in a small "o" and she's watching me. "Katniss…" Her whisper interrupts me. "Please don't stop." My eyes grow and she comes closer. So close that she's leaning her own head into the glass inches from mine. "Don't stop." "Katniss…" "I think of you." I can't seem to look away from her mouth, her eyes. She licks her lips. "When I touch myself. I think of you." I can feel my heart in my throat and the words leaving hers make me see black. "Fuck…" The word falls from my lips but it only spurs her on. "I can hear you in here most mornings. Sometimes you say my name. Do you think of me too?" My chest rises and I'm breathing in so much steam I'm convinced I'm not getting enough oxygen. Blood pounds in my head and in my cock beneath my fingers because just the idea of Katniss with her hand buried between her legs and my name on her lips is too much. I stare at her but don't trust my words so I simply nod. "Then please don't stop." I count to ten. I wait for my mind to make sense of this and for it to put a stop to it. But I realize that beneath her gaze I am useless. I can deny her nothing. So my hand begins to move. Again slowly. She watches and her palms flatten against the glass when I move faster, her fingers curling in time to my movements. When her eyes lift up to meet mine and she bites her lips I moan out loud. When she starts to whisper how much she wishes it were her hand and how she thinks about what I would taste like I can't keep my eyes open. I just lean against the glass hard and stroke faster and try to breathe. When she asks if I ever think about being inside her it ends it for me. "Fuck! Fuck Katniss!" I spill against the glass and watch as it washes down the drain. I can hardly stand my legs are shaking so badly. Dragging in air. I swing the door of the shower open. I can't do this. We cannot fucking do this and she's going to drive me crazy. Angry I get in her face. "You have to stop! We! We have to stop." She never even flinches. Instead she grabs the hem of her shirt and pulls it over her head. Grabs me by the back of my wet hair and says against my parted lips, "I can't."