into her hips while hers bury themselves in my hair. I crush her lips against mine, swallowing the sounds she makes down my throat. I'm starving for the taste of her tongue, the sweetness of her mouth. Each bite of her lips makes me curse. Each noise she makes races along my limbs, every desperate whimper met by my thrusts against her hips, and my moans into her mouth. I lick along her teeth, her tongue chases mine along the soft inside of my cheek. Our breaths are hot desperate puffs of air, panting and wanting and wild. She laughs against my lips when I lift her by the hips and carry her to the sofa pulling her onto my lap without ever pulling away. I'm hard between her thighs and she's taking advantage of it. Jesus if she keeps grinding like this I'm going to come in my pants like a teenager. I pull back and rest my head against hers. "You are so god damn beautiful." She smiles and my heart turns over. Leaning into my ear she whispers, "Always with the pretty words. Now put your fucking hands on me Peeta." She chases her words with her tongue and my hips rise off the couch on a moan. Fuck yes. Her mouth tastes sweet, untamed, and wild. Her pulse pounds beneath my tongue. My teeth are grazing the skin of her throat down to her shoulder. She leans away from me and arches her back, pulls her shirt over her head. I moan out loud and lean against her collarbone. Running my bottom lip along her warm skin I whisper, "Jesus…..no bra…..wasn't prepared." Her laugh is light, and I look up at her with a smile. Skimming my fingers up her sides makes her shiver. The roll of muscles beneath her waist is mesmerizing. The sway of her breasts…. perfect. I weigh them in my hands and she sighs. When I lean forward and pull one between my lips she keens. Her sounds set me off. I'm relentlessly tugging, and flicking with my tongue, pulling with my fingers and teeth. Her hands are pulling my hair, holding me to her while she almost desperately writhes against my lap. I reach around and with handfuls of her ass, I grind her along where I'm hot and hard beneath my pants. "Peeta…..."It's a whimper, soft and needy. I grunt around her nipple. "Say it again please." "Peeta….Peeta, please." Her head is arched back, breasts pushed forward, her gorgeous throat exposed. Standing up, I flip us around and lay her against the dark cushions. Her hair fans out, her lips are swollen and she's so beautiful that I physically ache. I look into her eyes. "Are you sure?" "God yes." She nods and bites her full lip reaching for the band of my pants. They are tented and I hiss when she slides them down my waist. The relief of no constrictions and knowing her hand is so close to where all the blood in my body is pulsing makes me light headed. She goes to wrap her hand around me and I stop her. "I can't….you…..it's just too much." I stand and grab my wallet from the side table. My fingers won't cooperate before finally finding the foil edge of a condom. I feel her eyes on me as I slide it slowly along my length. She licks her lips and I twitch in my hand. "Fuck Katniss your mouth drives me crazy." I lean forward and kiss her lips, down her chest, and stomach stopping where dusky skin meets cotton. Hooking my thumbs beneath the pale material I slowly pull her panties down her legs. She's so wet that I can see it. She's perfect, and I rest my head against her hip trying to catch my breath. Blow lightly across her heat, making her shudder. Circling her hip with my tongue, I breathe against her skin. "I want to taste you so fucking bad. But I don't think I'd survive it." Shaking her head she pulls me up to her mouth, opens her thighs to settle me between them. I can feel the slick heat of her inches away. Our kisses slow until we are just breathing into each other and I slide into her an inch at a time. She's so tight and wet, she's amazing. When our hips are flush I go still. She arches against me and I groan. I start slow, each thrust pushing her up against the cushions, each snap of my hips making her cling to me and whine into my ear. Sweat beads between my shoulders and runs down my neck. The smell of her skin, the feel of her gripping me tight inside her is too much. I'm pounding faster, our skin slapping in the room, heat pools in my stomach, and I know I'm close. I reach between us, fingers slick until I feel her clit pulse beneath my touch. She moans, arches, and locks her feet around me. When she comes her nails dig into my shoulders, her head is thrown back and she goes completely silent. Her walls bearing down on me make my eyes rolls back and I let go. Like lightening from my spine up through my chest I release hot and hard. When I come down, and am able to breathe and function again her face is inches from mine. Her hair is dark with sweat and a wide satisfied smile lights across her mouth. I can't help but grin back because that was amazing, and because what I see shining out of those smoky eyes is real. The circumstances of how we got here just don't matter. What matters is she's here…..with me, and for us it seems to make sense. We need each other. We protect each other. We save each other. I think somehow this would have happened anyway. I'm captivated, a prisoner to this, and I'm okay with it.