posted to facebook as a meme titled Flirting Dont's or What Not to Text to a Hot Doctor. Or anyone for that matter. Her phone pings with a new email, and she checks it to find a file from mellark . His work email. There's little doubt now that it's a purely professional relationship, so her next question, while direct, shouldn't put him off. But it's been sitting at the forefront of her mind for hours, making her unable to think of much else. K: You don't have to answer this, but I've been curious - Why didn't you say something when I sat down at your table last night? Moments that feel like hours tick by before she receives a reply. She watches the response bubble pop up and then disappear at least five times before the message comes through. P: Honestly? I thought you were beautiful and intriguing and I didn't want you to leave. So I didn't say anything . He thinks she's beautiful? Her stomach flutters to life with the same butterflies she felt last night when she saw him, a sensation that she can only equate to an unfamiliar kind of happiness mixed with a delicious fear of the unknown. And while it's flattering and her cheeks are turning pink in the solitude of her room, she doesn't know how to respond. She's not good with compliments. Thankfully, another message follows the last one. P: And I understand completely if you're angry with me. I should have been forthcoming that I wasn't expecting anyone, but I just couldn't let you leave without knowing something about you. Please accept my apology. He's apologizing. The words are so genuine she melts into a puddle. K: Please don't apologize. Her fingers hover over the keys as she thinks about telling him the truth. He gave her an honest answer about why he hadn't mentioned her mistake. Can she be as honest with him when he hasn't even asked the question she has the answer to? He may never ask it, though, and that's what makes her type it out. I wish I could have stayed. I really didn't get to know much about you. Other than you're a young doctor. It's too obvious if she says handsome, young doctor, right? Probably . Should she use a winky face emoji? It feels like it could be casual. But what if he's just being nice? She might as well come out and tell him he's gorgeous. Of course, she sort of did that on their non-date. Throwing caution to the wind, she adds the wink and sends the message. Her heart is in her throat again and those same butterflies are banging against her rib cage, attempting a riotous escape. She can't wait for his reply. It's too nerve wracking, so she sets the phone down, braids her hair, and dresses in record time. She stares at the phone from across the room. The screen is dark. If she hits the home button and nothing is there, the hope inflating her chest might burst. He probably didn't reply at all and she decides to ignore the phone a little longer and goes to make coffee. Stepping away from her phone is so worth it because when she comes back with a steaming mug of coffee, she opens the screen to 3 messages and one picture from Peeta. The smile actually hurts her face and she almost drops her phone trying to get the damn thing open. P: Funny you should say that. P: I ordered the Italian cream cake after you left. It was delicious, just like you thought. The third message is the snapshot of said cake with its dreamy, frosting-covered, triple layers that look so decadent her teeth are aching from ghost cavities. It's almost too beautiful to eat. Almost. P: I was kind of hoping you might want to share this one with me tonight? That is, if you don't have any more blind dates lined up. ;) He winky face emoji'd her back! She can't believe he wants to see her again. It feels like one of those 'pinch yourself' moments, so she does and it stings like a bitch, but the pain is worth it. So worth it. For her reply, she decides to be playfully evasive. K: I have no more blind dates lined up. P: Is that a yes? K: It's a yes. ;) Maybe she can do this flirting thing after all. Quickly, as though if she doesn't do it now then Peeta's offer will go away, she pulls up the thread with Johanna's name on it and sends a message asking her to please let Gale know she won't be able to meet up tonight. Not that she wanted to anyway. She just needed to think of a good reason to turn him down, and this is a better reason than any she'd thought up so far. J: Any reason I should give him? Not any reason she wants him to know. K: Just apologize for me and tell him something came up. J: Sounds like you're blowing him off, Everdeen. What is it? She wants to reply 'nothing', but the way her stomach is dipping and soaring like it's a butterfly bursting from its cocoon, taking flight for the first time tells her it's definitely something . She won't be able to keep it a secret for long, though. Johanna is persistent when she wants information. But for now, vague truth seems to be best until she can at least figure out what's happening. K: I'll tell you all about it later, but let's just say it's something very… unexpected. As always, comments are appreciated! There is a very specific question that was not answered in this story. I was certain I would be asked, but so far I haven't seen anyone wondering about it. Think you can figure it out? I'd love to hear it! Thanks for reading! Pbg