with me and tries to force me to love her back, but trust me, there is nothing to love about her. When Billow, the escort, calls the name "Harper Humphrey" I let out a sigh of relief. She is finally gone! That relief didn't last for long because the next name she called belonged to me. Great, now it's just me and her for the next few weeks. It's not the Games I'm worried about. Pray for me. Harper's POV: OMG! Today was the Reaping and I was called. Me! Of all people who could've been called. My name was entered 4 times, and some of the lowly girls from the Seam were entered 6 times as many as me! It isn't fair! I demand a redraw. As I walk to the stage all eyes are on me. Surely out off all of my friends someone will volunteer for me. I was wrong. I snap out of my daze when I hear the name of my not-so-secret crush (we're in a relationship, he just doesn't know yet). I watch him approach the stage. I know the arena is a cruel place, so I might as well enjoy the time I have before hand... District 9) Bree's POV: I watched as the most obnoxious boy in the district walks towards us on the stage. I have a good feeling about this year. I know I can win if I try. I am really good at hand-to-hand combat. This defenseless boy next to me has no chance, he will probably me one of the idiots who die the first day. As I shake his hand a feel of pride washes over me. I know I can do this. District 10) 3rd Person POV: Unlike Some, these tributes hated each other's guts. Bernadette, the martial arts ninja, and Storm, the hunter, would probably be at each others throats the minute the gong sounds if not before. District 11) Topaz's POV: I hear my name. I proudly march to the stage and pump my fists in the sky. I look at the crowd of my fellow district people and try to encourage them to clap. They look at me like I'm stupid. You probably want to know about me. I'm a little weird. I like to intimidate people with my knees and elbows. This is how I plan to make it through the Games. Hand-to-Hand combat and intimidation. Micah's POV: I watch as the strangest girl whom I have never seen before heads towards the stage. Seriously, where did she come from. All I know is I'm at least 3 years older than her, but am still extremely intimidated. I was expecting my name to be called. It was entered more times than most everyone, but the reality of it happening was overwhelming. I stumbled to the stage and hesitated to shake her hand before we were shuffled into the Justice Building. District 12) Presley's POV I couldn't believe today was the reaping, I stared at the large glass, bowl containing my name 26 times. "Ladies First" our district escort Alane Bridges declares. I'm so afraid that it's going to be me. I can't bear the thought of leaving my poor family behind. "Topaz Hollister," she calls out. At first I breathe a sigh of relief knowing its not me, and then let out a gasp realizing who it is. Topaz Houser, one of our next door neighbors, but their family is more than just our neighbors. Her parents, Josh and Jennifer Hollister, are former Victors, and little Topaz? She is only 12 years old and is one of the sweetest kids you'll ever meet. I can't let her go into the games. I glance across the crowd and see Isaac, her older brother, "Please," he mouths . I have always had a crush on him but should I really take it this far? "Are there any volunteers?" Alane asks the crowd "I volunteer!" a familiar voice answers her. "Phew!," I think to myself now I don't have to go in for her, but after a few minutes I realize, that voice, was mine. Auburn's POV: "Topaz Hollister," Alane Bridges says, her voice filled with it's Capitol accent. I breathe a sigh of relief knowing that it wasn't Presley going in. Then it hit me like a ton of bricks. It wasn't Presley, but my baby sister. If only I was a girl I'd be heading to the arena. I would have volunteered to save her life. There is no way little, sweet Topaz could win the Games- even if our parents are victors. I was running out of time to fix this problem, and did the first thing I thought would work. I turned to see Presley looking at me with pain in her eyes. I could tell she was on the verge of tears. I knew she knew what she should do, so by mouthing one word, "Please," I made up her decision to go into the arena. It was then I realized the full reality of what I had done. Instead of my sister going in, my best friend, who I might have a crush on was. Even if my name isn't called I'm going in. I owe her one and besides I'm not going to let her face the arena alone. When they call out the name "Auburn Hollister," I walk to the stage not breaking eye contact with Presley. It looks like they were planning on having two victor's kids going in this year, but instead they got an even stronger team. A/N: So, what do you think? is it to confusing? If you Notice I only had POV's for the important-ish Character's. The other's didn't really have a story line. The Main Characters are Auburn, Presley, Chris, Jade, Lucas, Mackenzie, Addison, and Zander...But that doesn't exactly mean they will all win;) If you have any question just PM me! I'll post the next chapter soon! Until then Review!