Only me, and I want to feast on every last drop of her. My hands find her feet and slowly run the length of her calves. When I reach her knees I gently separate her thighs, opening her up to me. I steal a glance at her face. Her breath hitches and she watches me with a lustful gaze, her mouth open as if she's waiting to moan. And moan she will. I plan to be sure my name falls from her lips many times tonight, and for the rest of our lives. "Peeta," she gasps as my fingers make contact with her slick folds. Lowering my face to her center I glide my tongue from her entrance to the top of her clit in one slow motion. I can feel the duvet tightening and her breathing becomes faster in sharp, shallow pants. She opens her legs even wider and raises her hips just enough to let me know she wants me to do it again. Over and over I retrace that path until Katniss is a quivering mess and begging me for, "yes, yeeeeesss, Peeta. More." I flick my tongue back and forth at the very top of her clit, where I know she likes it best. She repeats the words 'don't stop' over and over like a mantra. I know she's so close. She comes hard, her heels digging into the mattress and her back arching from the bed. I watch her body convulse while my tongue finishes her off. I love seeing her breasts from this angle. The underside is so smooth and her nipples point straight up into the air, as if to say there is a God. And, oh, am I a believer. The sight has me throbbing in my pants, but I'm not finished with her yet. I insert a finger inside her, seeking out that special spot, rubbing it back and forth, applying gentle pressure. Katniss whimpers and tries to protest that she's too sensitive, but I know better. And seconds later she comes again. The sight is even more erotic than the last, and this time, there's no denying the jealousy of my aching cock as her walls contract around my finger. I scramble off the bed to strip off every article of clothing I have on, and grab a condom from the bedside drawer. I've got the package ripped open, about to sheathe myself, when Katniss's hand stops me. I look into her eyes, sated and glowing, and full of affection. My head dips in silent question. "I don't want anything between us," she says. My heart stops beating for a second, but her shy smile and the meaning behind her words starts me up like I've been reborn. "I want it all, too, Peeta." She pulls me down to her and I climb over the top, settling myself between her legs as she recounts my earlier dream. "I want to move out to the burbs, and give you little blonde children, and watch you play with them in the grass and push them in the swing." My heart could literally burst right now from pure joy, and somehow my cock gets even stiffer, but I need to be sure. The last thing I want is for Katniss to regret her choice from making an emotional decision. And she did almost fall to her death. "Are you sure?" I ask her. She nods confidently and winds her legs around my waist, urging our centers closer together, The tip of my cock meets her folds and Katniss throws her head back, exposing her neck to me and I waste no time bringing my lips down to her luscious skin as I slowly push into her. Her body was made for me. Her tight walls welcome me, until every inch of me is cocooned in her warmth. I pick up a slow, steady pace, making sure each thrust of my hips is marked with a kiss or a word of love. Thrust. Kiss to her chin. Thrust. "Beautiful." Thrust. Nip to her ear lobe. Thrust. "Forever." Thrust. Kiss to her temple. Katniss pulls all my weight on top of her and angles her hips up allowing me to get deep, so deep, inside her. Home. That's all I can think. Katniss Everdeen is home for me. My hips pump more frantically as I near my release, and I feel Katniss's hand snake between us. I look down and see her finger circling her clit and I nearly lose it. I slow my thrusts, making them more shallow, and watch, mesmerized. When I hear her breathy cries and feel her walls begin fluttering around me I pump a few more times before I spill myself into her. I love not having anything between us and it thrills me that my seed is inside her and not inside some piece of rubber. We are part of each other now in every way. I collapse beside Katniss in exhaustion from the day as well as our love making. She turns into me and immediately I wrap my arms around her and pull her as close as I can. I close my eyes for a moment, part of me questioning how real our confessions of just minutes ago are. When I open them I see Katniss staring at me, and as I look into her eyes, I know she's mine. Forever. Nothing can tear us apart. Katniss's breathing levels, and before I follow her into sleep, I find myself silently grateful for a stupid ledge. Because without that nudge of fear, I may not have been brave enough to get what I wanted. HUGE thanks to my fan-girl-friend and most fabulous beta, Burkygirl, who became ambitious and snatched up two of these wonderful prompts. You should read them! Reviews are greatly appreciated, as I didn't get a whole lot of hits on tumblr so now I'm nervous this sucks! Come chat with me there. Same name. :)