mum calls but rarely only to tell me I have to go to school and to help arrange the funeral. Today is the funeral for Prim. I haven't slept for days, mostly from the nightmares that over take me. Its just easier to not sleep then enter the world where I'm forced to watch my sister die over and over again. Mother and father haven't said anything to me not have I talked to them. I dress in a old blue dress that was Prim's favorite out of all the dresses I have. I haven't heard anything from Gale. How could he leave me here to deal with all of this. Rory is better now but still very sick and he too hasn't said anything to me. Everyone doesn't have to blame me because Iv already blamed myself for this. The service is held in the town hall and everyone is there. Prim was one of those girls who, everyone would just fall in love with. She had many friends unlike me and was pretty popular. I walk to my spot and see the pretty coffin with 'Primrose Everdeen' engraved into it. Tears threaten to make an appearance as we take our seats. I can see Rory crying into his mothers shirt, I want to go and talk to him but I think he maybe really upset still so I stay where I am. 'Primrose Everdeen' forever in our hearts. Everyone is leaving all except me. My parents couldn't stay very long because they would just break out into tears. Rory comes up to me before he leaves and hands me a letter and leaves not a word said. Dear Katniss I'm sorry about your sister (my girlfriend). She is in a better place. I hope you know we may be young but I know I love her. Forever and always. I am going to leave to Hollywood and live with my brother because I can't stay here its too much of a reminder. I'm sorry and I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me for not doing a better job at protecting your sister. Love always Rory. I wish he understood that it wasn't his fault it was mine. I sit by her tombstone watching the sunset into many different shade of pink, purple, stunning red and orange, reading Rory's note over and over in my head. Night falls and the twinkling stars appearing in the pitch black sky. I think prim should have this note from Rory. I place the flowers I have down as well as the note from Rory. "Goodnight Prim." I sob and turn and walk away from my poor little sister. Everything has changed so much, my mother blames me everyday for my sisters death and not having Gale or Rory by my side isn't helping either. Gale has recovered but he decided to live over there so I don't ever see him. I'm coming down the stairs when I hear my father and mother fighting. " I CAN'T BEAR TO SEE HER FACE, SHE.." " you can't blame her it's not her fault" My father still loves me but my mother not so much. I can her them quarrel more before one word I hear 'Divorce you take her' I run upstairs to bed and cry. My parents have divorced now and I'm living with my dad for a while. Everything is back to normal except for Prim. I miss her a lot. Nothing's the same although it may be but I wouldn't notice because I spend my days locked up in my room. I walk my way Down the creaky old stairs and my dad is on the floor sulking holding a photo of Prim. I can't take anymore of this it's too much. I can't stay here everyone is just Brocken and its all because of me. I run off upstairs. Tears streaming down my face. I grab my rucksack and put cloths ,toiletries, my secret stash of food and $2000 all of my saved up money and I climb out of my window. Their is a tree near by that I scramble down. The train station isn't far so I run there. The train has just pulled up luckily and I jump on. I'm off to LA. I doubt anyone will miss me. All the carriages are full except one. I enter and close the sliding door collapsing onto the chair.I'm startled when the door slides open. "Hi mind if we sit here?" I'm greeted by a tall bronze, skinny but muscular blond hair guy with the greenest eyes Iv ever seen and next to him a short blond hair bronze skinned skinny girl with sea green eyes. " Yeah it's fine." I say. " We'll my name is Finnick but you can call me Finn everybody else does, and this is my girlfriend Annie." Finnick holds his hand out. " Katniss." I say shaking his hand. " You don't look very old are you traveling alone ?" The young girl , Annie , Questions. "It's a long story " I shrug " Dear we have 8 hours" Annie smiles and I feel as though I can trust them. After answering and asking many questions I found out a lot about these two backpackers. Annie is 19 and Finnick is 20 and they are dating. They both seem like they make the cutest couple. Annie is very chatty and Finn seems to be the ladies man, I have to admit he is pretty handsome but not my type. Annie And Finnick are from Manhattan and are traveling around with each other. They are very nice and offered me to come traveling with them untill I find where or what I want to do. A/n well thanks for reading so far, and pleases review I hope you enjoyed So far if I get enough reviews wanting me to continue this I will so please review :)) ~PeetaYouStalker