which believe me I have lost sleep over." "Your loyalty is beautiful. And your strength. I now know how deep they both run. As much as I want you to stay I understand why you can't. I have never known anyone so strong, so selfless, and that's beautiful too." "I wanted to learn more about you. I wanted to know what foods you can't refuse, and I wanted to hold your hand. What would that feel like?" "I wanted to find out if you are ticklish and if you fight fair. I'd probably let you win but I bet your eyes flash like lightning when you're angry. I'd have loved to see that." I smile because I can picture it. "I also wanted to thank you. For finding me when I needed someone most. For singing to me and fighting my nightmares with me. Thank you for protecting me." "Fuck I'm going to miss you. You know that right?" My words seem to stick in my throat. I feel like I'm desperate and drowning and no one is listening. "Katniss please…wake up. Just open your eyes." "Fight. Kick and scream and come back to me." "I never got to tell you that I have fallen in love with you." "The first time your voice pulled me back, stayed with me through the night I was a goner." "Please. I'm asking you to just stay…stay with me." The machines continue as I stand shaky on my feet and slowly kiss her cheek. I cherish hearing her breathe. "Goodbye Katniss. Goodnight." I sit with Haymitch until the last moment but as I hear the beeping of the machines taper off into silence I can't stand it and have to go. I have to get out into the open before I lose myself completely. I need air. I need her. She's gone. Christmas comes and passes and behind it follows the snow. Months melt into one another until the view outside my bedroom changes growing lush and full. I think of her when I see the greens that flutter in the breeze and shade the forest floor. She was right. Life does go on. It just is never the same. I can smile. I have some good days. Others I am so caught up in the memory of her and my dreams of what could have been that it makes it hard to move. It's on one of those days that I smell it. I'm standing at the open window with my eyes closed breathing deeply... honeysuckle? It taunts my senses and clenches my heart as the wind whips it around my body. Still I breathe in as much as I can, selfish and desperate to imagine she could be here. I can imagine her profile and hear her voice. "Hi Peeta." I miss her voice so much. It seems so real. "I'm sorry. I would have come sooner but it took me a while." Like months before I turn too quickly my eyes trying to adjust after staring into the sunlight. She's here. Standing here in front of me I stand so still afraid to blink then ask, "How? What are... how is this possible? She looks down and that slow smile almost makes me want to collapse, my legs are shaking. I'm shaking. She clears her throat and sounds shy. "My heart, it ummmm after they unplugged the machines it started up again, on its own. The doctors didn't know what to do, and well I woke up. Just like that." I'm afraid to move, afraid this all in my mind. I whisper, "Just like that." She is rambling now, "They sent me home a week later. Haymitch talked about you. I was so confused. My memory it only went as far as the night I took the pills. Even then it was vague. I've been seeing someone. There's been therapy, medicine, it's been hard but…" She takes a deep, uncertain breath. She's alive. It's like a chant in my head. I look at her. There is a light pink in her cheeks. Her chest rises and falls with each of her breaths. Those beautiful fingers play with the ends of her hair. I can't believe I'm hearing her voice. She closes her eyes briefly as she explains, "I began having these dreams. Lovely dreams. There were all these colors, like paintings, and so much peace. There was a voice, a man's voice. He said the most wonderful things and his presence well I've never felt more safe. It was you Peeta. I remembered the blue of your eyes first. The crooked lift of your smile. When the sun would set I could hear your laugh. It was so much it overwhelmed me but it wouldn't let up. I remembered the sound of your pencil across paper, how you take you tea, and seeing the breeze from the open window blow the hair back from your face. I couldn't escape you. After a while I didn't want to." I whisper, "You're here. You're alive." She smiles. "Yes." "I'm alive." I release the breath I've been holding. "You came back to me." She takes a step closer then another until she is so close I can feel the warmth of her body and mine begins to shudder. Her voice is smoky and warm as she whispers in my ear, "Yes Peeta I came back to you." I reach for her hand and when my fingers close over the solid, steady feel of her pulse tears catch in my throat. "You stayed. You stayed… with me." She leans into me and meets my eyes. "Thank you for fighting for me Peeta. For wanting me to stay." I slide my hands into the hair at the base of her head. It's like satin through my fingers. Resting my head against hers I can taste her in my mouth. Her breath is heady and perfect. "Always Katniss. I want you to stay with me, always."