had forgiven her. Peeta leaned in toward her, his hand settling on top of hers, and her heart began to beat wildly. "This is against the rules, Katniss," he said, and his closeness mixed with the minty smell of his breath made Katniss' eyes flutter closed in exhilarating anticipation. "What do they say?" Katniss asked quietly, entranced by the fog of lust swirling around in her mind. In a husky tone that hinted at his rapidly deteriorating control, Peeta recited section 12 of the manual. "Fraternization may be forbidden to maintain image and morale, to protect and ensure fair and uniform treatment of subordinates," Katniss quivered, feeling every word he spoke, and opened her eyes to watch his lips move with his words, "to maintain organizational integrity and the ability to achieve operational goals, and to prevent unauthorized transfers of information." Peeta paused, licked his lips and breathed deeply before continuing. Katniss did the opposite, fearing that if she dared to breathe the captivating spell would be broken. He made the legal side of business so… sexy . "Relations and activities forbidden under these anti-fraternization policies range from gambling and ongoing business relationships, through insubordination," Katniss leaned in close enough to feel the whisper of his lips, his voice having become almost silent, "to excessive familiarity and disrespect of rank, as well as... romantic and sexual liaisons." Every hair on the back of her neck and arms was at attention when he finished, and she was so close to him, she swore she could feel his lips even though they had yet to touch. She sucked in a breath when she felt the silky texture of his lips graze her own, as if he were testing her reaction. Katniss opened her eyes, a sea of blue staring back at her before Peeta pressed his mouth more firmly to hers. Her eyes drifted closed again as she let the moment wrap around them like a cool breeze that finally breaks the stifling heat of summer. Peeta parted his mouth and Katniss followed, their unhurried kisses sufficiently wetting their lips. "Screw the manual," Peeta said, his voice deeper than she'd ever heard it, before sucking her bottom lip into his mouth. Katniss let out a small whimper when he let it go. "I want you, Katniss." She wanted him, too. Peeta stood, his half-lidded eyes firmly fixed on her as he picked her up by her narrow waist and set her on the glossy, honey-colored conference table. It was stimulating and frightening all at the same time, the frightening part decidedly less distracting as he began to kiss her again. Gently at first, his mouth covering hers and then more fiercely after Katniss slid her tongue across his lower lip, inviting him further, snaking her arms around his neck and her hands in his soft hair. "If we keep doing this," she stopped mid-sentence to kiss him deeply, like a woman possessed with need, "we're going to get fired." Katniss moved her lips to kiss the adorable dimple in his chin that she'd noticed his first day on the job, then dragged them across his jawline to the pulse point in his neck. She breathed deep the sweet scent of him, all the while finding new skin to nip at, his throaty moans and heavy breathing driving her crazy. His hands left her body as he tried frantically to loosen his tie. Peeta whispered in her ear after yanking the tie from his collar, and the sensation of it sent a shiver straight to her core, "If we keep going, I'll resign myself." "Don't do that." Katniss was surprised by the airy tone of her voice. She'd never heard it sound like that before. The thought flitted away as Peeta's fingers threaded through her hair, gently tugging backwards so that her neck was exposed to him. If Peeta did leave, she knew it would be because he wanted to keep her, and she decided she would do the same. "My turn," he murmured as he lowered his head, laving her neck in delicious-feeling kisses. Katniss smirked at Peeta's choice of words and his slight show of unnecessary dominance. She wouldn't dream of stopping him. In fact, she tried to encourage him by dragging her short nails deliberately up and down his back. "Do you want me?" Peeta asked, as if he read her mind earlier, his words muffled by her skin. She couldn't nod, since Peeta was dutifully lodged under her chin. She also couldn't speak, the sensations of everything going on - his lips, his hands; her lips, and her hands. Every part of her was so incredibly heightened, and the fact that there were people right outside the door that could walk in on them at any given time, made the forbiddenness of it all so much more enticing. Katniss had to settle for a very un sexy "Mhmm" in answer to his question. As if her thoughts had been posted on the outside of the door, it flew open and the two of them broke apart quickly, Peeta's eyes wide in surprise, Katniss' looking down in embarrassment that Mr. Abernathy had walked in on them. He took a deep breath, scrubbing his stubbled chin in thought. "Might as well take out section twelve while you're at it." The statement caught Katniss and Peeta more off guard than the intrusion. "But don't even think about doing stuff in this office again. You can do that junk at home for all I care, but I don't think the cleaning lady is very thorough." His voice was stern, but Katniss didn't care. She wasn't going to lose her job or Peeta. She felt light even under the current circumstance. "Put your tie back on, kid," Mr. Abernathy advised Peeta. "And what say we draft in a 'keep the doors opened at all times' policy instead?" Reviews are always appreciated! I wrote this a while ago, but I forgot to post it here!