it. He is kept in a cell separate from everyone else and after the next day he is left- possibly without anyone ever intending to come and get him again. The next day passes and Peeta is given a small Styrofoam bowl with soup in it. They don't want him to end up hurt after all. He would laugh if he understood the bitterness and irony of the statement. That night he is asleep and wakes up to the sound of his prison door sliding open. He is tired though, exhausted in mind and soul- although there isn't much of that left- and body. He sees multiple shapes enter (guards?) but before he can even sit up gas fills the room and he falls unconscious once more. oooOOOooo He wakes up in a strange room. This is familiar, for he's done this once before. So it's only reasonable that he panics. It's only rational that he struggles even harder when he finds he's been restrained. Beeps fill the room, strange smells, blinding lights and, terror fills him again, white walls. White everywhere. White people, white clothes, white walls, white sheets... White follows him and Peeta hates the colour more than almost anything. Where is he? "Peeta, can you hear me? Peeta? You're in District Thirteen. You're safe now." Safe. If his mouth wasn't covered he would laugh. Nowhere was safe anymore. Everyone is vulnerable. "You're in the hospital, we're trying to fix you up." The voice is a man's, unfamiliar, and Peeta relaxes a bit. There is nothing worse they can do to him, he thinks to himself, and he is comforted by the thought. "We're going to let you sit up now, alright? Tell us if you feel dizzy or nauseated." And then... they're letting him go. He doesn't fight. He is wary, but he is also hopeful. He wants to believe these people, wants to believe that he's been deemed important enough to finally be rescued. (It's too late to make a difference, but it means something .) "You're badly wounded, so you're body will hurt for a while," the man in front of him is pale, worried looking. There is a crease between his brown coloured eyebrows and his blue eyes are concerned. "Is there any place that hurts worse than others? Anywhere we've missed?" Peeta shakes his head, because he's not sure whether the man is asking if he's hurt- he is, obviously, but he's gotten used to it so he hardly notices anymore- or if there is a place that doesn't hurt which he intends to bruise to match the rest of the skin. It is wisest to say nothing. A dark-skinned woman reaches out to him and Peeta flinches on instinct. She freezes and when he looks down he sees she holds a plastic yellow cup in her hand, full of liquid. Water. His dry mouth aches for the wetness, but he's wary again. Is it poisoned? To cause pain? To kill? He takes the cup. If it's poisoned to kill, he welcomes it. If it's poisoned to cause pain, maybe the momentarily pleasure of drink will be worth it. If the water is only water then there is no harm. This is how he's come to view things. He hardly remembers a different way. The old Peeta would hate that, would rather die than see how the Capitol, how the Games and the results of the Games have changed him. Made him into something he's not. The old Peeta would not have given up. But he has slowly been replaced. "Thank you." He may not be the old Peeta but he is still Peeta. This water is pure and untainted. These people deserve thanks because he is immensely grateful for the single cup of water they have given him. "Can you stand?" The man- healer?- asks him and Peeta nods, accepting the two strong hands and pulling himself off the hospital bed, clad only in a thin, papery gown. His legs wobble but he can stand and, after a few deep breaths, he steps forward, only leaning on the healer and woman slightly. A few minutes later he is walking around without help. The doctors jot things down and even though Peeta is wary still he knows that he is outnumbered and surrounded. It is better to accept whatever help comes and grit his teeth through whatever tortures are sure to follow. Peeta has given up on fighting back. He sits back down and three men, one is the healer from earlier, come closer and speak in low, soothing tones. It is how Peeta would speak to a spooked, wild animal. The thought brings him little comfort. The three men shine lights in his eyes, check his pulse, tap the under sides of his wrists and his knees. Peeta is calming down, is starting to relax as much as he can anymore. So far all these men have done is take care of him. But then Peeta tenses again. Because there, at the doorway, Katniss has appeared seemingly from nowhere. Behind her are men, a dark skinned man and Haymitch, but Peeta doesn't pay them any attention. There is Katniss . You are in love with Katniss. You hate Katniss. Katniss tried to kill you. The fear is back. Desperation fills Peeta, the instinct to protect himself. He looked around for a weapon but there is none. He doesn't want to kill her. He doesn't want to kill anybody. But the animal instinct to survive, to protect himself, is overpowering when he sees a source of potential harm. When he sees her, somebody who wants to kill him, who wants him in dead in the most torturous way possible, his instincts scream at him to eliminate the threat. He doesn't want to kill anybody. But it's kill or be killed. Peeta sweeps the doctors aside, rises and moves towards her. He lifts his arms and then, Peeta wraps his hands around Katniss's throat.