and thrust my hips towards his face. " UGH, PEEE-EEE-TTT-AAAH! " I cried out as I grinded onto his mouth. My spine tingled and I shivered and moaned as I felt the heat of his tongue engulf my center. I begged him not to stop, but he paused momentarily to kiss me on the lips so that I could taste myself. He then thrust two fingers inside of my entrance, and I bucked my hips and rode them hard before he reattached his lips back to my clit. "Oh baby, please make me come," I gasped out as I pinched my breasts. Peeta moaned at the sight, and he devoured me with renewed vigor, his golden head shining bright under the Christmas tree lights. He suckled loudly on my clit and fucked me with his fingers, and before I knew it I saw stars as I felt that tingling feeling in my lower abdomen build up until I exploded. I was crying out for mercy and couldn't stand the stimulation anymore, so I pushed his head away as he grinned at me and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand before sucking on his fingers. Ice began to fall down steadily on the roof as Peeta told me how good I tasted; how bad he wanted me. I took his cock in my hand in desperation and begged him to fuck me already. "With pleasure," he said huskily before thrusting into me completely so that he was sheathed inside me to the hilt. I wrapped my legs around his waist as we began to build a fast and frantic rhythm, my lips attaching to his as his hot, wet tongue stroked my own. He fucked me mercilessly, his cock thrusting in and out of me to the beat of the ice splattering down on the roof, as if he were competing with it. As the ice began to fall down faster and harder on the roof, Peeta increased his own speed, his hips slamming into me as he drove into me madly. His eyes were dark with lust and his breathing was labored as I kissed him breathlessly. My nails dug into his slick shoulders as I tried to hang on for dear life, screaming his name until my throat was sore every time he bit my nipple or stroked my clit with his thick fingers. "Oh Peeta, yesss, just like that, oh my fucking gawd , I'm gonna come, I'm gonna come!" "Argh, me too, come for me, Katniss," he gasped into my ear as he drove into me faster and faster, his fingers rubbing my clit in rapid circles. I came so hard I felt like I was having a seizure, my walls clenching his cock until he spilled into me completely, both of us lying boneless on the floor as Peeta collapsed right beside me. "Ah, fuck, that was so hot, Katniss." Peeta said. "Meow!" we heard Buttercup leaping towards us from the kitchen and that's when I smelled it: the burnt cookies. "Peeta, I think our kitchen might be on fire," I said softly, and I saw the blood draining from his face as it filled with dread. "Well, shit!" he cried out as Buttercup jumped right into the tree, and the last thing I saw was the fear in Peeta's eyes before the tree collapsed right on top our naked bodies. I screamed and shielded my face with my hands just before Peeta covered me with his own body, but the impact made us both cry out in pain. I heard Peeta whimper and then shove the tree to the side so that it was no longer on top of us. "Katniss, baby, are you ok?" he asked me in concern. "Ugh, that stupid cat! I'm going to cook it for dinner and feed it to the rats!" I screamed in frustration. Peeta started laughing, but then he started coughing and we both stood up and ran into the kitchen, which had black smoke coming out of it. Peeta made me run the other direction as I began coughing violently, and soon I heard the sound of the fire extinguisher, and minutes later, a naked, soot-covered Peeta came out of the kitchen, and I burst out laughing. "Oh my god, Peeta!" "The firemen will be here soon; put on some clothes," was all he said, and I stifled my laughter as we got dressed quickly. When the firemen finally arrived, they told us not to leave the oven on anymore and that for some reason, our live tree was ruined. By that point, Peeta and I weren't surprised. "This day has been fucking insane," Peeta muttered as he held me tightly while we stood out in the cold. "You were right. We should have just bought a fake tree at Wal-Mart like everyone else." I laughed. "Peeta, it's okay. If anything, this day has proven that Christmas is not just about the tree or the presents or the cookies. We're both alive, and we still have each other," I kissed him gently on the lips. "I wouldn't trade any of this for the world." "Who are you and what have you done to my Grinch of a girlfriend?" he teased. I slapped him playfully on the chest. "Oh shush, you know that I love you." "And I love you more," he kissed me again, and we heard Buttercup mewling annoyingly behind us. That damn cat had more than nine lives. "I'll still cook you," I said as he hissed at me. And Peeta laughed. The end. A/N- As always, I would like to thank everyone for reading, and to my wonderful beta, court81981, for her super speedy beta skills. To sponsormusings for putting up with me, and to Angylinni and msdisdain for running this challenge and working hard to make sure everything ran smoothly . And to everyone who participated in the secret santa challenge. I had so much fun writing for you.