doesn't give a damn, he'll let her ruin 100 shirts if he's allowed to hold her and know she's actually okay, this annoying woman who's been the bane of his existence for over a year. He's hugged her before of course, and danced with her, kissed her once and even on occasion held her, but this is different and intimate and somehow it touches him in his core. She is way too skinny, unhealthily so, but she is here and alive and for the moment he's grateful for that small miracle. "You're awake," he says, swallowing loudly. "When did that happen?" Her head is buried in his chest and she smells him, taking in the smell of raw alcohol and a faint hint of purely him that intoxicates her. "A few days ago," she said. "I asked them not to tell you. I wanted it to be a surprise." "You're evil, woman." She laughs a bit, but it's shattered so she stops. "So? Are you surprised?" He nods above her and she smiles. "Good." They're quiet for minutes, just holding each other, before he sighs and pulls away. "Effie-" "Shhh," she says, placing a finger on his lips. She looks up, meeting his eyes, and can't help but melt softly, feeling warmth when for weeks she's only felt cold. "You're the one who fought for me," she whispered. "Who kept reminding them to search and try to find me." He swallowed again. "How do you know that?" She let out a gasp of air that was almost a laugh but not really. "Plutarch told me," she said. "You and him were the only ones who fought to keep me alive." Haymitch closed her eyes and pulled her in close again, holding her. "Of course I did," he almost growled. "We're a team, remember? The four of us," he added. She nodded before whispering quietly. "Thank you." He broke the silence once more. "God, I missed you Trinket." She smiled and he felt it through his shirt. "I missed you too Haymitch, more than you'll ever know." And because they are Effie Trinket and Haymitch Abernathy, that is the closest thing they'll ever come to affection or declarations of their feelings for one another. He sends her on to go get cleaned up, choosing not to comment on her state of appearance, storing it away for a later time. Katniss finds him later that day, drinking once more in Effie's absence, and when she asks him for help he can't help but snap at her because he's sick of hearing about her problems and more focused on his own right now. "What is it, sweetheart, more boy trouble?" Because she doesn't even seem to know that Effie's back and if she does she doesn't care and Effie's all he can think about right now so he snapped. But at the look on her face he regrets his words and tries to take them back, but as he does she's already left. oooOOOooo "You're going back to the Capitol." It's not a question, it's a statement and she swallows the emotions rising in her at his words. "Of course I am," she answers Haymitch, choosing truth to fight his anger and hurt. "It's the only home I've ever had." "How-?" He asks before swallowing. "How can you go back there?" She sighs and turns from her packed bag on her bed to look at him. "How can you go back to a place that's a ruin of your former home?" He steps forward, but then hesitates, stopping. His face, for once, is unguarded and she wonders if that is regret that flickers in his eyes. "You could come to 12-" "Or you could come to the Capitol." She says, hardly knowing what they're saying or trying to say to one another anymore. She's wondering if they're silently asking each other to move in, wondering if this is a way of him asking for them to be together, but she doesn't know and the uncertainty is what stops her. "You know I could never live in 12." He smiles at her ruefully. "And I'm not fit for the Capitol." They stand and stare at each other, walls coming up and crumbling simultaneously and she finally realizes, finally understands, what is going on between them. She supposes she might love him. But now it is too late. "Who knows," she says after the silence. "Maybe I'll visit. To see Katniss and Peeta… you. When they all stop looking at me like- like I killed their families. As if I'll betray them at the first opportunity." He nods, swallowing, forcing composure. "Sure." "And you?" She asks. "Would you ever come back just to visit?" He watches her carefully, noticing her reactions and the things she isn't saying. "Depends on who's waiting for me." She nods. "So this isn't goodbye." "No. It's not." She laughs dryly to herself and shakes her head. "And to think I used to hate you." He rolls his eyes. "I used to abhor you." She smiled softly, stepping towards him. "And now here we are." "Here we are." "Take care of them," she commands softly, speaking of Peeta and Katniss. "'Course," he says. "But it won't be the same without you there." She grins. "I'm kind of counting on that." Because if they asked her to stay with them all, she just might say yes. And it's that hope that keeps both Haymitch and Effie alive. oooOOOooo First Hunger Games fic, how was it? Effie and Haymitch are practically the only couple on any fandom that isn't canon that I ship and I know nothing happens in the books and since I like to stick to what actually happens in books, I tried to keep it realistic. Did it work? I hope so. Review and tell me how I did? Maybe? Pretty please? Cause you love me and wanna put a big fat smile on my face? Love you all! Percyjacksonfan3