neck. Brushing my hair away lips replace fingers and I feel his words settle there hot and damp into my skin. "I'm not smart." He kisses across my shoulder. My exhales make me shake and I can feel the sticky salt of sweat and skin as his chest presses into my back. His lips drag along up onto my neck making it fall to the side. They brush my ear. "Tell me to be smart Katniss. I'm pretty fucked up but I can't say no to this so tell me you hate me. Tell me to go." His heart is pounding from beneath his ribs and I can feel it, I absorb it into me until I would swear mine matches it beat for frantic beat. His wide palms and long fingers anchor at my hips, and scratch softly at the tops of my thighs. When he sucks softly on my neck his voice is tight, desperate. "Tell me." Turning I look at him. Really look at him and appreciate how truly beautiful he is. His hair is damp and darkened with sweat and clinging to his forehead and his skin if fair and flushed with freckles scattered across his shoulders from the summer sun. His hands stay on me only to settle on my back and I feel them slip under the band of my panties as I rise up on my toes. I slide my arms slick from water and steam around his neck until my fingers sink into his hair making him sigh. Leaning forward I breathe into his mouth. "I can't." That's all he needs to hear and with a groan his lips are on mine his tongue parting them and making my eyes fall closed. We are aggressive and impatient and it is thrilling. He backs us both into the spray as my hands touch as much of him as I can reach. I claw into his back and run my hands over his stomach feeling his muscles tense and ripple beneath my palms. When my nails dig into his skin he moans my name and thrusts against me hard enough that I back into the wall of tile and laugh as he drags my wet panties down my legs. "Fuck. My god you are so gorgeous Katniss." He kisses me and bites his way down my neck his hands palming my breasts and my back arches as he takes one into the heat of his mouth all teeth and tongue and filthy words onto my wet skin. With determined hands I push his shorts past his hips and drag his briefs down along with them until we have nothing between us and are just a mess of slippery limbs and panting breaths. I can feel him thick and hard against my belly and when he kisses me again and grinds into me it is hard enough to lift me off my feet and he just puts his hands beneath my thighs to pin me beneath the water the tile cool and slick at my back, my feet locked together at the ankle. He's right there. God yes. He pulls back those long golden lashes spiked and his eyes a pool of blue and fattened pupils. "I don't have anything…" Kissing the words from his mouth I shake my head. "I'm covered, and clean, and please Peeta." "Fuck Katniss." This kiss actually hurts and it is so good my toes curl as he slides inside me until I am full and he is so close I feel like I am breathing out the air he pulls in. He thrusts slow and deep and my back climbs the wall a little each time. Every breath I take is pure steam and the taste of salt and his skin fills my mouth. His hair is wet and thick in my hands and each time he pushes in I pull and the most delicious sounds leave his throat beneath my lips. With my heels I push off the flexing muscles of his ass and he fucks me harder and harder and the slap of our skin fills my ears and each time he grunts I get closer. Then he starts to talk. Sinful filthy words and sentences that make no sense fall from his lips into my ear and against my cheek and it's too much. I come hard biting into his shoulder to keep from screaming as my back arches and my body bears down on his. He holds me up softly tracing the bones at my hip until I come down and then begins moving again in urgent long purposeful strokes that grow more erratic as his jaw clenches and his fingers dig into my skin hard enough to bruise. When he comes he kisses me. He kisses me and kisses me biting into my lips as he moans and stiffens between my thighs. Urgent kisses turn from needy to slow and then languid as he pulls out of me and sets me on the floor beneath the spray. We both stand with our heads resting against each other panting into the others mouth. When he opens his eyes they look lighter, less haunted. For some reason that makes me smile. Grinning back he pushes my hair off my face and kisses my nose. "Apparently you don't hate me." Trying to scowl and failing miserably because orgasm, wet and naked Peeta Mellark, and those eyes who am I kidding? "Being smart is overrated." When I add in a soft whisper, "I always saw you Peeta. Even if I didn't realize it." His smile falls into an expression so intense it makes me ache for something more and almost within reach. Looking between my eyes he leans forward and kisses me. It is reverent and happy and I sigh into it as his arms come around of me in a way that feels safe. Pulling away he squeezes me gently. "Well I'm glad you're paying attention now."