it, it began to feel good. And all of a sudden, I wanted more. I wanted to feel full, wanted his cock to fulfill the deep, aching chasm inside me. He must have sensed my sudden resolve, for he began thrusting faster and faster, until he was fucking me senseless and my breasts were smashing against his muscular chest, the scorching friction causing a sheet of sweat to erupt from between our bodies. He let go of my clit and moved his hand to knead one of my breasts, his mouth trailing his way down to take my other one in his expert lips, tugging and pulling at my tender peak with his teeth. I was wailing now, lost in my ecstasy and screaming his name until my throat was sore and the whole neighborhood knew that he was mine, if only for tonight. I wrapped my legs around him and grasped at his hair, his back, his sides, scratching his skin until I felt his boiling blood beneath my fingernails, and he cursed loudly. I felt myself climbing into heaven again, or perhaps falling from it, and I was so close I could almost taste it. "Are you almost there, Sweetheart?" I heard him ask, but his voice sounded drowned and distant, and I felt his hand over my bundle of nerves once more. I remembered nodding, and then bursting, uncoiling, quenched from my blazing fire. I opened my eyes in time to watch him come, his eyes rolling to the back of his head, his body trembling above as his mouth lay agape and he emptied himself into the condom. He instantly pulled out, and I watched in a daze as he rolled it off of his limp cock, tying the end and tossing it on the trashcan by the bed. I felt empty. I felt empty now that he was no longer inside of me, and I realized then that he had been filling a space that had gone neglected and unnoticed all this time. And as he collapsed beside me, I watched him drift off as I lay on his chest until the steady thrumming of his heartbeat lulled me to sleep. I woke up wondering where I was. Peeta was staring at me from the other side of the bed, and I froze. I was in his bed. In his room. I had lost my virginity to him last night. I had become another piece in his collection. Another piece in his game. I was one of them now. I would never be his lover. "Hey, don't cry," he said as he wiped my tears gently, like he really gave a shit. "You don't have to pretend anymore," I told him. "We both got what we wanted." He frowned. "I thought we were friends. Remember?" I shrugged. "Yeah, but then I came here and ruined everything. I just took up space between your sheets. You don't really want me." He gasped, and we both stared at each other in wide-eyed silence. "I've always wanted you, Katniss," he finally replied. "I thought I showed you that last night." "I thought you did that with every girl." "No. I never call them by their names, or kiss them on the lips, or bake them cakes, or give them birthday cards. I never lose my cool or my confidence with them. I was planning to use the wax from the candles to enhance your experience, but then I realized…" he trailed off, tugging gently at my bottom lip. "What?" "I realized that you weren't here for that." My lips wobbled as I burst into tears, digging my head into the pillow in shame. I wasn't actually sure why I was crying, I just felt like we had done something wrong, and that I had unjustly accused him of a horrid crime. I was in love with him. I was in love with Peeta Mellark, and he had just admitted that had feelings for me too. But what the hell did I know about love? Maybe I was just a stupid, delusional girl, and he was fooling me with his silver tongue. He wrapped me into his strong, warm arms, and I cried into his chest. "I'm sorry." His voice caught, and I wasn't sure why he was apologizing. "I couldn't do it, Katniss. I couldn't treat you like the rest. You mean too much to me. I realized that this whole time I've only been running away from my feelings towards you. This whole time that I've been watching you, I've been thinking that you would never notice me in the same way that I noticed you because that's what my mother always told me, that I was a pervert for going after you. So I shut off my emotions and only thought about my dick. Every girl I fucked was a way to forget that you weren't her. I couldn't call them by their names because I didn't want to get attached, and because I was afraid that I would call out your name instead. I was a coward, Katniss. I didn't ask you out because I was afraid that if I opened up to you, I would get my heart broken. But then you came to me and changed everything; you were braver because you took the first step, and all I did was hurt you. I'm sorry I'm such a piece of shit. You deserve better. We can't do this again." I shook my head violently. "No, no, please don't say that. Please tell me you'll stay with me. With me, and nobody else." I was angry now, livid because I was tired of everyone else taking what had obviously been mine all along. He sighed as he looked deep into my eyes. "Okay," he finally said as he kissed my forehead. "Always?" "Always." A/N- Thank you for reading, and huge thanks to my amazing beta, Court81981 for the super speedy and last-minute beta work!