tears slipping quietly down her cheeks, remembering how the smoke scalded going down and how Peeta choked and coughed, and even cried a little, making her promise never to tell a soul. "We went to prom together, graduated together, got ourselves through some heavy shit. We were always there for each other, no matter what. And what I regret most is that..." he looks at her, and she can see he's deciding whether or not to go on. Part of her wants to shut him up, block the pain his words are sure to inflict. Another part of her wants to drag the words out already, rip the bandaid off. She braces herself, knows this is going to hurt. "... I don't remember my first time with you." The statement hangs heavy between them, and Katniss doesn't know how to respond. But she doesn't have to, yet. "You see, Katniss," he rakes a hand through his hair. He barks out a manic laugh and looks to the ceiling. "I can't believe I'm risking everything here, but, we've come this far, so," he shrugs and breathes deep again. "I've wanted you - loved you - for a while. Years, actually. "At first, I let myself believe something could happen between us one day. But, about two years into it I realized it was a pipe dream. We were best friends and I accepted the fact that's all we would ever be. I wasn't willing to mess it up over what I told myself was just an infatuation. But now," he sighs heavily, "now that I could lose you I can finally admit to you what I've kept buried -I'm in love with you, Katniss. And now that we've been together I can't remember if your skin tasted salty or sweet..." She stares at him, disbelieving the sweet words she's hearing. But he tells her more, and the earnestness of his words leaves her no choice but to believe. "...if your lips really do feel like heaven against mine like I've imagined so many times. If you shouted my name into the darkness when you came, or even if you came at all… It kills me, Katniss. We've shared almost everything, and I remember every. tiny. detail," he punctuates each word with a frustrated slap to his denim-clad thigh, "of our friendship." He sighs and falls back into the couch cushions, defeated. "To know that we did that, and I'll never be able to recall it…" He trails off, staring at his hands, letting the quiet finish his thought. It's loud and clear, and she knows exactly how he feels. Her sluggish heart beats to life again, gaining confidence with every one of his words that lodge themselves inside it. He wants to remember . Has he really always wanted this? She thinks deep down that she has, even though she's only just recognizing it, and the flutter she feels deep in her belly lifts her eyes to his as it drifts through her chest, spreading into her limbs, making her feel heady with promise. Moments pass, feels like hours, thoughts of why he never said anything come and go, but they're not what she says. What she says changes everything. "It doesn't have to be the last time." Peeta whips his gaze to hers. "What?" "It doesn't have to be the last time," Katniss repeats. "You mean, you… you would... y-you want me?" he asks hesitantly. Katniss gives him the smallest of nods, so faint if his eyes weren't bearing down on every feature he might have missed it. When he speaks again his voice is like gravel, barely in control of his emotions. "It would be so much more than sex for me, Katniss. It can't be any other way. I'd rather have you as a friend forever than a fling, no matter how meaningful. Do you understand?" "It would be more than sex for me, too, Peeta. I think… this would have happened anyway." She pauses, swallowing, searching for the right words, finally settling on the only sentiment that feels right. "I'm in love with you, too." A grin creeps up on Peeta's lips, falling and resurfacing a few times as if he can't decide whether it's real or not. Hers does not falter, though, and with every quirk of his lips her smile widens until her cheeks hurt and she barks out a laugh, slapping a hand over her mouth as the sorrowful tears are replaced by joyful ones. He finally allows the suppressed smile to fully take over, and just like that the sunshine is back, raining its warmth down on her. Peeta's arms are around her waist before she can think, and her chest is pressed against his as he nuzzles his nose into her neck, breathing deeply. The heat of his exhale drifts across her skin, prompting gooseflesh to rise and she winds her arms around his neck, tightening their hold, fingers dipping into his hair. He pulls back slightly, pressing his forehead to hers, his hand cradles her jaw while his thumb gently caresses her cheek. "Can I kiss you?" he whispers. Katniss nods against him, smiling shyly, thinking how sweet he is to ask even after all they've done. It seems like too long for the short distance between them, but he steals her breath away with just the faintest touch of his lips, and Katniss almost cries in relief that she'll remember this. The way her heart pitter-patters at his nearness and her belly flops at the sweet way his fingers curl into the hair at the base of her neck. The tender way he tilts her head and presses his lips more firmly to hers. The feel of his tongue as it glides across her bottom lip just before she allows the entrance he seeks. Sighs of reprieve skating across cheeks, and moans of approval dancing between them. It's the perfect kiss. And the best part is, she'll never forget it.