I place my finger on it lightly, testing the feel of it. It's much warmer than my curling iron, and definitely as hard. Peeta's hand squeezes my side as my fingertip traces the length of his cock, drawing my attention to his face. His eyes are almost a midnight blue color, and he is physically biting down on one of his knuckles. I send him a smile that matches my newfound boldness, reaching into his boxers and wrapping my hand around his hardness. I pull it free from its cottony confines and inspect it. It looks a lot like the one in the video, and I mimic the action I remember seeing - gliding my hand up and down. Peeta gives a whimper, and I briefly wonder if I'm hurting him. "Are you okay?" I ask quietly. I don't know if he's incapable of words, but he just nods and lays his head back on the seat again, his hands tangling in my braid as his fist clenches and then releases strands of my hair repeatedly. I return my attention to my hand, focusing my sight on the tip of his penis. It's kind of… cute? I'm not sure what to think of it. I definitely don't think it's gross. I notice a slit on the underside of the head, and it seems like as good a place to start as any. Leaning down, and now more curious than ever, I flick my tongue over it and Peeta stills, his fist clenching my braid tighter than normal. "Katniss, what are you doing?" "You want me to stop?" I say teasingly, moving to the floor between his legs. I take a quick glimpse of Peeta's face, his mouth wide open in shock and I wonder if he's ever been this speechless before, or if I'm the first one to cause it. The thought crosses my mind that maybe he does want me to stop, but then his hands reach out and tug me towards him and I know his answer. Johanna was right; all guys do want this. I start small, swiping my tongue from the base to the tip, then swirling it around the head, just like the girl in the video. That wasn't so bad. It was actually quite erotic, so I do it again, applying more pressure with my tongue this time. Peeta makes a low moaning sound, and I hope it's covered up by the noisy hum of the bus's motor. If anyone catches us I'll probably die of mortification. After I lick my way back to the tip of his penis, I use my lips to envelope the head. I don't go too far yet. I've been a little nervous about gagging, but the sounds and small movements Peeta is making says he seems to be enjoying what I'm doing. I take in a little more of his solid shaft every time I my head bobs downward, until my lips connect with the skin of my own hand, still wrapped around the base. I move my hand a little, realizing I can take him deeper. I catch Peeta watching me, and we lock eyes in an intense stare. In a flash of boldness, possibly having to do with the way he's looking at me, I open my mouth as wide as possible, determined to take it all in. I feel triumphant when my lips reach the base, and Peeta let's out a sensual "ooooohhh" as I suction my way back up. I continue gliding my lips up and down, stroking the silky underside with my tongue. I feel Peeta's hands, now on either side of my head, begin to guide me a little faster. I take the hint and speed up, reveling in the helpless, awestruck way he's looking at me. I think I feel wetness gathering in my panties. I realize I've become very turned on by what I'm doing, and Peeta's failed attempts at stifling his soft moans is definitely encouraging it. I feel so empowered with the fact that I can reduce him to putty in my hands this way. With one breathy release of my name, Peeta removes his cock from my mouth. I'm confused for a minute as I watch him pump himself a few times, until he stiffens and comes, cloudy spurts of warm liquid dotting his hands and jeans. It looks less appealing than I'd thought it would, but I touch my pinky to a drop of it, bringing it to my tongue to taste. Peeta watches me with rapt attention, and I make a mental note for later that he likes to see me do these things. Reaching under the seat for my bag to grab a few tissues, I try not to make eye contact with Peeta as I return to my seat. As fantastic as I felt while it was happening, I now feel strange and... embarrassed? He wraps his arm around me and pulls me in close. "That was amazing, Katniss," he whispers in my ear. The awkwardness I'd just experienced is replaced with satisfaction by his grateful words, and the warmth of his breath on my skin hurls my senses into overload. I've heard Johanna talk about the oral equivalent for a girl, and while I used to think it was overrated and I would never attempt to let a guy down there, my body has other ideas. I just have no idea how to bring it up because I'm not really even sure what it is. And even if I knew, how in the world am I going to find the courage to talk about it? I pull out my phone, typing out a quick message to Johanna, the one person I know has the answers I need. We need to have a 'stuff' talk. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX So? Are you all blinded now? Have I ruined any ability you've possessed to drive a car or watch your favorite movie? Please let me know! Pbg