cinnamon buns that smell like his hands and chug diet Dr. Pepper ignoring how much I need to pee. It's midnight when I pull up to his house. Or his apartment above the bakery's addition they added when his older brother first moved home from school years ago. We used to sneak up there to share hurried kisses on his lunch break in the summer, sweating and sticky because the ac was always going out. We'd grin and talk about how one day his brother would move out and it would be his. I was gone by the time that day arrived. My palms are sweaty and my mouth is dry. It hits me that I have had nine hours to plan what to say and I have absolutely nothing. Not a fucking clue. I tell myself he's probably asleep anyway and am about to open the car door when the flood lights kick on and sure enough he comes out the door at the top of the stairs. He's haloed slightly by the light behind him and his eyes squint in confusion. "Katniss?" I lift my hand. "Hey." Oh my god really? Hey? What am I doing? "What are you doing?" Exactly. I lick my lips. "Uh. Well." His voice is part suspicious part annoyed when he interrupts me. "Katniss what are you doing here?" "I drove here." "Okay?" Wringing my hands I'm annoying myself. "I came to talk to you. I needed to tell you something." There. Progress. He leans against the door frame. "Katniss it's midnight." "It couldn't wait. I couldn't wait." He raises his eyebrow like get on with it. Rocking back on my heels I take a deep breath in and let it out putting both my hands against my stomach to steady myself. I can do this. It's been too long already. "I always wanted you." Taking a step forward he looks down at me over the railing. "What are you talking about?" "That day. That day when I told you that you were what I used to want. I was lying. Or I was wrong. I've always wanted you. Every day for the years we were together. Every day for the year we weren't." His throat bobs and as he takes one step down I take a step closer. "What does that mean Katniss? I mean the last year…" Delirious tears pool in my eyes as my voice and everything just starts to spill out. "I know! I mean I thought I wanted to be gone. I thought I wanted to be alone and I definitely didn't think I needed anyone else. I realized that's never what you meant or wanted either. I don't need you to survive. I want you there even though I can be fine on my own." He steps down another two stairs. "If this is because of last night…" I sniff and shake my head. "It's not! I knew months ago! I knew on the nights I couldn't sleep because I thought I could still feel you behind me. I knew it when I cried every night for two weeks when my pillow case didn't smell like you anymore. I knew it the minute you walked away and I've spent the last year a minute at a time trying to put myself back together when I'm the one that shattered everything in the first place." He's only two steps up from me now and I'm at the foot of the stairs. His blue eyes shine but he looks scared to believe me. "Peeta three years ago when my father died you laid with me. I begged you to stay. Do you remember what you said to me?" "Always." He doesn't even hesitate. "I want always. I'm sorry I had to break us first. I'm so sorry I hurt you. But I want always so much because it gives me you. I want what I didn't think could be real. I want more days and more sandcastles and I want you double knotting my stupid shoelaces for me, and for my pillows to smell like you, and I just really want to love you every day from here on out." Tears shine down his cheeks as he takes the last step to reach me. His voice shakes when he whispers. "You want me?" "I want you." He laughs softly and reaches his hand out to brush my cheeks and I cry harder but smile through every tear. "You still love me?" Turning I kiss his palm and press it to my skin. "Every day." His smile grows and my stomach starts to flutter and burn with only the hope this one boy and man has ever brought to life inside me. Stepping as close as he can he wraps his arms around me and laughs and cries into my hair. Our tears blend upon our lips as we kiss. Our teeth bump when our smiles refuse to fall and he picks me up and carries me upstairs kissing my cheeks and my jaw and my temple. Once inside he sags against the door with me in his arms. I missed him. I tell him how much. I tell him I'm sorry and that I love him. I love him. I ask him if I can stay. He asks me, "Here? Tonight? Of course." I shake my head no and simply draw a small heart over his chest. "Here." His blues eyes turn serious and he kisses me so fiercely my back climbs the door and my arms lock around his neck. "Oh Katniss. I never let you go. Like I told you last year…" He leans until his whisper brushes my lips, "I can't." *Author's Note Thank you to Raychel for cheering me on and reading, Lou for being an awesome last minute beta, and Mel for my beautiful banner. Amy, C, and Court thanks for listening to me whine when we'd catch up. I love all of you.