direction. It was time to acknowledge it, say it out loud so the wound could be torn open and let the healing process begin. Katniss smiled at his comment, and a blush stole over her cheeks. Gale laid the letter on a table close to him and stepped forward with his arms open. "Can a friend get a goodbye hug?" He glanced at Peeta, who seemed to be unaffected by the gesture. Katniss made her own decision as she stepped up to meet him, embracing him tightly, as if it were really the last time. Gale looked over Katniss' head at Peeta, expecting to see jealousy in his eyes. But, instead his were met with compassion, the compassion of a man who almost lost what Gale himself had lost. At that moment something passed between the two of them. An understanding where Katniss belonged, and Gale knew Peeta would take care of her. Gale nodded his head once in Peeta's direction, a silent offering of concession. Peeta nodded back, a silent offering of acceptance. When Katniss released him, Gale looked down into her grey eyes and saw they were watery. A lone tear escaped and traveled a lonely path down her cheek. He rubbed her arms up and down in a comforting gesture and gave her a knowing grin. This was goodbye. He could feel it. Peeta came up to put his arm around Katniss' shoulders, knowing this was hard for her. Katniss stepped back into him, allowing Peeta to hold her with one arm, while he clasped Gale's hand in a parting gesture. "Safe travels, Gale," Peeta said. "Maybe we'll see you again." Even though Peeta's words seemed genuine, Gale couldn't help the feeling that seeing him again was the last thing Peeta Mellark wanted to do. "Maybe," was Gale's half-hearted reply. He couldn't put much stock in seeing them again anytime soon. He would need to put a good bit of time between this memory and the next one. Gale turned to open the door, and upon stepping out onto the porch, he turned his head for one last look. "Bye, Catnip." "Goodbye, Gale," Katniss replied, as she slowly clicked the door into place. He had walked halfway to his borrowed home when he remembered he left the letter laying on the table in the front hall. He turned abruptly, wanting to retrieve most likely the last words Katniss would ever say to him. As he approached the porch he could hear them talking through the kitchen window they obviously never closed. "Are you okay?" Gale heard Peeta ask. "I will be," was her reply. "I love you, Katniss. Will you let me love you?" Peeta's response to her distress was something that Gale had to consider. And it suddenly dawned on him why Katniss had chosen Peeta, when Gale remembered his thoughts from earlier - be ready to love me. Peeta had never waited for Katniss to love him. He simply loved her first. It was evident in Peeta's actions and words, in every detail of his life. Gale thought he'd had a chance, but now he realized he'd lost the battle years ago, when a five year old boy decided to love a five year old girl, no matter if she ever returned those feelings or not. "Yes, Peeta. I'll allow it," were the last words he heard, followed by a gasp and the heavy thump of one set of footsteps retreating upstairs. Gale moved to the window to see if anyone remained on the first floor. He saw the retreating form of Peeta, with Katniss tucked safe in his arms, making his way up to what Gale assumed was their bedroom.. He quietly turned the knob they had forgotten to lock and reached in to grab the letter off the table. Once he slipped the door back in its place, he said a silent goodbye to his childhood best friend, and the love of his life, even though he was obviously not the love of hers. XXXXXXXXXXXX The next morning couldn't come fast enough. Gale was packed by midnight and fell asleep on the couch downstairs, waiting for the first rays of daylight to let him know it was time to make his way to the train station. As he stood on the platform, he turned to face the direction of the town. The early morning sky was a mix of brilliant hues ranging from oranges to purples, and the color falling from the trees was breathtaking. It was a new day. The pain of yesterday was still present, but the fact he was about to leave it all behind seemed to lessen it a tiny bit. It gave him a closure of sorts. Gale wondered if every day would get just a little easier. He thought if it did he might be able to get through, even find happiness himself one day. He'd never had his heart broken before and hadn't known what to expect. It hurt like hell so far. He had to admit he wanted what Katniss and Peeta had, and the only way to get it was to move on. His first step was doing exactly what this day called for...getting on a train back to the life he had made for himself, with the people he knew loved him no matter what. Gale found his seat, fixing his face foward as the train slowly pulled out of District Twelve. There could be no more looking back. The future was directly in front of him. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Please, please, oh pretty please review! I leave at least one review for every story I read. It builds the writing community here and it's just good manners to thank someone for letting you use their stuff. :) Also, I had a reviewer inform me that she would like to know what's in the letter Katniss gave to Gale, so I might be posting a second chapter in the future as to what she said.