what I'm talking about." He leaned forward. "You are aware of your parentage?" "I was an accident." She stared at her hands. "Naturally. How many adulterers say to each other: "my love, you know what we should do? Have babies. Neither of us have any intention of divorce, this whole affair is merely an expression of pleasure with no marital future, we have children already and more would just complicate everything and strain our own marriages, but let's have a baby anyway. A baby with no name and no future. A baby neither of us wants to take care of so we'll just fob it off on someone else and go on with our own lives and try not to remember that disastrous love affair." Fulvia kept staring at her hands. "Abort it." She looked up. "That's what he said. What Mr. Janos Severt said to his darling Mrs. Alerie Ploedyn. Abort it. Kill it. Get rid of it, it was never supposed to exist. It's so inconvenient. Bastards are meant to be born before, not during marriage and anyway we're not in open marriages, it'll cause a scandal. Abort it. Everybody else does. Note the careful choice of pronoun. Rather tasteless, wouldn't you say?" Fulvia didn't say anything. "I might be wrong," his voice was ironic, hinting that he highly doubted that he was. "I'm sure your father loves you very much and tells you as much when he visits you." "He doesn't visit." You know he doesn't, she added in her head. "Ah. Well." Snow had finished his tea by then and set it down on the saucer. "Thank you for your information. I'll expect you to give evidence publicly at his hearing. I hardly intend to make this a private matter. Your father must be made example of, you understand? Panem must know what it means to betray a leader." "It will." Her teeth were gritted. "It will." She eased herself out of her chair and made for the door. "Thank you for your time, sir." Bud The wood of the stand was smooth but the underside was riddled with tiny curved dents. Fulvia's nails were clearly not the first to clench at it. "I saw him burn the flag," she swore. "Panem's flag. He and- and all the others, they planned to kill the President. Planned to infiltrate his bodyguard with an Avox and shoot him. The Avox killed herself rather than do it. She knew what would happen if she did it, but they didn't care about her. She couldn't disobey her master, she shouldn't, so she killed herself instead. And he said-" "Will the witness please state who "he" is?" "The accused. Janos Severt. He said: "If we can topple him, then we can rule ourselves." There were gasps of horror and frantic whispers from the public gallery. "Little queen." Her father's voice was a crushed moan. "Please. Don't." Fulvia had not looked at him the whole time she gave her testimony of his treason. Now she turned; and mouthed a single word at him. "I've done everything you asked me to do. I said it all." Learning lines turned out to be a very handy skill. Now can I have my life, please? So that I can go home and plan your overthrow in full? "Well done, my dear. I could not have expected better. For you." The President handed her a single white rose and an envelope. From the look he gave her, she knew not to open it until after she had gone home. Behind her, her father was being led away to his execution. She had declined an invitation, as he had declined hers so many times. She set the rose in a vase, intending to leave it there until it died. Taking the letter opener, she cut across the top of the envelope and prudently chose to set the sharp object down onto the table before opening and reading the contents. She glimpsed the writing on the card but didn't read it immediately as she sensed the thick slippery feel of something underneath. She slid out photographs from under the card. Family photographs. Her mother, her father, half-siblings on both sides, grandparents too, step-parents, aunts, uncles, cousins. She knew them from the little telltale traces of herself in them. Her nose, her eyes, her hair, her ears, her hands, spread across the pictures. A little piece of herself in each one. And in each one, someone had inked a question mark. Where are you? The smile the pictures had brought had died quickly, so she set them down hastily on the table and read the card. Next time, talk a little faster. Horror gave wings to the floor, which flew up to strike her down. Little queen. Each of her footsteps said that as she walked. Taunting her. Warning her. Little queen. Little queen. Little queen. Somewhere across the room, a place she gave no thought to, Cinna was demonstrating something to his eager acolytes of fashion, who were as studious as he in their studies as they all learned their trade, but who lacked his innate talent his inner gift. He held up scraps of colourful cloth and was pointing out something about the fabric when he caught sight of her. "Fulvia." He seemed taken aback. Fulvia expected him to rant and rage at her, call her a traitor, look at her with disgust, or worse, suspicion. But he knew better than that. He knew she wouldn't ever betray a cause that stood a chance. She didn't try to smile. Her cheeks were stiff from dried tears. She pointed to each one, careful not to let her nails dig into her face. Then she held up a picture of silver flowers lying on a pink satin skirt, frayed and faded with age. He nodded. Bloom. Mary, Mary, quite contrary, how does your garden grow? With silver bells and cockle and shells and pretty maids all in a row.