tied it around his waist. She crossed her arms over her chest and looked up. "I said I need a cake," she repeated. She uncrossed her arms and shoved her hands in her pockets. Peeta let out a breath and grabbed the order pad and a pen from beneath the counter. "Great," he said. "I can help you with that." "Did you do those cakes in the pictures?" she asked, nodding to the walls. "How old do you think I am?" he said with a smirk. "I'm pretty sure those were made during the Bush administration. The first one, I mean." She crossed her arms again. "What I meant was if I order a cake from you, it's not going to look like those, right? I'm asking if you make good cakes." He let out a single laugh. "Yeah, I make good cakes. I can make anything you want." She raised a skeptical eyebrow. He leaned across the counter and raised an eyebrow to match hers. "Try me." "Fine. I want the most beautiful cake you can think of. Three tiers, white cake, lemon filling, flowers and shit all over it. I don't know how to describe it—it just has to be gorgeous. Can you do it?" He thought about making a joke about not usually being in the habit of putting shit all over a cake, but he decided she might not think it was funny, and then she might leave, and then she'd probably never come back. He didn't want her to leave. So he nodded. "Yeah, I think I have some ideas. What kind of frosting were you thinking? Buttercream? Fondant?" A hand unfolded itself to scratch at her neck. "I don't know. I don't really eat cake very much." He paused from his notations and glanced up. "This is for a special occasion, then?" "I don't buy three-tier cakes on a whim," she said. "I meant to ask what the occasion is," he said with a smile. Her hands went back to her pockets. He'd never seen her so nervous before. "It's for my sister. She's turning sixteen next month." Peeta felt his face light up. "That's wonderful. Do you know what kind of frosting she likes?" Katniss fiddled with the zipper on the jacket. "I have no idea. We haven't had a lot of room for luxuries in our lives over the years. I want this year to be really special, but I don't know what I'm doing." Peeta tapped the pen against his chin. "I'd be happy to make up a few samples so she could come in and try them beforehand." "Actually," she said, glancing out the front window, "it's a surprise. I'm throwing her a surprise party. She's always wanted one. So I think a tasting might ruin the fun a little." She offered him a nervous wisp of a smile, and Peeta wondered if he'd even be able to withstand the full-watt version if he was ever lucky enough to witness it. Blankness was gathering his brain into its embrace. "That makes sense," he said stupidly. "So I don't really care as long as it tastes good," she said. "I trust you to choose something good. You need anything else?" She tapped a finger on the countertop. He'd been staring at her mouth, but this snapped him back to reality. "When's the party?" Katniss blushed. "Right, that would be helpful. August 14th." "Any writing you want on the cake? 'Happy Birthday, Prim' or something?" Her eyes searched his for a moment. "No. It's gotta be sophisticated. Grown-up. She always loved the wedding cakes you guys used to put up in the window. That's why it needs to be three-tier. It's gotta be anti-generic. It has to be beautiful ." Her eyes and her voice had grown fierce. She smoothed her fingers over the counter. "I want it to be everything she ever wanted but couldn't have when we were younger. I want her eyes to light up when she sees it, and I want her to remember the way it tastes for the rest of her life." Peeta nodded and jotted down some keywords. He loved the idea of it, loved what it stood for, loved her passion, and his mind was already spinning fast with possibilities. "So?" she asked when he finished. "So?" he repeated. "Do you think you can do it?" He tucked the pen behind his ear. "I hope so. It's a lot to live up to, but I love a challenge. The only thing is that I don't know your sister very well, and since I can't ask her about her preferences, I'd like to run a couple of options by you before we settle on something final. Do you think you could come by a week from today? Same time?" Katniss checked the clock on the wall, as if she had no idea what time it was. "Yeah, should be fine. Can you give me an estimate, though? How much it'll be?" "That'll depend on some of the things we'll decide next week. I can give you a range of differently priced options, if you like." She took a step back from the counter. "That won't be necessary. I'll pay whatever it costs. The cake needs to be perfect." "Then we'll make it perfect," he said with a smile. She gave him that nervous half-smile again, and he thought he'd be willing to spill orange soda on his crotch in front of her every day for the rest of his life if it kept her smiling at him like that. "Is there anything else I can do for you today?" he asked. "No," she said, retreating. "Thank you." "You sure?" he asked. "A cookie for the road? Iced tea? It's hot out there." "No, I'm fine," she said. "Thank you." Her hand was on the door. "I'll see you next week, then," he called after her. She didn't answer. He wondered if she'd really come back.