that I haven't gotten used to the idea yet, and I'm sure it must be hard for Prim too," I asserted. Peeta nodded sympathetically as he ran his thumb gently across my cheek. "Well, I guess I can understand that. And as long as it distracts you from what happened with the baby, I'm okay with you concentrating on that instead," he confided softly. I closed my eyes and exhaled tiredly. "Can we not talk about all this anymore? I just want to lay here in your arms," I requested as I blinked my eyes open and then shifted them to his pleadingly. "Of course, lovely wife of mine," he smiled as he pressed me closer against his chest and then kissed my forehead. "Although I will admit that I'm kind of jealous that your mom and my dad did it in the bakery; I always thought that was our thing," he chuckled. "Peeta!" I squealed, ashamed. But he only laughed even harder, his muscular chest reverberating against my breasts. I bit my lip as my fingertips brushed his bare pectorals, and I suddenly had the strange urge to lick his nipples, sinking a little bit lower on the bed to do just that. I'd had so much pent up anger and frustration today, but now all I could think of was Peeta and how much I needed him right now, energy soaring through my veins like flames. He moaned when he felt my tongue flick on his sensitive skin, his nipples hardening just like mine, and I could also feel him rising against my thigh. Before I could register what was happening, he had tossed my nightgown aside and I had pulled down his undershorts, his hands instantly covering my mounds while his lips ravaged my mouth. I reached one of my hands down to stroke him, causing him to buck his hips and land even closer towards my center as I swallowed his gasp. "Katniss," he whimpered as his wantonly hands began kneading my breasts and pinching my nipples gently before descending down towards the rest of my body, running up and down my legs before settling them where I most needed them. I arched my hips up to meet his probing fingers as he slipped them expertly between my folds, his thumb rubbing frantic circles on my clit as pulled his fingers in and out tauntingly. I knew then that he must be as excited as me if he was already making me come. His fingers then bent forwards to find my bundle of nerves, and soon I came all over his fingers as he pulled them out and slipped them in his mouth, sucking on them before grinning impishly at me and strategically placing his head between my legs so that his tongue replaced the work of his fingers. He held my legs open by pushing my knees sideways towards the mattress while I curled my fingers in his hair. He shoved his tongue inside me then, his lips locking with my bottom lips just like he had done with my mouth earlier. I cried out his name as he his tongue continued to swirl and thrust, flick and brush. But instead of allowing me to find my release this time, he raised his head back up again and reached for his length as he brought it towards me, tentatively pushing it inside me shallowly before pulling out again until I could no longer take his teasing and wrapped my legs around him so that he would go in deeper. He balanced his hands on my hips as finally dived in, my eyes rolling back in ecstasy as he found our rhythm and thrust his hips accordingly. Tiny beads of sweat had already started rolling down the edge of his face. The pit in my belly burned hotter and hotter as he continued to move his hips, and he leaned down to kiss me so that I could taste myself in his tongue. I pressed my hands tightly against the back of his shoulder blades as we were starting to reach our climax, the dark orbs of his eyes almost mixing in with the darkness of our bedroom. I suckled on the tender part of his neck as he came, capturing the sound that elicited from his throat and engraving it in my memory; it was one of my favorite things about him. His reaction affected me such that I followed soon afterwards, and he landed exhausted on top of me as he I held him tighter so that he wouldn't roll off onto his back. I liked to keep him inside me until he grew hard again, always amazed by how our bodies fit so perfectly together, like two puzzle pieces that were incomplete and senseless without the other. He began breathing sweet nothings into my ear, and as he did this, I flipped him on his back so that I was on top. He grinned and I could feel him growing hard again as I leaned forward and pushed his head up so that his head was on my chest. His mouth and hands instantly found my breasts, gifting me with his insurmountable magic as I rode him, my hands clutching him as I threw my head back freely. We spent most of the night making love until it was almost time to wake up. He insisted on going to work, but I ended up convincing him to stay with me. "Is this real?" he had mused. "Is what real? You staying with me?" I had asked. "It better be." He laughed softly, "Of course it is." He then leaned me close to me and said, "Some things are always real. " That morning, my mother announced that when she married Bran Mellark, she would move into his house along with Prim so that Peeta and I could have our house to ourselves. Apparently even Haymitch had heard us from his house last night.