the radio as Luke Bryan sang. Gonna sound like a winner when I lay you down and love you right, Yeah that's my kind of night! Peeta came at that moment, his eyes rolling to the back of his head as Katniss swallowed it all. She sat up and wiped her mouth as she gave him a mischievous grin, looking a little too satisfied with herself as she helped him tuck himself back into his pants. The light finally turned green after what seemed like 84 years, and Peeta stepped on the gas pedal like he couldn't get home fast enough. It was Valentine's Day. And while this day meant that they would get to eat Valentine's Day cookies and cheese buns, it was no longer the same as when they were younger. No, Valentine's Day might as well be Sex Day or Vagina Day, as Katniss liked to call it. He did go down on her a lot; she wasn't the only one who loved to give oral. "That was fucking incredible, Katniss," Peeta said, as he casually pretended to put his arm around her as an excuse to touch her tits. "Stop it, Peeta, we're almost home!" she giggled as she pushed his hand away. "Oh, look who's talking," he scoffed. "Well at least I did it behind the scenes." "More like below the scenes," Peeta smirked as he reached down to stroke her clit over her clothes. They couldn't get enough of each other. "Ugh, Peetaaaaa stop…." She clenched her thighs so he couldn't rub her, but he already knew she was wet for him; her eyes were onyx instead of their usual gray, and her cheeks were flushed. When they arrived home, they ran out of the car, Peeta dropping his keys twice before he could unlock the front door. Katniss shoved him inside and slammed him against the door, locking it behind them as she attacked him with her lips. She was so desperate for him he almost laughed, but the sound died in his throat when she began to stroke the prominent bulge in his jeans. He instantly picked her up as she wrapped her legs around his waist, carrying her to the bedroom. They usually settled for the couch during times such as these, but their couch already had more prints on it than a beach in full summer. And since they were going to go at it all day, Peeta figured they might as well start where they were going to end up anyway. He tossed her down on the bed as he tried to balance himself over her, with Katniss still ravaging his lips and pulling and tangling her hands on his messy blonde curls. He thrust his hips towards hers, rubbing his aching erection against her clit so that they both gasped at the contact. They couldn't tear their clothes off fast enough. "I want you inside me now Peeta," Katniss groaned when he started sucking on one of her nipples while he massaged her other breast. "Fuck, Katniss, you're soaked," he groaned when he dipped his fingers into her center. He rubbed her clit with his thumb playfully, pressing his weight into the mattress with his other hand for balance. She bit her lip — something that always drove Peeta crazy— and she took him into in her hand commandingly as she stroked him thoroughly and vigorously. Peeta hissed at her touch before leaning in to kiss her again and help her guide him inside her. He dipped his hips as she lifted hers until he was fully sheathed inside her. "Ungh, Katniss, you feel so fucking, ahhh ," he muffled his moan into her neck as he felt her velvety walls clench him as he thrust into her. Katniss squeezed his ass as he fucked her, and he couldn't do it fast enough to meet her demands. "Faster, harder, ahhh, right there!" she cried out. She flipped them over so that she was on top instead, riding him hard and taking complete and total control. Katniss held on to Peeta's muscular shoulders as she tossed her head back when she slammed down deeper, and Peeta took this opportunity to sit up and take one of her breasts into his mouth, his hands holding on to her ass as the slap slap slap of their skin and the sounds of their moans filled the darkened room. "Katniss, I'm so close," Peeta groaned, reaching down to rub rapid circles over her needy clit. She came right before she did, screaming out his name as he thrust up into her one last time before he came. He came so hard he could see his semen dripping down her thigh. She stood up to clean herself up before coming back to join him quickly. They fell back down on the bed, exhausted, and didn't wake up until the second round. By then, the sun had gone down, and Peeta was stroking her long chocolate tresses of hair as he stared at the sunset outside the open window. "I want to freeze this moment right here, right now, and live in it forever," he whispered into her ear. "I'll allow it," she smiled. And she did, every single Valentine's Day. A/N- I would like to thank Jessa (misshoneywell) for running another amazing PiP challenge and giving Everlark authors inspiration to post something during the holiday season. There are some wonderful fics over at promptsinpanem on tumblr that I would really recommend reading. I would also like to thank my amazing and hardworking beta, court81981, for betaing this for me so that it is not as awful as the one I posted on the blog LOL. If you haven't read her PiP submission, "Sugar and Spice" yet , then you are missing out because it is all sorts of flawless and steamy. Last but not least, thank you so much to all of my readers for sticking with me, you guys are the best.