could ever forget. It was only one of the defining moments of my life, that's all. "Well," says Katniss. "I had to come and tell you now…I just thought, maybe it would help if you knew…you saved our lives that day." "Really?" I ask doubtfully. It had only been a couple loaves of bread. Burnt bread, at that. "Yes," she nods. "That bread…it gave me the strength to remember the things my father had taught me…how to gather plants for food, how to hunt. It gave me hope." I can feel my heart swelling at her words. I had never known I'd had such an impact on her life. At least I'll have this to cling to in the days to come. "I'm glad," I say. "Thank you for telling me that." "I should have thanked you sooner. I don't know why I didn't…." "No," I say. "You didn't need to thank me. I never expected that." "But I'll never be able to repay you now." "You just did," I say. "Just by coming here today." Katniss nods and looks down at her feet. "I wish I could do more," she says softly. Then, "I guess I better go…" "No, wait! Please." I can't let her go yet. Not yet. I need to tell her. She turns back to look at me. "I have something I wanted to tell you, too," I say. "Really?" I see confusion in her eyes. No wonder—when she came in here she didn't even think I knew her name. Wait until she hears what I have to say next. If I can work up the nerve, that is… "Yes," I say. "Katniss, I…" The words stick in my throat and I want to scream with frustration. Say it! I tell myself. It doesn't matter what she says or what she thinks—you'll be dead in a few days either way and at least it will be one less regret to die with…this is your last chance! The silence stretches out and now Katniss is looking at me strangely. Time is running out. Say it, dammit! "Katniss, I…I love you." I'm so relieved to have finally gotten the words out that for a moment I forget to watch for her reaction. When I do look all I see is shock. "What?" she practically whispers, her grey eyes wide. "I'm sorry," I say. "I know it's out of the blue. I never meant for it to be this way, but I just needed you to know…once…before I die." "Peeta…I don't…I don't know what to say," she stammers. "We don't even know each other." "I know," I say, disappointed despite all common sense. "You don't have to say anything. I know you better than you'd think, but I also know that's going to be hard for you to understand. But I just needed to get it out there." She nods, and I expect her to say goodbye and leave then, but she doesn't. Instead she just looks at me thoughtfully. We stand there in silence for a few moments, and then I can see on her face that she's come to some kind of decision. Now it's her turn to shock me. "Peeta, come here," she says quietly and takes a step forward. "What?" I stammer, unnerved by her proximity. "Come here," she says again but by this time her command is useless because she's standing inches in front of me now. My heart stops and then all of a sudden her lips are on mine. The kiss is chaste, sweet—our lips are the only things touching. I close my eyes, determined to treasure every moment. Her lips are soft, and she smells heavenly, just like I always knew she would. Suddenly she's already pulling away. It's too fast—it can't be over yet! Without thinking I reach up to cup her face and gently pull her back. To my surprise she doesn't resist. Our lips meet again, and this time I am ready. I press my lips more firmly to hers, and when our mouths open I could swear it was like she was melting into me. I wrap my arms around her and hold her as close to me as I can. Her arms come up around my neck; her hands are in my hair. I pour everything into this kiss—all the years of watching and yearning and wanting. I try to make her understand how much I love her—how much I wish things could be different, that we had more time. This one kiss has to make up for the lifetime of kisses I had wanted to share with her. Somewhere in the background I hear the door open and someone clears his throat. I just tighten my arms around Katniss again and ignore it. Not yet. Just a little longer. Please. "Come on, guys. Three minutes is up. Time to go." Now I expect Katniss to pull herself away, but she doesn't—she just goes on kissing me. I think I'm in heaven. But then they are tearing her away from me. We try to hold on to one another, but they are too strong. One of the Peacekeepers pries her fingers from my hands while the other grabs her around the waist and lifts her up and away. I know it's pointless to resist, but my heart is breaking. I follow as close as I can as they carry her across the room. Katniss is still struggling against them, her eyes locked on mine. "Peeta!" she cries. "Promise me!" "Anything," I tell her quickly. They're at the door now, and Katniss grabs onto the doorframe. One of the Peacekeepers starts working to pry her fingers loose again. "Dammit, Darius!" she yells. "Peeta, come home! Do you hear me?" Her fingers are loose now, and they're pulling her back. "Promise me you'll come home!" I hear her say one last time before the door slams shut between us. I cannot believe that just happened. AN: Please review!