angered by me taking a single rose from your garden. Please forgive me; I am very grateful for your hospitality." I considered his request for a moment. "Fine, I will spare your life if you promise to bring back one of your daughters and have her live with me forever." "But I could never be so cruel as to trade my life for one of my daughters,' and even if I were, how would I do that? I could never force them to take my place." "I will give you a month. If by the end of that month neither you nor one of your daughters comes back, I will come get you myself. But if one of your daughters decides to take your place out of love, she must come here willingly. Otherwise you will come back here alone, and I will decide your fate then. In the meantime, take any of the riches you may need to take for all of your other children; my Avoxes will show you a room where you may find these. Eat your breakfast and then you may leave." Thus the man accepted my proposal, more frightened than anything else, and did as he was told. It was obvious by his gestures that he did not really expect any of his daughters to be courageous enough to take his place. And although I had been harsh on him and I did not deserve it, I allowed myself to hope that one of them would stay with me. I was running out of time. Katniss "Papa!" I cried out as soon as I saw his somewhat distant figure in the distance, riding our horse, Mockingjay, at full gallop. I had been outside feeding Prim's goat, Lady, and I ran back inside the house to announce his arrival to my siblings. As we all gathered to welcome him home, he took the horse to its stable and then hugged us all tightly. When it was my turn to hold Papa, I heard the slight croak in his voice when he said that he missed me, and I knew then that something was off. "Papa, are you all right?" I asked, concerned as he held me at arm's length, his grey eyes meeting mine. "I am afraid that I come with grave news," our father said tiredly, and we all went silent. "Were you not able to bring us back our gifts?" Glimmer broke the silence first with her shrill, high-pitched voice. "Oh, I brought those and more—" He was caught off by the screeches of excitement coming from my siblings. "But they came with a condition," he finished. "Were you not able to claim the apothecary?" Finnick asked, concerned. "Yes, yes, it all went well with the apothecary. However, halfway through my journey I stumbled upon a grand castle, and it was there that I spent the night. The next morning I went out to the garden to gather a rose for Katniss, and it was there that I infuriated the owner of the castle, a young yet bitter Prince who threatened to kill me for having done so." We all gasped in horror, and I felt my stomach lurch and my chest cave in as I became overwhelmed with guilt. This was my fault, and indeed my siblings did not fail to glare at me and point it out. "Why couldn't you just have asked for a dress or jewelry," they said. "Your silly rose nearly cost Papa his life." "Please calm down," my father begged them. "I am not done with the story yet. The prince of the castle let me go with the condition that if one of my daughters takes my place within a month, I will go free. However, I could never ask any of you to take my place, and thus I am afraid that I must go back, for the prince asks that I give away one of my daughters to stay with him forever." My brothers bellowed in outrage that they would kill this prince for issuing such a threat, and my sisters nearly fainted in terror, save Johanna, who was looking straight at me, expecting me to say something when little Prim offered to take Papa's place. It was then that I knew that the answer was obvious. I could not let Prim go, for she was the youngest. And Papa could not break his promise to the prince, for he was an honorable man and he never broke any of his promises. "I volunteer." I finally called out, and the room, which had been full of chaos before, went silent once more. "I volunteer as prisoner to the prince," I repeated with more confidence. "No, Katniss, you can't…" my father protested, heartbroken, and my brothers added to the protest, exclaiming that under no condition would they let me go into that terrible castle. I swallowed the lump in my throat. "I must. It was my fault that Papa took the rose, and I must be the one to fix this mess." My siblings looked amongst themselves, knowing that I was too stubborn to be convinced otherwise, and my father's lips tightened. "Very well, then. We shall go back there together." I knew that this was his way of saying that he would try to get me to change my mind once we arrived, but I was not going to let my Papa die, and I was not going to allow one of sisters to take his place. This was my sacrifice to make. I was going to the castle to live there forever. And I would never see my family again. A/N- So this was supposed to be a one-shot, but it got away from me. There will be about two or three parts in total. Thank you so much to my beta, Court81981 for looking this over for me. I hope you guys enjoyed it, let me know what you think so far? Thanks!