most interested in. She now has her gaze trained on the point where his body meets mine, a hungry look gleaming in grey orbs. With a small smirk I lift myself up a bit, align his shaft and sink down onto him in one swift movement. The stretch is almost unbearable at first as he fills me up completely. They both seem to notice my discomfort because Haymitch tugs me down for a kiss as Katniss caresses my skin. After a minute or so the feeling morphs into one of immense pleasure. I pull myself into an upright position again, bracing my hands on his chest and begin to move. Each time our hips meet, I feel his pubic bone bump into my already swollen clit. He feels amazing, and I can't stifle the cry of his name that falls from my lips. Katniss doesn't do anything at first; she just sits back and watches me ride him, but when I let out another loud moan she moves into action. Without hesitation she mounts his face, putting her knees on either side of his face. By her movements I can tell they've done this before. Part of me is a bit jealous, but then I remember her doing this exact thing with me and silently thank him for teaching her this. From the angle I'm at I can see his tongue entre her, pushing in rhythm with his shaft as I ride him. We are all panting, sweaty and unable to stifle our cries of delight. As I approach my climax I lean in and play with Katniss' nipples, wanting all of us to fall over the edge of ecstasy together. She moans my name before capturing my lips once more, making us a perfectly unified shape. It's only seconds later that Katniss explodes, and I swallow back her cries of pleasure. The pulsing of her centre against Haymitch's tongue must be too much for him because he climaxes next, filling me up with his seed. The feeling of his cum, coupled with Katniss' hot mouth causes my own orgasm to rocket through me. After we ride out our pleasure we simultaneously slump onto the bed, laying side by side, all breathing heavy. "That was amazing." Katniss' voice sounds dreamy and I can't help but find it endearing. "Indeed sweetheart. We have Jo to thank though, it was her idea." I turn my head and give him a knowing wink. "Well what else was I supposed to do? You walked in on us… You never were one for knocking were you?" I give him a cheeky smile, letting him know that I'm teasing him. "Smartass." The word is a whisper under his breath but I hear anyways and turn to slug him. He feigns hurt but laughs. "Can we just hide here and never leave?" Katniss' voice interrupts our banter, and the wistful tone sends a jolt through my heart. "I doubt that would work sweetheart, but it's a nice thought. Speaking of, I'd better get back, Effie and Peeta will be waiting for me. You should get yourself pulled together too…" He trails off when she gives him an incredulous look. "Alright, fine. I'll deal with the diva and bread boy seeing as it's your last day before the arena, and I'm sure you have other things you'd rather do…" He looks pointedly at me, his eyes lingering on my still exposed body. "…but you have to be back tonight before midnight. Got it?" She just nods, then leans over to kiss him. "Thanks Haymitch… For that… and for this…" She gestures to the three of us. "Like I'd ever tell you no sweetheart, apparently I have a thing for fire…" Laughing she kisses him again. When they pull away he moves over to me. For a second I feel awkward because of the encounter we've all just shared, but when he leans in and chastely kisses my lips it melts away. Before he pulls away his breath falls on my ear. "Final meeting tonight at midnight…. Oh and Jo, take care of her okay?" He pulls away, smiling, and it's only then that I understand the meaning of his words. Despite him being the one to sleep with her first, despite their connection and our little threesome, he's telling me to go for it. Somehow it doesn't surprise me that he sees what even I didn't at first. Haymitch is perceptive like that. While he redresses I watch him carefully, looking for signs that he regrets our time together, or that he's hurting at all. I see none of it. Instead, he looks happy, looks handsome and strikingly fierce all at the same time. Before he exits I rush to him one last time and kiss his lips. "Thanks for everything." I can see the double meaning in my words register with him, but it doesn't stop him for sauntering off, chuckling. "No, thank you… sweetheart." Shaking my head I slam the door and turn back to the bed, grinning. Katniss is watching me intently. I shrug at her and move to sit beside her again. "That really was fun… but as much as I enjoyed Haymitch's company, which trust me, I did; maybe you'd be up for round 3, just the two of us?" I grin at her. "Can't get enough of me?" She shakes her head, a cheeky smile on her lips. "I could live 100 lifetimes and never get enough of you Jo." Her words melt my heart, and I can feel my walls crumbling around me, because even if I'm playing with fire at least the burn will be worth it. There will be two more part to this series, but each is posted individually since they are different pairings. So if you are interested in following this story, make sure to follow me, and not this installment or you may miss the others. Up next, by voter request, will be Finnick & Katniss.