to come." This only encourages her, and she attacks with renewed vigour. For a moment her lips withdraw from my clit. I let out a whine of protest but her husky voice fills the air. "Come for me Katniss." The seductive purr of her voice paired with a particularly hard thrust sends me over the edge. "JOHANNA!" My back arches high in the air as I ride out my orgasm, which is easily the most intense one I've ever had. When I can't take it anymore I fall limply to the mattress breathing hard. She laps at my folds, drinking in every drop of my come before she moves back up my body. When I open my eyes she slips her fingers out of me and brings them to my lips. I open my mouth and slowly lick her digits clean. She moans at the sight of me licking my own come off of her fingers and I smirk at her. "My turn." Using all of my strength I roll us over so that I'm on top. I straddle her hips and slowly start to grind down into her. Her hands grip tightly to my thighs as she tosses her head back against the pillows. While she's distracted I lean down taking one of her nipples into my mouth, suckling her like a starving child. She bucks her hips up and her hands find my hair, tugging roughly at my thick locks. With skilled fingers she pulls the pins and clips out, combing through the strands with her fingers. I let go of her nipple with a loud "pop", smirk at her, then attach my mouth to the opposite one. "Katniss… fuck… I want you." All of our teasing has finally worn her down, and I'm not in the mood for teasing either. I want her so badly. I move up to her lips and kiss her hungrily, my hands slowly tracing her curves. When we're both breathless I move myself down her body, positioning my head between her spread legs. Her centre is almost dripping, her legs slightly quivering with desire. "Is all of this for me?" I ask in a seductive tone. "Yes. All for you, you turn me on so much, now please fuck me, I can't wait anymore." I inhale deeply and her musky scent overwhelms me. Tentatively I lean in, running the flat of my tongue along her glistening folds. She tastes like nothing I've ever imagined. I love the taste of Haymitch's come but Johanna tastes even better. Without hesitation I dive in, lapping greedily at her hairless folds. When my tongue runs along her clit she bucks up into my mouth. I take the opportunity to wrap my arms around her thighs, pulling her closer to me. Strings of curses mixed with various sounds of pleasure escape her lips and it's better than the sweetest song. Hearing Johanna in the throes of passion causing another wave of desire to settle deep inside of me, that paired with the knowledge that I'm causing those noises is almost too much. Pushing my own pleasure aside I focus on Johanna again. I flick her clit over and over but then decide to try something new. I drag the tip of my tongue down her wetness until I reach her entrance. Just as I'm about to push my tongue into her she must realize what's about to happen. Her back arches and my name is on her lips as I plunge my tongue into her. She's so tight and warm, her muscles pulse around me and it spurs me on. I start to thrust my tongue in and out, working her closer to ecstasy as my fingers find her clit. Rubbing her bundle of nerves in circles I push my tongue in as hard and deep as I can, she loses it. Her body contracts, her face contorts in pleasure as she screams out my name. My tongue holds strong inside of her as her muscles constrict and release over and over again. I don't relent my motions on her clit until I hear her gasping for breath. Slowly I remove my tongue and lick up any excess wetness, not ready to stop tasting this goddess. When she's completely dry I kiss my way back up her body, until I find her lips. I shove my tongue into her mouth, letting her taste herself. I can still slightly taste myself on her tongue and the combination is intoxicating. Our kisses are full of so much passion that I feel myself starting to get worked back up so I pull away. Her body is covered in sweat and every possible inch of her is pressed into me. I look up into her eyes and smile. "So how was I for my first time?" Johanna chuckles. "Not too bad brainless, but I'm sure that practice will make perfect." "Are you suggesting what I think?" I wiggle my eyebrows at her and a wicked grin spreads across her face. "Hmmm if you're thinking about me keeping you locked up in this room while I make you come repeatedly, then yes I am…" I return her wicked smile. "That's part of what I was thinking… the other part involves me making you come repeatedly." "I think I can live with that." With that her lips find my neck, her hands my breasts. I'm breathless and panting before I know it, but before I scream her name again, there is something I want to say. My lips find her ear. "Oh, and Johanna, you DID make me come harder than Haymitch ever has…" She looks up at me with a smug expression an expression that sparks desire so deep in my body that it shakes my very soul. "And we're just beginning…" One last thing... I will be doing a third installment (and possibly more) installments of this series. Please vote for the next pairing on my page ! Thanks for reading.