voice sounds desperate so I decide to try again, this time aiming for more sex appeal. "I want to feel you, I need you inside of me." This time my voice is raspy and much more confident. I feel a shiver run down his spine but he pulls his hand away. "Are you positive sweetheart?" His voice is so soft, it nearly chokes me up. So I just nod. "It's going to hurt, but I will be as gentle as I can. If you need me to stop, just say so. Okay?" I nod again before letting go of his shaft. He maneuvers his body so that both of his legs are in between my spread ones, our hips only inches apart. Slowly he guides himself to my entrance and I tense up. "Relax sweetheart…" His words give me the courage to let go. This time without hesitating I reach down and find his length, guiding it so the tip is inside of me. At first I feel nothing but bliss, however when he starts to push into me I feel searing pain, like I'm being stretched and ripped from the inside. "Haymitch…" He understands immediately and stops, letting me adjust while his distracts me with his lips. After a minute or so the pain eases breaking way to pleasure and I urge him to continue. Easing his way in until he fills me completely; I sigh at the feeling. Carefully he begins to pump his hips, withdrawing himself before pushing back in. I start to feel the fire from earlier, the desperate need for him and I urge him to go faster. "Please, faster." I cry out in pleasure and his moans match my own. We build a rhythm, slow and steady at first, but eventually he listens to my pleas and moves faster. "Kattnisss…" He breathes my name into my ear and it's the sweetest sound I've ever heard. I answer by wrapping my legs around his hips, pulling him even deeper. Our moans get louder and louder and I'm sure everyone on the train can hear us, but for the moment I don't care. I feel my climax coming and it only takes a few more thrusts before I'm tumbling over the edge crying his name. Seconds later he follows shooting hot seed deep into my centre. We ride out our climaxes together and it's pure bliss. I feel Haymitch slump against me but he doesn't pull out, which I'm grateful for, I'd be content to just be here with him forever. We stay curled up together for as long as we can until a knock at the door reminds us we will be arriving home in half an hour. I sigh and hug Haymitch tighter. He chuckles before leaning down to kiss me. When he pulls away I smile before speaking. "Thank you Haymitch that was perfect." "Katniss you're fiery, feisty, rude, arrogant and difficult, but to me that's why it was perfect, because you're perfect." His sudden revelation and romantic words take me by surprise but somehow I realize that this is the real Haymitch, not the sullen drunk he parades around as for the cameras. Fifteen minutes later I move to stand at the window by the dining table, watching the world outside flash by, thinking about my perfect afternoon with Haymitch. But as I stand there I can't stop the terrifying thoughts that creep into my head. I'm startled when I feel a hand on my shoulder, when I turn around to see Peeta my heart drops, he smiles but I do not return the gesture, instead I turn back to the windows. "What's wrong Katniss?" I sigh. "It's the Capitol. They didn't like our stunt with the berries," I blurt out. "What? What are you talking about?" he says. "It seemed too rebellious. So, Haymitch has been coaching me through the last few days. So I didn't make it worse," I say, trying to hide the smile in my voice at the thought of Haymitch. "Coaching you? But not me," says Peeta sounding irritated. "He knew you were smart enough to get it right," I say. "I didn't know there was anything to get right," says Peeta. "So, what you're saying is, these last few days and then I guess . . . back in the arena . . . that was just some strategy you two worked out?" "No. I mean, I couldn't even talk to him in the arena, could I?" I stammer, trying not to upset Peeta anymore than he already is. "But you knew what he wanted you to do, didn't you?" says Peeta. I bite my lip. "Katniss?" My eyes fall to the floor, feeling ashamed. "It was all for the Games," Peeta says. "Peeta it isn't like that… it's just…" he cuts me off. "So what then Katniss, tell me, because I don't know what to say to you right now," he says, his voice both sad and angry. "I don't know Peeta, I just need time, things are complicated." "Well, let me know when you work it out." When he walks away I feel my heart break a little because I never wanted to hurt him. But I know that after last night with Haymitch I never want to be with anyone else, he is everything I need, surely, sarcastic, broken Haymitch. He is what sparks the fire inside of me, the reason that I am Katniss, the girl who was on fire. I sigh as I see the run down station of District 12 approaching in the distance because I know this isn't going to be easy. Peeta hates me, the Capital people want me to be in love with him, the Game makers want me dead, and I just want to be with Haymitch. I shake myself from all the negative thoughts because I can't make myself care. All I can do is think of what my life could be like with Haymitch.