and we got to know each other well. I felt a silent tear roll down my cheek as I thought about what I did to Leo...Tiberius wasn't here anymore. It was only the three of us left. In six months they'd come back to see me for the victor tour. I felt a hand on my shoulder and flinched out of a reflex. I looked up and it was Brutus. I hadn't noticed, but Enobaria had left the car at the moment. Leaving us along. I couldn't imagine what Brutus would want to talk about with me. He was a killer and me...I'm not a killer. "It gets better. I've met others like you who come out of the games like this. The games changed me I know that for sure. I had all my sanity before the games, but that wouldn't stop me if I had to go back in. I know who I am and I only did what I had to do to survive. We all do that when we go into these games. It's all about survival in the games." He explained. His expression had changed from earlier; it was softer and caring. He opened his arms and I got up and hugged him. His tight embrace made me feel comforted. He whispered something to be before letting go, "I promise it will get better." I pulled away and looked at him. "Thank you Brutus. It means a lot to me. I needed to hear that right now." I smiled sincerely at him as Enobaria came back in and he went back over to talk with her. I sat back down and looked outside. The sun was setting now and all these beautiful colors mixed together just over the horizon line of the trees from 7. It really was beautiful here and I wouldn't mind moving here if I could. I got up without saying a word I went to my room. I place my staff next to my bed. I took off my pants and my brace. I took off my shirt too before crawling in underneath the nice Capitol covers for the last time before I'd be home. I nestled into the bed and got comfy. I actually missed this from the time I spent in caves and snow and ice in the arena. The train pulled up into district 2 quicker than I liked. As much as I wanted to see my mom and Clove I couldn't help but feel like I needed more time to be on my own. I stepped off onto the platform and everyone was happy to see me. All of the people in district 2 were there to congratulate me and welcome me home a hero. It made me sick and it definitely didn't make me happy. I looked around at all the familiar faces. Ones that I had known since I was a baby. Ones that always came to my father's shop and always made sure to say hello to me when they came in. My mom walked up to me and hugged me tightly. She was crying and for once they were tears of joy streaming down her face. My eyes filled with tears as well I couldn't hold them back anymore. I missed my mom so much. "I missed you so much and I am so proud of you." She whispered in my ear. "I missed you so much too mom...you have no idea..." I whispered back. I pulled away from her and she saw the look I had. "She's all the way in the back. I saw her when I came here. I'm not sure if her parents are here you know how they are. Go for it. I'm routing for you sweetie. I always have." My mom told me. She pushed me slightly towards the edge of the platform. I smiled at her and got off the platform. I weaved my way through the crowd until I saw the familiar freckled face, those hard eyes turning soft as soon as she saw me. I ran up to her and even though she was expecting a hug I kissed her hard on the lips. At first she didn't react, but eventually she kissed back. Her lips moving against mine in perfect sync. A spark was there as soon as our lips touched. I felt her arms wrap around my neck and I wrapped my arms around her waist. I picked her up and spun her around. We pulled away from each other and a smile spread on her face. "I knew it was me." She spoke softly. Biting her lip and a blush spread on her face. She looked so cute like that. I cupped her cheek and she nuzzled slightly into it. "Of course it was you. It's always been you." I smiled and kissed her again. This one held more passion in it than its previous one. "I told myself on the train when I was almost to the Capitol that as soon as I saw you I'd kiss you and I wouldn't care where we were. I'm glad I kept that little promise to myself." She smiled up at me and kissed me lightly. "You are such a dummy." she whispered against my lips. I pulled her close cupping her cheek again. I kissed her softly over and over again. I felt like I couldn't get my fill with her. It wasn't enough and it sent my heart soaring every time our lips connected. I couldn't wait to move to victor's village in the district with my mom and hopefully Clove. Life could start becoming somewhat normal and I could put the games behind me. At least until next year when I have to mentor the poor souls that have to go in and do it every year until I die. Hopefully Brutus was right and those words he told me echoed in my head. "I promise it will get better."