and quietly closing the door behind him. The lift of the mine creaks down. My father and Mr. Hawthorne work tirelessly for hours in the mines, hacking away at the coal. But something is wrong. The Canary has stopped singing. There's panic, but only a few reach the lifts in time before the deadly explosion blasts... 'RUN! FATHER RUN! NO! DADDY! NO! NO!' My screaming goes unnoticed by all. All, that is, but one. Half awake, still partly drowning in the ashes of my nightmare alongside my father, I feel a strong pair of arms wrap around me, faintly hear a soothing voice whispering my name. His voice seems distant, like a memory... 'Katniss... Katniss wake up... C'mon, Catnip, wake up. Wake up honey.' I listen hard, try my best to drag myself out of the dream state. I slowly begin to get a grip on reality... 'Gale!' I cry. 'Shhh... Its okay, honey, I'm here. It's okay. You're okay, Catnip. You're completely okay...' Tears streak my face as my nightmare flashes before my eyes. 'I told him to run... He didn't run...' I moan. 'I know, Catnip. I know. Stay strong, honey' Gale whispers, rubbing soothing circles on my back. 'I'm sick of being strong! I want my father back!' I cry, although deep down I know that crying won't bring him back. Nothing can. 'Shhh... Its okay, Catnip. It's going to be okay' Gale whispers. I finally stop crying and just sit, cradled in his arms while I calm down completely. 'You okay?' He asks worriedly. I nod. 'I'll get you some water' he says, standing up and crossing the room. He reappears moments later with a glass of water in his hand. He hands it to me and sits beside me on the bed, holding me close and whispering soothing words of comfort. My hands shake as I take tiny sips of the cool water, and I end up putting the glass down on the nightstand. 'Shhh... It's okay...' Soothes Gale. He pulls me closer and I bury my head in his chest. 'I've got you... I've got you... Nobody can hurt you...' I nod. 'You okay now?' He asks. 'I think so...' I mumble. 'Good. C'mon then, let's get you back into bed' he says, releasing me and tucking me back in. He gives me a quick kiss on the cheek before turning to leave, but I catch his hand. 'Gale...' I whisper. 'Mhmm?' He asks. 'Stay with me.' He nods and sits down on the floor beside my bed. I know it's selfish to ask, but I can't get through the night without him. I drift off to sleep, my fingers still entwined with his as he whispers something I don't quite catch... The scene changes. It's Reaping day. The same day I lost him. I wait anxiously in my ring, waiting for Effie Trinket to call out the names. I catch Gale's eye and he winks at me, mouths words of reassurance and comfort. But I'm scared for him. I can't lose him, if I lose him then I've lost me too. I glance at Prim, standing frightened and alone in the ring of twelve year olds. Gale looks at me, his eyes telling me his exact thoughts. 'She'll be fine. Don't worry.' I sigh and force a smile. Of course she'll be fine. It's her first year. Gale glances at his little brother, Rory, who's also in his first Reaping year. I catch Gale's gaze. 'He'll be fine. Don't worry. It won't be him.' Gale nods and sighs. The crackling of the microphone makes me start, and I quickly look up at the stage. A very bright woman, wearing all pink from her metallic wig to her glittery stilettos, is standing centre. Effie Trinket. She starts up her usual welcome in her all-too-bright Capitol accent. 'Welcome, welcome, to the Reaping of the 74th Annual Hunger Games. First off, we have a very special film all the way from the Capitol! How exciting!' She calls, as a propaganda shot starts up on the huge screens. Gale and I sigh, and continue to glance nervously at our siblings. Effie jerks us out of our thoughts by calling out her stupid catchphrase. 'Happy Hunger Games! And, may the odds be EVER in your favour! As always, Ladies first.' Panic begins to rise up inside me as I think of my 20 slips of paper, of Prim's single slip. Gale reaches his hand out to me, and I reach out to him, but we're too far apart to catch hold of the one thing that keeps us sane: each other. Effie waddles back to her microphone and clears her throat dramatically. 'SAIMA HERLE!' She calls. I'm surprised to see one of the merchant girls take to the stage, not even trying to hold it together. Her bottom lip trembles and tears begin to stream down her face. Gale looks at me and rolls his eyes. I give a weak smile. We're safe, Prim and I. But is Gale? 'Now for the boys!' Calls Effie. I hold my breath, and Gale sets his face into its usual expressionless mask. 'Rory Hawthorne!' 'I volunteer as Tribute!' Yells Gale, pushing his way through the crowd and shoving his little brother behind him. 'No! GALE! NO!' I scream. I wake with a start, still screaming his name, wishing for his protective arms to come and hold me, for his soothing voice to whisper comforting words into my ear. But it doesn't. He isn't here. He's on his way to the Capitol. I've lost him forever. I replay something from my dream in my head... "'Gale...' 'Mhmm?' 'Stay with me.'" and finally, the word I didn't catch surfaces to the front of my mind, here with me until the day I die. "'Always.'" A/N So, how was it? Please review, let me know if you loved it or if it sucked ;) and remember: I LOVE CRITICISM! hope you enjoyed. Phoenix xx