escapes me, he feels amazing. I nip at his lips and suck on his tongue, which makes him increase the speed of his thrusts but it isn't enough, I need more, I want everything he can possibly give me. Our lips break apart and his find my neck, roughly biting at my skin. My body writhes under him and I start to push my hips up to meet his thrusts, urging him on. "Harder Haymitch, please, I want to feel you for days." An animalistic sound leaves his lips and I smirk slightly at myself, revelling in how I can make him lose control like this. I've never really considered myself sexy or seductive, but tonight I feel both. I feel like a temptress, and Haymitch can't seem to get enough. One of his hands slides down my body and comes to rest just about the spot where we are connected. His fingers spread my folds and find the bundle of nerves hidden there. My body is on fire, I've never felt anything as wonderful as this, it's a kind of ecstasy I never knew existed. I can feel myself coiling up as he pumps in time with the circles he's drawing on my clit. One of my hands tangles in his hair and pulls him closer. His lips are at my throat again, laying wet kisses along the exposed flesh. I toss my head back, and feel myself approaching a precipice. He must be getting close too because he's panting loudly, letting out groans of pleasure, and it's like music to my ears. Pushing my hips up harder to meet his pace I'm about to fall. I can feel my inner walls pulse in time with my heartbeat, pulling him further into me. I want him to come with me, so I tug at his hair, moving his face until my lips are at his ear. "Come with me Haymitch. I want you to fill me up." The husky tone in my voice is unlike anything that's ever come from my lips, but in the heat of passion I can't bring myself to care. It must be enough for him though, because seconds later he gives a hard thrust and stills. Hot, warm, liquid fills me as he empties his seed deep inside of me. The feeling of his hot cum sends me over the edge as I arch my back with a loud cry of his name. His fingers on my clit don't still, instead he slows their pace, helping me ride out my first orgasm. When the waves of pleasure have subsided I slump back to the mattress, dazed and out of breath. I hear him chuckling and open one eye to see his smile. "Smug much?" I ask him, not opening my eyes. "Well who knew that the girl on fire was such a naughty little seductress? Or that this old drunk could make her scream like that." I can hear the teasing note in his tone but don't say anything, instead I pull him down to me and kiss him lazily, letting our tongues explore. We kiss for a long while, our naked bodies still pressed together. When we need to break apart for air Haymitch tries to roll off me. Not wanting to lose the feel of him inside of me just yet I wrap my legs around his hips, keeping him in place. His eyes find mine again and he laughs. "Enjoying yourself sweetheart?" "Actually I am. I rather enjoy feeling you inside me, I don't want it to end." This causes him to groan and it's my turn to chuckle. We stay still for a long while, just enjoying each other. I feel him shift slightly on top of me and worry that he doesn't want to be close anymore, or worse, that he regrets this. Panic wells inside of my chest. He must sense my anxiety because he strokes my hair and kisses me again. My fear disintegrates and I am blissfully happy. Happier than I've been in a long time, tonight with Haymitch was perfect. Carefully he rolls us over so I am on top, but he doesn't remove himself from me, which I'm grateful for. He in turn wraps me up in his strong arms. "Thank you." My words hang in the air for a moment, as he digests them. "For what? The incredible sex or the sappy cuddling? Or because you know I'm a stud?" I lift my head off his chest and smack his arm playfully. "Ass." He grins up at me. Letting out a sigh, I try again. "Thank you for everything, for giving me the chance to experience this kind of pleasure with someone I trust." His smile widens and his eyes twinkle. It's an odd expression on him because he's usually so bitter, but I like it anyways. Suddenly a mischievous glint flashes in his grey eyes. "Feel free to use me at any time for your personal pleasure sweetheart." I grin down at him. "Well we do still have three months until the Quarter Quell… I'm sure I can figure out some way to pass the time." I can feel him growing hard again inside of me and my desire returns full force. "Ready for round two?" My smile widens and I roll my hips. "Definitely, but this time, I'm in charge!" "Whatever you say, sweetheart." With that, I begin to worship his body, letting pleasure overtake us both. Over the next three months I go to Haymitch daily, craving the pleasure he gives, and the feeling of pleasuring him. When I'm not with him I'm desperate to feel him inside of me, and when I'm with him I can never get enough of him. He takes me up and drags me down, he brings me pleasure beyond anything I could imagine. Who know that the girl on fire wasn't so innocent after all, all it took was someone to ignite the flame.