her hand drift down, and she came in contact with his rigid cock. "Looks like round three is happening anyway," Peeta moaned as he rolled onto his back and pulled Katniss on top of him. Katniss smiled and positioned his tip and his opening, and sank down. JESUS H. FUCKING CHRIST, this is perfect , she thought as she cried out and brought her lips down to kiss Peeta. His hips thrust up against his. She leaned over his chest and he captured her breast with his lips, bringing his hands up to caress her nipples as she rode him with abandon. "Oh, Peeta! You're perfect!" Katniss cried into his mouth, panting heavily. And he was perfect. His cock was the perfect fit for her, like God had sent him into the world to fill one sole purpose—her vagina. As she rose and sank down over and over again, their legs locked behind her, and Peeta's hands came to rest on her ass, squeezing her cheeks with a satisfied grunt. Her clit was hitting his pubic bone at the perfect place, and she didn't even need to touch herself as she felt herself reaching orgasm again. Peeta smacked her ass, and Katniss wailed out in pleasure. "Did you like that, Katniss?" Peeta growled, pulling her down for a sloppy kiss. "Yes," she said into his mouth as his hand made contact with her cheek again, with a sounding crack . "Don't give me anymore ideas, I don't think I can handle it," Peeta moaned as he pushed hard against her hips. Katniss came undone at that very moment, and dropped her hand behind her and firmly grasped his ball sack in her hand, giving it a tender squeeze and a gentle rub. Peeta frantically flipped them over and pushed her thighs apart and disappeared inside of her as Katniss let go, meeting him stroke for stroke. His thrusts were now erratic and sweat was dripping off his hair and onto her face. His skin slapping hers was the most beautiful sound Katniss had ever heard. She kissed him, roughly, and tugged on his hair. "I'm coming," he murmured and Katniss tightened her legs around his waist as he rode out his orgasm. Peeta smiled and pushed her hair away from her face and peppered Katniss with kisses. "That was awesome," he sighed contentedly as he pulled her into his arms. "Five stars, would definitely recommend," Katniss snarked as she wound her fingers in his. "I've never take a shower before I've gone to the gym," Peeta said, kissing Katniss gently with a grin. "That was a great cardio workout." "Oh yeah?" Katniss grinned. She couldn't help it. He bit his lip and nodded. "Seriously though, I want to go to the gym before this holiday party," Peeta said shyly almost, like he felt guilty. Katniss sat up and stretched. "Yup, I need to get back to this funeral," she added with a nod. "Do you think your friend would be happy that you dipped out of his funeral to get laid?" Peeta called from the shower as Katniss put her clothes back on. "Cinna wanted us to all live in the moment," Katniss replied. "He would have wanted this for sure." Katniss texted Johanna and Haymitch to let them know she was coming back. She ordered a taxi. She sat down awkwardly on his couch and watched the Army-Navy game as Peeta finished his shower. "Who are you rooting for?" he shouted from the bathroom. "Navy," Katniss said mindlessly. Her mind was starting to race after what she had just done. What did this boy mean to her? Did it mean anything? "Good choice," he replied, coming out of the shower and pulling on his workout clothes. Yup, definitely a wrestler, Katniss thought. "Any reason?" "My grandfather was a captain the Navy. Call it tradition," Katniss replied, her voice sounding hollow. "Did you call a cab?" Peeta asked, toweling off his hair. His sweatpants hung sexily off his hips and Katniss felt that hunger again. "Yup, it's en route," Katniss said, a little too cheerfully. Don't let him know how you really feel. Lock it up. NO YOU LOCK IT UP. She didn't really want to go. She put her Yankee hat on so that her hair wouldn't get ruined in the rain. Peeta looked alarmed. "You can stay here while the car is coming," he said with concern in his voice. Luckily, at that moment, the driver called and Katniss let out a sigh of relief. She went to the door, ducked out, then reconsidered. She popped back in and marched over to him on his couch, and kissed him again, hard into his mouth. "I'll call you, okay?" he said. "We'll be in touch." "Okay," she nodded, "be safe tonight? In this nasty weather and such?" "Always." Peeta kissed her long and hard, and caressed her cheek thoughtfully. Katniss smiled and kissed his cheek, leaving for real this time. Katniss let herself out the lobby and the driver opened the door. She shivered as she sank into the black leather seats. What in the fuck did I just do? She fumbled in her purse for a Xanax. "Did you have a good day?" the driver asked casually. "Yeah, I think so. Carpe diem ," Katniss replied as they sped off down Connecticut Avenue and a happy, warm blush spread across her body. The driver nodded knowingly. Katniss shook her hair down out of her baseball cap and slicked on some lip gloss (ModelCo Showgirl Red), smiling at her flushed face in the rearview mirror. "Indeed." Katniss tucked her phone away and readied herself for round two. A/N: I wrote this for the Prompts in Panem: Holidays in Panem fanfic challenge, but I guess slipping it in at 11:58 pm Eastern Standard Time per the rules wasn't acceptable, so it didn't get included. Whose dick do I have to suck around here? I do mouth stuff! Anyway, Happy Holidays!