of wood slide across my back and give a little groan in pain. For a moment, I lift my head. My eyes connect with a large figure in the distance. I squint to get a better look and see just a silloute. It keeps on coming closer and soon my eyes can make out what it is. The thing seems to be about 30 feet tall with a rounded head. It's eyes, an unntaural yellow shine in glees. Little black slits sit as pupils and the eyes blink every five seconds. It has scales the size of a rather large plate all over it's glistening skin. It seems to be carrying a 15ft tail behind it, as it slowly moves back and forth, toppling over small trees. Large, tree trunk legs covered in shaggy brown fur erect it from the ground, causing it not to slither as you would think. "Katniss?" I ask, my voice rising into a squeak. The creature keeps turning it's head around. I poke at her bit. "Katniss?" I ask again, my voice lowering slightly. She groans again, her eyes trying to open. Yet they don't. I feel even more scared because if anyone, Katniss can fight this beast off. I am too hurt to even begin. It comes closer, it's feet slowly, tortuously plodding on the ground. It comes closer and closer, until I can feel it's breath burning holes in my skin. I lift my head up again and see that it's only a few yards away. "Katniss?" I say again, my voice betraying me. I don't care though, I need her to wake up. I need her to help me save her and to hear her voice. The sound draws nearer and I stare at it. It cocks its head, as if trying to figure me out. It's only a yard away now, it's pupils dilating in confusion. I can hear my heart beating, a loud thump thump. It seems to smile, the corners of it's slit like mouth rearing back to reveal two sets of sharp teeth. A brief image colors its eyes, an image showing a bitter future. "Katniss?" I whimper now. Shaking her even harder. Her palms are stained with a dark purple, and her arm wound seems to be healing. "Whurf?" she asks, her eyes still shut. Her eyelashes flutter slightly, showing glimpses of lethargic gray eyes. "Get up." I mutter, the creature starting in a circle. She doesn't respond, just flutters her eyes. "Get up!" I say through now gritted teeth, my voice raising as much as it dares. Suddenly, I feel something clamp on my leg. It doesn't hurt, just stings. I turn my head around and spot a long tail swishing back and forth. "Katniss." I say again, feeling the creature's jaws tighten on my already injured leg. I feel no pain, as I've said. It's like my nerves have been destroyed, never to feel again. Which most likely is the case. Katniss's eyes actually manage to open this time, but they flutter shut again. Finally I am feeling antsy. Why now out of all times? "Katnisss!" I whine, shaking her a bit more. I feel my leg being lifted into the cool air. A sudden tug jolts me upwards. I am hanging about a foot of the ground, my eyes wide and unblinking. I'm frozen for a moment, but then I begin screaming her name. 'Please wake up! Please wake up!' I cry silently, my mind becoming fuzzier by the second. I'm helpless in the air, watching Katniss struggle to open her lashes. She groans again, and the creature lifts me even higher. Inch by inch I am pulled into the air, blood rushing to my head. "KATNISS!" I screech, fearing for my life. I know I should be the one protecting her, but she's not in the air right now. I fear for her and I. "Peeta?" she mumbles slowly,barely audible. She is still laying on the ground, vulnerable. With a sudden thrust, I am thrown through the air. Adrenaline courses through my veins as I try to somehow stop myself. I can feel the air whipping around me, the shrill sound of fast paced wind whistling a horrid tune. My body connects with the golden cornucoupia, hitting it with a sickening thud. My arms scrape harshly against the fallen tree, removing skin. I fall into the grass below, dots filming my vision. I see the reptilian mutt walking over to Katniss. It seems to open its mouth in hunger as it comes closer and closer. I feel energy leaving my body and grainy black covering my eyes. "KATNISS!..RUN!" I shout as loud as I can. I see her head rise slightly, but not before falling to the ground. The monstrosity snakes it's green head toward her struggling form, and levitates its head inches from her face. I can see hear just the grim sound of a delayed scream as my mind drifts more and more into unconsciousness. I keep on fighting the oncoming wave of nothingness, yet it is too strong. It's overpowering my entire body. I hear a sickening crunch and see a darkened crimson color coloring the sky, and wonder what had exactly happened. The darkness is finally placing it's hands over my eyes, covering my vision and I hear a characteristic ' BOOM!'. It's the last sound I hear signaling a death. A winner has finally been announced. The lingering sound of a cannon plays over and over again, And the sad yet ironic thing is, it's not mine. It's hers. Well, There you go! I hope it's alright and I hope it does something. I was actually debating on who to kill, but I'm guessing you guys easily guessed who it was going to be. As well, any words that are still mispelled didn't have the correct spelling form. At least the way I wanted it. Thank you very much for reading! Review? Haha, have a wonderous day! :D