into hers, both totally spent. She rubs his back, her eyes still closed as they try to catch their breath. He pulls out of her carefully with a small hiss, before he moves around and settles behind her. With their bodies lying contently side by side and their feet entwined together, he wraps an arm around her waist securely. They look out, staring into the fire in comforting silence, both watching as it dims to soft embers, basking in their afterglow. "You love me? Real or not real?" Peeta whispers in her ear. She rolls herself over to face him, her hand reaching up to cup his face. "Real," she answers with a shy smile. He leans down to meet her lips in a chaste kiss. "How do you feel?" "A bit sore, but that was amazing," she shares, her head seeking the crook of his arm to rest against him. "I had no idea it could be like that." "It was fucking fantastic," he emphasises, the smile evident in his voice. "It's like a genie has granted me my birthday wish." He pulls her tight to his chest with a sigh. "I can't wait to fuck you again." "Mmm, me either," she agrees, feeling like her face might break due to how happy she is. "Do you reckon you could go again right now?" He laughs. "Ah…well I'm not as young as I used to be," he jokes, looking down at his groin. "So I might need a bit more time to recover – you really took it out of me. Besides I think we should give your… thing down there a break," he muses cheekily. Katniss groans. "You're never going to let me live that down are you?" He kisses the top of her head. "Nope – besides I like that you still have that pure side to you – it's a huge turn on." "Has anyone ever told you you're a horny pervert Mr Mellark?" She jokes, lifting her head up to kiss him, their tongues dancing languidly together, before she breaks away turning in his arms so her back is against his chest again. She snuggles into his warmth, enjoying the weight of his body against her. Darting her eyes down, she notices something glimmering on the carpet. "Oh hey, you forgot to open the rest of your present," she tells him, sitting up and leaning over the side to grasp the gold envelope. Both of them sit themselves up on the couch, both still gloriously naked as they sit side by side as she hands him her gift. "You've already given me your gift - nothing is going to beat being inside you," he states matter-of-factly. But he still looks pleased all the same, taking the envelope and ripping it open. He unfolds the piece of paper inside, taking a few moments to realise what he's looking at. "You got me a trip to the Capitol," he splutters out. "That was on the top of my list...how did you…" he trails off, shaking his head in wonder. He continues reading through the rest of the papers. "Oh my god, you paid for my flights and accommodation and…what's this?" He asks noticing something is stapled to the paper. His eyes widen as big as saucers. "You got me a VIP ticket to Cinna and Cressida's art show?! Oh, Katniss, this is just…" He looks at her with pure surprise and elation, like he can't believe someone went to so much trouble. "So I did good?" She teases, knocking his shoulder playfully. "Good would be an understatement. Come here," he urges pulling her in for a kiss, his hand holding the back of her head firmly. Breaking away, he murmurs, "This would have cost a fortune – I don't know if I can accept it." She scowls. "You're taking it, no arguments. Besides look at it this way – you get to tick something off your list," she says proudly. He looks back down at the treasured gift in his hand, looking torn. "Look, seriously you don't need to worry about the money – I've been working a lot of overtime lately and my boss pays well." Sneaking her a sideways glance he asks, "So do you still think your boss is a jerk?" She leans in, wrapping one arm around his back, while she places a soft kiss on his cheek. "A big one," she confirms, her eyes twinkling. "Just because I'm in love with you doesn't mean I still don't think you're a jerk." He chuckles. "How am I a jerk? You were the one who wanted the overtime, Everdeen. I was just being a considerate boss." "I didn't want overtime on your birthday though! I wanted to spend it with you." "Yes, I know. But after what you witnessed earlier tonight I think you can now understand why I made you do it," he states. "Yeah, you say that, but I think subconsciously you still wanted me here," she tells him, her tone turning flirtatious. "You knew I wouldn't check my Facebook." "No comment," he mutters, turning away to avoid her gaze, but she still sees a small smile grace his features, before turning back around to catch her eye. "So should I put you down for more overtime?" He asks. "Only in your office, after everybody has gone home," she says boldly. "I'd be happy to be compensated for my time in other ways." He grins wolfishly, pulling her into his lap and tugging her against him so her breasts lie flat against his chest. "Mr Mellark will see what he can do," he whispers huskily, capturing her lips with his for a searing kiss, that's filled with promises of tomorrow and always. I hope you enjoyed this. Please let me know what you thought either on here or you can visit me on tumblr: peetaspikelets. Be on the lookout I'll be posting two new everlark stories over the next couple of months.