in the middle of a private and intimate moment, and looks away. "So were you okay after that guy of yours left?" Rye asks carefully. His voice brings her attention back and she sees them both looking at her with joint concern. "From what I overheard, the guy sounded like a real piece of work." "Oh, yes," she stumbles, trying to get her brain working again. "Thank you for going to get Peeta. I really appreciate it. The night definitely didn't turn out the way I was expecting." "You poor thing," Delly says. "There are so many bad ones out there, isn't there? But it just makes you appreciate it more when you find a good one. Peeta is a good one," she adds pretending to sound off handed, but her blue eyes are twinkling "He's great. I've never met anyone like him before," Katniss tells her with a smile and she feels Rye looking down on her with curious eyes. He looks exactly like Peeta, but they say the eyes are the windows to the soul and Katniss can see some differences. Rye seems like a bit of a larrikin, a carefree joker, where Peeta seems to have more of a sensitive and serious side. "I don't think you need to play matchmaker here Dell," Rye then pipes up. "I think the hook has already landed the big fish." Without further ado, he gives Katniss a wink and says, "We'll leave you alone so you can perve on my brother in private. You have my blessing." She nods nervously, surprised that her intentions for Peeta seem to show as clear as day to his brother. She says her goodbyes and then looks over to Peeta who still has his back to her but he now has his knee up high and bent, while his back curls forward and his head is tucked into his chest. She decides to come back later so she doesn't distract him again or get him in trouble. She strolls around the exhibition and views all the other artists on display. She watches Jo for a while, but only because her back is to the audience. She then finds herself standing in front of a man with bronze hair and green eyes the colour of water you would find on a tropical island. She has a funny suspicion that his name is Finnick as she swears she hears him whisper to the small group that has gathered, "Have you ever wanted to be a part of a human pyramid?" She walks off with a shake of her head and wonders off-handed where Haymitch could be. But throughout the night she can't get away from or deny the heated and comforting gaze she feels following her around. Her skin feels alight with flames as she senses him watching and looking out for her. The butterflies in her belly are back and this time they're flapping around in excitement counting down the minutes until she can talk to him again. Half an hour later and it's like everything in the universe aligns and answers her prayers because when she's back in the change rooms, zipping up her dress, she feels a warm presence behind her and the distinctive smells of cinnamon and dill that she'd smelled earlier. Unable to hide the excitement and confidence the evening has brought to her, she turns around and gives Peeta the biggest grin; she's relieved to find him beaming back. "You were incredible," he states in awe. "I couldn't believe that you'd really gone out there. I thought for a moment I was seeing things," he laughs. "How do you feel? Are you okay?" "I'm feeling pretty damn good," she answers back with a proud smirk. "You were amazing too, by the way." "Thank you," he nods, the tops of his ears turning pink. He pauses for a moment before speaking again. "Um, so I was thinking, if you're not in a hurry to get home that is, maybe we could go out for coffee, talk about the show…or anything really." "I would love to, but I don't drink coffee," she states firmly. "Oh…um, okay…" he pauses, looking crestfallen. "I could go for a hot chocolate though," she offers alternatively and gives him a wink. She doesn't know where this new and sudden boldness of hers is coming from but she thinks she likes it. "I know a great bakery around the corner that's open late." His shoulders sag in relief, and his eyes twinkle. "I believe I'm familiar with the place you're thinking of," he says, offering his hand. Without further thought, she gently places her hand in his, admiring the warmth radiating from his palm and the rough texture of his fingers wrapped securely around hers. They fall into step, walking alongside each other in comforting silence as they move across the spacious floors of the gallery. Outside she sees the bright neon sign of the Mellark Bakery flashing and suddenly realizes she'll have an amazing story to share with Prim and her stupid cat tomorrow. Not only did she find the courage to walk around naked in front of complete strangers, but she also managed to meet a nice guy and go on a date. But the most satisfying thing out of this is that she was able to accomplish all this by herself, with no safety net or comfort zone. Tonight had brought her confidence, and a sense of fun that had been missing from her life. As they step inside the warmth of the bustling bakery, something tells her there's a good chance she could become addicted to the free fall of a comfort zone free life, and fully exploring the possibilities of what life has to offer. Because even after only one night of taking that leap of not knowing where she was going to land, she's already found Peeta. And she can only imagine what she can possibly accomplish with him by her side.