as soon as there's a partner and more than those basics, she'll learn how difficult the Viennese waltz can turn out to be. When he stops her again, she's looking at him expectantly, and maybe with a tad of sorrow in her gray eyes, but he simply smiles at her hand gently places his hand on her waist, while leading hers up to his upper arm. He takes her other hand with his, stretching their arms to a level where they're just slightly bowed. A posture I know only too well. "Do what you've been doing all the time. I'm going to help you find the right rhythm when you're wrong." And she does. And he does. And somehow, although she steps onto his feet more than once, although he has to laughingly direct her how to move rightly, and although the closer they get, the lesser either of them can concentrate on what they're doing, in the end they almost look like the cloud which has long since left the sky above their heads. Sure, her hair is still in the untidy braid, with some strands fallen out of it, and the skirt of her dress is a lot less wide, and an ordinary brown instead of a puffy white, and there's sweat sticking to both of their foreheads, and he's not wearing a jacket, but they look as careless, as free, and her dress moves the same way, even if not as strongly. They change into a move where they are just swaying from side to side, I was once taught the name of, but forgot it. He leans his forehead against hers though as far as I know that is not allowed, yet both of them are panting heavily, no matter the smile playing their lips, and as a break, this swaying is perfect. The breeze blows through the leaves as well as their hair, causing a part of her face to disappear behind his curls. He chuckles softly. "You sure you've never danced afore?" "I am," she laughs. "You're merely a good teacher." I can see how he lowers their intertwined hands, but the swaying continues, although they do not move as much anymore. He sighs, the hair falling back in place, revealing his eyes, which are adoringly gazing at her. "What?", she asks, moving her hand carefully from his upper arm to his shoulder. For support, I suppose. He shakes his head, smiling. "Nothing." "It's not nothing. Go ahead, tell me," she demands, brushing a curl which had fallen over his forehead away. He sighs again in surrender, squeezing her waist lightly ere whispering, "I'm imagining you, in a fine gown, your hair loose, not in that braid", he tucks on the tip of it. First I think just to emphasize his words, but then the knots begin to unwind, till her hair falls in brown waves down her back. He smiles, pleased with himself. "And instead of this garden we're in a ballroom. And no one around us minds." They've stopped swaying almost completely. It's more of a shifting from one foot to the other by now. She turns her head slightly, looking down. "That's beautiful," she says. "But it cannot happen." "Says who?", he asks, tilting her head back up to face him. "Says me," she replies, biting her lower lip. Their movements stop altogether. "An what if I say it can?" His tone ought to be playful, like afore, but it's heavy and serious. His gaze is so intense I am not certain I could bear it would it be directed at me. She doesn't flinch. But she isn't steady either. "Well, then you're a fool." And her voice isn't as defined as it should be. It's weak, as is her conviction. "Oh am I?", he whispers, moving even closer to her. And then, when she tilts her head upwards, happens what I couldn't have, what she couldn't have, what even he couldn't have foreseen. He presses his lips to hers in the most natural, most wonderful, and most fairytale-like fashion possible. It only takes her a few seconds to respond, only a few seconds for her lips to start moving with his. They stay like this for what seems like forever. Her hands sneak up to his neck and she links them behind it, while one of his pulls her by the waist, tighter to him, and the other cradles her face lovingly. There's a happiness deep inside me, one I can't define, but one I feel whenever my mother tells me these stories when she comes to the endings, where the prince gets his princess. Maybe I feel that way because they as well seem to deserve it; deserve each other. Maybe because just like my parents, they let love win over titles and money. Another proof that fairytales may yet come true. When they pull apart, both of their faces flushed, and lips slightly swollen, but dreamingly gazing at each other; she's the first to speak. "Yes you are." She brushes the tip of her nose against his. "But so am I." And she kisses him again. Only slowly do they part, when she seems to murmur something against his lips. And he leans his forehead against hers again. "I'm sorry. What did you say?" Although he's speaking, he can't keep a grin so wide I'm afraid it's going to break in two off his face. "Katniss," she repeats, her expression mimicking his. "That is my name." And I see him reply something. And I see the wind move the leaves. And I see a bird land on a branch and open its beak to trill its song. But I can hear neither. For her words are stuck my head, like a curse. "Katniss. That is my name." Katniss. There's only one person I know who bears this name. It is my mother. But I also know another name. That of my father. And it is not Peeta Mellark.