Ceaser finally begins after a silent moment that undoubtly took too long, evidence of his clearly uncomfortable state to do this interview. Gale gives him a smirk and I have to smirk with him. No more Mr. Nice Guy for the Capitol I see. "Never thought you'd say that to me, now did you?" Gale answers. It's not light and playful, it's serious with a dark undertone how he says it. Well, at least he's not trying to play their games, though I doubt that will help him at all. Though I can't say I'm surprised. More likely than not as soon as he heard about the rebellion he was onboard without anyone asking him to be. He was always the rebel anyway, even long ago when we were just children fighting to keep our families alive outside the district, in our woods. Ceaser lightly laughs, trying desperately to keep this interview going at his pace even with Gale's not so playing along attitude. "I must admit, I didn't. You said it yourself that you were trying to save your daughter and didn't plan on coming back." Ceaser responds. As if Gale needed the reminder. "You're right. I didn't plan on coming back." Gale concedes. "And while I had nothing to do with it incredulously, Makenna is still safe and sound." Yes she is, right here in District 13. Where they're trying to put her in danger by making her the Phoenix. I wonder what Gale would say to them about it if our positions were reversed, him here and me in the Capitol…what am I thinking, he would probably say yes and do it with her. Anything to stop this horribleness that is Snow's wrath. "With the rebels." Ceaser reminds him, "Who faked dear Makenna's death and made you feel like a failure. How can you say that was for the best when they made you feel that way?" I must admit I've been asking myself the same question, but what it really comes down to is that our families and Makenna are safe and that's what matters. "Because it's for the-" Gale begins but his eyes flick quickly to the left of the camera and I can see a slight look of dread and horror in his eyes before he composes himself and turns back to the camera. "It's not for the best. The Capitol knows what's best and the rebels shouldn't have done that to me or anyone else." Gale states in a dry tone. And despite the tone, I'm in shock at his words. 0-the amount of times I would have ever believed that something like that would come out of Gale's mouth. What the hell is going on? Dr. Calvus's POV "Welcome Dr. Calvus." President Snow greets me, gesturing for me to take a seat which I do. "Now tell me, how are our patients doing?" Patients? More like prisoners but I am a doctor and he's the president. If he wants to call the people I'm ordered to torture for information or otherwise patients then so be it. "We're making large strides with Mr. Odair. It appears that while he originally resisted he has ample amounts of information." I inform, handing him a file of the information we have gathered-an impressive amount for sure and I have a feeling he knows more. He briefly looks at the file before tossing on his desk and folding his hands, seemingly uninterested at the moment. "And what of Mr. Hawthorne?" I try not to groan in frustration. We've gotten absolutely nowhere on the information side with him; I truly suspect it's because he really does not know anything else though. I honestly believe that the rebels kept him mostly in the dark for this very reason. Smart of them, but it's certainly not making my job any easier. "Nothing more than we had four weeks ago sir." I inform him to which he frowns. "And why is that? Because he's stronger at resisting than Mr. Odair?" he questions me with a hint of annoyance and I try not to gulp. While that may be true because it took almost a week of torturing to get anything out of him while it only took three days for Mr. Odair to start talking, I'm pretty confident that it's all he knew. Very little at that. "I don't think he has any more information Mr. President. I truly believe that he was mostly not told anything at all on the doings or the facts of the rebellion." I reply, trying to hold in my fear. I'm quite aware from the information courtesy of Mr. Odair that President Snow is no stranger to poisoning Capitolites who anger him or get in his way and I realize he's not happy with my answer. I just hope he realizes the truth of it and doesn't blame me. "But he still resists, does he not?" President Snow persists, "In the interview shown today he wasn't very convincing though he claimed to be on our side and I'm told the country isn't buying it." I sigh. "That was because the threat we used against him to say those things was encouraging him to rebel even though he had a gun to his head. Clearly the man cares more about the rebellion than his own life." "But Mr. Hawthorne evidently cares about him after all these years. Use that." he orders, clearly not happy with a prisoner not doing what he wishes. "We did at first but his encouragement of resistance was not helping. We had to have him removed to another cell on a different floor." I explain. President Snow sighs, shaking his head so he's clearly not satisfied, but eventually he says, "Very well, you may go back to your work." I get up quickly to leave but stop when I hear his voice call out for me. "Oh and Dr. Calvus? Make sure that Mr. Hawthorne's days of resistance are numbered." "Yes sir."