and elderly alike were ruthlessly beaten. People started running towards their homes, many injured. Katniss was in shock as she watched. So was Peeta. Thankfully, both their families had somehow escaped the onslaught. Peeta's family had turned to leave immediately, and was gone before the violence started. Gale had led Mrs Everdeen and Prim towards home right away, as well, as he signaled to Hazelle to also leave immediately. As Katniss watched, she wondered if he'd sensed something was about to happen. She felt grateful that he'd gotten her mother and sister and especially Sawyer to safety. Her mom and Prim would probably be treating injured fellow citizens for days, she realized. Hopefully, Hazelle would be available to help with the baby. . . . . . Just after Prim had left to deliver the stew, the first injured people started arriving. By the time she returned, over twenty-five people were there awaiting their help. Mrs Everdeen was already hard at work. Prim immediately washed her hands and started helping to treat the many injured, referring the worst straight to her mom. They stitched up cuts and gashes, placed ice packs on bruises, healed broken spirits and gave herbal concoctions for pain until late in the night. Hazelle had come and was caring for Sawyer, knowing she would be needed. She stayed until the last person had left, with the baby boy sleeping soundly in his crib. As Mrs Everdeen and Prim watched her leave, the sun was coming up. They were grateful for her help, and had sent her home with a large parcel of food. Their duties had taken all night, but they wouldn't have it any other way. They both laid down, hoping to catch a few winks before Sawyer woke up again. More injured people were bound to show up throughout the day. Thankfully, it was summer and Prim didn't have to think about school. Hazelle came around noon, and more wounded citizens started coming soon after. Prim was sent out to purchase more supplies from the merchant shops. Bandages, sutures and herbs were in short supply at their home, so she quickly bought out as much supplies as she could. The merchant at the textile store had been treated himself, the night before, and gave the needed white cotton for bandages free of charge. The apothecary also refused to take any money for the sutures and herbs he handed to Prim. Prim raced home, arms full of bundles, and along the way met Rory, who took half the packages himself and followed her. The front room was full, so while Prim started treating everyone she could, he started helping. He opened packages, boiled water, cut bandages and helped hold people's injured arms and legs while their wounds were being treated. Once again, it was well into the night and nearly dawn before everyone had been treated. The vicious peacekeepers had left injuries on so many people. The next day was the same all over again. And the next. In total, Prim and Mrs Everdeen treated over 300 people, with Rory's help, all injured in the beatings after the reaping. Gale brought back healing herbs for them from the woods whenever he could steal away. Hazelle continued to help with Sawyer while the Everdeens were busy being the district healers. . . . . . . After watching the reaping, Katniss and Peeta had laid down in his room on the train, but both knew they wouldn't sleep. Both were used to listening for Sawyer's cries, and the silence in their room felt ominous. Even the sounds of the train didn't fill the void. Neither slept, not even a little. The next morning, they emerged from his room with bags under their eyes and downtrodden spirits. They spent breakfast once again silently pushing food around on their plates. Katniss wondered how Sawyer was fairing, and longed to have him in her arms. Before she knew it, tears were spilling onto her breakfast, and Peeta pulled her closer to him, keeping his arm around her. "I miss him, too." "He won't even remember us, Peeta!" Katniss cried harder as this tragic and likely true revelation sunk in. Peeta closed his eyes to fight off the tears, but they came anyway. Haymitch looked at the two of them, and poured himself another drink. Effie watched him, forever disgusted with his alcoholism. But a moment later, she poured herself a drink, too. Haymitch watched with amazement as she drank it down. He smirked at her. "Didn't think you had it in you, Trinket!" "How could any sane person watch this little family being torn apart and not need a drink?" "I know." Haymitch stared at his one-fourths full glass for a moment, then drank it down in one gulp. Then he poured another for himself and for Effie. The two drank them down immediately. Katniss and Peeta were still crying in each other's arms, completely oblivious to their mentor and escort. Haymitch stood up and turned to Effie, extending a hand out to her. "Well… shall we?" Effie gave him a knowing smile, then jumped up and followed him to his room. It was how they managed every year, watching helplessly as their tributes were killed. There was no love or romance involved. Just a raw, primal thirst for each other, driven by the need to escape the tragedies the two shared every year. This year, the pain they were witness to was the worst ever, seeing the two teens being torn from their son, so their need for each other was even more intense. Hours later, they emerged from Haymitch's room to find Katniss and Peeta still in the same spot and still crying together. Effie was thankful they didn't see her smudged make-up or lopsided hair. In fact, she doubted they knew her and Haymitch were even in the room with them. For the hundredth time that day, she internally raged at the cruelty of the Capital.