in. "Annie!" called Gale "this is Katniss, she's gonna start work here on Thursday, could you please go over the uniform with her, I have to get back into the kitchen." "Sure thing." replied the girl with a smile Turning to Katniss, Gale said "I have to get back to work, Annie will go over what to wear, since I have no idea about womens clothes….except maybe how to take them off." while grinning as Katniss rolled her eyes. When he walked away Annie introduced herself and told her that all she would need were some black slacks and a black button up top and asked if she had any other questions. Still feeling a little overwhelmed, Katniss replied "no thank you" and made her way back to her small studio apartment to look through her closet for something appropriate to wear at Panem . On Thursday morning at 9:45 Katniss found herself standing in front of the intimidating structure trying to work up the courage to go through with this. With the thought of "there's no turning back now" she headed through the glass doors not knowing what would be in store for her and her family from here on out. The dark haired girl, Annie was again waiting at the host stand and greeted Katniss, telling her to have a seat while she called the manager over. A couple of minutes later an older woman with brilliant orange hair came walking brusquely into the waiting area trilling "Good morning, Good morning, This is going to be a Big Big day, you must be Katherine! My name is Effie, I've heard so much about you!" Trying not to cringe at this woman's distractingly bright hair or her overly chipper attitude she replied "It's Katniss, actually….like the flower." Looking unconcerned about the error, Effie motioned for Katniss to follow her as she led her toward the kitchen. "I am the training manager here at Panem, It's my job to show all new hires the expectations of the job that they will be performing." "I like to start all new hires with a tour of our restaurant. We're going to head into the kitchen to meet our chefs, so that you wont hesitate to ask them for assistance in ensuring that our guests receive the absolute best experience possible." she trilled on not even looking behind her to make sure that Katniss was following " This is the main cook line, where all our amazing dishes are created and here is our head Sous chef Gale Hawthorne." "We've met." Gale replies with a smile Effie furrows her brows as she processes what was said before saying "Mr. Hawthorne, you are aware of the "no fraternization" clause in the employment contract that you signed, are you not" then giving him a stern look. "It's not like that Effie, we've known each other since we were kids. I was the one who got her the interview with Haymitch." Gale says. Unconvinced, Effie replies "Well…we will be keeping and eye on you two then, I'm sure you wont mind if indeed there is nothing going on between you two." then she smiles brilliantly and says "Well then, on with the tour!" and turns on her heels and walks into the deeper recesses of the kitchen where all of a sudden the scents which were heavenly when she first entered the kitchen, turned absolutely divine….she would swear that she had never smelled anything so good in her whole life. It was that scent of fresh baked bread that suddenly dissipated all of Katniss' nerves and made her look forward to what possibly lied ahead of her here. Effie stopped in front of one of the marble topped prep tables that was covered in flower looking around for something, or someone when she finally turned back to Katniss and said "Well I guess our pastry chef is off preparing something, he should be back momentarily." "That delightful aroma in the air is our fresh baked artisinal bread that is our signature here at Panem." As she was talking, in walked a blond haired man who was about medium height he was taken by surprise at his two visitors and Effie looked up to see him "Ah, there you are, I was just telling Katniss here about your wonderful bread recipe. What I haven't mentioned yet is that besides being the creator of this amazing bread, he is also our head pastry chef, so he is responsible for every item on our divine dessert menu." "Ms. Everdeen, may I present to you Peeta Mellark, the best pastry chef in this country." Looking embarrassed at Effies praise, he replied "Well I don't know about that" and turned to look at Katniss in the eyes. When his clear blue eyes met her smokey gray ones, they widened a little and a blush started creeping up his cheeks "Nice to meet you, welcome to Panem ." Katniss wasn't unaffected by his gaze, as an unfamiliar warmth started to spread through her body and she smiled shyly replying "thank you, I look forward to being here." He reached forward to shake her hand and when their palms met both of their eyes widened in shock, it was impossible not to feel the electric jolt that went through them both. Katniss reluctantly dropped his hand and walked behind Effie as she made her way out of the kitchen. Before she reached the door, she chanced a glance back at the blue eyed baker only to discover that he was watching her leave as well with a dumbstruck look on his face. Turning back around Katniss couldn't help but think that this job might not be so bad…. I've never written anything for a public forum before, but I wanted to try to see what I could do. Any constructive comments are welcome. I wont have a regular update schedule, but if enough people end up liking this, who knows what will happen.