it, then scolded herself. It was not wise to think ill of one's significant other, or so Ava had always told her. Calliope had seen it differently, had seen Glory differently. Glory wasn't moving in on her, not in the way Marvel thought. He was a barrier trying to erect itself around her, around all of the pupils. Glory wasn't interested in the esteem of being a Victor, he was interested in going so his other classmates wouldn't have to. Nobody else had seen this in him. The two of them stood silently together as the escort took the stage. She was a lean woman, tall and her skin blotched lavender. Her hair had been twisted and twirled, it looked almost like a dove's tail and was layered with white feathers. Her long, tight dress matched the ensemble, continuing the theme of doves. The woman took to the stage and produced her cards, "Good morning everyone. Welcome to the Reaping for the 74th Annual Hunger Games!" The crowd around them erupted into cheers and shouts of excitement, Callie and Glory stood silently and watched the screens ahead of them. "My name is Delia Montague, I am thrilled to be standing before you today for the great honor of escorting the male and female Tributes from District 1 to the Capitol!" More cheers, "But first, a short film before we begin." Glory and Calliope watched the film - played every year - as it flickered across the screens before them. Heads bowed, some people dabbed at tears, others covered their mouths and displayed appropriate amounts of shame and reverence. Callie caught Glory's eye and he rolled them, she smiled and appreciated the gesture to brighten her spirits quietly. Finally, the film finished and the crowd applauded. Delia looked up at the crowd again, "That always gives me goosebumps. Now, without further delay, we will draw for the female Tribute first." "I volunteer," Glimmer's voice rang out over the crowd, authoritative yet expected. It was a show, a display. Delia had long been informed of who would be on that train with her, but she feigned shock and appreciation. "Well, this is a surprise! May I present-" Delia trailed off and let Glimmer speak for herself. "Glimmer Reets," she smiled at the crowd winningly, a heartbreaker in every sense of the phrase. "Glimmer Reets! You brave young woman, I am sure you will make your District proud." More cheers, "Now, for the gentlemen." "I volunteer," Marvel, already standing on stage, stepped forwards and extended his hand to Delia. He kissed hers gently and flashed a cheeky grin at the camera. Delia fanned herself and laughed politely, "Well, this is certainly an easy job you've given me, Mr.?" "Marvel Landmen," he smiled again at her charmingly. Calliope's stomach lurched, but she felt a hand grasp hers and give it a squeeze. She let herself lean into Glory's massive shoulder to steady herself and forced her eyes back to the stage. "May I present to you the male and female Tributes representing District 1, Marvel Landmen and Glimmer Reets!" Cheers and shouts rang out, echoing in the basin of the marble square. Calliope's head grew light and she felt the world slide out from under her, all she could see was Glimmer's princess wave and her smile. Marvel's cheeky half grin and his bold hand stretching out like it could stop her from falling, but she knew better. This was the moment the two of them had lived for, Glimmer and Marvel. This was the moment they had waited to bask in their whole lives, regardless of whether it meant leaving Calliope behind. Callie felt her knees turn into water and a strong arm snatched up her shoulders to keep her from falling. Glory sighed and looked down at her, "Should I take you to see him or her before the train? You won't have time for both." His tone implied he wished to be gentle with the fact, but he couldn't be. Callie knew that. She nodded, "Her." That word would haunt her for the rest of her life, but Calliope didn't know that yet. Callie's confidence was greater in Marvel than in Glimmer, she took the moment to choose the weakest of two links. Glory led her slowly to the train station and the Peacekeepers let her inside, not Glory. Glimmer had requested Calliope be on her list of persons to say goodbye to. The door open and the young women embraced each other tightly, squeezing hard and saying nothing. Glimmer shuddered for just a moment and exposed her secret fear, "You picked me." It was a statement, not of surprise or accusation, just a statement. Calliope nodded, "I've known you since I was seven years old, I've known Marvel since I was fourteen. I have to say the person I've known since I was capable of remembering stuff takes precedence." "You picked me," Glimmer said again, happier this time, and squeezed Calliope hard, "Go on, give me some last minute advice. Hurry up." Callie laughed, "Uh, I don't know. Remember body heat is the best thing in the winter, kick your feet when you swim, and stay alert." The last portion Callie said with a level of conviction Glimmer didn't expect. A knock on the door and a nod from the Peacekeeper made them hug again before Calliope was removed from the room. Something about the last statement she made to Glimmer was final, something about it was definite. "I love you, Glim," Callie said as she left, turning back just for a second, "Don't die out there." The door closed, that was it. That was the last time Calliope Lightwood would see her best friend in the whole world, the wave from the stage was the last time she would see the love of her life. In her soul, she knew it. Every fiber of her body tingled with the knowledge that she wouldn't see either of them alive again.