off of that spot. "Finally figured out the flaws in that plan, did ya?" he comments, and though normally I would roll my eyes I don't give him the satisfaction. "I want to start an uprising." I blurt out eventually, and at that Haymich stops in his tracks and takes my arm roughly in his hand, effectively stopping me and forcing me to turn and look at him. "What makes ya think that's a better idea?" he asks me. I would have thought that he'd make a joke out of it or something, but I can't find any laughter in Haymitch's expression. No sarcasm either. He's as serious as he can be. "If District 8 can do it, so can we." I inform him, thinking that he'll be surprised just like Gale was that there was an uprising there. But there's no indication of surprise from Haymitch about the news, telling what I think I suspected all along. Haymitch Abernathy plays up the drunkness so no one suspects that he knows far more than anyone thinks he does. "How do you know about that?" he questions me. "How do you?" I decide to demand instead of giving him an answer. Let him be impressed for once that I know something I shouldn't no matter how little it might be. Instead of informing me, we just stare at each other for a while until the moment has passed and we realize we're both too stubborn to deem the other with an answer. I wonder if he found out the same place I did-the Mayor's house. "We can't do it. We're too small and things are only going to get worse around here with Thread in charge." He predicts, letting go of my arm and walking again as I fall into step with him. "Won't people get angry if things get worse? It can fuel the fire!" I reply, to which Haymitch shakes his head. "Not everyone is like you. They'll be scared shitless, not angry." He retorts. "Then let's make them angry! Let's make them see the only way to change things is to do something about it!" I half yell, glad for the howling wind that will block my voice from anyone stupid enough to be out in this weather and hearing what I'm saying. Then I lower my voice to a normal level, sighing. "There must be a way." "Are you saying this because you don't want to get married or because you really want to end Snow's reign?" he asks me, and I look at him with a glare. "Snow." I declare, and while it's true with everything in me a small part of me realizes it's the only way to not marry Peeta since I've realized running away is not going to help, and we both know it. I can tell by the way he stares at me that he knows. "Even if it stops the marriage you can't be with him." He tells me almost quietly, voicing a truthful fear I didn't even want to admit to myself. Because we both know the him Haymitch referring to is not Peeta and I blush at the comment. The wind is actually helping me in that by giving me the excuse that my cheeks are only red because of the cold. Because he's right, and something in me hates him for it even though I can't think of that when I have a rebellion to insight. Even if we don't die in the process, the entirety of Panem would still believe Gale is my cousin. And while I don't particularly care what people think of me, it may harm my family and his if people think that. They may think I'm only trying to start an uprising for that purpose, not for Snow's tyranny to end. Not for justice. For…love. Why did everything have to get so complicated? I didn't even want any of that love stuff and that's my problem now. Maybe dying for the cause would solve my problems even if that's not the point. "I know." I tell Haymitch, looking him right in the eyes so he knows I'm telling the truth. "Please help me start an uprising. I know you know how." He sighs with acceptance or agreement, I don't really know, but I can feel a small satisfaction growing in me as I realize I might have won this fight. "It might not work." "It will." I forecast, though I really don't know if I believe that or not myself. The one thing I have going for me is that I'm willing to do just about anything to make sure it works. Determination can get you far, I've learned that over the years. It can help me here too. "Alright, I'll help you." He finally agrees, but holds up a finger to stop me from thanking him before I can say a word. "I just need to know one thing. How far are you willing to go for this to work?" "As far as I need to." I inform him, and when he studies me and sees no indication of lying in my voice or eyes he accepts my answer. "It's not going to be a pretty road, I'll tell you that. Once you start, just make sure you don't lose yourself in the process. We'll need you to be the Girl on Fire everyone loves." He warns me, and I nod. If it stops Snow…if it stops people from being whipped like Gale was yesterday, I'll do it. I'll do anything at all. And how hard can it be to not lose myself in the process? I didn't during the Hunger Games, I surely won't during an uprising in my own district. And even if a small sense is telling me not to think that way, a larger part is telling me that I can accomplish my goal with a rebellion here in District 12 and hopefully later on, Panem. "I won't."