sweater that highlights the broadness of his shoulders and the muscle definition in his arms. He combs another hand through his messy hair, and Katniss' eyes drop to the patch of skin now bare and on display just above his waistband. All defined and hard. Instinctively, she licks her lips in response. "Don't worry, the ink will come off after a few washes," Darius says, coming up behind Peeta and giving him a friendly slap on the shoulder. "Here's your beanie." Looking red-faced and embarrassed, Peeta holds out his hand to take the black knitted material, but before he does she notices the dark ink stains that Darius must have been talking about blemishing the tips of his fingers. They must have fingerprinted him. As Peeta heads in her direction, she feels her eyes begin to glaze over and a series of images materialise inside her head, like her brain is playing its own private movie. She recognises the two figures immediately - it's her and Peeta, and they're inside his jail cell, which is now bare and dirty. He's dressed in his black gear, except that his pants are hanging just below his hips and she's wrapped around him like a vine. With strength like Hercules he's holding her up against the grimy cell bars like she weighs nothing, and his ink-stained hands are running all over her body, leaving clear evidence of his explorations. He's looking at her with possessive and lust-filled eyes while his hips pound against hers hard and fast; his cock driving in and out of her pussy with a force she's never felt before. He huffs vulgar remarks into her ear about how wet she is and that he can't wait to fill her up. He demonstrates his power by sucking and biting her shoulder while she lets out little squeals of pleasure as he hits that amazing spot inside her over and over again. The hard outline of the bars feel so good against her back, and she hears the sound of voices approaching. They're going to get caught. With a series of heavy grunts, and the roughness of his hands pulling her hips towards his, he demands her to come on his cock – and now! "Hey," Peeta says, softly, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear and forcing her out of her erotic daydream. He gives her a hesitant but gentle smile. "Are you alright? You're breathing a little funny." Katniss' head snaps up, and she blinks her eyes a couple of time. "I'm fine," she manages to rasp out and to her surprise her voice has a husky quality to it. Her nipples have tightened considerably under her white t-shirt, and she's relieved she's wearing a padded bra to hide her desire from all the men in the room. She quickly places the mugshot into her purse and plasters a fake smile onto her face. "Let's go home." As he follows her out to the car, she feels like she's drifting, like her mind wants to take off again, so she uses all her strength and concentration to walk down the front path lined with beautifully-scented primroses. Through the haze, she can hear Peeta saying words like, "I'm so sorry I embarrassed you with all this - I'm so ashamed" and "I can sleep on the couch tonight if you're mad at me." She involuntarily shakes her head - her brain is not giving her a reprieve or the words to reply to him right now because it's too busy thinking about the vivid and stimulating images she's just had of them having hot and dirty sex in his cell. They'd lost their virginities to each other almost a year ago, and since then their sex life has always been enjoyable - sweet and passionate, but it's what her friend Jo would call ' vanilla' . Peeta has always been able to give her an orgasm, but the act has never been on the side of primal and raw, nothing like ripping each other's clothes off and fucking each other for the sake of fucking. And there is certainly never any dirty talk from either of them. They only stick to a couple of positions, and Peeta refuses to take her from behind. "You're not a dog, Katniss, and I'm not going to treat you like one," he told her one day. "I want to look into your eyes when we make love." But remembering the man in the mugshot and the carnal scene from her daydream, she knows something inside her has been unleashed, but she's not sure if she has the courage to share her thoughts and explore it - she finds it difficult to talk about sex, even with her husband. But she can't deny she loved the roughness and the wanton needs and demands coming from her husband's mouth in her daydream. Seeing the love of her life like that was such a huge turn on - it's like her brain has finally shared a long-awaited erotic secret with her, and the news has spread like wildfire, travelling down to her pussy and giving her core a delicious preview of what could await her. As they get into the car, Finnick starts talking to Peeta, but she doesn't comprehend much of their conversation because she's too focused on how wet her underwear is. She feels uncomfortable and squirms in her seat. She's never been a religious person, but if she was to step through the threshold of a church right now, she wonders if she would burst into flames. She overhears Peeta saying he can't wait to get home and have a shower. Silently agreeing with his statement, she thinks she could use one herself. She just prays that the spray of the icy cold water will shock her into forgetting about tonight's events and the images it invoked. There will be 2 more chapters. Feel free to come visit me on tumblr at peetaspikelets