and glancing down to shield the sheepishness in his eyes. "I'm tired, anyway. Sorry I startled you." "No, no! It's alright, son. I'm glad you're okay." Cole looked up again and offered a half-hearted smile. "Thanks, Dad." He turned around and shuffled with his balled-up sheets and out-of-place pillow, solemnly realizing how much the nightmare must have spooked him. He turned back to his dad as he crawled into bed. "Goodnigh…t?" But his dad was already gone. Normally, his edginess would grant him little shut-eye after a nightmare, extending to hours of nervous tossing and turning until only the weary grasp of insomnia could lull him to sleep. But tonight, his exhaustion prevailed and his fears were shelved. Cole yawned and rolled onto his side, realizing his light was still on. "Whatever," he muttered, dismissing the notion and lazily resting against the pillow. Slowly, he felt the deep tendrils of sleep grasp and overtake his consciousness. "Cole…" The boy jolted. He blinked open his eyes and lifted his head off the pillow. At his doorway, he saw no one. The light was turned off. Cole's thumping heartbeat made him tremble, as though the beating were magnified and had spread to every inch of his body. He laid his head down and stared disconcertedly at the blank ceiling. His palms were sweaty and shaking, so he brought them close to his chest as an act of protection. Then he clutched his eyes shut, forcing himself to find the sleep he desperately needed. "Cole…" The voice sounded closer now—hauntingly indistinct but clear at the same time. Cole didn't open his eyes. His mother's intuitive words replayed in his mind like a recording without end: "what you can't see, doesn't exist." " Cole!" His eyes shot open. He stared at the ceiling, a cold breath of air on his neck. What you can't see, doesn't exist. What you can't see, doesn't exist. But somewhere beyond his mother's words, beyond his own capacitance for disbelief, beyond the principles by which he lived his life and, by extension, had a feeble understanding of the universe around him, he knew that it existed . He turned his head. Floating across from him on the other side of the bed was that pair of black, white-rimmed eyes. " Cole!" the humanoid creature wailed, extending a writhing, bony arm and grabbing at the boy's shoulders. Before he could scramble away, the creature had pulled him close. Cole screamed, his wails answered with a howling, murderous screech that bellowed from the monster's razor-toothed, red-blotted maw. Cole smelled the scent of blood as his face scraped against the creature's sandpaper skin. It unhinged its jaw, revealing the soulless black hole that was its ever-hungry mouth. Cole tried to scream, but his voice was muted. He tried to push away, but his arms were numb. He wracked his clouded, hardly-functioning brain for some final insight—but he was left disappointed. He was going to die. "Ahhhh! Ahh! Ahh…!" Cole sprang up. He was in his bed, the last of his screams echoing off the walls as his body and mind adapted to this new, other-worldly scene. His blinked a few times, trying to adjust his eyes to the golden, glaring waterfall of sunlight that spilled through his bedroom window. His clock confirmed it was morning—much later than his normal waking hour. Cole's heart was still thumping by the time his body relaxed. "Woah …" he muttered, rubbing his groggy eyes. That inexplicable sense of a watching, unseen presence was gone, but he knew better than to trust his fallible perceptions. Almost impulsively, he tore the sheets off his bed to verify that he was truly alone. Cole breathed a long, remedial sigh of relief; there was no creature—just an empty space that looked surprisingly undisturbed. "Woah." This post-nightmare alleviation was something Cole had grown accustomed to. After sixteen years, it almost felt routine. The boy hopped out of bed in unusually good spirits. The prospect of not being eaten alive was probably to thank for that. Cole slipped off his pajama shorts and shirt, replacing them with a t-shirt and jeans, and lastly a pair of socks. It was a brutally warm summer day, but his bone-chilling nightmare had left him shivering in the real world, as well. He combed his short dirty-blonde hair for a brief second before recognizing the smell of his mother's cooking wafting from the kitchen to his bedroom. "Pancakes," he said under his breath, the word itself infusing him with immediate hunger. Cole took the opportunity to analyze his dream as he made the short trip to his kitchen. Certain parts of his nightmare—like that horrible creature—felt disturbingly familiar. A reoccurring dream? He had read about that kind of thing somewhere—probably at the school library. They were supposedly prophetic, he recalled, or instilled a cryptic, profound message. But what message? A conveyance of death? Cole frowned, perturbed that he was clinging to supernatural premonitions for answers. Maybe, hopefully , the article he had read was just the rambling of a naive, gullible weirdo. Cole shrugged it off as he met his sister walking up the stairs. "Hey Jade." He gave the black-haired girl a gentle smile. She patted her brother playfully on the back as she passed him. "Hey sleepyhead, breakfast's ready. You're running late." She sounded cheery as usual, but Cole sensed a hint of trepidation in her voice. "Late for…what?" he asked, genuinely confused. But as he watched her face grow pale and apprehensive, realization struck him. Like a pair of dying, unintelligible machines, the brother and sister fell despairingly quiet, devoid of life. "Oh…" was all Cole could mumble. And his good mood retracted, and with it the color from his face. Jade bit her lower lip. "The reapings." Author's Note: Please let me know what you think! In chapters to come I'll post "chapter questions" to help make reviewing more interesting, but for now I'm eager to see your tribute submissions! Thankyou! ~PisuLuckee