able to come to terms with the old and new District 12, even if I didn't live here anymore and I had no desire to move back. I could probably find a new life, build a new story with someone who was willing to move forward with me in spite of the mistakes I made in my past. But I'd never be able to accept the part of my past that had involved betraying her. I didn't run from my old home that time the way I'd done before. I stood there in the shadows of the house lining the old Victor's Village and stared blankly at those well-kept prim roses in Katniss' garden, even as the sun set and cast shadows over them and the family's home. Long after the dark had block my view of them, after the door had been opened for Butterscotch to come in and the family had clearly gone to bed, I slowly turned away from those flowers and left. The third time I really needed to see her, I knew I didn't have enough life left in me to try. The sickness that had been sweeping through and wiping out the city for the last week had made it's way to me quickly, and it had taken a couple short days for the fever and weakness to make movement, let alone traveling, impossible. I laid in the hospital bed listening to the steady beeping of the monitors around me, my eyes not seeing the sterile white walls and ceilings of the building, but instead looking at a beautiful meadow set somewhere far away, from a long time ago. I wasn't old yet, not really, but I had aged enough to recognize that I wasn't going to make it through this one. Everything hurt, even parts of me that I hadn't thought capable of causing me pain, like my nails and my hair. Every breath burned, and I thought briefly of calling out to a nurse, to see if I could at least leave Katniss a message, just something to tell her how much she had meant to me, how sorry I was for the pain I had caused her all those years before. I hadn't understood, in my anger and arrogance and power from my place in the rebellion, how ugly death could be. I saw it now in the packed and overflowing hospital, with my dignity completely gone and my life in constant danger. This must have been somewhat how Katniss had felt in that arena. This was why she'd been so reluctant to have that war, why she'd been so against the bombs I'd been eager to use against others. Death was terrifying, and I'd put her through more of it than necessary, without giving her the chance to get any closure. I had to apologize. But as I reached out to alert the nurse of my need for someone to write something for me, to pass on to Katniss before I passed on, a voice I hadn't heard in years snapped "Stop it." I froze, then let my hand drop to the cot below me, feeling the tears that had been choking my throat slip out between my eyelids and burn trails down my cheeks. The shock passed fairly quickly—Of course she'd be here, where else would I expect her. But the confusion caused by what she'd said meant I had to reply. "Why?" I asked, before it occurred to me just how pathetic and desperate I'd sounded. I strengthened my voice and tried again, asking "What harm could it do? I just wanted to say I was sorry." She sighed in that familiar and exasperated way, and the similarities were more striking in that moment than they had ever been before, so much so that I stopped speaking to listen. "You're thinking about yourself again, Gale: That's always been your problem," Prim told me, her face coming into focus as she reached forward to grab my hand. "She forgave you, to the extent that she could let go of her anger and move on, years ago. It's time to forgive yourself, so you can move on too." I saw that deer I had frightened away, the day of Katniss' first Reaping, and watched as it stared at me with wide brown eyes and darted away from us in fear. I saw those eyes become Katniss' frightened stare right after the Quarter Quell, before I'd kissed her with a desperation I hadn't realized I'd felt. I saw her take on that same desperation as she grieved for her sister, as the anger I'd been blinded by suddenly disappeared and my actions, and the consequences of those actions, became crystal clear. I saw braiding her daughter's hair, in front of those primroses. I watched the crease between her eyes smooth out even as her laugh lines deepened, as she smiled and followed her family into her home for the evening. Prim waited patiently at my bedside, her gaze as understanding then as it had been all those years before, and when the images in my mind faded and her face came back into view I understood. I took her hand as the years of pain and guilt loosened a knot I hadn't realized was there in my chest, and for the first time in what seemed like forever it was easy to breathe. The beeping of the monitors disappeared, replaced by the rustling of the leaves and branches around us, ( "Prim, in the forest," I heard her amused voice say, sarcastic ) and I finally acknowledged the role that Katniss had played, and would always play, in my life. My family stood waiting for Prim and I in the meadow ahead of me, the way I'd imagined they would back when I'd brought up running away all those years ago, and this time, unafraid and no longer tied down to a life I wasn't happy in, I went with them.