had never been interrupted. An hour later Katniss can see that the cowboy is in fine form. She has seen him work several times now, and she knows how his game is played. He comes into an establishment and spreads his charm and charisma around- buying rounds, telling stories about his past glories as a sharpshooter, about the riches he has won and the competitions he has taken. He works so skillfully and so subtly, planting the little nugget of hope within the men present as they get drunker and drunker, that they might have a taste of the same glory, that they might win the same bounties. And, of course, they could start by beating him in a shooting competition to be held the next day at dawn. It doesn't escape Katniss' notice that his skill with a pistol is only half of the equation. His skill at manipulating the crowd, bending them to his will without their knowing it's happening is equally important to his success as a sharpshooter. Katniss begins to wonder what the outcome would be if he had a challenger who actually understood his whole game. How would he react if the person he faced at dawn tomorrow morning actually had accuracy and skill to equal his own? What if his challenger was not someone who was just manipulated into thinking they had a chance, but was someone who actually did stand a chance? These are the thoughts that are going through her mind as he stands on a chair late into the night and declares, "Are any of you fine me here man enough to challenge me! A five dollar stake and I will give you 20 to one odds! Do I have any takers?" Several people in the crowd cheer and catcall, but nobody speaks up- five dollars is a lot of money, after all. "Come on," he declares with his irresistible smile stretching across his face, "you only put up five dollars and stand the chance to win one hundred! How can you afford not to take that bet?" To emphasize his point he pulls out a wad of bills from his pocket. It is clear to Katniss that actually seeing the large wad of cash in his hand is having the exact effect he knew it would have. The men in the crowd are envisioning themselves with that money. She can see several starting to vacillate, starting to consider the possibility that they could walk away from the challenge tomorrow ninety-five dollars richer. She doesn't know what possess her, but suddenly she is pushing her way through the crowd. As she goes the flashes of the fantasy she had about him earlier resurface in her mind. In flashes she sees his naked body as it appeared earlier in her mind's eye, then a vision of his lopsided grin and piercing blue gaze swims through her mind, and finally, she recalls him glancing at Rue as he declared that he and Cato had different notions of what's right. She doesn't even fully realize what she is doing as she approaches him. "I'll challenge you!" she declares once she is standing directly in front of the chair upon which he stands. Katniss can barely hear his response over the gasps and guffaws of the crowd upon hearing her proclamation. "You?" he asks incredulously, the arrogant set of his mouth stretching in delight. "That's right," she says, "me. I've got the money to pony up." "You're not exactly the kind of challenger I had in mind," he says with a chuckle. Katniss opens her mouth to retort, but is cut off by Johanna, "What, are you chicken, cowboy? You asked for a challenger and now you've got one." Katniss can see by Johanna's knowing grin that the other woman understands what is happening here. He hasn't taken his eyes off Katniss since she approached and they remain fixed on her now as he steps down off the chair, "Okay, darlin', if you wanna take me on, you got it." Katniss is torn between the desire to smack the cocky smile off of his face or kiss it off. "Just one other thing though," she says. His only response is a raised eyebrow, so she continues, "I don't want your money." "What?" he asks, confusion causing his arrogant expression to falter. "If you win, you get my money fair and square. But if I win, I want to name my forfeit after the competition," she states matter of factly. "What kind of dupe do ya take me for, darlin'?" he asks incredulously. "You could name anything. I'd be a fool to take that bet." "You'd only be a fool if you weren't sure you were gonna win. Are you that unsure of your ability to win that you can't take the risk on a woman challenger?" Now it's her turn to raise an eyebrow at him. "Fine," he states after taking a long pause to consider. "I accept." He holds out his hand to her, and she takes it in a firm handshake. Just as she is pulling her hand away, he clasps it harder, and raising it to his lips plants a gentle kiss to her knuckles. She yanks hard to pull her hand away blushing intensely. As she walks away she tries not to think about how soft and warm his lips felt on the skin of her hand, and tries not to wonder about what they would feel like elsewhere on her body. I hoped you liked part one! Don't forget there is going to be a second part which should be up in a couple of days, so make sure you add this story to your alerts if you want to see how it turns out ;) Also, let me know what you think about this story's potential as a multi-chapter work. I would love to hear what you think! So, please leave a review or find me on tumblr (plumgal1899)!