sifting his fingers through my hair to release it from the loose braid. I nod, slowly and silently, and he chuckles. "Good. Because I think I might die if I don't get inside of you right now." His words have the desired effect and I am roused back to the world of the living as I realize that, even though I've just had the most intense orgasm of my life, Peeta is probably still desperate for relief… And I desperately want to give it to him. I press my mouth to his again in a hard, closed kiss as I reach for his shirt and unceremoniously rip it over his head. I reach for his jeans next but he stops me, grabbing my hips instead and hoisting me so that I can wrap my legs around his waist. He carries me like this the short distance to the living room, kicking off his shoes as he goes, and tosses me onto the couch, not even making an attempt at being gentle about it. I am still bouncing from my fall as I prop myself up quickly so that by the time he is standing in front of me, I am right there, grappling with the fastening of his jeans and pulling his erection from his boxer briefs. I want my mouth on him so bad that I don't even think to ask permission, but he stops me with a gentle hand in my hair before I can do more than deliver a soft kiss to the tip. I look up questioningly and he gives me a sweeter version of 'the panty melter.' "God, you have no idea how bad I want that, but I want to fuck you right now and I won't last three seconds with your mouth around me." I didn't even know it was possible to be this excited, considering how hard I just came a few minutes ago, but I am totally lost to any sense of shame as I lay back on the couch and open my legs to Peeta in silent invitation. I don't miss the shiver that goes through him as he sheds his jeans and boxers the rest of the way. I quirk an eyebrow at him playfully as he, somewhat sheepishly, bends to retrieve a condom from the front pocket of his jeans. His smile seems way too shy for someone who is currently rolling on a condom, but it just acts to reaffirm all the reasons why I am here in the first place. He is so sexy and adorable, I didn't stand a chance against it. Our playfulness fades, however, as he lowers himself over me where I am reclined on the couch. He rolls his hips forward, letting me feel how hard he is and I moan, reaching between us to grab him and rubbing the head of his cock through my wetness a few times before positioning it at my entrance. Peeta needs no further invitation and he surges forward, filling me in one sharp thrust that pushes me along the length of the couch and forces a loud gasp from me. "Fuck… sorry," he murmurs into the skin of my neck, stilling to let me acclimate to his size. "It's okay," I tell him, running my hands along his back and raising my legs so that they are wrapped high around his waist. "It feels so good." When he still doesn't move for a second I bring my hands up to sift through his curls and let my lips rest against his ear as I whisper, "I love fucking. Remember?" My words work just as I'd hoped as he raises his head to look at me in surprise. I give him a wicked smile and he groans, burying his face back in my neck. "You are so fucking perfect." With that, he begins to move inside me and I can't even begin to understand how I went three years without this, but I know on some level it wouldn't be like this with anyone other than Peeta. The feeling of him moving in me, filling me, my walls tight and wet around him… it is all indescribably good. Suddenly he reaches behind him and grabs first one, then the other, of my hands from where they are positioned smoothing along the muscles of his back. He props himself up with his left elbow above my head, using the leverage of his position to pound into me harder and faster. He uses his other hand to pin both of my hands above my head to the arm of the couch. The combination of his harder thrusts and the thrill of having him hold me like this sends a thrill through me. It feels so right to be held by him like this, physically captive just as I have been held metaphorically captive since the first day I saw him. He meets my eyes directly as his hips begin slapping into mine with the increased force of his thrusts and I am so close I see every emotion I am feeling reflected back at me in his eyes. He is held totally in my thrall just as I am in his. "So fucking perfect," he repeats in a near growl, his eyes filled with lust and reverence and devotion. And that is all it takes. I come again, exploding around him in a wet rush and clenching walls and Peeta follows, his hand releasing my wrist to slide up and tangle with my fingers. He collapses on top of me and I bring my legs up to wrap all the way around his waist as I feel him softening inside me. I have no desire to move. No desire to be anywhere other than right here, tethered to this man. In case you are curious, Dao (the waitress' name) means peach blossom in Vietnamese. You can find me on tumblr at plumgal1899. Thank you so much for reading!