to get me out of the house?" "No, there is a party, and we are going right now. But later we'll go to this party," he says indicating his phone where the brunette entered her phone number. "Whatever, as long as it means we can get out of here," I say as I push off the wall. "Wait! Just a few more minutes! It's halftime, the dance team will be right here in front of us during halftime." "Ech, don't expect me to stand here with you. I'm going to go talk to Delly," I say as I begin walking away from him. I head over toward the west end of the field near the concession stands where tables are set up to promote various clubs. I walk to one decorated with a handmade poster board sign that says 'Like to Argue? Join the Debate Team!' where Delly Cartwright, one of the few people in school that I actually talk to, stands attempting to attract the attention of people passing by. "Katniss! How are you? I'm surprised to see you here!" Delly calls with a bright smile as I approach. "Hey, Delly. Yeah, Gale kinda dragged me here. How are you?" "I'm great! I actually got someone to sign up for debate, so I'm really great!" "That is great. Really great…" I say awkwardly. It has always struck me as particularly funny that Delly is the captain of the debate team, since she is pretty much the most agreeable person I have ever known. It's really hard to imagine her ever debating with anybody over anything. I could probably tell her that 'Delly' is not actually her name, and she would try to find some way to agree with me just to be nice. As she begins to respond to me her voice is drowned out as the entire crowd, both in the bleachers and standing around us at the concessions, erupts into a deafening roar. The game announcer is screaming over the sound system "TOUCHDOWN, MEADOWGLEN! NUMBER 74, PEETA MELLARK, GAINED 46 YARDS ON THAT PLAY FOR A COAL MINERS TOUCHDOWN!" Delly is jumping up and down and clapping as she screams, "Go Peeta!" Several people have bombarded the table where we are standing in an attempt to get to the fence, beyond which the only thing separating Delly's table from the end zone is the track. The band has struck up the school's fight song and the entire crowd around is singing along, screaming the words in my ear. I'm forced to turn towards the field as I am jostled by the raucous crowd. I don't know how I know it, but I am certain that as soon as I glance toward the field I will see his blue eyes on me. Somehow I can just feel that Peeta Mellark, the darling of Meadowglen High School- star running back, senior class president, state championship wrestler- will have his clear blue eyes resting squarely on me. As I look toward him I see that the entire team has now gathered, slapping Peeta's pads and jumping on his back. Despite this- and despite my being swallowed up in the middle of a disorderly mob- I'm not wrong. He has pulled his helmet off and is looking directly at me. As I meet his clear blue gaze, my stomach drops to my feet. I don't understand how he does this. Why do I always find him staring at me, and why does it always make me feel so… so… anxious? His messy blond curls are soaked with sweat, sticking up every which way and plastered to his forehead. He's wearing a lopsided grin that reveals his even white teeth as he distractedly accepts the congratulations from his teammates. It's clear that he really isn't paying any attention to them however, because his attention is focused right on me. I want to look away, normally when I catch him staring at me I am the first to look away, but tonight I can't seem to. He just looks delicious and I just feel- I don't know- scared and excited and annoyed and giddy and tingly all over. Finally, after what feels like forever, Peeta breaks the trance I'm under when his teammates begin pushing him back towards the sideline. I am left totally bewildered as the crowd around me begins to dissipate and head back toward the concession stands as halftime begins. What the hell just happened? I can't explain my reaction. It's not the first time I have caught Peeta Mellark staring at me, and every time leaves me feeling… funny… but I have never felt quite this shaken before. I usually just assume that I imagined it- that he was looking at someone standing behind me- but somehow I know deep down that that is not the case. I have felt all night like something big was going to happen and now it has. I feel pretty certain that after whatever the hell that was, I'm not going to be able to ignore this weird connection that seems to exist between me and Peeta Mellark. And that scares the shit out of me. Suddenly I am overwhelmed with the need to get out of here. Now. I pull my phone out and text Gale to tell him that I will meet him at the truck. A distracted wave is the only goodbye Delly gets from me before I am making a beeline toward the exit. I know, I know, we want more Peeta. Don't worry, he's coming. This story will be full of more delicious sweaty Everlark goodness! I also plan to write from his POV so that we can get inside his delightful mind. Thanks again for reading! Don't forget to leave a review. I would like to think that I have good Review Karma since I always leave reviews when I read you-all's lovely work. Also, I apologize for typos. I am terrible with proof reading (too impatient).