I want to hear you say it." I slip my index finger inside of her to feel her tight wet grip. She can't stop the moan that rises out of her throat. "Yes!" she exclaims, "I'm yours, Peeta! I will only ever be yours!" Her impassioned cry ends with a whimper as I slip a second finger inside of her. She is pushing her hips up in shallow nudges, clearly trying to encourage me to move my fingers in and out. "And I'm yours," I whisper into the skin of her inner thigh. "It's just you and me, Katniss. Always." She nods her head whimpering as I begin to thrust my fingers softly. She is so wet that soon my palm and the back of my hand are covered in her arousal. "You need to trust me completely." "I do!" she cries between gasping breaths. I pull my fingers out of her and say, "Look at me, Katniss." When she has complied I hold her gaze directly as I slip my index and middle fingers that are still wet from her body into my mouth and suck every last drop of her off of them. Her eyes widen as she watches me, unadulterated lust evident in them. I can't control the low groan that builds in my chest and escapes me as I finally taste her for the first time. Pulling my fingers out I say, "Then will you let me do what I want to do?" and she doesn't even hesitate before she nods her assent this time. I need no further invitation and, pressing both of my hands to the insides of her upper thighs to spread them wide, lower my head to her center. I press my tongue between her folds and run it up and down a few times letting her completely fill my senses- the taste of her filling my mouth, totally immersed in the tangy scent of her arousal, feeling her heat and moisture coating my nose and chin, hearing her moans mingled with the wet sound of my mouth working on her, and taking in the sight of her flushed skin, of her beautiful face contorted in passion. She is so close by the time I actually take her clit into my mouth to suck gently, that it only takes a few moments before she comes hard around my mouth. I stay with her until she comes down form her climax, lowering my mouth every now and then to lap at the moisture seeping from her core. She is as limp as a wet rag when I finally rise up to settle myself on top of her. "Are you okay?" I whisper. She cracks her eyes open and nods at me slowly and then surprises me by gripping the back of my neck to pull my face to hers for a hard kiss. I realize that this is the first time we have kissed in several days. I moan into her mouth letting her sweep her tongue into mine, tasting herself vicariously through me. When we break away to take a breath I put my hand to her face to make sure she is looking directly at me and say, "I love you so much, Katniss. Don't ever doubt that I want you ever again." She presses another kiss to my lips and then captures my lower lip in a soft bite before she responds, "Don't you ever doubt that you are the only man I will ever want." After that we don't speak again as I push myself up to kneel between her legs and wrap my arms around the backs of her thighs, pressing her legs up toward her abdomen so that she is more open to me than she has ever been. I prop my arms on either side of her chest so that they hold her legs in place as I slip into her and thrust hard. She is still so wet and getting wetter that I glide smoothly, farther inside her than I have ever been before. She moans loudly and it could easily be from either pleasure at being so full or distressed at being so stretched. I hold still to let her adjust to the feeling, but soon she is trying to thrust her hips upward so I take over again. Being with her like this again- it is like balance has been restored to my universe. I thrust into her steadily, pushing hard to satisfy the lingering need to mark her as mine. Soon her loud moans transform into her screaming my name over and over, "Peeta! Peeta! Peeta! Oh fuck! Peeta!" and then she dissolves into keening cries as she comes again. The feeling of her walls contracting around me and the moisture form her orgasm flooding over me is all it takes for me to follow her, my mouth gaping in a silent cry as spill myself inside her. We lay together in the aftermath, both of us too exhausted to even care that we are laying in the wet mess we have made. She begins shivering as the perspiration on our skin cools and I finally maneuver to pull the comforter up over us. Katniss curls tightly into my side as she nods off and I hear her whisper into the skin of my chest, repeating what I told her earlier, "Just you and me, Peeta. Always." A small smile lingers on my face as I begin to drift off as well. I think tomorrow I will tell Gale it's about time he gets on a train and carries his ass back to District Two. Hope you enjoyed! If you liked this you can check out my other one-shot, A Change of Hear,t or my multi-chapter WIP, When You Were Young. I am on tumblr (plumgal1899) where I post Everlark drabbles and Everlark artwork if you are interested in checking that out. Thanks for reading. I'd love to hear what you thought!