my sister. She was the Capitol's Tribute, now. "District Three is technology and things," I said, my voice too even to be considered normal anymore. "She was really smart - top of her class. She fixed things quickly and was liked by everyone in her District. She had a boyfriend, her neighbor since birth. They were best friends when they were little. On her twelfth birthday he kissed her - gently because it was her first kiss. His too. They've been together ever since." Ally laid her head on my shoulder. I wanted to push her off. "Go on." She told me. "She was sixteen, just turned so last month. He cried when she was reaped. No one volunteered, not even her eighteen year old sister. He proposed to her when saying goodbye and she promised to come home and be his." "She didn't make it home, though." "No. And he'll kill himself one day. Maybe after he marries her sister, the one that didn't volunteer. They'll have a few children, name one after her. She'll be reaped like her aunt did and then he'll commit suicide because what's the point anymore?" I continued. There was three people remaining - I couldn't remember how many days I'd spent in that arena. Ally was weak. She'd killed District Four boy. He took out one of her eyes before she gutted him. All that was left was me, Ally and District Four girl. I wasn't scared. I was tired. I wanted to die. I hadn't slept a wink in the past three days. "Ally?" I asked, my voice raw. They drained all the streams before we had woken up. The Gamemakers planned on that being the last day - definitely. "Hush." She replied sharply, spinning to face me and holding her spear to my throat. I didn't even blink. She had been more temperamental the last few hours, I had noticed. I had wondered if that meant she would kill me after the District Four girl was gone. "Well well well, looky what I found. Did I interrupt?" She shouldn't have even said anything. Ally threw her ax at the girl's head without even batting her eye - hitting her right between the eyes. She turned and continued walking without a second thought. The gong sounded. "One last story, Little Brother." Ally grinned as we walked to the cornucopia. I wished she didn't call me that. I wasn't her brother any longer. She wasn't my sister. We weren't anything but the last two in the Games. "One last story." I agreed. Then thought. "She was an average child growing up. She had a mom, dad, little sister and a little brother. Her little sister was about two years younger than her. Her little brother was only a toddler, he probably won't remember her in a few years." "Pity." "She was into things that Career Tributes saw weird - reading, poetry, the future. Her mother will shut down, just staring out windows and remembering how she would run around their yard and wait for her father to return home from the shipyard. Her father will turn to alcohol, probably kill himself with poisoning in a few years. Her sister will try to forget her, but end up volunteering in a few years just so she could avenge her sister. The little brother will feel neglected and turn into an anti-social freak. He'll get married eventually and end up abusive, not that anyone care-" Ally cut me off there, lodging the spear into her stomach. I watched with indifferent eyes for twenty minutes while she bled out. The gong sounded. I. Did. Not. Cry. Johanna was there, in the hovercraft. Waiting for me. I was fine. I had two cuts on my face and a sprained ankle. I was dehydrated and underweight. The doctors left us alone. It was only when the doors were firmly shut did I finally cry - falling to my knees and hugging her waist. I had buried my face in her stomach and she played with my hair. I didn't talk, neither did she. My breathing was irregular and my sobs were hard, racking my entire body and jolting her around. I don't think she minded much. At least she hadn't made me stop. She only held me, whispering soothing words that only a Victor could whisper because really, only a Victor knew . I didn't cry after that. I didn't find reason to need too. I made it through the Recap. Caesar tried to ask me questions, but I didn't answer. I made the crowd uneasy. I made everyone uneasy. I wasn't myself, anymore. I wasn't anyone. I wasn't even really there but they couldn't do anything about it. It was on the train ride home that I finally spoke for the first time since out of the arena. I was sitting on a plush couch, my legs crossed with her sitting in my lap. I didn't let her go when she tried to move. She didn't blame me. "I wasn't made for this." I croaked. "Neither was I." She responded. District Seven was the same as it was when I left. Everyone cheered and smiled at me because now they had two Victors come home within the span of four years. That only happened to Career Districts. I rejected the District, walking to the Victor Village and ignoring the cameras. I had hoped Snow would have killed me for it. Sadly, he didn't. She followed behind me, leaving Blight and Enote to deal with the District and cameras. I let her. We laid down together and it was only then that I realized I didn't belong to the Capitol like every other Victor. I belonged to her. Johanna Mason. The reason I was still me. I cried again. She let me. "Who am I?" I asked her the day before the Victory Tour. She didn't answer because she didn't know. An I was oddly okay with that.