understand is that I need her like I need air to breathe. But time isn't ours, and the bride is expected downstairs to make her rounds before the honeymoon getaway, even if my presence can go overlooked. What we began slow and sweet is now fast and hard. Our skin slides against the other, slick from the exertion. As I look up at her, I am in awe of how incredibly beautiful she looks in such a raw moment. Her screams of pleasure are bounding off the walls and branding themselves in my soul. We reach for the stars together and in each other's arms find our way back to solid ground. "I love you." She says, as she lies over my chest, exhausted and out of breath. "I will always, love you!" A tear rolls down her cheek, while others threaten to spill. "Hey, hey, hey," I say. "…none of that. This is a happy day and a blotchy bride will not do!" She chuckles but in her eyes there is an emotion I am sure would mirror my own if I wasn't so adept at keeping a neutral mask. We clean up and dress once more. It takes her a bit longer. Why bridal gowns are so complicated is beyond me. When we are ready to leave the suite, she looks refreshed and radiant. Not a hair out of place. I give her a chaste kiss on the forehead. We enter the ballroom separately as to not arouse any sort of suspicion. The party continues as if our absence never occurred. And we find ourselves in the middle of a dance enjoying each other's company, when the band leader announces it is time for the bride and groom to leave. People turn and clap and I smile at the beautiful woman in my arms. She looks at me with despair in her eyes. I know she's afraid. This next adventure is a big one and all I can do to comfort her at the moment is kiss her forehead and whisper in her ear. "You'll be alright." Her husband walks up to us and asks for her hand as I take a step back. "Peeta…" she turns to me. I chuckle to play off her nerves for not wanting to let me go. I turn to her husband as I give her a friendly hug. "She's nervous. My little girl is having separation anxiety, this will be our first time apart. Be gentle." He laughs taking her in his arms. She offers him a weak smile and turns to me mouthing " good-bye." "Katniss" I call out to her as she turns to leave. "Bring me back a souvenir. I'll be here when you return. Always." Her eyes tear up at the sound of our promise. Always . I give her the biggest smile I could muster and wave to the happy couple as the rest of the guests clap or blow bubbles. I'd like to say my heart is breaking as I see the groom's car pull away but that would be impossible. I don't have a heart, she took that with her. Katniss was the most beautiful bride I have ever seen or ever will see. The thing is, she isn't my bride. If love was enough to make the world go round, then it would be me driving away with her in that car. We tried, time and time again we tried, but reality set out to prove that we could not be. It's not that we didn't function as a couple, it actually isn't even about us . Yet, too many things, too many people, too many situations are keeping us apart. I'm not saying that giving her up was the easiest thing I've ever done. When things started to turn in this direction I was angry and hurt and disappointed in myself for not being able to give Katniss everything and anything she needed. God only knows how may times I've wanted to punch her husband's stupid smirk off his face. The arrogant bastard. That idiot doesn't deserve her, even though he is potentially what's best for her, now. I know (because subtle about his feelings he is not, and oblivious to his hidden messages I am not, another gift for which I should thank my abusive mother), that he wishes I wasn't around, even though he thinks I am the brother she never had and always wanted. There is something about him that I don't really trust and there's a manipulative vibe that keeps coming off of him. Katniss never picked up on it, but if he had his way with all the wedding planning what is she to expect on a more intimate, everyday level? Not that it matters, she will always have me in the wings to fend for her. In the meantime I have the satisfaction of knowing that his wedding night was mine, that his wife was and always will be mine and that what happened earlier will probably happen again no matter how much Katniss tries to deny herself. She needs me as much as I need her and although it is not an ideal situation and I hate that our love story is reduced to me being the other person, I have to trust our love. I have to trust her and I have to believe that she will always find her way back to me, and sadly remind myself that we're star-crossed lovers, soul mates, destined to fight their way back to bliss. I hate having to let her go. I see red knowing that even though she will work her way around him tonight, she will eventually be in his arms. She should be with me. But she can't. So today, as her best friend that I technically am, I swallowed my pride, held back my anger, reigned in my love and walked down the aisle to give my Katniss away to another man.