Listen to your heart and trust it. Those were Portia's last words to him, trying to convince him to trust nobody. While his mind wants to reject the thought, something in his heart holds tight to the idea of trusting. Then there is the crazy beating of his heart every time she looks at him. That is fear, right? Those silver eyes that are not glossy and cold like he thought he remembered them, but warm and clear that he feels like he could get lost in their depths. It has to be fear just like the pitter patter in his stomach when he hears her voice. What is completely inexplicable is the need he has developed for her to touch him. He can't forget the feeling of her fingers massaging his hands while she was tending to his wrist wounds. Her touch was so soft, almost tender and sweet. Then there is the way his breathing seemed to speed up when she's adjusting his handcuffs right before they turned in for the night. She was just so close, he could smell her, feel the heat of her skin. It seemed familiar and comfortable, and instead of feeling scared it brought him peace. When she moved away the absence of her body heat brought forth a chill that was overwhelming making him yearn for her proximity even more. Then there was this need to protect her. If she was the enemy as it was so brutally instilled into him, then why did he need to protect her to the excruciating point of putting himself in danger? While they were in the sewers, he could have left her there when she tried going after Finnick. The mutt was closing in on Katniss, about to pull at her foot and she was so distraught by Finnick's demise that she didn't even notice it until Peeta pulled her away and forced her up the ladder. Always . Why did he tell her he'd always stay with her when she asked him? Why did she kiss him and more importantly, why did he like that she did? Her lips could be laced with venom for all he knew. Yet they were so soft and warm and familiar ? Tomorrow the group was parting ways going in different directions to divert the attention from them. They were enemy number one and the crowd was going crazy. It was only obvious that Katniss would pair up with Gale in order to complete their mission of reaching the President's mansion. Gale was not only one of the best rebel soldiers; he was an excellent marksman, the best candidate to have the Mockingjays back. Plus, he had as much desire to protect her and keep her alive, if not more than, anyone else in the Rebellion. Yet, Peeta couldn't hold back the sudden jealousy and feeling of helplessness. He had very little combat training back in 13 and had never been much of a shot. Besides, there was always the fear that he might be triggered into an episode and turn on Katniss, the closer they came to the mansion. Peeta knew he represented a threat and had to be kept at bay, they were so close to ending this whole war. He inexplicably felt jealous, but he understood. So here he found himself, waiting for the daylight to come and say goodbye to this girl that both intrigues and fascinates him. As he stares at her face, relaxed by sleep, he can't help thinking how beautiful she is. How could he ever think she was less than pretty? That had to have been the anger speaking for all the torture he endured while being held prisoner. He had thought her partly responsible for his capture at that moment. Now, he's not really sure anymore, not that he really cares. All he wants to do is walk over to her and hold her close for these last few hours before the sun begins to rise and they each part ways. A lonely tear runs down his face. How odd. Why would he cry for this person that makes him fear for his life? Yet, with an assurance that is so rare in him these days, his heart tells him it isn't fear but sadness. A sadness that makes his body ache and yearn for things he wasn't sure he ever had; sadness for not having the time to sit her down and just talk. Have her help him decipher all the confusion when it comes to memories of her, of them , which inexplicably are only of their time together in the games. Lately he has been having flashbacks of his childhood in 12 that are not shiny or terrifying and keep getting clearer with each passing day. Warm memories of his brothers and the bakery his family shared. Cold memories of the mother that never seemed to smile and was so consumed by bitterness. Then there are those memories of a pretty young girl and her baby sister walking by a bakery window and stopping to admire the pretty cakes, cakes that he took so much pride in decorating knowing she would come by and look at them. Those memories feel like hope . He sits and looks at her, absorbing as much as he can from these last glances. Tomorrow he will let her go, perhaps to never see her again. This was finally the end of the Star-crossed Lovers from 12. Any one of them could die at any given moment. The danger is imminent but the risk must be taken in order to put an end to the oppression that is the true culprit for the pain they must endure. Their sacrifice is so that future generations may have the freedom to love and live openly and freely without the fear of reaping's or starvation. Tomorrow. Tomorrow, when the sun comes up, they will leave and this last glance will then be just memories.