hard stare while pursing her lips. Eventually, she just sighs and clasps her hands together. "Miss Undersee," She says quietly, "You may go now." "But-" I begin, trying to save myself from whatever trouble I've gotten into. "No." She cuts in. "Just go. Please." A lump forms in my throat. I stand to my feet and head for the door. My bare feet suddenly feel so naked and my ripped dress and messy hair no longer feel like a statement, just an embarrassment. I make a dash out of the building, wiping tears out of my eyes as I race back home. I am surrounded by a pile of blankets on my bed and a cup of hot tea is in my hand. Donner sits across from me on the plush sofa in my bedroom. The television is on as the tributes for the games are about to be announced. I keep my eyes on the floor. Donner hasn't said a word since he handed me my tea and neither have I. After an eternity of silence, I look up at him. My voice sounds hoarse when I finally do speak. "I don't know what's going to happen to me." He looks up, his eyes wide and curious. "I'll protect you, Madge. I'll always protect you." I shake my head quickly. "You can't, Donner. This is out of your control. There's a reason girls don't speak up about their hatred of the games. It can get you killed. You really think they will let me get away with this?" Donner jumps to his feet. He starts pacing the room. Back and forth. Back and forth. He runs his fingers through his thick hair out of worry. "Maybe they will overlook it, Madge. Maybe you're making a big deal out of nothing." "She didn't even finish my interview, Donner. She just kicked me out!" I practically cry. I set my tea down on my end table before I spill it. I am much too worked up for tea at this point, anyway. "Madge, it doesn't matter, okay? I am not going to let anybody hurt you! I can't… I can't lose you! You are the most important person to me now. You're…you're my everything, Madge." He says with desperation. We stare at each other, caught between love and lust and wondering just how blurry the line has become. We've stolen kisses in closets and dark rooms, we laughed until we've cried over nothing at all, we've formed a friendship, a bond. But yet, deep down in the very depths of my being, I wonder. I wonder if all of this right. If all of this is meant to be. "And now… for the announcement you've all been waiting for! The twelve girls who will be competing in this year's Princess Games for the District 12 kingdom!" Our heads snap to the TV. I jump off my bed, blankets falling to the ground. I move closer to the TV on my wall, my hand to my mouth. I am going to throw up. I am going to be sick. I cannot possibly do this. The first few names are of girls I don't recognize. It's very possible they live on the opposite side of the district. The next name makes my ears perk up. "Katniss Everdeen!" I know her. She goes to my school. We've shared a few classes. We've even talked to each other on occasion. I like her because she understands and appreciates the quiet. I turn to Donner, confused. "She is not the type of girl they normally pick for the games." I say. He shrugs. "Maybe they're branching out this year. Trying to get different types of girls." The list of names drones on. Somebody named Glimmer, a girl whom I recognize from school named Clove, and a pretty girl named Annie. There is seven girls total now. Only five more. A few other names get rattled off. Delly Cartwright, who I know from town, and a feisty looking girl named Johanna. I am just about to turn away from the TV when it happens. "Madge Undersee!" I enhale a sharp breath. My heart drops. I am frozen. I don't move. I don't blink. I am paralyzed. What? This doesn't make any sense. I bad mouthed the entire nation. Why would they put me in the Princess Games? These games are considered a privilege, not a punishment. They always choose the most proper girls, the girls who have nothing but lovely things to say about Panem and the potential to become Princess. They don't choose the girls who blatantly speak of their complete and utter distaste for the games and Panem. Donner's hand finds my shoulder from behind me. I slowly spin around, the tears already threatening to fall. I didn't think they would choose me. Not after what happened in my interview. I thought the last thing they would do with a girl like me was put me in the games. Donner's face is unreadable. He just stares at me, swallowing what I assume is the same lump I have in my own throat. The TV rambles on and on about how we are all to report to the justice building first thing in the morning. We will be escorted to District 12's castle, where the games will take place. I don't hear any of the details, however. My ears are pounding. "Madge?" I faintly hear Donner say. I blink and meet his gaze. He grabs my shoulders tightly. "Madge, you're going into the games." I'm going into the games. The Princess Games. A/N: So this is definitely AU and all your favorite female characters are now aged 16-18 and from District 12. The Princess Games are much less violent than the Hunger Games but they will be just as entertaining. Please let me know what you thought! P.S- I have one final chapter of BTL and I will post it soon. I haven't abandoned it yet!