giving it another thought, he toed off his shoes and peeled off his sweat-soaked shirt that clung to his back like a second skin. He made quick work of stripping down to his boxers but decided to leave them on. Public nudity wasn't something he had an urge it indulge in. The creek was cool and refreshing and just what he needed. A satisfied groan rumbled through his chest as he lowered his body into the chilly confines of the water; the uneven surface of the creek bed felt surprisingly good against the muscles of his backside. His eyes fell shut as he leaned back, completely submerging himself, except for his face, and stretching out his limbs. The flowing water was more than effective at washing away the dirt and sweat, not to mention the tension from his muscles. As he lie there, limbs floating freely in the wake of the current, he couldn't help but relish in the way the flowing water felt against his cock. Despite the chilling effect of the water, the movement of the current was strangely erotic. And once coupled with the image of Katniss's face at breakfast that morning when she was toying seductively at her lip (unintentionally or not), well…it was a full blown recipe for disaster. Peeta reached over and shifted the fabric of his boxers away from his already semi-hard state. God, what was wrong with him? He'd only known her for a day and here he was, already fantasizing about her while sitting half-naked out in the open. He lifted his head up and shook the water from his hair, but an unexpected crack of a branch breaking caused his eyes to shoot open. He looked around but there was nothing there. Then it was there again, another crack of a branch, but this time he realized the sound was coming from up above. He peered up and to his surprise, there was Katniss perched up on an overhanging branch with her bare tanned legs dangling in the air. "Oh, shit," he hissed as he scrambled to his feet. His heart beat wildly as he stood there, arms hanging boneless at his sides and chest heaving from the sudden start. He stared up at those persistently judgmental eyes, wondering what in the hell she was doing up there. But try as he might, he couldn't keep his eyes off the rest of her, shamelessly letting them roam over her body. Her shirt from that morning was slung over the branch next to her, leaving her in what he thought could have passed as a bikini top, but was most likely her bra. Instead of jeans, she was now in shorts that rode high up her well toned thighs, but from his vantage point on the ground, it was almost as if she wasn't wearing them at all. Damn her, he though, tugging his lip between his teeth in an attempt to tear his eyes away from her. And damn her smoking hot body. But more importantly, what was she doing there? Had she been checking up on him? Hidden away in the trees all morning just waiting to see how he fared on his first day? Yeah right, that was giving himself too much credit. She'd made it blatantly clear that she couldn't give two shits about him. But it both surprised and confused him when she made no effort to move or cover herself up, but maybe this was all part of her game. Her game of making him feel uncomfortable every chance she got and send him home packing, proving to her dad that his being there was a mistake. Well, if she thought he'd break that easily, then she had another thing coming. When she quirked an eyebrow at him—a challenge, if he wasn't mistaken—her gaze dropped to his groin, which finally caused him to come to his senses. His hands shot out to cover his privates, but the realization hit him too late that he was on full display thanks to his soaking wet boxers. God damn cold water , he thought as her eyes finally shifted back up to his face and the corner of her mouth twitched. Was she…smirking at him? His face was burning, not from the heat of the day but rather from complete mortification. He looked down to his feet and dug his toes into the pebbles, hoping to root himself in place and keep from crumpling to his knees in embarrassment. How was he ever going to look her straight in the face again? A quiet thump indicated that she'd left her perch from the tree branch and he ventured a quick glance to make sure. He zeroed in on the swig of her hips as she sauntered off, shirt slung over her shoulder, and cursed quietly to himself when he felt his cock twitch against his thigh. But just before she disappeared behind the cover of a tree trunk, she tilted her head over her shoulder and he swore he saw the upturned corner of her mouth. Fuck. It was going to be a long summer. Author's Note: So, this started off as a one-shot birthday present for my dear friend and beta Court81981 , but of course it got out of hand and will be posted as a three part fic. Court is an amazing writer and such an inspiration and all round great cheerleader to us other authors, if you haven't already, I would suggest you read all her stories and of course, send her a PM on her special day! Big thanks to sunfishdunes for stepping up the plate and betaing this for me last minute, she's another author I would highly recommend you check out! Hope you enjoyed Part 1 and I'd love to hear your thoughts. As always, inspiration (and title) can be credited to Rodney Atkin's "Farmer's Daughter", I have a country problem, what can I say :P Follow me on tumblr: Pookieh