off his tongue and he made the mental note to never use it again. "How about simply telling him the truth?" she asked, crossing her arms. "He deserves it." "Sure he does. But you can't say it would do him any good right now. Or ever." He had a point. "No, I guess it wouldn't," she said softly. They watched the pathetic mass of children gathered in front of Snow's mansion literally burst into flames. Somehow, the whole thing was being recorded and sent to their screens in Thirteen. "Gale and Beetee sure know what they're doing," Peeta merely commented. "How awful," Prim whispered. "I wished I was there. I could have helped. I'm useless here." Peeta was glad she wasn't, however. She would never have made it out alive. The day of Snow's execution, Gale came to see him. They sat side by side, and for a long time, neither of them said anything. Finally, Gale spoke: "It would have been you. It's been you all along." "You don't know that." Peeta didn't need to ask what he was talking about. "I do. I have no idea why it seems so obvious now. Maybe because she's gone, I can see… you and her… it would have ended up that way eventually." "Does it really matter now?" Peeta asked in a strained voice. "I'm just glad I got my answer, even though I will never hear it from her." Gale looked like life had been drained out of him, and Peeta had nothing to say to him. That happened a lot lately. Coin made them vote for another edition of the Hunger Games. The remaining Victors gathered in a room and had to say whether or not they liked the idea of killing more children. Peeta tried to wrap his mind around the fact that, after having won the War, after having defeated the Capitol, the Games still lingered around. It would have been hard to even if his mind had still been intact. This was not what Katniss had died for. Even if the circumstances of it were still blurry (he tried so hard to remember). The majority had voted against it (Annie, Beetee, Haymitch and himself), so those Games wouldn't take place. But Peeta had caught on Coin's face a look of sheer displeasure at the rejection of her brilliant idea. He wondered what else she'd come up with now that she had the entire country in her hands. He tried to focus. He had to do something. Which was how he found himself rising from his seat. He found himself addressing the entire population who had come to watch Snow's execution. He sensed the old Peeta rise in him. That guy didn't have any trouble making speeches and manipulating words. He would know how to do this, so the current Peeta let him, feeling it would be the last time he would ever show up. Loud and clear, Peeta wondered if Alma Coin's position as the new president of Panem was entirely legitimate. Who had decided to put her there? He certainly hadn't. It wasn't that she would not make a good leader, because, really, the way Thirteen had been able to survive all these years plainly proved that she was. But what if someone were even more suited for this role? What if Panem deprived itself of a great leader because no one had taken time to decide who they wanted that person to be? Wasn't this whole democracy thing about people making choices for themselves? "I think about Katniss every day," he went on, "and I know she didn't fight for you to fall back into apathy once the War is over. It's not enough that we destroyed. We have to built back now." Coin should have remembered she wasn't the only one capable of manipulation. And besides, Peeta hadn't lied on that last point. Katniss would definitely have done something to stop Coin. Only he had the feeling she'd have come up with something a lot more radical. Days and months and years pass before the day Prim foreshadowed comes. Peeta wanders about the Meadow. Haymitch sits somewhere behind him and drinks, as he often does. They have fallen into the wordless understanding that has developed between them over years of silence. Neither of them wants to acknowledge the fact that there should be someone else by their side. Someone else whose absence is so striking it becomes almost physically tangible. Though they don't talk about it, they're always thinking of it. It suddenly occurs to Peeta that he is walking on his father's grave. And mother's. And brothers'. And something about this morbid realization brings another one into his mind. Peeta doesn't know what could have been. How could he? He has no way of knowing that, on this very day, had things turned out differently, he could be watching his children run around, the girl dancing among the dandelions and the boy trying to keep up with her. He has no way of knowing that, had someone been with them when they saw each other for the last time, that time wouldn't have been the last, and Katniss Everdeen would be standing at his side right now. He has no way of knowing they'd both be broken beyond repair, but would manage to be happy somehow, and their children would grow up in a world very similar to the one she'd once sang about to a dying girl. If only someone had been there in time to tear his hand off her neck. He has no way of knowing any of this, and I think we can safely assume it's better that way. However, there is something else he does know. Slowly, he turns to Haymitch. "It was me, wasn't it? I did it." Haymitch doesn't say anything, though Peeta can tell he knows very well what he's talking about. His voice grows cold. "I killed Katniss Everdeen, real or not real?"