faster and better than anyone I've ever known" She just glanced at Cashel and the other careers. And i understood. She wanted to be a career too. "Okay now go" I said,"But be careful!" I took the flora-and-fauna class, and it taught me a lot about what things are venomous and what possible mutts could be lurking in the arena. The most frightening ones were Tracker Jackers and the Snakes. Not just any snakes, real Snakes. Snakes were snakes, but spelled with a capital S. And they had wings like bats. I also learned how to make a fire that day. At diner, Nemesis asked us if we had found any allies. I told the I hadn't, but that Ryles was making friends with the careers. I just slept afterwards until the time was ready for another day of Training. I met up with Ryles around noon. I told her I had taken all survival classes and asked her what she has been doing. She told me that she had a certain place in the career pack, and that if I could convince them, I could joined them too. I told her to take the Flora-and-Fauna class and she did. I was practicing my spear-throwing skills, when I noticed Floria and Caia looking at me. So I went into a simulation room to show them my skills. There were two sim-guys running towards me and one was standing right behind me. I swung my spear above my head, to the side, turned around and stuck the end of it in the guts of the man behind me. Just in time I turned around again and stuck the point in the stomach of the closest man. I pulled it out and threw it inside the guy running to me. The sim ended and I saw all of the careers applauding me. Floria came to me. She was smiling. God she was pretty. Her lips were bright pink, even though she wasn't wearing lipstick. She put her encapsuled katana on my left shoulder, and then on my right. And she told my I am now an official career-member. The career pack consisted Floria, Cashel, Caia, Bryonn, Ryles and me. I asked them if they could show me their 'skills'. Caia used a katana and was incredibly fast. Cashel used throwing knives and could hit a mannequin from almost 100 meters away. Caia did the same, but with a bow and arrow. Bryonn mostly fought with raw strength, but he could also handle the flail pretty good. Ryles made 3 effective traps in 2 minutes. The time went very fast from that point on. Suddenly it was the last evening of the training period and we had to show our skills to the Game Developers. I did my best. I truly did, but I think I didn't do very well. That evening, we were all in the couch watching television, waiting for our scores. Finally, at around 10 o'clock, Trayvor Messiah's face jumped on screen. He just started to tell us the scores, his long, green hair falling just above his eyes. Floria had a 10, Cashel had 9, Caia had 9 and Bryonn had a 10. Chenette had a surprising 8 and the asian guy had a 5. Ryles had an 8. Now it was my turn. "And Ravaël Levi, 10" What. What. Okay. Everyone jumped up and started hugging me. Even Elettra, Ryles's stylist, gave me a kiss on my cheek, her blue hair falling on my face. I didn't even know why everyone was so happy. It was only two days until the games began and everyone was partying here. I was hit with a sudden fatigue, so I showered and went to bed. The next day was just preparation for the upcoming interviews. Totti, Thalia and the green one with the long eyelashes (I couldn't remember his name) were waxing me again, because I guess it had started growing again. After my whole body was bald again, they decided 'I was ready for Diego'. Diego gave me an aquamarine suit, like the one my mom had given me at the Reaping. On closer look, this IS the one my mom gave me. I thanked Diego by hugging him. I don't know why but he even smelled red. I didn't know you could smell like a color but he just did. It was already dark outside when the first interview started. Floria was the first one to be interviewed. It was pretty boring but Nemesis told me to pay attention because it was Ryles's turn. She wore a dark blue dress, decorated with pearls and shells and other things. I was too distracted to listen to her conversation. Suddenly a girl from the CREW pushed me on the stage. I automatically walked forward, towards Trayvor. I sat down next to him, and he smiled at me, a strand of his green hair dangling on his forehead. "Ravaël Levi Everybody!" "Oh please, just call me Ravi." The audience laughed and cheered. "Now tell me Ravi, is there a girl at home you're going to win the games for? With that cute face and deliciousss body of yours, I can imagine lots of girls crushing on you!" A picture of me in my merman-suit appeared behind us. "Well, actually there's a boy." I lied. I just wanted to see his reaction. He looked at me and just stared in shock. "So you're..." "I'm bisexual." That wasn't a lie. The audience was quiet for a moment and then they started cheering louder than ever. And because Trayvor had stared at me for such a long time, our two minute interview was already done. We shook hands and the audience cheered. Really loud. I heard girls yelling at me that they loved me no matter what. I just smiled and waved at them. And when we came 'home' I just went to my room and fell asleep, not ready for the games of tomorrow.