to sweet release, and she's just on the verge when she feels his thumb searching between them. With just a few quick strokes, her clit pulsates, sending her walls aflutter as she arches into him. With a strangled gasp, she collapses against his chest, her greedy lungs burning as she sucks in air. She's barely aware when he comes a few moments later, jutting his hips forward and sheathing himself completely as he spills into her. His body eventually stills, lowering her leg slowly and bringing her other one up to wrap them around his waist. She's weightless when he scoops her up and deposits her sated body gently onto the bed. Barely able to keep her eyes open, she sighs blissfully as she sinks into the mattress, fully intent on wrapping herself up in the sheets and Peeta's embrace. So when he regretfully pulls away, the absence of his warmth causes her brow to furrow as she reaches out to grab his hand. "Stay," she whispers. "Don't worry," he says, tracing her lips with his finger. He chuckles quietly when her lips part and she sucks the digit into her mouth, gripping it playfully between her teeth as if to hold him there. "I'm just going to clean you up. After that, I'm not going anywhere." It's way too early the next morning when the alarm rudely awakens her from a pleasant dream. She's too warm and too comfortable to move, so she nudges her hips backwards until an arm finally swings over her head to silence the offending device. With a content sigh, she nuzzles back down into her pillow, but when Peeta doesn't move, she reaches back and pats his thigh. "Don't you have to be at work?" she teases, a lazy smile stretching across her face before she flips onto her other side. The mattress dips as he turns, his eyes locking with hers for a brief moment before flickering down to the sheet draped provocatively over her chest. The corner of his mouth lifts into a sexy grin. "Probably, but like I said last night, I'm not going anywhere." With the tip of his nose, he traces the exposed skin of her neck before his lips follow suit, pausing at her ear to graze her earlobe with the tip of his tongue. It tickles and she keens into him, her eyes falling shut as she releases a breath laugh. He leans in, his warm breath against her cheek. "I love you," he whispers, and then places a gentle kiss to her forehead. Her eyes flutter open to regard his face, and then he gives her a boyish grin that's genuinely sweet and with just the right touch of shyness that unexpected warmth rushes through her naked body. As he stares back at her, she can still see the boy she met so many years ago, but also the man she's fallen in love with so many times over. "I love you, too," she whispers. He beams back at her, his eyes bright and playful as his fingers trace down her side, pulling with them the sheet to reveal the curves of her naked body. "Remind me." Seven years later… Her foot taps out an incessant rhythm against the tile as she stares at the blinking light on the vanity, nervously chewing on a hangnail. She winces when her teeth graze the pinprick at the tip of her thumb and she loses count of the seconds ticking by. It's impossible. They've told her time and time again, which is why she's lived in denial of the symptoms for well over a month. But all the telltale signs are there. She's missed her usual cycle, her abdomen feels bloated, her breasts ache, and she's woken up feeling queasy more than once in the past week. A knock at the door almost startles her off the closed toilet seat and she looks up, eyes wide when Peeta's face appears through the open doorway. "Katniss? I was wondering if you—" His words taper off into silence when three long beeps echo off the walls and he turns towards the sound, his eyes narrowing when he catches sight of the blinking device. "Is that—is that what I think it is?" The hesitant tremor in his hushed voice causes Katniss to bury her face in her hands, unable to bear the heartbreak he's sure to suffer if her suspicions are wrong. Finding her courage, she inhales a deep breath. "What does it say?" Her question lingers in the air for what feels like an eternity before she hears him take a tentative step towards her. Then another. And then another. And when he kneels down in front of her, gently prying her hands away from her face, she's met with a smile more radiant than the sun. "What?" she whispers, taking the test from his hand and staring down at it in disbelief. "I can't believe—I just…it's just not possible." He pulls her to him, his embrace warm and strong as she cries tears of joy into his chest. "Why not?" he asks, squeezing her gently and smiling into her hair. "It's not the first time we've beat the odds." Author's note: Huge round of applause and a great big "thank you" to Streetlightlove and Mr. Street for all their hard work and time for hosting yet another wonderfully successful round and to all the authors and artists that participated in bringing us this wonderful collection of stories and artwork, you're all amazing! Thanks to my wonderful beta and friend, Court81981 , for working her magic. If you haven't already, you should check out her submission Highland Fling for some sexy Scottish!Peeta And huge thanks to the talented loving-mellark for my gorgeous banner, she is so talented it's crazy! Be sure to check out her beautiful fanart submissions as well, you won't be disappointed! I'd love to hear your thoughts on this and as always, come visit me on tumblr: pookieh