he quickly replied, the disappointed look upon her face softening as he continued. "Delly's been kind enough to look after the bakery and the house while I've been away. We were just meeting up so she could give me back her set of keys. I'm, uh, putting them both up for sale next week." Katniss's grip on the steering wheel visibly tightened before she looked away from him, her eyes staring out through the windshield. "Oh." When she didn't look back at him or attempt to say anything else, he took it as his cue to leave. He inched his way off the seat and hopped down to the sidewalk, pausing to glance back at her one more time before retrieving his bags from the back. The underlying awkwardness of their conversation did little to ease the apprehension between them. He didn't want to leave her like this, not when the growing urge to set the record straight about his feelings was eating away at his sanity. Besides, this was his second chance, wasn't it? He'd be a fool not to take. He set down his bags and steadied his nerves. "Katniss," he started, her face turning at the sound of his voice. "Are you busy tomorrow? I mean, besides fixing my car that is, but afterwards?" There. She was in the driver's seat now—physically and figuratively speaking. It was all up to her as to where they went from here, and he hoped to God that he wasn't reading too much into the signals he thought he was seeing. She stared at him, her grey eyes unyielding as to what was going on behind her unreadable face. Her silence was slowly yet surely chipping away at his waning confidence, and he ran a shaky hand through his hair as he sucked in a breath and held it. Her eyes narrowed suspiciously. "Why?" Shit. She was going to make him come out and say it. "Well, if you're not busy, I was wondering if maybe you, uh, wanted to do something…with me…" She arched a curious eyebrow at him as he began to rock back and forth on his heels. "That is, if you're not busy," he repeated again, his voice rushed and flustered. "Or seeing anyone of course..." "Actually, yeah, I am." His face fell immediately, the unforeseen feel of rejection hitting him square in the chest like a Mac truck. Of course she was seeing someone, why on earth would she be single? Despite his crushed hopes and his wounded pride, he quickly recovered with a tight smile and curt nod of his head. "That's cool, um, never mind. I guess I'll see you when I pick up my car then." He muttered a casual "good-bye" as he dragged a heavy foot against the sidewalk, turning to pick his bags up off the ground. "No wait!" she shouted, causing him to spin back around to face her. "That's not what I meant, I, uh, I mean no, I'm not seeing anyone, but yeah I have plans…but uh, you can join me…if you really want to…" She dropped her gaze as she trailed off and reached up to toy with the end of her braid. His chest filled with renewed hope and a slow smile crept across his face as he watched her; the way she was fidgeting was adorable and it made him realize that maybe he wasn't delusional with reading her before. "Katniss," he said firmly to capture her attention, and she looked up. He took a step towards the Jeep and grinned. "Of course I want to, I'm the one that asked you in the first place, remember?" She finally smiled back at him, her nose crinkling as she nodded her head. "Right." "So, uh, normally I'd say I'll pick you up, but I guess given the circumstances, that's not really an option." He chuckled as he scratched his nose with the back of his thumb. "Don't worry, no need for formalities, it's not like this is a date…or anything…" Peeta's smile faltered at her words, but the way she left her statement hanging in the air made him wonder if perhaps she'd done it on purpose, leaving the interpretation completely up to him. But if it wasn't a date, then what was it? Before he could begin to process the meaning behind it, she cleared her throat and lowered her hand to the gear shift. "So, how about I pick you up around four?" "Yeah, sounds good!" Despite the vagueness she'd left him with, Peeta couldn't hold back the shit-eating grin that was threatening to split his face as he finally pried himself away from the vehicle. "So, uh, where are you taking me?" "It's a surprise." Katniss grinned back at him as the Jeep roared back to life, the mischievous glint in her eye sending a bolt of electricity to shoot up his spine before she winked. "Don't worry, city boy, I promise I'll keep you alive." Author's Note: Hello again! I wrote this story as part of the Stories 2 Save Lives (S2SL) fundraiser that my dear friend Streetlightlove hosted back in February, if you're not familiar with it I would suggest checking it out over on tumblr at S2SL :) Although this story was written as a one shot I will be posting it as four chapters here. I hope you enjoy it! Huge thanks to the wonderful Court for really pushing me on this one and keeping me motivated until I was happy with it and thanks to Dispathesfromdistrict7 for being an extra pair of well needed eyes and of course to Ro Nordmann for the cover art (she always blows me away!). All of these talented ladies have also written pieces for this wonderful charity event that you should definitely check out. Lastly, all the awards go to the amazing Streetlightlove and her husband for their time and effort in organizing this wonderful event! Thank you so much for reading!