startling how comfortable I felt around him in the last few minutes despite not having talked to him in years. That wasn't how I normally worked – it took too much strength and work, most of the time, for me to feel comfortable even being around others, let alone talking to them. But then again, that's kind of how it always was when I was around Peeta. My arms tightened around his waist involuntarily as we sped down the hill and I automatically buried my face in his neck without quite thinking about it, only realizing I'd done so when I felt his chuckle reverberate through his chest. I punched his arm lightly, and for a moment, I felt like it hadn't been four years since I'd seen or talked to my best friend. I felt like those years simply hadn't happened. I felt like he'd been here all along, going through my ups and downs with me like he used to. But that was the thing; he hadn't been there, had he? Despite my gloves, hat, scarf and coat that were meant to keep me warm, my body felt frozen to the core in a way that was painful and I was sure we'd been gliding down slopes on the steel contraption for at least an hour now, getting further lost as we mazed around trees and slopes. And we didn't seem to be any closer to our resort – or any civilization, for that matter. Every direction I looked in, all I found were hills upon hills covered in the gauzy white dressing. And as the flakes of snow fell down harder and faster, it was becoming increasingly more difficult to see, let alone breathe. We had to stop soon; we just had to figure out where, first. Peeta slowed the mobile and twisted around to face me. His skin was turning pink the way it always did when he was too cold. "I think I know where we are!" He said, his voice loud, battling with the roars of the wind and whistles of the trees as branches shook violently. My lips perked up slightly, thoughts of warmth and hot chocolate filling me. "You think we'll be home soon? Are we close?" He hesitated before answering and any semblance of warm and (potentially) happy thoughts diminished from within me. "Not … not exactly. There's a cabin down there – I used to go there when I came here with my parents before. I think we should stop there until the snow lets up a little so I can actually see where I'm driving. Is that okay?" I wiped my goggles, trying to find the cabin Peeta was talking about. He was right; we couldn't go much further like this. We were either going to hit a tree or die from hypothermia, and I couldn't really afford dealing with either option. I nodded, "yeah, that's fine." He managed a smile, albeit a weak one for Peeta, and turned back around, taking a sharp right before heading straight, faster than before. It didn't take too long for the cabin to come into view. It was small and didn't look like anyone had been in it for ages. I wondered what the heck it was doing here, in the middle of nowhere but couldn't really bother to ask for an answer. Peeta stalled again only a few minutes later, this time right in front of the cabin and took off his helmet, his blonde hair sticking up in a million directions. "Wait here," he told me, pulling his goggles from his face. "I'm gonna find a way in." I nodded and took off my own snow-mobile gear, trying to move my fingers around as I watched Peeta try the front door unsuccessfully at first before disappearing around the corner. He appeared again, after what seemed like merely seconds and held his hand out to her, helping her up before guiding her into the cabin. "Are you okay?" he asked as soon as I stepped in, his blue eyes scouring me concernedly. I nodded, my mouth unable to form a word as it continued to chatter maniacally. He pulled my gloves off, rubbing his hands over mine just enough to thaw my fingers so I could pull my own jacket off and he stripped out of his own jacket and ski pants. As I watched Peeta kneel by the fireplace, striking up a fire, I felt my legs give in from under me and I fell to the couch. I was more tired than I'd realized, and not having eaten breakfast on account of Prim's insistence on hitting the sloped the instant I woke up was taking a toll on me. He was in front of me in an instant, his eyes too wide with worry. "Katniss! I thought you said you were okay!" He said, his tone almost accusatory as he pulled my ski pants off and wrapped the woolen throw that sat to my left around my body, cuddling me in. "I was … I am, I just haven't eaten anything and…" "Shit!" he exploded, cutting me off in the middle of my sentence. "Wait here, okay, I think I should have some food in the storage under the seat of the mobile." He ran outside seconds later, abandoning the fire he'd barely just lit up and forgoing his jacket or gloves in his haste. As I sat in the empty cabin, I realized I was going to be stuck in a cabin, alone with Peeta Mellark, for God knows how long. And suddenly, all the feeling of familiarity, comfort and ease I usually felt around Peeta disappeared, replaced by anxiety and nerves. Cause it's a long road to wisdom But it's a short one To being ignored a/n: part two and three to follow soon. reviews are appreciated, as always! and if someone has any tips on how to write first-person better, please do let me know! :)