seemed to throw off her pace so he held back as much as he could, allowing her to take the reins once again. Not that it mattered. Anything she did felt amazing, and he was perfectly content to just sit back and watch her as she rode him steadily, her body rising and falling and his cock disappearing into her with every swivel of her hips. He couldn't take his eyes off of her, even with hers screwed shut and her face contorted in concentration. He hoped she was finding some pleasure in all of this; he sure as hell was on cloud nine. But the urge to touch her, all of her, soon was too much. Her eyes flew open and she released a startled gasp when he leaned down to suck one of her pert nipples into his mouth, swirling it around and around with the tip of his tongue before clamping it lightly between his teeth. She moaned in approval as his hands skirted up her back, leaving one on the small of her back while the other followed the curve of her spine to the base of her neck. Their eyes locked into a heated stare as he pulled her beautifully flushed face down to meet his and brushed his lips against hers. "Does this feel good?" she asked as she pulled away. "Mmm…so good," he mumbled before chasing after her mouth again. Good was a enormous understatement. There were no words to describe how it felt. "Better than good…I like it slow." It was then that the vulnerability in her eyes disappeared, only to be replaced by a renewed glint of lust and determination. Her fingers gripped his flesh, her nails digging into his shoulder and neck. She was sure to leave crescent shaped marks in his skin, but he didn't care; any mark left behind by Katniss during the heat of passion he'd happily wear with pride. "We can take it slow next time," she panted as he traced his tongue from her jaw up to the sensitive area just below her ear, taking a moment to tug her earlobe between his teeth. She moaned into his ear before she tugged his head back by his hair to look him straight in the eye. "I'm good now, I promise. Don't hold back…take me, Peeta." The neediness of her voice sent a bolt of electricity straight to his groin and he just about lost it. No words had ever sounded as sexy and raw to him before; they were words he'd only thought he'd hear in his fantasies as he jerked himself off late at night. Hearing them in real life…well, now he was certain she would be the death of him. He gripped her body close to his as he gave into his urge to drive into her, thrusting deeper and faster as she writhed above him. His teeth grazed her bare shoulder and he could feel the coiling in his stomach as she continued to grind her hips down to meet his. He knew he wasn't going to last much longer. Not with the way she was quietly chanting his name over and over with her head tipped back, exposing her bare neck for him to lavish with his hungry lips. Not with how her breasts moved and bounced with each of his erratic upward thrusts. And definitely not with how her walls seemed to tense around him, tighter and tighter, before he felt them flutter around him. He loved every sound that left Katniss' pretty little lips, but the guttural cry that escaped when he bit down on her shoulder, finally pushing her over the edge, would be his new all-time favorite. He quickly followed and the feeling of emptying himself inside her was both a physical and mental high. She trusted him enough to allow it and that trust was something he thought he'd have to work towards for months, years even, if by some miraculously reason she was going to keep him around that long. But what he learned tonight was that Katniss Everdeen was full of surprises. Still riding his blissful high, he flopped back onto the bed of the truck, his head narrowly missing the pillow she'd created for him. When she burrowed her head into the crook of his neck, he wrapped an arm around her shoulder and drew her slick, heated body close in to his. The smell of sweat and sex lingered in the air, but neither of them seemed to care as they caught their breath. He sighed contently as he brushed his fingers through her damp hair; there was nowhere else in the world he'd rather be. When he looked down at her, she met him with a satisfied smile as she played with the sparse blond hairs that peppered his chest. She placed a soft kiss to his chest and stared back up at him. "So…same time next week?" "Next week?" he asked, the corner of his mouth lifting as he palmed a naked ass cheek in his hand. "How about tomorrow night? And we can skip the fishing lesson because there's no way I'm tossing you back." Katniss smiled and shook her head, the playful and sincere glint in her eye causing his chest to radiate with pure and utter happiness. "Deal." Author's Note: I wrote this little one-shot awhile back but until now it was only posted on my tumblr page, hope you enjoyed it! It was inspired by the 80's country song " Fishing in the Dark " by Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, an old favorite of mine, as well as Dierks Bentley's " What Was I Thinkin ". My love and thanks to my dear friend Court81981 who beta'd this so long ago and to Ro Nordman for the GORGEOUS banner! Her talent blows me away every single time! And as usual, I'd love to hear what you think! Thanks for reading! Come visit me on tumblr: pookieh