And when Katniss pulled his arms around her waist, leaning back into him and resting her head against his chest, he felt the missing pieces of his heart finally fall into place. This was what he'd been waiting for all these years. "You sure about all this?" Katniss eventually asked, her hands tightening around his wrists as she turned to look up at him. "It's a lot to take in and if I'm being brutally honest...it's downright crazy and I totally understand if it's too much and—" After silencing her with a hard yet reassuring kiss, Peeta let his head drop until his forehead rested against hers. "Like I said before, this house and everything in it, including me—oh and even Buttercup over there—are all yours. As long as you'll have us." Stifling a giggle, Katniss shook her head. "Well, when you put it that way, how could I possibly refuse an offer like that?" "It's one you'll never regret, I promise you that." From here on out, his life was never going be the same again. It was only going to get better. Nine months later… " Happy birthday….to you!" The cheer that rang out through the dining room was outshined only by the ear-to-ear grin on Heather's face that made Peeta's chest tighten in the best way possible. "Don't forget to make a wish!" Katniss shouted to make sure she was heard over the whistles and claps. Glancing around the table at the faces of family and friends, Peeta still couldn't believe how much his life his changed. A few months ago, he'd have spent his Saturday afternoon either shut away in his office to catch up on paperwork or on his dad's couch catching a ball game. Well, in some regards, not everything had changed. The game was still on in the living room and he did plan on putting in a few orders later on that evening, but this moment…he wouldn't change this moment for the world. With Katniss pulled in tight to his side, they watched as Heather, who was perched up on her grandpa's lap, sucked in a huge breath and in one fail swoop, blew out all but one of the five candles that lit up her cake. "That means you have a boyfriend!" one of his nephews teased in a sing-song voice. The pink flush of Heather's cheeks as she burrowed further into her grandpa's shoulder, caused Peeta to frown. "Hey now," he said, shooting his nephew a scolding stare. "Be nice, besides, didn't I just hear from your daddy that someone was sent to the principal's office last week for kissing a few of the girls at recess?" With a mischievous grin, the boy just laughed. "Maybe." Peeta shook his head, glancing over to his brother, Rye, who was fighting back a laugh as he shrugged. "What can I say, like father like son?" These were the moments he would commit to memory, the precious times shared with his family. And he was finally living a life that felt somewhat richer now, thanks to his girls. There would never be a day that passed where he didn't show them how much he loved and appreciated them. The ruckus eventually faded after Heather had opened her presents, too many Katniss had complained. But the way he saw it, he had years of spoiling to catch up on, and so he didn't feel the least bit guilty about it. Happy that the party had gone off without a hitch, Peeta couldn't have imagined a day more perfect. That was, not until Katniss looked up at him and smiled. "I love you," she whispered, her words only for him. He knew she did. It was in the looks she gave him and the way she touched him, but hearing her say the words for the first time was better than he could ever imagine. Pulling her in close, he captured her lips in a passionate kiss. "I fell in love with you a long time ago, but it's nice to hear you've finally caught up." She turned away with a huff, back pressed to his front, but he could still sense the roll of her eyes. It only made him hold onto her tighter. "Peeta?" she eventually asked, lacing her fingers through his and resting their linked hands low over her belly. There was no missing the smile and excitement in her voice, and so he smiled too, cupping her chin and tilting her head back so he could kiss her. "Yeah?" "I have something to tell you." Author's Note: First off, thank you so much to all of you who donated to this wonderful cause! And thank you to all the wonderful moderators and sohypothetically who put so much time and effort into making this possible, and to the authors and artists who donated their works, together we all made it happen :) A little background about this story is that I started it as a birthday present for a wonderful friend of mine, Streetlightlove , the creator of the original S2SL. I wrote the first part and sent it to her on her birthday years ago, but never published it, then my life, of course, got in the way and it's been sitting unfinished on my computer ever since. So, what better opportunity than this to finally finish it! As with most of my stories, there's usually a country song that inspired my writing and for this one, it was two songs actually: Keith Urban's "Better Life" (also the reason for the title) and Darius Rucker's "Don't Think I Don't Think About It". Last but not least, huge thanks to my wonderful and talented friend, Loving-Mellark , who created the gorgeous banner for this story. Be sure to check out her wonderful submissions, you won't be disappointed! I'd love to hear your thoughts on this piece, so please feel free to drop me a line over on tumblr: pookieh. Thanks for reading!