terrible we are all the time. He grabs me by the waist and pulls me in, murmuring in my ear, "Well I want them talking about us in a better light." "What if I don't want people talking about us?" My voice is shaky, breathless at the knowledge at where his hand is going. "What if I want to be invisible to everyone? What if I'm tired of being headline news?" "I thought you wanted adventure." "I do, but people have adventures all the time without making the news, Peeta. Why can't that be us?" I pluck my journal from his hands and step away, straightening my skirt. "I want an adventure that doesn't involve the damn cops making lies about us." "You're worried about what Prim thinks about us, right?" he asks, and it's the most obvious answer in the world that I don't even bother answering him. "Right. Well, your journal tells it how it is. That poem tells it how it is. You publish that and the phones will be ringing, begging for them movie rights." I look down at the blue book⎯ a coffee stain in the corner, the blue cover faded and beat up from travel⎯ and wonder if someone besides Peeta would enjoy my thoughts. It all seems so ridiculous and strange. Why would anyone care about what I thought? "I doubt anyone would care about two criminals, Peeta." He cups my face in his hands, forcing me to look at him, and I have to squint to see him the sun is so bright. "We're as famous as Al Capone, hon. People want us dead, and if that's not a feeling then I don't know what is." "Doesn't mean they want to read my lousy poems," I scoff, a small laugh leaving from embarrassment. "They'd just rather see us lynched." "I'd shoot anyone who tried to put a rope around your neck." Lynching is nothing to be taken lightly, but I don't want to think about that right now. It's too serious, and just for one moment can I not have to think about running from the law? "You always do try to be the black knight, don't you?" "Nice boys bore you," he chuckles, and I really can't argue with that because it's true. "And you're not too nice yourself, Miss Everdeen." We kiss, and I mean really kiss for the first time in months⎯ his lips warm from the sun, dry⎯ and I laugh when we pull away, his lips as red as mine. "You're talented, Katniss. Your writing, it deserves to see daylight." "Maybe one day," I lie, pulling him closer by his suspenders that hang loose by his denim pants. "Until then, though..." I bring his mouth back to mine. "How about we enjoy this time alone, forget about writing and cops..." I give him a long kiss, never wanting to let him go, pulling at his bottom lip until he gives me access to the inside of his mouth. Peeta pulls me into his arms, my legs wrapping around his waist, as we deepen our kiss. Our weight buckles down, both of us collapsing onto the blanket, and he pulls my shirt off, squeezing at my breasts until a moan escapes into his mouth. It's been so long. So terribly long since we've had the chance to get this close, and the hunger inside me, the fire I normally have to keep squelched in fear of becoming so overwhelmed with emotions that I can't think anymore ignites. "You should write a poem about this," he breathes into my neck, sucking at my pulse as it quickens at his touch. "I do," I hum with pleasure. "I do. Every night." His hand slips into my underwear and I gasp when I feel his finger push in, making small, quick circular motions. "I didn't see any mentionings of them when I looked through that journal." I can't think. I don't want to think, but Peeta's conversation is forcing me to be present, focused. "I think of this all the time," I tell him, squirming underneath. "I think about us being alone a lot, and that's far too much for a simple journal to handle." I don't want to talk anymore and crush my lips on his again, forbidding him to speak. Just as my hands fumble to his jeans the gunshot is heard. Peeta's head snaps up, now on alert. I try to blow it off, tell him it's just the guys messing around with us, but Peeta's jumpy when it comes to gunshots, takes them as a serious sign that danger is near. "We gotta go," he hurries, pulling his shirt back on. "Come on!" "It's nothing," I beg, pulling him back to me. "It's nothing, Peeta. It's just Finnick." I kiss him, trying to make him stay. "It's just Finnick." "He wouldn't shoot his gun for nothing. Someone's coming and they need our help." And just like that our quiet afternoon together is ruined. I sigh, watching him run back to the car, back to the gang, and I wonder as I put my shirt back on why I bother with him at all. Why I write poetry about our adventures, or why my heart quickens when I see him. Why do I put up with this dangerous life when I could be with Prim, safe⎯homeless⎯ but safe? I could just run, head straight to Canada where no one knows me, but then he turns around, nearly a hundred feet away, and I hear him whistle our three note call. My heart tugs at the sound. I know we're both in too deep, that there is no turning back, and I gather up our small picnic and run back to our reality, to our life of crime. I might not ever publish a single poem or thought, but one thing is certain: Peeta Mellark and I are definitely infamous for our crimes and there's no changing that now