Delly answered, smiling brightly as she glanced back and forth between her and Peeta. "Well, the two of you will make quite the stunning couple at the wedding, if I do say so myself." Katniss balked and the flush that had finally left her face returned with a vengeance. "Jesus, Del, now look who's scaring her." She glimpsed a flash of apology in Peeta's eyes and as if to further prove his point, he shot his friend a pointed look before turning his attention back to Katniss. "So you'll be at the rehearsal dinner tomorrow, right?" She swallowed thickly and nodded, earning her another one of those easy smiles. "Good, can you save me a seat then? I have to pick up the grooms cake from the bakery after the rehearsal so I'll probably be a little late." Crap. The rehearsal dinner. She still needed to pick up Madge's rehearsal dress from the dry cleaners before heading back. And she had to pick up Johanna from the airport that afternoon as well, which meant a trip to the liquor store so their feisty friend wouldn't drink them out of house and home. "Yeah, no problem," Katniss said as she struggled to pull her cell phone from her purse and glanced at the screen. "Sorry, but I need to get going. I have to be at the airport in three hours and I still have a ton of stuff to do." Peeta was on his feet before she could put away her phone, his broad frame looming over hers as he reached for her bags. "Your hands are full, let me help you to your car." Somewhat flustered by his sudden bout of chivalry, she eyed him carefully. "Uh, thanks but I've got it." "You sure?" he asked, grabbing her cup off the table. "Yeah, I've got this." As if to further prove her point, she fished out her keys, rearranged her bags, and reached out to take her drink. "Thanks." Katniss suddenly felt nervous as an awkward silence fell between them, but then he pursed his lips and nodded. "Alright, I'll see you tomorrow then. It was nice to finally meet you, Katniss." "Same," she answered, cringing at the breathy desperation in her voice. After sparing him a final terse nod, she forced her feet to move and focused on navigating her way through the crowd towards the door. Just a few more steps and she'd be outside where she could finally breathe and collect her thoughts. "Katniss, wait!" Her body tensed when a warm hand landed on her shoulder and she jerked her head in the direction of his voice. "I think this is yours." Her cheeks flushed with heat at the sight of the small pink and black bag in his hand. Fuck . When had she dropped it? Her breath hitched when she glanced up to find those blue eyes staring back at her, a hint of amusement causing the corner of his mouth to rise. They stared at each other for longer than necessary, but when she didn't make a move to take the bag from him, he lifted it closer to her, effectively snapping her out of the trance she'd fallen into. Clearing her throat, she managed a quick "thanks" and reached out to retrieve the bag from his grasp. The moment his hand brushed over hers, a shot of warmth blasted through her and she let out a shaky exhale. Shit . She needed to get out of there before she did something stupid, like make a fool of herself a second time. Turning back to the door, she let out a heavy sigh. But the sound of that goddamn sexy voice of his stopped her dead in her tracks again. "Oh, and this too." His eyes gleamed recklessly as he held up the lacy orange thong, dangling it off the end of his thick finger. Shit . Shit shit shit. This was not happening. Could her face get any redder? Apparently so. If there really was a merciful God, he'd open the ground up beneath her feet and let it swallow her whole. Mortified beyond belief, she rushed forward and snatched the sorry excuse for an undergarment off his finger and shoved it into her bag. A rush of dizziness hit her when he leaned in close, the intoxicating scent of cinnamon wafting over her. Man, he smelled good enough to eat. How was she going to stay sane over the next two days if she was supposed to be paired up with him? She fought back a moan when his warm breath puffed against her ear. "By the way," he whispered as she sucked in a ragged breath. "Orange is my favorite color." And with that, he spun on his heel and sauntered back his table, her eyes glued to his trim hips and tight ass the whole way there. Damn. His brazen confession should have sent her running out the door in a flustered mess, but the heat that filled her cheeks was far from innocent. And she wasn't even a damn bit ashamed as a plan suddenly took shape in her head. Screw girl code, she was going to get herself laid. Unable to keep from grinning like an idiot, she pushed her way through the door and took a sip of her now not-so-hot hot chocolate. Little did he know, but Peeta Mellark was in for a surprise. Author's Note: This story was posted on tumblr over a year ago and was inspired by an anonymous prompt I received asking for an Everlark coffeeshop drabble which of course spiraled into WAY more than anyone asked for :) There are three parts, all of which have now been completed and the remaining parts posted shortly. I'd love to hear your thoughts! Reviews and feedback are always welcome! Thanks for taking the time to read and hope you enjoy this one! As always, you can find me over on tumblr: pookieh