think that wicked man would not harm them if she did everything he said. Prim and Gale left her after months of torture. Peeta left her because she didn't deserve to be rescued. "Everyone leaves a worthless cause," the voices would repeat over and over until she believed it. She was worthless. A broken melody breaks through her chapped lips as she waits to die in the woods. "Are you, are you..." she repeats over and over again. It's all she remembers, those two words. The smell lingers, making her dry heave until her body is so sore it can't possibly sit up. Snow must be watching. He always is. Cameras, everywhere. All the time. There is never a moment's peace with him. He wins, she finally admits to no one. He wins. Her arrow is sharp and her finger hits it continuously until little droplets of blood start to spot at the tip. Her mother's blood was so red, just like hers. Maybe they did share something in common after all. She continues to try and sing the rest of the song, but everything is mixed around and when she closes her eyes, she swears she's on the cement floor again, listening to the tiny drips . So close they were to rescuing her. If only the solider rescuing her could run faster than the Peacekeeper. They could have escaped if he could run as fast as Finnick and Peeta. It must have been their intent to give her the slower runner, to have her never be rescued. It didn't hurt her too much when Snow forced her to watch his death. The smell of death reminds her of Prim, of Gale. She wants to tell them how sorry she is for getting them into this mess. She curses her father for teaching her about Nightlock. The berries is what caused all of this; they were why so many died and left. If she could go back in time and die in the arena she would. Prim would still be alive. Gale would still be alive. Her mother would still be alive. And Peeta, well Peeta would be dead with her. Because she's selfish and refuses to see it any other way. Footsteps crunch in the distance and she knows it's Snow. Who can he kill for her trying to escape? He'll never kill her; he's told her this many times. "You are now our example, Miss Everdeen," he would tell her when she would beg for them to just kill her, kill her to make the videos stop. "An example of why we want to play the rules of the game. Isn't this fun? Next video." Her body curls into itself because the videos will probably be her punishment. They are so terrible, watching so many deaths, so many sacrifices for her. All for her. Someone like her doesn't deserve anything. It was a waste. She's a waste. A worthless cause. The footsteps are closer, only a few feet away from her now, and when the arms scoop her up in an embrace she starts to cry. "Not the videos!" she mutters into his chest. "I'll listen; I'll do whatever you say. I promise!" He murmurs "Not real" into her hair which makes her cry harder. Dr. Aurelius tells them the smell of blood and rain caused her to relapse, caused her memory to remember her imprisonment. It's quite common with patients who've experienced traumatic events. Quite common. Peeta becomes more protective of her, refusing to let her out of his sight. He moves his bakery to her house, saying how he'd rather not have to walk in this heat, how it bothers his leg. Her house starts to feel like a cage. There are only so many places she can go before going insane. Voices start to whisper terrible things to her, saying how terrible she is, how no one wants her, needs her, how she's the reason Prim's dead. The voices play in her head constantly, making her on edge. She starts to snap at Peeta for the smallest things and he snaps back. They fight more and more until she throws a frying pan at his head. He's stolen her freedom, she decides, or was it the voices? He doesn't let her leave this new prison, becomes paranoid himself. They don't leave. Not for a very long time. It's just her, Peeta, and the voices. She starts to think of ways to kill him, so she can escape, but when he holds her close at night, for that's all they do in bed now, she is thankful for him, doesn't want him to leave her. She'll kill him if he tries. Seeing him standing on the front porch for the first in months leaves an unsettling feeling in her stomach as she watches him gulp in the fresh, clean air. The small voices whisper how he plans on leaving her now, tired of her. It's the same voices that haunt her every waking moment, tell her terrible, truthful things while watching the videos. She hates him. She loves him. She needs him. The voices jumble around her head and she pounds on it until he pulls her hands away, saying it's time to rest. He says goodnight after tucking them in and it sounds like a goodbye. She can't let that happen. Kill him, the voices whisper while he snores. Kill him and he'll never leave, never think you're worthless. Kill him... "Poor little Mockingjay," everyone whispers now when they gossip in town. Did you hear? She's gone insane, hearing voices and seeing things, and stabbed her lover, her husband, Peeta Mellark, the boy with words, to death with an arrow. Poor little Mockingjay. She's gone and killed the last person who was close to her, whispering how he'll never leave her now. Poor little Mockingjay is locked somewhere padded in the Capital now, somewhere safe where she can't harm a bug. Poor little Mockingjay