is not going to work." He sighed. "I think I can live with that." She laughed and he smiled, pulling her closer until he could feel her breath on his face. "I am ok with that too," she said, finally tasting his lips. You're gone, gone, gone away, I watched you disappear. All that's left is a ghost of you. Now we're torn, torn, torn apart, there's nothing we can do, Just let me go, we'll meet again soon. The aftermath was peaceful. He had some weeks of peace, with no episodes. Both of them slept well at night. He began to help around the district with the cleaning and reconstruction and one day he came home talking about the rebuilding of the bakery. She went out to hunt every day and, for once, things looked in place. They were slowly healing. The rebuilding took a long time, with the materials sent from the Capitol in trains and not that many adult men to help with the heavy work. But he was always at the city working, every day, no matter what was the weather. Sometimes she passed by there to see him after her hunt. Sometimes they had lunch together. "Do you think I should build the showcase just like it was or should I make it bigger?" He asked her one afternoon, as they were seated on a bench near the future bakery, sharing peaches and strawberries. "I liked the old one." He made some notes on his notebook, then raised his eyes to the foundations of the building. She saw the beginnings of a smile. "I can already see the little kids' faces pressed against the glass, choosing the most colorful cupcake," he said, the silly smile all over his face. She didn't answer, and it took some time for him to realize that something must be wrong. He turned and didn't see a smile, but a frown on her face. "I can't wait, it is going to be great." But the enthusiasm of the words didn't show in her voice. "What's the matter?" "I... I need to go." She collected the basket that she used to pick the fruits and fled as fast as she could. He stayed on the same spot, looking at her frame disappearing. Five minutes later he already had talked with some of the boys that were helping him, letting them now that he was done for the day. He found her on the woods. She could hear him coming from miles with his noisy steps, but she didn't move. He sat by her side and looked at her. They stayed like that for a long time. "It is Prim, isn't?" "It has been three years, Peeta. Can you believe that?" He put a hand on her shoulder, bringing her close. "I remember how she loved to do that, she loved to stop by the bakery to see the beautiful cakes and cookies, and she would press her face against the glass, and I would say, don't do that, you are messing up the window." She laughed, but he also knew that she was crying. He pressed her harder against his chest, running a reassuring hand through her back. "And now other kids will come and do that, and life will go on, and that is how it is supposed to be, but sometimes it is just..." "It doesn't look fair. I know, it doesn't." "I just don't want people to forget it... I don't want to forget her." "We won't. She lives with us, in our memories. And we have the book of memories that we are working on. I will draw a beautiful picture and you will write down your best memories and she will never be forgotten." She moved her head up, smiling. "Thank you." "Now wait, wait, wait for me, please hang around" " I'll see you when I fall asleep." That night she dreamed about her little sister but, for the first time in a long period, it was not in nightmares that her face appeared. It was in a peaceful dream, her cheeks flushed and her face with a big smile. No blood or explosion or knifes or screams. When she woke up, she had a smile on her face. After a long winter they finally began to get the warmer winds of spring. With the longer days she would spend more time in the woods, and not just for the purpose of hunting. She showed him her refugee and they spent long hours swimming on the lake or laying on the ground, happy with nothing but the sounds of the forest filling their ears. Hey! Don't listen to a word I say Hey! The screams all sound the same. Hey! Though the truth may vary this ship will carry our bodies safe to shore As she is looking at the bright sky with her head against his chest, close enough that she can hear his steady heartbeats, she let herself believe that maybe it was worth it. Maybe she shouldn't blame herself for the happenings in the past. It is enough that she will always live with the pain. "What are you thinking about?" he asks with a sleepy voice, his hand brushing her hair distractedly. "Dandelions." "Dandelions?" She smiles and begins to explain why, for her, dandelions are a symbol of hope. He listens to the story intently and, by the end of it, kisses the top of her head. "And you did it again," she says quietly "When I was broken and lost, once more you brought hope back to me." "We gave hope to each other," he corrects. They stay silent for some minutes, and she is almost falling asleep when he says: "I missed our little talks. I missed you." "I am right here now. And I am not going anywhere." A/n: That's it, hope you liked it. Please, leave me a review telling me what you thought about the story!