that," Coin says. "We will take weapons and we will be back when you want us to be. We will give the food to the kitchen," I say. She takes a moment before nodding "fine." Gale smiles happily. I can't help grinning back. "Anything else," she asks. "Yeah one more. I get to kill Snow," I say. She smiles "I thought you might want to. Very well." I nod a thanks "then what do I film first?" She smiles "we will start tomorrow first Beetee has a surprise for you guys." I nod Beetee he has lost the use of his legs after getting struck by lightning. He sits in a wheelchair now. He wheels to the lift and Gale, Finnick and I follow. Finnick, Beetee and I discuss the rebellion. Gale is silent I think he feels out of place. I try to turn the subject to something that Finnick and Beetee could discuss with him. "You know guys Gale's the one that taught me how to rig snares. He's like a magician," I say. Finnick picks up on what he's saying "oh so if I really want to know what they are like I should ask him and not you!" I huff "my snares caught prey for you to eat!" "Yeah I don't owe you much you would have been dead the first three minutes if it weren't for me! Or at least Peeta would have," he says. I sigh "what am I going to do with you?" "Hook me up with the guy that actually knows about the snares," he says. Gale starts to smile but doesn't join in. I lightly hit him across the face "nope sorry you'll have to find someone else!" Gale smiles and steps up "I can teach him Katniss." "No you can't!" I say. He shakes hands with Finnick "I'll convince her." Finally the lift door opens and we walk out laughing. "Nice acting you two," Gale says. I smile "you have to be to survive the games." "Yeah you should see Peeta in action," Finnick laughs "in fact you have." Gale frowns at the mention of Peeta. "So err...Beetee what's this surprise?" I ask. Finnick frowns "sorry uh." "It's alright you guys are all his friends and if I want to stay your friends then I have to stop being hurt by mention of him," says Gale. I turn to him "you know it'd help if you stopped comparing yourself to him or you gave yourself more credit." Finnick rolls his eyes "come on you two look at what Beetee made." Beetee was beside a table of weapons "Plutarch wanted something for the propaganda but I couldn't waste weapons on just looks." I look at the bow he hands me. I feel it vibrate. "It's beautiful," I say. He points to three differently coloured arrows "black in normal, yellow is fire and red is explosive." I nod taking a fire. I walk to the targets and twirl it in my hand before I load the bow. I pull it to be cheek and took aim. I could feel the others watching me. I let the arrow fly it hits the target and only takes a second before bursting into flames. Gale smiled. "Step back I want to try my cross bow," he says. I take a step back and watch him shoot. This was one thing Gale did much better than Peeta. Peeta who could kill someone in hand to face combat couldn't hit the target five yards away. I smile. "Peeta couldn't do that," I say. Finnick laughs "Gale move I want to try my trident!" Gale moves out of the way. "Watch this is truly amazing," I tell him. Finnick can hit a target with his trident fifty yards away. He takes aim and throw the trident to the target it sticks and he goes to gather our ammo. Gale smiles "that is impressive." Finnick smiles "everyone in District four can do it." "Yeah throw a trident but not that good," says Gale "it's like in Twelve we all could mine coal with a pickaxe but only a handful can throw them to kill a person." I smile "come on they probably want us back up there." Gale nods "yeah come on." We get back in the lift this rides much more enjoyable. Beetee explains some of the cool things about our weapons while Finnick and Gale are able to talk openly to each other. I lean on the wall watching them. Thinking about Peeta. I have seen him do everything from hold my son to die. His heart had stopped in the arena but thanks to Finnick Peeta was still around. Finnick looks at me "what are you thinking?" "Peeta," I say. He nods "it's all I can think of as well." Gale looks at him "why?" "Finnick has a thing for Annie," I explain. Finnick sighs "not just a thing." I sigh back "I get it." Gale looks from the two of us "so what about Peeta where you thinking about?" "How I've seen him do everything from bake a loaf of bread to die," I say. Finnick gives a laugh. I can't help it I start laughing too. The lift door opens and we step out. Finnick nods to me. "See you at the announcement," he says. I put my hand on his shoulder "there going to be with us before you know it." He nods "but at what cost?" I sigh "rather not think about it." He sighs "we aren't all making it through this." "Yeah especially if what Haymitch says about us still being in the games is right," I say. He hugs me "we'll get through this one way or another." I sigh "yeah thanks Finnick." He lets me go and nods before walking off. Haymitch taps my shoulder. "What'd you think of the weapons?" he asks. I nod "it's beautiful." "Come on dinner and I have another surprise," he says. I nod.