done, Katniss. I can't handle this anymore. I can't watch you walk into destruction. It hurts too much." I swallowed hard and blinked back the tears. "Then I guess this friendship is over." And just like that, as I turned around and walked out of his room, our entire relationship was ripped off the line and sent crashing to the ground. I didn't mean to stumble upon the TV that night. I was actually just coming back from the bathroom when I saw it. Or more specifically, him. Gale's gray eyes and strikingly handsome face. His dark hair slicked back with some fancy Capitol product. They were asking him a series of questions that he was answering almost robotic-like. "Do you have any indication as to the whereabouts of the Rebels?" Gale shook his head. "I wish I knew. I would the be the first one at their doorstep with a gun in my hand." "What do you have to say to the districts who are rebelling against us, Gale Hawthorne?" He narrowed his eyes and looked directly at the screen. "You don't understand what you're doing. Everything the Capitol has ever done has been for the better of this country. You choose to take on the Capitol and you're setting yourself up for not only defeat, but death. Don't be stupid." "Any final words for the night?" Gale nodded. "To the rebel who is from my district, Madge Undersee..." I froze at the mention of my name, my breath catching in my lungs. "Don't do our district disgrace, you petty, little girl. Turn yourself in before this gets any worse. All you're doing is causing more problems. And remember, you can hide all you want but we will find you. And you will pay." His bitter and cold voice ripped through my soul, tearing me in half. I clutched a nearby chair for support. Just as I thought things couldn't get any worse, the screen cut to President Snow, who apparently had an announcement for District Twelve. "As you may know, the last mayor of your district, Mayor Undersee, was an undercover rebel. He was killed last week and we will be appointing a new mayor shortly. We assure you that this mayor will be directly from the Capitol to ensure your safety and protection." My throat felt like it was closing in on me at the mention of my father and his death. I had avoided this all week! My father and Gale. I had even cut my hair to ensure that the past stayed in the past. And now, here it was. Smacking me in the face. I could not escape it. I would never be able to escape it. I found myself collapsing into the chair. Peeta walked into the room and stopped when he saw me. "Hey. You cut your hair." He said with a soft smile. I didn't respond. I just stared him, glancing nervously between the TV and him. His focus shifted to the TV and when he realized what was happening, he rushed to my side. I felt his hand on my shoulder. I couldn't breathe. I couldn't focus. I couldn't do anything. I needed more oxygen. I needed more air! I began to gasp for air, my hand clenching my stomach. Peeta crouched down and his hand moved from my shoulder to my knee. " Madge? Madge, what's wrong?" I shook my head, because I couldn't answer. I couldn't! I just had this fear I was about to die. I was going to crumble over and just die. I couldn't catch my breath. Where had it gone in the first place? A dull pain in my chest was beginning to spread through my stomach. Peeta pulled me to my feet and pressed me into his chest, flinging his arms around me. "It's okay, Madge. It's okay." He was whispering over and over again. I was sweating. I couldn't breathe. I felt dizzy, confused, lost. But slowly, ever so slowly, my breathing returned to normal. My dizziness faded away and I regained sense of my surroundings. I pulled away from Peeta. "What just happened?" I asked him, frightened. "I think you just had a panic attack." He said to me gently, gripping my shoulders. I nodded slowly. That made more sense than anything else, somehow. I swallowed hard and let my heartbeat calm down for a minute. I exhaled softly and locked my eyes on Peeta. "Peeta, thank you." He nodded but the concern didn't leave his eyes. "I am really, really worried about you, Madge." "Me too." I found myself saying. Just then, a stampede of footsteps could be heard from the hallway. Then, I saw the faces of Haymitch, Finnick, and Katniss. Haymitch spoke to me directly. "There's been another uprising." And although I didn't need to ask, I did anyways. "Which district?" I knew. And he knew that I knew. But he answered me anyway. "District Twelve, Madge. Our District." A/N: Welcome, welcome to the sequel of Only One! I hope you like the first chapter! Leave me a comment to let me know you're reading! And let me clear some things up right now: Madge and Peeta are JUST FRIENDS. It will stay that way. Gale is a huge part of this story, so don't expect him to be out of the picture for much longer. WINK. That's the only hint I will really give. PLEASE review, guys! Let me know what you liked, didn't like, any questions you may have to the plot. I may or may not be able to answer them but it's worth a shot, right? Happy Reading! P.S- Let me know if you find some original hunger games series quotes that I snuck in here, maybe they are bit reworded, but they are some of the famous quotes nonetheless. I like to keep some of the same quotes and situations for fun! P.S.S- Don't lose hope in ANY of our couples here. Seriously.