free treat out of today's encounter, I won't hear the end of it. And when they see this guy back the next day and I show up with a free lunch…I'll never live this down. The smirk on Gale's face is unmistakable, even from here, and out of spite; I return it with a not so subtle wave of my middle finger. I turn back around and with a nod of my head say, "Well, I guess I'll see you tomorrow." He flashes me that sexy grin as if he knows he's already got me hooked. Cocky bastard. "Maybe," I throw in just for good measure. "Oh wait!" He twists back around after fumbling with another paper bag for a few seconds then hands it over to me. "Here, for helping me out today." I take the second bag. The heat radiating from it takes me slightly off guard and I curiously peek inside. It's a pastry of some kind and despite my earlier disregard for sweets this early in the morning, my mouth waters at the sight. "You really don't have to." "Honestly, if it'd been one of your friends over there to come and give me the boot, I'm pretty sure things wouldn't have gone so smoothly." He beams back at me, the corners of his eyes crinkling in a way that makes me want to reach out and caress his cheek. Fuck, I don't even know this guy's name! When I'm finally able to tear myself away from his chiseled jaw, I take a step back and with a final smile take my leave. "Wait!" he calls out again. "What's your name?" I pause for a minute, trying to wrap my head around the fact that this guy is asking for my name. I kick at the dirt with the toe of my scuffed up work boot. Ah what the hell. "Katniss, my name is Katniss." "Pleasure meeting you Katniss. I'm Peeta." "Like the bread?" I chuckle but regret it instantly. God I'm an insensitive idiot. I bet he gets that every time and here I am already poking fun at the guy after he just gave me not one but two free treats and the promise of a free lunch. He laughs though in response and the deep, raspy sound eases some of my tension. "Yeah, like the bread, but spelled differently." Fitting. For a baker that is. I shake my head but it doesn't have any effect on dislodging the grin plastered across my face. By the time I make it back across the street, gripping both brown paper bags tightly in my fist, I can't help but sneak one last glance over my shoulder. He's still staring at me and I whip my head back around so fast my braid smacks me across the nose. "Looks like someone got lucky," Darius grins as he gestures towards my hand. "Damn straight." "Well, he obviously thought you were cute," Gale says with a teasing lilt to his voice. "No way your skills in negotiation had anything to do with it." "And too bad you didn't get his number," Darius chimes in victoriously. "Or else you'd be able to score a free meal to go along with whatever's in the bag." "Whatever," I grumble, feeling somewhat annoyed that I didn't in fact somehow get his number. But even if I had by some miraculous twist of fate, what then? He probably goes home every night to some gorgeous girl who gets to take full advantage of her rights to grab his perfect ass any time she damn wants. While I get to go home tonight and pathetically get myself off while imagining what it would feel like to dig my fingers into his backside as he mercilessly pounds into me. Yeah, there's no fucking way a guy like that goes home to an empty bed. I shake my head in hopes of preventing other dirty thoughts from creeping into my already fouled mind and glance back down at the bags again. Which one to dig into first. If I can't have him, I can at least enjoy something made by him. Something on the front of the bag catches my eyes though. Holy shit. There it is. Hastily scribbled in blue ink right below the Mellark's logo along with the correct spelling of his name. "Ha," I shout, turning my attention back to Darius and shoving the bag up to his face. His lips flatten into a disappointing frown as he squints to decipher the digits and make sure I'm not lying. With a heavy sigh he digs into his lunch box to produce a ten, slapping it into my open palm before reaching back in to fetch his muffin. "Don't bother," I say, throwing a hand up to stop him. "You can keep your crusty old muffin." Both his and Gale's eyes go wide with envy as I slowly remove the still warm blueberry Danish from the bag. I bring it up to face, inhaling deeply before sinking my teeth into the flaky layers. My eyes shut on their accord as the flavors dance along my taste buds, and a guttural moan escapes me as I reach up to swipe at the cream cheese frosting melting down my chin. Fuck this is amazing. Just then, the double beep of a horn causes all three of us to turn our heads. I quickly swallow as the bright orange truck drives past us with Peeta's head hanging out the window as he flashes me that sexy grin. "I dunno, man," Gale says, elbowing Darius in the shoulder and wiggling his eyebrows in my direction. "Looks to me like she scored more than she bargained for." Author's Note: This was written for the September 2014 Round of PiP, hope you enjoyed it! Thanks to Jessa (misshoneywell) for all her time and hard work this round, and if you haven't checked out the submissions, I suggest you do! Tumblr: Pookieh