I could never ever reveal that to anybody. I'm supposed to be a heartless bitch, not some kind of compassionate teenage girl. Anyways, I'm surprisingly relieved when the kid's sister Katniss volunteers in her place. Now, at least there's only one 12 year-old – the girl from 11 – going into the arena this year. Katniss doesn't seem to pose too big a threat, and she obviously knows that, considering she hugs her sister like it's the last time she'll ever see her again. After the boy from 12 is reaped, Caesar Flickerman reappears on the screen, rambling on about his excitement for The Games and blah blah blah blah… Enobaria and Brutus immediately start talking alliances and strategy with Cato and I, and Rhiannon excuses herself to her bedroom, obviously bored with our conversation. When we're about an hour from the Capitol, I feel myself drifting in and out of consciousness as the faint sound of the train rolling along the tracks lulls me into a light sleep. I'm woken up with a start when Enobaria nudges me (pretty forcefully, to be honest) on the shoulder. "Get up, kiddo, we're 10 minutes away from the Capitol," she says before taking a bite out of a bagel she's holding in her hand. God, words can't even explain how weird it is to watch a human eat with fangs. I groan loudly, standing up from the couch and cracking my back and neck. The time is about 2 in the morning, according to the ancient grandfather clock across the room. I stroll over to the buffet table and grab a chocolate chip cookie, aka my new favorite food ever. Throwing my head back in bliss, I eat the delicious cookie, and then another, and another. "Clove," Enobaria eyes me while I'm in the middle of eating my 4th cookie, "what the hell do you think you're doing?" "Eating a cookie?" I say innocently, looking up at her with doe eyes. One of the first things they told us when we got on the train was to limit ourselves with the desserts, because apparently eating sugar too often will make us start craving it in the arena when we can't have any. Whatever. This could potentially be the last week of my life; I'm eating whatever the hell I want to. "No more," she warns, exposing her fangs so that I know she's serious. I shoot an unconvincing shrug in her direction, and she rolls her eyes as she walks away, annoyed and unsatisfied. "We're almost there," Cato says before staring out the window in awe. I glance out too, and I have to keep my jaw from dropping when I catch sight of the infamous Capitol. It's gigantic. I'm practically giddy with excitement when we pull into the overcrowded train station. It's one in the damn morning, yet half the Capitol is here in the train station screaming like little children on Christmas morning and practically fainting when we so much as glance at them. It's everything I imagined and more. "Welcome to the Capitol," Rhiannon says enthusiastically as she walks up from behind us, seemingly emerging from midair. The only thing that could make this moment better would be for her annoying ass self to disappear again. She motions hurriedly for us to follow her out of the train and onto the platform, and we trail her in a daze, still dressed in our attire from the Reaping. This entire situation still feels so unreal. When I step off the train, I'm hit by a wall of screaming Capitol people, all of whom are acting quite immature. Nevertheless, I'm beaming as Rhiannon, Enobaria, Brutus, Cato, and I pause multiple times to smile for different photographers. Half an hour and dozens of pictures later, the five of us file into the elevator to head up to District 2's floor, which Rhiannon is rambling on about aimlessly. My eyelids feel heavy, and I yawn. The elevator dings as the doors slide open, revealing an extravagant, enormous, colorful suite. "It's wonderful, don't you think?" Rhiannon exclaims, smiling widely. "Clove and Cato, your rooms are down that hallway. The dining room and kitchen are right around this corner, and there's the living room right over there." Cato and I give absentminded nods, more preoccupied with admiring all of the modernized furniture and décor. "Now," says Enobaria, preventing Rhiannon from saying anything more, "you two have a long day tomorrow, so I recommend getting a decent amount of sleep. I need both of you awake and alert by 9, and we'll be heading to the Remake Center for 10. Understood?" Nodding obediently, we head off in the direction of our rooms. My room, like everything else in this place, is overly sized, with a king sized bed, a fully stocked closet, and a fully equipped bathroom. Kicking off my tennis shoes, I climb into the satin sheets, and I'm asleep before my head even hits the pillow. Hiii! So first of all, thank you so much for reading this first chapter. I have a ton planned for this story, so please bear with me through these first few chapters. I know this chapter wasn't very eventful, but once the games start, things will definitely pick up – I promise! Anyways, please please pleaseee leave me a review and let me know what you think of this, whether or not I should continue, etc.. The amount of feedback I get on this chapter is going to determine whether or not I keep going with this story. You honestly have no idea how much it means to me when I get a new review, favorite, or follow on a story :P On another note, check out my other story, which I'll hopefully be updating within the next week. It's a Modern Day AU Clato story, so if you liked this, you'll probably like it :) Again, thanks for reading & please REVIEW – I'm begging you! ~xoxo~