have the upper hand over me again. No more dammit! No more!" Everdeen tried to digest what he was being told. Attempting to calm the Prince, to dissuade him from this genocide path, he tried to reason with him. Not every woman is evil, he had tried to state. Perhaps if the Prince allowed him to choose a bride carefully, he would pick someone purer of heart for him. But the Prince roared at Everdeen, and cut him off. "You will do as I tell you! You will go to the districts, you will choose a virgin bride every day, and send her on the train to me here, in the Capitol. Every morning at sunrise, that woman will be put to death, and you send me another. If you fail Everdeen, it will be your head on the block. You have a week to line up the first of my brides. Go!" Everdeen simply bowed, and retreated from the Prince's chamber immediately. He had hoped that the Prince was simply still in shock over his late wife. The young gentle Prince of Panem would not do this bloodiest of acts, surely? Forcing himself not to think of an alternative, for his daughters needed him not to fail, Everdeen began at the closest district, the district Glimmer originated from. District 1. He lined up all the names of potential brides, had them checked for their purity, and set up a reaping bowl outside the town hall to select names to send to the Capitol every day. One by one, he watched them say their goodbyes to those they loved, not realising the fate they were heading to in the Capitol. He hoped secretly that the Prince would forget his plans, would have a change of heart. So, it was only when he saw for himself, the wooden boxes returning day after day, the grieving families receiving them, that he realised. Prince Peeta was lost forever. And he had blood on his hands. xXx Word had spread across the Districts of the Prince's scheme. Of the girls sent off to the Capitol, only to return in boxes. Memorials had been set up in tribute of their bravery. Soon, they themselves were to be referred to as tributes, as everyone began setting up their memorial the moment they were reaped from the bowl. Everdeen soon ran out of potential tributes in District 1. So he travelled outwards, to District 2, where he found four more. Then outwards again, to three, four, five. Only a handful between them all. There was an increase in girls visiting the slagheaps, desperately ridding themselves of their purity to keep their names from the reaping bowl. Where once they would be shamed, now there was nothing but understanding. Marriages had spiked in the two weeks that he had been travelling through the districts, until eventually he reached the district he had been dreading. District twelve. Everdeen had glanced at the banns after arriving at the station, for the town hall was next door. He recognised so many names. The youngest was a twelve year old called Posy; his neighbour Hawthorne's daughter. He did not know whether to feel relieved or apprehensive when he did not see either of his daughter's names in the list of upcoming nuptials. Returning home, Prim excitedly spoke to him of all the weddings the town had recently seen, and all the babies she hoped to help deliver in the coming months. Delly Cartwright had wed Thom the butcher's son. Gale had married Madge Undersee, the mayors daughter. He knew that no matter what the rest of the town had heard, his youngest daughter's glee showed that she had escaped the rumours, had escaped the horrific reality to the situation. Katniss merely stared at her father's hunched frame as he stared at his untouched dinner at the kitchen table. He knew that Katniss must know. She would be the reason Prim was in the dark, had managed to protect her childlike innocence, and suffered herself for it. He also knew that if he did not send a bride soon, the Prince would settle for his head instead. When Prim had retired to bed finally, Katniss asked her father if the rumours she had heard were true. He could not lie to his daughter, so he sighed and put his head in his hands. "Why would you agree to something like that? Surely it can't be true?" So he told her, how he witnessed the coffins return, how the Prince was no longer recognisable as the loving and forgiving Prince that Panem once knew. How there were no more options available in any of the districts. "So...if you fail to send any more. Wh- what happens then.?" At the question, he gives his eldest eye contact for the first time. He expected to see hatred in her eyes. Instead he saw the same strength he always drew from his daughter. So he was honest with her. Katniss contemplated in silence. Her father felt there was no other option available to them; she could see his thoughts as clearly as if they were her own. He would say his final goodbyes to them, give them as much as he could, would ask the Hawthornes to take them in. And then he would return to the Capitol, to his fate. Unlike Katniss, he could not see any other option. But she could. So the next day, when the reaping bowl stood untouched, and her father stepped up to the podium to speak to the town, to wish them goodbye, her voice cut him off before he began to exhale. "I volunteer!" All eyes turned to her. The sea of people parted in front of her, leaving a clear path between her and her father on the stage. Her father, who was staring at her in horror. But she would not let his look deter her. She cleared her throat, and boldly repeated. "I volunteer as tribute."