to know?" " Katniss," He stops packing long enough to answer. "Those were all gifts from my exes." Katniss laughs. " And you still have them? Why?" " Never really got a chance to throw them away." " But why so many? One for every girlfriend?" He laughs as he grabs her hand and leads them back over to the box. He takes the one Katniss has. " This one was from one ex who insisted I was too hostile; stressed from work. She said it would help me relax." He grabs another one. "This one was supposed to do the same. This one, is was to help me sleep. This one was for my birthday." " How many girlfriends have you had?!" He laughs. " 90% of these were from one ex who thought everything could be solved with some 'poofy' love. She sent me most of them after I broke up with her. Then," He digs through the box and pulls out one. "My next ex gave me this one and I'd honestly had too much from this one!" He gestures to the box. "I dumped her on the spot." " So all these are from two exes?" He nods. " Yep, Crazy and Nice Girl..." " Nice Girl? Sounds like you still like this girl..." " Wouldn't know. We didn't really get that far." Peeta looks at the stuffed animal. "She could have been the one but..." He shrugs. " I got in the way?" " No!" He shoves the stuffed animal in her face. "This did, which broke us up and then a lot later, I met you." Peeta throws the toy back into the box and grabs her hand. "The love of my life." " Yea, yea, yea." She waves him off before she continues to the next box. Peeta wraps his arms around her waist to watch her. " You going to check all my boxes?" He kisses her neck. " What's this?" Katniss pulls out what looks like a police uniform. " Oh, that's my stuff from my patrol days." He helps her look through it. "My uniform, old vest, old t-shirt from the academy..." " Why would you throw these things away? These are part of your memories; your past." " Hey," He pulls out an old picture. "This is from our graduating class." He keeps digging. "What's this?" " Looks like an award, 'In recognition of outstanding service, honor, and loyalty.'" Katniss reads. " I got promoted after this..." He tells her. " I still don't understand why you would throw this away. Any of it!" " Because..." Peeta kisses her cheek. "You don't like this part of me." " Peeta," she turns in his arms to face him. "This is how we met." " You don't like that I'm in danger all the time..." She grabs his face. " True, but without this," She grab something from his box. "You would have never made it to the FBI. We would have never met. We wouldn't be in love or be where we are today." " Katniss-" " Yes, I don't like you being in danger but I love you. All of you. That includes your past, Peeta. I'd never ask you to get rid of this." " You don't have to. Eventually, I'll quit and the last thing you're going to want around are reminders-" " Of our past? Of who you are?" She shakes her head. "I love you. You should keep this box." He looks down at the box. " You sure?" " I'm positive. I saw the way your face lit up when you pulled out that picture. I know you want to keep it too." " I do. I just didn't think you'd want me to." She gives him a deep kiss. Peeta closes the box back up and moves it to the other pile. " Of course I would. If only for that shirt." " My old shirt? Why?" " You know how I like to wear your shirts to bed. That one looks like it might fit me better too." " That's because it's from back in the day when I wasn't rippling with muscles!" They both share a laugh. Katniss throws her arms around him, kissing him passionately. " How about we take a break from packing?" Katniss runs her hands up the front of his shirt. " And do what?" She sighs before she rests her head on Peeta's chest and lets out a laugh. For an FBI agent, sometimes he could be so clueless. The room downstairs was where he kept all that stuff. He had more now, from several years with the FBI, so the room was almost like a shrine; decorated with plaques, awards, his old uniforms. He very seldom went into the room anyway; it was only on days when he wanted to remember or worse, when he'd listen to the police scanner. On those nights, Katniss was afraid that he'd go out and do something stupid. But the worst part of it was that Katniss feared Peeta missed those days; that he'd want to go back. He'd always put a stop it to her worries by denying that he'd ever go. But that's where she found him. "Peeta? What are you doing?" He's sitting at the desk, stroking his chin pensively. "Nothing." He turns down the scanner, knowing how much she hated when he listened to it. "Couldn't sleep." "Something on your mind?" He shakes his head. "No." He stands and kisses her sweetly. "Go back upstairs. Get some sleep." "Are you coming?" He walks her to the door. "Yea, just let me turn off the radio." Peeta kisses her once more. He walks back over to his desk and finishes up the text he was in the middle of sending. He puts the sketch he was working on back into the desk then turns off his radio. Tomorrow, he'd deal with what was on his mind.