that upstairs room. Holding my breath, I watched as they inspected every corner of the second level. The Career boy from Two looked under my bed and flung it from above me. "Look who I found-" I screamed, jumping up and hitting the boy with my stick. His brown eyes immediately turned silver-gray and he fell to the floor, twitching and coughing up so much blood I knew I killed him. His cannon shot out. I make a desperate escape to run, but I was caught. "We meet again, Lost Hope," Fuchsia said, her hatchet ready to kill. The girl from Two and the boy from Four were holding my sides. The girl from Four and Platinum watched, glaring. I was going to die. Hungry, thirsty, scared, just like at home. Fuchsia shouted "I bet you regret killing my ally and scaring my District Partner. Well, now today is your deathday!" She swung the hatchet in my stomach. Blood splattered onto her, followed by my screams. She laughed viciously "You knew it was coming! You knew it!" Fuchsia swung her hatchet into me so many times that my blood made the Careers holding me loose their grip. I was on the floor, staring up at the ceiling, then Fuchsia's face. Her face was red with my blood, her eyes wide and wild with victory. "You won't be recognized when I'm through with you," Fuchsia promised. She swung her hatchet at me again. I couldn't believe I was alive when she finally stopped. "Now let us all watch as Lost Hope slowly looses her pitiful little life…" I let out a scream, followed by blood. Darkness came at the corners, finally. I dropped my stick, letting it roll on the floor. I closed my eyes and sobbed. "Oh shut up!" I opened my eyes, just to see Fuchsia aim her hatchet at me for the final death blow. I blinked, finding myself staring at Hope from the balcony. "Is it all true?" I choked out. "Yes, it is," Hope said. "Not all tribute's deaths are as horrific as mine will." She waited for me to answer. I had nothing to say, so she continued. "What must it be like? Well, it is answered, Lakeshi. And the Capitol you reside in cheer it on. It was nice talking to you." She raised her stick. "Wait!" I screeched "How do you know all this? And is your stick some magic thing? Who are you?" Hope didn't answer. Her eyes beginning to produce tears, she tapped my forehead and I found myself on solid ground. Shaking, I looked up at the Training Center but couldn't see Hope. Things played exactly how Hope showed me. What I could see. Her interview, and what happened the first day of the 53rd Hunger Games. I didn't want to watch the part when the Careers burst into the building she was hiding in, but I did. My family around me cheered when Fuchsia killed Hope, only blood and disembodied flesh when the Careers left. Suddenly enraged, I stood in front of the TV and shouted "YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS LIKE FOR THE TRIBUTES! DO YOU WANNA KNOW WHAT IT IS LIKE TO DIE PAINFUL, BLOODY DEATHS AND HAVE AN AUDIENCE CHEER IT ON LIKE IT IS A FREAKING GOOD THING?! I AM SICKENED OF YOU! SICKENED OF YOU! DEEP TO MY CORE!" I sat back down on the couch, curled up in a ball, the house suddenly, dreadfully quite. I didn't say another word for the rest of the Games. As I watched the Games (forced by my mother - "Everyone watches it, sweetie, so you must too"), I hoped Fuchsia died a death as painful as Hopes. My wish came true the 14th day when Fuchsia and Platinum ran after the pair from Seven. The boy of that District whipped around, stabbed Fuchsia in the gut, and didn't stop stabbing her until her cannon shot out. Apparently that boy was as insane as she was, so his District Partner and Platinum ran away. I didn't even care that I lost fifty bucks. Something inside me nagged to say it, so I muttered, "She deserved it." After twenty-one days in the dreadful arena, Platinum won. Hope's nature seemed to catch him, as he hardly said anything in the victor's interview. He seemed smaller, shyer, and more frightened of everything. What I noticed was that his turquoise eyes were silver-gray now. Platinum deserved it. He killed too. Finally, when the aftermath of the Games calmed down, my mother took me aside to talk. "What happened, the first day of the Hunger Games ? What came over you?" Then I told her everything. She seemed mad to know my plan of scaling up the Training Center, but then she seemed very astonished. "The girl… from Twelve… Hope Ideally… she showed all that to you?" I nodded. "I think she was mad that I liked the Games. I mean, all us of Capitolites see the Games with an entertainment factor. Hope showed me the other side of the Hunger Games, the real side: macabre affliction." My mother sucked all that in. Then she hugged me, crying, "Oh, I never knew! I grew up loving the Games, I was taught that! I was so blind! Every year, twenty-three children are slaughtered and we do nothing about it! Just cheer it on! What if it were our children dying this way?" "I want the Games to end," I said sharply. "Me too, and everyone else should. We have to tell everyone!" I expected this kind of enthusiasm from my mother. But she really still doesn't understand. She doesn't understand what it really is like to be a tribute. Only me and Hope truly do. And every other tribute ever, dead or alive, in the sadist Hunger Games. A review will be appreciated! Love that people are just reading it! It took me most of the week to get this just right.