told me sternly. "Don't you ever forget that." " I always wanted to be like you," I said confidently when we pulled apart again. "You are brave and selfless and strong. You survived the Hunger Games twice and lead a rebellion!" Momma frowned again and I wondered briefly if I'd just got my sister into trouble. "None of that matters if I haven't succeeded in being a good mother," She responded with a troubled expression. "I only ever wanted to protect you. I hope you know just how much your father and I love you." Leaning forward, I pressed a kiss to her cheek. " I know, Momma. I love you too." After that night two years ago things changed for the better. But when I turned thirteen I fully expected Mom to slip back into her depression especially as my birthday was so close to the date Aunt Prim died. Dad said that we should carry on as normal, although Lily insisted on visiting twice a week. She got married and moved into town a year ago. Archer moved to District 3 around the same time to study mechanics but even made arrangements to come home. I awoke that particular morning in December with a knot of anxiety in the pit of my stomach. The house seemed quiet which was not a good sign. But as I padded down the stairs I could hear gentle murmurings from the kitchen. Mom, Lily and Archer all sat around the table while Dad stood at the kitchen counter icing a dozen cupcakes. "What's going on?" I asked cautiously, accepting a cup of hot tea from my sister. "We're spending the day together as a family," Dad replied simply. After breakfast Momma suggested we take a walk. We bundled ourselves up with coats and scarves and gloves. Dad packed a small bag with a flask of hot chocolate, five cups and the freshly decorated cupcakes. The path we took was familiar to us all. Mom and Dad took us to the meadow many times during our childhood. Snow had already begun to settle on the ground and it crunched beneath our boots. My parents walked slowly, hand in hand, as they lead us all across the meadow towards the edge of the forest. They came to a stop in front of a row of spindly bushes under a willow tree. They were bare from the winter frost and yet I still recognised them as primrose bushes. "I never got to bury my sister," Momma spoke suddenly. "Years ago your father planted primrose bushes along the side of the house, as a sort of memorial to her. I appreciated why he did it but the Village had only been Prim's home for about a year. I wanted to create a more meaningful resting place for her. Our old home was destroyed in the bombings and The Seam was completely rebuilt. The only place that felt right was out here in the meadow." Momma paused and crouched down gently, brushing dirt and snow away from a gleaming silver plaque that read : 'Primrose Everdeen – Beloved Sister' . Dad touched her shoulder comfortingly but remained silent. "She never actually came out here with me. The forest was dangerous back then but it was where I came to do what I had to do to take care of her. This forest fed us and kept us alive. I knew that she could rest safely here." One by one, my siblings and I knelt down beside our mother. Dad reached inside his bag and handed us each a cupcake, masterfully decorated with an iced primrose flower. "Prim loved cupcakes," He said with a reminiscent smile. Like a dam opening Mom began to tell us everything and anything she remembered about her sister. She took care of animals, she lost her first tooth at the age of six, she was popular in school and always got good grades, she never complained about being hungry even when she was literally starving. She was wise and sensible but could tell the best jokes to cheer up anyone feeling blue. She loved children. "Well Aunt Prim," My sister announced, interrupting Momma's heartfelt monologue and gently touching the silver plague with her gloved fingers. "It's a good job you love kids…because in about seven months you'll be a Great Aunt." As my sister's revelation sank in and Dad burst into tears of joy I couldn't help but wonder if Aunt Prim was perhaps floating on a cloud somewhere, watching us all with a smile. My family has taught me so many important lessons throughout my life but the most comforting of all is that even after tragedy and heartache things can be good again. My Dad once said that our lives aren't measured in years; they are measured in the lives of the people we touch around us. Aunt Prim touched me and yet I never even knew her! Momma will always grieve for the sister she lost. But because of that sacrifice, Momma now has other reasons to be happy. As my parents and siblings began to walk back across the meadow I paused for a moment to touch the plaque dedicated to my Aunt. As the voices of my family faded away the sound of the wind in the trees became almost like a melody; the words to which will forever be written in my memory. Deep in the meadow, under the willow A bed of grass, a soft green pillow Lay down your head, and close your sleepy eyes And when you awake, the sun will rise. Here it's safe, here it's warm Here the daisies guard you from harm Here your dreams are sweet and tomorrow brings them true Here is the place where I love you. I got feels writing this so I hope it touched you too. Please do leave your thoughts and comments. I'd love to hear what you make of my characters. Thank you!