Peeta. His only advisement was to actually listen to the doctors, but honestly Peeta didn't know what it took to be cleared from this hospital. He'd been there five years and counting; there was no end in sight for him. Finn had confessed to him that he had met the most beautiful girls ever and he was going to get better for her. And one day he did. Finn had hugged Peeta tightly as he got ready to leave. She's having my baby, he whispered to Peeta. He could only wish Finn the best. Finn promised to send him a picture when his child was born. And you have to get better too, so that my kid can know their godfather. He patted Peeta's shoulder one last time before he left leaving Peeta to contemplate Finn's words. They had become great friends in his two year stay, but how had he become a godfather all of a sudden? It didn't matter though; Peeta was never getting out of this place. It was a year later that Peeta met a young woman by the name of Annie. Like him, she had fallen into a depression when her husband died. At least he died living his dream, she had said one day. Peeta's heart tore some when she showed him the picture of her family; it was a picture of his friend Finnick, their son, Finn Jr., and her. She was trying to get better for her son. Peeta admired Annie curiously. So she was the reason for Finn's turn around. She was nice and Peeta figured she had to have some sort of magical powers to have gotten Finn to turn his crazy act around and settle down. It made him sad to think that Finn had passed, but as he looked down at the picture in his hands, he wondered if him being the godfather was actually official or not. Regardless, Peeta talked to his grandmother and asked her to find out Finn Jr.'s whereabouts. It wasn't long before Annie raved about how Finn Jr. had a long lost relative. She was in contact with him and he had let her know his godfather had sent him a gift. Peeta never let her know it was him; he didn't care if it was unofficial. If anything, Peeta felt he owed it to Finn for always being a great friend. One day when he got better, he'd meet his godson like his friend had asked. It wasn't until he turned eighteen that he was able to leave the hospital. He finally found out why it was that they kept him there so long. Daddy had a lot of money invested in him and in that place. By them telling his father that he was better meant taking away a huge source of their income. Peeta had scoffed at the situation, but in a way, he was grateful. Had he not been there so long, he never would have met Finn and Annie; he was thankful for them and always would be. The doctors tried everything to get him to stay, but they couldn't keep him there any longer. The only other option they threw at him was to stay and learn, at the school; that it wasn't healthy for him to just rip out what has been the norm for him for the last eight years of his life. "You're not actually buying any of this horseshit?" His grandmother whispered harshly to him. Peeta chuckled as he had never heard his grandmother curse. He knew that he had been one of the hospital's most lucrative patients. He didn't know how much money his father had paid for his attendance both there and at school. He also knew that the hospital could have put whatever price on it and his father would have paid. At least he cared, Peeta thought, but then quickly shook his head. His father didn't care. As far as Peeta knew, his father's assistant probably just let him know that he had another expense here, and his father would have never even batted an eye at the price or what it was for. Not once, did he even come to visit. "How much to stay at school? Go to college?" Peeta asks as he walks over to the doctors. They look at each other dumbly, trying to come up with some reasonably overestimated number. "Well, it is one of the top schools in the country…" says one. "Very exclusive…" says another. "How much?" Peeta asks more forcibly. "$50,000 a year?" One of them says. "You mean a semester?" Peeta looks between them. "I mean, it is one of the top schools in the country and my father would pay anything for his son to get the very best education possible…" he adds. "$100,000 a year." One of the doctors says. "And I'm going to need money for living expenses and all that, seeing that I'm going to be able to come and go as I please…I think another hundred grand should suffice…." "Peeta…" His grandmother tries. "Nama, I can't deny myself an education." He tells her as he turns to hug her. "Besides, it's pocket change for dear old dad and I think he owes me that much." "He owes you so much more." "Well, I'll take what I can get." Peeta agreed to go back to school. He had already graduated high school, so college was up next. He managed to take on the four year workload and finish it within a little over two years. Even after everything, the doctors and his professors had been beyond proud of his accomplishments. So the second time he left, he found himself scared at what the real world had for him. He had missed so much of it. What if he relapsed and ended right back here? His grandmother's soothing hand on his shoulder was the only thing he needed to know that he was going to be okay.