going to do anything. I just want to talk with you, maybe go for a swim in the moonlight, and yeah maybe some kisses. But nothing more than we've done." I say trying to persuade her. She looks down and blushes. "Okay. I'll meet you there." "I see you didn't chicken out." I say with a wink. She sits down next to me and rests her head on my shoulder. "Of course I didn't. So anything special you wanted to talk about?" "A guy can't ask his girlfriend to spend some time out by a lake just because he wants to?" I asks, faking hurt. She giggles. "Time for a swim. I hope you brought your swimsuit." "Haha, yes. Stay here and don't you dare peak." she laughs while she gets up. She runs off somewhere into the forest. I chuckle and quickly take my shirt off. I decided to wear my swim trucks and just change later if we go swimming. I think about what I want to ask her tonight. It'll change everything. What will her family say? What will she say? Are we even ready for this? Sure we love each other, but is this the right timing? I feel arms go around my waist and I turn my head around to see Katniss smiling. I grab her and throw her into my lap. She raises an eyebrow and I start to lean in. Before our lips meet I jump into the water, dragging her in with me. She screams with laugher as she comes back up. "You little stinker! That was mean!" she yells with a fake pout. I just shrug my shoulders. She laughs more. "This water is freezing!" she says with teeth chattering. "I wasn't expecting this. Sorry. Let's get out if you want." She nods her head in response. We get out and wrap up in towels. Now is as good a time as ever. I walk over to my clothes and grab the little box. I take her hand and we sit back on the deck. We sit there for a while in silence. "Katniss, I actually do have something to ask you." "I knew you did! Silly, you can't trick me." she says with a laugh. I shrug my shoulders and give her a kiss on the forehead. "I guess not..." "So what do you want to ask me?" "You know I love you right?" she nods and smiles. "I've been thinking a lot about this. And I know promised you that I would do everything I could to give you deserved. I hope I have kept that promise to you. What I want to ask is... Will marry me?" I pull out the box and open it to show the ring I got. It's a gold band with a pearl on top. She gasps and brings her hands to her mouth. Her eyes begin to water. "I-I... Yes. Yes, yes, yes, YES!" she finally gets out. He throws her arms around my neck and I quickly place my hands on her waist. She pulls me in and I quickly bring her lips to mine. We both end up smiling into the kiss. This has been the best few months of my life. And now, I'm going to be marrying the love of my life. I pull away from our kiss and look into the eyes of my wife. I slightly hear the claps and cheers from our friends and family. She smiles at me and I return it. We face the audience and I hear the preacher speak. "I present, for the first time, Mr. and Mrs. Peeta Mellark." he announces. I look over at Mr. Everdeen and he's smiling. I guess Katniss was right, her family was overjoyed when I asked them for Katniss's hand. I take Katniss in my arms and lift her up. She giggles and I walk down the aisle. As soon as we get through with the cake and stuff, it'll be just me and her. I smile down at her and give her a quick kiss. I groan and wipe my brow. This stupid heat! I finally get to the lake and take my shirt off. I stick my hands in and bring water up to my face. I throw my feet in and sigh. 5 more hours of this. You've done this for a year and a half, Peeta- you should be used to it by now. "I ever tell you that I love you?" I hear a voice. I smile and look over my shoulder to see my wife. She slowly sits down next to me and hands me a glasses of sweet iced tea. I take a big drink before I answer her. "Maybe once or twice." I tease. "Oh really?" She says with one eyebrow raised. She leans in and kisses me full on the lips. I kiss her back and place my hands on her swollen belly. She pulls away and smiles. "Make that 3 times, I've said it." "Got it. I won't forget it." I say with a smile. I gently rub her belly and watch her eyes glow. I feel a little tap under my hand. "The baby must be happy to feel you." she tells me. "I'll be happy to finally get to see our beautiful daughter." "You forget that it could be a boy, Peeta." she reminds me with a smile. "I didn't forget. I just hope if I say it enough times it will come true. Even though a boy would be nice. Wait, we could have twins! Then we could get both!" "No. You better not jinx me. I do not want twins." "Fine then, a girl it is." I state. She rolls her eyes and smiles. I kiss her nose and wrap my arms around. Who would've thought I'd be here today? And it's all because two people fell in love. Well, that and one other thing. I married the miner's daughter.