I fill a glass from the tap, bringing it up to his lips so he can take a sip. "Thanks," He says when he's done and I smile weakly, sitting back on the stool. We lapse into an uncomfortable silence, the only sound coming from the crackle of wood on the fire. I wonder if Gale will fall back to sleep or if I'll have to sit here until Prim or Mrs. Everdeen comes downstairs. I promised Katniss I would watch him but is that really necessary if he's awake? "I know about the plan," Gale says so suddenly that I wobble on the stool. " Her plan," He clarifies. "To leave 12." I sniff and shrug nonchalantly. "Its not gonna happen," I say, staring at the ground. "Not now anyway." I don't mean to word it quite like that and I feel almost guilty when I see the look of sorrow in Gale's eyes. He lifts his head a little and grimaces. "She can't let this stop her," He says seriously. "She told me about Snow and his threats. If you and Katniss are in danger you should get out of here while you still got time." My mouth hangs open a little. Did he really just suggest what I think he did? "Gale," I stutter. "It's not as simple as all that." He frowns deeper. "I don't see what's so complicated," He replies. "We used to talk about it all the time. We had a plan. You and her, you take your families, you head up to the fence line in the middle of the night and you keep going. Head east until you're far away from here." "And what if they come looking for us?" I ask, indulging him for just a moment. "You tear up some clothes and bloody them up a bit," He says like it's the most obvious thing in the world. "It'll look like an animal attack. They'll declare you dead and be done with it." It's not a half bad plan but it won't work nonetheless. "She won't go...without you." I say with a sigh, scrubbing my tired face with the palm of my hand. Gale doesn't respond to that straight away. He stares off like he's looking at something in the distance, the scowl on his face growing with each passing minute. "I'm no good to anybody right now," He says miserably. "I'm as good as dead now that Thread has me on his radar. If I went missing they'd never stop looking for us." His eyes focus again and he captures my gaze. "Mellark, you have to convince her to leave." I can't help it, I snort. "Have you met Katniss Everdeen?" I ask incredulously. "There's nobody who could convince her to do anything she doesn't want to do. She won't do it for you and she certainly won't do it for me." "She'll do it for Prim," He says with great confidence. And I agree with him. Katniss would do anything to keep her sister safe. It's what got her into this whole mess in the first place. "Please," Gale begs. "I need her to be safe. Even if it means sending her off into the forest with you and leaving me behind." Gale's selflessness only makes me feel worse. What does he expect me to do? Carry Katniss, kicking and screaming, away from 12? Away from him? "You love her," I say quietly, sadly, not daring to look him in the eye. 'And I think she loves you,' I think to myself. "So do you," He replies simply and takes a deep breath. "But we can't be enemies, Peeta. We fell for the same girl but we have bigger issues right now than who Katniss will end up with. The Capitol is the enemy. Everything else is insignificant." I open my mouth to respond but clamp it shut at the sound of footsteps behind me. I turn to see Mrs. Everdeen, with Prim behind her, coming into the kitchen. "Oh, good morning Peeta," She greets with surprise before looking past me at Gale. "I didn't think you'd be awake yet. How are you feeling?" Gale insists that he is fine but Mrs. Everdeen sees straight through his bravado. She gently lifts the cloth covering his back and Gale moans into the table. I feel my stomach flip. "I'll get more snow," Prim says, pulling on her boots and slipping out the door. "Stay close to the house," Mrs. Everdeen calls after her. "It's quite the blizzard out there." She sets to boiling water on the stove and laying out fresh bandages on a small side table. She takes a vial of morphling and pulls it up into a syringe. I close my eyes to stop the room from spinning. I've never felt right around needles. "Will you stay for some tea, Peeta?" She asks just as I stand up. I grab hold of the edge of the table and even through his pain Gale manages to smirk at me. "Oh, no thank you," I decline, reaching for my jacket and satchel hanging by the door. "I better check on Haymitch before the storm gets too bad and we're all snowed in." She smiles in understanding and thanks me for the bread. I grip the door handle, bracing myself for the icy weather outside. "Mellark," Gale calls to me and I look at him over my shoulder. "Thanks for yesterday…and for sitting with me." He doesn't say anything else but his eyes say more. They say 'remember what we talked about…keep her safe'. I nod and take my leave, making the short walk across the snow covered to green to Haymitch's house. There's no question of me keeping Katniss safe. Gale didn't really need to ask. I will do anything I can to protect her, because that's what we do… we protect each other. I hope you enjoyed reading this! Please review and let me know what you think.