him slack jawed waiting for him to explain. "He worked it out the first performance after we slept together. He said we went from looking like two tightly wound cats in heat, to a couple of smoking felines prepping for round two. He actually thought the act improved from it. More focus apparently. Your job here's safe no matter what, OK?" She could only find it in her to give a slight nod of her head. "Look, it's fine if you want to keep it as it is, I'll take what I can get. Don't worry about it OK?" But she knew that wasn't enough, it could never be enough for him. Such a caring and sweet man deserved more than that. Deserved more than she could give. And the least she could give him was an explanation behind her reasons. "Peeta?" "Yeah?" "I haven't told you why I don't like magic." There were no words in response from the man holding her, only the slight increase in pressure of his hand on her lower back, and the gentlest of strokes in her hair that told her to continue. "My father, he loved magic tricks. He was never great at them, but we let him believe he was better than he was." She focused on the motion of his caressing fingers in her braid. "Well, my father died, and my mum fell into depression. I suddenly found myself having to look after her and Prim." Figure of eights on her back, back and forth, back and forth. "I never really got fooled by magic then, but I used to accept it all the same. Fall under its spell. But it was snatched away from me when my dad died. Magic abandoned us, hurt us all. I promised I would never waste my time with magic ever again. If I didn't, then it wouldn't trick me or hurt me." They remained silent again for a while, focusing on the faint whirr of the ventilation fans in the theatre. "Katniss?" "Hmm?" "Are we still talking about magic now?" "...not really, no." More silence. Her left leg had begun to fall asleep, but she didn't care. "I'm not going to leave you, you know, no matter how much you try to drive me away. And I don't intend to hurt you. I'm in this for good. I meant what I said. I'm yours, for as long as you want me." He seemed to contemplate for a few moments, before having an air of determination in his voice as he continued. "And I want to stop sneaking around. I want to take you on a real date, and shower you with gifts, and hug you whenever I want because I'm yours and you're mine. It doesn't have to be right now, but...I'd like to know you're open to it someday." Was she open to it? She wasn't sure how to think about that question. She had tried to convince herself it was just sex, but that was just kidding herself. Not two hours ago, she wanted to rip that redhead's throat out. His magic had wormed its way into her heart and cast its spell there. "Hey, look, if you want to forget this conversation, that's fine. I did think maybe you felt something else, but – " "Peeta..." " – it's OK. I just gotta go shut off the lights then we'll make a move – " "Peeta!" He'd been ignoring her until that moment, but looked back at her shyly, a hint of disappointment in his eyes that she wanted to kiss away. So she held out her hands to him. "Pick a card." "Er...what?" "Pick a card." "You're not good at card tricks Katniss. And, also, you don't have any cards..." She rolled her eyes at him. "Just humour me, will you?" She held her hands out to him again. "Now pick." He mimed taking one from somewhere near the middle of her 'deck' and she rested her hands back in her lap. "Tell me, what's your card?" "Er, it's a bit early to be asking that isn't it?" "Just tell me." She knew he was trying to work out what she was getting at. But he sighed, and played her game. "OK...the five of diamonds." "That's not it. Try again." "What? Er, OK…the ten of spades then?" "Nope. Really look." "Are you trying to get me to do a mind reading trick or something? You know that's not how those work, right?" Katniss simply laughed, but quickly turned serious again at the lost look he was giving her. "Peeta...you don't need a mind trick here." Her voice had fallen to a hush. "You know what card that is." She could tell he was internally debating whether to trust what she was telling him. After what felt like minutes of blue eyes holding silver, he responded disbelievingly. "...the Queen of Hearts...?" Katniss raised her hand to brush a stray lock of hair away from his forehead. "The Queen of Hearts. As long as you keep that card with you...I'm yours Peeta." "You mean...you'll allow it?" The disbelief had her grinning, eliciting a mirroring grin of his own. "I'll allow it." He dipped his head to give her a slow kiss, brushing his lips tenderly against her own. After a few minutes of laying on the floor together, Katniss had to give in to her numb limbs and began to stand. "So shall we head to yours or mine?" "Er...actually, I think we need to go through our act a bit more first." He gave her a devilish grin before continuing. "What do you think about practising the water tank act?" She gave him a wry smile and lifted her eyebrow suggestively. "Oh, I think we need quite a bit of practise with that one." "Excellent." He retrieved the handcuffs from the floor. "Because I think it's only fair after what you just did to me, that I get you wet." xXx