style kill. I pray that the tribute will not notice me, I'm flat out on the ground, thanking my smallish frame and to my absolute luck as the tribute moves on. I hear her scream however and watch as she thumps to the ground her head bludgeoned in and a boy runs past with his District partner and I hear something as the canon sounds above marking the girl's death, it makes my blood chill. The two are laughing over their kill. 5. Shimmer Carlton, Female, District 1. I was reaped and I am ready. I've been waiting for this, I am eighteen one of the eldest and now the older you are, the more likely you are to be in the Hunger Games. I am lucky I've been training with my brothers. Thats what happens when your the only girl among four brothers, you have to be tough in order to live with yourself. But this time the arena is more high tech than I have seen it on my television back home. I can't see or hear the capitol and I've heard there is a forcefield ever since that boy a few years ago tried to claw at some of the public to get their help. The boy from two years ago who had coined the phrase 'bloodbath' for opening part of the games where tributes battle to gain control of the weapons was right. It was gory but as I speared a tribute through the heart, one more down was my thinking strategy, I flicked my hair back and caught a camera in a nearby tree. I lowered my spear when I realised I was the only tribute left by the horn, as the others had all fled into the trees surrounding the arena. I looked at the camera and thought of the masses of people watching me in the Capitol and back home. If I won then I would not only get to go home, but the Capitol will endorse me. All the victors are beginning to get compensated for their valour or something and they are building sites in all the Districts called the Victors Village, giant mansions where the victors can live in peace. I belong in the Victor's Village. I walk over towards the camera and stroke my hair out of my eyes pouting a little, it worked with the boys back home when I wanted something, maybe it would work here in the Capitol too. They love fashion, popularity and expensive things, in those ways we are very much alike. I blow a kiss to the camera and wink before picking up my spear again and tossing a sentence back over my shoulder, "eighteen down and five to go." I sat in the horn marking it as my own territory for the final five tribute to see, daring them to attack me with my mass of weapons. No one comes near me and night falls, the games have never lasted this long before and I'm getting rather hungry. My stomach rumbles and I hear a sweet, plinking sound echo from just outside the horn and see a parachute winding its way towards me. I open it up and see a message from someone in the Capitol. We Like What We See. Inside the parachute is a canister of water and some soup, the Capitol have read my mind. 6. Sweep Pierce, Male, District 5. Tears are falling down my dirty, scratched cheeks as I run towards the nearest tree and begin to scale it, but I fall down and don't have the strength to try again yet. There are more items at the giant horn this time, they have put some backpacks around now and it's even more tempting but I'm not stupid enough to go for it like some of the others were. I grabbed a backpack on the outskirts and as I rest by the base of the tree I open it up. There is some rope, a small knife and most importantly a bottle for water and some dried fruit. The last games went on for a couple of days and most of the tributes ended up dying from lack of water, all apart from the girl from 1 who received the first ever parachute of the Hunger Games. I saw her sex appeal and it caught the Capitol's eye at once, they loved her and went so far as to spend their wealth on her. She had plenty of water where the others had none. There were a lot of 'boring' deaths as they called it, not enough bloodshed. They are making sure it doesn't happen again. The arena is much bigger than I can ever remember it being, there is a lake this time, there is a forrest, there is an wide open field and a river too. I don't want to have to kill anyone, they can't all have grabbed backpacks. Surely there are enough other tributes out there ready to kill, they can pick the others off. What if I can climb this tree? I've never climbed a tree before in my life, but I've never killed before either. There might be few things I learn for the first time today. Keep reading and reviewing, I'll keep posting the Chapters regardless however since they are all finished so this will definitely be wrapped up. If you have time I'd love for you to check out the very successful 'As Sweet as Surprises" - Charlie and the Chocolate Factory fanfic. I have had something huge in the works for ages but am holding off on posting chapters because I want it to be completed before I begin. Far easier to update when it's already written. It's something far darker than anything I've written before and I'd love if you had some guesses as to what it could be. That's all I'm saying for now, I might post a clue at the end of this story. xoxo