half. Everyone's so rowdy after games, and they're probably gonna stop for food, and I just…" she trailed off and her cheeks looked pinker than usual. Thom placed his hand on the inside of her wrist. She looked up at him, her eyes shining. "Yeah, that's fine. Katniss lives kind of far out, but if you don't mind that's no problem." "That would be perfect! Thank you!" Before she could stop herself she flung her arms around his neck and he could feel her place all her body weight into him as her feet lifted off the ground. Thom hesitantly wrapped his arms around her back before placing her back down on the ground. They both then seemed aware of their surroundings, as it was Thom's turn at the concession stand. Delly backed away with a small wave and a big smile as he placed his drink order. The game ended with a victory for their team and no more instances of Cheer Sex for Thom. Gale had been a star the entire game. The crowd rushed the gym floor when the buzzer rang. Gale pulled Katniss into a sweaty embrace before she pried herself away laughing. Thom saw Gale's smile falter when she turned back to Peeta but he was soon bombarded by other fans so Katniss and Peeta got lost in the crowd. Thom reached forward and shook Gale's hand before his eyes landed on Delly who was standing off at the side of the gym. He felt a tug on his sleeve and he turned to see Katniss and Peeta. Katniss's face was red and Peeta was just staring at her. "Um, Thom, you don't have to take me home. Peeta said that he could do it. He lives closer to me anyway. I don't want to be a burden," Katniss said so quietly Thom had to lean in to listen. Thom had to fight his laughter. Oh yes her reasoning is that she just didn't want to be a burden to him, not that she wanted to make out with Peeta in his car until the last possible minute of her curfew. "You're not a burden, but if that's what you want to do that's fine," he said. Katniss smiled at him and he looked over at Peeta. "You take care of her okay? Hawthorne will kick your ass if she doesn't get home safely. And then he'll kick my ass." Peeta just nodded, only looking away from Katniss to briefly reassure Thom with his eyes that this was okay. Thom started to walk away from them and towards Delly. She stood against the wall holding a small duffel bag. "Where's Katniss?" she asked as he approached. "Uh, Peeta's actually going to take her home," he replied. Delly just threw her head back in laughter. "Oh my goodness, that is his dream come true. He's had such a crush on Gale's friend since the first time he saw her," she said, her voice lilting. Thom just cocked his head at the admission and they fell into step while moving towards the parking lot. "Thanks for driving me. I just get such bad headaches on the bus," she added. "It's really no problem," Thom insisted. She gave him another brilliant smile as they walked in silence. When they reached his car, he wondered if he should be embarrassed at his old, used Camry, but Delly didn't say anything as she opened the door and hopped into the car. She looked at his CDs that Katniss had left scattered. "Oh, I love Ke$ha! I know she's trashy, but if you try to say her stuff isn't catchy you're a liar," she explained. Thom looked at her in amazement. "Exactly! Katniss was making fun of me, but Ke$ha makes a road trip go by so much faster," Thom said. Delly nodded. "Although hopefully not too fast," she said while making eye contact with Thom. He gulped. They were having cheer sex right in his frontseat. Thom finally started his car and they both burst into laughter as lyrics about a gold trans-am filled the air. The drive back went by quickly. They sang along to songs and chatted about the game and the basketball team's chances in the next round. They laughed over how Peeta materialized by Katniss and how taken she was by him. When Delly finally directed him onto her street, he realized their time was up. He pulled into the driveway of her house which to his eyes was practically a mansion and she looked to him with a sad smile. "Thanks for the ride," she said softly. "It really was no problem," he replied. She opened the passenger side door and stepped out. He watched as she walked to her door. He turned his gaze away and took a few deep breaths. To say he was scared when a knocking came at his window less than a minute later would be an understatement. He turned and saw Delly laughing at him. He rolled down his window. "Hey sorry, I left my bag," she explained at her sudden reappearance. Thom leaned down and grabbed her duffel and passed it through the window. She took it and dropped it to the ground before she pressed her lips to his. It took him a moment to properly respond to the kiss, but soon her arms were wrapped around his neck across the barrier of his car door. His hands slid up to cup her face. After a heated couple of minutes they pulled apart. "I'll see you Monday," Delly murmured as she took one last look at him before picking up her bag and heading to her front door. Thom knew he needed to get home fast before he did something stupid like get out of the car. That night, Thom dreamed about Delly in her cheerleading uniform unbuckling her seatbelt and leaning over from the passenger seat to wrap her lips around his cock. Thanks for reading!