any other time but right now, she wants to finally know what it's like to have him inside of her. He's struggling with the condom so Katniss take it from him and puts it on for him. She eagerly welcomes him between her legs then just like that they're one. They rock together at a steady pace, for a moment truly enjoying the heat between them. But the pace isn't enough for long. Her delicious moans, the taste of her skin between kisses, the slickness of their bodies makes Peeta sexily moan into her ear. "Peeta..." She moans and he almost comes undone. His senses are on overload but he refuses to be the first to reach his end. Peeta picks up the pace, really burying his hips into the mattress. Her moans become erratic and her nails dig his forearms then his back. He grinds his hips hard into hers, increasing is speed impossibly fast, and suddenly Katniss loses her voice. She throws her head back, the sweat rolling down in droplets over her face, as she comes. Peeta buries his face her neck as he groans through his climax. "Fuck me..." He barely manages to get out before he collapses on top of her. "I knew it would be good between us but never like that." He says almost too quickly to understand. Katniss traces a path with her nails through the hair at the back of his neck. "You thought about this?" Peeta scoffs. He rolls to the side and plops down next to her. "Thought about this, masterbated to this...oh yeah." He welcomes her into his embrace when she turns into him. "I guess I was the only one..." He baits and this time it's Katniss' turn to scoff. "I fantasize about you regularly." "Really? Care to share?" "Well, one fantasy would get me fired." Peeta chuckles softly as he places a gentle kiss into her hair. "When you graduate, we'll try that one out, okay?" "What's with you being all...happy?" Johanna asks. "I'm not happy." But Katniss can't hold back the smile that crosses her face. "And there's that all-telling smile..." Jo counters. "There is no smile. I'm just glad to be going home in five minutes." "So you're not going to share your secret with me?" "No." Johanna points accusingly at her when she starts to smile again. "Listen, whatever! I have to go buy something before I leave." Jo watches as Katniss heads off to the break room. She can't help but wonder what's brought on the sudden change with her. She doesn't get to wonder for too much longer because her attention is suddenly to the newest customer that just walked through the door. "Hey, big guy!" Jo waves him over enthusiastically. Peeta shakes his head but still makes his way over to her with a smile. "Johanna, right?" She nods. "Hello again." "Hello to you." She throws back seductively. "What can we help you with today? More condoms perhaps?" Peeta can't help but laugh. "Actually-" "Hey!" Katniss greets. "Hey." He smiles back. She pushes him out of the way so she can make her way to the register and pay for what she's getting. "Ring this up so I can go." Katniss demands. "Wow, someone's rude." She definitely notices how she barely even acknowledges Peeta with her usual blushing, awkward self. Something's different and it has Jo wondering what's happened between them that Katniss isn't uncomfortable with him. Regardless, she grabs the box off the belt and goes to scan it but it's contents catch her eye. "Don't say anything..." Katniss warns but a smile slowly creeps it's way onto Johanna's face. "Oh..." Jo nods understandingly. " This is what's gotten into you." Jo turns the box over and starts reading out loud. " Larger size condoms ... With lubrication!" She looks to Peeta. "I didn't know they came any larger than you. Outside of porn, of course." Peeta chuckles but Katniss throws him a glare that makes him stop. He throws his hands up and turns away. "Katniss!" "What?" "Are you really getting it in with this monster ?!" She shakes the box in front of her and Katniss nods her head. "But what happened to your crush on Peeta?" Katniss smirks. "Everything is copacetic..." Jo shakes her head in confusion. "Just ring me up for the condoms!" Johanna does as she's told but doesn't give up on the topic. "But I don't get it! All you've been thinking about is him and now you've moved on?!" She goes to pull some money but Peeta's returned and catches her arm. "I got it." Katniss looks up at him. "It's okay. It's my fault that you're out anyway." "So? I'm the guy. I'm the one who uses them. I'll pay for them." He pulls his wallet out and hands his card over to Johanna who's mouth is to the floor. "Yea but-" Peeta cuts her off with a kiss. He pulls back but only inches away from her lips. "Shut up, Katniss. I got it." He whispers to her. "You'll pay for this, Mellark." She smiles at him making him smile back. "I look forward to it." He caresses her cheek softly before he looks over at Johanna. "Is something wrong?" Katniss turns her attention to her friend. "You got the wrong size. These are too big." Peeta drops his head to hide his blush. Katniss rubs his chest softly before she answers. "They're fine, Jo." Katniss watches Jo silently mouth an oh my god at her. She quickly finishes up the transaction and hands over the bag to Peeta. "Don't call me. Safe to say, I'm going to be busy." "Wait! So those condoms really were for your brother?" Katniss tries to keep Peeta from answering but he smiles and nods anyway. "Single?" "Here!" He jots his brother's number onto a scrap of paper and hands it to Johanna. "Tell him to buy his own damn condoms from now on!"