back against the door. I wrap my legs around his waist. He thrusts. "My room," I pant, "Is right over there." He spins us around and walks in the room and places me on the bed before shutting the door behind him. I scoot further up the bed and he stands before me. He drops his ridiculous red robe, tosses off the crown. "Come here." I say. He complies. He begins to crawl over me. I reach for the bottom of his shirt. I pull it over his head. I swear to God, I practically come at the sight of him. His chest is defined, just as I thought it would be. His arms are things of beauty. He looks like a fucking Renaissance sculpture. I suddenly become a bit shy, too taken aback by his beauty. How could I ever measure up. Peeta begins to slowly unbutton my shirt. I'm not wearing a real bra, just a bandeau. He peppers kisses all over my collar bone and down my stomach, tongue swirling in my belly button. He looks at me, silently asking for permission. I almost laugh at the fact that he feels like he needs to ask, like I don't want this as badly as he does. I nod and he pulls my bandeau off and I am exposed to him. He leans down, and takes one hardened nipple into his mouth. I sigh as I feel his tongue lap at it. He other hand works magic on my other breast. My hands scrape down his back and I try to begin to push his sweatpants off. He leans back and smirks at me. I sit up and try my best to sexily maneuver us so I'm on top. I reach for his sweats and begin to inch them down. His hipbones become visible to me. I lean down an drag my tongue over one. He makes the hottest noise I've ever heard. He lifts his hips so I can drag his pants and boxers off. As soon as I do, I know exactly what I want to do. He is so long, thick, and hard that I practically salivate. I decide to put that to good use. I immediately take him into my mouth. I swirl my tongue around the head and then take him further into my mouth, my tongue running down his length. I begin to bob my head, trying to take in as much as I can. "Fuck, Katniss." I hear him curse. "That feels so good." I continue and he starts to gently thrust into my mouth. "Sorry." I don't respond, I just lick and suck with even more vigor. Suddenly His whole body is tensing. I know what happens next and I prepare myself as he comes with a shout into my mouth. I swallow and then pull my mouth off of him with a pop. He is breathing so hard, his eyes closed. I climb back up his body and throw a leg over him so I'm effectively straddling him. He opens his eyes. "You are amazing." He says in a breathless chant. I just smile. "No, you are." I kiss up his chest and I feel him start to harden again. I grin at him. His hands moves down to cup my ass. "You have on a few too many clothes." I smile wider. "I was just thinking the same thing." He makes quick work of my shorts and panties. His fingers drop to my center and he drags them across my lips, only barely slipping his middle finger in. I gasp, "You fucking tease." He just kisses me soundly and slips his finger in all the way this time, curling and curving like he's trying to find something. Before I know it, he does. My body coils and tightens. His thumb brushes my clit and I cry out. He flicks it and then continues on curving his fingers within me. His thumb goes faster and faster and faster until I can't even handle it. I practically scream as my body contracts and convulses. "I need you." I croak out when I've regained some of my senses. He leans over me. "Do you have anything?" I nod and point to the bedside table. He goes to the drawer and finds an unopened three pack of condoms. He smiles and grabs one. He tears the package open and I watch as he slides it over his glorious cock. He leans over me and I welcome him into my mouth and I can feel him position himself. I spread my legs even further and he quickly pushes in. I let out a guttural moan. He feels so good. So warm. So thick. I'm so full of him right now. He begins a slow rhythm, but I can tell he wants more. "Faster." I whisper into his ear before I trace it with my tongue. He begins to speed up and not wanting me to fall behind he reaches between us and brushes up against my clit. I have to break away to get more air. "You're perfect." He gasps. "I can't believe this is happening." I would laugh if this wasn't the worst time to do that. "It is." I pant against his ear. "Harder." Peeta immediately picks up a pace that demonstrates what a powerful lover he is. He grabs my ass and lifts me up. He pounds into me and I close my eyes as I wrap my legs around his waist, the stars shining behind her eyelids."I'm gonna.. I'm gonna." He groans. "Come." I say. "Come for me" He does and he practically collapses on top of me. He rolls off of me, but intertwines his hand with mine. "I'm sorry you didn't-" "Shhh, we have the rest of the night for that." I prop myself up on my elbow and turn to look at him. He looks at me with disbelief in his eyes. "You really are amazing."