of someone they knew taken away too young. I reach the front of my brother's store and slip around back to the main entrance of my house. My home is hidden in the back half and upper floor of my brother's watch shop. It's the last place I want to be right now. In many ways it feels more like a prison than it does a home, but I have nowhere else to go. I sneak in the door as quiet as I can. Hoping to go unnoticed. Hoping to dive into my bed, cry and sleep until this day feels like nothing more than a bad dream. And I almost make it until the voice of my brother's wife Marigold, hits my back. "What happened to your dress?" The tone in her voice makes it clear she's displeased and judging, but not surprised I've managed to ruin my new dress. Objects are always more important than people to my brother and his wife. A trait my brother didn't inherit from either of my parents. Perhaps it was Capitol envy, but whatever the source he lived his life by it all the same. I ruined it out in the woods, beyond the district fence, where we're not allowed to cross. My dress is smeared with dirt and grass stains, because I let Gale Hawthorne take a piece of me. The only piece of me you think has any worth when you to try to sell me off for marriage in a year and half. You know, that boy from the Seam you think is lower than trash. The one who sells strawberries at our backdoor. My mind silently taunts her. "I slipped and fell." I easily lie, never looking her way. I try to pretend she isn't there, because she's the last person I want to face right now. The last person I trust when my heart is already broken. And I know my brother must be close at hand too, waiting to pounce. He lacks any real emotion or loyalty and he always has. The most selfish person I know, next to his wife. And I know it gives them both some sick pleasure out of trying to breaking my spirit. To rip the kindness from my soul and make me as ugly inside as they are. "Where have you been?" My brother's voice is stern and accusing as it picks up. The sound of his shoes moving against the wooden floor tells me he's moving closer. Choosing to ignore them, and taking a slight ounce of pleasure in knowing it only infuriates them both when I do. I shrug my shoulders and move through the kitchen, toward the narrow staircase in the back. "I went for a walk after the ceremony." I state flatly. I know I'm riling him up when his tone turns colder than usual and he begins to lash out, trying to wound me with his words. "Upset over the tributes? Had a crush on our neighbor, the baker's boy? Or perhaps, that girl was one of your filthy Seam friends." I know his words are meant to hurt me, and it only riles me up more that they do. "Who I care about is none of your business." I spit out. My words more full of fight than I even intended. Knowing I probably crossed the line. The line of respect and obedience he demands of me while I live under this roof. I quickly move up the first few stairs trying to escape before things turn ugly. But he catches me first. Latching onto my upper arm, he grips me with all his strength. A grip so tight I know it'll leave a bruise some time later tonight. He yanks me back down the steps until I'm flush against him. A try to resist, my attempts are futile, and appear only weak compared to his strength. "Watch your mouth with me, Madge. I'm the only reason you don't live in the Seam or the children's home. I'm the only reason you're alive. You'd never make it out there." He hisses into my ear, his fingers digging deeper into my arm with a warning… Obey . I want to turn around and shove him with all my might. I want to scream at him the only reason he takes care of me is, because he wants to squander what little money mom and dad left for me. I want to break one of the ornate plates, his wife spent frivolous amounts of money on, and remind him all of this use to be ours until mom and dad died. But I don't, because I know it won't change anything. And I'll only pay for it worse in the end. Holding back my anger, I muster my strength and yank my arm from his grasp. Never looking back, never giving him the satisfaction of knowing he's gotten to me, I climbs the stairs to my room, and lock the door behind me. " When you're young, you can fly, but we trip on clouds 'cause we get too high." Author's note: I revised this chapter 4/11 Some of you might be thinking you read this exact piece to a different story. And if you're thinking that, you did. I'm trying something out. I originally wrote this as a story for an OC, but the further I got into it I began to see I was writing AU version of Madge. So I'm letting the readers decide whether they like it better as Madge or an OC. So if you like this, please review and let me know. Feedback is strongly encouraged. What do you think of Madge's AU circumstances and family? Rest assured Gale does rapidly warm up as the story goes on. This was just a starting point to evolve from with them. How did you feel about Gale and Madge sleeping together? Do their intentions make sense? Are you interested in reading more?