to him so their inches apart. "You want to bet?" "What, that there's better out there then the one ?" Katniss nods. "And how exactly would you win this bet?" "Do you want to bet?" She repeats slowly. "Okay..." Katniss hands him back his phone so he can see what she was looking at. Peeta's eyes go wide as he sees Washington State law regarding statutory rape. "It's sixteen and guess how old I am..." Like a lioness in range of her prey, Katniss pounces. Their lips meet in a heated, passionate kiss. He's on his back instantly with Katniss straddling his waist. He's frantically trying to undo his jeans without bucking her off him. When she gets up to undress herself, Peeta takes the opportunity to kick off his shoes, pants, and boxers. Katniss straddles him again, his rock hard cock pushed up against her core. "This is so hot." Peeta says as he trails his hands up to cup her breasts. "So wrong but so hot. You're only sixteen?!" She leans forward, kissing him deeply to shut him up. "And you're a college guy with a huge cock." When she leans against him again, she traps his hard on between their bodies which makes Peeta hiss in pleasure. "Fuck, I want you." Her kisses trail up to his ear where she whispers several other things she wants to do to him. With a growl, Peeta blindly reaches for his pants. With one hand, because his other one is too busy caressing her sweet ass, he pulls his wallet out. Katniss sits up while Peeta finally manages to find a condom. She takes it from him, quickly placing it over his rigid cock. "Fuck me, Katniss." She smiles sexily at him before she takes both his hands off her and traps them above his head. "Oh I will." He fills her with one quick drop of her hips. With a set of guttural moans, Katniss moves with purpose. Her thrusts are hard, uneven at first. She's not used to his size or girth so it's a foreign but welcome intrusion. Meanwhile, Peeta can only groan in desire. He wants to prolong this, kiss her, flip them over and pound relentlessly for days into her tight pussy. But he's aware that they shouldn't be doing this and that their parents would be home shortly. Unfortunately, their coupling would have to be quick. "Fuck, Peeta!" Katniss moans as she grinds her hips into his, desperately trying to coax their orgasms. But she's tired and her pace is slowly waning. Lucky for Peeta, because he's fully energized and ready to go. He flips them over with a hard buck of his hips. She's too tired to protest as Peeta pins one of her legs over his shoulder. He was close and he could feel her ready for her release as well. "Please stop me if I'm hurting you..." He knew this would have to be quick and hard. He licks his thumb before thrusting hard into her. Katniss' harsh, rhythmic moans serve as the pace for his deep, powerful thrusts. His thumb circles her clit making Katniss cry out almost in agony. With another skillful swerve from his thumb, in combination with a thrust that hits her deep inside her core, Katniss comes undone. She can only see a mirage of beautiful colors while Peeta speeds up his thrusts and finally collapses on top of her. "You are a sex goddess." He whispers before placing a kiss on her lips and laying next to her. "You're not so bad yourself, stud." They both are breathing hard next to one another as they try to catch their breaths. Once her heartbeat is semi back to order, Katniss sits up on the couch. "Where are you going?" He kisses her shoulder tenderly while Katniss tries to pick up all her clothing. "Our parents are due back soon." Peeta covers his eyes with a groan. "Shit!" He sits up too. He pulls off the used condom before throwing his boxers back on. "You can't throw that in the garbage." Peeta looks between her and the used condom in hand. "Well what am I supposed to do with it?" She goes to the kitchen then comes back with a plastic bag. "Well what do I do with it now?" "I don't know but if my mom or your father find that, they'll know what we did." "No they won't." Katniss places her hands on her hips as she stares at him. "A very freshly used condom that your father didn't use with my mother, that wasn't there before they left...that only leaves two other culprits." With a sigh, Peeta makes sure the bag is tied tightly before he hides it in his duffle bag. They race around, cleaning everything up. The final touch is Katniss dousing the couch with a half a can of aerosol because she swears it smells like sex. "It seems like this is a habitual thing for you." Peeta jokes. "Actually, I've never done it in my house before." While she straightens out the new set of sheets for him, she'll figure out what to tell her mother about the ones in the laundry later, Peeta nervously scratches the back of his head. "Katniss, about what just happened..." Katniss turns into him kissing him deeply. "I know that it wasn't the best. It was rushed, fast, and all that but that doesn't mean I've lost the bet." With a wink, she heads off to her bedroom. "I'll see you tomorrow." As Peeta lay on the couch, he's not sure what to do. He's just had sex with his soon to be step sister, and she's sixteen. But he was going back to school in a week so it shouldn't be a problem. He could distance himself from her. This was all a phase, a one time thing for them, maybe a few more if things worked out right. They would be fine.