while smiling at the sight of us. The boy tried escaping Alexander's grasp but Alexander finished him off. "Well, well," Alexander said, standing up and wiping the blood from his sword with his shirt, "Three more victims. How nice." Saul shook his head. Alexander pointed his sword at us, but we had 20 feet above him. "Come down!" He shouted "Or I'll slit your throats!" "You suck at threatening people," I said. Maleah laughed. "I'll come up!" Right away from his size I knew that Alexander couldn't. Maleah shouted, "Don't even try! You aren't the only ones with a weapon!" I held up my ax and I saw Saul waving a long spear made of metal. Maleah had a serrated knife. Alexander laughed. "I'm coming for you twerps!" Alexander vanished under a fat leaf. We knew he was trying to get up to our level. I knew he couldn't but we changed trees just to be safe. "Ow! Oh you little kids! I'll get you!" Alexander stomped away. His back was covered with mud and grass. "I knew he would fall!" Saul laughed. Later that day we found out that the first cannon fire was the boy from Eight. On Day 3, we were low on food. Already. "All we got is a small pack of dried fruit and not even ten pieces of jerky," Maleah reported that morning. "I can't believe the Gamemakers would decide to have a backpack with everything but food," Saul said "and I had to be the one to pick it up." I shrugged. "We could steal from Alexander," I suggested "He's not to far from us." "But where exactly?" Maleah asked. "I dunno," Saul and I said at the same time. "Exactly. While looking for him we could be going farther away from him or, even if we do discover him, he could kill us before we could even get close enough to his backpack." "We still need to find Tech," I said "Maybe he has food. Or some other tribute." Until noon, we searched and found ourselves alone. Nobody seemed to be here in our area. "Can't you recognize any of the plants here, Annala, I mean, being from the food district?" Saul said later on as we lunched "Maybe some are edible." I looked around. I shook my head, saying, "Jungles are foreign to me." I woke up to screaming the next day. "No no, no no, NO NO, NOOOOOOO!" Silence, then there was a loud cannon. "We need to keep our eyes open," Maleah said, waking up Saul. "RUN! DON'T LOOK BACK!" "BEHIND YOU!" "A-" The scream was cut off immediately. There was hustling and growling noise that sounded nearby. A cannon went off and the noise continued. "I'm thinking there's a mutt on the loose," Saul said. "AAAAAAAH!" The next cannon was so loud, it literally shook my ears. Thats when the mutt appeared. It was like a huge dog but had thick, navy blue skin. It could see its large teeth stained with deep red blood from here. The claws were short blue are sharp as a serrated knife, and also covered in blood. It glared at us from below, its eyes a night black for its pupils and blood-red whites. I could read what it wanted, it wanted our blood, wanted to tear us apart, wanted us dead. The blood made a growling and hustling sound and vanished. It literally was there then turned invisible with patches. All but a deadly silence. "Where did it go?" Maleah asked nervously. The tree shook violently. The three of screamed as it shook harder again and didn't stop at all. "Its a bull ride, a crazy bull ride!" Saul and Maleah screamed. "We're going to die!" I cried. There was great splinting sound and the tree began to lean to one side. The tree was falling! Me, Maleah, and Saul screamed as the tree came crashing down, unable to do anything about it. It banging off the ground with a thud. I was about to scramble when I noticed the mutt was visible. It looked at me and I knew I was its next target. "Run guys!" I yelled, still motionless on the ground. "Annala!" Maleah yelled, moving from a heap of the tree's leaves. "I said RUN!" Saul forced Maleah to her feet. As the two took off, I looked to the sky and screamed. The mutt lunged at me. Its arms and legs held down my own limbs. Its claws melted into my flesh with a terrible pain. The mutt appeared to be smiling, having a happy mental celebration for a fresh kill. Its forth one, probably. I tried to struggle my way free, but it was useless. I could only move my head back and forth to avoid the mutt's vicious eyes. I could see, not so far away, Avi on the ground in a mess of blood. I knew I would look like that soon. Very soon. I felt something bite deeply into the back of my throat and I screamed. And I felt the same thing in the side of my head. The mutt jumped off me and ran in the direction Maleah and Saul had gone. I could only look into the sky again. Green leaves, large bright green leaves. The sky was a clear blue. My vision was slowly getting brighter and brighter until I could only see whiteness. Then nothing at all. District 11: Annala was a Victim. 10th place in the 2 8th Hunger Games Next in " One-Shots of Victors and Victims ": District 3: Nero Don't hate me that Annala died, I actually was mad at myself for making her die. I had a big debate on it, bigger than for what the ending would be on the previous one-shot. I had a friend who pointed out that "Annala" spelled backwards is "Alanna." I did NOT do that on purpose. Thank you for reading my story. Reviews are appreciated. :)