other kids who were 17 years old. Terra had been holding her little sister, who had been crying and screaming all night even though she was still only 11, however after a small conversation, Terra trotted over to Thalia and Atlas. She put on a happy face, but the constant rubbing of her head and drooping eyes told Thalia and Atlas that she was dizzy, which meant she probably hadn't eaten anything for at least a few days. Terra was good at hiding these things, but Thalia and Atlas trained their eyes to notice how Terra's body reacted to starvation. When she stood directly in front of them, she began to laugh and jump around, forcing them to dance again. Even though it gave each a moment of happiness, the pageant was about to begin, so Terra was forced to leave to stand with other kids her age. As usual, the reaping began with the approved speech from the Capitol, describing the country's past as a sort of heroic endeavor, as Panem rose from the ashes that once was called North America. The speech never mentions the horrific methods the country takes to keep control, as that might cause a rebellion. Then came a speech from Mayor Keene, and the only victor of District 8, Woof. Woof never spoke to anyone, he seemed distant from the rest of the world, but wasn't a drunk or a drug addict such as most of the tributes, just quiet and unresponsive. Woof stood at the microphone and said only 3 words, "Happy Hunger Games." He then sat down, his speech was not cheerful nor sad, more as if Woof was bored. The escort for district 8, the one who gave the approved speech from the capitol, owned the name Skene Greenlaw. Multiple stylists dressed him a bright purple and orange suit, which sparkled when light flashed upon it, with black bow tie. He had dark skin, and many shades of makeup plastered on his face. After both speeches had been completed, Skene stood in front of the microphone and addressed the audience. "Welcome!" He spoke with a cheerful tone, "Happy Hunger Games! Now, enough with this dilly dallying, let's get on with choosing the 4 lucky children who are allowed by the gracious Capitol to represent their district in the 50th Annual Hunger Games!" He walked over to the bowl that contained the female names, and strolled back. The entire audience was silent as he wasted time attempting to open the note. When he finally unfolded the small piece of paper, he uttered "Terra Inchcape." Shock ran through Atlas as he watched one of his best friends slowly make her way up onto the stage. He could tell that she was shaking slightly, but was still attempting to keep a smile glued to her face. Atlas mentally promised to find her during the small amount of time the tributes had before being shoved onto the train, and if Skene talked to her at all when she arrived on stage, Atlas missed it. Skene went on to pick the first male tribute. "Indigo Keene." He said allowed. There must have been at least 3 seconds of dead silence from the audience before everyone turned to their neighbor and began to talk. That was almost impossible, Indigo was the mayor's son, most saw Indigo as untouchable. Atlas looked to where Indigo was standing, he was next to the group of friends he always talked with at school. The color had drained from his face, but he had been gazing at Atlas the entire time as he began to walk towards the stage. When he arrived, he saw that his father seemed to be incapable of moving, any movements the mayor made looked unnatural and forced, and he was shaking. Skene apparently did not understand the confusion of Indigo being chosen as tribute as he stalked back over to the female bowl. Everyone settled down, and Skene was capable of reading the name without any issues of clarity, "Ivory Vipointe." Atlas recognized the name, but it wasn't until she was walking through the rest of the children that he knew who she was. She was a 13 year old girl who had lost both of her parents to a robber, forcing her into a community home. He did not know much about her past, but he knew that after that event, she rarely spoke to anyone, and seemed to flinch whenever anyone attempted to speak to her directly. Otto told Atlas to never go to the community home, as this is how he could end up, distant and scarred just like Woof. She was small, appearing too look about 9, and had tanned skin, though not as dark as Terra's skin. When she stood on stage, she looked even tinier compared to Indigo, who was six feet, and Terra, who was 5 and a half feet tall. Though, she stood strong, while never looking at anyone in the audience. The reaction of the audience was not as explosive as the reaction that Indigo received, she did not have many friends, so there was no sorrow, only a level of discomfort at a very young tribute being chosen. Skene shook her hand and put an arm around her shoulders while he laughed with glee, it wasn't evil, just oblivious. He then strutted back to the bowl that contained the male names.. Atlas was deep in thought, so he barely heard it when Skene said the words "Atlas Spectral." Because he was deep in thought, it took a nudge from Thalia to regain his senses. He looked to the stage, and many kids in the audience were staring at him as Skene repeated "Atlas Spectral." Atlas' eyes widened, and he shakily made his way to the stairs attached to the front. After he made it to the front, Skene had all of the tributes shake hands. Terra was the only one who managed to look anything but terrified.