, child, focus on me." He waves at her owlishly, and she glares. "I'm still going to save him. Look." She rummages through her pockets, discards all her trinkets and mementos onto his coffee table, nibbling on her lower lip in embarrassment at how ragged they look. Pomegranate seeds from the Underworld. The feathers of a valkyrie. A biscotti packet from a Starbucks. Poetry on scraps of paper, notes and napkins and tissue paper. A moth with eyes on its wings. A piece of metal. A sliver of volcanic glass. A mound of grey ash. An eyepatch. She holds out her arms as well, showing him her battle scars. Jagged lines, flowing script, tattoos seared permanently into her skin. All of her journey, laid out in this room, contained in so many infinite pieces of a larger puzzle. He blinks. "Extensive." "I have fought," she says. "I have fought, you stupid old man, and I have won, and I have killed and watched people get killed, and if you think I dragged my ass all the way through this fucking hellhole just to be told riddles by some old fart and get sent away like some chastised schoolgirl, then you are wrong ." She's aware that she's trembling and she doesn't give a fuck. "I'm going to save him, Mister whoever-you-are. I'm going to save him." "Why?" "Because," she snarls through chattering teeth, "I fucking love him, that's why." He nods his head, clasps his fingers. "I see." A sinister smile, bereft of warmth but filled with cunning and a cat-like curiosity. "I shall grant your wish. But there is a condition." He is in front of her in a second, his face inches away from hers, reeking of smoke and metal and soil. "You have to trade your life for his ." She nods mutely, shaking everywhere, bones rattling. "I-" She pauses, chews her lip. "Is this what you were planning on? An eye for an eye? Did you anticipate that I'd choose - shit, you know I'd save him in a heartbeat. Anyone who knew him would." "My dear," he whispers, putting a consoling hand on her shoulder, suddenly not so wicked, only amused in that leonine way of his, "I don't care about crowns or thrones or being a ruler. "I simply like," he drawls, "to watch a good game. And sometimes, I like to gamble as well." He takes a deep drag of the rose. "To be honest, when you first started, I hadn't even considered you to be such an important variable in this scheme. I know better now." He chuckles heartily. "Maybe if I'd have seen ahead a bit more, pried apart the curtains of the future wider, I'd have been more inclined to bet on you. But this is insignificant." "Annie," he murmurs, so quiet she has to strain her ears to hear, "if you save him, if you do this, you will cause a ripple in the pond, as the saying goes. Every reaction has an equal or opposite reaction." He beams, sly gambler once more. "Who knows? You might cause a larger effect than you ever intended. "Know this, however: once you make your decision, you can never go back." Death grins. "You met with Anubis, yes? Even we shinigami cannot turn back the past. "So, if you must choose, choose wisely, child." "You didn't have to ask," she responds. "I choose him." "As you wish," he replies, and they close their eyes- -and the universe spins all around them- -and in those minutes of transformation, of boundless potential in which she is Imagination and the whole of the worlds are at her fingertips, she remembers . And so does he. A kiss, a touch, a gentle smile, and a steady voice. Boats, sailboats and water-skiing and snorkeling and Galapagos turtles, and the two of them eating fried fish and plantains on a tropical coast with the sand under their feet, both of them salty and damp and happy, basking in that sunny afterglow. Books, crumpled bookmarks, sapphires and messy bedsheets. His hair always wound around her fingers, his head on her stomach, his delighted cry as she gives him the news. Swimming lanes and chlorine in pools, water buoys and inflatable rafts, and he's chasing her as she screams and laughs while he tries to tug her towel off, and a cry of, "Finnick, dammit, get away -" that fades into pleasured sighs and midafternoon kisses and sweaty bodies meshed like gears, his hands on her hips, her lips on his, his voice saying, "You're so beautiful," and she can actually believe it, for once. And she remembers. act 005 It is in a coffee shop that he sees her. Strange girl with the flower crown woven through her tye-dye curls, brown and a rainbow threaded in. She's reading something by Aristotle, the book tucked under her arm all straight pages and no crooked corners. He smiles. As she leaves, he gets out of his seat, taking his cappuccino with him. He runs after her, chases her through traffic stops and buses and a bike path which diverges and leads to a pond in the middle of nowhere. "Hey!" he calls, waving his arms. She turns, looks at him, and gives him an odd look (but not an entirely unforgiving one) and asks, "Do I know you?" "I don't think so," he pants, extending an arm. "So let's introduce ourselves. I'm Finnick. Finnick Odair." He flashes her a winning smile. She smiles back and accepts the handshake. "Annie Cresta," she replies. There's something about it that makes them feel like they've known each other for years, but they can't explain it and that's alright, because it's trivial and all that matters is this: his hands on her skin, the taste of his lips. And so, I raise my glass to symmetry , she thinks, and kisses him. a/n: reviews are greatly appreciated! also, please don't fav without reviewing, thanks. c: