stop Send all five of them stop Fine, and the cat stop I'll send my housekeeper to get them at the station stop -Haymitch I have no idea what to expect from this man. My mother didn't elaborate. She just said she knew him, for he had been with one of her best friends. She didn't mention the friend being at his house. He must be alone. I wondered why, but I shook it off. How rich is he to have a housekeeper? The train station comes into view within a couple of hours from leaving the station. The children pop up, renewed with energy, and chatter as I get the luggage down. The train comes to a stop. "Kids, come on. Everyone take your bags," I say. The bags are dispersed. Especially Rory looks weighed down, carrying the majority of his younger siblings' luggage. But his shoulders are straight. Tall. Proud. He'd try to carry them all if he could. We get onto the platform, blending in with the rest of the people, all wearing dark, heavy clothing. I can smell snow in the air. I can feel the coldness of Prim's hand, and of Posy's, through their fingerless gloves. I look around the platform, and suddenly I realize that I want to strangle our new caretaker. Haymitch Abernathy has told me nothing about what his housekeeper looks like. I have no idea what her name is, what clothes I should expect her to wear, what age she should be. Nothing. Because that man is not helpful. Suddenly I get a feeling of what Haymitch Abernathy is: A hard human who doesn't want us at all. If he wants us, he would not have made such a mistake in our coming to his house. I sigh deeply, angrily, and I hear Prim's voice. "Katniss, who are we looking for?" "Haymitch Abernathy's housekeeper. She should be here." I try to find someone in the crowd, someone looking for a large group of children. What I see is someone I am instantly repulsed by. I feel like throwing up, especially when she catches sight of us and squeals and runs to greet us. She has an enormous blonde wig. She has makeup and smells like smoke, like she smokes cigarettes in her spare time. Her eyes are done up; her clothes are bright compared to the dullness. I feel, from paintings and photos, that she is stuck in the 20s'. "Children! Little darlings!" she says, coming and hugging us all quickly. She straightens, clasps her hands in front of her, and turns to a young man who is entirely too handsome. Bronze hair, chiseled features, tall, beautiful. I stare at him and feel nothing . He must have girls falling head over heels for him. But to me he looks arrogant. "Aren't they just beautiful, Finnick?" the housekeeper says. Her accent is so squeaky. Chirpy. Posh. And what kind of a name is Finnick? "Oh, yes. If you decide that, yes, Effie," Finnick says. He grins at me. I frown coldly at him and draw the girls closer. Effie turns to us and says happily, "Hello, children. I am Miss Effie Trinket, Haymitch Abernathy's housekeeper. I'm here to take you home." She places a white hand against Finnick's broad shoulder. "This is our driver. He works for Mr. Abernathy as well. His name is Finnick Odair." "Hello, chill'uns," Finnick says. His grin never leaves his face. It's eerie. His voice rings with a sound that takes me a second to get. Welsh. He's from Wales. But his dialect is different. "We're gonna have a good time, aren't we?" The kids don't say anything. Effie bends down and looks each one of us in the eye. "You're Posy, aren't you?" she says to Prim. "Prim. That's Posy," my little sister says, pointing to Posy at my side. Effie smiles, embarrassed, and says, "May I take your hand?" Posy shakes her head. I feel triumphant. Effie straightens and clasps her hands once more. She reminds me of a clown. So much makeup. She must have gotten it from some black market or something. "Finnick, take their bags." The boys and Finnick take the bags and Effie points excitedly across the station. "Come along, children. The wagon is just across the station. We must hurry to get home for dinner. So much to do, so little time, we really must stay on schedule! I do hate being late. It's horrible. Remember that, dear children. No being late!" Effie rambles as our strange party goes through the station. We attract more attention because of Effie. But I keep my head forward, ignore Finnick's laughing face at my side, hold tight to the two girls' hands in mine. I won't let them go, and despite how strange and dangerous this place is starting to turn, I won't let them go. I may start regretting this decision to come to the country when we get to the wagon and Effie says, climbing into the front seat, "Just another hour until home, children!" Home. No. A house. The home of Haymitch Abernathy, who I have a feeling I will not like. And if I don't like him, he's not going to like me. January 14th, 1941 Dear Gale It's been a while since I got a letter from you. I was relieved to get one from you. It's from August. And the army, of course, had cut those names out. I know. I hope you had a good Christmas at least, despite the mud and danger. Prim is doing well. Still cheerful. The bombs have gotten worst, and so, Gale, Mother is sending myself and Prim to the country. I'll ask her to forward your next letter to my new address. I'll be in Sussex. I have to go help Prim with her packing. We're taking that irritable cat on the train. I hope it goes well. Your friend Katniss Whatchu think? Please tell me! Thanks for reading!