when the Games aren't happening. How small his life must seem to them, despite his size. Just another Tribute, easily replaced the next year. Eventually, he heads back towards his room, bare feet padding softly along the concrete floor. A figure near the end of the hallway makes him pause. He can see the thick arms, the wide shoulders, all he needs to identify who it is in an instant. Cato. Confusion roots him to the spot, not allowing him to move as his rival walks forward, bare-chested with a swagger to his step. Drunk is his first assumption. Some mentors are more lenient with alcohol than others. Or perhaps Cato simply doesn't care. "You humiliated me," the boy slurs. "In front of Brutus. You fucking piece of scum. Farm trash." His arm swerves wildly, revealing a jagged piece of glass clutched in his fingers. Pressing himself close to the walls as Cato advances, he prepares himself to run. Cato, apparently oblivious, continues. "I know what you are. Brutus told me on the train. They do pay a pretty coin for your lot in 11, don't they? Why don't you talk to me, whore? Too scared?" The other boy's arms wrap around him, trapping him with no room to escape. The glass hovers dangerously close to his neck, Cato's fingers shaking as he forces it deeper against his skin. Blood wells up and trickles down his collar. "Told me you would spread your legs for your escort. Didn't you, 11? So why won't you do it for me, too?" Cato's voice falters and chokes up as he presses on. "Why won't you just let me - why won't you ever speak , dammit? Think you're too good for me, 11?" He lets out a weak laugh, his breath sharp with the smell of wine. "I could have any girl I wanted. I fucked that bitch from 1. Let her suck my cock and moan until she was all used up. I could have any of them, but you - you ," he croaks, "never say what you - " Cato sniffs and the glass slips, not enough for him to pry it away but enough to give him an opportunity. Eyes watering, Cato breathes, "They said you were - " Without warning, Cato reaches and kisses him on the lips. His eyes flutter open and his hand falls to his side. Cato tastes like salt and grapes, his body feverishly warm as he pulls him even closer, forces his mouth open urgently, desperately. He thinks that this is not like the girl - not wrong, but not right. He can feel only Cato, feel his warmth and taste the panic on his mouth and sweaty, unsure fingers fumbling at his shorts. Gently, taking care not to harm him, he pulls his mouth from Cato's and presses a firm hand against the boy's chest, telling him, No. Cato blinks, dazed. Then his face crumples and he begins to weep whimpering, ugly tears, head buried against the crook of his neck. . . . . . . (It is forbidden to love in the Capitol. But the Capitol is for pleasure, and there are more pleasures than love to be discovered within the city, should one go in search of them. They claw at each other in the dark, unlearned, new and frightened and lonely. The muscles in Cato's back writhe under his touch, coiled tight underneath a layer of milky skin. Old scars line his body, faded to no more than thin lines in some areas but raised and pink in others. Neither of them have escaped pain, and when Cato arches his throat, head tilted to the sky, mouth open and incoherent - when they collapse against each other, scared of what they have done, he knows they will not live to see themselves whole once more. He holds Cato until it is time for him to go. The other boy slides off limply, clutching at his hand. "Please," Cato begs, eyes dark. "I don't want to - " And he doesn't have to finish the rest of his sentence, because he knows. He knows stillness, knows how small they are in the grand scheme of Panem, that they will fade away in the morning and nothing will remain but these tiny moments, trembling as boys under the cover of night. He kisses Cato again, to remind himself of what it's like to be real.) The Capitol is not a place for love. . . . . . . They don't see each other again until the Games have begun. . . . . . . Cato finds him in the wheatfield. By then, he has lost track of how many days have passed in the arena. All he knows then is terror. Terror, and the wish to live , more dangerous than any weapon. The arena breaks even the strongest wills, crushes them into sand, and does not spare a single thought for their deaths. He's found an axe he took off some dead Tribute. A few knives too, though they'd likely be of little use in a fight. When Cato's face breaks through the waving stalks, dirt and blood smeared across his face like paint, his hand shudders and twists with a mind of its own. This time, he's the one to strike first, bounding through the distance between them with a speed that surprises even himself. Cato looks wounded, the sword he's holding coming up sluggishly in defense. He thinks that it's idiotic, that maybe the District 2 boy wasn't as good as he thought he was. A stupid mistake to make in the Games. Sentiment. The arena is not merciful, and neither should he be. (Rue is dead and he thinks there could have been hope for her, if she wasn't born in Panem. There might have been hope for him and Cato as well, if they weren't already so ruined.) Roaring, he prepares to kill.