shrugged and said something that sounded like surprise me. I scanned the room looking for him so I could explain that I had not been pissed with him and that it was my fault for not replying. I couldn't see him so I dragged Sasha into the mass of bodies that were on the 'dance floor'. She wasn't much for dancing or being around crowds but she made the most of her last few days of freedom. Claudia came over with our drinks and we knew it best to drink them quick or end up with them all over ourselves. Slowly the night wore on and each song blurred into the next. I don't remember when it happened but the party had gone out doors and into the pool. After several more stops to get drinks I could barely think straight as I walked away from the others, snickering at all of the jokes the other two were cracking. Suddenly Claudia stood up and grabbed mine and Sasha's arms before leaping into the pool and dragging us into it with her. The cold water was like tiny daggers stabbing me and shocking my senses back into action. I looked back up at the surface and all I could think was about how fucked up life was, but I still just floated there, not at the bottom or top. Eventually I rose and took a deep breath of air. At that moment everything just seemed so meaningless. I dived down again and saw the other two rising hand in hand as thought about what I had with him and what would become of us in the future. I thought long and hard before realising that I was out of breath. I once again slowly rose to the surface, ready to dive down again when I saw her. I had hoped that I would never see that face again, those golden pigtails or hear that high pitched giggle, but there she was. Glimmer Rambin, and who's arm was it around that whore waist? None other than my prince. Cato Hadley. I could feel tears filling my eyes as I swam towards the other side of the pool. I thought I heard someone call out my name but I ignored it, I wasn't in the mood. As I walked towards the door back inside I heard someone call my name, but this time I knew exactly who it was. "Well if it isn't Faggot Finley, all grown up." It was Glimmer. Back in One she was my main tormentor, she had everything someone living in our district would want, diamonds, the latest fashion, boys and a stunning natural beauty. However, she was one of those girls who grew up knowing they were beautiful and slowly rotted away inside. In fact, I think I would have been best friends with her if I wasn't as chubby as I used to be and she didn't verbally assault me every day for the best part of eighteen years. "You know that never offended me Glimmer. But you never paid attention at school did you? Maybe that's why you always visited Sirs class every Friday after school," I shot it back harshly, knowing I couldn't show weakness to her. A wicked smirk spread across her flawless face. "You know, you've shaped up pretty well now, I may just think about letting you become my best friend after all." I caught her sizing me up, I knew I had gotten more muscular and become more attractive since I left One but I never wanted to be her friend. "That's because I starved myself because I was, and I quote you 'Fat Finley Faggot', but now that I think about it, I'd rather die than have anything to do with you. I guess the tables have turned Rambin." As I looked straight into Cato's eyes, all I saw was longing and wanting. I turned back to Glimmer. "It was nice knowing you, you narcissistic whore." As I went to walk away I heard Glimmer huff and storm off. I slowly walked away, tears filling my eyes once more as my world crashed down around me. I felt a tug at my arm and I was pulled inside swiftly. I decided it was best to look where this person was going but I couldn't see them, I could only feel their firm grip on my arm. We went upstairs and into an empty bedroom. I sat on the bed in silence as I heard the door shut and lock. The lights then turned on and I connected with those deep green eyes again "Cato, you know we can't meet like this anymore. I really like you but…but you've got Glimm-" I was caught off when he smashed his lips against mine and I felt what seemed like a spark crackle between our lips. I gasped and he took the chance to explore my mouth with his tongue. I pulled back for breath and I sighed, thinking about how pathetic I was being. He lifted up my chin so our eyes met once more. "I will never let her touch you again, you hear me? And if she tries I'll snap her neck," he chuckled to me as he once again kissed me. I slowly unbuttoned his shirt and he pulled off mine. That was when it started. My eyes filled with tears and my lips trembled. "Fuck Cato, no. You need to break up with other wise I can't believe you when you say you love me." I sobbed as I pulled my top on and he stayed frozen on the bed, not quite sure what just happened. I got up and left the room. I slumped against the wall and started sobbing as I heard Cato howl in rage and pain through the door. There was what sounded like things breaking as I walked away. "I'm such an idiot," I muttered before I left to get a taxi home.