as soft her voice was. "Don't mention it." He responded glad that even if it was just one word, the channels of communication were actually opening up. "The Primroses are doing well…" He said referring to the flowers for which her sister had been named. He hoped that maybe she would want to go and look at them. Unfortunately, she just nodded and said, "That's good…" He didn't get discouraged, two words, two syllables and a nod, baby steps, but eventually they would get somewhere important. "How have you been doing lately?" He asked, honestly caring about how she had been. He had been thinking about her every day, stopping in every now in then just for a few moments or walking by her house to glance at her through the window. He had worried about her and feared the worst while hoping for the best. This was the closest thing to honest conversation he had gotten to with her in a long time. It felt good to hear her voice. "Surviving I guess." Surviving, that's what she always did was survive, and he knew it. He knew that conditions under which she had survived, and the fact that she used that word worried him. She could survive anything and everything, that much was true, but he wanted more than that for her, and he was pretty sure he knew of something that was going on. "Nightmares?" He asked softly in a hushed tone as if it were some kind of secret. She looked him in the eyes for the first time in what seemed like an eternity, they were soft and caring, the kind of eyes that made even her cold heart melt. He really was the only one that truly understood her, the only one that ever could, and with that single worded question, she knew she wasn't alone. "Every time I close my eyes." She admitted knowing that it was no secret. "You too?" She asked already knowing that the answer was yes. "The same." He said whilst cautiously reaching out his hand to touch her shoulder. She didn't shrug him off or shift away from him, it felt nice, comforting to have him there, and she regretted pushing him away for so long. She had forgotten what his touch felt like, how it made her feel safe and like she was no longer alone. He was a god send, he had been from the very beginning, and she knew that she had hurt him; she just wished she could take it all back. "Are you afraid?" She asked not specifying what he would be afraid of, but knowing that he would understand that she meant the fear of the future and the past, what had scarred them for life and what was yet to come. Usually she was so tough and strong, but being like that was tiring, especially now being so late. It was already dark out when he had come, she hadn't asked why, and honestly she didn't care. "Terrified." He admitted as he gingerly put his arm around her. He still loved her, even after all they had been through, he loved her in every possible way. He could still remember the train, how afraid she had been, how warm and comfortable she had been at his side. He remembered how long she had cried and how he had held her though the night. He wanted that again, without the fear or tears, he wanted to hold her in his arms as she slept. He wanted to make her happy and stop his own fears by keeping her by his side. "The same." She said with a sad smile as she reached her arm out to wrap around him. She was so tired, physically, mentally, and emotionally. She didn't refuse when he moved slightly and pulled her into a hug. She didn't reject him, and instead wrapped her other arm around his hand and held on tightly as she pulled him down onto the bed. She had needed him all along, she hadn't seen it herself until now, but the depression she had felt had been from being without him. It seemed that it was her fault all this time for pushing him away when she should have been pulling him in as she was doing now. "I'm sorry." She said unsure of what she was sorry for, there was nothing specifically she was apologizing for, it was just an apology for everything she had done. For every wrong she had ever done towards him, for every time she could have said yes, for every day they should have been together. She was sorry. "Don't be." He said gently, not expecting things to happen so quickly, but being happy at the same time for the way things were going. It seemed that he had gotten his wish already. He was lying in her bed with her in his arms, and he had no intention of letting go anytime soon. It was late, time for sleep. He had actually been on a walk when he decided to stop in; he hadn't been able to sleep from the nightmares and had decided to walk about for a while. He saw now that doing so was an excellent idea, as it seemed they were both about to sleep, and sleep extremely well at that. "Stay?" She asked trying not to beg, though that's what she felt like doing. She may be Katniss Everdeen the Mocking Jay, but she was still a very scared and lonely girl who needed to be with the guy she loved more than anything. "I don't think I could leave, not even if I wanted to." He said into her hair as he held her tightly. Things were beginning to feel intimate, like the way it used to be. As it seemed, they could do anything to him, but nothing could take him away from Katniss, not anymore, and not ever again.