"Rats in a cage. I could wipe them all out if I wanted, with just a whisper. The many merits of voice-activated signals, these days." "You're bluffing." "Do you even want to take that risk?" Heathcliffe knelt down, pressed the barrel to Snow's infirm, wheezing chest. "I've learned how to be pragmatic. Your lessons taught me all about preparation beforehand, how a good plan is what leads to achievement. Do you doubt the permanence of your own philosophies, how effective they've taken to a boy's mind? Are you reneging on your promises?" The gun came closer. "What do you want, Grant?" Snow sounded weary now, short of breath. "An apology? I am weak and old now, and I am sorry. I was a young man then, Grant, easily shaped. Easily molded. Getting out of that mold, that influence, took time, and I am all the better for it." His eyes shone, with tears or some darker emotion, Harrison could not tell. "I am sorry for you, too; that you are this way, this selfish, that is my fault." "I don't want pity. I want a surrender from your side." The gun barrel was digging into Snow's shirt, squeezing painfully into the flesh underneath. "Do it." He wanted to shriek No! even as Snow's liverspotted palms reached for something, as Heathcliffe's finger wound firmly around the trigger and tugged, as blue gunsmoke flashed and a bullet tore through the short distance, ripped through his mentor's skin, and came out the other side, lodged firmly into wood paneling. His head slumping, Snow slackened and fell, a slip of paper grasped between dying fingers. Instinctually, he drew the Strauss, shooting at the president. His shots veered off, deflected by anxious marksmanship. Heathcliffe ducked and clipped him on the arm, causing him to tumble, clutching at the tear. "He never told you, did he? He lied! He always lied, to both of us, to everyone he knew! That bastard !" Strong arms snatched him up and shoved him against the paper-strewn desk, veins bulging in his neck like a bull, his eyes maddened. "You never knew the truth, did you? That he was your grandfather? My father? We were going to die, you stupid -" He roared, his cries full of unadulterated anguish and rage, and shoved the president away, raising the Strauss-13, pulling, and instead of a thunderclap there came instead the shuttering of the empty chamber. Oh. Heathcliffe teetered drunkenly, arms stretched out vainly as the door behind him burst and the braying bullets tore through the wood, striking the president multiple times. Carmine blossoms bloomed all over the front of his white shirt, seeping into his cashmere coat. A teardrop line of blood snaked its way down the corner of his mouth and onto his throat, glistening like a worm. He dropped, arms and legs spread like the wings and tail feathers of a bird, while Winter troops stormed in. The Presidential Guard did not react. They knelt down next to Snow, examined him for a pulse, and one yelled, "He's still alive!" Harrison rushed towards the fallen rebel, holding the old man's outstretched hand. Snow wheezed, beckoned for him to crouch down. He accepted the note proferred to him, and then, giving one last breath and coughing up bloody sputum, Snow died. "What does it say?" Alma asked him later, in the confines out a vacated communications office. They were sitting on their cots, numerous wires and coils still laying around them, and looking up at the ceiling. He fingered the paper slip, wrinkling the edges. "Nothing." Turning over on the mattress, he lay in thought, wondering at the words. So you were my grandfather , he mused. I held your rifle, and I killed with it. You were the one Gran loved. How very fitting. "He turned over full control of his armies to you, prior to the invasion," said Colonel Winchester, a heavy, florrid man in stolen army fatigues. "It was in his will." Looking up at his newly appointed advisors, he expected to see hate, resignation, bitter envy for an usurper. Instead, he saw peace. Solemnity. They still wanted guidance, still had been bred to view a leader as a deity, to be revered and followed. A face to call inspiration from? They referred to him, like a tiny joke of sorts, as the Boy King. The transferral of power from the previous ruler to himself was almost complete; the burden of ordering, leading all these people, would now be his to carry. Snow had been just an identity, an icon that could be donned and removed as easily as pulling on a mask. He wore his grandfather's face today, and got up. "I'm ready to go," he announced. They took him to the Oval Office, where the windows had been shattered and a balcony erected. A crowd teemed below, a ragged assembly of civilian fighters awaiting his first address. Alma was sitting on a couch inside, and she nodded to him as he passed. "Go on," Winchester urged. "It won't be so bad." He gulped, then stepped out into the frigid January air. He held up his hands, palms out, for silence. Voice amplified by a microphone, he boomed, "My name is Coriolanus Snow, and the first thing I will tell you is that I am your new president. The second is that you, all of you, no longer live in the United States of America. America was a land of tyrants, of disaster, of relentless devastation." An exhalation. "As of today, this land shall be known forevermore as the country of Panem, and this city, D.C., shall be its Capitol. We, its people, shall never bow, shall never waver like our predecessors." He raised a fist to the sky even as the people shouted in triumph. "The horn of plenty overflows for us! We shall not want! We shall not submit! We are a people united !" The crown was placed, and a nation cheered.