and I hug our parents, and then make our way over to the designated area for fifteen-year-olds. Trevor is there already, and he waves when he sees us. The three of us talk for a few minutes as the mayor and our lone victor, Harmony, finish preparing everything. And then, he taps the microphone. "The reaping will now begin. Please welcome our district escort, Chanel." A happy, bubbly woman, Chanel bounces over to the microphone. Literally. "Oh, its that time of year again! Happy Hunger Games!" She introduces our mayor, Mayor Folly, and our victor, Harmony, who won the first Hunger Games. Then she goes into a deep talk about how Panem rose from the ashes of our ancestors, the Dark Days, basic things that we learn in school. "But enough talk! Let's get to the reaping! Ladies first!" Chanel reaches into the female lottery, and I squeeze Dawn's hand. Not Dawn, not Dawn, not Dawn. "Jayla Bane!" A sigh of relief escapes my lips as a tall, slender girl of eighteen walks on stage, her short brown hair bouncing around her head. Jayla takes her spot just as Chanel shouts, "Now, time for the boys!" She reaches into the bowl, takes out a slip of paper… "Damon Marx!" Oh good, it's not me. Wait. Did she say my name? Trevor nudges me, a grim expression on his face, and I realize it's true. I'm going to the Capitol. Gulping tightly, I make my way to the stage. And when I'm standing on stage, and Chanel is announcing us as official tributes, reality hits. I really am going to the Games. Why couldn't I have just dropped dead right there? A quick, easy death instead of a long, dragged out one in the Games? Chanel's voice is drowned out by the sound of my heart pounding. It's only when she gestures for me to shake hands with Jayla that I stop panicking. But the look in Jayla's eyes as she shakes my hand is deadly. It's like she's already putting a bounty on my head. And then, we are rushed into the Hall of Justice. I'm escorted to a small room where my family and friends can see me. The first people to visit are my parents. Mother has tears streaming from her eyes, and Father sheds silent tears. It's then, watching my parents' cry, that I break. Sobs erupt from my throat as I rush into their open arms. I seem to cry for hours, though it's only been a few minutes. "Damon," my father says. I'm a tiny but taller than him, so I look down ever so slightly, wiping a couple of tears away. "You are a strong boy. You can do this. We have faith in you." Mother pulls me into her arms, and it feels almost like she is cradling me. "Honey, I love you so much. I will always love you." I nod slightly, and the three of us go sit on the couch in silence. We remain in this position until the Peacekeepers come in. After one last hug and kiss, my parents are gone, and next comes in Trevor. "I'm so sorry, Damon. I wanted to volunteer for you but my body just couldn't find the strength to do it and…" He trails off again and looks down, a silent tear sliding down his cheek. "It's okay. I wouldn't have let you go in my place, anyways." He smiles grimly, and then his face turns serious. "I want you to have some sort of game plan when you go into the arena, so this is what you should do." I listen carefully to Trevor's ideas, taking mental notes. He recommends I go into it alone. My strongest weapons are bows and arrows and knives. And just as he is about to continue, the Peacekeepers come in. I shake his hand, give him a hug, and await my next guest. Dawn bursts into the room, her eyes red and puffy. "Damon!" She nearly tackles me to the ground in a gigantic bear hug. I pull her closer, never wanting to let my twin sister go. When she pulls away, I stare at her features. The same black straight hair as me. The same ice blue eyes. The same olive skin. I take her in; she will be my inspiration for returning home. "Damon, you have to come home. If you don't I don't know what I'll do and—" She stops as a new round of tears pour out of her eyes. "Shh," I whisper. "I'll come home." I don't even feel right saying it. I don't think I'll be returning to this place. "I'll do everything in my power to return." She wipes away her tears before she pulls something off her arm, grabs mine, and ties it to my wrist. "Take this with you as your token." I recognize it immediately. "I can't take the bracelet Mother gave you for your birthday." "No, I insist. It will remind you of home." I stare into her eyes, trying to read them. And she's desperate. "Okay. I will." The Peacekeepers open the door. I bring Dawn in for one last hug, and I kiss her cheek. "I love you, sis." And then she's gone. The next few minutes pass in a blur. I'm taken to the train and assigned a room for the overnight trip. But I don't go to my room just yet. Instead, I stay in the first room. It has lots of windows on both walls. The train jolts, and we start moving. My eyes stay locked on the forests of District 9 until they are gone from my sight. I don't know if I'll ever see my home again. SO! What did you think? Intriguing? Boring? Leave a review and tell me! NEWS!: I won't be updating this story or Without My Mockingjay for a while. But anytime I have some free time, I'll start working on an update! ~PureAtHeart