eyes at each other and shut my doors?" Haymitch shouts as he shifts his heavy body over to the driver's seat. I hear the honk of a horn and turn to see an old minivan coming up. Gale volunteered to drop me off and pick me up today. His brothers, Vick and Rory, argue in the backseat with his tiny sister Posy. Very crowded. Peeta gives me a half-wave. I throw myself into a sign of affection: I hug him. However briefly I do so, I know that since it comes from the masked, 'soulless' me, he'll get the significance. Then I run to the passenger's seat, not entirely eager to hear the insinuating words that follow Haymitch's low, amazed whistle. Day four: the last day. Peeta takes the first forty-five minutes after keeping a conversation going for five minutes with me on the sidewalk waiting for Haymitch. That must be a record. Usually I falter at small talk or snap out a sarcastic comment; normal conversation with people I barely know is hard. I remind myself that I somehow became friends with Gale, so I can do it again with Peeta. And Peeta has a warmer exterior than Gale does, lending himself to the conversation. My driving skills aren't without reproach, but I earn no further derogatory observational remarks from Haymitch. He must be tired of delivering them. Instead he silently applies the foot brake whenever he needs to, which isn't that often. Peeta and I switch and he opens the door for me and I make a decision as I pull the seat up, check my mirrors, buckle myself in, switch on the car, and get into DRIVE. At the end of our session Peeta ends up getting the tail-end, letting me have my one-and-a-half-hours at once. Haymitch gives up on using the emergency brake and spends time muttering to himself and saying, "Stupid pencil tips," as he writes out our info on our driver's eligibility certificates. Peeta drives us through a neighborhood leading up to the high school, but I instead lean in the little squeezed area between the two front seats and place my hand on his shoulder. He maintains a calm face, despite the jolt his body gives. "Peeta, take this road," I command. He does so, doesn't ask why. Haymitch barely notices. "Take a right," I say calmly. If my plan works . . . He weaves the car to my every whim, through the intersections and back alleys and 15 MPH neighborhoods until finally we cross into familiar territory, where every flower and tree and bush is familiar. Haymitch glances up, raises an eyebrow, and asks, "Why are we here?" Neither Peeta or I volunteer an answer, though I know Peeta is thinking the same thing. "Pull in here," I say, rubbing my hand against his shoulder as a signal Peeta makes a magnificent turn into my driveway, his turning quick, his hand-over-hand excellent; he straightens and then parks, sliding the vehicle into PARK. "Nice," Haymitch says, unusually unsarcastic. Peeta, of all people, struggles to find a reasonable word to say, as I gather my knapsack and hold out my hand to Haymitch. "My certificate, Haymitch," I say impatiently. Haymitch is finally back to first day. He's amused by my actions. He hands me the pink sheet of paper and a stubby pencil and says, "Sign, sweetheart, and we're free from each other." "Thank goodness," I say. My name fills in the space and I hand the pencil back to Haymitch. "At least I didn't kill you accidentally," I say, unsure of what kind of goodbye we should be saying to each other. "'Stay alive;' my best piece of advice," Haymitch says. "It's vague," I say before throwing myself out of the stuffy, confining vehicle. I stick the pink certificate into my knapsack, tighten the straps, and approach Peeta, my feet crackling against the grey pebbles lining my driveway. He lowers the dirty window so I can see his confused face, his blue eyes. I don't wait for him to guess. He doesn't know. So I'll tell him. "Care to walk a girl up to her door, Peeta?" I ask. My face is devoid of a smile, but one somehow creeps on. That's only possible in the woods or with Prim. But I allow it. Peeta's face lights up and he says, "Of course," as he opens his door. We walk the few steps up to my battered wooden front porch. We each make sure that Haymitch is fully devoted to writing up Peeta's eligibility certificate before I say, "Remember what Haymitch said? That maybe I'm masking up a real love for things?" "Yeah?" Peeta asks, his head tilted, his eyes attentive, his warm skin lightly touched with sweat. "Though I hate to admit it, he's right a lot more times than I wish," I say. Peeta's face brightens up with a wistful smile. He pulls out a pen and write something on the back of a scrap of paper from his pocket. Holding it out, I view it and raise my eyebrows. "What's this?" "My number," he says. I give him mine. He leads me to the door and I allow him one more move. A kiss on the cheek. Peeta stumbles down the wooden steps down to the sedan. I open the creaky screen door and hear Haymitch yell, "About time! I called it!" I slam the door shut, finally glad to be rid of Haymitch after four days of being shut in that car with him. And . . . pleasantly surprised with the new stirrings with Peeta. I wasn't expecting that. I thought I was learning when to ease on the brake at a stop sign or how to make a three-point turn. But, I've learned much more than that. *Breathes heavily* That WAS A LOT LONGER THAN I'D THOUGHT IT'D BE. But aren't they adorable? \O/ Thanks for reading, my lovely readers! Please review? :)) God bless you!