it myself." I unbraid my hair and run my fingers through it. It's not often that my hair is flowing down naturally. I don't know what it is but I feel more comfortable with a braid in my hair, more myself. "Katniss, You look really pretty with your hair down," Glimmer tells me. "Thanks," I mumble as I re-braid my long hair. As I fix my hair silently Glimmer and Clove go on to discuss tryouts for the dance team and the cheer squad today. Glimmer talks about how she'll be with Cashmere and Annie today after school to decide who makes the squad this year. That won't be awkward at all . Clove plans on trying out for the dance team. I've seen her dance before; she'll definitely make the team. "What about you, Everdeen? Plan on joining any sports?" Clove asks me. I shake my head. "Archery is the only thing I've ever been good at, and the school doesn't have a team for that." "You can always make one," Glimmer suggests. "Doesn't Gale know some archery— Oww! " Glimmer shouts as Clove hits her in the shoulder. "That was uncalled for." "Glimmer, hush ," Clove mutters warningly. "Sorry about Glimmer. I know things between you and Hawthorne aren't exactly peachy right now." Clove was trying to spare my feelings? Really? I don't buy this for a second. "Is all of this for Gloss?" I ask with all seriousness. Clove raises an eyebrow at me. "What are you talking about?" "This act. Do you really expect me to believe that in three weeks you changed?" "Everdeen, I don't give a crap if you believe me or not." "I just hope you aren't pretending for Gloss. He really likes you, and if you aren't interested in him then let him know now instead of stringing him along." That's when Clove's phone goes off. She takes one look at her phone and sighs. "He found Marvel," She mumbles. The bell rings and I leave without a goodbye. … After school I meet up with Annie and Peeta at the lockers. Annie fills Peeta and I in on Marvel and Gloss' fight. It wasn't so much of a fight, more of Gloss punching Marvel once before Finnick got in the middle of it. Finnick was the one to calm Gloss down before anything else happened. Gloss is still pissed, but after talking with Finnick, he knows not to act on it. It will only make matters worse. "I'm worried about Gloss guys," Annie says. "And why's that?" I ask while packing my stuff for home. "I'm worried about him and Clove," Annie says. "I just don't want to see him get hurt." "Annie, they aren't dating," I say. "Aren't you worrying over nothing?" "I'm not worried about the idea that they might date, I'm worried about the idea that they might not," Annie explains. "Clove and Cato were together for two years. Of course she isn't over him." "I'm pretty sure Cato's over Clove though," I say. "I've seen him on dates with so many other girls already." "I just don't want Gloss to end up being the rebound guy." "I don't think you have to worry about Gloss being the rebound," Peeta says with disappointment in his voice. "I think that position has already been filled." Annie and I look at Peeta confused until he directs our attention down the hall. There is Clove with arms wrapped around her and her hands placed on the back of Marvel's neck. "Oh no," Annie mumbles out. "This is going to kill Gloss." "I thought Clove hated him," Peeta says. "This doesn't make any sense." "This is my fault," I blurt out. "I scared Clove off. I told her if she wasn't serious about Gloss to let him know she wasn't interested. I guess this is her way of letting him know." "Pretty harsh of her if you ask me," Peeta says. "Great," Annie mutters angrily. "Now I'm going to have to deal with an even more bitchy Cato now because of this. He can go on as many dates as he wants, but I know he is still hung up on Clove." "How do you know that?" Peeta asks. "I thought he barely said two words to you." "Well, actions speak louder than words, Peeta. And seeing Clove just reminded me that I need to met up with Glimmer and Cash for cheer tryouts." Annie gives us a hug before running off. "Annie is so adorable," Peeta says with a smile. "How can anyone hate her? That's like hating kittens." I smile at Peeta. "Walk me home today?" "I can't. I have wrestling practice today." "On the first day of school?" "Mr. Abernathy is the new coach this year and I hear he's sobered up." "It's miracle." "I'll see you tomorrow." With that Peeta kisses me and leaves for practice. I pick up Prim from school and we head home together. Prim tells me all about her first day of school on the way home. Right as we make it to our house Prim asks me how my first day went. I woke up this morning not knowing what to expect. I can't say I'm happy about today, but I can't say I'm disappointed with today. "It was…different," I tell Prim with a smile. "Different is good." "You're right. Different is good." Marvel AND Clove?! WHAT! Hehehe. I don't feel like this chapter was that eventful but don't worry I'm getting there. Anyways! If you have anything you might want to see happen in this story let me know! I already have the plot down but maybe I could fit something in ;) Btw Rory and Prim together is going to come back up :) Since I am still working on Freshman Year I am going to try and update this story once every two weeks and the same goes for Freshman Year. Please Review Thank you to my beta reader, cindella204