her head from her rapid heartbeat as she quickly walks up the steps to the stage. The girl who was reaped hadn't even bothered to move from her spot in the fourteen year old section. She comes up next to the escort, whose smile seems overly white to her. "Ah, we have a volunteer! What is your name, brave girl?" he shouts and the hat on his head moves again. She realizes its not a hat. His hair has been wrapped into a birds cage, that an actual live bird now resides in. Clove forgets her name for a second while she stares at the bird stuck in a trap of hair products and metal. "Clove. Clove Latro," she gets out and curses herself. Being nervous in front of the cameras is a huge mistake. God dammit, Clove. It's just a bird. Who the fuck puts a bird in their hair? The audience claps and its enough to bring herself together. She smiles and winks at the nearest camera putting a hand on her hip that shows off the muscles in her arm and the curve of her body. She will not be remembered for losing control because of a bird. The escort heads over to the boy's tribute bowl and Clove crosses her arms over her chest and glares. Flirty and confident are good minimal traits. Aggressive is what everyone really wants to see. He calls out the name and Clove controls her surprised reaction enough that no emotion crosses over her face. Cato was reaped instead of having to volunteer. It happens sometimes. All the training children take out tesserae for the entire household. The eighteen year olds have hundreds of slips in the bowl but its still surprising when it happens. The escort looks a little too happy about the name, leading Clove to conclude that he knew whom the volunteers would be already. Cato walks proudly to the stage, his large, muscular body catching everyone's eyes. The escort waits for him and doesn't even bother to ask for volunteers before reaching out and shaking his hand. "I volunteer!" The voice from the eighteen year old section cuts across the crowd and stage. Funny, someone is being funny. Cato actually laughs, as does Clove, until she sees who it is. She knows he is not joking. Peeta had managed to make his way to the eighteen year old section and was now walking up the steps of the stage. Cato and the escort both stare open mouthed at the younger boy. Clove realizes she is too and snaps her mouth shut so quickly she bites her tongue. The blood doesn't taste as sweet this time. "You can't volunteer," Cato snaps and stands over Peeta. He has a few good inches and at least 40 pounds, but Peeta had always been faster. Clove knew they were well matched even if both of them would deny it for completely different reasons. "Oh? But can't I? You were reaped, I volunteer. Those are the rules, right?" Peeta motions towards the escort. He nods looking slightly frightened. Cato and Peeta both tower over the smaller man. The Peacekeepers have approached the pair and Cato notices them while his fingers curl into a fist. He keeps his arm by his side. "I'm going to kill you, Mellark," he snarls. "Get in line behind the other twenty –three people then, Cato," Clove can practically hear the Capital audience laughing, there are even a few chuckles in this crowd. Peeta turns to the escort, "Hello, I'm Peeta Mellark. Cool bird thing," his smile is wonderful and charming and it fills her with rage. The escort seems just as surprised by his smile as he was by his volunteering. He pats at his bird cage hair, "Uh, why, thank you. I am excited to announce the District 2 tributes for the 74th Annual Hunger Games, Peeta Mellark and Clove Latro!" He moves out of the way so that Clove and Peeta can shake hands. She thinks about squeezing his hand painfully but somehow the strength doesn't come to her and it's a weak handshake that she quickly lets drop. She feels choked up. Emotions fly through her and she isn't sure which one to grab onto and follow. So instead, rage, sadness, and even happiness fly through her without getting a proper foot hold and each equally overwhelm her. The peacekeepers show her the way nervously as she laughs and clenches her fist and a tear trickles down her face. Why would he do that? Maybe he has decided that death in the arena saving his only companion might be a better alternative to his other life choices. The torturous work in the mines, the horrible life of a peacekeeper forced to make all people follow the Capitol rules and maybe shipped off to some hell hole like District 12, or being the sole companion and useless boy toy of Clove for the rest of his life. He hates the mines, peacekeepers, and being useless, and most of the time, he only kind of likes her. Was this his suicide? Is he dying for me? Or does he mean to kill me? Would he do that after everything I have done for him? A/N Longer explanation down here. This was originally meant to be a one shot but completely got away from me and when it got to almost 20K words I just had to split it up. It will hopefully be Part 1 in a series that goes into other pairings in other AU worlds each with a different sin. I have not picked all the pairings so feel free to shout some out that you would be interested in seeing! I have most of the first half done already so updates will come pretty orderly. For those of you reading Fire, don't worry I haven't forgotten. I really have been putting this on the backburner and just wanted to finally begin posting it.