awkwardly stitched in the corner, a smooth white pebble and a folded up candy wrapper. Then her hand found something that felt foreign and strange; a memory card. Hazelle knew there would almost certainly be some kind of film or footage on the card. Hazelle also knew that as the decent human being she was she should just put the thing back in the box, latch it up, lock the closet and return to the guest bedroom like nothing had ever happened. Unfortunately, Hazelle wasn't feeling particularly decent that evening, so without a second thought she got to her feet and sprinted down the stairs and into the living room, almost tripping over a pile of Haymitch's clothes in the process. She plugged the card into the projector, curled up on the couch and biting her nails apprehensively waited for the film to start. The wall came to life and presented her with three people standing in line against a granite wall in a room with heavy florescent lighting. As Hazelle squinted she realized the three were facing the wall, and that their hands were all tied behind their backs. Her heart dropped somewhere down to about her ankles as a peacekeeper entered the frame and turned the three around to face the camera. They were Haymitch's loved ones, his brother, his mother and his girlfriend and they all looked terrified in a way Hazelle knew all too well from years of watching the games; they had the same look of absolute horror tributes have before they die. Someone in the background said something, but the sound was too muffled to hear it. Tears were streaming down the young girls face and the young boy, Haymitch's baby brother let out a terrified cry. There was an awfully long stretch of silence that followed his cry and his mother turned her head to look at him, opening her mouth as though she were whispering a comforting word or two. Then gunshots went off, fired off screen by the peacekeeper she'd seen seconds before, probably a few more as well, and the three fell into a heap on the ground, their bodies unmoving, all twisted around one another in a way a group of live people never could. Hazelle screamed, and then when she'd done that she screamed again. Her first scream was purely from the horror of it all, a reaction she had no power of controlling, something that just burst from her lungs. The second scream came only after she'd realized what this had all meant, only when she'd realized why Haymitch had morphed into such a sorry excuse for a human being since the death of his family. It was not just bad luck striking him twice that everyone he held dear to him had perished in a fire; that had merely just been a ruse. What had truly happened was much worse. The Capitol had killed his family in cold blood, and for the life of her Hazelle couldn't understand why, so she screamed until she couldn't scream anymore. The next day, upon his arrival home, Haymitch found his house perfectly tidy, with all the curtains open and a fresh vase of wildflowers waiting for him in every room. What he did not find waiting for him was Hazelle. Instead, beside a loaf of bread, some butter and a selection of fruits she'd left for his breakfast, was a letter folded in half in butcher's paper. It read, Dearest Haymitch, It causes me great pain to do this to you, but unfortunately I have to resign. It is not because you are unreasonable, or a drunkard, or because you couldn't clean up after yourself even if your life depended on it. I want to make it clear that the problem here is not you, so don't think that. The problem is me. I broke the one rule you set me, and in doing so destroyed your trust, something which I feel can only be gained once more by my admittance of the act and resignation as your maid. I hope you understand, and I hope you can forgive me. I wish the best for you, Hazelle. That afternoon, Haymitch reopened the closet door and took the memory card out of the suitcase. He thumbed it around in his fingers and for a moment contemplated taking it down stairs and throwing it in the trashcan Hazelle had installed for him, before putting it back in its place and locking the closet up all over again. He wasn't ready to let go of the pain, not just yet. A.N Happy Halloween everyone! This little piece is based on two fairy tales, one more so than the other. The one it is most heavily influenced by is a childhood favorite of mine, "Bluebeard", about a young woman who marries a man with a sinister secret hidden in a room she's been told never to open. Which of course, she does. The other, and this is only the slightest sort of influence, was none other than beauty and the beast. I tried to write it in a simple, fairytale like structure, just for something different. I'm not a hundred percent happy with it, but well, it's the deadline day for the challenge I wrote it for so I'll just have to suck it up haha. I took certain liberties with Hazelle's personality, because a) We don't get a enough of her in the books for there to be a clear picture of what she's like and b) I had to portray her in a way that suited the story. I'm sure my version here is a bit more timid and reserved than Hazelle actually would be, and that in reality she's got the same fire about her that Gale has. Still, we could always assume that came with age, but I'm thinking things through too much. All that aside, I hope its been a good read for you on Halloween. :) {X_X}