which we are being cheered upon. We wait for the crowd to settle down, greeting them with waves, huge smiles, and kisses all the while. Mayor Undersee ushers us at the back of a black, tinted car; one that is considered to be such luxury here in our District. Only the high-ranking people have one, and that includes the Mayor (not that any one of us need a car, anyway. District 12 is small enough to be traveled by foot.) I've seen this a few times before; even the Mayor refrains from using it and he only does so on special occasions such as those televised by the Capitol. The black car now brings us from the train station to the Victor's Village. Once inside the car, Katniss and I resume our cold relationship. I immediately remove my hand from hers for fear that she may feel uncomfortable, and she busies herself by looking outside the windows. We, however, are careful to stay close to each other just in case that some photographers are able to sneak some shots of us inside the car. Her family and mine were ushered in a truck - one that is owned by Head Peacekeeper Cray, I believe - and they too will be brought to the Victor's Village to witness the cutting of the ribbon. It doesn't take long for us to reach the area. While it is a considerable distance away from the rest of the district, the Village is still relatively close, about 20 minutes by foot to town, I suppose. It is unlike any other place in District 12, with its lush greenery and huge houses. A wrought iron gate bearing the name Victor's Village on top separates it from the others. The houses are spaced evenly apart, with a spacious lawn in front planted with trees on the sides and decorated with various colorful flowers all around. There are twelve houses in total, with four on the left side, four on the right side, and four directly facing the gate. The middle space is a vast beautiful greenery of more trees, and there is also a paved area for cars. The car stops in the first house on the left. I head out of the car and hold my hands out for Katniss to hold. She takes it with a beautiful smile lighting her face, and I feel my heart thump painfully in response. Since learning their strategy, the only thing that my mind can conjure up is: " That smile is not for you, Peeta. It's all for show. " so that I can prevent myself from getting to carried away and to keep myself in the right place. I would never want Katniss to think that I'm taking advantage of our situation so that I can do all these things to her. Our families arrive a few minutes after we do, and once the party is complete, the Mayor assembles us in front of the house. It has a huge ribbon attached from one tree to another. As I look around the small crowd gathered, I can see that some of the camera crews didn't come. The reception allowed here was probably regulated to give it a more intimate air... but not quite succeeding. Katniss and I stand with our hands interlinked again, while our families stay on each of our sides. I can see my mom evaluating the new house, and I suddenly wonder how she will like it here. "Ladies and gentlemen, we stand here in front of Katniss Everdeen's new home. Being a Victor guarantees having the best life possible, and the Capitol generously offers this house to our latest one as a congratulatory gift and a reminder of what she has bravely accomplished." Mayor Undersee then hands Katniss a brass key and a pair of scissors. He then guides her towards the ribbon and ceremoniously cuts it. We repeat the same procedure when he presents my house, which is just three houses away from Katniss's - the leftmost one in the row of houses facing the gate of the Village. Everyone claps and cheers for us. The Mayor also informs us that our houses are already filled with clothes, utensils, food, and other things that we may need. The camera crews start filing out one by one once the ribbon cutting is over, and after all the congratulatory hugs and pictures, we are finally left alone with our families. I look at Katniss and subtly removed my hand from hers. The pain from the separation is inevitable, especially with the thought that this will be all over soon and we'll be living our separate lives, just like we did before we went into the Games. "I guess I'll have to go to my house now. Show Prim and my mother around..." She says in a small voice. I look at her and nod my head slowly, not knowing what else to say. I can feel our family's eyes on us so I keep masking my emotions with an indifference which I hope is unrecognizable to them. "Goodbye, Peeta." Will the pain ever come to an end? "Goodbye, Katniss." AUTHOR'S NOTE: What do you think? Thank you so much for reading! But also... please take the time to make a review for the story, it will really mean a lot to me. I'm not so sure about the position of the houses, but I decided to just make it that way because at one point of their conversation (in the later part of the story), Peeta says that he lives "three houses away" from Katniss. So... yeah. Tell me if you have suggestions, this part is really troubling me. I mean, why didn't they just live beside each other? Again, thank you for taking the time to read my work! The characters and plot are all Suzanne Collins'. PLEASE REVIEW! I really need to hear what you have to say. Lots of love. S