molasses facade. The proof is in the revoltingly sweet but ultimately bitter pudding as Myleria's eyes narrow, "What do we have here? Is this a volunteer running in so early?" My eyes flicker around the assembled crowd in desperation, yet it serves mostly to prove that the square is remarkably empty of sprinting volunteers and to reveal a remarkably large number of people looking at me with a mixture of pity and confusion. To them this is an extreme example of Capitol stupidity, confusing a lost lamb coming late to the 'party' with a volunteer sending themself to the abattoir. As the little lamb I can see all too clearly that this is the Capitol's sickly sweet death trap catching a stray fly. You'd think if she wanted to stitch me up in the Reapings she would've at least done it in a year when I excreted bodily fluids onto her, not just wait for a year when I thought I was safe from the backlash of my own stupidity. Yet Malaria was lying in wait all along, preparing to leap when I was utterly unprepared. Despite it all, despite the dozen guns aimed at my head, even as a sea of children part to allow me to walk to my doom and although I've spent seventeen years telling myself that if I shut up and hold it in it won't hurt me, I can't help but call in indignation, "That's not fucking fair! I didn't volunteer by walking in late." Hardly an awe-inspiring speech against the blood-fuelled machine that is the Capitol, but it's enough to part the youth-filled seas until they pack against the edge of the square. It's me against the world and they're scoring all the points. For all her faults, Malaria is a skilled enough escort that this little scene doesn't sway her at all. She simply smiles like we're sharing a joke and holds up a paper slip and suddenly I can calm the rage again, my insides freezing so suddenly that I fear they'll never regain normality. "Is your name Quinn Viner?" she asks, as though we were passing in the street and I have the answer as to how it's taken her so many years to finally catch me out for the whole tooth thing when I was seven; it's taken her this long to find me, and now that she has there's no escape. I don't have to answer her question to start the trek up to the stage, trailed by the rejoining of the faceless crowd of kids too spineless to come to my rescue as I prepare to die for a torn dress and a broken tooth. The longer I turn from them the more I can keep the anger controlled, to tell myself that they had no choice but to obey Malaria's whims. There's nothing left for me in District 10, might as well be me going to my death rather than someone who'll one day run a factory or own a farm. I've survived well enough on my own at home; I can do the same in the games. Just keep it together. I'm not angry, I'm not scared. I just have to keep a level head and I will be fine. They other tributes are nothing more than animals, I've taken a thousand to the slaughter and I can take a dozen more. It'll be fine. They bleed like animals. Squeal like animals. Have families like animals. No. Bleed like animals. Die like animals. That's all that they are and I'll be fine. I don't have to be scared; their knives hurt me no more than a bull's horn. I'm not scared. I'll be fine. But Hayley won't. The name filters into my already jumbled thoughts as my eyes suddenly snap open to face the audience who have nothing to do with my death. They part to let my only friend in this world through, but they don't have a choice. Hayley Asture, the one person who ever gave a damn about the lonely farm boy on the outskirts of a forgotten district. I don't blame them for not caring though, I can still protect her on my own. It'll be fine. My mind is filled with a thousand reassurances, a blanket of 'fine' that covers anything else trying to break through the surface. I force a smile onto my face as Malaria lifts our hands in the air as though we've won anything but a ticket to our deaths. I avoid her eyes as I stare into the audience, eyes searching for two people I know I won't find. Apparently even the possibility of your son's death can't always stem your apathy because the crowd is missing two faces I barely even remember. It shouldn't be a surprise that the visiting room is empty of everything but the cloying stench of perfume and underuse. I'd always known that my family had forgotten me through the course of several years leaving me alone to tend to a farm meant for a District 10 sized family but their absence still stings as I sit alone on the sofa meant for a grieving family. I have a few minutes until I'll be taken to my death and yet I'm forced to spend them sitting alone and ruminating about the fact that I'll never be able to draw strength from a waiting family. Is it really too much to ask them to give a shit about the son who's been working for years to give them a life that they'd be comfortable with? Your last memories of home should be something worth remembering, something to fight for when you're in the arena and the whole world seems lost. I guess that it's an accurate snapshot of home at least, but sometimes even Quinn the stoic wants more than historical accuracy. I tell myself again that I don't care, but I'm starting to think that even I don't believe me.