chance. Their lives would all have been different if the games never existed. If the games never occurred, then Gale and Katniss wouldn't seem so strange. But the games happened and Gale and Katniss don't work. Maybe one day, when they are too broken and if Peeta and Madge are dead, they will work. But it will never grow to love. They would see their dead love in the other. They would be living with ghosts. Cressida shakes her head. They are already are. They get back on the hovercraft and she watches Gale and Katniss. She edits the footage herself. Gale's footage. She can't find herself to let anyone else handle it. She smiles when Plutarch shows off the video of Katniss, but then she thinks of the video on her laptop, her programming, of how much more powerful it would be. Before Gale leaves for the capitol on a rescue mission, he pulls her aside. She knows he is hoping to find Madge. She pulls him aside and whispers a good luck. He looks at her and then whispers. "Show it." There is no doubt to what IT is. She nods and kisses his cheek. She hopes. She prays. She begs that Gale finds Madge. She edits the video and then hands it to Betee and tells him to play it. She interviews Finnick and lets people see it. She plays Gale's story on a loop, everyone sees it. The capitol, the people, it plays on the TV and on the radios. She goes out to the cafeteria and everyone hears Gale's voice. Everyone finds out the love story and they feel pity. Everyone but Katniss seems to know now. When Gales comes back Cressida can tell by his face, that he didn't find her. Madge hasn't been found. Later that night, she meets him in the dining area, and he is eating strawberries. She sits down next to him and takes his hand. "She wasn't there." His eyes are red and so are his lips. "I don't know how to move on." He whispers and she feels a pain in her heart. "She could be alive." "She could be dead… or worse." There is no question to what worse is. She has seen Peeta. They stay like that, holding hands eating strawberries, her listening, him talking about Madge. When Katniss wakes up from her accident she still has no clue about what everyone knows. She still believes that Gale loves her and Cressida doesn't have the heart to tell her otherwise. She is walking down the hallway when she finds Gale with some men his age. She freezes when they ask about Madge and she sees Gale smile and begin to talk about her. He is moving on, not from her. Never from her. But he is accepting of that she isn't there. Cressida hasn't ruled out the option on her being alive. Maybe she never will. Peeta and Katniss's love story bores her. She is now rooting for a new story. Gale's story. She makes a silent promise that after the war is over, she will write their stories. All the love stories. Of all victors and tributes. She knows people will want to know about Cashmere and the tribute from 9. Of Glimmer and Marvel. Clove and Cato. Thresh and Jackie 'Foxfire'. Of May and Haymitch. Of Snow's daughter, Victoria and the boy from district 4 of the 67th Hunger Games. Of Johanna and her mentor. Of Gale and Madge. All the stories didn't get their happy endings but she is hopeful for Gale. She has to be. Someone has to be. Katniss and Peeta are the girl on fire and the boy with the bread. But Gale and Madge are the boy with the traps and the girl with the strawberries. Two who don't match or belong together but do. They are a challenge and she always loves a challenge. She is rooting for the girl with the strawberries to come home. She stands in front of the camera, and takes a deep breath. "Hi, Madge. It's Cressida. We miss you so much. If you see this send us a signal. If anyone knows where Madge is let us know. Snow please just tell us if she is alive, that's all we need to know. Madge don't worry. We will find you. And don't worry about Gale…" The camera zooms over to Gale who is eating strawberries and looking at Cressida who sits next to him, kissing his cheek. "I promise to take care of him until you come back. We love you. See you soon, Madge." The camera turns off and in a few minutes it is being seen all over the capitol. Cressida squeezes Gale's hand and they sit connected, sitting surrounded by the others. The war is not over, but it's a rare quiet moment in their lives. No one is fighting, no one is crying or yelling. Katniss is braiding Prim's hair while Finnick and Annie talk with her and Johanna. Johanna is braiding Annie's hair. Rory and Vick are talking with Posy. Gale is eating strawberries and talking with Finnick. She is simply listening and watching. Not sure where this came from. I was watching the movie with my friend and when Katniss started singing I was like it need to look up this song. I could picture two lovers meeting under a tree and in my head I was like, Gale and Madge would be perfect. I wanted someone to hear the story and I figured Cressida who is amazing would be the perfect person. I left the ending the way it is because it can go two ways. They find Madge after the war and she and the baby are alive and well. She and Gale live happily ever after. Or Madge dies and Gale moves on with Cressida. Or Johanna. The ending is up to you. Let me know what you think. Review. Love you Wallflowers!