other miners with him fan out along the shore like sentinels. They needn't have worried, as none of the other kids knows how to swim. Katniss wades in as deep as she dares, water to her neck. She can feel it, how easy it would be to just kick up her legs and float. Some of the other kids are trying to do just that, spluttering mouthfuls when they fail. Finally, they learn how to buoy each other up, a single hand on the small of their backs. She remembers her father doing the same, so long ago. Unexpectedly, her eyes glaze. She thinks of how much her father loved their lake, up on the surface. He never got a chance to see this one. "It's glorious," a quiet voice says nearby. She looks over to see a boy standing with water up to his bare chest some careful meters away, watching her. It's him again. Peeta. His hair is dark, slicked back, one of the brave ones who'd baptized himself. She hadn't heard him approach, with all the splashing and shrieking. She doesn't know what it is about today, how they've gone from years of studious avoidance to this sudden orbit . As though they've been circling each other all day, almost unawares. If he'd approached her at any other time, up there, she would have frozen him out, pretended she hadn't heard until he went away. But down here, in this cavern of wonders, she's warm and soft and just right. It is glorious. "Yes," she agrees. One word, but it's a positive word, a good word, and she's just said it to him. The first time they've ever spoken. To top it off, she smiles. Just a twitch, but Peeta lights up. She'd thought he was smiling before, when she'd looked over, but that's nothing compared to this. Here, in the glow of a thousand understars, she thinks she sees Peeta Mellark for the first time. They don't speak again (words aren't enough) and he eventually drifts back to his friends, leaving as quietly as he came, not a ripple in his wake. Unbearable, when the foreman begins to call them to shore. Well past midday now, and they still have to make the trek back to the surface. The earlier ebullience, the indescribable sense of camaraderie and community begins to fade as reality sets in. They have to leave this place. They'd trudge back to the surface and emerge into the light, forever changed. Forever aware that this place exists, yet unable to return. Oh, some of them might. Miners, perhaps, in stolen moments between shifts. But it won't be the same. They were free here, today. They'll never be free again. They'll graduate and start on the journey that's been ordained, years stretching endlessly ahead. And so they drink it in, these final precious moments while they garb themselves in the trappings of their old lives. Piece by piece, weigh themselves down to the people they used to be. No longer gods, no longer nymphs or sprites or a thousand other things they'd imagined themselves to be, in this endless place, this forever space. Now they are but children, Town and Seam alike. Children doomed to repeat the sins of their forefathers. Perhaps something hears their cry, hears their prayers, for there's a murmur of something new, an awakening somewhere deep in the earth. It starts out as a feeling, a tingling in the marrow of their bones. The miners and foreman grow instantly alert. Katniss feels it, too, through her bare feet against the warm rock. She's stepped off to one side, segmented again, slipping back in to her dress, which chafes at her wet undergarments. "Clip in!" the foreman calls, it's probably nothing, but the kids already scurry like ants on an upturned anthill, panicking every which way. Clipping in at random until they're one tangled web. The lights from their helmets strobe crazily, the refraction blinding all of them, a macabre dance hall like you sometimes see on Capitol TV. At the periphery, Katniss stuffs on her boots, not even bothering to lace them. She scrabbles for her pack, her hat. Where's her clip she can't find her clip. They have seismic detectors galore for this type of thing, scattered throughout District 12, consolidated around the mine itself like vultures. But they're not always enough. Somewhere above, a machine in the Museum is going crazy. A relic, but they were told it still works. They haven't needed it in years, not so much as a tremor in this region, but now it's probably jerking colored lines like it's having a seizure The foreman and the miners are everywhere, unclipping, slinging kids by their waists, tossing them like bags of flour in the direction of the beckoning tunnel, with its reinforced beams and 100% safety guaranteed. Out here, beneath a sky of shivering crystals, they are woefully, wonderfully fragile. The team of miners and their foreman become the world's most efficient assembly line, motivated by mayhem, pursued by deadly purpose. They're down to a final clump of Townies or Seam, who can tell. "Go go go!" the foreman calls to his men. Katniss stumbles toward them, boots and helmet flopping. She's used to running through a forest of leaves, not rocks. Her toe catches a crevice, and she and her helmet go flying. Something heavy hits the back of her head, a warning. She's dazed, scrabbling again for her helmet, teetering like a turtle shell. Faces hover like moons in the dim light of the shaft, safety beckoning. They've seen her, this final straggler, the last to arrive, the last to leave. The foreman reaches out his hand. She wants to run toward him, needs to run toward him, but before she can take another step, something plows into her, steals her breath, and she tumbles back. A stalagmite the size of her torso lands where she should have been. The stars fall.