don't like him leave it at that please, I say very defencfully. "Kat you've been staring at Peeta for the past couple minutes, Clove says. "It's nothing, come on let's get to class, I say then get up from the table. At the end of the day I was outside sitting on a bench waiting for Clove to come outside. I was looking at everyone when I saw Peeta walk outside and a little girl running towards him. He picks up to little girl and they walk to his brother and start walking down the street. "KATNISS, Clove yells in my ear. "Why are you screaming, I say as I cover my ears? "Because you zoned out I've been sitting here talking to you for 5 minutes, she tells me. Did I just stare at Peeta for 5 minutes? "Whatever let's go, I say then we get up and walk to my house. Clove is the only one who knows that I'm trying to find Gale and my dad. Clove and I have been friends since we were in 4th grade. I know that I can trust her and that she is a very understanding person. At first she thought I was crazy but then she understood and started helping me. We got to my house and went upstairs to my room. Clove and I are love to sing with each other we never sang in public but one day we want to. We have been singing since we were in 5th grade and I got my first guitar, we started making songs together. When we got to my room I grab my guitar and we sit in my bay window and start strumming. I know it seems like typical white girl shit but it's only cause the floor hurts my ass and my bed is way to comfy so it moves a lot while I'm playing. The bay window is equally comfy and hard so it's easy to play. Clove takes her homework out and I start strumming random tunes. I start to play Two Voices One Song from Barbie's Diamond Castle movie. I don't know why but it's just so catchy. "If I could wish for one thing I take the smile that you bring Wherever you go in this world I'll come along Together we dream the same dream Forever I'm here for you, you're here for me Oh ooh oh Two voices, one song", I sang. (A/N: Explanation at the end in authors note) Clove looks up at me with a "what the hell" look. "It's catchy, come on sing it with me, I start to play the tune again. C: If I could wish for one thing K&C: I take the smile that you bring K&C: Wherever you go in this world I'll come along K&C: Together we dream the same dream K&C: Forever I'm here for you, you're here for me K&C: Oh ooh oh K&C: Two voices, one song "How are we so awesome", Clove says. I chuckle then grab her hand and say "Come on let's go to the basement". We got to my secret room in my basement started getting to work. Prim is at her red-cross meeting, she is training to become a doctor. They give her opportunities sometimes to volunteer at the hospital and let her care for the small things like if a kid broke his arm or if someone need stitches. My mom is still at what she calls work. But anyway in my secret room I like to call my lair cliché right there was stuff everywhere papers videos of security cameras computers everywhere (that's mainly where Clove works) There was a huge map on the wall with sights where we think we saw the two on security cameras. Clove's brother hasn't been seen anywhere. Clove lost all hope of finding him. After 2 hours we got nothing still. "Katniss it's been a month and we still got nothing, Clove says. "We aren't giving up I have a feeling were gonna get somewhere soon, I say then look out the tiny tinted window I have in there. "How you know for sure, Clove says. "Peeta, he's the boy that's always in our dreams and he knew my name and I've never seen him in my life, I say as I turn to look at her. "Then let's go question Peeta, Clove says. "No he's a shy kid we have earn his trust first then we question him. "Fine, she says then goes back to work. "When are we gonna tell the others about all this, Clove asks. "Never, they won't understand it took you a while to understand all of this. "Kat we don't know that we need them if we find out what happened to Gale and your father how are we supposed to get to them because my knives and your arrow won't protect us for long, Clove says. "We'll tell them soon just not know, I say then we hear the doorbell ring. Clove and I look at each other then walk upstairs. I go to open the door and see Peeta standing there. "I know how to find your dad and Gale. BAM what's up everybody it's your girl keyondraswag aka Keyondra and this is my remake of A Story of Hero's. I reread my other one and it sucked I had so many ideas that I just mushed it all together and rushed everything so I decided to remake it. It's not exactly like the other one but the other one sucked so who cares. I did delete this chapter to fix it up a bit and add some more things but now were back and I hoped you enjoyed it and yes that was from a Barbie movie. I don't know why but I've been watching Barbie movies all week. Even for a 14 year old I am still allowed to be a child. But for now Keyondraswag out .