leave my face. They fixate on that gun, a few paces from him. A few paces from me. A final Cornucopia. He goes still, awaiting command. "What is this?" I ask, but I already know. "A game, my dear. A final game. Because I need only one of you. Doesn't matter which one. My life, in return for yours." He raises a hand, runs a finger down the camera lens. As though it's my throat. "Of course, I'd prefer that it be you." Finally, I understand why he isn't running. Why a hovercraft hadn't already whisked him away to some idyllic hideout in far-off hills, where he could retire in luxury. He needs leverage . He knew that we'd come to him. He'd planned on it. We're everlasting pawns in his game. Snow whispers, "Who's it going to be, Mockingjay? Prove to me, once and for all, that you don't love him. Or die." A few more minutes, and the Rebels might find us. A few more minutes and a shell could take out this entire wing. A few more minutes, and this war might be over. We don't have a few more minutes. "Burn," Snow whispers. At the word, Peeta lurches forward, a zombie. I've always been faster than Peeta, quick. He's solid, heavy, built for endurance and strength; I'm a lightweight sprinter. In short distances, hand-to-hand combat, I've always had the advantage. I would have gotten to the gun first. Except, I don't move. I can't. Every survival instinct I've had, all my years of training, the time I spent in the arena—everything in me tells me to propel myself forward, scrabble for that deadly weapon, and use it to remove the threat to my life. I don't even have to kill him. Shoot him in the leg, the arm, whatever it takes to get him on the ground, incapacitated but still breathing. I can't move. I can't move because I know that running toward the Cornucopia is always a bloodbath. I'm good with bows and arrows, not handguns. In the heat of the moment, things happen, fists grapple, and guns go off in inconvenient places like faces and guts. But mostly, I can't move because right before Snow gave the order, Peeta made a movement of his own—a shake of his head. Slight, so slight, like a nervous, psychotic twitch, but it was there. Perhaps a muscle spasm due to the mind-altering drugs in his system. Or perhaps something else. So I stand, my back pressed against a smooth wall, and I trust. I refuse to play this game. Peeta roars as he reaches the gun, breathing labored as he points it straight at me. The tip of the weapon wavers, but not so much that he'd miss. President Snow's expression is surprise, pleasure, gloating. "I don't believe it. Maybe you do love him after all." I don't know. Love, it's not something I understand. But I do know that I will do whatever it takes to save his life. Even at the cost of my own. "I won't kill him," I say. "Too bad he doesn't feel the same," Snow says, eyes agleam with the mania of a cornered animal. "After all, how could he?" And that's when the President gives me a front-row seat to the new memories they've grafted into Peeta's brain. Narrated in the same false cheer I've heard umpteen times in the yearly propo video for the games. (War, terrible war.) How I was directly responsible for the genocide in my own—in Peeta's—district. How I laughed when I personally inspected the results. How I sang about the Hanging Tree and smiled. Despite how Snow is twisting things, he's not entirely wrong—each narrative has a glimmer of real. Indirectly and directly, I've made Peeta suffer. Peeta and so many others. The most effective lies are based on truth. At any moment, a bullet will punctuate the litany of my sins. But as seconds of silence draw on, the light drains from Snow's slit eyes as they look rapidly between Peeta, me. "Burn," he repeats. Peeta's trigger finger twitches, but subsides. "Burn!" Snow demands again. No response. Then he's shouting it, screeching it, spittle-blood spraying the screen. But Peeta doesn't move. He doesn't move because, in his eyes, I see that he's waiting. For me, like he always has. Like the three days he lay in a cesspool of mud, injured and unmoving, waiting for me to save him. But this time, I can't save him. I can't heal him. I'm on the wrong end of a gun. And he's too broken. In his eyes, I see that he knows this. Yet still, he waits. Disbelieving, Snow says, "This is the girl who pretended to love you." Peeta waits. "She abandoned you to be tortured!" Peeta waits. "Burn, burn, burn, BURN." At each word, Peeta staggers like he's taken bullets to the chest. We have an audience of one, yet still I remain stoic, showing no weakness. Yet still, he waits. "Fine." Snow is deadly quiet. "If you won't kill her, I will." He shifts off-camera, reaching for some switch. Peeta waits no longer. He reacts. Instantly. Vehemently. Lethally. A flick of his wrist, the crack of a gunshot, and Snow's face winks out, the light in the room fizzling to gloom. We stare together at a web of glass expanding from a small hole in the monitor. Right between where his snake eyes had been. Game over. I launch myself off the wall. "We have to go. Now!" I say, reaching for the gun. We have only seconds until Snow's Peacekeepers flood the room, or tracker jackers, or black slime, or mutts, or until Snow himself comes to finish what he's started, this final game. But Peeta doesn't hand me the gun. He doesn't rush forward to join me at the exit to the maze of blood roses. Instead, he takes a step back. Points the gun at his own temple. And fires.