tapped her shoulder and asked 'Is it over, do you think?' She jumped a little, since it was hard to see, but responded 'I…I have no idea. Maybe it is…' She shrugged and looked around to see what everyone else was doing. People were starting to stand and make for the doors, using the light from their PDAs and the luminous strips on the steps to guide them. The idea spread fast so in no time at all there was a sudden rush to leave the auditorium. People were falling over each other, tripping over bags and steps, sending champagne glasses flying and, no doubt, causing the loss of countless accessories. Before we were all too panic stricken, a large group of Avoxes with torches emerged from the back and started to usher us out, a group at a time. I had never felt more undignified in my life, nor had Medusa; as we were herded out of the auditorium the house lights came on, so I noticed some Peacekeepers had positioned themselves in front of the stage. I didn't know if it was to stop any of us getting back-stage, or to stop any flighty Victors from leaving with the crowd. Either way, I found it a little unsettling. Despite the Avoxes best efforts, there was much pushing and shoving, so Medusa and I were separated in the crowd; once I was in the lobby and things had settled down, I called her on my PDA. After a long ring, she answered; it was clear she had been crying so I asked her to meet me at the Cloakroom. Within a few minutes, we were reunited again, but oddly we didn't say much. She looked a little dishevelled, as did I, and was devastated at having lost a string of pearls in the tussle to get out. Much as it pained me to see Medusa so sad, I would not be going back into the auditorium to look for pearls. I handed my ticket stub to the Avox at the counter, who brought me my coat and scarf; she behaved as though nothing had happened at all, which I will confess annoyed me a little. I then led Medusa out of the lobby and into the evening air outside. As we walked to the kerb-side, we both noticed how quiet it was. You could still hear the sounds of the city-wide celebration in the background, but close by there was no chatter, no clicking of cameras or insistent paparazzi running around. Some of the red ropes, used for crowd control before, had been knocked down, probably by people as they left. The spotlights had been turned off, so the street lighting cast long shadows up the walls of the theatre. It now looked dull and empty, as an ever decreasing stream of sullen and confused theatre-goers exited the building; the life and sparkle, so prominent before, was gone. Couples and small groups mumbled and muttered their disappointment as they passed us; we shared knowing glances with some, a few words with others, but no real conversations. I was in half a mind to go and tell the press about this; someone had to speak up about this sort of treatment. However, the press had mostly left and those few that remained were packing up their things and did not look to be in the mood to interview anyone. We reached the kerb and realised we must be at least an hour too early for our car, which we had planned to pick us up after the scheduled finish of the show. With a sigh of frustration, Medusa searched for her PDA in her clutch bag. 'I can't believe this could have happened' she snapped as she typed a message to her driver, 'surely they can't just oust us all like that!? They obviously don't know who I am…' 'I know they like to end on a dramatic note, but this does seem a little… excessive' I replied, in an attempt to lighten the mood. 'Excessive!?' she scoffed, causing he wig to quiver 'they left us in the dark and then, without a word of warning, practically threw us out of the theatre, Octavius! I'll be Chirping about this until my thumbs ache! They're not getting away with it…' Medusa retorted, making me feel a little uncomfortable. 'Sorry' I muttered, with my eyes to the ground, 'I was just trying to make sense of things…' Then silence; I cleared my throat and adjusted my scarf as I felt my face flush. It was obvious that Medusa was rather upset by what had happened. No, she was furious. 'And to top it off I lost my favourite set of black pearls!' Medusa added with a frustrated tone. She noticed I did not respond, so made an effort to reconcile by placing a hand on my arm and saying 'I didn't mean to snap at you Octavius, it's just I cannot make head nor tail of what happened… I'm confused and tired and my feet ache… anyway, the car will be here in 10 minutes, so we might as well find somewhere more comfortable to wait until it arrives'. She motioned to a nearby bench, which we proceeded to sit on. We chatted a little while sitting there, under the bright street lights, but it was clear we were both tired after our ordeal, as there were long periods of silence. We knew there was going to be a post-interviews party in the penthouse of my block upon our return, but neither of us felt much like celebrating. We decided we would make up some excuse on the way back. Our night was over, and that was the first time my complete faith in the Capitol started to waiver. While sitting there, I remember thinking 'Is it over?' and what unnerved me most is that either way, the only answer I could come up with was 'Yes, I think it is'. 11