I walk into Katniss's room and see a whole bunch of pictures of me and her the victors some with me and rue which I take and shove in my pocket. I change into a pair of plaid red pants and decide to go shirtless. I walk back downstairs and see the rest of the Victors and the boys dressed like me except different colored pants. Cato has blue, Finnick has green, Marvel has brown, Gale has gray, and Thresh has green and there all shirtless. We all have abs because we all go to the gym every weekend in the morning while the girls go swimming or shopping. "OK guys I think the mini Victors are a sleep so Marvel you got to shut your freaking mouth, I say. "No promises, he says. "OK guys now want to watch a movie, says Katniss while pulling me down to sit next to her. "Ya, we all say. She gets up and walks to the DVD's. "OK there's Mockingjay Part 1 If I Stay The Giver or Annabelle. We all say Annabelle. I was excited because it was a scary movie and when Katniss get's scared I can help. We were into the middle of the movie and so far the popcorn is all over the floor Delly almost threw up on Finnicks arm from seeing a whole bunch of blood Clove has made a human shield of Marvels shoulder which he was smirking at and Katniss just has her head in my shoulder and she is in my lap. Madge just fell al sleep on Gale. The movie finally finished and we cleaned up every thing and I said I was going to go check on the mini Victors. So I walked upstairs and saw Brandon and Rory asleep snoring and Prim and Rue I think who were asleep. I walked over to Prim and Rue who were on Prim's Queen size bed and kissed there cheeks. I walk back downstairs and sit back down next to her and pull her back into my line. "Hey Finnick how come Annie didn't come, I ask while brushing my hands through Katniss hair with her still in my lap. "Oh she got grounded apparently someone framed her into burning my moms favorite brush with her straighter will ,will never know, he said while pulling Annie's straighter. We all cracked up laughing and then Prim and Rue came downstairs. "Peeta Cato can you come up stairs and help us fall asleep again we can't go to sleep because of Rory and Brandon's snoring, Rue says with her head coming around the corner. "Sure, Cato says. We walk over to them and pick them and put them on our sides and carry them upstairs. We set them down on there beds and tucked them in. "Want us to sing you guys a song, I say. "Ya, they say. We've only done that like 3 times with them but they were little. "OK how about all of me by John Legend, Cato says. "Yay, says Rue. We laugh and start to sing. ( Cato Peeta Both ) Cato: What would I do without your smart mouth? Drawing me in, and you kicking me out You've got my head spinning, no kidding, I can't pin you down What's going on in that beautiful mind I'm on your magical mystery ride And I'm so dizzy, don't know what hit me, but I'll be alright Both : My head's under water But I'm breathing fine You're crazy and I'm out of my mind 'Cause all of me Loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose I'm winning 'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all of you, ohoh Peeta: How many times do I have to tell you Even when you're crying you're beautiful too The world is beating you down, I'm around through every mood You're my downfall, you're my muse My worst distraction, my rhythm and blues I can't stop singing, it's ringing, in my head for you Cato: My head's under water But I'm breathing fine You're crazy and I'm out of my mind 'Cause all of me Loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose I'm winning 'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all of you, ohoh Both: Give me all of you Cards on the table, we're both showing hearts Risking it all, though it's hard Peeta: 'Cause all of me Loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose I'm winning 'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all of you Both: I give you all of me And you give me all of you, ohoh When we finished they were both asleep. We went and kissed there forheads. Then got up and walked out the door. "We are good man, Cato says then does our man handshake. We walked back downstairs to see everyone else asleep. I walk over to Katniss and lay back down and kiss Katniss's cheek and fall asleep. And that's my chapter there will be more but it probably won't be this long but if it is it will take at least 1 week so thanks to everyone who read and remember the clothes and rooms for this story are on my polyvore account and my username is keyondraswag. So thanks for reading the story My Life and see you next time I'm Keyondra and remember review and PM me -Keyondraswag-