fabric. I envision Ginny's doll in my head and bought enough fabric that would make a decent sized jacket for her doll. "What could you possibly make with that little fabric?" Darius asked. "A little jacket for Ginny's doll. Yeah, maybe I could spend my money something more practical, but I know this will make her very happy." Darius smiled at me for a moment before shaking his head. "You're an amazing sister, you know that?" My face turned bright red at his compliment. What was happening to me? Darius always compliments me and I normally just brush it off. But today they have all been making me blush! I was about to say something else when Jordyn, an older Peacekeeper, rushed over to us. "Darius! There's a problem in the square, and we need all the help we can get!" Jordyn looked very rushed, and I could tell whatever it was, he needed to go. He gave me an apologetic look and I just gave him a weak smile and shooed him away. His eyes locked with mine for a minute until he spun around and ran after Jordyn. I watched them leave The Hob before moving on to the next and final item on my list. XxXxX "I am so stupid, I am so stupid, I am so stupid," I muttered to myself, and I attempted to walk through the streets even though I couldn't see a thing over the pile of firewood I was holding in my arms. My whole upper body screamed at me to set the wood down and take a break, but I was almost home. At least I thought I was. "Why didn't I bring a wagon or a cart or basket or anything really?" I grunted as I hoisted the wood up into a better position. "I seriously hope I'm close to home because I can't do this any longer. Note to self: bring something nex- OOF!" My arms completely gave out on me and the wood went crashing down as I smacked into something. I myself also went crashing to the ground and fell right on my butt. I sat there, assessing what had just happened. In front of me was a large brick wall, and all around me was the wood I had been carrying. Tears welled in my eyes in anger and I let a few of them escape as I picked myself up. I muttered angrily to myself as I began to pick up the wood. Good thing the ground was dry otherwise most of the wood would have been ruined. My arms were completely full when I realized I wouldn't be able to pick all the wood up without dropping what I had in my hands. I had to have someone stack the rest for me at The Hob. There was no way I could do it by myself. Upon realizing this, I dropped the wood again and then slid down the wall, letting more tears escape. I was just so mad at myself for forgetting something to carry the wood in. "Maisie?" An unfamiliar voice called out. "Right? Isn't it Maisie?" I looked up and through my tears I saw Gale Hawthorne standing in front of me, looking confused. I mentally smacked myself in the face. I had hardly ever talked to Gale and now he was watching me cry over spilled wood. "Are you okay?" He asked cautiously, as if I would explode any second. I sniffled and looked at all the wood around me before bursting out into tears again. He kneeled down besides me. "What's wrong? Is everything okay?" He sounded concerned now. I shook my head, sniffling again. "I.. I forgot something to.. to carry the wood.. in. And.. I ran into the.. the wall and dro-dropped everything. An-and now I.. I can't pick it back up!" I said through my small sobs. Gale started at me for a minute before a grin formed on his face. "It's not funny!" I shouted at him angrily. His smile immediately dropped and he held up his hands as if to surrender. "You're right," he said. "It's not. It's not funny. I'm sorry" There was a small pause, and then he started laughing again. This time, my lips turned into a smile and the next thing I knew, I was laughing along with him. I finally calmed down enough to dry the tears on my face and talk properly. "I'm so sorry.. I don't know what overcame me. I can't believe I just cried over dropping a pile of wood," I said, laughing to myself. Gale just shrugged and waved his hand like it was nothing. "We all have to have a good cry every once in awhile," he said. "So, do you want some help with the wood?" I sighed and smiled apologetically. He stood up and began to pick up some pieces. After all the wood was picked up, the load he was carrying was substantially bigger than mine. But considering the size of his biceps, I didn't think he even noticed. And as we walked through the streets, silent, I thought about how that was the first time I officially met Gale Hawthorne. And I had been crying over dropped wood. Hopefully first impressions don't stick with him. But hey, if he wasn't smart enough to leave while he could, maybe there was a real potential for a friendship here. Who knew. Alright, well that's it for chapter one! Sorry it's kinda slow and lacking Gale. But I always tend to rush into relationships and the plot when writing, so this time I'm trying my hardest to not do that. I swear Gale will be in it more from now on. And please stop me if I start to rush the story. Please. And another thing: please leave a review! Telling me what you thought, what you'd like to see, and what I can do better! Thanks to everyone who read :}