their favors. He had no idea where to go in this secluded, arcane forest. To him, it looked sinister and dark, harboring secrets of the past and predictions of the future. Solicitously, Peeta shuffled through the forest, hoping for some neon sign to flash before his eyes. In the midst of his inspection of the woods, Katniss thought that in Peeta Mellark's arms was certainly not a place she thought she would die. She had considered a bullet for poaching, the Hunger Games, and years before dying of hunger under the old apple tree beside the Mellark Bakery. Illness, arrest for illegally owning weapons, eating the wrong plant, the possibilities were endless. But she had never conjured the thought of almost rape, two knocks to the head, then finally dying in his arms. This was not how she planned on spending her last dying minutes! Katniss cried out on the top of her lungs, "No! Let me go!" Then she flopped back into Peeta's embrace, surrendering to the warm protection of the blackness- her body going completely limp. She could barely hear Peeta's words, furious cuss words spewing from his mouth and enraged inquiries, while she could feel herself being carefully lowered to the soft ground of grass, her head being supported by his steady arm. He shook her, on the brink of violence. He was becoming desperate. "Shit! Katniss! Katniss, damn it, will you look at me! Look at me!" Katniss finally opened her eyes; her eyes looking distinctively similar to the ones of her prey when they were struck with one of her murderous arrows. He yelled at her impulsively, his forehead throbbing from nerves. "Breathe! I'm not going to lose you!" She struggled to follow what he was saying. She gazed at the brilliant night sky, the stars shining to their fullest. At long last, Katniss managed to somehow resemble a normal breath- then the sky pitched and the forest whirled around her in a circle- the sudden rush of oxygen making her wobbly. At that point she had grabbed Peeta's shirt and yanked forward, burying her head in his chest, regardless of the results that could occur. He was the only one giving her comfort when she needed it most. Unhesitating, Peeta wrapped his arms tighter around her quaking body, letting her cry her heart out. "Katniss," he said softly, then waited for her to look up at him, locking her silver eyes with his blue ones. His eyes burned with an intensity she hadn't seen before. "Did he touch you? Did he...rape you?" She swallowed over the lump in her throat and shook her head. Then she pressed a tremulous hand over where her heart was, looking for the steady beat. She located her thumping organ and felt reassured- she wasn't dead just yet. But only this simple act caused the nausea to return full force. "He-he only... kissed me," she managed, as waves of vertigo engulfed her fully. No longer could she focus on Peeta's bright cerulean orbs. He grew blurry around the edges, and she slid farther down into the darkness. "Where's a place that we can go?" Peeta muttered to himself quietly. "That is comfortable, hidden, and has medical supplies?" "Vi-violet Hill." Katniss whispered, picturing the beautiful landscape. "Just follow the... st-stacked stones." She had so many questions- questions of why he was in the forest to begin with, why he was trying to heal her, and most importantly- why did he save her? "Wh-why d-did you save-" Peeta cut her off- he didn't want to waste valuable time on answers he didn't want to give. "I had my reasons," he stated finally. Katniss wanted to know exactly what those reasons were - but the wooziness took over her and the dizzy spell was too great. She closed her eyes once again, but Peeta wouldn't have any of it. "Keep your eyes open!" He commanded- hoisting her from the ground and into his arms in one fluid motion. He knew what the stacked stones were- in school he was taught that the rebels who fled into the forests marked trails with stones, stacked one on top of another. It was to tell the difference between rebel camps and Capitol mercenary ones. It surprised him that Katniss still signaled trails this way. He looked down at his companion and instantly the color drew from his face. She was pale, a deathly white, and he noticed that there was... Blood. Her hair, her dark, beautiful thick hair was covered in blood. He saw her tremulous lips move infinitesimally and Peeta bent down so he could hear what she was struggling to say. "Tell... tell Primrose I love her." He swore astonishingly then- and lifted her chin up none too gently; compelling her to look at him. "Katniss, stay with me, all right? You're going to keep your eyes open. Keep your eyes open ! Do you hear me? Katniss! Katniss!" The fatigue was too great. She tried to keep them open- but it wasn't her fault that slumber was so enticing, that the blackness kept encroaching forwards. She felt him stumble on the trail, cutting the entrance away, but his words were floating in space- she couldn't hear them. She felt a prickling sensation in the back oh her head, then the darkness swept over her entirely. She could only hear him shout three words over and over and over again. "Stay with me!" She leaned her blood coated head into his chest, lifeless. ~XXXXX~ A/N This is no ordinary Katniss/Peeta fanfiction. Hopefully, I snared your attention with this chapter. I'm basically going to screw with Katniss's head. And Peeta's. I have dark plans... I'm definitely going to enjoy this. I have yet to find a fanfic where Peeta's mind is already messed with before the 74th Hunger Games. This will be dark and peppered with angst and many, many, many plot bunnies. So many questions left unanswered... I'd love to hear your thoughts!