thought maybe you wouldn't want to remember that." In a rush, he adds, "I know it's kind of plain." "No, Peeta, I love it." I flash him a sincere smile. "Thank you." "Anything for you," he answers softly, a warm glow coming back into his eyes as he looks at me. "Well, are we going to eat it or just stare at it?" Haymitch asks bluntly. As we eat, Haymitch fills us in on all the government business throughout the districts and the Capital. District 12 hasn't elected a mayor or government official to run the city, so for now Haymitch is taking over that role, and Peeta and I help where we can. At first I was concerned with Haymitch having so much power over the decisions of our district, but I'm finding him to be a very gifted political figure. He has the right intentions and he is in never-ending contact with the Capital, making us always informed and up-to-date with what's going on. "Everything's pretty peaceful. Except for that hovercraft sighting in District 3, but that's still up for question." "What hovercraft sighting in District 3?" Peeta asks. "Do you mean it wasn't our hovercraft?" "The man who saw it claims it didn't look like the ones the Capital uses." Haymitch shrugs and dips a piece of cake into his wine glass. "But then where could the hovercraft have come from?" "Homemade invention?" Peeta suggests. "Just because we're free from Snow's grasp doesn't mean rules and laws don't still apply. And one of those rules is the construction of a hovercraft; you can't do it." "Is there another city or group of people nearby?" I ask but already know the answer. In school, we were taught that the land surrounding the districts was too abused by past civilizations to support life. "No, no. Like I said, it's still up for question. I'm sure the man just made a mistake. It's nothing to worry your little heads about." "You're right," Peeta says, clearly ready to dismiss the subject. "So, Katniss, what do you usually do to celebrate your birthday?" "Nothing much. Prim used to sing me happy birthday. My mother attempted to make a cake a few times, but those never turned out well." I shake my head a little. "Really, I don't need to celebrate. It's just a day." "Yeah, but it's still your day. Tell you what, you go hunt and when you come back I'll have something planned for us to do, okay?" I can tell by Peeta's face that he's already thinking. I nod and lean in for one more kiss when Haymitch isn't looking before heading out to the woods. xXx Since it is now legal to roam outside the fence that surrounds the district, it's not unlikely to come across an amateur hunter trying to get fresh meat for his family. Because of this, I have to be very careful choosing where and when I hunt. Luckily, I've found an area about a quarter of a mile from the fence that's untouched and filled with game. The first thing I do is check my snares and come clean with two rabbits. There is no stream or lake nearby, so I can't fish, and I spend the rest of my time resetting traps and trying to shoot down larger animals with my bow. My eyes have just locked onto a deer some fifty feet ahead when I hear a noise. It's not an animal. It's coming from the sky. A bird? No, no bird can be that loud. Whatever it is, it scares the deer. I curse softly, knowing I had just the shot to kill it. The noise comes back again, louder this time. Looking up, I squint my eyes against the sunlight to see a hovercraft come into view. It's low, narrowly missing the tops of trees, and it looks like it doesn't know where it's going from its choppy movements. But what startles me the most is the looks of it. I have seen enough Capital hovercrafts to know their designs. And this one does not look like one at all. A shiver runs up my body. Is this the kind of hovercraft the man in District 3 saw? Where did it come from? Why is it traveling through the districts? I flatten my body against a tree, not daring to stand out in the open. I don't know if this hovercraft is friend or foe, and I don't want to take my chances. With my bow still strung, I at least have something to defend myself with if I am attacked. The hovercraft encircles around the area before hovering directly above me. Curiously, I look up and see a figure pressing his body against the large window that takes up nearly one side of the craft. I swear he's looking at me, but I should be shielded enough by trees to stay hidden. He has black hair, from what I can see, and grey eyes. Grey eyes. Seam eyes. I walk out into the open without thinking of the consequences. Yes, Seam eyes. District 12 eyes. Gale eyes. "Gale!" I scream, suddenly overcome with emotion. I jump up, waving my arms, knocking my bow from my hand. I am defenseless. "Gale! Gale!" The boy's reacting. He's hitting the window, he's waving. It's Gale! Why is he in a strange hovercraft? Where has he been for the past year? Is he in danger? Is he captured? The hovercraft starts moving again and on instinct I follow it. Jumping over logs, avoiding trees, I run until I am out of breath, exhausted. Falling to my knees, I am too weak to yell out his name, too tired to stand when the hovercraft once again glides into my view. Forcing my head up, I do not have time to understand what happens next. A loud, deafening booming sound explodes in my ear and my sight fills with fire before everything goes dark.