took over the pain in her face he noted as he rocked their bodies together, not forcefully but enough that the bed began to move with them. She kissed his face as he explored hers. Her nose, cheek, chin, ears, everything was so wonderful and a moan escaped his mouth. He grabbed her knee and wrapped her leg around his back so he could move deeper and more comfortably inside her warmth. Annie began to cry out slightly, gasping at the air but never moving away from him. He lost himself in the rising and falling of her body which made him reach a new high he had never imagined. Annie's sweet cake-apple cider-peppermint breath – a reminder of their wedding – washed over him as her head tossed from side to side and it was so overwhelming that he froze for a second. "No, don't stop…Finnick, please…" Annie sighed out, sensing his hesitation but still gasping from the pleasure of it all as her hand gripped delightfully into the skin of his back. "I won't," he promised kissing her passionately on the mouth and resumed their rhythm. "Oh god, I love you, Annie…I…you're so…oh, Annie…" He felt his restraint begin to loosen and he went faster and deeper and if the noises she was making were any indication, it was far from hurting her. A few times through the cries of pleasure mixed in with the moans of his name, she told him to be closer and he was only too happy to oblige. Finnick still felt like they were too far apart even though they were one and he felt her teeth teasing his lower lip as she moved her mouth along his jaw line to his ear and whisper 'more, please' needlessly into his ear. Finnick gently took her arms and rolled them to the side, keeping her tightly against his body and thrusting steadily as they continued to move around the bed, getting everything from each other and he knew in that moment that not being with this woman for the rest of his life would surely kill him. He pushed himself into her again and again and her sweet release was repeated with gasps and moans from the both of them. Finnick had no idea how up until now, he had lived without this and didn't think he could survive another night without her. "Annie," he whispered when her ear was near his lips. He felt her body shake again and her moan his name as another orgasm racked her body and her hands gripping into his back seemed to push through his skin and radiate to his very bones with pleasure. "You're perfect…you're so beautiful," he whispered to her as he continued the assault of kisses on her neck. He could feel his pleasure beginning to heighten and knew he was close. Everything about this was better than any of his fantasies. Annie's movements, her sounds, her body, it was more than what he had dreamed it to be and he couldn't hold on for much longer. Finnick waited for her muscles to tense up and her fingers pull desperately at his hair before he let his self control go and held her body against his while his free hand gripped a handful of sheet next to her head. He yelled her name as both their climaxes rocked their bodies and lights exploded in his eyes. Finnick, in all his years of training, of Games, of sex, had never been so physically and emotionally exhausted in this life. The experience was so surreal and foreign it had felt like it had been a first time for him as well as nothing he had ever done in his life had compared to that. His body collapsed on top of hers which was also damp with sweat, taking his weight on his elbows. He tried to calm his frantic heartbeat and shaky breath by focusing on the feel of her fingers tracing patterns on his damp back that was probably going to be marked with little fingernail indents in the morning. Finnick weakly lifted himself up to look at her face which was buried into his shoulder. She was panting as well and looked completely worn out but sufficiently loved and content. She had a tired but breathtaking smile on her face as she pressed a kiss to his neck. He knew he should ask her if she was okay or if she was hurt or tell her he loved her at least but he was not capable of producing words and instead just lay in her arms and hold her close, occasionally watching the dim light of their room bounce off her hair in a wonderful fashion. "I love you, my sweet Annie. Annie Odair," he said when he managed to gain control over his body and let a limp red curl wrap around his finger. "I love you too, Finn," she said sweetly and hazily but just as sincerely as her body began to settle into sleepiness. He felt her lower muscles relax around him but cursed internally when she still made a pained noise when he removed himself from her reluctantly. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry," he said kissing her hair when he rolled next to her. "Are you hurting? Are you alright?" "Sssh," she shushed him pressing a finger to his lips as her body shape easily settled into his own and she snuggled into his hot chest, grateful for the cool constant breeze of District 13. "Stop fussing. I'm more than alright." Truthfully, her whole body was aching especially in areas she hadn't known existed but it was nothing compared to the warm and bursting feeling that was taking residence in her chest. She felt like she could sleep for days if he didn't move from beside her. "Everything's perfect." He smiled and pressed a kiss to his wife's temple. His wife. He would never get used to that. "Yes, it is."