over." A playful smile crept up my face as she did what I said. On all fours, legs slightly apart, ready for me. I caressed her ass gently, massaging her supple flesh and lightly spanking her. She squealed a little, before giggling. I gave another light spank then massaged the slightly pink cheek. "Damn, I'll miss this view. Wish I had photographic memory," I said as I traced my hand over her wet pussy. "Mhmmm…" she moaned gently, twitching under my gentle touch. "They're probably developing that technology somewhere, especially for guys like you that what to replay these amazing moments." "Don't… I'd stop living just to stay here…" I guided myself in between her legs and pulled her by the hips so she slid over my throbbing erection. She moaned gently as I filled her up, tightening with each inch I moved in. My eyes rolled back into their sockets, the pleasure already starting to build. I rocked her back and forth, gently at first, teasing her and myself with each stroke. My nails dug into her porcelain skin as I built up that changing rhythm, hitting her deeper and harder and faster and slower and softer and deeper, so much deeper than before. I reached forward and stroked her sweet pleasure spot. I wanted us both to feel this amazing moment. She couldn't contain the delight I was giving her; her moans were the sweetest sound I had heard. She trembled gently, pushing herself back into me with each thrust I gave. "V… I'm…" I gritted my teeth, rubbing her harder. "I'm so close," she panted, between moans. I had to time this right. She was twitching with pleasure. I couldn't wait. Her body, it drove me crazy, to the point of climaxing. Intense and awesome. A never ending spiral of diverging pain and pleasure. I heard her cry out. "Finnick!" she groaned, tightening around my throbbing member. I bent over and rested my head on her back. I was spent, completely exhausted. She breathed deep as well, her body still trembling slightly. I smiled and kissed the small of her back. Guiding myself out of her gently, I slumped back and close my eyes. I heard her move off the bed then back on, collapsing on top of me. I opened my eyes. She was breathing deep, looking so tired. "Did you enjoy that?" I asked. She smiled and looked up to me. "That was my best orgasm ever," she said. I smiled. "I wish I could've seen your face," I purred. "Well," she said, giggling slightly. "You will live the rest of your life wanting to know that." "Yeah, and it will turn me on so much. I know that even just thinking of your moans will get me hard." She snuggled up against my body, her legs entwining with mine. She smiled slightly as she rested her head on my chest. I wrapped my arm around her and held her close. I looked down at her. She looked tired. But it felt right: her being with me, this divine closeness. It felt like she fit perfectly under my arm, a snug fit for a cuddle. "Do you think we'll ever see each other again?" she whispered, as not to disturb the close moment we had. "I… I don't know… Tonight was fun, really. But would you want to see me again? Like seriously see me? Knowing I'm Snow's lap dog? Knowing what I have to do?" She shrugged and kissed my chest softly. "I guess. Maybe not. We'd probably try to recreate this and it wouldn't be the same." "Hey… We'd still have an amazing time. Honestly, I will never forget this." "Me either. I hope I do see you. Even if you don't realise it's me. I like you. You're different to what I thought you'd be," she said, with a slight yawn. I yawned as well, the exhaustion hitting me. "Well, thank you. I appreciate it. Being the 'man whore' of Panem comes with a lot of prejudice." I felt her body start to relax. "I like you to Venus. And maybe we will get to see each other again. Properly. No masks. Just you and me." Then I heard deep breathing. "Together." I looked down. She was fast asleep. I could… But what if she woke up? No. I promised her I wouldn't take her mask off. I glanced at her neck and smiled. I left a love bite where I kissed her. She will definitely remember me in the morning. I closed my eyes and breathed deep. I woke up, startled and scared. What the… I was back in my bedroom in the Training Centre. I rubbed my head and got up. That was one crazy dream! I got up and went to the shower. I looked up into the waterfall of water. I washed my body and hair. I got out and dried myself, looking in the mirror. No… By my hip bone was a mark, a mark not even the Capitol's soap could remove. The mark of a blood red kiss. There's only one way that could've got there. But it was a dream! How could I fall asleep there and wake up here! I stared at my reflection in the mirror. It was real. I put my hands to my lips in remembrance of her lips, her supple lips, and could taste her instantly. I did sleep with that girl, Venus. And I wished I knew her, who she was. Words could never describe how amazing that night was. Shivers went down my spine when I thought of her sensuous touch, how she wrapped her tongue around my member, when I came inside her. Not only that, but she knew about me, what Snow made me do. And she understood. She was normal. I looked for her, trying to see if anyone knew of a Venus, blonde with brown eyes. But nothing. I would never find her, ever.