smoothly, but the small girl knew better. The protective note in her voice made it clear she was completely willing to lay hands to anyone who disobeyed her warning - and, to be frank, Cypress wasn't planning to piss off her only connection to the outside world before the games even began. "He's friendly enough, but he doesn't like idle chit-chat. I think that's why he wanted you instead of your brother." She mused to herself, now unbothered by the girls' infinite silence. "He might ask for some input, but I'm quite certain he will provide you with a means to communicate a response - so don't fret too much." Cypress had never had anyone care so much about her predicament - she'd had quite a time learning the art of charades! - so this much attention to it was quite embarrassing. It was all so mind-numbingly flattering to her. All the attention and love was, admittedly, expanding her far ego beyond the boundaries of her skull. They entered a closed room, and Spinel rested her hands on her hips as she began scanning the room. "Not bad." She purred, then looked at her tiny companion, pointing at her in reminder before leaving wordlessly. She had no idea how long she sat there before someone finally came in to visit - but they were not at all what she expected. It was an elderly man - she was assuming late forties - and two younger ones, both appearing vibrant and excited as ever. It was like they'd never seen a girl before as they prance up and began examining her, chattering away to each other so quickly she could hardly understand them - besides an occasional "tsk, tsk!" or "Oh, how cute!". Her face quickly turned a bright red as they began looking into more detailed areas - her armpits, her eyebrows, excetra - and making tiny disapproving noises. She made eye contact with the elderly man before he snapped his fingers and the pair backed off. "Alright, boys, we need to get her looking nice and clean," his voice was gruff as she frowned at him, almost pouting. "So get her looking naturally beautiful, then we'll work on the rest. I'll be back in an hour and a half." He waved them off to work as he turned and left, closing the door firmly behind him. "Alright, dolly-dearest, we need you to hop in the bath for us." She finally got to get a good look at them as they quit buzzing around, and found them to be fairly attractive boys. They appeared to be twins, upon closer examination, except one was blond and the other had apparently died his hair a bright red. Their eyes were both a light hazel, and both glimmering with mischief as she turned a bright pink once again. "Now, now, don't be shy!" The other purred in her ear as he began dragging her towards a bathroom she hadn't bothered to examine while alone. "This is our job - I promise we're not checking you out." They were apparently prone to taking up the others conversation. "Though she is really pretty." One giggled as she stumbled a bit, having been shoved towards the tub. "By the way," she turned and could clearly see them now, no longer being tossed around like a ragdoll. The blond was speaking, a massive grin planted on his chiseled features - an identical one on his brothers face. "I'm Nathaniel, and this is Nikolas." He said cheerfully, both breaking into slow laughter as they stepped out long enough for her to strip down and crawl into the massive tub. They returned barely armfuls of different soaps and oils and scrubs. Cypress couldn't help but feel violated by the handsome pair as they began bathing her in the oddly smelling mixtures - but the pleasantness of the warm water was quickly taken away as soon as they decided she met their standard of clean. She was then whisked away to what appeared to be a hospital table in the middle of the room - after some insane machine dried her in a matter of seconds! - and laid out, still very naked. Though she wasn't starved, her ribs still stuck out a little more than usual and they shook their heads in disapproval, though remained silent to it, and began waxing her legs and arms. Fortunately, she was not known for her noisy disapproval, so her cringes went unnoticed by them. In fact, the red-headed boy mumbled, "She's very quiet for someone who's never had this done before." "She's a mute, dumby." As if embarrassed, he ducked his head and began plucking away what little was still there with his tweezers. It felt like hours before she was finally allowed to get dressed - and by 'get dressed' she meant 'given a robe to put on'. The twins had left her after a tedious application of skin-softeners and other such concoctions, promising to be right back. Apparently they had to go find Adde, as he had apparently refused to return in the given amount of time. Cypress sat on the table she'd been on only moments before and lightly felt her skin. She felt... pretty . Her hair had been brushed out, though the curls remained lazy and loose. She had the feeling Adde would probably accent them somehow, she guessed, just from watching the previous games. "Cypress!" She turned to look at the man in the doorway, her stylist, with a shy stare. "You look lovely," he said simply, before adding, "But it's time for some real work to be done." her stomach dropped. She couldn't even imagine laying there while people flicked and flittered and covered her in their odd smelling make-up and hair-styling and - "Relax, it won't take near as long." He grinned at her, his face wrinkling more with pleasure at her relieved expression. Cypress could see a long, lasting friendship with this man.