in Katniss's throat again. He bit his lip. Effie cleared her throat. "Well, this is Haymitch, he'll be your mentor for the games," Effie introduced, her Capitol accent breaking the somber silence of the cart, some reflecting on just barely brushing death, some accepting it, and some determined to beat it. Haymitch looked up through his scraggly blonde bangs, and scratched the beginning of stubble, observing them. "Oh, so we've got a baker and a pretty-boy, huh?" Haymitch snorted, "District 12 is sure to win this year, huh?" Katniss was having a glare off with the older man when Peeta stood suddenly. "Excuse me," she said softly, smoothing her dress, eyes dry and head tilted as if she was of nobel birth. "I 'm heading to my room now," she stated, before exiting the dining cart and heading of the her own room, a cart entirely to herself. Silence as the door closed behind her. Haymitch scoffed and downed another glass of spirits, his teeth clinking against the edge of the glass as he said, "Oh, and apparently she thinks she's royalty too." Katniss made a disgusted noise in the back of his throat which sounded like a growl of challenge to Haymitch. He raised an eyebrow, "Wanna go, pretty-boy? Sorry if I insulted your girlfriend." Katniss turned on his heel, a sneer of disgust curling onto his face, he already despised the man who smelt of alcohol after a few minutes with him, but if it was a way to win the Hunger Games, he would put up with him, for Prim. _Peeta's P.O.V._ Only once the door slammed shut behind me did I collapse with my back to it, the fibers of the carpet digging into my knees. He was wearing my pin. The pin I had given to Prim to protect her from the Hunger Games. I snorted into my knees, fat lot of good that did. Even if she hadn't ended up in the Hunger Games, he did. I hugged my knees. He had something in District 12, he had people, he had a loving family that he provided for, a friend that would die for him. What did I have? I had my cakes, I had my face, which both could be replaced easily, I could easily be replaced. My father would mourn me for some time, Prim would be upset, but life would go on, just with one less pretty face, one less iced cake. I could still feel my mother's cold hands cupping my face, her nails digging lightly into my chin as she gave my a tight-lipped smile, eyes cold. "Maybe District 12 will finally have a victor." she told me, eyes chilling with that usual disapproving glint. For once, I could agree with my usually cold and distant mother. District 12 would have a victor this year, only it wouldn't be me. I was determined to get Katniss home, back where he belonged. Wether it was helping him when he was wounded or throwing myself into line of fire, I would deliver that boy home, where he was needed, where he was wanted. My fists clenched the delicate fabric of my Reaping dress and tears sprung to my eyes, a shaky smile pressing itself into my kneecaps. And that pin, that pin would be a reminder. Every time it flashed in the light, every time it would adorn his clothes, it would serve to remind me why I was here. I was here so Katniss could go home. I grinned and pressed my hands to my cheeks. I would do anything, to deliver the boy with the intense gray eyes home, where he was needed. "Let it be known from today forth," I whispered to myself, as if to make it official, "That the baker's daughter will return the boy with the intense eyes home." For some reason, a blanket of calm settled over me. I had accepted the fact that I was going to die. I was going into the arena, but never coming back out. But Katniss would, I would make sure of it. Because that was my duty, it was my title, branded across me from when I was born, I was the fair, sweet, daughter who enjoyed most everyone's company, who played with and watched the younger children, who was so clumsy, that when she tripped, ten people in the street would stop to help her.I was the baker's daughter, a title I hid behind my whole life. And I would die with that title. I would die, Katniss would live, and I would be happy. Because the odds will be in his favor, wether I have to make them that way or not. A/N: FINALLY. After three straight days of typing until I thought my fingers would go numb, I FINALLY finished it. And you know what? I'm damn proud of this! I got the idea for this stuck in my head a couple of week's ago, how I felt the Hunger Games would "Go Down" if Peeta and Katniss's genders had been switched. That one phrase, "The Baker's daughter" kept popping up, it just stuck for some reason. Alright, and before I get those whiny, bitch little review that say- "LOL Katniss is a chick dork!" "Omg Peeta dis like the cutest guy ever, liek, why'd you make him girly and stuff~?" "Go burn, this is so stupid." "Lol omg wtf!" NO. I forbid reviews like this. I FORBID IT! I want meaningful reviews, not flames and shit, and please, if your gonna flame, make it smart, well thought out ones please? If they are, I will graciously bathe in those flames and maybe accept thou's advice. Anyways, I've probably lost the attention of all the shorter attention span people out there, but if your'e still reading this good for you, and don't tell the lower life forms, but I'm insulting them~! Anyways, thanks for reading and do me a BIG favor and review? Puh-LEASE?