trees. He tenses, his shoulders beginning to shake. He looks around for a weapon, anything to defend himself, when the figure is suddenly seen through a flash of lightning. Tan skin, tall, dark brown locks. Altan Everdeen, a boy he knew from school. Known for his dealings with the black market, he was nice enough, and had been friendly enough to Jack. Relaxing, he slowly moves his hand away from the block of wood. He watches, in the dimness, to see him move amongst the trees, taking careful steps. He was brave, and Jack had to admire his bravery, to risk death and everybody he loved to bring food home. He hears a laugh, a high pitched familiar laugh. Shivering, he turns his back, figuring Altan must have brought a girl with him into the forest. It wouldn't be a surprise. But when he hears that laugh again, his heart drops. He knew that laugh. He slowly turns his head, pleading silently that it couldn't be her, that it shouldn't be. She was missing, she was as good as dead. No way could it be- And yet, there she was. Illuminated solely by the lightning that dances across the sky, she stood by Altan's side, dressed in a raggedy brown dress. Her hair was braided down her back, and a cloak surrounds her shoulders, covering her from the rain. By Altan's side, she held a burlap sack, the burlap lumpy from the contents. And when lightning flashes again, he sees the way Altan looks at her, as though she was the most important thing in the world. Another flash. His arm was wrapped around her shoulder. Flash. Their lips meet, and Jack's heart breaks. He slowly pulls himself from his stunned state, walking back into his house without a thought. He doesn't realize how many tears are in his eyes until they blur his vision, and he has to scream to get them out. Slamming his fist into the wall, he sobs, letting it all go. A storm was all it took to take her away from him, to show how she never needed him. She didn't choose him. She chose Altan. "Y-You were supposed to love me." he whispers to himself, his voice breaking with the agonizing lie of the statement. No, she didn't. She didn't have to love him. She had a free will, a free heart. She was a bird, free to choose whoever she could love. And it wasn't him. It was never him. AGE 25: He married Carrie Ferguson at the age of 18. He had to learn how to forget Sparrow, how to forget how many times he had waited for her. All those years of loving her, and she never saw how much he needed her. Jack Mellark's pressure point was Sparrow Ewart, but Sparrow Ewart's would never be Jack Mellark. Having their first child barely after a year of marriage, their third son, Peeta, was starting schoool today. They had Rye when they were merely 18, having him barely a month after the marriage. Bran, at 19, and Peeta at 20. He was five years old today, and they he was taking him to school. His brothers were old enough to walk by themselves. Standing in line, Peeta grasps his father's hand as they wait to walk into the primary school, an excited smile on his face. Jack smiles down at his son, remembering the first time he had gone to school. It was the first time he had ever hoped that there could be something more in this life. Instead, he was cursed with this life. Fate picked favorites. As Peeta talks, he glances around at the other fathers and mothers that sacrificed their work time to bring their children. He smiles at the energetic children, already talking and dancing together. He hoped Peeta wouldn't make too many friends, as odds were they would be taken away before they were 18. He knew this, because that's what had happened to Sparrow- And there she was. Standing tall, in all her glory, she grasps a little girl's hand, a bitter smile on her face. His heart breaks even more when he realizes who the girl looks like more. Her father. The couple had resurfaced a few years ago, and Jack was hesistant to become in touch with her again. He knew his heart could only take so much. Gently tugging Peeta's hand, he kneels, pointing out the pair to his son. "See that little girl over there?" he asks, a grim smile on his face, "The one with the two braids? I wanted to marry her mother, but she ran away with a coal miner." "Why would she want to be with a coal miner if she could've had you?" Why did she? It was a question that never ceased to haunt Jack, a question he wouldn't ever stop asking, even if he was married and had children. He still loved Sparrow Everdeen, though he pleaded in his heart that she would love him still. He knew he always will, but she would never see how much he did. He had always been so close, for her to love him, but almost could never ever be enough. Why did she choose Altan? A memory stirs, one that Jack had tried to forget, one that permanently stamped the reason in his brain, branding itself on his soul. Sparrow had always loved music, though Jack himself was rubbish at it. Altan... "Cause when he sings...even the birds stopped to listen." Including his own songbird, Sparrow. He had waited for her heart, and she had left without a trace, leaving him a mess. But that was okay, and at the same time it wasn't. All he wanted was for her to be happy, but he would still wait for her, from this day on and forevermore, he would wait for her heart, to see that he loved her more then she could ever know. Fin