and when she chooses to place a hand on his knee, he finds himself grabbing it, like an anchor. Looking for something to hold him down before he cracks any further. Annie eventually opens her mouth and runs her other hand through his hair, "I'm sorry." It's simple. It's enough. This Annie lasts for weeks. She is stronger, bolder. Braver. She tells him that her favourite colour is green, and then adds with a gentle poke to the end of his nose, "Like your eyes." Finnick keeps expecting her to snap back into the other person, the real one. He keeps expecting her to suddenly forget where she is or what's happened. He doesn't understand what's wrong with her, but it keeps him on edge. It's like waiting for the wave to crash onto the beach. Every Victor must have a talent. Annie makes jewellery out of shells. He stays with her while she learns, and soon she becomes pretty good at it. It gives her something to focus on – not that she needs it, because when she's like this, she has no nightmares. Annie is still complacent, and he thinks that she'll never be as furious as she was that first time. She even allows the doctors to check her over and visit on Finnick's request. They just monitor her. Nothing major, just a few questions. She asks about the Games, but they never explain it to her. She asks Finnick and Mags, but they won't say anything. Mags thinks it's better this way – better for her to snap back to normal on her own. No need to show her what had happened, because she's better not knowing. When she does return to normal, the first thing she asks is if Finnick is okay. The doctors ask why – she responds quickly about his family. "I'm alright, Annie," Finnick replies from the other side of the room. The sound of his voice has her head snap towards him, and she relaxes entirely in her bedroom. Weeks' worth of memories, gone. Like that. She won't remember their conversations or the night he came to her. And by the looks of things, this is how she will go through the rest of her life. Jumping from between states, from one to another – and possibly even others. Forgetting. Repeatedly . "Fugue state," the doctors tell him the next day. Fugue state. Fugue state. They tell him that it happens because of stress – he knows it's started because of the Games. They explain the condition to him and add that it's odd that she's goes in and out of so many fugue states so quickly, but he doesn't quite understand it. It never sinks all the way in, mainly why it persists. He gets its stress, but surely there's more to it. Annie Cresta, the Victor of the 70th Hunger Games, she with no one in the world except for him and Mags... would just forget who she was. She'd think she's someone else, alternating between people, between lives. Her memories would vanish. She wouldn't recall the way that she'd become adept at making shell necklaces. She couldn't understand why Finnick was a little better, because according to her, they'd just got back a few days ago from the Victory Tour and found out the devastating news. What she'd liked, what she had done. Gone. They tell him that she could forget again at any moment and become someone else, someone that doesn't know him instead of the other person she becomes. That she'd change. They warn him that it can be for a few days, for a few weeks, or even months and years. But then she would come back, and that's what stumped him most of all. Annie would leave, but she would always come back. He thinks on it for days after the doctor's visit. Annie seems to be aware now that she's different to the other Victors, that she's sick – it's not right that she forgets large periods of her life. It saddens her, and Mags is quick to remind her that maybe if she thinks hard enough she can remember. Annie even asks them much later, when they are at Finnick's house and eating with his family, what she is like when she's not normal. Mags remarks that she is mostly the same. He thinks that there's no point in trying to differentiate them, because despite the differences, they are the same. The differences are still a part of her, and they are still inside her. The next day, he watches Annie carefully, when they're on the beach. Mags is fishing with his brother and Mother, but Annie's wondering how she knows how to make shell necklaces. She keeps saying that she doesn't know how, but her hands clearly remember from the other Annie's time. Her hands don't shake. They're graceful. But the look on her face is exactly the same. The same concentration and will to make something beautiful. And then Finnick understands. Annie learnt to cope by disappearing. She learnt to simply vanish when the mental pressure got too much, like a hermit crab going back into its shell. When the horrors of the Games were at the forefront of her mind during the Victory Tour, she'd disappear. When she was forced to confront the people's families that she outlived, she'd disappear. When she saw someone she cared for break down, she'd disappear. Annie places the bracelet back on the sand and then raises her hands to her ears. Another habit since the Games, but it's smaller and easier to deal with than the fugue state. Finnick does what he always does – he grabs her wrists and tries to take them away from her head. This time, Annie speaks, "Don't, please... Their screams..." So instead his fingers climb slowly up the backs of her hands and rest over her knuckles, waiting until the echoes of the past leave her mind.