have found myself thinking about it sometimes in the woods. More than once this has brought my own hand to my center out where no one else can see. He pulls my underwear completely off and throws them on the floor before kneeling between my legs to examine me. I think that he might ask for permission but he must take the amount of fluid pooling in front of his face as invitation enough because he gently parts my folds with his finger tips and runs his tongue across my clit. I let out a deep moan and reach down to thread my fingers through is hair as he continues with long strokes until finally circling the small nub that he knows brings me the most pleasure. I am climbing towards my orgasm fast and it is by far the most delicious climb I have ever felt but something feels like it is missing. Before I can even think of what I want to ask him for my voice is pleading "I feel so empty Peeta." In response he pushes one of his big thick baker's fingers into me and pushes with his tongue so that it touches the inside of my bud. I come harder than I ever have and for the first time I have something for my walls to clench around. If there was ever a chance I would want to be with another man it is over now. He wipes his mouth on the back of his arm reminding me despite the feelings coursing through my body that he is still a teenage boy. But he is my boy and I want to claim him forever so when he climbs back up my body and I see his raging erection I pull him down on top of me so that it bumps against my entrance. "Now" I beg him. "I'll never be more ready than now." I am not sure what he wanted to say in response because all he can do is let out a grunt when I grab his cock and try to push it inside of me. He has to hold my arms down for a second to still me and I would definitely be more than a little frightened at the gesture if it were anyone but him. Once I still beneath him he reaches down and inserts two fingers into me and moves them around before adding a third stretching me as much as he can. It reminds me why I was scared of this to begin with and my breath picks up more from anxiety than desire until he kisses my forehead gently. "I'll take you gently darling" he whispers to me. "You have nothing to be afraid of." His tone and his words calm me and when he can see that I have relaxed again he spreads my thighs wider and inserts his head inside of me. At first it feels great but as he slowly pushes the whole length in I start to feel a stretching and burning. He rubs my clit and whispers crazy things to me with each push forward until he has definitely reached a barrier. I can tell that it is a strain for him to stop because his hair and neck are covered in sweat. He moves his face to the side of mine and whispers that he loves me in my ear before he makes a decisive push and snaps the tender piece of flesh that was holding him back. It hurts but it is a wonderful hurt. I can feel him all the way to the back of my wall and I have an insane pleasure at knowing that I belong to him. My arms are wrapped around him and I run them across the muscles in his shoulders before pulling him forward and then pushing him back urging him to start the rhythm that makes every man a prisoner to their desire for a woman. He starts out slow and continues to finger me. But it is his voice that pushes me over the edge "Katniss, you are so tight and wet. I've thought about fucking you this way for so long. Say my name again. Tell me you're mine. No one else will ever fuck you. You are mine dammit. Mine." His last word comes out almost as a growl and I give him what he wants, shouting his name as my release causes my walls to flutter around his cock for the first time. My nails dig into his shoulder and I bite him there as well before he starts to quicken his pace. It doesn't take more than a few strokes before I feel him spurt his hot juices inside of me. I had thought since the first time I saw his cum that this would feel gross but in my state of recently fucked horniness I wonder what it would feel like in my mouth. Way too quickly for me he pulls out and wipes himself off with his shirt. I can see a tinge of red on him and I know that there is likely a blood stain on the sheet as well. I am no longer a virgin. I know the sweet secrets of men and women now and I am not sorry. If I have to live with what happened in the games and with President Snow and all of the shit the capital still has in store for me at least I can have this with Peeta. They can't take away the closeness I feel with him. Even if we are being forced to marry and they film him doing this to me a hundred times and for all of their perverse pleasure. He will still be my partner, my lover, my mate. If I have to do all the things that I hate and live a life that isn't mine at least I can do it with the man who is.