checking their guns and magazines. "It depends where they place the bomb." As soon as I said that the ref came over and told us what we needed to hear for our plan. "The bomb is on the first floor in the living room." I got confused, why in the world would the team use the same tactic as before? "They're trying to bait us into the same battle we had in the first round." Matt inquired. "So that's their plan." I pondered to myself for a little, trying to think about how to outsmart them. I came up with a risky idea. "OK, here's what we will do." Everyone leaned in close to hear what I had to say. "We will split up into teams. Matt and Chris will be team one and they will breach the front door. Jeff and Alex will be team two and breach the back door." "What about you?" Jeff asked. "I'll go solo through the second floor. I'll attack from the top of the stairs." They nodded in agreement. "We will coordinate our breeches and hopefully nothing out of the ordinary will happen. I want to beat these guys without losing a single man OK?" They all agreed. "All right let's do this." With that they got their gear together and got ready for the round to start. The whistle blew and the round began. Team one and two went to the front and back doors while I headed up the ladder to the second floor. They held up at the doors to wait for me to get into position. "Alright guys breach now." With that they popped open the doors and the enemy's found themselves completely surrounded. For the next 20 seconds all I could hear was gunfire. When it was over I looked and saw four enemy players on the ground while my team came inside to secure the first floor. "I'll go place the defuser." Jeff said. "All right everyone else cover him. I'll watch up here." Everyone followed Jeff into the living room and I heard the defuser being placed along with a scuffle. I turned to see the last enemy player charging at me with his knife. Instinctively I brought my gun up and shot him in the chest. He dropped to the ground and called his hit. We won the match. The ref blew the whistle to end the match. "Let's go!" Jeff said with enthusiasm. The team gathered in the living room and the enemy team met us there as well. "Nice work. You saw through our plan to trick you and countered with a gutsy play, but it worked." We just smiled at him. "Good luck in the rest of your matches. I hope we meet again and next time we do we will win." He smiled and walked off with his team. After a short celebration we all got our rides home. When I got home my Mom called me to the living room. "How did you do?" she asked. "We won, you should've seen it. We made some smart plays." She looked proud for a second and then got a sad look on her face. "What's wrong?" I asked. She didn't answer me. She just turned the TV on and signaled me to watch. The news crew was covering a story about the new 'sport' in our country. Lately America has gotten more and more crime riddled. Murders and thefts were at an all-time high. Of course instead of taking action America blamed it on lack of entertainment for the people. So as a solution a group wanted to make a new 'sport' that would be about survival. The War Trials. Not the best name but it's supposed to have a lot of realistic warfare without the risk of actually dying. It says they came up with suits that simulate pain to your body when you're shot with a simubullet. A bullet that is shaped like a real bullet and behaves like a real bullet but it explodes with a paint mark left behind. The suit simulates the pain that would be caused if it were a real bullet to the point of simulating death. It wasn't foolproof though. They won't allow grenades but they will allow certain explosives to be used that can still kill you, not to mention the vehicles and natural causes that can also kill you. I know what you're thinking, 'they can't start a sport like that without some special permission.' And you would be right, which is why the government just gave their approval for it. "They will be taking kids 13-18 to participate." "And you're scared that I will be picked to participate." She nodded. I understand it. Who would want their kid to be forced into a battle for the entertainment of others? "They will take a boy and a girl from each state to participate. The drawing starts in two days." Today is Saturday so they are probably going to wait until all the kids are in school to do the drawing. "The odds of me getting picked for this are extremely slim. Don't worry I can almost guarantee that I won't be picked." She seemed to be satisfied with what I said, and gave me a kiss before she went to her room to turn in for the night. I went to take a quick shower and go to bed. I couldn't sleep, I wasn't scared so much for me getting picked, but what if one of my cousins are picked. I don't want them to go through this. If they died I wouldn't be able to bear it. I sat on that thought for a while and found myself drifting off to sleep. Wow that was longer than I intended it to be but anyway I hope you enjoyed the chapter. If you did please review it so I can improve on what I started. Until next time this is ragmanthemadmansigning off.