primitive, deep need to protect, take battle, a need for that thrill of danger. The sea is one of the most powerful things and I believe we want to prove we are stronger than it. I'm not too sure though." "Speak human?" "Humans big strong. Sea bigger, stronger. Human want to be stronger than sea." "Oh haha, hilarious one you are. Don't understand how the nation is still alive without the wide spread broadcast of your comedic talents." "You're only saying that because you want to copy the math homework Paylor will give us today." "You know me so well. Even though you're a smarty pants, you still up for a game of chase before we get to school?" Before I know it, he grabs my backpack and runs off, leaving me to chase him down the streets. Mount Olympus Public High School (of Learning and The Slow Murder Of Your Mortal Soul) rises out of the cloud white horizon far too quickly for my liking, a crucifix of a building seeming all the more hard to bear with the morning sunlight illuminating it from the back, bright and unavoidable. Backpack now safely secured on my shoulders, we trudge along towards it like the rest of the good little reanimated corpses. Right on time, the death knell of Glimmer's voice screeches out. "Peeta, baby!" She waves, unavoidable, burnt bronze and as subtle as a dart board. " We're over here!" She yells, levelling her road sign green eyes at me. I'm clearly not part of " We're ". Peeta smiles apologetically at me, the only type of smile I ever see on him when he's with her. "Sorry, Clove. I'll come around later." And he's gone, ambling over to where beautiful blonde Barbie awaits her well-trained Ken. I stop myself from waving and allow myself a quick glance at them. Glimmer is beautiful, and they really are an attractive couple. Her hair is smooth and shining in the sun and her pink mouth is soft and doll like as a cherry drop. Her skin is drenched in golden tan (more faux than anything, just to let it be known) and her figure is perfect, her clothes are perfect, her makeup is perfect. Everything about Glimmer is sharp to perfection, apart from her festering, maggot infested cadaver of a personality. Enobaria and Cashmere hang off her Gucci-denim-jacket-clad shoulders like tassels. I turn away and head for the girls waving at me from the grass. "Hi, Jess." I collapse onto the daisy strewn grass next to my flame haired friend. She gives me a wry smile, Jess' specialty, and wraps her lanky arms around me in a bone crushing hug. I laugh and hug her tall frame back. She's regal, pale as milk and hair as bright as jewels. Apart from Peeta, Jess is my best friend, and is the only one who knows about my, well, thing-bit of an understatement-for him. She also understands my utter hatred (there's no other word for it) for Glimmer, who came up with the nickname Foxface for her due to her bright hair and small smile, and has screamed that at her that since Elementary. I wave at Katniss, Rue, Delly, Gale and Marvel. We are the outcasts, not to sound like a special "we're not like the other teenagers" snowflake. There's Katniss and Gale with their obsession with archery, Rue who's young, sweet and naive, Delly who's beautiful and gentle and too kind to join in with Glimmer's hit men, and Marvel, who's just... Marvel is just Marvel. I smile at him and he attempts a wave, spilling his AriZona raspberry tea over his jeans. Marvel. School goes quickly enough, and Jess and I are let out early of AP English Lit-we are the only ones in the class, I suppose- so we stroll easily down to the cafeteria. In its empty hall we find Peeta puzzling over some computer code, let out early from Physics. He slings a warm arm around us both and gives us an easy smile. My hands shake when he takes his arm off Jess but keeps it on me, so I hide them under the table. It's perfect, like the old days, until the lunch bell screams and shatters the glass bubble we've constructed for ourselves. Glimmer struts in and with one cold glare from her, the warmth around my shoulder dissipates and Peeta is gone, leaving nothing but a small wave behind him. Katniss slides into the seat next to me and smooths a warm hand over my shoulder. Perhaps I'm not as subtle as I think I am. A crumpled piece of paper soars onto my desk in Homeroom, our last hour of school. Miss Trinket has her head buried in a magazine, and doesn't seem to notice. I don't get Paylor's math homework. How's Jess? Tell her I said hi. Still on for tonight? I look up to see Peeta pretend-reading a book upside down, grinning but trying to conceal it from Glimmer who's laughing and twirling her hair round his finger, leaning onto the desk to give him a very generous view of her-of course, perfect-cleavage. My house? My Mom's got hot chocolate, and I have to babysit Fleur and Meghan. They're dying to see you! Jess is good. I roll up the note and flick it across room when Glimmer starts up a scintillating conversation about new lipgloss with an extract of tracker jacker venom to make lips plumper with Cashmere. Peeta scans my note and nods. He winks and rolls his eyes, pointing to Cato, who's sitting next to him. The blonde boy's head is resting on the wooden back of his chair as he's slumped beneath the table, his mouth is open and his tongue is lolling out as he snores. Thresh is laughing and capturing the hilarious moment on his camera phone. I look at the glitter in Peeta's eyes, the curve of his arm, his smile. I am fucked.