do anything but start at it and watch her small, feminine fingers slip in and out and around it through all the juices she was leaking. He was crazy with the desire to have her, to pleasure her and to shut her up. He knew he couldn't watch her get herself off between bouts of laughter at his predicament so he made the only decision he could in the moment. He fell to his knees and quickly swiped her hand out of the way before taking her clit in his mouth and sucking. She threw her head back and released a sound that was part surprise and part pleasure. She was already halfway there and the pressure on her clit combined with the sight of his mouth between her legs pushed her over the edge. "Fuck" she screamed arching her hips and shoving her core into his face. Her legs were trembling and her eyes were shut tight as she rested back on the cushions and started to sit up but he wasn't going to let her off that easy. Not after all of the torture she had put him through. Not just tonight but through months of touching and flirting. Nights of jerking his aching cock to completion in his bed his mind full of her smiles, her small hand in his, her breasts bouncing as she worked with the stunt trainers and the running coach. He was going to finish her a second time and when he was done he might just do it again. She struggled a little bit at first in confusion but he held her thighs in place while he licked through her folds and filled her with his fingers. Soon she was moaning, tossing her head back and forth and murmuring the occasional curse word. Anyone walking by could hear her and know exactly what they were doing but he was past caring. The damn paparazzi could set up camp and film the whole thing at this point and he would continue. She was going to scream his name and remember this God dammit. After he coaxed the second orgasm out of her she tried to lift his head by wrapping her fingers in his hair and tugging but that only aroused him more. He pulled up but only long enough to pull his own shorts and boxers down to show her his dick. Her eyes were laser focused on it so he took it in his hand and started pumping. It felt good to stroke it under her appreciative stare and he knew she would suck it if he appeared willing but he wanted tonight to be about her. He wanted it to be about showing her just how thoroughly he could make her feel things even without fucking her. With himself still firmly in hand he used his other hand to spread her folds open even wider and drew firm concentrated circles on her most sensitive flesh. He could tell that the combination of seeing him work himself and the direct attention he was giving those particular nerve endings was causing her to build again. He could hear her whining and feel the way she twisted under him. He was good with his mouth but he knew he could use it in more ways than one. While he ate her out he told her what his goals were. "Just try to forget these orgasms Jen, just try. No guy you've ever known has ever made you come this hard." She shook her head in way of agreement and panted his name as he continued. "That's right say my name and know that I'm the man who can make you feel this way. Don't you dare treat me like a kid after this or I'll drag another girl in here and make her sing my praises so loud you'll hear it over your TV and your vibrator." Her eyes blazed with fury and he took that moment to push her open just so and push his tongue firmly into the center of her bud, causing her to shatter. She screamed his name and clawed at his hair. He made sure to keep the pressure on until she rode all of the pleasure out and then he pulled up and pumped his cock in his fist a few more times before spilling hot semen onto her stomach. He groaned as glorious release finally came and etched in his mind exactly what she looked like fully sated and covered in his cum. He had a feeling he was going to be forty years old and still touching himself in the shower to that image. He got up and went to the bathroom and retrieved a warm washcloth and slowly cleaned her up. She looked at him with serious and hopeful eyes and it almost felt more intimate than the love they had just made. They didn't kiss though. That would feel like boyfriend and girlfriend and they had no idea where things stood now. They couldn't pretend it didn't happen because they both knew it would happen again. They couldn't date. Dating meant breaking up and they didn't want to leave each other. She surprised him one last time by launching herself into his arms and hugging him close. "It's ok" she whispered. "I still love you and you are my bestie no matter what." He was relieved. She still wanted to share the closeness they had as friends. He hugged her back and breathed in her smell. After a few minutes of holding each other she drew back. "So can we get some nachos and watch some movies you were in that sucked?" He laughed and shook his head. Things were going to be fine. This was him and Jen. No matter how crazy the sex was she was still the girl who blew her burps in his face and never washed her hands. The next few years were going to be very interesting.