well. "She would never have killed Peeta," Cato says, as though reading her mind. "She would have wanted to go home with him, but Snow would never have let that happen." Madge sighs. "I suppose." Cato frowns and looks her up and down. "Who are you, anyway? Katniss's friend?" "I'm the Mayor's daughter," she says, then remembers the flowers in her hands. "And these are for you." Effie doesn't rush her away as she was going to before, although she still looks like she wants to. Instead, when she comes across her handing Cato the flowers, she smiles and whisks her away to get ready for the ball. Her short, lacy pink dress is switched for a long, light blue floor-length gown. Her hair is taken out of its braided updo- courtesy of Mrs Everdeen- and curled and pinned back from her face. Her make-up is washed off and re-done. By the end of it, she looks glorious, but feels too much like she's supposed to be at Katniss's funeral to be truly happy. She just wants to cry. Effie catches her eye as she descends into the room where the dancing is taking place and gives her a smile. "You look beautiful," she greets. "I wish..." she sighs. "Nevermind. I think your father wanted a dance." Madge smiles reassuringly and leaves to find her father, but is intercepted by Cato. He offers her a hand and she takes it, a little warily. "If you don't want to dance..." Cato says, but she shakes her head. "I'll dance with you." They move to the floor and begin swaying to the music. "You avoiding someone?" she asks as his eyes scan the room. "The Capitol customers," he replies, looking down at her. "If you know what I mean." Madge nods. She knows about the Victors, and how they're forced to sell their bodies after they win by President Snow. They continue swaying for a while, neither of them talking. They do it for a few songs, until there's a slight break for Cato to make a speech, and then he grabs her hand and takes her to the food table. She doesn't really know why she's sticking around with him. Maybe it's because he was nice about Katniss. Maybe it's because she has nothing else to do. Maybe it's because she feels sorry for him. He offers her food and drink, but she refuses. She's never been a fan of eating the food at the parties, because she feels bad for the families in the Seam. He doesn't seem to mind, though, as he helps himself to loads of drink. "I'm sorry to keep you," he apologises after a while. "I know there must be other people you want to dance with." "I hope that was sarcasm," she comments, as her eyes pass over the people she usually dances with. He raises an eyebrow. "You don't enjoy dancing with the Capitol men?" "You mean the fifty-year-olds with the roaming hands?" she points out and he shrugs as though what she says is part of everyday life. "No thanks." "I'll try not to get offended," a very high-pitched voice says from behind them and Madge cringes. It's one of the old men from the Capitol she has to dance with every year, and tries to take her away at the end of every dance. He's a peacock, almost literally, with green and blue hair that stands on end and clothes that are too bright to look at. Cato raises his eyebrows at him. The man approaches and sticks out his hand to introduce himself. Cato shakes it gingerly. "I'm Andreaus," he greets. "From the Capitol, of course. I'm a big fan of your's. And of your's, of course, Miss Undersee," he adds on the end, as though he will offend her otherwise. She shudders in repulsion. "I think it's about time for our dance, wouldn't you say, Margaret?" he says as another song starts up. "Actually," Cato cuts in, grabbing her arm. "I've already promised her the next dance." "Thanks," she says as they begin dancing again. "I think I owe you more than that," he comments, and Madge realises he's talking about Katniss, not her taking him away from his Capitol customers. She stiffens at the thought of her friend. "I- I need... I need some air, I think," she sputters out as she walks away from him. She manages to get to the back door and out onto her porch in time for her to collapse onto the swing. Her breathing is heavy and her head is light as she slumps and her eyes close. Madge wakes the next day with the sun streaming in through her window into her eyes. Wincing, she climbs out of bed and runs to draw her curtains. That's when she realises she's in her pyjamas when she has no recollection of going to bed the night before. Trying not to think too much of it, she collapses back onto her bed and tries to sleep again. She is interrupted, however, a couple of minutes later, by Mrs Everdeen bursting through the door. "I heard you wake up," she says, holding out a small piece of paper. "You were left this." Madge takes the paper, eyes still half-closed and mumbles, "What happened?" "You were found by Effie on your back porch," Mrs Everdeen explains. "Passed out. I took you up to bed." "Thank you," Madge said. "I just... the heat was too much for me." Mrs Everdeen nods and exits the room. Madge looks down at the note. Sorry , it says, and, Thank You . She knows who it's from immediately, and feels a little sad that she'll never see him again. A/N: Did you like it? If so, I have a sequel planned for it, which will be a little longer (spanning Catching Fire and Mockingjay) so if anyone wants it, tell me in the Comments. Thanks for sticking with me thus far!