I'll not try to stop her: Because I know she is more like me than she thinks, and that without Sage… Haymitch Abernathy staggered away from the Everdeens' cracked window in case anybody happened to be watching. Not that anyone was likely to be looking out of their windows on a night like tonight, and anyone who did happen to see him stumbling in the street would see what they always saw when he was nearby: Mentor Haymitch Abernathy, the drunken, pathetic Victor who tried to drown his sorrows in drink and who always had a scowl and a sarcastic remark for anyone who tried to talk to him. He saw a shadow sitting on a nearby porch and took a pull from his bottle of white liquor, weaving a bit more than was necessary for good measure. While he could not honestly say that his drunkenness was all an act, he had learned long ago that people tended to overlook and underestimate the drunk buffoon—which was exactly how he wanted people to see him. When he had begun his walk back to Victor's Village after the mandatory viewing, he had not planned on revisiting the place where he had grown up. The Capitol had changed his physical features, insisting that he looked better as a blond-haired, blue-eyed Merchant type, but that night, Haymitch had felt the desperate need to return to his roots. He had walked aimlessly down the street, bottle in hand, largely ignoring the sounds of sorrow and anger he had heard through the thin walls of the Seam houses. Until I heard her voice. Haymitch reached the outskirts of the Seam and slipped behind the last row of houses, tucking his bottle safely in his jacket. He expertly slipped under the fence, pleasantly surprised Snow hadn't ordered it turned on immediately to thwart potential deserters after revealing the good news to all of Panem. His gait evened out as he entered the woods; he felt the same relaxed tension he always felt when he knew he was illegally free. The girl does this all the time, every day. I knew her father; we were friends growing up in the Seam. He was a good soldier, loyal to the end to his men if not entirely to his country. At first, I thought the girl sounded like any other whiny teenager crying about the unfairness of it all. I get it, Sweetheart, I really do. But then… The memory of the way he had seen Katniss's chin raise and eyes blaze through the window had unnerved and excited him for reasons he could not identify. He could almost see Finnick trying to identify those reasons in some perverted way, but Haymitch knew that what he had seen in the girl had had nothing to do with sex. Well, at least not for me. As far as some of those boys her age, especially that oldest Hawthorne…Now there's someone I'd love to have on our side. If the girl could provide the spark, then maybe that boy could fan the flames into a blaze that would consume all of Panem. Or maybe he would provide too much fire and we'd all burn, but at least the Capitol would burn with us… Haymitch's ponderings ended as he reached a large rock that looked out over a lovely valley below. Of course, he couldn't see much of anything in the darkness, but the moon provided enough light for him to at least know where he was. Well, the moon and lots of experience sneaking around in the dark. Haymitch pulled out a flat, tablet-like device and stared at it for a few moments. He knew that convincing the others was going to take some doing, especially since they would likely not be inclined to see behind the girl's scowl and brusque manner at first. But he also knew one other important thing, the one factor that was likely to shift the odds in his favor. We're desperate; they're desperate. I wasn't impressed at first, either; it wasn't until she slammed her hands down on the table and started talking about Snow, her sister, and survival. I've stayed alive this long because I've relied on my instincts, and right now, they're telling me… Decision made, Haymitch laid his right hand flat against the screen of the device. The whirring sound it made told him the device was scanning his handprint; the muted chime told him that he had been identified as "Abernathy, Haymitch." He typed in several passwords and seemingly random combinations of numbers and symbols before being rewarded with a different chime that told him he was hopefully being connected to his contact. "Shakespeare?" he said into the screen. "All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players," a masculine voice responded. Haymitch rolled his eyes as his contact allowed an unnecessarily long and overly dramatic pause to stretch out into the darkness. "Canary?" the voice finally said. "I get so dizzy even walking in a straight line," Haymitch said impatiently. He derived a perverse sense of satisfaction as he let a pause of his own draw out before cutting straight to the point. "I think I've found her, Shakespeare. A girl worth fighting for." A/N: The caelebs tax derives from the ancient Roman concept of the Lex Papia Poppaea , which was made to strengthen marriage and boost the population. While "caelebs" should be pronounced "ˈkai-leps" in proper terms, as with many words, it evolved in general pronunciation to sound more phonetic; citizens of Panem would pronounce it "Calebs." Katniss's response to Effie is a quote from "Miss Congeniality" by Miss Rhode Island. For more about snares, go here and here. "Shakespeare" stands, of course, for playwright William Shakespeare, and the quote is from "As You Like it." "Canary" and the quote are from the Police song "Canary in a Coalmine"; how this song is known in Panem is up to the reader to decide.