his actions. Rolling over, Effie sighed. What if she never knew that Haymitch had taken ill, she never would have known what happened to him. I should check on mum and dad. Eventually, sleep came. All too soon her alarm went off. Katniss and Peeta were already up, suspecting they barely got any sleep, Effie put the kettle on. She hadn't bothered with the normal clothes. Deciding on a floral dress and simple heels, she smiled at them both. "How can you smile so early?" Katniss joked. "Simple dear, I pull the corner of my lips up. Coffee?" Effie handed them both a cup. "We are going to see Haymitch today." Peeta didn't want to beat around anything. Effie just smiled over her coffee, "Of course, I will come." Katniss and Peeta just smiled. While they got ready for the day the apartment was silent. Effie adjusted her schedule and read through a few of her letters and wrote a quick reply to her family. She sent it on the way to the hospital. Something had triggered and she now wanted to start making some contact. When arriving at the hospital, no press was outside. It was early but Effie thought that maybe some would remain in case they missed something. Shrugging it off, they walked inside. Immediately, she started chewing her bottom lip. Is he okay? What if he didn't do well through the surgery? She began to walk faster to his room, heels clicking on the polished, tiled floor. Her heart rate was racing faster with each step. As fast as she was moving, the door seemed to stretch further away. Peeta and Katniss were at her side and took her hands as they led her into the room. A nurse was checking on him when they entered slowly. Effie noticed how the nurse let her hands linger on his arm. "Is there anything else, Mr. Abernathy?" He shook his head, removing his arm from her touch. "Let me know." As she turned to leave but froze when she noticed the three walking in, "Lovely," She forced a smile, "You have visitors." Katniss picked up on the nurse looking at Effie with narrowed eye lids. "We won't be the only ones." Katniss glared at the nurse, watching her retreat from the room. "How are you?" Peeta was already at Haymitch's side. Katniss followed, taking Peeta's hand. "Could use a drink," Peeta and Katniss went to protest but noticed that Haymitch's eyes went to Effie. He hadn't noticed her leaning against the corner of the door. She had taken a step back to let them talk. Although he would always notice her when she entered a room, no matter what she wore. She too went to chastise him for wanting more alcohol but froze when their eyes met. His gaze was intense. She felt weak; her knees started to shake. Taking a step back, she made an attempt to retreat from the situation. "Effie!" Peeta called to her. She didn't stop though. Their voices followed her down the hall way, "No, Haymitch!" She wasn't sure what was going on, she didn't really want to know. He always made her feel safe. She felt safe then. The only problem was, he deserved more than her. She had hurt him, she was certain he drank more because of what happened. Her thoughts deafened all the noise around her. When she reached a corner a solid object knocked her to her feet. "Effie?" The voice was familiar. She glanced up to see Chaff looking at her through a drunken haze. He helped her up, kissed her cheek and put an arm around her. "Haymitch has been waiting for you. Never said it out loud… well to his knowledge. Saying your name while unconscious isn't being aware. We would know him and me." He led her back down the corridor. She looked over her shoulder, wanting to retreat but his words made her curious. Every thought from last night was long forgotten. Effie wasn't sure why she had started having second thoughts about mending her relationship with Haymitch. Maybe he won't want me now. I am ruined from what happened in… Effie could face everything that had happened, except for one thing. Haymitch wasn't aware of it to her knowledge. "Katniss, Peeta get out..." Effie looked up. She was back in the room. Katniss and Peeta were on either side of Haymitch preventing him from getting up. They all froze when they saw her with Chaff. Without a word he took the duo out and closed the door. Haymitch relaxed into the pillows but Effie shifted her weight nervously. She looked at the flowers on his bedside. Following her gaze he looked at them and smirked. "Who brings roses to a man sick in a hospital?" It wasn't the worse conversation starter, she would admit. "Certainly not Chaff." She answered. "No." Silence filled the room, save the machine connected to him. After a while, he reached an arm out to her and whispered her name. It was all that was needed. She flew into his arms. "I'm sorry." She sobbed. He just hushed her as she repeated the words like a chant. He rubbed soothing circles on her back and kissed her head. "There's no need Effie." He grabbed something from the draw next to the bed and placed it in her hand. "This 'ere belongs to you." She opened her hand to reveal the cool object in her hand. It was the necklace with the engagement ring on it. "Haymitch." "I just want you to have Effie. You are the only woman I will ever love. I need you to know that." He held her gaze for a while. "You… Haymitch I will always love you. Forever." She took the ring off and put it on her finger, where it belonged. "You are stuck with me." He smiled and pulled her onto the bed. "I wouldn't have it any other way sweetheart."