get there" "Hell if I know. I think I blacked out." "That makes two of us. I thought you were in your room." "I was in someone's room." "Who's?" Her voice was an octave higher than usual. "I don't know," I whined. "Can you come get me?" "Yeah, where?" I looked around, "I'll be at the cafe on fifth and Silverman." "Okay. I'll be there in forty. I have to get dressed." "Thanks Little Duck. There's a spare set of keys hanging in the entryway." "Okay. Be there soon." I hung up the phone and started the short walk to the coffee shop. It was roughly a ten minute walk of shame. I could feel the 'shame' running down my thighs, and hoped no one noticed the dampness between my legs. Going commando was the worst idea ever and I regretted not looking for my panties more vigorously. When I got to the shop I went straight to the restroom to clean myself up a bit. I wiped at the moisture at my center, fluffed out my hair, combing it with my fingers, and pulled out a little bottle of body spray. I hoped it would mask the smell of sex. Now I hope I don't have ogre's breath. I didn't have anything to fix that. When I finished I stood in line for a strong cup of coffee. I waited, with the hot beverage in my hand, at one of the outside tables. I wished I had some sunglasses. Instead I dealt with the aching blindness. Prim arrived not too long after that. "What happened?" She asked as I buckled up in the passenger seat. "I don't know! I don't want to talk about it. I just want to go back to bed." We drove in silence. I slept my whole day away when we got home. Despite the coffee I drank earlier I didn't wake up until dusk. I looked to my phone and saw that it was already seven thirty. There was a blinking icon on the screen. It was the unheard message from Johanna. I listened to it quietly. "Brainless, where the fuck are you?" Her voice was eerily calm. "Why aren't you answering your phone? I will never forgive you for scaring me like this...unless you're getting laid. Are you getting laid? Please don't tell me you went home with that high school puppy dog. Call me back." I sighed. Who the fuck was she talking about? I climbed out of bed. The stuffy August air was cooling down, and I thanked whatever higher power that got rid of my headache. I had been sleeping naked since I fell into bed immediately after my shower. I went into my bathroom to use the utilities and washed my hands. My throat was still dry from the dehydration of my alcoholism. I used my hands as a cup and brought the cool water to my mouth. I stared in the mirror and decided I needed to do something about my unruly hair, so I started to plait a braid. I slipped on some yoga pants and a comfortable bra, then tossed on a clean t-shirt. I walked out of my room and down the hallway. I hoped Prim found something entertaining to do while I slept off my hangover. "Heard you were rescued this morning." "Ah, Johanna, don't you have your own place?" "Its not nearly as exciting as yours, Brainless." I scoffed and plopped down on the couch between her and Prim. I grabbed the remote from Prim and flipped through the channels. I landed on a local news station that was reporting something about a pastry competition. "Hey! That's what I was talking about yesterday!" Prim said pointing towards the TV. "So, who's the lucky guy? I knew you hooked up! You're too easy, Brainless." I snapped my gaze to her and glared. "So c'mon! Who was he?" I tried to remember. I thought back to last night, but it was just a blur and blackness. "I...don't know." "You don't know?! Was it that high school kid?" "Gross. I wouldn't sleep with a student." "No, not a student. He went to Panem Twelve with you." "Oh. What was his name?" I asked. I didn't remember running into anyone from high school. "I don't know. You were the one talking to him. Did you even get this dude's name, Brainless?" "I'm sure I did, but I can't remember. I blacked out Jo, and its all your fault." I paused. "And stop calling me Brainless." "But the name's never suited you better!" "And that's your fault!" "I disagree. I didn't encourage you, did I?" "How would I know?" "Oh, that's right, you wouldn't. But seriously, I didn't tell your dumbass to take more shots and go home with some guy. He could have killed you." "Well he didn't." "And we're all very thankful." Prim finally piped up. She was still staring at the television. "Damn, that Mellark guy is hot." "Who?" I asked, looking at her. "The baker guy who just won." She gestured to the screen. I looked but it was too late; the news was already switching to the weather segment. It showed sunny skies for the rest of the week. "So you really can't remember?" "Jo if I could, I would make it my mission to never see the guy again. Its embarrassing." "We should go to that bakery." Prim suggested. "Maybe tomorrow before you leave, Little Duck." "But seriously, we should get food. I'm starving." Jo grabbed at her stomach to achieve the desired effect she wanted. I chuckled, "I could go for a greasy burger and fries." "Deal." Jo smiled. Ooo, does that mean we're going to The Hob?" Prim was so cute. She always got so excited about Greasy Sae's diner. "I think it does." L ater, with a full belly, I climbed into bed. My eyes drifted closed, and images appeared in the darkness. That's when I began to remember.