settle over my own and try to take the rope out of my hands. I pull my hands away, desperate to hold onto the rope, to try and maintain some kind of control. She instead gently runs her fingertips over my knuckles and guides me out of my old home and all the way to the shore. For once, there are no boats. It's calm, like I want to be. My hands slow on the well-worn rope. I just stand there and listen. I listen to the softer waves and the way they rush over my feet. I listen to the gulls in the far distance, starving and searching for more. I listen to the soft sound of Annie's voice as she tries to hum and distract me. And if I listen really closely, I swear I can hear my Father telling me that he will always love me. More accidents. More deaths. A repetitive cycle that the Capitol has established. And I have nothing but my mentor and my Victor. We survivors. Who'd have thought life could change so much in eight years? I have found comfort in the other Victors, the only people who could understand how I possibly feel. Cashmere, who's forced to do the same things as me. Haymitch, who drinks every single goddamn day because that's how he has to cope. Johanna, so powerful and alight with unparalleled fury. And there is always Mags and Annie, the two people I love most in the whole of Panem. But my Mother and my brothers, they are gone. And they will never come back, because the Capitol saw it fit to eliminate distractions. To keep me in line in case I dared to stray, and to continue to dangle Mags and Annie above my head. We're all sitting on the couch while I obsessively tie knots. Annie's tried to lead me to the beach again but I refuse to go. I just want to sit here all day and not have them out of my sight. The only reason I comply and go to the Capitol is so that what is precious to me, what remains isn't taken away. The Capitol has taken everything away from me. My strength, my dignity, my honesty and my hope. My Father, my Mother and my brothers. The relative safety and understanding of the life I once had in District Four. There is nothing left for me except Annie and Mags. And I refuse to let anything happen to them. I will find my strength again. It will sew me together, bit by bit, piece by piece until I am whole again. I will find my dignity and my honesty, and I will hold them tightly in my bloodstained hands. And when I find hope once more, when I find the will to fight and to try and make change happen, then President Snow better watch out. Of course I'm upset about the rest of my family being killed, but I think I've changed since my Father died. It's not that I didn't love them, it's just... it didn't hurt as much as before. Maybe I've become numb, or maybe I've grown wiser. Maybe I know now for sure that this is how the world works. That it's ridiculously unfair and that things happen in cycles, in echoes. Maybe one day I can stand on the pier again, look out to the wide ocean and not be tempted to accidentally fall off. Maybe one day I can stand there, look out and appreciate how beautiful this world really is. How, although I've been unlucky, there is still good in my life. Good worth fighting for. I was supposed to survive, my Father once said. Everything hurts. Teeth sink into my flesh so easily, like it's nothing. The monkeys in the Quarter Quell were nothing compared to this. And those monkeys were nothing compared to the pain of losing my family two years ago, and my Father, and the prostitution, and my Games... I can feel my muscles giving way to the lizard mutts. I try to shout, but nothing comes out. When I look up, I see her there, hope, Katniss, the Mockingjay; she continues to climb with Peeta, Gale and the others. They are fine. They will live. They will change the world where I couldn't. They will make it better for Annie... Annie and... I was supposed to survive and not break, my Father once said. Maybe he was wrong in how he thought. Maybe we were all born into this world already broken, and what was ahead of us was learning how to cope with it. How to put yourselves back together so that we could survive. Would he be proud of me? He never hated me for what I had to do. He never asked much once he learnt, only that I was to be careful and to see how I am... What would he have thought of the world I tried to help build? At the end of it all would we have gone out on the Avid Angler and just sat there underneath the sun? I can barely see his face anymore, when I close my eyes and try to draw the inspiration to climb. But I can't. I can't hear him. I can't hear my Mother or my brothers, not even the faintest echo. There is no strength left. The smell of the sea suddenly appears out of nowhere, and it's immensely comforting. I should've gone back one last time. The last things I remember are the mast of a boat, silver parachute, Beetee's trident, Mags' laugh... Annie in her wedding dress. Annie when she told me she would be waiting for me to come back. Annie when she told me that she was carrying our living legacy. And the son I'll never take out into the ocean. And watched you tower over me Now I'm older, I wanna be the same as you.