ear and his hands slid down to grip me by my ass. "Why must you do this to me?" He whispered into my skin before his teeth bit hard into my neck. I cried out and ran my sharp nails down his back. He gripped my hair roughly with one hand, pulling my face to meet his. "You have no idea what you do to me." He stated cryptically before smashing our faces together so hard I felt my lip bust. He sucked up the blood as he ripped my skimpy fish net dress off. My razor sharp nails rid him of his little fish net easily and my hand wrapped around his dick tight. Feeling him pulse in my hand was electrifying but not quite as empowering as the moan he let slip out just loud enough to be heard over the Capitol night life. There weren't any happy endings for us but there was still pleasure. And Finnick was a world of pleasure. "The boy is yours since it seems as if you've already sunk your claws into him. I'll take care of the Girl on Fire. Follow but not too closely, show him that they not only want but need us as allies. Hopefully Haymitch will take care of the rest." Finnick whispered as we entered the training room. I ignored his little comment about my claws and looked around, analyzing the room. The other careers were hard at work showing off and so were the other Victors. But just like always, everyone seemed to at least glance at me, in lust and intimidation. I wasn't just a pretty face and they all knew it. Not to mention more than half of the people in this room had already tried to either fuck, date, or use me since I'd won my Games. It was almost like a whole new game to them. The only one who'd ever gotten me was Finnick and that was mostly pushed on us, though neither of us were complaining. I grinned, eying the stations, this was going to be fun. I headed to the knives, feeling the familiar cool metal in my fingertips. I twirled them around a little bit, watching the light reflect off their shimmering surface. I looked up a moment later to see Finnick was already showing everyone up with his trident. Just then the two Twelve's walked in. Show time. They looked intimidated to say the least, looking from Victor to Victor, eyes wide and just too damn innocent for their own good. They should be trying to show no fear, to seem like they couldn't care less about any of us. This was the Games before the Games, the Mental Games. The sykeing each other out, banning together, figuring out strategy against one another and developing the first on your hit lists. It was time to see who was rusty, who had improved, and who you should watch for. They had no idea that the simple expression on their faces were putting them in great danger. Good, they're about to realize that they need us, that this was a whole new ball game. This was no time for pride. This is the time where you take what you can get and we defiantly weren't just table scraps. Every pair in here knew what we were capable of and wanted us as allies. I felt the cool metal of the blade in my hands, flipping them threw my fingers, back and forth so quick they became a blur of shining silver, the familiarity was instant. My mind was already zeroed in. I readied myself with a long breath before I threw four knives one after the other hitting the center of the orange targets perfectly. I grinned, grabbing more and hitting the next four back to back without breaking a sweat. Perfect every time. Eat that Snow you fat bastard, I mused with a smug smile. As I ran out of throwing knives I felt someone's stare on me. Glancing out of the corner of my eye I saw Peeta hastily looking from the nets and traps station back to me. When he realized I'd caught him staring he quickly turned away, causing me to laugh just a little bit. Was that a blush? Good, ogle me little boy. I smirked and decided to kick it up a notch. I grabbed five knives, and shoved two more into my back pockets. I pushed the simulation button and watched as the orange targets came at me from all angles. Get ready coal miner. I quickly destroyed the course, throwing a few flips and spins in mostly for effect as I speared them with my flying blades until there was two left and I was empty handed. I smiled and ran, doing a tuck and roll to grab a single knife from the floor and sent it through them both at once. They dramatically shattered before disappearing and ending the simulation. I heard applause and looked to see everyone at the doors, looks differing from jealousy, anger, lust, amazement, and fear. But I only cared about one look. Peeta was simply staring, eyes hungry. I knew that look on his innocent face anywhere. I received it on an hourly basis here in the Capitol; lust and awe. I smirked at the crowd and walked out of the simulation room. Finnick slung an arm around me loosely, trident gripped in his other hand. They all parted for us instantly. "We've got them now." He whispered with a smug grin. I winked and just enjoyed being this close to the Capitol Sex God himself. I looked over my shoulder and once again meant Peeta's eyes. He was watching us closely. I sent him a sly wink before turning back to Finnick and putting my arm around his strong waist. A few mind games never hurt anyone, I kidded to myself. … A/N: Hope you enjoyed it. Review, Favorite, and Alert for more!