for the mayor because Mrs. Undersee told them that they would have to move out again one day. Mr. Undersee, his wife and Madge owned the third floor, guest rooms were on the second and the fourth floor is restricted. "Do you still not know what's on the fourth floor?" he asks his best friend. "Not even Madge knows," she answers as they ascend the stairs. Gale follows them upstairs hesitantly. "I'm surprised the kids aren't using the elevator," he mumbles. Katniss silences him. "They don't know about that. This exercise is good for them." Posy knocks excitedly on Madge's door. After a minute of not hearing or seeing any signs of the door being opened soon, the little girl knocks once more. Again, no answer. "Maybe she's sleeping," she says, already about to turn the knob. "Posy, no!" Prim warns. "You're not allowed to do that." "Are you looking for Miss Madge?" a maid passing by asks. "Yes," Vick replies, "have you seen her?" "She's in Mrs. Undersee's room. Come, I'll knock." She beckons for them to follow her and leads them to a room a few doors away. She knocks gently and they hear a faint voice tell her to come in. Opening the door slightly, she turns to them, smiles and walks away. "Be quiet, Pose," Rory tells her, "Mrs. Undersee might be asleep." The young Hawthorne nods and peeks through the door. "Princess?" After a few seconds, she lights up and nods then faces the others. "She's just going to say bye to her mother." A minute later, Madge Undersee, still looking as lovely as ever, has stepped out of the room and greets Posy with a warm hug. "I'm surprised you came here, I was just about to get ready to go to your house." "We have a surprise for you, Madge!" the girl exclaims. "Really?" "Really," Katniss repeats. Madge looks up and becomes wide-eyed when she sees her best friend, standing in the flesh. "Katniss!" She runs to her and engulfs her in a tight hug. "Oh my God, I missed you so much." "I missed you, too," the brunette replies, pulling her in. "How have you been?" "Just great," she answers. "As you can see, my playmates are these adorable children." "We're not children," Rory and Vick mumble in unison. Prim giggles and Posy smiles at the acknowledgement. Madge smiles at them then turns to her brunette friend. "How are you? How was your trip? Is everything okay? Did you two…" she begins to trail off, her face stiffening, "um…get hurt…or anything?" If Katniss knew about Madge's almost slip up, she didn't show it. "I'm fine. The trip was okay. Yes, everything's all right. Gale and I didn't get hurt, whatsoever, at least, nothing serious." Madge hugs her brunette friend again then turns to the tall, strong man beside her. "Hi, Gale." "Undersee," he says with a nod. "Haven't seen you in awhile." "You don't really make an effort," she snorts then immediately wants to bite her tongue. She had just said that in front of his baby sister. "Sorry," she mumbles, half sincerely. Before Gale can say anything, Katniss pulls out the necklace she had shown Prim earlier and hands it to Madge. "Here, we got you this from Harrisburg. Dad already put a protective charm around it so it's safe." Then she unhooks the mockingjay pin from her shirt and hands it to her as well. "Thanks. It's yours…for now." She knew the blonde would give it back to her when she and Gale leave again. Madge grins and puts on the necklace. She takes the pin from the other girl's hand and pins it back. "Thank you, Katniss, for this wonderful gift, and how many times do I have to tell you that this pin is yours now. It'll give you good luck, really. Look at Aunt Maysilee." Gale scoffs. "Good luck?" Katniss throws him daggers before facing Madge again. "But, Madge—" "It's yours, Katniss. Don't worry. I told Aunt Mays about it, she said she'll make another one for me." "But this is the original!" "But that's the one Peeta acknowledged when your first talked. Remember what he said? That it looks good on you." Madge fixes the pin and smiles. "It's yours, okay?" Gale rolls his eyes. Prim sighs dreamily while the Hawthorne siblings have a small argument. After a few seconds, Katniss finally smiles. "Okay. Thank you." "You're welcome." She smiles again then turns to the younger ones. "So, what are our plans today?" After an exhausting two hours of playing pretend—once again—a housemaid calls for them. "Snacks are served in the living room!" Posy and Vick immediately run in while Rory and Prim follow, not too fast, not too slow. Katniss and Madge continue to talk while Gale watches them, mumbling about the big garden. "So, aside from this, what do you do when we're…you know, on a trip?" Katniss asks once they settle down on the couch. The Hawthornes and Prim watch television. "Aside from playing with them?" Madge blushes. "Well, remember that time you took me to the woods and taught me how to use the bow?" She waits for her friend to answer, she gets a nod. "I enjoyed it so I asked Dad to ask someone to make me a bow and a handful of arrows and tried it out. I practiced every day. I still do, actually. I receive a new box of arrows every weekend, I've got thousands now!" Katniss's eyes widen. "Really?" "Yeah. I hope you don't mind I steal your weapon." "No, no, not at all." Katniss shakes her head. "You know Gale and I use Colts now, mostly. It's easier to conceal and use." "I know, but, it is your weapon first…and…" "Why don't you show me?" "What?" "Why don't you show me your aim? You practice every day, right? You must be good at it now." "Maybe…" "Show me. When we're done eating, show me." "Okay."