to the left, easily missing the two knives thrown at me. "Clove! Are you fucking stupid? You could get sent home!" It was the boy career. I looked over my shoulder and winked at her ferocious expression. She growled. How cute. "How did you know to move to the left?" Peeta asked as I got back to him. "Always remember your opponent's position. The way they are standing opposed to you determines where their knives, or even where their daggers will shift. I'll explain it all in a moment." He just nodded. I positioned him where I wanted and I did a quick spin, throwing six harmless daggers at him. He looked at me shocked as every one hit his body. "Now do exactly what I say." ... Four hours later we were the only ones left in the training room. "Dammit Peeta, to the right!" I yelled exhausted. "I know, I'm sorry. I keep forgetting." I just nodded. "Again." I threw the four at him and then three more. He dodged the first four and then the three. "Yes!" He cried out happily. "Hell yeah boy! Good job!" I let him give me a high five. "Now do yourself a favor, go study the poisons and the edible things found in the woodlands." I said quietly. "Woodlands? But the arena could be anywhere?" He asked. "My mentor said he's pretty sure that it's going to be woodlands. Keep that between us though." I stated. He nodded. "Thank you Rani… I-I don't know what to say." He tried. I just smiled at him, ignoring the part of me that said I may have to kill him… "Just don't get killed in the Bloodbath Peeta." And I moved to walk away. "Wait, why, why are you helping me?" He asked. I shrugged. "It's good practice for me and it's not fair that some of us are trained and others are practically blind." I tried to explain. "But why me?" He asked next. I was silent for a moment. Why him? I couldn't really be sure. He was right to ask, most everybody in that room was the same way. "Because I can see that you've got what it takes. I'll see you later Peeta." And with that I smiled at him and turned away. I'd barely gotten ten feet away when, "Thought you worked alone Three?" I didn't even turn around when I heard the voice, it was already engraved in my mind. "What I'm not good enough to talk to but Baker Boy is?" His voice was cold. He must have heard Peeta tell me he worked at his family's bakery. "You career's and your egos." I laughed. He gripped my wrist from behind and pulled me around to face him. I was flush against his hard chest. I could feel the contact everywhere, it was magnetic. "You don't want me as an enemy little girl." His glare was deadly. I just did my signature smirk, trying not to let his body affect me. But fuck, I was only human. "I may be a little girl, but you're acting like a little boy who didn't get enough hugs as a child." I grinned. His hold on my wrist tightened. "I'm going to kill him right in front of you." He spat before walking past me. I glared at his back and flipped him off, even if he couldn't see it. What was this assholes problem? "Prick." I growled. He looked back at me but then kept walking… Nice ass. ... "I'm not an idiot… I just want to stay alive." Miles said as he left the table that night. I watched his retreating figure as he made his way towards the hall and disappeared. "It might be smart to join the careers. They always win for a reason." Angus added. I gave him a scowl, and he put his hands up. "Fine, I was simply saying it wasn't the worst idea. I know your father has taught you a great deal." ... "Rani! Rani!" I looked behind me to see Peeta running my way. "Sup Peeta boy?" I smiled. He stopped right in front of me, breath heavy from his excitement. "You got an eleven!" He exclaimed, wrapping his arms around me. He smelled like roses. I let him embrace me for a moment before pulling away. "Yeah, so did your girl Katniss." I shrugged. My rating didn't mean shit since she'd tied me. "So what? That's still crazy!" He grinned from ear to ear. I couldn't believe how cute this kid was. "Peeta you do realize we're enemies right?" I asked after a long moment. His smile quickly deflated. "I know… I've just never really had a friend before." His voice was small and ashamed. Against my better judgment I pulled him into a hug. "I will make you one promise. I won't kill you." I stated. "I won't kill you either." He whispered to me. He was nearly half a foot taller than me I realized as he smiled down at me. "But if it comes down to both of us somehow?" He asked, eyes wide as we parted. I bit my lip and looked at him for a long moment. "I guess we figure it out then." I commented. He nodded. "Okay, we should get back to our rooms, we have that stupid interview." Peeta groaned. I chuckled and nodded. "See you soon." I called over my shoulder as we headed off in opposite directions. I didn't even notice the blond figure watching us until I was walking past him. "Christ you are like my fucking stalker." I grumbled as the career came out of his hiding spot. "Making deals like that aren't smart little girl. Killing is the purpose of this entire game." He frowned. "Leave me alone. I've got things to do." And I pushed past him. A/N: Let me know what you think. P.S her name is pronounced 'Rain-ee' in case you weren't sure.