comment. But not now, not with Derik here. She is panicked, still frozen, now stuck between three young men, all looking at her with eyes that make her time and time again want to claw off her own face. Or at least, she assumes they are all looking at her that way. She can't muster up the courage to look at any one of them in the face. Instead she finds a rock on the ground about 10 feet away and choose to stare at that. She is holding her breath. She is waiting for Derik to say something, do something horrible, but seconds pass and he is staying silent. But Marri can feel it, his rage, radiating off of him and directed at her. God I feel so sick. "Aw, ignoring us again? Even though we came all the way here in the sweltering heat just to visit you today in the wheat fields, you can't even muster a hello?" Naymen says in mock hurt. "Well I guess it's not all a loss." Quint says. Out of the corner of Marri's right eye she see him take a step closer to her. A chill runs up her spine. "Seeing her like this makes it worth the trip, don't you think? I like your hair wrap, Marri. And look, Nay, her shirts rolled up all nice like that. It's all burned but you can see her bare mid-section, and it's so..." He is going to touch me, I can sense it. No. God no. This is so bad. The second he touches my skin, Derik will lose it and attack him without hesitation. Once he does he will be shot down like a dog by every Peacekeeper in sight. It is a dream come true, but at a price. Marri knows that if they shoot him, they shoot her too. She has a millisecond to react, and all she can think of is gently rushing into Derik, putting her face into his chest and her fists under her chin. As expected, Derik puts his arms around her. He speaks, and Marri can tell that he is forcing himself to smile at Quinn and Naymen as he says, "Sorry boys, my cousin really isn't feeling well today. She is such a hard worker, but even this heat takes a large toll on her. I hope you'll forgive us, I am going to go take her to get some more water." And once again Derik is forcing her somewhere, though this time his entire arm is around her like a vice, and he is leading her to the canteen. Relief washes over her as she realizes she has successfully averted what could have been an incredible disaster. Marri can see Shiro and the kids, Betha, Gragg, and the other works rising from their tables as they approach, and for the first time in her time as a wheat farmer, Marri is glad that lunch is over. She can return to her spot in the fields and be alone, away from everyone again. But before Derik lets her go so he can return to his own job of working one of the tractors, he does one of the things that Marri hates the most. He puts his face close to hers again and kisses her on the cheek, in front of everyone, and smiles his sweetest smile down at her for proper effect. "I will see you at home." He says as he puts his hand back to where he had gripped her arm before, squeezing it one more time as hard as he can. Marri is able to keep the yelp of pain from leaving her throat, she maintains an aura of calm, and then she watchs as Derik turns his back on her and walks away. With each step he takes, the fear in her chest drops and drops, and the one feeling that she always keeps there in his absence comes back: deep, all-encompassing hatred. Marri can not get deep into the wheat fast enough. She grabs her machete from a Peacekeeper and keeps a steady pace until she is out of sight. Then she runs. The wheat whips at her arms and stings her face, but it makes her run harder and harder. When she reaches her pile of wheat, she drops to her knees in her work space, panting. She rips her sweat soaked hair wrap from her head and stuffs it in her mouth. She leans over, put her head towards the ground and curls herself into a ball. Then she screams. And screams. She screams until she gets weak and dizzy, which doesn't take long. She takes the rag from her mouth and takes deep breaths until her head is clear again. Then she slowly stands back up straight. She lifts her machete above her and then she plays the game she has played every day of the Harvest since she was given her working tool. Imagining Derik, imagining her uncle, imagining her Aunt, Quint, Naymen, all of the other Peacekeepers who leer at her, who try to talk to her or touch her, her worthless and ignorant neighbors, anyone who has ever made her angry, she whips her machete at them. With her blade she cuts down the imaginary figures that surround her. She hacks off their legs, their arms, their heads, or stabs them repeatedly in their torsos. She slices off the skin on their faces, cuts off their noses, scalps them, pokes their lost limbs on the ground with the machetes' edge. For hours she can play this game. For hours she is lost in it. It is good fortune that even with her mind stuck in this imaginary world she creates she is able to cut enough wheat for her quota. Sometimes she cuts more. It is this game that makes her work bearable. It is this game that keeps her sane enough to be prepared for what awaits her at home.