take one right?" I turned to look at her. "If you get in time." I then closed the bathroom door and turned on the shower faucet. The water heated up almost immediately as I hopped in. When I finished, I got changed into my white shirt and skirt and left the bathroom with my hair up in a turban. Glimmer was standing by the door in a satin pink furry bathrobe with an armful of shampoos and conditioners. "Don't take too long." I said eyeing the hair supplies. "It's five minutes until seven thirty and Johanna wants to take a shower after." "Wait, doesn't Clove need to take one?" Johanna asked. Clove shook her head, "nah, I don't take a shower everyday. I take one like every other day." "Same." I said. "I don't need to take one everyday." "Hey, I know, how I can take a shower on the days you don't need one?" Suggested Clove. I nodded. "That'll work with me." The two of us smiled. The conversation between us the night before came back into my head. "Ahem," Johanna cleared her throat. "now that you two made a shower schedule, we need to finish getting change and wait for Glimmer to finish her shower." I put on my mahogany cardigan and my royal blue tie. It was quarter to eight and just when I was worried that Glimmer was taking to long, she opened the bathroom door and looked, well, beautiful. To a boy's point of view, she looked sexy. Glimmer's beautiful golden blonde hair was evenly curled to perfection and she practically shone in her school uniform. Johanna broke the silence by exclaiming, "Thank god! Now I can take a shower!" Which ruined Glimmer's glimmering entrance from the bathroom. I put on my knee high white socks and watched as Clove carefully placed her knives into her cardigan and skirt sewn sheathes. "I still don't know why you need to carry all twelve knives with you to school." I said. "It's not like you are gonna be mugged or something." "I told you," said Clove, sounding irritated. "They make me feel safe." At five minutes till eight, Johanna left the bathroom already dressed and her hair as vibrant as ever. Together, us four girls strode down the hallway and down the stairs to go to the dining room. The dining table was set up but no food was on the table. "Hello girls!" Exclaimed Effie. "Breakfast will be served in a minute!" We took our seats together at the table just as everyone else came to the dining room. Annie, Autumn, Kayla, and the new girl from District 5, Finch, I think, joined us. "Can't wait till breakfast." Said Annie. "It's been a while since I had a hardy Capitol breakfast. "It's better than porridge." I said. "Back in District 12, that's what we had for breakfast everyday." Capitol servants brought in pitchers of orange juice and the pancakes. "The bacon and eggs will be here in just a moment." Said the head waiter before he left to go to the kitchen. I helped myself to a reasonable amount of pancakes and a glass of orange juice. "I wish Esther was here to see and eat this food." Said Clove wistfully. "The food in Panem Elementary isn't bad." I said, "my sister says it pretty good." "Yeah, but is the food there is fancy as this?" Asked Clove pointed to the bacon and eggs that have been just brought in. I shrugged. "I don't know; I'll ask Prim when I send her a letter later today." We ate in silence until eight thirty when Effie told us that we needed to get ready for school before nine. Glimmer, Johanna Clove and I went back upstairs to our dorms to pack up for school. Each student of Panem Academy receives a special Panem Academy backpack with the Capitol logo and our names sewn on. I put my textbooks, notebooks, pencils and other supplies in my bag and packed my bow and arrows. "We should be going now if we want some time to hang out before school starts." I said. "I'm all packed, said Johanna. "Let's go." Glimmer zipped up her overstuffed bag while Clove crammed everything messily in her bag and heaved it over her shoulder. "Time to face the world." Chapter Eight When us girls arrived at the school, we were greeted by boys who were waiting for us. "Hey! Who's ready for the first day of school?" Asked Cato. " Not us!" Us girls exclaimed and we howled with laughter. Cato eyes landed on Glimmer. "Wow Glimmer, even in your school uniform, you look fantastic." Glimmer blushed. "Why thank you Cato. You still look pretty handsome even in your school uniform." I saw Clove reach for one of her knives in her belt sheath, but then Johanna grabbed her arm, shaking her head warningly. "What was it like in your dorms?" Asked Johanna, clearly changing the subject. Gale laughed. "Dude, you should see our 'House Father', his name is Flavius and he dyes his hair in crazier colours! He might as well become the next Caesar Flickerman!" Everyone laughed. At first, it was quiet then Peeta asked, "so Katniss, you brought your bow and arrows?" I nodded. Peeta smiled. "When the beginning of term Trials come, I hope you shoot straight." Now it was my turn to blush. But not for long. "Hey! Finnick!" Annie ran towards our group with her backpack flying in midair as she ran towards her boyfriend. As Annie and Finnick greeted each other I checked my watch, almost nine. "I can't wait to see our new homeroom teacher Mr. Heavensbee." I said. "You're lucky you get a new homeroom teacher." Said Johanna, "I'm stuck with that kook, Professor Wiress." Annie rolled her eyes. "Oh, c'mon Jo, Professor Wiress is a good teacher, weird, but good." The bell rang, and we all knew what that meant, the beginning of school.