Kid's loaded. Parents would give any money to have their boy back. And the other one is obviously a good friend. We snag 'em both," one says. "Right," the other one agrees and they sit back, laughing with a nasty smirk plastered across his face. "So, what school do you go to?" Brooke asks me. "The one right across the street," I answer in an accidental condescending tone while gesturing out the window. "I figured," Brooke responds. I pretend my phone buzzes and I appear annoyed. "Dude, Mike's out in the loading dock," I groan, "again." "He doesn't see the sign? Let's go get him. Jesus that dude's a dumb ass," Cato sighs, annoyed. We get up, leaving our stuff at the table. Clove nods to me from the half booth on the other side of the aisle that we were sitting at originally to signal the two creeps were following us. We head around back to the loading dock, to a dark corner. The two guys box us in. "Well well well, I guess you figured us out," one remarks snidely upon seeing us ready for them, and "Mike" not being in sight. "Not that it's doing you much good, considering you're stuck," the other laughs. "Wrong," I state and launch myself at the one on the right. I tackle him and throw a punch straight to the side of his face. In my peripheral vision, I notice Cato has grabbed the other guy and punches him in the gut repeatedly. "Don't mess with us again," I order and rise to my feet before slamming my foot onto my opponent's face to knock him out. "Dude, that was awesome," Cato compliments as we walk back into the coffee shop. "I know! I just went all action movie on him," I reply, shocked that I did something as cool as I did. "So, you deal with those guys?" Marvel asks me. "Did we ever man," Cato says, "our man right here, the star? He made sure they'll be running scared from here to Venezuela!" "Nice, nice," Gale says and offers a high five. I accept, of course. "Now, back to the ladies," Cato grabs my shirt. "Damnit," I mutter as he pulls me back towards the girls who covered for us earlier. "Sorry for the inconvenience," Cato greets, smooth as ever. The guy, bless him, can be a huge prick sometimes. I usually end up yelling at him, or hitting him when he acts like an ass, but despite this, he can smooth talk any girl around, that is, if they don't already know him. I vaguely hear somebody speaking and a silence as a response is awaited. I realize I'm the one who's supposed to respond. "Sorry, what?" I snap out of my reverie. "I asked, did you just kill or maim them?" Brooke asks slyly. "Neither. Got a few solid hits on him. Knocked him out," I answer simply. "How are you a tough guy? You're scrawny as hell," one of the girls asks in disbelief. "Hush Emily," Brooke silences her. "You must take my word for it, he is grade A badass," Cato states. "Very funny," I reply, sarcasm oozing in my tone. "No, I'm serious. You'd be half the damn varsity football team!" Cato continues. "A. Everyone knows I suck at sports, B. you're an idiot, and C. I'm the fencing team's golden boy," I reply. "Fencing?" Brooke asks with interest. "Basically it's combat, as in knights sword fighting," I explain. "Match was good today," Ryan calls from across the restaurant. "Hey, did you tell Nikita he's lucky?" I ask. "Not yet," Ryan says before turning back to his own conversation. "Nikita?" Emily asks. "Yeah. Every year this Russian team comes into town. We beat them last year, three times during their stay, and I got a rival named Nikita from it," I answer. "Makes sense," the third girl from earlier admits, "Oh and I'm Morgan." "This is good," Cato comments. "The conversation has been trivial bullshit," I reply. "You can get us into the club, right?" Cato asks me suddenly, putting me on the spot. Zoe's dad owns a few nightclubs. One here, one in San Francisco, one in New York. "Yes," I answer, annoyance showing just enough for him to catch on with my eyes shooting enough of a death threat to let Cato know I'm displeased, but not enough for him to stop. "Then let's hit it tonight!" Cato says, "with these lovely ladies in tow of course." "Sure, great," I reply dryly. "Awesome," Cato adds. "Well, it'd be nice to ask us first, but we aren't busy," Brooke chides. "I was going to say something, but didn't feel like hearing him whine about it for three months," I inform her. "See you tonight boys," Emily flirts before they leave. "I'm going to kill you," I tell Cato as we head over to rejoin our friends. "I just scored us!" he defends his actions. "Man had I not saved you from that arena, my life would be entirely different right now," I sigh. "Yeah, but I think you like having us around," Katniss says. "Well, I do," I agree. "Yeah, and of course I'll help you get girls because I know you'll pretend to be gay and flirt with guys when I need a wingman," Clove says to me while mocking Cato. "Aw come on Henderson," Cato groans. "What, Big Bad Chris Andrews can't handle a little joke?" Glimmer asks, laughing. "Glim, lay off. Stop giving Cato a hard time," I speak up. "What? I'm only kidding," she replies. "Still. Cato's insecure about his skill with girls, no need to go rubbing his face in it," I tell her. "I am friends with some dickheads," Cato states. "Do you have any new information to share with us?" I inquire. "Here's one short blanket statement which will cover a large number of future situations. You suck," Cato growls. "I said new information," I reply.