The boy is smiling like he's perfectly at ease, while the girl just looks sullen and not a little confused. He ducks his head and makes a show of chuckling, leaning over to whisper in Jo's ear while the others are all still momentarily distracted, "You talk to anyone yet?" "No," she responds on an exhale, the coolness of her breath tickling his cheek and ear. Under the table, he feels it as she sets her hand over his and gives it a quick squeeze, the space of only a few seconds passing before she's withdrawn again. Jo is like a door to something mysterious. He doesn't know if what she keeps locked away inside is great or terrible—although, given the circumstances, it's probably the latter—but he doubts he'll ever find out anyway. Still, it's a beautiful door all by itself, and he's pretty sure only he and maybe Haymitch have managed to get even this close. "What about the new ones?" he asks, this time loud enough for the rest to overhear. Turning his head, he again looks down the length of the table and projects his voice. "You two enjoying yourselves? Why, you don't even have drinks yet!" he exclaims, sticking up his hand and waving pointedly at one of the hovering tenders. There is always a ton of staff at these meets, all of them officious and seemingly just waiting to do the Victors' bidding. When one comes over, even bowing to him, which makes Jo snort derisively, he just gestures to the two from 12 and declares, "Keep them well-lubricated!" The others break out in knowing laughter, but he drops his voice and tells the female tender firmly, "And make sure it's halved and measured, or I'll have the head of whoever's pouring for this." The tender promptly nods and makes to withdraw, no doubt to scuttle off and relay both the order and the warning, but he changes his mind at the last second and darts a hand out to catch her wrist. "Make that quarter-strength, no more. You get me?" And she meets his eyes and nods seriously, and he smiles, releasing her. He turns back to find several pairs of eyes on him. Brutus is smirking into his glass, and Cashmere and Gloss aren't even looking his way, but the rest are almost studying him. "Drink orders," he offers, slouching down in his seat so he can put his feet up on the table. "Can't expect a couple of kids from the ass-end of nowhere to know what the hell they're doing, can you?" He waves condescendingly at Haymitch's girl and boy—the former glaring, the latter bemused—and shouts, "You're welcome, kiddies!" just as the first of the quarter-strength drinks are carefully set in front of them by the same female tender. "Drink up!" And after that, he orders double shots for himself and manages to forget for almost a whole night. "It's not so bad, huh?" Peeta says quietly at one point. She just shrugs and takes another sip of whatever it is in front of her. It's sweet and almost milky, and she can't taste anything off about it, and it hasn't made her feel weird, so she doesn't think it's anything too bad. She'd been leery at first, though, when Finnick Odair traipsed in and made a big production out of everything. What an overdramatic snob, she'd thought, taking in his elaborate outfit and huge gestures. Who does he think he is, she'd whispered furiously to Peeta after Odair's attention had seemingly wandered away from them. "I think he's okay," Peeta had whispered back. Katniss had just stared at him incredulously for a few seconds, but then he'd pointedly looked up the table, even jerked his head in that direction, trying to get her to see something. "What am I supposed to be seeing here?" she'd asked somewhat belligerently a minute later. "He looks stupid, even worse than Effie." "He's not," Peeta had argued. "Do you remember his Games?" She searched her memory a bit, finally coming up with, "Water, right?" Peeta nodded, and it occurred to Katniss that they both must look like weirdos, sitting here staring at Finnick Odair so intently. But, then again, from the sound of things, that was probably pretty standard for the Party Boy of 4. He must be used to people ogling him by now. "He played them all," Peeta goes on, leaning close to her and whispering while keeping his eyes locked on Odair. "I remember my dad placing his bet on him after the Tribute interviews. He said, 'That one's going to get it. You wait and see. There's something off about that boy.'" "Not exactly a ringing endorsement there," she says. "He meant the act he was putting on for the cameras," Peeta responds, sounding somewhat frustrated and turning to look at her. "Look, we know everyone here did what they had to to get out, right?" He waits until she nods exaggeratedly that she gets what he's talking about. "Yeah, okay. So?" "So," he says, drawing the word out irritatingly, "what makes him any different? He lives here all the time, Katniss. You've seen it too. Everyone goes home after the Games. Look at Haymitch. But," and Peeta goes back to staring at Finnick Odair as he makes a fool of himself, "he doesn't. He doesn't leave." She looks again now too and says, "He doesn't get to." "They get you where it hurts, I think," Peeta says. "It's whatever you want. That's what they keep from you." "You mean that's what they take from you," she corrects. Peeta just shrugs. "Same thing. It's still a game. Everyone's just playing for more than their lives this time. I don't think anything is what it seems anymore, Katniss. I really don't—especially people." She turns her head away from Odair and says very clearly to the boy beside her, "I am." And he looks at her and winces. "For now," he corrects.