cousin Madge, a disc, with the words "Ember's Song" written in an elegant hand on the cover. When Ember plays it, beautiful piano music fills the room. Her cousin, Ember explains, loves to play the piano, and she'd taken up composing just last year. From her parents: a framed family photo (the last one they took before the Games, Ember murmurs as she gazes at Cedric's face), a copy of the new novel by her favorite author (she'd completely forgotten that the book was coming out), and her mother's mockingjay pin. Cato remembers that pin. It was her token in the arena. He remembers it being returned to Maysilee Donner after the Games. Now, her mother is giving it back to Ember. (What do her parents mean by that?) And finally, from Cato. For several weeks, a construction crew has been coming into the backyard to build what Cato claimed was going to be a shed. All the tarps are gone now, to reveal that there is, in fact, no shed. It's a greenhouse, ready to be filled with seeds and potted plants and flower bulbs and anything Ember ends up choosing from the catalog of everything available at the local nursery. (Ember doesn't talk about her garden in Twelve much—you can only chat about plants for so long—but Cato sees the look in her eye when she does, and he sees the look in her face whenever she's investigating a strange new bloom, like with the columbines on their hike.) She tackles him to the ground, and neither cares about the grass stains on their clothes as they kiss. XIX: Cato is asked to visit the Academy, where he trained for most of his life, so he can talk to the current students and answer any questions. Ember is invited as well. She has to think about it, but eventually she decides to go. She's curious about how the Academy runs. Aside from a quick introduction, Cato does all the talking, as Ember shows no inclination to speak before a crowd of Career hopefuls. He can tell that she's also unnerved by the former Victors lined up against the wall in the back, watching them both with intense stares. Cato's spiel is essentially the same speech that every new Victor from Two gives when asked to speak to the students, and most of their questions are the same ones asked every time. Then one of them has a question for Ember. "How does it feel to be a Victor knowing that you didn't deserve it?" Cato recognizes the asker as an obnoxious punk from the year below him. The giggles scattered through the audience, and the smug looks on some of the previous Victors' faces, tell him that the punk is not alone in this sentiment. Ember handles it masterfully. "Why don't you come onstage for a minute?" The boy swaggers up and deliberately checks her out. Cato clenches his jaw, but he waits. Ember has a plan. "Spar with me." The punk, who clearly thinks Ember is no challenge—Ember did kill in the arena, but only in self-defense, and the Academy trainees see that as weak—swings half-heartedly for her. She nimbly dodges and clocks him, unawares, in the face so he's sprawled on his back on the ground. No one asks anymore questions. XX: They go to his family's house for dinner. Tiberius has excused himself, claiming something at work is holding him up, but everyone knows even after all this time, he just doesn't want to face Ember again, after the way she verbally burned him. Cato's father pulls him aside after the meal, and they go to his study. "I see you're becoming quite attached to her." He's not becoming attached. He's already attached, and has been for quite some time. But Cato knows his father has a point to make, so he waits. "Don't be." Cato frowns. "Why?" "No good will arise from getting entangled with any Abernathys, I promise you that, Cato. That family has no future in Panem." He narrows his eyes. "What are you getting at, Father?" "Troubled times are coming. You don't want to be on the wrong side when they do. And the Abernathys will be on the wrong side. The girl has a pretty face, and I can see why you're so fond of her. But don't let it become anything serious. You'll want to be able to sever ties with her when the time comes." Cato stands there, still as a statue. Finally, he says stiffly, "Please excuse me, it's getting quite late. Good night, sir." He leaves the study. When he and Ember leave the house, and he reaches out for her hand, he can feel his father's glare boring into his back. XXI: On his birthday, he declines his family's invitation to dinner again. There's only one person with whom he wants to spend the day. They go hiking, as they usually do when the weather suits and they have no other demands on their time. They discover a new trail, which takes them to a small waterfall, and the two of them have a water fight. In the end, both are thoroughly drenched, and both are thoroughly happy. Upon returning home, Cato showers. Drying his hair with a towel, he emerges into his room, where he finds Ember snuggled on his bed, reading a book and wearing one of his shirts, which is clearly oversized on her. (His shirt, and nothing else.) Her smile beckons him. He accepts the invitation and joins her. The book is tossed onto the floor. The shirt follows. "This is just as much a present for me as it is for you," she tells him. All the better. If there is such a thing as paradise, Cato thinks later that night, as Ember sleeps in his arms, this is it. And he doesn't ever want to give it up. To be continued... Reviews are very much appreciated. Thanks for reading!