he was on her in a second, pinning her to the ground, his knife held at her throat in case she tried to escape. "You're the victor's daughter aren't you?" he sneered, "Just think how disappointed he must be, his own daughter dying in the games. How pathetic." She wanted badly to cry but she didn't, she just glared angrily at him. He just chuckled evilly at her, "Might as well put you out of your misery then, Fish Girl." With that he stabbed his knife deep in her abdomen twisting it as she hissed in pain, but refusing to yell. Small tears fell from her face, her eyes flittered upwards at the shining sun as the life and blood drained from her body. She began to hear the roar of the ocean, the smell of the sea, and the last thoughts she had, before the knife slit her throat, and the world went black were, "I'm coming home Daddy," The cannon boomed and the rest of the games went by in a blur as the boy from one turned on the other, pinning him to the ground with the embedded spear. But for Kype; he was lost in a grey world of black skies and white oceans, the sand giving way beneath his feet. As hard as it was to believe, Nenya's mother was in a worst state, staring blankly at the screen, seeing the image over and over again for weeks on end, of her baby lying there in a pool of blood, lifeless. Kype tried his best to help her, though he was still not over his own grief. It took two weeks before the funeral had been arranged and set up. He stood there in the early dawn as promised, on the cliff over looking the ocean, their cliff. It felt so wrong to be standing there without Nen by his side. An hour later the people started to arrive, the casket was brought, a sad pretty thing, just like the girl laid in it, a deep blue box with gold trimming and the scene of a sun setting over the ocean was etched on the sides, the top was left off revealing the small girl inside. She was dressed in the white satin wedding gown, the little gold pearl ring polished and clean on her little cold dead finger. The sun had risen and a rainbow shone down on the small little party, it was a cold day, the sky was blue and the sun was shining it's warm rays hitting the grass. The day wore on as the pastor spoke. The light of day was setting now, just as her song began to play, the one she'd requested: If I die young, bury me in satin Lay me down on a, bed of roses Sink me in the river, at dawn Send me away with the words of a love song. Uh oh, uh oh Lord make me a rainbow, I'll shine down on my mother She'll know I'm safe with you when she's stands under my colors, Oh and, life ain't always what you think it ought to be No, Ain't even grey, but she buries her baby. The sharp knife of a short life, well I've had, just enough time (repeat:) If I die young, bury me in satin Lay me down on a, bed of roses Sink me in the river, at dawn Send me away with the words of a love song. The sharp knife of short life, well I've had, just enough time And I'll be wearing white, when I come into your kingdom I'm as green as the ring on my little, cold finger, I've never known the lovin' of a man But it sure felt nice when he was holding my hand, there's a Boy here in town says he'll, love me forever Who would have thought forever could be severed by, The sharp knife of a short life, well I've had, just enough time So put on your best boys and I'll wear my pearls What I never did is done A penny for my thoughts, oh no, I'll sell Them for a dollar They're worth so much more after I'm a goner And maybe then you'll hear the words I been singin' Funny when you're dead how people start listenin' (repeat again:) If I die young, bury me in satin Lay me down on a, bed of roses Sink me in the river, at dawn Send me away with the words of a love song Uh, oh (Uh, oh) The ballad of a dove (Uh, oh) Go with peace and love Gather up your tears, keep'em in your pocket Save em for a time when you're really gonna need them, oh The sharp knife of a short life, well I've had, just enough time So put on your best boys and I'll wear my pearls. When the song had ended there was a hushed tone over the cliff. A tear or two silently fell down his golden-tan face. One by one they came up to bid good-bye, but Kype hung back, keeping his promise to be the last to leave. He looked at the girl he loved, lying on a bed of red roses. He gently removed a stray petal that had somehow fallen on her head, and leaned down and kissed her softly. He stayed till she'd been buried in the ground at the edge of the cliff. There she would lay forever, the sound of the waves far below, and the sun would rise and set on her every day. As the last drop of light seeped out of the sky the boy descended from the place with one glance back at the roses piled over the reburied earth, looking undisturbed. She was the pearl of the District. She'd died young, her life cut short, the sister I never knew. This was the tragedy of a pearl that was plucked from the ocean.