be me," I stated after a long pause. "You were supposed to fall in love with me ." The shock was evident in his features and he jerked his hand away from mine. It hurt to know he felt such a way. That he really had no idea how I felt. Yet another tear in my heart. He didn't know how to respond and I could tell he was still confused so I decided to carry on. Now I had got that statement out of the way the rest seemed to follow easier. "I have never had a friend like you," I began to explain. "I will probably never have a friend like you. You just took so little convincing to come and join my world. You accepted it without judgement and shared with me all your imaginations. There was nothing I wouldn't have told you." He sat silently letting my words sink in. He looked at me warily not entirely sure what it all meant yet. "I know our families used to joke about dancing at our wedding and the names of our children. At the time we both brushed it off, annoyed that they were teasing us, but deep down that's what I expected to happen. My 8, 10, 13 year old self loved you and even though I didn't fully understand romantic love then I knew one day my love for you would develop into that. I just didn't know when. Maybe one day in the tree house. Maybe at the Prom you would have taken me to but one day it would have happened and we would have been together. Because I knew that I didn't go looking for anyone else. I knew you were supposed to be it for me." He stopped looking confused and sadness and regret suddenly appeared. Regret that he had made me feel such a way. "It's my own fault I suppose. I assumed that you felt the same. That after our first sloppy kiss you were just waiting for us both mature enough to experience that type of relationship. I didn't realise that you were looking for anything else. I can't blame you for finding Katniss," I added. He moved forward then and grabbed hold of my hand. He rubbed soothing circles on the back of my hand. "I had no idea Del. Why didn't you say something?" he asked his eyes full of sorrow. "Because I didn't want to lose you. It would have made everything awkward. I couldn't bare that. I have been desperately hanging onto you for so long now. I can't imagine my life without you. I can't imagine not sharing my world with you," I cried. The first tear escaped from the corner of my eye. He surged forward again and wrapped me close to his chest. He rubbed reassuring circles on my back. He found it no easier to see me upset than I did when the situation was reversed. "You're never going to lose me. I will always be your best friend. I need someone to give me inspiration for my drawings. To help me teach my kids the wonder of this place," he said. I looked up at him and saw the sincerity in his eyes. But I knew him. I knew he didn't need me anymore. He had her. New friends. New passions. He would be fine without me. "I'm sorry I have made you feel this way. I guess I assumed for a little while that we would end up together as well but I didn't bank on meeting someone like Katniss," he said as he stroked some of my blonde hair off my face. I just stared up at him with my blue eyes and my tears beginning to dry. I could see how much it pained him to see me like this. Part of me wanted to take it all back just so he wouldn't look at me like that. But I knew if I was ever going to move on I needed to say it. "I love you," I stated. He brought his forehead down to rest on my own, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath. "I'm sorry Delly," he said before leaning in to press his lips gently to mine. It was a lot less awkward than our first attempt 5 years ago. He knew what he was doing. His lips were soft and I felt a tingle go down my spine as I pressed my lips back into his. A warm feeling began spreading from the centre of my chest. My love for him seemed to burn through my skin. I wished I could have frozen the moment and lived in it forever. All too soon he had pulled back and was looking at me apologetically. The kiss may have been something out of one of my dreams but I knew it wasn't the same for him. He didn't feel the same thrill as when he was kissing her. It was a pity kiss. I kiss to try and take away some of my pain. "I need to let you go now," I said after, still locked in his arms "I need to move on." I saw him opening his mouth to object but I just shook my head to tell him it was no use. I had made up my mind. I untangled myself from him and made my way over to the rope ladder. "Goodbye Peeta," I stated as I paused at the opening. He looked at me sadly and nodded his head. "Goodbye Delly." I gave him one last sad smile before I descended down the ladder for the last time. I somehow new I was never coming back. That I was walking away from him for good. I wrapped my arms around myself once I reached the ground. I walked slowly back to my house and away from the boy and life I could have had in another lifetime.