and Ced to the Capitol. I've already said my goodbyes to most people, so— The door opens. Madge enters. I fly to my feet, and we embrace. "I told you they weren't going to pick you," Madge says, laughing bitterly. "So you did. You're always right, Magpie." Madge wrinkles her nose. "Ugh, don't call me that. Firefly." I snort. "At least Magpie actually makes sense. I can't remember where you even got Firefly from." "Embers burn, fires burn, ergo firefly," Madge says simply. "So you're saying I burn fireflies?" Madge shoves me lightly. "Shush. Pretend it's logical." Then she sighs and looks at me with the same blue eyes that I see in the mirror every day. "I'm going to miss you." I smile sadly. "What, no pep talk telling me that I have what it takes to come home?" "Oh, you do. Of course you do. But I know that you're going to take that 'what it takes' and use it for Cedric." A tear runs down Madge's cheek. "I wouldn't expect any less from you." I press my palm against hers. "You'll take care of my garden for me, won't you? You know no one in my family can touch plants without killing them." "Of course." Madge nods. "And," I add nonchalantly, "I'm sure if you ask politely, Gale Hawthorne will be glad to help you out once in a while." Madge shoves me again, less lightly. "Shut up! I never should have told you about him." A sharp knock raps on the door. "I'd better go. You have a line." "I do?" "You're popular." Madge smiles faintly. "I guess this is goodbye." "Yeah. I guess it is." I watch Madge go. "Hey, Madge?" "Hm?" "I'm sorry for kissing Gale when we were fourteen." She groans. "Ugh. You're still not forgiven." "I love you, Magpie!" Madge turns at the door, blinking furiously. "I love you, too, Firefly." Then she's gone. I have no time to mourn, though, because Katniss and Prim come in immediately. Prim wraps her arms around my waist. "Thank you," she sobs. "Thank you. I wish you didn't have to volunteer, but…" "Hey, better me than you," I say, pseudo-lightheartedly. "Besides, someone's got to watch over Ced." Prim sniffs and steps back. "I wish I had a present for you or something." "Just seeing you is more than good enough." Katniss pats Prim's arm. "Prim, do you mind heading out first? I need to talk to Em alone." Prim nods and retreats. When the door shuts, Katniss speaks again. "I want to thank you, too." "There's no need," I respond. "It was always supposed to have been me. Prim should never have been called." "Why didn't you let me volunteer?" I shrug heavily. "It wasn't your job. It was mine." Thankfully, Katniss needs no further explanation than that. "Make sure Ced comes home, then. Make sure he wins, so that this isn't all in vain." "That's my only goal from this point forward." Katniss nods, hesitates, then comes in for a hug. I return it, and then my friend is gone, too. Various friends from school come in and out, bringing and taking their tears with them. I'm starting to wonder if I should be crying by the time Delly Cartwright drags herself out. I've been dry-eyed the entire time. What should I be crying over? The guaranteed loss of my life? I've long since accepted it, and I'll be losing it for the sake of Cedric. That's more than a worthy cause. When I finally rejoin him on the way to the train station, I take his hand—I've held so many hands today—and don't let go, not in the car, not when we pass the hordes of cameramen on the platform. Not until we're face to face with our parents once more. And Ash. I've been so distracted, I can't even remember if my older brother was present at the Reaping. People are exempt from attending if they're at death's door, and Ash certainly looks as if he's half-dead. Smells like it, too. His bloodshot eyes are dilated as they fall upon Cedric and me. "EmnCed!" he slurs. "Well, congrats, you're the chosen ones. Howzz't feel to be fucked?" "Ashton!" Mom hisses, clamping her hands over Summer's ears. "Your sister is in the room!" "Oooh, so she is." Ash squats so they're eye-level. Summer shrinks back. "Wumph. You got big, Summy." She hides her face against Mom's leg. "Wut, don' remember me? 'm your big brother...Ashton Abernathyyyy!" He gesticulates wildly. "Youngest evah winner of th' Hunnnngah Games!" Dad grabs him by the collar and throws him in the direction of the door. "Get out of here." He turns to one of the Capitol attendants. "Make sure he gets to his room and stays there until he sobers up." "Whoawhoawhoa, there, old man." Ash stumbles back toward Dad. "Youuu can't tell me whadda do. 'sides, 'm supposed to mentor. Gots to be here." "You're not mentoring," Dad snaps. "Your mother and I are." "But you mentored las' year. And th' year before. And before. And every year. S'not fair. Whenzzit gonna be my turn?" "When you're clean." Ash chortles. "Well, I guess tha's never, then." He starts to go, but pauses. Slowly, he turns back around to stare at Cedric and me again. "They're gonna kill you. They're all gonna go after you two first. Always happens." He focuses on me. "You shouldn'a volunteered. Could've saved yourself. Could've lived. Now you're dead. You're fucking dead, and they'll kill Ced soon as they're done fucking your corpse—" "OUT!" Dad bellows, and this time he drags Ash out the door. "YOU'RE DEAD! YOU'RE ALL DEAD! YOU'RE DEAD, YOU'RE DEAD, YOU'RE DEAD—" The door shuts. I shudder. Those of us remaining in the train car are silent, even Summer, who seems traumatized by the encounter. Just as we've all just about recomposed ourselves, the door opens again, and we jump. "Well!" Effie says happily. "Did I miss anything?"