undress me. He bunches the end of my dress up in his hands and I raise my arms so he can peel the dress over my head. He throws the dress into the corner and spends a moment tracing the curves of my body with his hands. Soon his hands work their way round my back and unclip the clasp of my bra. I let the garment fall down my arms and Peeta spends a moment appraising my naked form. He always has a look of wonderment every time he sees me bare to him. His thumb rubs soothing patterns against my skin as he takes me in and goose bumps rise up on my arms. I sigh as his touch leaves my whole body tingling. I then lean forward and stroke the hair back off his face. "Your turn," I say as I reach down for the hem of his t-shirt. Peeta smiles at me and it doesn't take long for him to join me in my naked state. I rise slightly to allow him to remove my underwear and then we are both completely bare to the elements. I settle back into Peeta lap, straddling his hips as I reach down to grasp him in my hand. He hisses as my thumb sweeps up his length and twists round his head. He reaches out to caress the side of my face and the look in his eyes makes me stop. Whatever he has to say next is important. "I don't know what I did to deserve you," he whispers. I shake my head fiercely as I press my forehead against his. "No. You got it wrong. I'm the one who has done nothing to deserve you," I reply passionately. Peeta is so good. He is always so happy and positive where I can be sullen and grumpy. He is the kindest hearted person I know and he never judges anyone. I know that I could live a hundred lifetimes and not deserve him. "It doesn't matter," he says. "I think that you deserve me and that is all that counts." I bend down to kiss him and he wraps his arms around me. All my reservations about saying yes and staying in Panem are forgotten for the moment. I love him and wouldn't want to be anywhere else in this moment. Peeta's hands start to wander, dancing across my skin and desperate to touch every part of me. My hand trails down his chest until it reaches the coarse hairs at his base. I grip his cock tightly in my hand and run my thumb up and down its length. Peeta lets out a strangled moan and drops his head to my shoulder. "I love you," he pants as I continue to stroke him. I smile as I stroke a curl off his face. "I've got your dick in my hand. It doesn't count," I say. Peeta shakes his head as he picks his head off my shoulder and looks at me seriously. "It counts every time I tell you," he says seriously. I smile back at him and kiss him before reaching for the condom packet and Peeta watches as I roll it on him. I take him in my hand again and guide him to my entrance. I rise slightly to create a better angle and slowly sink down onto him. We both groan as I ease down onto him until he is buried deep inside of me. We have only been doing this for eight months and it still amazes how good it feels to have him inside of me. I didn't realise you could feel so connected to another person in this way. I take a moment to get used to him again before I rise again and slowly start undulating my hips. Peeta grips tightly onto my waist as I hold onto his shoulders for leverage. He lets my set the pace and the course hairs brush against my clit in just the right way. Peeta's thumbs rub patterns against my skin causing my nerves to tingle and intensifying every movement inside of me. Normally Peeta likes to watch where we are joined when I am in the position. He loves to see himself disappear into me again and again but today his blue eyes are firmly fixed on my face. They lock onto my eyes and I can't look anywhere else. I see every single emotion that crosses his face; joy, pleasure, love. It's intense and causes my heart to swell until it feels like it is bursting. I feel it all building deep inside of me until it all becomes overwhelming. I suddenly burst, my orgasm crashing over me like a tsunami and sending aftershocks long after it is over. Peeta follows moments after and collapses against the back of the truck, pulling me down with him. I lay my head against his chest as we both allow our breathing to get back to normal and Peeta's hand finds its way into my hair as he gently starts messaging my scalp. "They were right. Engaged sex is the best. Just imagine what it will be like when we are married!" he exclaims. I laugh lightly but the word married sticks in my head. My brief interlude away from doubt ends. I'm reminded exactly what being married to Peeta means. It means staying in Panem and never seeing the world. I've wanted to explore the world for so long I don't know how to feel now that seems an impossibility. But then I glance up at Peeta and he looks down at me with so much love I can't imagine what it would be like if I said no. I love him. Surely that is all you need to make a marriage work. As long as we both love each other everything else will be alright. I have to believe that. Because a life without Peeta is too scary to think about.