since it was lite first it should be cooled down enough by now that we would be able to go in it but still hot enough that we will still be able to cool food on it. We just start walking west then hoping to find the A water and then just follow the shore around to the P all without getting spotted by the remaining tributes. We figure if we happen to run into the careers it's just meant to be. So we just start walking and after about 45 minutes we make it to the beach by the A. I climb another tree and discover that we have drifted back so that we are almost to the edge of the arena now we know we can't go the back way through though because the arena ends in a cliff and who knows what the gamemakers have in store for us if we go back there. And we really don't want to find out our only option is to keep walking forward and hope we get to the forest before the gamemakers get bored of no action happening. We stick to the tree lines knowing out in the open the careers could see us if they just climbed a tree. We make it about halfway before the gamemakers do get bored. All of the sudden all we see along the whole beach are crabs coming out of the water and heading straight towards us. We have no idea what these crabs can do and we figure we can't out run them so we all just climb three trees in a row so the crabs will have to split up and not go for all of us turns out the crabs cant climb threes but they can cut right threw them. We know if we stay in the trees we will get knocked out of them so all three of us keep moving back but the crabs keep on coming. Sam then yells to Jack "the Animal" and makes a throwing motion with her hands. Jack understands immediately and throws the animal into the middle of were all the crabs are. All the crabs immediately stop chasing us and instead turn their attention to the food we just threw and start fighting for it. But then a strange thing happens. After the crabs take one bite they fall to the ground dead. It's a really good thing we didn't eat that animal then or we would have all been dead right now and the careers would have won again. We have no idea what to do now that we lost are food and we don't want to go back to the beach so we just head back to we started were we at least know there's water. Three hours later were back exactly where we started and have gained nothing. We decide the best thing to do is make out way to the edge of the forest and sleep so if the gamemakers set this forest on fire we can get out fast. It's almost dark and we want to be too where were going to be sleeping tonight by the time it gets dark so there's no sneak attacks. On the way we collect berries and other roots we know for sure are safe so we won't die from them. We eat them as we walk and then when were full we stick the rest we find along the way into our bags for either food tomorrow or in case we have to make a run for it. We all sleep in the same tree but at different heights with one of us keeping watch at all times. It's all going good, its Jacks watch and Sam and I are fast asleep when all of the sudden we hear 2 cannon booms that startle us awake. Luckily we regain are balance and don't fall off but it was close. Then we just smile at each other because we know the careers have finally turned on each other. Were about to say something when we hear running in the woods and outcome the 2 remaining careers, a boy and a girl. We all take are weapons out cause we cause no idea if they have seen us or not and we make the silent agreement that we are going to try to pick both of them off. They run right past are tree and I take aim and I shoot my bow and Sam throws her knife but at the last second they both stop and turn and throw a knife right at Jacks heart. We hear him go down and a second later we hear the cannon boom and know that he's dead. I hear Sam screaming behind me then and I scramble up the tree to were she's sitting, we count to three and we both let lose an arrow and knife but they also throw there knives at the same time. Both of Ares connect and they go down. Sam dodges hers easily but I'm not as lucky and I take a knife way to close to my heart. Shortly after we hear two cannon booms and know we are now the only two left. Sam helps me down from the tree and we sit on the forest floor together. We both know I'm not going to last much longer but Sam will not give up. She pulls out a knife and points it at her own heart. I tell her she's crazy and to give me the knife. She starts crying but obeys and slowly hands over the knife. Before she has times the do anything I plunge it into my heart with the last strength I have so Sam can go back to her family. The last thing I hear is Sam yell NOOOOOO! Before blackness takes over and I know the games are over and Sam will get to go back to her family.