new tyre to her. "Good thing I'm here then," she replies. She smiles back at me and I can't stop the wide smile that spreads across my face. I'm suddenly aware that my heart rate has picked up and there is something pleasant swirling in my stomach. Katniss really does have the most beautiful smile. "What about you?" I ask. "Do you go to the local six form college?" Katniss surprises me when she shakes her head. "Nope. I quit school at sixteen. Didn't do too well with my GCSEs," she replies. "But you can retake them at college. I hear the college is really good," I say. Katniss smiles and shakes her head at me. "Not everyone needs to go to college or university. I never really liked school any way. There's more to life than books," she says. I scrunch my eyebrows in confusion. "So what do you do instead? Do you have a job?" I ask. Katniss shrugs her shoulder as she secures the new tyre. "I work the checkouts at ASDA," she replies. "And you're just doing that until you want to do…" I say. She can't seriously aspire to work in that supermarket her whole life. Katniss shrugs her shoulders again. "I don't know. I don't have a big life plan. Life is too unpredictable to bother making any. I much prefer to go with the flow. I think it's exciting not knowing where I will end up," she replies. I look at her dumbfounded. I never met someone that has no plans for their life. Even my friends at school who don't know what they want to do at uni are planning gap years until they decide. Katniss sees my expression and shakes her head. "Don't look so shocked. I may know that I don't want to work in a supermarket for another ten years but that doesn't mean I won't achieve anything. Life always throws you unexpected surprises," she says. I shake my head. "I've just never thought like that. I've known I'd be a doctor since I was five," I say. "Of course you did. Probably because your family expect you to be one. I bet you're applying for Oxford too," she says. "Cambridge," I admit sheepishly. Katniss smiles and shakes her head at me. "Well good for you. I could never go to a uni like that. You must be pretty smart," she says. I shrug my shoulders. "I study a lot," I reply. "I'm not surprised," Katniss says. She smiles at me and I smile back. She finishes securing the tyre in place and then stretches as she stands up. I stand to and she smiles at me again. "All done. I hope you get back in time for your rugby match," she says. I begin to panic as I realise she will be leaving soon. I've really liked talking to her. She is so different from anyone else I've met and I want to find out more. I want to hear her laugh again and keep her smiling at me as long as possible. "Thanks. I would have been stranded without you," I reply. I search my brain to try and find anything to say that will make her stay and talk to me longer but my mind goes blank. I can't think of one good thing to say. "I never did find out where your shorts are from. Are they comfortable to wear?" I ask. Katniss barks out a laugh and I cringe when I hear the question leave my lips. I wish I was Finnick right now. He would have had the perfect witty question to ask. However, I quickly get over my embarrassment when I feel Katniss place her hand on my forearm. A jolt of electricity goes through my body as I look down,, stunned at where her hand is touching my skin. "You don't talk to girls often, do you?" Katniss says. "I have two brothers and go to an all-boys boarding school. It's a lot easier to talk to boys. Start a conversation about the best place to get a meatball sandwich or the lengths of everyone's dick and you're fine," I reply. Katniss laughs again and the sound sends a tingle through my body. It may be my new favourite sound. "You're funny. More than you realise. I'm glad you got a flat tyre," she says. She moves closer to me and our bodies are only a inches away. She smiles up at me sweetly and my heart starts to hammer in my chest. Her lips look so appealing. Soft and rosy. I wonder if they taste sweet. I don't know what to do. I've not been in this situation too many times before. If I was Finnick I would bend down and kiss her but I've never been that bold. Instead I cough and pull back from her. "I better get going. The coach will be wondering where I am," I say. A flash of something crosses Katniss' face but it is so fleeting that I don't have time to analyse it. She soon plasters a smile on instead and then lifts the flat tyre into my boot. She reaches round me to slam the door of the boot shut. Her body stands closely in front of mine again. "I bet you don't admit that a girl changed your flat tyre for you," she says. She pauses for a long time, as if waiting for something but I don't know what. Her eyes flick down to look at my phone that bulges out my jeans' pocket but she pulls them back up to look at my face. "Good luck with the match today," she says. She then smiles demurely at me before brushing past and sauntering away. My eyes follow her until she is out of sight. It's only later, after I have retold the story to Finnick, that I realise my mistake. Katniss wanted me to ask for her number.