combat style either sibling had ever seen. Gloss shook his head minutely. "He's not fast or brutal enough." He bit into his apple slice and Marble and Queen exchanged looks. "We'll see," Queen vaguely answered. Her fingers twirled her coffee stirrer, flipping it over her knuckles, under her palms, weaving between her fingers. Her main weapons were bow and arrows and she was renowned for being able to fight by shooting the arrow or using it or the bow as a close-contact weapon. "Anyone else?" Marble and Queen were their friends, but neither Gloss or Cashmere could stop assessing, one of the many ticks left from the Games. There was little doubt that the two other One Victors were sizing them up everyday too. They trusted each other, but this was instinct that patterned their sides, the need for survival covering their eyes, and they couldn't break free. They didn't really want to. "We'd like Five," Gloss said. "They're clever. You never know what the Games will bring but there's always some sort of technology. Even if there isn't, they're skilled with spears." "Good choice," Marble noted and took a sip of raspberry water. "Also, Essie will be here soon to outfit you. You've got clients." Cashmere's head snapped up and her eyes widened, then narrowed. "We were going to slip in some extra training," she said breezily, wary of the bugged room. Queen's mouth hitched into a soft half-smile. It was against the rules to train more, but the Career Districts always found a way. "Well, I'm sure you can train later." "It's fine," Gloss assured her coolly and, later, they came home at different times, smelling of too-fragrant cologne and perfume. They had "turned off" their personalities for sex and it took a minute to relax around each other. For clients, they let themselves drift, making the meetings a sort of mechanical protocol, and letting the exchange become instinct. It wasn't too different from the way they turned into killers in the Hunger Games. "Sometimes," Cashmere whispered hotly into the hollow of Gloss's neck, where her secrets gathered, "I wish sex wasn't like this. I wish it would mean something." "You mean something," Gloss murmured, words curving behind her ear, sliding into her hair. He tucked stray strands behind her other ear. "That counts for something. Sometimes I wish it did too but you mean more to me than sex ever would." And it wasn't that Cashmere couldn't make inspiring speeches-it was that she was so young. An entire year younger than Gloss and she had gone through so much, still. "I don't like any of them," she confessed. "I don't feel any attraction. I don't think I could." She didn't say I only feel something for you and she didn't have to. She was his sister and he knew her. "Me too," Gloss said, holding her close. She was his lifeline, his Achilles Heel, and he hated this world for trying to take her away. "I love you." He didn't repeat the three words, though he wanted to. He'd learned not to. He'd learned to be the charming, strong Victor that ranked just behind Finnick Odair. In front of Cashmere, he tried to be just Gloss. Her brother, the boy from One, was actually someone cool and disdainful with wry remarks. "I love you too." Cashmere sighed and pulled away, shedding the little reflective blue bandage dress and mirrored sky-high heels. Gloss followed suit, shucking off his silver shirt and tight black pants. Cashmere leaned forward, almost smirking, to touch one of the glittering diamond fake-tattoo patterns that curled around his neck. "Training in three hours," Gloss said, checking the clock as he came out of the shower. Cashmere, already showered, was sitting in one of Gloss's soft sweaters and his sweatpants. Gloss just grabbed pajama pants. "We won't get out of the Games alive," Cashmere said, looking off into the distance. She was beautiful, even like this. Not in the glittery, bright way of last year's One tribute, or in the svelte, graceful way of Queen, but in her own way. She was all sharp angles and narrow eyes, everything about her smooth and strong. There was beauty in the curl of her butter-blonde hair and full lips and fan of lashes, the light tan of her skin, how she was always too skinny, woven out of fine bone and muscle and sinew. Gloss shook his head. He didn't say anything. He didn't have to. They both knew that, though they would die for each other, they wouldn't leave the other behind. They'd die together in the arena. That was it. They'd fight together with their friends, a final stand, and then die. There was a rebellion going on and they wouldn't live to see the outcome of the change. It wasn't okay. But it sort of was. The night before they got sent into the arena, they lay in bed together one last time. All they could feel were silk sheets, and soft hair, smooth skin, and taunt muscles. The night was full of shadows being cast over their faces, gathering in their eyes, slipping past their fingers. "I love you," they told each other. Once upon a time, they were the twins Apollo and Artemis, ruling their kingdoms, living in harmony, willing to defend each other. Then the gods faded and they were left with themselves, with Gloss and Cashmere. They were siblings and they were going to die soon. Gloss died by Everdeen's arrow and Cashmere charged forward with a cry. Fuck. Her brother . Gloss . He was already gone and she was next, so she made it easy. She moved forward with abandon to let Johanna Mason's axe sink into her chest. Then she fell, blood exploding across her chest like a burst of scattering rubies, and vision going black. For the first time in years, Cashmere felt free. disclaimer: i don't own the hunger games trilogy, rights to suzanne collins.