him in all the right places. His messy blond curls are slicked back and his jaw is freshly shaved. He is even more attractive than I remember. Peeta looks surprised to see me too but recovers quickly and flashes me a bright smile. "You must be Prim's sister then. You know you never gave me your name earlier," he says. I stare at him agape for a few minutes as I try to decide if seeing him now is a blessing or a curse. After a moment I get over my shock and answer him. "It's Katniss, but I really am beginning to think you are following me," I reply with a smile. Peeta laughs. "I swear it's just happy coincidences. I just came round to replace the tea bags I used yesterday. And I made some homemade brownies to thank your sister for welcoming me into the building," he replies. I may have just eaten a whole bowl of soup but the mention of brownies makes my stomach grumble and I try to peer into the plastic container Peeta has in his hands. "I'm pretty sure you didn't use that many tea bags," I say tipping my head at the large packet. "And are you trying to butter us up with baked goods so we won't get mad when you start playing loud music at three in the morning." "Nah. It's to butter you up for the fact I have a five-foot anaconda living in my apartment," Peeta replies with a grin. I laugh at his joke and instinctively step aside to let him in. "I'm not going to turn down free food. Want to help me eat some?" I ask. A smile spreads across Peeta's face and he nods his head. "Will you leave any for Prim?" Peeta asks as I lead him through to the kitchen. I turn my head back to smile at him. "How's she ever going to know you made some?" I say with a grin. Peeta laughs and I take the tea bags and brownies off him. He takes a seat at the table and I offer him something to drink as I find plates for the brownies. Peeta asks for some water and I fill a jug before sitting down next to him. "So you met my sister yesterday," I say. Peeta nods his head as he serves me a brownie. "She was very welcoming," Peeta replies. "I bet she was. I bet she bombarded you with a thousand questions," I say. "A few," Peeta says with a chuckle. "But she talked a lot about you too. I hear you kick ass every day in the courtroom." "My colleague did describe us as superheroes yesterday," I reply. Peeta laughs and I can't stop the grin that reaches across my face. "Prim says you're an architect and are building your own house. That's pretty impressive," I say. Peeta nods his head as he keeps his eyes on me. "It's been my dream to build my own house ever since I got my first set of Lego blocks. It's surreal now that it's actually beginning to happen," he replies. "Where are you building it?" I ask. "This place just outside the city. Hob Valley," he says. My eyes go wide and I stop eating my brownie to look at him. "I know the place. It was an hour from the town my sister and I grew up in. It has this great forest trail that leads to…" "…this incredible lake and waterfall," Peeta finishes for me. We stare at each other amazed for a moment. I shake my head in disbelief. "I can't believe you know about that place. Not many people do. It's one of the state's best kept secrets," I say. "My brother and I found it in college. It's my favourite trail to walk. That's why I want to build my house there. I like the thought of it being in my backyard," Peeta replies. "Sounds like a dream. Though you're making me get itchy feet. With the cold weather I haven't been hiking in months," I say. "I know what you mean. Running in the park is nice but it can't beat the peace and tranquillity of a hike," Peeta says. I nod my head and look at Peeta with an even greater appreciation. "We'll just have to keep each other company on runs until the weather improves then," I reply. A huge grin spreads across Peeta's face and he sits back in his chair to look at me. "As long as I am doing the chasing, right?" he says with a grin. I laugh and the warm feeling returns to my chest again. We fall into easy conversation and talk about everything from our running to favourite movies and TV sitcoms. Peeta makes me laugh easily and my jaw begins to hurt from smiling so much. After just over an hour Peeta looks at his watch and gets up to leave. "I need to get going. It's my brother's bachelor party tonight and I can't remember which box I packed my superhero costume in," he says. I raise my eyebrow at him as I show him to the door. "I suppose if I'm not in the office someone needs to overtake my superhero duties," I reply. Peeta flashes me a grin and stops when we reach my door. "I promise to keep your secret identify if you promise to keep mine," Peeta says. I laugh again and get a hint of anxiety over his leaving. I haven't had this much fun talking to a guy in a long time. I open the door but Peeta lingers for a moment. He locks his eyes onto mine. "Look, tell me if this is too forward, but I hate bullshitting around and game playing. I really liked talking to you today. Would you like to go on a date with me?" he asks. I don't even think before answering. "Yes," I reply.