of hunger. This final thought was more than my ever-weakening heart could bear. Heat surged throughout my face as the agony that now resided in my heart dwarfed that of my impalement. The wind whispered in my ears bearing with it the sound of distant fowls, letting raise their innate orchestra of chirps and melodious chortles. Amid the cooling arms of this breeze my ebony hair blew across my grubby, cleaved face, the warm sticky fingers of blood soaked hair left their grotesque prints upon the bare skin to the right of my face that until now, had remained untouched by crimson hues. My once crystal green eyes overshadowed with wisps of blinding haze hesitated to focus on the dismal world that surrounded me. Curse the Hunger games. Curse the Capitol. Curse Panem for letting the Capitol exploit us for everything we own. Let it be so, that one brave soul step forth out of the ashes of Panem and force the Capitol to its knees, causing it all the pain, affliction, and horror that so many others have been forced to endure. What seemed like many hours of agonizing time passed, and flashbacks of distant memories from when I was young, (from when I was happy - wrapped within my mother's dainty arms) came forth from forgotten archives in the recesses of my brain, to play and dance in my mind. By now, I could see only shadows out of my one good, but failing eye. The knowledge that my death was imminent crept its way into my mind. The urgency that emanated from the boy caused my senses to fall into a tumultuous vat of emotion and feeling. Then the great vibrations from his feet hitting the turf made their way to my body, where I sat endeavoring to accomplish the lofty task of making heads or tails of it all. Pivoting round toward his general direction, I caught glimpse of what I supposed to be his massive figure, approaching a much smaller hole in the color of my vision. An ample appendage protruded away from his mas of colorless shape as he stooped to grasp the smaller black splotch, then up righting himself he again bounded toward my bewildered self. Endeavoring to decipher what unearthly thing coursed throughout his conniving mind, I viciously began blinking my eyes to force the last tentacles of darkness to subside just long enough for me to uncover his (most-likely) horrid plan. Nearer and nearer he drew, and as he came to be about five feet away (by my inept estimations); his true intentions became revealed to me. The work he began was the work he would finish. In vain, had my undertaking been to scramble away from his shape; I knew it too. Within a fraction of a second, the blow of a sharp rock committed itself to my right temple. As I fell to the ground in a collected heap, the knife further lodged itself into my abdomen. The fashioned spikes upon its hand guard burrowed deep within my stomach and moments later, the burning of acidic juices was filling my body cavity. The grasp of groping fingers quarried their way into my shoulder as he ripped my rag-doll like body over, to lay prone on my back. Coagulating blood flooded my mouth, its texture much like that of the jelly served on the sour toast at the Training Center. The metallic flavor of the life giving liquid became the single flavor that my palate could conceive. Let's just say that I could never pass as a vampire. I hate the taste of blood. Angrily I spat towards his shape, hoping it would hit him. The guttural resonance of a growl resided my ears. I suppose I did hit him. "It serves him right for killing me." I thought. I could feel the boy straddle my body, pinning me to the ground as I screeched in absolute agony and sobbed in terror. Then the warm, nasty smell of his vomit invoking breath wafted into my nose; accompanied by the horrible stench of blood. How long it had been since he had last brushed his teeth I'm not sure, but it reeked of many weeks without doing so. "This," in a breathy manor he began. "This will finish you off." Crazed and unforgiving his voice was. In he drew a long breath of air - as if sucking the very life out of me. He lifted himself up out of my face, holding his hands aloft in the air. His body tensed as I strained to loose myself from his vice like grip. My struggle was again; in vain of course, for much of my blood had been lost, thus I was rendered incapable to do anything. The tears that once streamed down my face slowed to just a little trickle as their pool of liquid ran dry. Wham! The rigged blow of the rock on the side of my head sent me reeling. H-ah, h-ah, h-ah! He shouted as he released blow after painful blow and strike after painful strike until ceasing to exist, the hearing in both my ears fell void. I thrashed around, "Stop! Stop!" I pleaded. Meaning for it to project itself boisterously, but as it came out like loud wheezes I wasn't even given the right to plead for my life understandably. Lying there swaddled in the graceful arms of flowing sod, blind, bloodied, deafened, stabbed, sliced, bruised, and without a shred of dignity, I mused upon my last glimpses of radiant sunshine and smelled my last sniffs of fresh air. I reflected on the last melodious song of the distant birds as though their orchestra was playing for me. Then everything went black. Author's Note: Pleas leave a comment, this is the first fanfic/story that I've ever wrote on so please ANY comments would be MUCH welcomed and appreciated! Thanks for reading and I will be uploading soon so please, stay tuned for more! :)