I move my lips even further downward and I hear him groan as I get nearer the waistband of his jeans. I reach down to gently squeeze him though his trousers and he moans. I go to unbuckle his belt but he sits up, grabbing my wrist and stopping me. "No more foreplay. I need you now," he says. His eyes are locked intensely onto mine. His gaze burns right through me sending a flash of heat to my soaking core. I am powerless to do anything other than nod. Peeta nods to make sure I am certain and I nod again. He smiles at me and reaches a soft hand out to kiss me gently. He pulls back slightly to undo his belt and pulls down his jeans and boxers. I gulp a little when I see his sheer size. It's been a while. Peeta seems to see my shock and reaches forward to gently touch my cheek. I snap my eyes back up to look at him. "Hey. We can stop if you want. We don't have to do this," he says. My heart melts at his words. I don't know where this charming, slightly cocky but kind man has come from. "No. I don't want to stop," I reply. Peeta gives me a genuine smile and it gives me the courage to stand up and remove my own pyjama bottoms. I hesitate just slightly before I hook my fingers round the elastic of my underwear and tug them down. I chew my bottom lip, exposed and nervous, as Peeta watches me from the end of the bed. An awed smile crosses his face. "You are the most beautiful girl I have ever met," he says. I blush a little and he smiles wider. "Come here," he beckons gently. I take a deep breath and slowly crawl on the bed until I our noses are only inches away from each other. Peeta smiles at me sweetly as I gently nudge his nose with mine before ducking down to catch a kiss. The feel of his lips relaxes me and I give him another kiss. And then another. Slowly the kisses grow more heated until I have Peeta flat on his back and between my thighs. I pull back breathless as the throbbing in my core roars again. I sit back on my haunches as I reach into my bedside table to retrieve a condom. Peeta watches with black eyes as I roll the condom on him. I look back at him one more time and he gives me a sexy smile before I rise on my haunches and impale myself on his length. I feel impossible full as he pushes himself deep inside me. I wait a moment to get used to his girth before resting my hands on his abdomen and slowly swirling my hips in a circular movement. Peeta grunts as I begin to move and he sticks his hands out to grab my hips tightly to guide my movements. He feels so good inside of me and I am soon panting in pleasure as my body sets itself on fire. I alternate from swirling my hips and moving up and down and through these actions he is hitting my clit just right. I can feel the coil in my belly being wound tighter and tighter as I ride him. Peeta is gripping my hips tightly, surely to leave marks, as he lets me control the pace. His eyes fix on the place where we are joined as he watches himself sink in and out of me. As my orgasm builds to its peak Peeta suddenly jerks forward, cupping his hands behind my ass and titling me backwards as be brings his lips down to kiss me deeply. I yelp a little from being caught unaware but this soon turns to a loud moan when this new angle allows Peeta to hit that sweet spot inside of me. He is the one in control now and he slams me up and down his length. This angle lets him perfectly hit my g-spot and my orgasm begins to build stronger than before. I am powerless to do anything other than grip the back of his neck tightly as he pounds into me. My orgasm rips through my body and I cry out as Peeta continues to move rapidly inside of me. My arms cling loosely round his neck as my whole body sags and I no longer have the energy to hold myself up. Peeta grunts as he pulls me tighter towards him and sinks his nails slightly into my flesh. He thrusts a few more times before he lets out a strangled moan and slumps against me after he has filled the condom. We stay tangled together like that for a moment. Peeta's head rests against my breast as my hand runs through his short hairs. We don't say anything as we let our heart rates get back to normal. Eventually Peeta pulls his head off my chest and smiles at me sweetly as he sweeps a sweaty strand of hair behind my ear. "Well that was one way to make sure I don't forget you while I am away," he says with a smile. I laugh lightly as I lean my head against his hand and watch him look at me. A shiver goes up my spine from the way he is looking at me. "Will you let me see you when I come back? I don't quite know what I will do if you say no," he says laughing a little nervously. I smile sweetly back at him for a moment. It is scary to think that he is going off tomorrow. That he may not come back. And yet that won't affect my answer. I get on to my knees and straighten up so we are nose to nose. I hold his gaze as I answer his question. "I'll allow it," I reply.