night goes rapidly downhill when I spot a tall, brooding figure on the other side of the bar. I try to duck out of his eye line but I am too late. He spots me and gives me a stupid grin before making his way over. "Hey Catnip!" Fancy seeing you here!" Gale exclaims. I hate that he still uses his old nickname for me. My whole table falls silent at his presence. A few angry glares are thrown his way. "Hi Gale," I say as politely as I can. He is the last person I want to see tonight. Gale is my ex-boyfriend. We dated all through college and he was my first serious boyfriend. We took the same psychology class and hit it off straight away. We are very similar, even down to our looks. Both of us with dark brown hair and grey eyes. We were soon spending every Sunday in the woods together. Hunting, fishing and climbing trees. He was my best friend and I was completely and utterly head over heels in love with him. I gave him everything, including my virginity, and I honestly thought he was the one for me. I had seen how in love my parents still were and desperately wanted that with him. That was until he broke up with me the day of college graduation. It turns out for the last 6 months of our relationship he had been sleeping with Leevy Andrews and apparently thought she was a more suitable girlfriend for him. It was well rumoured she gave really good blow jobs and the horny dick turned round and dumped me. I was crushed. Not only had I lost my boyfriend but my best friend. I stopped going to the woods for weeks after as there were too many memories of him there. It took a lot of persuasion from Madge and the realisation that life goes on before I could face them again. To help me get over it, I threw myself into my work. I don't really date anymore. A couple of disappointing dates and sexual encounters, but nothing serious. I don't want to put myself in a position where I can get hurt like that again. Our break-up didn't seem to affect Gale at all. He got a job as an engineer at a weapons manufacturer and Leevy moved in soon after. They got married 3 years ago and live in a big house in the same suburb as my parents. I bump into him every now and again and every time it is uncomfortable as he rubs his life in my face. Well at least tonight I have got something to be proud of. "I'm actually out celebrating tonight. I've been promoted at work to head of Recreational Parks," I state proudly. My friends all smile proudly in encouragement. "Can't be many people wanting that job," Gale replies. I frown at his disregard of my achievement. He has no idea how hard I worked to get that job. "I'm out celebrating too," he continues completely unaware that he has just insulted me. "Leevy is pregnant with twins! Just had the sonogram today!" He pulls out his iphone to show us a picture of 2 alien looking foetuses. Of course something good is happening in his life too. I try to bury the hurt this announcement causes me. My group mumbles congratulations as Gale goes on how they got pregnant on the first go, how he has just been given a big bonus for designing a new weapon and about the vacation he is about to go on in the new villa he just bought in Tuscany. Every new boast is like a punch to the gut. It reminds me of how good his life is without me. My friends try to talk up my new position but he just knocks it back with a disinterested laugh. By the time we eventually get rid of him I feel deflated. Any pride for my promotion has been squashed. Feeling disheartened I go to the bar to try and see if alcohol can make me forget the last 30 minutes of my life. I slump my elbows on the bar and order a Jack Daniel's and coke. I feel Peeta sidle up beside me. "That guy is such a douche," he says. "A successful douche," I say bitterly and hand the money to the bartender. "Come on! Would you really want to be with a guy who leaves his pregnant wife home on the day of her first sonogram he can go out and get drunk? " "I guess not." "Of course not. When I have a baby, I'm going to spoil my wife rotten." I give him a small nod "And don't let him convince you he is better than you. He's just designed a weapon that will kill hundreds of people. You're working to preserve the planet," Peeta continues I turn to smile at him gratefully. His last words make me feel a bit better. "He was an idiot to cheat on you. You are so much better than Leevy. He's stupid for not being able to see how amazing you are," Peeta adds. "You don't need to say that," I reply a little embarrassed. I have never been good at receiving compliments. "Of course I do. You're like a little sister to me. I don't like seeing you hurt." I smile again. His words do make me feel better. It's nice to know he looks out for me. "Plus, I'm making you cheese buns tomorrow so you have got that to look forward to," he adds. "That's true," I reply perking up a little bit. "A whole week's supply." "Like you'd let me forget. Come on. Let's gets back to the people who are actually make you feel good about yourself." I smile once more and pick up my drink. I do feel better. Peeta just always knows the right thing to say.