low in his chest. Johanna walks past him, in grey sweatpants and a leather jacket. Drawls, "Better oil those joints, old man." Gale asks, "What happened to all that shit about you being alive far longer than I have?" "Hanna," Lilith says, exasperated, at the door. Johanna snorts, flips them both off, and presses a coffee mug into Gale's hands. "Take this, get the fuck out, I'll see you in an hour, okay?" "It's-" "Take the damn coffee, Hawthorne, I'm eating the rest of your soup for supper." That's how Gale ends up stumbling out of Johanna's apartment, not at too early an hour but too exhausted to speak, and glaring only because Johanna roughly shoves him. "Fuck you," he says. Johanna says, "Sorry, I'm ace," and smiles, predatory. Gale blinks at her, barely comprehending the words, and Lilith sighs. "He's too sleep-deprived for this, Hanna," Lilith tells her. "It's okay," Gale says, "I'm fine." "You're a liar. Get another hour of sleep, idiot," Johanna says. She squeezes his shoulder, a bit roughly, as Gale opens his own apartment door and she's passing by. Lilith presses a hand to his back, grounding, and he remembers doing this to his mom, ushering her out the door, and to Johanna, ushering her into the meeting room. They gradually become closer friends after that, circling each other. Gale falls in platonic love with them both, and he watches Lils and Jo, as he's nicknamed them, fall in romantic love with each other as a few months turn into a year, and the ruins of District 2 become more alive. "The thing is," Jo's telling him, bitching and scowling, "I don't mind people looking at my body, you know? Like, yes, I know I'm attractive. I know you find me sexy. I just don't want to ever have sex. They just don't understand it when I say to fuck off alone." She throws back a shot, vodka, and says, "Do you understand me, pretty boy? You've got more cougars looking at you than the combined amount of strange men Lilith and I have looking at us." Gale laughs at her. "Well," he says, "had a few dames back in Twelve," because old-fashioned Seam speak always made Jo cackle. "You sound like such a shithead," Jo tells him. The bartender,, their friend Nolan, brings over a drink someone ordered for her. Jo pushes it away without even looking at it-she only drinks things from people she trusts-and continues, "You are such a shithead. You and your dames , you sure you liked Katniss?" "Loved her," Gale admits, and it's easier, now, to say things like that. "You sure you like Lils?" "Shut up," Jo says. He raises his brows, clicks his tongue. "You really like her." It's not like it's not common knowledge, by now. Lils and Jo, they sleep in the same apartment. They have a pet cat. They wear each others clothes, honestly, and they invite Gale over for dinner weekly. Gale's neither stupid or blind , he can see how his best friends are basically a couple without acknowledging their relationship as a couple . "Let it go," Jo tells him, narrowing her eyes at him. "I will cut you in your sleep, let it go." "No," Gale says, "you guys need to acknowledge your feelings like actual adults , and figure out your relationship." "We're," she begins, then stops. Gale and Jo made an unofficial promise not to lie to each other when they began telling each other the raw truth of their past and current lives a year ago. Gale watches that unofficial promise burning Jo's mouth, and knows he trusts her to tell him something real. "I do like her." "Yeah, I know," Gale says. "I like her too. She watches Mint." Jo flips him off. "We're taking a shot every time you mention your dog, you're like an old cat lady except with dogs and you're male." She throws back another vodka shot. He does too, feels the burn all the way down. "I have one dog." "You treat her like she's your baby." Gale thinks of his siblings, of Prim. Thinks of the 5 year-old boy who lives in the floor above him, his name turned out to be Thorn, Gale watches him when his father is away, sometimes. "I don't think you actually know how to handle a kid," he says to Jo, smirking. Jo says, "I had a family too, you know, and Finn fucking loves me. More than you." Gale rolls his eyes. Of course Finn loves Jo more. She visits him and Annie every second month, while Gale has only met him once. "And, you know, Lils is really good with kids." He looks at her pointedly. Jo scowls, carefully avoids his gaze. "She's just really stunning," Jo smiles, small and genuine. Fragile would never be the word to describe Jo, but she sounds as soft as she can get. Her face is lit up by the bar lights, blue and purple and white, unnatural colours gliding along the sharp lines over her cheekbones and nose and lips. Gale thinks she looks beautiful. Thinks Lils feels the exact same way about Jo. He remembers another girl, long braids and eyes like storms and fierce like him, and he lets her wander into the forest. "How you doing?" Johanna asks him, careful, watching. She's got his back, he knows. Maybe the war is over. Maybe he's settled into District 2. Maybe he has a stable income and food source. It's still nice. "I'm good," Gale tells her, "don't worry about me." Jo snorts. Says, "Like you could survive without me and Lils," and offers Gale another shot. The world sighs; he breathes. diclaimer: i don't own the hunger games trilogy or anything about it. this fic was inspired by Feel What It's Like To Be New by electrumqueen on ao3. written for: c/p's wreck yo' self (level: i'm dying) and first sentence prompts challenges.