Most girls have dropped their underwear as soon as I have said my name," I reply with a cheeky grin. "How charming," she replies deadpan as she takes a sip of her drink. I watch her lips wrap around the straw and can't help but imagine what they would feel like wrapped around something else. I have to think of thoughts of my grandma to keep myself calm. "That's nothing. My friend over there sends himself a bottle of champagne pretending it's from a fan so he can show the girl how famous he is," I say leaning in close and tipping my head in Finnick's direction. The red head he is pursuing is now sitting in his lap and not so subtly feeling him up in the bar. The girl turns to me with a look of disgust and I just smile and shrug my shoulders before leaning back against the bar. "So are you going to answer my question? Are you from around here?" I ask more sincerely. The change in tone in my voice surprises her and she looks a bit taken a back. She studies me for a moment before answering. "I was born and raised here, but have been at uni for the last four years. I just came back this week," she says before taking another sip of her drink. I nod my head impressed. "Uni. That's cool. Where did you study?" I ask. "I just completed my masters in maths at Oxford," she states proudly. "Damn it. I knew I should have hit on the blonde with big boobs. I had to hit on the only girl in here with more than 2 brain cells," I say with a grin. This makes her chuckle and she takes a sip of her drink to try and hide it. I can see that I am breaking her down. "Seriously though. Oxford is impressive. And maths that's some tricky shit. Congratulations," I say. She blushes a little when she hears my genuine compliment. This girl continues to fascinate me. I don't meet many university graduates from Oxford. I want to know as much as I can about this girl. She studies me for a moment before speaking. "I can see why university would impress you. There can't be many people that finished school in your line of work," she says teasingly. "I'll have you know I have 8 GSCEs. And I got a B in maths," I say puffing out my chest in mock pride. Footballers are not known for the brains. Most come out of school with very few qualifications. "And they let you play football with those qualifications?" she teases. It is my turn to let out a laugh before I lean in close to her again so are noses are only inches apart. She doesn't flinch from my stare. "It's hard work but as long as I pretend Pi is something you eat they let me play," I say with a cheeky smile. She grins again. "That must be so hard for you," she says sarcastically. I shrug my shoulders before leaning back against the bar. "I study Joey Essex religiously to act as inspiration," I say jokingly. She leans her head back and laughs. The sound of it sends shivers up my spine. I realise I would make a million crappy jokes to hear that sound again. I can't stop the smile from spreading across my face. But then another girl about her age comes over with wavy auburn hair. The girl doesn't notice me as she comes up to the girl I have been talking to for the last few minutes. "I think I just lost brain cells in that toilet. I had to stand there while listening to girls seriously debate if 3 pairs of eyelashes is too many. This is definitely the honey pot for WAG wannabes," this new girl says. The dark haired girl nods her head in agreement. "I was just thinking the same thing. I think we should head for The Hob. It's too cheap for girls like that," she says finishing her drink and picking up her bag. I panic as I realise that the girls are planning to leave and I don't have her number. I jump forward to grab her before she leaves. I catch hold of her forearm and a frisson of energy surges through my body. My touch startles the girl and she looks up at me strangely. "Can I have your number?" I ask. "Maybe I can meet up with you later?" Her friend looks at me confused and turns to the dark haired girl with a questioning look. The girl looks back at me a look of regret as she clutches the strap of her bag tighter. "I don't think that's a good idea," she states a little sadly. I am little confused. We were getting on great a few moments ago. I thought we had made a connection. "Oh come on. We met. We flirted. We engaged in witty banter. The next step is for you to give me your number or at the very least your name," I say leaning in closer to her with a cheeky grin. I don't want to let this girl go. The girl smiles at me sadly before looking down. "My name is the problem," she states. "It can't be that bad. My brother dated a girl named Wiress. No joke," I reply determined to get this girl to go out with me. I need to get to know this girl. She looks up with her sad grey eyes. She stares at me for a few moments her eyes scanning my face. Her lips are slightly parted and shine a little from whatever gloss she has on. I think about leaning in and kissing her right then and there. I don't care about her friend. But then she opens her mouth to speak. "My name is Katniss Everdeen," she replies. Oh shit.