her in your direction for months, but I'm not sure I'm ready to just walk away now. I don't plan to get in your way or screw with you or anything, but I've had some fun with Katniss. So until she says she's with you, sorry, but I'm not going to stop doing what I want here." "I see." So the supermodel really is my competition here. My competition and my ally in whatever crap 13 has planned for us here. "Nothing personal, Gale. Like I said, we're friends, but I'm not ready to drop this just because you finally decided to say something. It does make you wonder though, doesn't it?" "What's that?" Here it comes. "Why do you think she never said anything about your big declaration to me?" Fuck. That's a good damned question. It figures she'd zero in and ask that. "Anyway, I'm hungry. You know if there's any food around here?" "Um, yeah, I told Katniss we'd meet her in whatever dining hall they have here." "Great, let's go." Glimmer smiles and heads off like she doesn't have a care in the world. Weird chick. I just follow. Glimmer Apparently, meals here are all premeasured things. They just hand you a tray and that's what you get. Well that explains why there's no kitchens in the quarters they gave us. Not that one would fit anyway. My closet back in 1 is bigger than the joke of a room I got. Seriously, they've had 75 years and this is the best they can do? What the heck have these people been doing in all this time? Katniss is already here, sitting at a table by herself and Gale and I join her. We trade greetings and I finally bother to look down at what sort of food is actually on this tray. Normally you'd have some sort of meat in a meal. You know, beef, chicken, pork, something like that. Not here though. There's some sort of colorless goop sitting in the middle of the tray. "What the hell is this?" I demand. "I'm not sure. I was hoping you might recognize it. Maybe some weird thing from 1 or some of that instant stuff you said you eat some times?" Katniss answers. "Instant stuff might not compare well to real home cooking, but at least it's recognizable as food. I don't know what the heck this is." Gale pokes the odd substance with his fork. It seems soft, but when pushed it bounces back to its original shape. "Are we supposed to eat this shit?" "It looks like other people are." Katniss says, looking around other table. "Yeah, I don't think so. Anyone seen my cell? I'm ordering a pizza." As if I'd eat this. "What's a cell?" Katniss asks. "What's a pizza?" Gale wants to know. "A cell is a cellular phone. You know, portable phone, no wires, fits in your pocket or purse. And a pizza is food. Tasty takeout food." I forgot how backwater the Seam back in 12 was. "I'm afraid there's no takeout in 13." Beetee says, sitting down with us. "I hope you don't mind if I join you three." "Sure, have a seat." Gale offers. "Why isn't there any takeout in 13? With this stuff a restaurant would clean up here." Seriously, no one here wants to get rich? "There are no independent businesses in 13, and there is no money in District 13." That is Beetee's answer. "How the hell do you run a district with no money?" Gale demands. "Apparently the government runs everything. Clothes are provided, medical services, food, everything in provided and carefully rationed. This food for instance, you couldn't get more if you wanted." "So everyone just gets free shit?" Gale got the shit part right. This food sucks, and everyone around here is wearing these gray jump suits. Seriously ugly stuff. Thank God Cinna somehow got all of us real clothes. "Technically, yes. But jobs here are mandatory. If you don't work, you are incarcerated." "How do you know all this?" I ask. "They require my services, so I spent the afternoon learning about my new employers." "You happen to learn to what this stuff is?" Gale points at the mystery substance on our trays. "I asked when I picked up my tray. Apparently this is a synthesized vitamin enhanced protein substitute." "Uh, I thought protein comes from meat." Gale frowns. "Well, normally, yes. But raising animals for slaughter takes space and resources District 13 lacks. Since everything is underground here, a substitute had to be invented." "This isn't one of your inventions, is it, Beetee?" Good question, Katniss. "Most certainly not." "Ok, then. Katniss, Gale, you two are hunters, right? Can you like, hunt us up some actual food?" This just isn't right. I ate better than this in an arena for God's sake. "Going to the surface is strictly forbidden." Beetee says. "Now if someone was to somehow find some way to the surface, they should keep in mind that it is monitored. Unless they get help from someone with access to District 13's security systems they wouldn't get far at all." Well, I think I know what we're going to do to pass the time until our friends and families get here. Author's Notes: So here it is, the third part to my Hunger Games series. It's a little later than I had planned, too. I would have liked to have written 10-15 chapters in advance so I could guarantee I'd always be able to release chapters weekly, but it didn't work out that way. There are a few written and I'll try to do weekly releases, but I can't guarantee I'll manage to keep that pace up. Thanks a lot to that-fan who's helped me along developing and editing this story. And of course, I'd love to hear from readers. So if you have something to say please leave me a review. I really appreciate it. Thanks.