skills that are useful in a place like Charleston, so she's done stuff trying to pretty the place up. It meant a ton of clearing out the scrub and jungle and all that kind of junk basically. After that was making places for gardens and areas for plants and all that. Now that spring is almost here I imagine she'll be planting stuff soon. For now though it's just empty and apparently a good place for a private conversation between Katniss and I. "Something on your mind?" I smile at Katniss. "You know exactly what's on my mind." From the look on her face I guess Katniss isn't amused. "Not a fan of that plan I'm guessing." "Glimmer, the thing was practically custom made for you. It's no secret we aren't exactly 100% on board with this war anymore and now all of a sudden bam, here's this mission that everyone knows you'll love." "Katniss, they're going to make us fly. Like actually fly. You're telling me that doesn't sound absolutely amazing?" "See, that's exactly what I mean, that look in your eyes right there. It's like you've forgotten all of last year." "I haven't forgotten, Katniss. But, well, ok, how about this. What do you want to do?" Katniss stops and thinks for a while. "I don't really know. If it was just this one district, then maybe. But even if it all works and we win, we're still one short. It doesn't sound like much, but Haymitch keeps saying we need four…." "I'm not sure we should just say no because of what might have to happen after. Let's just look at this one mission." "No, if we go do this we'll be on the hook for more. Everyone will go on how we had a chance to say no, we didn't and now we have a responsibility to keep going and all that. You know exactly how it'll go." She's right, I do. It'll be like that argument with Gale yesterday, just scaled way up. "I guess we could do something about that. We are in charge and all,so we just tell Haymitch that it's up to that other team of Finnick, Johanna and Enobaria to take a district on their own, without our help at all, or the whole war thing doesn't happen." "That sounds kind of selfish, Glimmer. Holding the whole thing hostage like that?" "So what? We've risked our lives, had all this terrible stuff happen to us, I'm tired of it. We brought those three to actually do things. The way I see it if they can't pull their own weight then screw it. I didn't propose this war planning to have to actually personally kill each and every Peacekeeper in Panem. So Haymitch and them find some way to make it happen or screw it, we go scavenge malls and play video games and crap full time." "So you want to actually do it then? Go back to fighting?" "Well, I didn't say that specifically. Just how we could do this one mission and not be on the hook for everything else." "But you do want to do it," Katniss insists. "I'm not exactly hard to read I guess? It's a chance to fly, that sounds awesome. How can I say no to that?" "It's not just a chance to fly. We could get Cinna to make us those wing suit things, whatever they are without the war." "I know," I agree. "But Katniss, you know I'm the sort to fight; it's just who I am." "But what about all the stuff we've been doing all winter? The exploring, finding all kinds of lost things, helping people around town, heck just hanging out and doing whatever we feel like, you don't want to do all that anymore?" There's almost a hint of desperation creeping into Katniss' voice. "I like that stuff, it's been a really fun winter, the best I've had in years it's just…." I trail off. "You know what, I'm fine either way. Whatever you want to do is fine." "What?" "It's up to you. I'll be ok either way. Do what you think is best, what you can live with and be happy with and whatever it is I'm good with it." "You're just dumping this on me? What the heck, Glimmer?" "I'm not dumping it on you, I don't want to do that at all. But really, I can live with either outcome. If it was just me, yeah, I know what I'd do, but it isn't just me. It's both of us, and I care a lot more about you being happy than I do about my desire to hurt Snow and his minions." "So I decide how the entire war will go." "Katniss, I told you a while ago that if you ever wanted to walk away from all that I'd back you, no questions asked. That hasn't changed. So just do what you can live with, what will make you happy, and either way, I'm with you." Yeah, I know Katniss probably thinks it's unfair to make her decide everything, but really I don't see another way. I don't want to push her either way, and if I didn't totally back off this decision I'm pretty sure I would. Me? Yeah, I'd probably do it. I default to fighting usually, and flying is just too cool to pass up. But this life Katniss and I have had all winter isn't a bad one; I could totally live with this. So it's all up to Katniss now. Author's Notes: So part four has started. And for those wondering about the title, it's Latin for 'On Uncertain Wings'. Or so Google tells me. Machine translation is not the most perfect of things. Of course, thanks to that-fan for his help with this. And thanks as well to people who've stuck with me and read all the way to this fourth story in the series. I appreciate it.