actually takes her share. "You want to split a bowl of Greasy Sae's soup?" I ask Katniss. "No, I can't. Dinner's waiting back home. There's plenty for you too you know." "I don't know, Katniss.." "Come on Gale, you must be tired from carrying that heavy thing. Think of it as payback for not helping get the deer here." "Oh all right." I sigh. Sometimes I give in to requests like this, sometimes not. Honestly I'm not that comfortable at Katniss' new house; it just doesn't feel like her, or me for that matter. But we're friends, so I compromise sometimes. "Oh, I still have to give you your share of the coins too, Katniss." "Oh, I'll um, I'll get them from you when we get back to my house." I don't push it. It wouldn't help; Katniss can be as stubborn as me sometimes. It's not a long walk to Katniss' absurdly large house. We go in and see Prim setting the table. Once she hears the door open she turns and waves. "Hiya Gale. Hiya Katniss. Good timing, we're almost ready to eat." The past half year's been good to Prim. Katniss always made sure Prim had enough to eat and was taken care of as well as any Seam child (sometimes Katniss did this at the cost of her own food and health.) But even the best of intentions and the greatest of efforts can fall short in the Seam. Of course now that's not an issue. Now it's not just food, Prim has new clothes, money to take care of her cat and goat (no, money hasn't made the cat friendlier or cuter. I suspect even Capitol science might reach it limits there) and Prim's carefree attitude and smile aren't at constant risk of being lost. After all, in the Seam there was never a margin of error, but now Katniss can afford anything Prim may ever need. The girl can live her entire life and never know hardship, and to be honest, I'm delighted. Prim's as good as my own little sister, and whatever distance there may be between Katniss and I, there's nothing like that with Prim. Dinner at the Everdeens' is still similar to how it always was. Granted, there's more food and a lot more variety than we can bring back from the woods and it may be a dining room, but somehow it still feels similar. Katniss and I never poke at each other in public like we do in the woods so that same familiarity we used to have creeps in again. It's one of those moments with my Catnip instead of the Capitol's Katniss, so even though I feel a bit guilty just taking their food like this, it doesn't bother me as much as it probably should. Just as we're finishing up eating the doorbell rings. (Why does that even exist? What's wrong with just knocking?) "I'll get it." Prim announces, going to the door. She opens it and sees Madge on the other side. "Oh, Madge, hi. Come on in." Madge comes inside and waves to us all. She started hanging around during the Games. I wasn't much a fan of it, or her, but rather than take the hint (it wasn't a very subtle one) she actually yelled at me. I'll give her credit for that. She's a rich girl, Mayor's daughter and all that, but she's Katniss' friend and actually had some guts, so I put up with it. And honestly, she wasn't so bad, it was actually sort of nice to have one more person there during the Games. She never really fit in at the old Seam house though. It's like she was always too well dressed, too well mannered for that place; it just was a mismatch and she knew it. Here though, it's just the opposite. She fits in perfectly in this mansion, far better than me, or Katniss for that matter. The huge rooms, the plush furniture, the huge TV, it's all familiar to Madge and she fits in perfectly. I've never really looked around her house. Hell I've only ever been in the place once, but I imagine it's similar. So yeah, she looks like she belongs in a place like this. Me? I spent the first two weeks worrying I was tracking mud in the house. (For the record I was, I've gotten better about it though.) Madge is sitting on the couch playing video games with Prim now. Those two are actually a pretty good match. Prim was always weird for a Seam girl; blonde, blue eyed, always smiling and happy. Finally she's somewhere she fits in. It's good to see. The video games though? That's a step too far for me. Prim loves them, Madge too, even Katniss plays, but I could never get into them. They're just too weird, too much going on, everything's moving and flashing and trying to get my attention. It's just weird and artificial. Madge is here playing with Prim and Katniss practically every day, and to me that's usually my cue to leave. This is more a Capitol Katniss sort of thing than a Catnip sort of thing, and besides, I have my own family to get back to, so I say my goodbyes and head home. Author's Notes: So there it is, chapter 1 of the sequel people asked for. I hope everyone likes it. It was a bit of a rush to get a new, longer (the rough plan is for 21 chapters) story planned out and a chapter done in this time frame, so I hope it came out ok. I know the pacing is quite a bit different from the previous story, but Katniss and Glimmer's lives are quite a bit different too. Thanks to my friend JB for help with editing. Like always I'd love to hear from anyone with something to say, so please, review. I hope you all enjoyed it. Thanks for reading.