the counter. The sound is so clear and loud that the whole bar falls silent. Peeta falls to the ground clutching his face as Thom drops down to throw in a few more punches . The sounds of Thom's knuckles crunching against Peeta's skin and Peeta's moans are the only sounds that fill the room. I rush around the other side of the bar to put a stop to it. I can't believe I let this happen. I should have cut Peeta off hours ago and when it was clear to me that he was drinking to forget. Just like I suspected, he's not really putting a fight back against Thom and lets Thom hit him again and again. Probably as punishment for losing the girl in the first place. I race forward and clutch Thom's shoulders to pull him back. He's panting and I can feel his body tremble with anger but I manage to get him to stop punching. "Stop. I won't have this nonsense in my bar. Everyone get out. It's time to go home," I declare. Delly comes up to put an arm around Thom and he looks down at Peeta with disgust. The bar has gone silent as they see him twitching on the floor. But I know they will all clear out soon. I may be small but they know I mean business when I intervene. No one wants to be barred from the only bar in town. "Go back to where you came from," Thom spits at Peeta. "I don't want you touching my girlfriend again." Peeta is barely conscious and I worry that he's got concussion. Thom squeezes Delly tighter to him, kisses the top of her head and then walks with her out the door. The other patrons follow soon after. Peeta is left lying bloody and bruised on the ground. I go back to the counter to get some ice and cold cloth and press it against his swollen eye. "You go looking for trouble," I sigh. Peeta winces as I place the cold compress against his eye but says nothing to contradict me. Uncle Haymitch decides to finally come back through after sneaking away about an hour ago. He frowns at the empty bar and then looks down at where I am nursing Peeta. "What in hell happened here?" he asks. "It seems the new guy wanted a fight. He tried to feel up Delly in front of Thom," I say. Peeta winces as I get him up into a sitting position and check his other wounds. "Jesus, kid. Of all the men to pick a fight with. You must have a death wish," Uncle Haymitch says as he pours himself another drink and comes to sit on a chair near Peeta and me. "Well, I was wrestling champion at school," Peeta replies. He gives me a crooked smile and I let out a small laugh as I begin wiping the blood from around his eye. "You didn't use any of your moves in that fight. You just let him hit you," I say. "I deserve it," he replies solemnly, the grin dropping from his face. Uncle Haymitch and I share a worried look. We both recognise the pain in his voice. This man may be the most lost of us all. I should be mad at Peeta for coming into my bar and starting a fight but his pain is too familiar. I know what it is like to lose someone and the helplessness and guilt you feel for losing them. I find myself wishing I could have helped Peeta more when he asked about the girl. We are all quiet for a long time as I clean up the rest of Peeta's wounds. He lets out a small shout of pain every now and again but on the whole is a relatively good patient. I'm worried about concussion though and I'm a little scared about letting him walk out of here alone. "Where are you staying tonight?" I ask. He just shrugs his shoulders as he looks down at the floor. "I think I saw a motel about a mile away," he replies. I shake my head at him in disbelief. "I can't let you stay there by yourself. You might have concussion," I say. Peeta then turns to me with a small smile. "What else do you suggest, bartender Katniss?" he asks. I quickly look to Uncle Haymitch who gives me a nod of the head. I sigh as I turn back to Peeta. "You're coming home with me. I have a very comfy couch you can sleep on," I say as I put my arms around him to pull him up. Peeta sways slightly on his feet once he is standing and I have to stick my hands out to steady him again. He wobbles as he leans his head in closer to me. "Just to let you know, I don't normally let strange women take me home the first night I meet them," he says with a smile. I roll my eyes at him. At least he seems to be joking again. Though I suspect he uses humour to deflect things. He stumbles forward again and I have to reach out to catch him. I put my arm around him as I prepare to take him back to my apartment. "Damn it. Drunk and beaten up men are just my type!" I reply jokingly. Peeta laughs and I realise it is the first time I have heard it tonight. It's a deep laugh that warms my heart. I suddenly wish I heard it more tonight. As I half support, half carry Peeta back to my apartment I wonder what exactly happened to stop him laughing so much. There is a lot of pain there and I don't know if I will ever be privileged enough to know exactly what caused it. But I realise, that if he lets me, I want to help him.