least 30. You're going to be a daddy's girl as long as possible. I know it will be hard for you. You are beautiful just like your mummy and you'll have all the guys chasing you." I opened my eyes to see Peeta sat in the chair by my bed and holding Ivy in his arms. The little girl was staring up at her father with rapt attention. It seemed he had managed to charm her just as easily as he had charmed me. "30 is a bit harsh," I said sitting up and leaning over to them. Peeta broke his gaze from our daughter to give me a warm smile. "I thought I was being very generous. No boy is ever going to be good enough for her anyway," he joked. I smiled and rested my head against his shoulder as we both went back to watching our daughter. I had never felt so contented. For a brief moment it felt like we were a proper family. I was allowed to leave the hospital after the next day. Peeta had spent the night at my house setting up for our return and spent the day fussing over both Ivy and I. Our relationship had never felt as normal as it did those 2 days. I could pretend that we were just a boyfriend and girlfriend who were in love and enjoying being new parents. I didn't think about Madge. I was looking forward to getting Ivy home. There I could really start my life with her and get to grips with motherhood. I knew Peeta would have to go back at some point but I didn't want to think about that until it happened. He held the door open for me as I stepped inside with Ivy in her car seat and put her down on the table. He brought in the bags while my housemate, Johanna, came over to coo at Ivy. "You did good, Brainless. She's pretty cute," she said. "That's because she is not scowling like her mother," Peeta said as he came in and put an arm around me. I turned to give him a scowl and Johanna laughed. "Yeah. This must have been what Katniss looked like without the frown lines," Johanna replied. Peeta grinned. I pouted, annoyed that they were making fun of me. Peeta leaned in to give me a kiss on the side of my head. "I happen to love that scowl," he whispered and I felt myself soften as a result. Peeta always knew the right thing to say. Johanna left us soon after and we began settling Ivy in. A couple of hours later and she was sleeping soundly in her cot. Peeta and I watched her peacefully. However Peeta pulled away from me and started to move towards the door. "I better get going. I promised Jamie I would make it to his sports day," he said. I spun round to look at him. "You are not staying? It's Ivy's first day home," I said. I thought I had more time with him. I thought I would get this one day. I was still scared that I didn't know what I was doing. That I was going to mess up. I needed him. "I've been gone 3 days. I need to get back or Madge will get suspicious," he replied. "It is just one more night. She gets all the other ones. Why can't you stay?" I said. He looked at me sadly. "Don't make this harder on me. It's killing me to leave you both right now. I'd love nothing more than to stay with you both but I can't let my son down," he said. A sudden realisation hit me. No matter how much he loved me and Ivy he was always going to choose Madge and his sons over us. Choose his real family. I was stupid to think anything else would have happened. "This is how it is always going to be isn't it? Sneak in a couple of hours with us before you go back to your real family. We are always just going to be your dirty little secret," I said bitterly. "Don't say that," he said. I turned my back on him and reached into Ivy's cot. "Just go. I don't want to keep you from your real family," I said. He stood in the doorway for a few moments before turning and leaving. I had to blink back the tear that threatened to fall as I heard the door shut behind him. I spent the night being woken every 2 hours by Ivy. I was exhausted and couldn't stop my mind from replaying my last conversation with Peeta. He had texted later to ask how Ivy was but I just ignored it. For the first time I realised what it meant to have a child with him. Ivy was never going to come first. No matter how much he loved her, she was only going to get secret visits from him. Probably no more than an hour or two at a time. She was always going to be kept in the background, out of sight for the majority of the time. My daughter deserved more than that. She deserved a father that was always going to be there for her no matter what. She deserved a father who was proud to call her his own. It wasn't fair that Madge's children got all that. Ivy was as much his child as they were. It wasn't fair that they got the majority of his time. I wanted my daughter to have her equal share. She was not going to be his secret. The next morning after I fed Ivy I sat down and picked up the phone. I dialled the number carefully and waited as it ran a few times before someone answered. I took a deep breath before speaking. "Mrs Mellark? It's Katniss Everdeen. We met at the Christmas party…."