Not that you need it, but if you pick up something in the next two years that will help you, then all the better. And it's better to win at eighteen than sixteen, anyway. The anticipation builds up more." It's the closest his father has ever come to giving him a compliment. December 72 ADD After his Victory Tour, Nero makes a dramatic appearance at the Academy. Cato does his best to steer clear of the other boy's ego, but he still ends up overhearing Nero boasting about his travels throughout the country. And then, because his adoring crowd is mostly younger boys, Nero brags about all the girls he's met, in the Capitol and in the Districts. Cato rolls his eyes when Nero declares how Ember Abernathy was totally into him when he was in Twelve. She's got better taste than that. Then Cato wonders why he cares. June 73 ADD Cato agrees to watch the Reapings recap this year, because it's good to get an idea of what the other Districts are offering up for the Games. One and Two have the best tributes, as usual. Four's tributes have been declining in quality over the past decade—Finnick Odair was the last real good one, and Annie Cresta was a fluke more than anything. There's the occasional unexpected contender from the other Districts, a girl from Six with impressive muscles and a boy from Nine with a scheming, cunning glint in his eyes. The girl from Twelve's name is not Ember Abernathy. Despite himself, Cato feels himself relaxing. December 73 ADD The council has unanimously agreed to put Cato on the list of candidates. Father says if they voted today, he would be selected as volunteer. Cato works harder than ever to prove that he's worthy of being their choice. He resolutely turns his back on the TV as he passes the living room on his way in and out of the house, to and from the Academy gym. He can't afford any distractions beyond the occasional mindless hook-up. If his latest fling has dark hair and blue eyes, he ignores that fact. June 74 ADD Cato volunteers, and the crowd in Two cheers him on. On the train, he and Clove sit with their mentors to watch the recap and get a sense of their competition. It takes all his effort not to groan upon District 12. As soon as Cedric Abernathy is called up, Cato knows what's going to happen, regardless of whose name is on the girl's slip. "I'm trying to teach him how to say my name, but he just babbles right now." There's no way she'll let her little brother go into the arena without her. Cato doesn't even notice whose name is called when it's time for the girls. She volunteers, and that's all that matters. You silly, stupid… He sighs mentally. Despite himself, he notices that Ember Abernathy has indeed become quite pretty. He doesn't know how to feel about Twelve's parade costumes. They were, in a word, dazzling. Part of him is annoyed, because their act was sure to have diverted some potential sponsors away from Two. But another part of him was just as awed as the Capitol audiences were, when he looked up at the big screens along the parade route and saw her and Cedric aflame. Afterwards, he finally, finally gets to lay eyes on her for the first time. Her, not a bunch of pixels on a screen designed to take on her appearance. Her. The makeup on her face is dramatic, but he mentally wipes it away. She and her brother have wandered nearby, to talk to one of the mentors from District 3. Up close, she isn't just pretty. She is magnificent. She lifts her head and looks around. Her gaze lands on him. Cato has seen bluer and prettier eyes, but without the camera filtering them, he realizes she doesn't need fake flames—she already has fire, and he realizes now that no lens has ever been able to adequately capture it. Dangerous habits. If Cato isn't careful, Ember Abernathy is going to distract him. He absolutely cannot afford any distractions, not when he's so close to achieving everything he's worked for since he was born. He cannot be distracted by the girl who smeared ice cream all over her brother. He cannot be distracted by the girl who sulked over a newborn Cedric. He cannot be distracted by the girl who stuck out her tongue at Enobaria. He cannot be distracted by the girl who wholeheartedly believed Ashton would win. He cannot be distracted by the girl who helped make Gloss look silly on camera. He cannot be distracted by the girl who pitied the District 12 tributes who came before her, knowing that someday she would be one of them. He cannot be distracted by the girl whose relationship with her older sister has inexplicably broken. He cannot be distracted by the girl who volunteered so she could protect her little brother. He cannot be distracted by the Girl on Fire. Cato's stare turns sharp, foreboding, dark. And Ember takes up the challenge, glaring back at him before dismissing him and turning her back on him. He watches as she and Cedric walk away. Realization sits heavily in his chest: for all that he can try, he will most certainly be distracted by Ember Abernathy. She's going to be the death of him. " Something about first love defies duplication. Before it, your heart is blank. Unwritten. After, the walls are left inscribed and graffitied… No amount of scrubbing will purge the scrawled oaths and sketched images." -Tammara Webber To continue this story, I recommend you go read The Sweetest Mockery. :) Thanks for reading, and please review! I've been contemplating creating a compilation of Little Cato Stories (as if I don't already have enough to work on, hahaha) if people are interested in reading more about a younger version of my Cato.