hair tousled in large golden curls across the pillow. Her face broke out in a small smile at the sight; she couldn't help it, he was irresistibly cute in the morning light. Perhaps her light shuffling alerted him, because a moment later he broke out in a yawn and opened his eyes groggily, arms tightening instinctively against her. At the sight of her in his arms he stiffened, blinking rapidly before breaking out in a wide smile. "Mornin'." He said hoarsely, blue eyes bleary and bright. "Sleep okay?" "Yah, how about you?" She responded tentatively. "Never better, to be honest." He replied sincerely. He could sense her hesitation, and his brow furrowed in worry. "Katniss…last night was as incredible as I remember it to be, real or not real?" Her lips quirked up slightly. "Real." "Good." He sighed, running his fingers through her hair lightly. "You don't…you don't regret it, do you? That's the last thing I want you to feel." "No…I don't regret it." She said slowly. He hummed thoughtfully. "But you aren't happy?" He asked with a sad sigh. She shook her head rapidly. "No, that's not it. I'm just…worried." "Worried? About what?" His face creased in confusion, and she nibbled her bottom lip uncertainly. "…I'm not good at explaining myself. I just…it's embarrassing." She blushed, realizing how stupid she probably sounded. She could allow herself to say what she had said to him last night without hesitation, but here, when it should be simpler, she struggled most. "Katniss." Peeta said hoarsely, chuckling to himself. "After how much of a bumbling idiot I was yesterday at the sight of you, and after finding out I spent months unknowingly raving about you to your best friends, I'm pretty sure I'm going to win in the embarrassed department." She smirked at the thought, and his cheeks flushed pink again at the memory. She took a deep breath and tried to be brave with her words, like he was. "I'm just worried you'll think less of me, because I was, you know, too bold, or…I don't usually, you know, um, sleep with people like this, I just…" She flushed, floundering for words, and to her surprise he broke out in a relieved grin. "Is that all?" He shook his head in awe. "Katniss, I could never think less of you. If anything, I feel bad that I couldn't contain myself better." He looked over her face carefully, a shy smile on his face. "You should never feel bad for acting on your feelings. And, for the record, I'm happy that you don't, you know, make this sleeping with people thing a regular occurrence, because to be honest I'd really like to keep you all to myself." She couldn't help it; she leant forward and captured his lips in a happy kiss, bringing her hand up to cup his jaw. He groaned happily into her mouth at the unexpected touch, relaxing against her mouth and easing his tongue against hers eagerly. His hands dragged up her body lazily, tugging her over to splay across his chest. After a few moments, he pulled away with a contented smile on his face. "I could really get used to waking up next to you naked in the morning." He said with a laugh, eyes dropping down her form appreciatively, and she blushed happily at his admission. "Yah? Well, I'm pretty fond of this morning stubble you've got going on, myself. Sounds like a fair deal." She replied, and he pulled her in for another kiss, her hands buried deeply into his curls. Just as he shifted up into her body, allowing her to feel his hard length along her stomach, the bedroom door was opened with a bang by a bewildered Finnick. "Shit –" Peeta cried out, reaching hastily for the sheet to pull it up over her nude form atop of him, to which Katniss clutched herself to his chest, mortified. "Finn! Knock!" She cried exasperatedly, who still stood at the door with a look of shock on his face. It didn't take long; a few moments later he had broken out into his infamously mischievous grin. "Mellark, nicely done! Looks like you really were on the prowl last night after all, eh kitty Kat?" He said with a seductive wink. "Finnick, come on man! Get out!" Peeta yelled at him indignantly with an awkward laugh. Katniss giggled beneath the sheets, unable to contain herself. After a moment, Peeta joined in, while Finnick grinned at them sheepishly from the door. "Sorry guys, I don't know what it is about me walking in on people these days…um, I'll let the girls know I found you." He tiptoed exaggeratingly out of the room, closing the door behind them, leaving Peeta looking every bit as bewildered by what had just happened as Finnick had when he'd first walked in. "At least Gale and Undersee had their pants on when I caught them in the act…" They heard his voice mumble outside the door, and Katniss leant up to kiss Peeta's face again with a happy smile, allowing herself to be lost in the feel of him. He chuckled into her mouth, pulling her body down beside him and crawling atop of her, hands running firmly along her body approvingly. They stayed there until Gale threatened to leave without them nearly two hours later. He showed up at her apartment the next night with flowers and a box of cheese buns, dressed in dark jeans and that light blue t-shirt. She took one look at him and tugged him inside, crashing her lips to his. They never made it outside past her doorstep. When Johanna grumbled incessantly the next few weeks about how little sleep she got, Katniss would smile sweetly back, saying it was only fair. Peeta, being the typically good, kind, and thoughtful person that he was, started bringing her cheese buns, too. It took them over three weeks to go on an official date. Fin.