older every time you go to be with your "real" family." "I love Ivy. I will do everything to make sure she is happy and safe. How do you think having her father chucked out of his own house is going to be good for her?" he demands. The situation is quickly spiralling out of control. Neither of us are going to admit we are wrong. Neither is willing to forgive the other for their actions. "You are so selfish," I say with a bitter laugh. "You will only do things for Ivy if they are in your best interest." Peeta shakes his head fiercely. His cheeks have gone pink with all his shouting. I only hope his words don't wake Ivy. "You have just ruined my life. And not just mine. You are saying you did this to protect Ivy but did you even stop and think what this is going to do to my sons? I have to go back tomorrow and tell them that I am moving out. This is going to devastate them. They are going to lose their father because of you," he says poking me roughly in the chest. This causes me to stop and think. I didn't think about his sons. I have never stopped to think how my relationship with their father was going to affect them. I realise that they and Ivy are the innocent victims in this story. But I am still angry and don't have it in me to stop and apologies for the hurt I will cause his sons. And it irks me that their pain is more important to him than my daughter's. "News flash for you Peeta. You ruined your own life. You were the one that asked me to dinner that first night. You were the one to suggest we go back to mine. You were the one who told me you loved me after we ended things those 2 months. This relationship has been all you," I shout back. I am not going to take the blame for all this. I didn't seduce him and make him do all these things. He was equally responsible for the start of the relationship and all the bad decisions we have made since. Peeta lets out a bitter laugh and runs a frustrated hand through his hair. "I didn't think you would do this to me. You say you love me," he says a lot more calmly. My heart clenches at his words. I do love him. Even now, after we have screamed the living daylights out of each other, my heart still pounds at the sight of him. I still want to reach out to him and kiss away his pain. I still want him to take me in his arms and hold me. To tell me that Ivy and I are all he needs. But I don't because now I have someone more important in my life and I can't be weak for her. "I do," I reply. "But I love my daughter more." Peeta huffs and runs another agitated hand through his hair. "I can't be around you right now. I don't think I can forgive you," he says coolly. My heart drops at his words of rejection but I know it is the right thing to let him go now. It is not good for Ivy to hear her parents shouting. As if on cue she starts screaming and both Peeta and I snap our heads in the direction of the noise. Peeta is moving past me before I have time to think and heads up the stairs to her room. "I'll get her," he says gruffly as he brushes past me. He bounds up the stairs 2 at a time in a rush to get to our daughter. I follow him shortly after and push the door slightly to peek in and see them. He sits on the rocking chair with Ivy cradled in his arms. He rocks back and forth on the chair as he recites some nonsense poem about a zoo. Ivy's big blue eyes look up at him as he speaks, transfixed by the sound. I have always loved the sound of his voice. Deep and velvety. It can calm even the grumpiest person. My heart clenches at the sight of them together. It amazes me how his eyes can be clouded with anger one minute and full of love for our daughter the next. He may have many faults but loving his children is not one of them. Soon Ivy's eyelids drop and she is snoozing softly in her father's arms. Peeta rocks her for a few more moments before leaning forward to place a kiss on the top of her head and placing her back in her cot. He brushes a bit of hair off her face as he looks down at her lovingly as she sleeps. "I love you sweetie. I'll be back real soon," he says before leaning down to give her another kiss. I can see the torment in his eyes at the prospect of leaving her. Even after having Madge chuck him out the hardest part for him in all of this is leaving his children. However his eyes turn cold as he turns and sees me. He clenches his bottom jaw as he makes his way towards me. "I'll be in touch about when I can next see Ivy," he says coldly. There is a brief pause before he says the next thing. "I hate you for what you did today." I flinch a little at his harsh words but in my heart know I did the right thing for my daughter. He walks past me and lets himself out without looking back. A/N: I know things are bad at the moment but bare with me. It will become apparent soon that both Katniss and Peeta have a lot of issues and it will take them a while to figure them out.