in the woods their skill sets are different. So I've been feeding the careers all the info I have on Gale and telling them it's what Katniss can do. I've heard enough details to be plenty believable. I guess it helps I have an honest face too. My plan's actually been working. They've got no idea Glimmer's carrying around the weapon Katniss needs. Instead they're looking for snares and traps and that sort of thing, thinking stray bits of rope on the ground are their biggest threats. I bet they never even imagined Katniss could even climb a tree. When we saw Katniss in that stream, though, it all broke down. It doesn't matter what sort of traps you think someone might have waiting for you when you see them a few dozen yards away, running for their life. Definitely not the reunion I hoped for. When Glimmer shot at Katniss all I could do is hold my breath. When Cato started climbing after her I broke out in a cold sweat. I don't know what I would have done if they'd gotten her. Die I guess, since the careers would be out of reasons to keep me alive. Unfortunately no matter how clever I thought my plan was, I didn't have anything in it for this . The best I could do was stall and suggest we make camp. At least it buys a night for me to think of something, or hope that somehow Katniss does. As the hours wear on and the evening turns to the dead of night I'm getting more and more worried. I might have been the guy with the big plan so far, but I'm drawing a blank now that it really counts. Maybe in the few remaining hours I'll have some brilliant inspiration, but right now, laying on my back staring up into the tree she's stuck in, I think I might have to depend on her for something to get her out of that tree Because I've got nothing. Katniss The sky is just starting to get light when something wakes me up. I'm not sure what it could be. This tree isn't that uncomfortable as trees go, and after the past two nights I'm certainly used to sleeping in them. But whatever it was, the timing isn't terrible. It's about the right time to finish cutting that tracker jacker nest down. Ouch! What was that? I was about to look down and see if the Careers were asleep when something hit me. I look around and what do I see? Glimmer standing at the base of my tree throwing acorns at me. Really? Trapping me here isn't enough, the girl has to annoy me with acorns too? I give her the best dirty look I can muster and she just puts a finger to her lips telling me to be quiet and gestures for me to come down. Seriously? This is her master plan to get me out of the tree? I know she probably can get any male to do whatever she wants looking the way she does, but come on! Does she really think this lame brained plan will work? She rolls her eyes at me and gestures harder. Yeah, right, wave your arms harder, that'll work. Seeing I'm not convinced she takes out her bow and waves it above her head. Great. Now she's taunting me. I wish I could have just slept in. But before I can start calling her names in my head (and maybe out loud), she does the absolute last thing I ever expected her to do: she throws the bow up at me. She's obviously not trying to use it as a weapon, she throws it with a perfect gentle arc right to my waiting hand. Ok, now I'm officially confused. Armed, but confused. I stare at the bow in my hands for a few seconds before looking down at the (probably insane) Career below me. She flashes me a smile and gestures for me to come down again. The girl may be insane, but she certainly has my attention. Maybe it's a trap, but if it is it's a bad one; I still have that arrow she shot at me last night. I stare at her for a bit, considering my options. One way or another I have to get out of this tree, and my current plan to drop a tracker jacker nest on the Careers unnoticed is obviously out. I think about it, and I can't come up with any sort of plan B, so, I decide to take my chances with Glimmer. If it's a trap, at least I have one arrow to take her with me. I quickly and quietly untie myself from the tree, nock my lone arrow and start making my way down. I stop about ten feet off the ground and give Glimmer a look that Gale would understand to mean Ok, now what? Glimmer's no Gale, but she seems to get the gist at least. She puts a finger to her lips to tell me to stay quiet (duh!) and points away from the Career camp. I'm not sure what she means at first, but when she starts walking in that direction I figure it out; she's leading me out of here. I drop to the ground, and with just a quick look to make sure the rest of the Careers are still asleep I set out after her. Author's Notes: Well, there it is, chapter one. I hope everyone enjoyed it. Honestly, it's the first time I've written something first person like that, and I hope the somewhat stream of consciousness style made sense. Thanks a lot to Pinklove21 for all her help, advice, suggestions, edits and in general hand holding, and thanks to my friend JB for his help as well.. You've both been great, I really appreciate everything. As always, comments, questions and reviews are welcome, and thanks for reading!