all the diner and Ava," I reply. Prim laughs. "Stories about Ava make my day. What adventures has she been up to recently?" she asks. "She managed to put Dad's fish hooks in the washing machine. Cost me $200 dollars to repair it," I reply. "Ouch. You should have blamed Dad for leaving them within her reach," Prim says. I laugh and then dig out Ava's most recent drawing. "Dinosaurs are her new thing at the moment. I've got so many pictures of them and we make junk models of them whenever we have a spare moment," I add. Prim takes the picture off me and her eyes widen. "Wow. This is amazing. I can't draw this good and I'm twenty-four. She definitely didn't inherit her drawing ability from you," she says. I tense and snatch the picture off her. Prim looks up at me confused. "Don't," I say. "Don't insinuate that she's like him." Prim sighs and shifts Jacob in her arms. "Come on, Katniss. Half her DNA is his. You just need to look into her eyes to see what she's inherited from him," she says. I shake my head fiercely. "I don't want her to be anything like him. She's not going to turn out like him," I say. "I hardly think being good at drawing means she will follow in his footsteps. Not everything about him was bad, Katniss," she replies. I shake my head, putting an end to the conversation. I don't want to see her similarities with him. I have to drag Ava away from the park as dinner draws closer. Prim and I part with a hug and I promise to make more of an effort to see her. I tell Rooba that I will drop the twins back with Madge and the three kids argue about the Frozen soundtrack as I drive the boys back home. I'm exhausted when I get back home but Ava still hasn't run out of energy and bounds into the house to greet her grandparents. "Grandpa! I found a spider in the park! I was really brave and picked it up but Aiden and Hunter got scared and ran away," Ava exclaims as she clambers up on to my dad's lap. I've been living back with my parents since Darius and I broke up. Cash is a bit tight at the moment and when things get busy at the diner it's handy having my parents around to look after Ava. Ava loves them both, particularly my dad and he takes her out to the woods on a regular basis. "That's pretty brave of you. How big was the spider?" Dad asks. "This big!" Ava says, putting her hands out to slightly exaggerate the size of the spider. "Wow! That's a really scary one. Are you sure it's not one that eats little girls?" Dad says. He then tickles Ava in the stomach and she giggles loudly. They are soon wrestling with each other on the couch. "A whole afternoon in the park still hasn't tired her out, I see," Mom says. "She never stops moving. She must drive her teacher nuts," I reply. Mom laughs and spends a moment longer watching Ava and Dad before turning into the kitchen. "How was Prim?" Mom asks. "Tired. But's she a natural with Jacob. I need to see her more. I think she's getting a bit lonely," I reply. "I think I'll pop round tomorrow. Maybe bring her some apple pie," Mom says. "She'd like that," I reply. I spend a moment helping Mom prepare dinner before wiping my hands on a towel and straightening up. "I better wrangle my little rascal off Dad. Just shout if you need me to do anything else," I say. Mom nods her head and I go back through to get my daughter. Her and Dad are now making different animal noises at each other and I shake my head. "Okay, Ava. That's enough. You need to do your reading before dinner and you're having a bath tonight," I say. The animal noises stop and Ava turns to pout at me. "But I had a bath yesterday," she whines. "No, you didn't. You had one two days ago and you are getting smelly," I say. I lean down to sniff Ava and make a show of scrunching and wafting my nose. "Euurgh! I think you're going to need TWO baths!" I exclaim. "No!" Ave replies with a smile. I grin back at her before hoisting her up. "If you read your story two times to me, I'll let you only have one bath," I say. "Okay. Race you upstairs!" Ava giggles. I smile again before putting her down and letting her scamper off to get her reading book. Even when Ava is in bed I still have work to do. I leave Mom and Dad watching some nature documentary and sit at the kitchen table with the diner's accounts in front of me. I put on my glasses and peer at the pages, hoping everything adds up. It must be close to eleven o'clock when the doorbell goes. I look up from the accounts and frown. We're not expecting anyone but in a town this small it's not too unusual for someone to pop round unannounced, even late at night. I push off my chair and call through to Mom and Dad. "I'll get it," I say. Dad shouts back his thanks and I just hope the bell hasn't woken Ava. I pull the door back and get the shock of my life when I see who's standing there. I haven't seen him in five years and his blond hair has gotten longer. One hand clutches the door frame desperately for support while the other hand covers a hole in his side. Blood seeps through his fingers and blooms across the fabric of his shirt. "Katniss….I need your help," he says breathlessly. I'm lost for words as Peeta Mellark then collapses at my feet.