throw knives, and Glimmer taps at her shoulder when they all work on archery, straightening her arm out. Clove hits the bullseye. Surprisingly, so do Glimmer and Marvel. Cato just misses, and Clove laughs at him. He shoves at her shoulder roughly. For a moment, his hand is more delicate and careful than usual. Clove notices, with some disdain, that Cato doesn't reach out to Glimmer as much as he usually does. Or maybe that's Glimmer keeping her distance. Cato does talk to all of them like usual, but she feels the gentleness of his fingers right before the roughness of his touch. She wonders if it's always been like this, or if it's just the makeup and hair. Probably the latter, the pervert. Later, Cato tells her, "You looked nice. For you, anyway," in a bored voice in the elevator. Clove bares her teeth in a sharp grin, and punches him. It's the interviews and Clove scowls, tugging at her short orange dress. It's dainty and pretty to counteract her arrogant, sarcastic angle. She doesn't like it, but she does like the irony it will represent. "The skirt is tulle," her stylist explains. The top is strapless, with a sweetheart neckline. Clove glares at her stylist until he fucking finally goes away. "You don't look like literal trash, I'm almost impressed," Cato says. He, as always, looks his part in a fitted black tux over his muscular frame, tight enough to stretch over shoulders and cling to the powerful arches of his legs. "And even with Capitol help, you still look like literal trash." He smirks. "That's practically a compliment coming from you," he says. "Because I know you want me." Clove barks out a laugh. "Want you," she repeats. She ignores the pounding of her heart. "I think you hit your head too hard during wrestling." "The makeup, the hair?" Cato prompts, raising an eyebrow. He's still smirking, that fucker. Clove wants to carve out that smirk. "That wasn't for the Ones, that was for me." Clove says, "Maybe I have a thing for Marvel. Maybe I have a thing for Glimmer," which is so surprising that Cato actually looks incredulous. Clove grins. Enobaria and Brutus come to shove them over to the other tributes, both of them swearing at the tributes, fingers tight on their shoulders. They approach the Ones, and see Glimmer smoothing down Marvel's tux. She's looking down at his unbuttoned collar instead of his eyes, adjusting the collar minutely. Marvel ducks his head, but doesn't stare at Glimmer's breasts, made prominent in the slinky gold dress with only gold sequins covering her privates. Instead, he seems to meet her eyes and makes her look at him. Whatever they're saying makes each other smile. Marvel's hand is curling half-around her ribcage, fingers rubbing circles on her back. Clove thinks, oh. Then she feels a hand tangling with hers, fingers linking together, and she knows this hand. She looks up at Cato with narrowed eyes, but he stares ahead. He does slow his pace, though, letting her drag him along instead of the other way, and she thinks, maybe. "You guys clean up well," Marvel teases, as he and Glimmer casually step back from each other. His hair is immaculate and his smile white. His lashes are even longer than Clove's, probably. "You look pretty," Glimmer tells Clove, a small smile on her lips, and Clove tells her that she does too. Glimmer's smile widens. That's high Clove somehow finds herself smiling back at Glimmer, hand tangled with Cato's, and talking to Marvel. She's gotten attached, she knows, but she's, she's kind of somehow happy. When they say goodbye, it's at night, and Clove is barely lucid. She sees Glimmer's face shimmering in the sky, like she's some sort of angel, and she's not quite recovered to figure out what that means. "Glimmer," she mutters under her breath, and she think she's going to die because her throat is on fire, everything is shiny, and Glimmer's face is wavering in her vision. There's screaming around her, or maybe in her head? She's losing consciousness. "Thank you," she says, and hopes it's too quiet to catch. When Clove wakes, she doesn't remember much except fumbling to pull out the tracker-jacker stings, throwing herself in the lake with the others, and Glimmer's face. She inhales deeply, then wills herself to sit up. Every muscle in her body is sore and it hurts to move. She makes herself. She can feel the sheaths of her knives inside her jacket. She can see Cato, sprawled by her hip, and rise and fall of his chest. His sword, still bloody, lying beside him. There's Marvel a few feet away, and the glint of his spears a bit from him. There's no Glimmer. If Glimmer didn't make it here, Clove knows she's not alive. She knows. She closes her eyes, and when she opens them, they're hard and cold. There's an announcement made that two people from the same district can be crowned Victors. Clove and Cato aren't stupid enough to think that's the full extent, but there's a chance because they're the best, and they take things in the moment. That night, she and Cato kiss. The moment before their lips touch, Clove has a flash of Glimmer saying, Sweetheart, he wanted me for my body. He wants you for your personality, and kisses Cato harder to find... Some sort of safety, or comfort. She finds Cato's warmth, his strength, his power, and Clove can't say she minds this kiss. "How long have you wanted this?" Cato whispers into the curve of her collarbone. "Too long," Clove says. Cato murmurs, "Me too," and kisses her again. It's hard and vicious, but there's a longing that Clove knows both she and Cato are putting in. Glimmer, thank you. Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games, and thus, I also don't own any of the characters. Rights go to the wonderful Suzanne Collins.