releasing him, Gale smirk as he whispered something to her ears. " Didn't I tell you before that you'll make someone bleed to death ? ". Madge loosen her arms and follow his gaze. On their opposite, someone stares blankly on the table. His face as white as the cards and he's ... Alone ... xxxxx Madge surprises didn't stop there ... Gale take her for a first class dinner to celebrate, booked her a suite next to his, replaced her lost luggage with two suitcases of branded clothes, forcing her to take a brand new Samsung S6 in exchange of her old-fashioned phone and even more. Insisting that she should take her share of his winning today in a form of two hundred thousand shals cheque. " But Gale, I can't accept all of this ", she protest. " Give me one good reason why you can't ? ", he challenged her. " Well, this dress, getting me even with Cato and - and - ", she gasped and starts to break down in tears. " My life, you've saved my life. " Gale handed her his handkerchief and asking her something, " Have you ever heard about the good samaritan story ? ". " Yeah, why ? " " Well, considered that I'm playing good samaritan to you. ", Gale take a deep breath. " Besides, my mother always told me that if I want to be a better person, I don't need any reason for doing something good. ". Gale take a seat at the edge of the bed and continue his story, " Ten years ago, I met a girl of my dream right here and two years ago I invited her here on a romantic vacation to Paris which I'm planning to proposed her. ". Gale look down, " But she choose to fly away and goes for her dreams on big screen. So I think that if I'm helping you today then maybe - I could help myself get over it. " Madge can't help it but wonder what kind of girl would dump such a good-looking gentleman like him. Madge take her seating next to him and touched his left shoulder to express her sympathy for him since she's not very good with words. " I'm sorry ", she muttered. Gale and lifted his head and smiled to her. " Well, if you still insisted to repay my kindness. Would you mind accompanying me for the next two days ? " Just before Madge about to say something, Gale hastilly added " Just breakfast, lunch, dinner and maybe some fooling around. No beds, Promised. " Madge chuckles and agreed right away, " Sure, if it could make me get even with you then, why not ? ". xxxx District 4 International Airport. Domestic Terminal. Gale handed her luggage as soon as the reached the departure terminal entrance. Madge a little bit reluctant when she's taking it from Gale. " Well, I guess it's time to say - goodbye ? ", she smile groggily. " Yeah, sure. ", Gale chuckles awkwardly. " Anyway, it's my pleasure to meet you Madge and I'm sorry for holding you out. " " No, no.", Madge waving her hand vacuosly. " It should be me who apologized for causing you so much trouble. " " Nah, it's nothing. Actually, I'm having fun more than I'm expected. Owh, I almost forgot. ", Gale taking out something from his pocket, It's a white chip that Gale asking her to prayed for. " Here. " " Life is a like a gambling actually. You're simply playing peoples that sits around you, patiencely waiting for you ship to come and the most important thing is a determination to give all of your best shot no matter what. Remember, like those cards and chips on the table, your destiny is also lies on your own hand, so don't look down on yourself anymore. ". Madge looks at the chip. Her throats starts to shrink and her eyes sting. It's the first time ever in her life, someone treating her nicely and furthermore, enlightened her with his words. She holds the chip tightly and gives him a sweet smile through her tears. " Thank you ! I will remember it. " When Gale about to turned away, Madge calling his name and handed him a heart-shaped lollipop with couple of mockingjays engraved on it. " It's a lollipop that will helped you realizing your love. Well, at least that what people said to me when I was at the candy shop. They also say that people who like sweets are people that wanted to be happy. " Gale take the candy and examined it for a while, " Well, thanks anyway. ", he smiled charmingly to her. " Gomawo Gale. " " Huh ? ". Gale knitted his brows as he heard the foreign tone. " It's Korean form of thank you very much. " " Owh, very well then. Merci mademoiselle. " " Huh ? ", It's Madge turn to frown upon the strange language. " It's how I used to say 'thanks ma'am' in French. ", They both giggles by now. Gale raised his fist and says, " Cheer up ! ". Which Madge echoes, " Cheer up ! ". After that, Madge entering the domestic departure entrance while Gale dragging his luggage to the international terminal. On his journey to Los Angeles, Gale looked at the lollipop and slowly whispers, " Sticky note girl ..", he put it inside his left jacket pocket and turned his sight to the clouds outside. " Not a bad idea .. " " Take care Gale ", Madge muttered as she gaze at the chip on her way back to Twelve. xx To be continued ... Like it or hate it, feel free to write it down on the comment and let me know which part of my writings is needed to improved. Regards, Heinz