making small handy things. We can use that against them." I smiled, knowing that I found my first ally of the game. And he was my only ally. We both walked around together for the next few days, setting up booby traps and snares from our knowledge of blending and mending things together. Those worked in our favors, since we would watch from the trees and see at least 4 tributes get caught in a snare and die at the hands of the careers who heard their screams. The snares were simple ones, but we both knew how to make them from thread we created from the supply of the forest. We only had one butcher knife from Ash's pack, a canteen from mine, rope and other small things. Ash learned a thing or two from his brothers after having some hunting experience, and we both knew how to work with small tools from the trade of textile. We used our brains, not our brawn. Ash died on the fourth day of the Games, dying to the hands of the Girl from 1. I watched as he was killed in front of me and I had a split decision to defend myself after he fell, by grabbing the axe that was in his chest and throwing it at the girl in her own chest. She fell, and she was my first kill. First of many. Since Ash's death, I was more determined to stay alive, just for the sake of my District. There were only 4 left in the arena, including myself and I knew I was only female left. The rest were from 1, 2 and 5. They were strong, mighty, and could take me out with one blow from their fists. I had to be smart, I had to outwit them. Most of the games was revolved around running away from them, but now I had to run towards them. I knew the boy from District 5 couldn't swim, I saw him being jumpy around the lakes that were in the mountains from previous observations. I leeward him to the frozen lake of the mountains late in the night, the two other tributes were behind him but watched him as I ran with him behind me on my tail. I saw the moment before me, the low beam from a tree branch above the lake and I jumped, grabbing the branch as he slipped and fell into the freezing cold grave. The cannon shot off as I landed on the branch, looking behind me with a arrow drawn at the bow at 2. I knew he was slow, almost like a ape with no speed, so within second I aimed, hitting him in the left eye and seeing him gasp for air. I kept going, knowing 1 was going to be right behind me as the second cannon went off. We both were running through a field of grass in the darkest night, having me trip and fall to the ground in a grunt, the pain of my shine as hitting me hard as he stood over me with a spear in hand. As I begged for him to spare me, knowing that it would not work, He stepped on the trip wire I set up, causing a sharpened stick to ram into his leg and stab him. He was stuck in the trap, screaming at the top of his lung as I got up and grabbed my backpack. Inside was the poison dart tube, loaded and ready since I snagged it from the girl from 1 after she killed Ash. I aimed at his neck, shooting and watching him writhe with the poison in his system for forty seconds before dying in the field. I won the game. Being whisked away and back to the Capitol was surreal to me, as if it was a outer body experience. I was numb, feeling nothing but the pain of Ash's death in my mind, seeing the other Districts fall to my brain, and knowing that I wasn't going to be the same for the rest of my life. I was going to be their faces, covered in blood and pain, Ash;s white face as the blood was drained from him though I only talked to him once or twice before our time in the arena, and the knowledge that the nightmare was never going to be over. Never. I was known as the Deceiver, since I should that I was weak when I was in fact smart. Caesar had a field day with my interview, asking me about the traps and the snares I used in order to win. I only smiled and answered them softly and politely, playing my role. When inside I was screaming. After being taken home and going through the victory tour, I knew I had to play the proud daughter from District 8 role, showing my pride in the textile practice and wearing clothes that represented my home. But inside, I was never the same, hearing the screams and seeing the faces of those that were lost. But it was worse, they were children, mere children. And I killed at least 4 of them in order to breathe. I smiled at every District on the tour, but I knew that was a show, and they didn't want to see me. Some of them, I knew, hated me, since I killed their son or their daughter. And I would hate me too. 8 years as come and gone, and I knew that it was going to be harder as the years went by longer and longer. I only had a few handful of friends to rely on, and my father and brother were still alive. It was only a matter of time and I, Willow the Deceiver, would ever find my way back to the Hunger Games. Not only as a mentor, but as a tribute. Time was not on my side. Not this time.