came from, wondering what could possibly be so menacing that even sends Cato running for the hills. Then the girl from District 5 comes scrambling through the forest. And that's when Peeta sees them. The mutant wolves, a whole pack of them, chasing after the skinny fox-faced girl. Prim is calling for him, so Peeta turns around and runs after her and Cato. He reaches the open clearing in the middle of the arena when the girl from District 5 cries out. Peeta winces, but keeps going, not daring to turn around, because he knows it's already too late. The cannon fires not too long after. Cato and Prim have already climbed on top of the Cornucopia. Peeta has just pulled himself up when the muttations catch up and one of them bites into Peeta's leg. There's a lot of tugging, kicking, screaming, fighting, but in the end, Peeta manages to pull himself onto the roof of the Cornucopia away from the bloodthirsty mutant wolves below. But that doesn't mean it's any safer up here. Peeta is immediately back on his feet, putting his weight on his good leg, and pointing his sword at Cato. Cato, who obviously knew what was coming, grabs Prim around the neck and holds her over the edge of the Cornucopia. He glares threateningly at Peeta. "You take one step closer and she dies." -::- (All of District 12, and all of Panem for that matter, simultaneously suck in a breath. No one dares to breathe again as they sit on the edge of their seats, waiting to see the fate of the girl who glowed. Katniss grips Gale's hand so hard, her knuckles turn white and he loses feeling of his fingers but still they hold on.) ( Please Prim, hold on. ) -::- Prim is gasping for breath, legs kicking in midair, arms wrapped around Cato's, struggling to pull herself back up. Underneath her dangling body, the muttations howl hungrily. Peeta and Cato stare at each other, unmoving. This is it. In the end, it comes down to these two, two teenage boys with their own shares of despair and shattered dreams, forced to be enemies because the odds were not in their favor. After a long moment, Peeta takes the biggest gamble of his life. He takes a step closer. And Prim doesn't die. "You can't do it, can you? You can't kill her." Peeta takes another step. Then another. Cato tries to keep his composure, but his arms are shaking, his heart is breaking, and he slowly sets Prim back on the ledge. She collapses on the metal roof, clutching her neck and taking in raspy breaths. Cato just shakes his head, gives one deflated laugh, and falls to his knees in front of Peeta, holding his arms out in full surrender. "It's all pointless, isn't it? I've killed so many people already. I could very easily kill you, right now. All I know is to kill. But in the end, it doesn't matter. Because I can kill every other tribute ten times over but I still won't win unless I kill Primrose. And I could never do that. Every time I look at Primrose, I see my own little sister with that same smile and those eyes. How could I kill her? How could I watch her die, again? So, just kill me. I could never win these games." What Cato does next shocks Peeta, Prim, the Gamemakers, President Snow, and all of Panem. He reaches forward, grabs the sword out of Peeta's hands, and stabs it right into his own stomach. He commits suicide. Cato falls backwards, his blood rapidly pooling around him. Prim hurries to his side and doubles over, sobbing into Cato's chest. He just died for her. This boy she's only known for a few weeks just gave his life for her. And others will look back at Cato and think he's just another hotheaded Career who killed without mercy, but he is so much more than that. He the greatest older brother Prim never had. "It's all over now, Primrose. I couldn't save my sister, but I sure as hell am going to save you." Prim holds Cato in her arms until he finally dies. The last cannon of the 74th Hunger Games. Then she kisses his forehead and steps back with Peeta. Two hovercrafts now appear, one to take Cato away, and one to welcome the new victors from District 12. They don't celebrate their win, they don't laugh, they don't even smile. They just walk aboard the hovercraft, sit down, and remain deadly silent. So quiet you could hear a pin drop. Or, more precisely, two hearts break. -::- The train ride home is brutal. Every night, Prim wakes up screaming from nightmares of Cato and Rue and Kenton, dying before her very eyes. Every night, she creeps into Peeta's room and he lets her climb into his bed and he soothingly rubs her back like Katniss used to do. When they arrive home, it's a teary reunion as Prim and Peeta finally stumble into the security of family. Across the crowd, Katniss catches Peeta's eye. She smiles and nods, a silent thank you. But the nightmares still haunt Prim and she still wakes up screaming. No twelve-year-old girl should ever have to go through that amount of trauma and the aftermath is disastrous. Sometimes, Prim is delirious and believes she is still in the games. Sometimes, Prim thinks a big part of her died back in the arena along with all the other tributes. She asks Haymitch if the nightmares ever go away. He says they don't. Not ever. -::- (And out there, the rebellious underbelly of Panem is stirring. Oppressed for all these decades, the agitation among the districts have been constantly building up and it required one precious little girl who glowed for everything to boil over. The revolution has begun. And once it starts, it doesn't stop. Not ever.)