clear shot at him, but Gale pries me away from him. Lucky sucker. I can't believe Rory was spying on us! Does he really have nothing else to do with his life? I'm forced to reel away with a closed fist, when Gale completely overpowers me. What Rory saw was private! Last time I checked, I didn't exploit his private life. Don't my brothers know any boundaries? "Rory, go to bed," Gale says calmly. Rory mutters a few words under his breath. I can only make out 'crazy' and 'not fair'. Once he's gone it's just Gale and me. I prepare myself for the lecture I'm about to receive but Gale doesn't say anything. I realize that he hasn't let go of me. I'm in his lap, like a father nursing a young child. Like what he used to do when I was an infant. Now, my legs sprawl across the couch, but I still fit comfortably in his lap. "I'm sorry," He says. What? No lecture? No reprimanding? "I'm sorry I gave you a hard time earlier today." I nod my head slowly, wishing I had a tape recorder to replay this moment. It's not often that Gale admits that he is sorry or is wrong. "The thing is, sometimes I can get a little protective of the people I love. You have to remember that I helped change your diapers when mom first had you. I know I'm your brother, but in many ways, I know you relied on me to raise you. And I tried. You depended on me. I guess that today, when I saw another boy wanting to take you away from me, I got a little protective. It's my job. I seemed to forget that you were growing up, and that you weren't a defenseless little girl anymore. I thought you needed protecting, but you don't anymore. Not in the way I can provide it. So, I'm sorry if I ruined your date. I didn't think things through." I fling my arms around his neck. Gale's not one to speak opening about his feelings, but his spiel was thoughtful. He probably sat here all night thinking about it. He has to know that no one can protect me the way he can and always will. I mean, I used to think I was going to marry him when I was older. I always thought he was the best man in the world. "I forgive you," I say. I pull away and face him. "I appreciate you looking out for me. But you're going to have to let me live my life, and that is going to include boys." Gale runs a hand through his overgrown hair. "That's the thing Pose. Boys can cause another kind of hurt. One that I don't think I can fix. I know this is your first date, but you need to think about these things. I just want you to be careful." "Well, if a guy can survive an interrogation with you, I think he's a worth giving a chance." Gale smirked. "I was surprised he didn't quiver. It made me trust him less." I sighed. "So you don't like him?" "No. But I doubt I'll like any of your boyfriends. Just like how you never liked any of my girlfriends." He has a point. There has never been an occasion where I liked the girl he was seeing. He never brought any of his dates home, they were never that serious, and I worry for him sometimes. I know he loved Katniss, but that was years ago. She's with Peeta now, and maybe that's a good thing. Katniss and Gale both went into separate directions. Sure, I really like Cole, but there's always a chance our paths will diverge at some point. I get that, but I don't want to miss an opportunity to have something special with him. I don't want to dream of what could have been, and actually make something happen. Because I saw those regrets in Gale's eyes when we first moved to Two. Sometimes being too cautious means you don't live at all. Wasn't that why we fought through a revolution? To live? "That's true. You have terrible taste," I tease. "How about I can pick your next girlfriend?" He smirks. "Only if I get to pick your next boyfriend." I scrunch my nose and he laughs. That's a boundary that should remain untouched. "How about we let each other date whomever we want to date?" I suggest. "Fine. But whoever else you decide to go on a date with needs to understand the rules first. And I'm going to tell them. If they can't take it, then they can leave." "Fine," I sigh. We shake on it and I rest my head on his shoulder and yawn. Well, it's a start. Remember how I said there are times when I don't really have comply? I'll wear him down eventually. After a few minutes of sitting in a comfortable silence, Gale asks me, "Bedtime?" "Bedtime," I say in mid yawn. I feel like I'm five years old again and back in our one shack room in Twelve. On the nights I couldn't sleep, Gale would hold me and sometimes rock me until I fell asleep on him. Now, he still lifts me easily, carrying me to bed. He gives me time to change with privacy and then checks in on me to tuck me in. He brushes my hair away from my face and kisses my forehead when I say, "Goodnight Gale." He stops at the light switch beside the door. "Good night Pose. Sweet dreams." He turns off the light and closes the door. As the new found darkness takes over, I stare at the ceiling. I'm not a complete big girl yet . I still need my big brother. There will probably be times when I'll need him more than ever. Because some boundaries bind us forever. A/N: Thanks for reading!