She changed into her well-worn leather boots and father's jacket. She of course did not keep her hunting bow in the cabin, caution was too deeply wedded to her being and possession of a weapon in the Seam was a hanging offense, Victor or not. All Victors were expected to take up some kind of craft or develop some kind of talent. Peeta had been developing a talent he had only ever been able to exercise in the decoration of cakes at his family's bakery. Now he painted, Katniss had not had a suitable talent or predilection and had spent days pouring over the list of possibilities that Effie Trinket had politely sent her. None of them struck her as even vaguely interesting. Finally she had used her telephone for the first time to call Cinna and ask his advice, as he was the most talented person she knew. Together they had come up with a craft that she was interested in as it was one originally taught to her by her father, but which she had never showed even the slightest aptitude for, bow making. Peeta, Gale, and Haymitch had rioted but she had made the concession that she would never string the bows, they would be purely decorative. In order to drive this point home Peeta had volunteered to paint many of the bows she had made. As her skill improved Katniss even ventured into the arts of engraving and wood burning in order to make her creations more beautiful, she also spoke to Cinna regularly, he had access to information that she did not. While she was enduring the hospitality of the Capitol she had taken advantage of the opportunity to practice her shooting on one of the truly superlative bows that they had to offer the Tributes. Her goal had been to produce something to match that quality. She had so far not succeeded, but she had already surpassed her father's skill and used a bow of her own manufacture when she hunted now. Katniss slipped through the hole in the electric fence she always used without difficulty since as usual the fence was without power. Even though she was just on the other side of the fence Katniss felt a tension she always carried in the District melt away. She stood straighter, her stride freer and her glance sharper, but less wary. In the forest she was more than a match for any predator, it was the ones in town and throughout the rest of the civilized world that frightened her. The air that filled her lungs was heavy and wet with the scent of rotten leaves and dense underbrush. The weather was unseasonably warm, but there was a bite in the air that told of colder weather to come. Katniss loved the forest in all its seasons, the emerald green of spring and summer, the ruby and gold of autumn, and the sparkling diamond of winter snows. There would be bad hunting today but she strung her bow anyway and retrieved the quiver of arrows that she kept hidden in a fallen tree. She had been right, the snares were empty, and along the trail she only encountered two quail. Her new bow shot well and she took both of them back to Hazel. When she finished the circuit she returned her bow and arrows to their hiding places and ducked back into the district. She changed into her town clothes and jogged back through town. She dropped the quail off with Hazel along with some hard candy that she had been saving as a treat for Gale's siblings. "Good luck on your Tour Katniss," Gale's mother said kindly after releasing Katniss from a vice like hug. Hazel and she had been close for almost as long as she had known Gale, and now more than ever she was regarded as family by the Hawthorne clan. Katniss' admiration and respect for Hazel was unbounded, her husband had died in the same disaster that had cost Katniss her own father, but unlike her mother and despite having just had a third baby she had not gone catatonic, but had sought work as soon as she was able. Her children were not always well fed, but they were always well cared for. "Thanks Mother Hazel." Katniss kissed the woman on her wrinkled cheek and took off for home again. When she got back home Katniss made up a plate form the leftovers of her earlier breakfast, poured a cup of coffee and went upstairs to wake Peeta. She passed a door that was always kept closed; it was Peeta's art studio. When Peeta began painting Katniss had loved to watch his hands, the long graceful strokes of the brush, the control and competence of his manner, but it had become too difficult when she saw the pictures that were emerging under work of his hands. Katniss ran as therapy, Peeta painted. He had only two subjects, Katniss and the Games. The Games in vivid, unrelenting detail, someday she hoped to be able to appreciate his work, but for now it was too fresh a wound to reopen and she always turned away from the images on the canvas with tears rolling down her cheeks. Katniss pushed open the door to find that Peeta was still fast asleep. She smiled and set down the cup and tray. She slid onto the bed and lightly kissed Peeta, once on each eye, once on the tip of his nose, by the time she reached his lips he was awake enough to respond. "Hmm," he groaned and stretched, "morning beautiful." "Sleep well?" "Yup, is that coffee I smell?" "Yes indeed." She passed him the coffee and the plate, Peeta sat up took a gulp from the cup and tore into a biscuit. "What time is it?" "Almost noon, we have to go wake Haymitch." "Let me finish this," he said holding up the coffee, "then we can fetch the bucket."