getting ready to head out to the town square. When we leave the house I squeeze Mother's hand and smile shakily at her. She sighs and leans her head on my shoulder for a second before visibly putting herself together, grabbing Vick's hand and walking ahead, head held high and back straight. I carry Posy until I reach the edge of the square, then hand her over to Mother. I hug them- Mother, Vick and Posy, and they hug me and Rory back, wishing us both luck. We turn away and get into the lines. Rory's shaking a little, and I know despite his earlier words, he is very much afraid for himself as well. I squeeze his shoulder and leave him in the back with the boys his age before heading towards my own age group. I don't have many guy friends- actually, I don't have many friends at all except for Catnip, but as I approach the other 18 year olds Thom Hornwood waves at me. I shake hands with a couple of old classmates, nod to a few other boys in greeting and go to stand besides him. "All right there Gale?" He says, and I shrug. "As all right as could be expected today I suppose," I respond, "Yourself?" He moves his head from side to side, balancing at the same time from foot to foot. "Not too bad, not too bad... My missus promised she'd take me to her parents house today if I wasn't reaped. They have rabbit stew. Rabbit stew , goodness, I can't even imagine how good merchant rabbit stew must be like." He twists around to look for his girl, a small grey faced thing he fooled around with until he got her pregnant a few months back. I wave a hand in greeting before focusing my attention on finding Katniss. I spot her with a couple of other Seam girls and exhale sharply. She's wearing her hair up, and a blue dress and looks absolutely incredible. I stare at her all throughout the beginning of the ceremony- the Panem anthem, the Mayor's repetitive history lesson… from time to time I do look up at the stage and so see when Haymitch Abernathy, District 12's only living victor and the town drunk stumbles on stage and flops onto Effie Trinket. Afterwards, she tries to regain some dignity by giving her typical introduction, "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor!" When I look back towards Katniss I find her finally looking at me, smiling at the obviously ridiculous antics on the stage, and I almost smile back. But the moment doesn't last long, and her eyes flash with fear. We remember who and where we are; me with 42 death sentences and her with 20, so I turn my eyes away. Effie steps up, her pink wig a little crooked, and thrills in her capitol accented voice "Ladies first!" like she always does. I find it difficult to breathe, not blinking as she gives one, two, three, four steps towards the big bowl on her left, hear the absolute silence as her hand enters the bowl, shakes the slips of paper a bit. With delicate, clawed fingers she grabs one and holds it out. Smiling, she opens it, looks at the name, goes back to the microphone and- "Mera Danod!" An audible breath of relief goes through almost everyone in the square. Some girls hug each other in comfort, some cry, some laugh softly. Everyone but the girl whose name has been picked. I see her, a skinny Seam kid with hunched shoulders, charcoal black oily hair that hangs limply bellow her chin. She trembles, holding back tears as she slowly… ever so slowly walks towards the podium. Poor kid. I judge her age to be around 13, though considering how underfed and small most Seam people are, she might be older. My eyes find Catnip again. The tension has all but drained out of her. She looks on with sadness at the girl, but I know her. In her mind, her thoughts are I'm safe. It's not me . Always the survivor, my Catnip. Mera arrives to the top of the stairs and walks on to the podium. Effie grabs her hand. "Well then! Everyone, a round of applause for our first tribute!" Some people clap, others don't. It's done mechanically and somberly, an obligation. I stay still, staring at the poor girl quietly crying on the stage. She's already given up. She's not even going to try. I've seen her type before; she'll probably die fast. "Well now! It is time to choose our boy tribute!" warbles Effie Trinket, leaving Mera on the stage alone as she crosses over to the second bowl. Everything seems to slow down again as I see her put her hand into the bowl, stir once and take out the piece of paper. Just as before, she opens it and reads it first before turning back to her microphone. It's me, It's me, I think, my conviction so great I almost don't hear when she actually reads the name. I see her lips move, I process the sound, but I don't get it, not at first. It sounds like me, but after a moment my brain understands Effie Trinket's exact words and I realize. She said Rory. Not Gale. Rory Hawthorne. A.N: Quote is from the song There There by Radiohead. The first couple of chapters will be similar to The Hunger Games, then its going to start drifting in a different direction. Mera Danod is an OC, but she's got a small role in the story, so I hope it doesn't turn anyone away from this. Her name is an anagram of Andromeda, of Greek mythology fame. This story got into my head and refused to go away. I feel quite proud of it, and hope you, the reader, enjoy reading it as much as I'm enjoying writing it!