man than my father ever was." I don't know if she can hear me anymore, but I hope she can. Her eyes close slowly and I bow my head and close my eyes so I can't see the last breath leave her lips. The canon fires and I finally let the sobs rack though my body since I know that she won't be able to see me cry over her now. My hands are covered in her blood and I sit next to her in horror. The girl, my girl is gone just like that and I am sitting here covered in her blood, wondering why the hell it wasn't me. It should have been me. Maysilee was too pure, pretty, and perfect to ever die that horrifically. She deserved a long life. The girl from District One is a cold blooded killer but I have her in the exact place I need her to be. I can use the force field to my advantage, I'm just not sure how yet. I willhave to figure it out fast because I can see the need for her to win etched deeply in her face but my will to win is greater. I havemy promise to keep. District One lashes at me with her axe and I just barely dodge it. The blade rips through the sleeve of my jacket and I hiss, wielding my knife so that it cuts right across her face. The pain makes her even angrier and I soon find myself pinned to the ground, her heavy body on top of me. One hand keeps my knife arm pinned down and her other hand uses the axe to cut through my stomach. I scream in pain and with my adrenaline I'm able to shove her off me. I lift my knife and stab her straight through her eye. She stumbles backwards onto her back and I crawl away, trying to keep my insides from spilling out across the entire arena. My promise circulates through my head and I push myself to my feet. The cliff is only fifty yards away. I can make it. I have a plan. I can win. District One follows me and it doesn't take long for her to catch up. I can feel my vision begin to slip and I know I amstarting to bleed to death. District One lifts her axe above her head and then launches it towards me. This is her death blow but I collapse to the ground just as the blade almost reaches me. She screams in anger but doesn't make a motion to kill me. She knows that I'm dying slowly anyways and I guess she would just rather watch me die in pain instead of putting me out of my misery. The seconds tick by and I swear they're almost as long as minutes. The force field wields the axe back up from behind me and I blink just as it lodges into her skull. She hits the ground with a heavy thud and the cannon erupts. I won but my life is still slipping from me. I pass out before I can hear them announce my victor title. I see Maysilee a lot in my dreams. She's still the young woman I fell in love with, even though I'm not the same young man. She visits me in my dreams, her golden hair cascades down her back and her blue eyes stare straight into my soul. She's pure, pretty, and perfect. Everything I wanted to remember her as. She sometimes talks to me but I can feel everything she always wanted to say to me before she died so there isn't a need for words. I can still feel what it was like to have her lips press against my own and how her hands felt on my hair and over my heart. I never want to wake up, so I try to drink myself into comas to be with her. When I try to follow her into the light she appears from nowhere . She shakes her head sadly and holds my face in her cold hands, "You have one more promise to keep before you can come with me," she tells me and I feel my heart fall. "I don't know how to be a better man," I whisper and she smiles warmly at me. One of her hands slips down to my chest and our eyes lock. "Of course you do. You just can't give up; there are two people that still need you." I shake my head and try to grab onto her but she isn't real and the reality hits me hard again. "I need you," I state and she breathes evenly out. "I do. I need you Maysilee." "I know that, but I promise to come back for you when you keep your last promise," Maysilee whispers as she pulls my head down to her. "You're a much better man than you give yourself credit for Haymitch." Her lips are dangerously close to mine and I close my eyes feeling like a young boyonce again, but the second my eyes close in my dream they wake up to the sad reality that I call my life now. I lash my knife hand through the air and am I surprised to find it empty and that I'm dripping. "Why am I wet?" I ask, looking at the wrong girl standing in my kitchen. She isn't blonde and blue eyed, but like my girl she looks at me like I'm the only person who can do anything. "Haymitch," Katniss says and I wipe the water off my face. "I need your help." I take a swig of my bottle of alcohol and lean back in my chair, "Well, what do you need, sweetheart?" Maysilee was right. I couldn't save her, but I could save them and if that gets me back to her than I am not going to blow it.