barrier is breached, Athena can no longer think of these people as objects. They have names. Names her supervisor ensured she was taught; names she must now acknowledge to herself. Cinna is talking to Haymitch and Effie, so Athena waits patiently for an opportunity to carry out her task. She can't wait for long as she must return to finish her duties in Katniss Everdeen's room. She places the items Katniss asked her to deliver on a chair where she hopes Cinna will notice them should Athena not be present when he leaves. Athena returns to Katniss's room. She knocks on the door and Katniss answers. By means of hand signals, Athena indicates to Katniss that she wishes to complete her assigned duties. Katniss's allows Athena to enter the room although she doesn't take her eyes off Athena. Clearly she's never been waited on before ... few district girls have. The final task is to lay out some nightwear for Katniss. Athena has a moment of panic. There's a choice of nightwear in the drawer. There's the Training Centre standard issue pyjamas ... safe but boring ... and a skimpy nightdress that Cinna must have designed. Athena studies the nightdress in amazement. Even the most promiscuous of Capitol girls would think twice before wearing such an item. It's an awkward moment, since Katniss has been watching Athena while she carries out her duties. Should Athena simply lay out the skimpy nightdress, which Cinna presumably intends Katniss to wear, or does she indicate that Katniss should make her own choice of nightwear. "Select the item you would you wear to bed if you were me," says Katniss when she sees Athena's hesitation. Which leaves Athena with a difficult decision. Before she met Gideon, the boring pyjamas would have been her choice. But in Gideon's company, the skimpy nightie would have been all that he would have allowed her to wear. Athena still remembers the erotic thrill she experienced wearing the indecent clothing ... at least by her parents' strict standards ... Gideon sometimes insisted she put on. Perhaps experiencing some hedonistic pleasure is what Katniss needs to distract her from her plight. Cinna must think so; otherwise, why did he design the nightie? But what works for Athena might not work for Katniss. She might be offended if Athena selected such a garment. But Fate has brought them together, so Fate will guide Athena's choice. She picks up the skimpy nightdress and lays it out on the bed without looking at Katniss. Athena quickly puts the pyjamas away and makes a hasty move for the door. "Wait!" calls Katniss. "I don't know your name. I would like to know your name." Athena curses silently. Katniss must be offended and she's obviously going to report Athena to her supervisor. Reluctantly she turns towards Katniss and shows her the identification mark on her shoulder. "What? RH438? No. I mean your real name," says Katniss. Athena shakes her head in refusal before fleeing from Katniss's room. There are strict rules denying Athena use of her real name. But refusing an order is also a punishable offence. Now she must wait to see if Katniss reports her to the supervisor, and await her punishment. Fortunately, Athena isn't so preoccupied with her near disaster in the bedroom to forget to hand the discarded clothing to Cinna. Effie has already departed, and Cinna is clearly about to leave. Haymitch is flopped out on the couch looking the worse for drink. Athena hopes it won't be left to her to get Haymitch cleaned up and into his bed. Her supervisor's instructions weren't very specific on that subject. "Did you find the nightdress I had made for Katniss?" asks Cinna of Athena. She nods in reply. "Yes she did," interrupts Katniss, who is standing in the doorway of her bedroom. "Why do you think a tiny nightie like this is something I should wear in the privacy of my bedroom? Are you selling tickets to the guards watching the security cameras?" It isn't clear to whom Katniss is addressing her question. Is she expecting a response from Cinna ... the designer ... explaining his motive, or from Athena, justifying her choice. "There are no security cameras inside your room," replies Cinna. Athena knows his statement isn't strictly correct. There are hidden cameras in every room, but the bedroom cameras are supposedly switched off automatically when a guest is inside their own room. Athena has no idea whether that is true or not. "So why the nightdress?" persists Katniss. "That is something you should work out for yourself," replies Cinna. "I merely observe that despite your objections, you haven't hesitated to put on the nightdress. And that you look very attractive wearing it." Katniss becomes flustered and blushes at Cinna's compliment. She's about to retreat back into her room when there is a disgusting retching sound from the lounge. Haymitch has been sick on the carpet and is now lying in his own vomit. Athena quickly rushes to fetch the cleaning equipment, while Cinna and Katniss go to rescue Haymitch. Fortunately the service area in each suite contains the necessary equipment for just such an emergency. Athena sets about clearing up the stinking mess, while Cinna guides the semi-conscious Haymitch to his bathroom. A cold shower should bring him around quick enough. But it seems Haymitch doesn't intend to go quietly. Once again Athena finds herself in close proximity to Katniss. Fortunately Katniss is more preoccupied with telling Haymitch to be quiet. Athena soon has the stain cleaned up, although the smell will take a few more minutes to disperse. The commotion has attracted Peeta Mellark's attention and he has come out of his bedroom to investigate the noise. He helps Cinna drag the protesting Haymitch into Haymitch's room. Peeta returns to the living area a few moments later, obviously content to leave Haymitch in Cinna's care. It's then when he notices Katniss standing there in her short skimpy nightie.