flora and fauna have arisen in their place, stemming from genetic mutations that have occurred in the ecosystem as a result of the radioactive particles that drifted across the continent. June 30, 2500 – Approx. June 2560 – Society gradually begins to rebuild. More and more people come back to the surface, and are aided by the new capital, which had preserved the technological as well as scientific and medical knowledge that was sealed underground during the war of 2017. North America has drastically changed in shape, and is now the largest remaining landmass on earth. Attempts to make contact with the world outside of North America prove unsuccessful. However, North American citizens are glad once again to be able to be on the surface full time rather than the limited voyages above to scrounge for whatever food and supplies they could come across, which most often ended up empty handed. The citizens are able to rebuild their homes and villages using technology salvaged in the new capital. In the year 2525, basic transportation by wagon and by rail is operational. By 2540, basic forms of radio and telephone communication are reestablished. Ten years later, fiber optic usage is relearned, leading to the new capital having its first television sets and computers reactivated, though mainly limited to the capital itself. Citizens begin to rejoice and feel that humanity will survive and rebuild after all. In 2060, the new capital located in the Rocky Mountains has become a flourishing mid-sized city. Citizens across North America are excited at the promise of the future. September 1, 2560 – The first large scale broadcast from the new capital is heard on radios across the nation. It is the first contact with a mass audience in over 500 years. The voice on the radio identifies himself as Marcus Rubicon, a resident of the new capital who had helped rebuild the communications arrays both in and outside of the new capital. Rubicon addresses the citizens with a message of "hope, not of fear." He also states that it is time to "forge a new path, and let go of the past. To revisit history will doom us to repeat it. Let us begin anew." To demonstrate his point, he proposes a new name for this fledgling young nation, which will be voted on by the citizens across the land. The new proposed name for this country: Panem. Rubicon states that the name, while it may sound strange, is a shortened version of an old Latin phrase – "panem et circenses," or literally, "bread and circuses." Rubicon states that while he intends not to repeat history, he does want to learn from it, and that the name Panem encompasses everything the new country should stand for – bread and water that will bring food, sustenance, and life to the citizens. The circuses are the games and entertainment that will allow citizens to rejoice and remind themselves that they are still human and should balance work with pleasure to keep their minds as strong and healthy as their bodies. Together, they form what Rubicon calls "the new hope for the nation, and the strength to rebuild itself into something greater than even our ancestors could have ever imagined." He also appeals to the citizens' sense of humor when he proposes that the name of the new capital should just be "The Capitol," because, as Rubicon states: "It's easy to remember, not to mention easy to spell." However, Rubicon states that he will leave the names up to the citizens to approve or reject, and he will announce the results in one week's time. September 8, 2560 – Panem and The Capitol are approved by citizens in an overwhelming near unanimous vote. That evening, Rubicon addresses the nation by its new name for the first time, stating: "My fellow citizens of this new bright young nation of Panem, we have taken the first step in selecting a name. Now, we must choose its leader." He then asks the citizens to nominate a leader, but they are unable to agree on anyone else but Rubicon, mainly because he is the only voice they have heard so far. It seems that already, The Capitol is learning how to manipulate the populace, although at first it is very subtle. His first act as Panem's first president is to have a full census taken to determine where populations are concentrated, their demographic makeup, what resources are in the area, and the amount of those resources. September 20, 2560 – Rubicon again addresses Panem's citizens via radio announcing the census has been completed, and based on the information collected by him and his "colleagues," he feels that the best and most efficient way to utilize the remaining resources on the land and in the available resources of the seas would be to organize the country into thirteen "districts" rather than several states, provinces, or prefectures. The districts will simply be numbered rather than given a name, again because Rubicon states that "numbers are simply easier to remember." Each district will be responsible for electing a mayor as well as a "governing representative" to The Capitol. The thirteen districts will also be assigned a specific task which will be used to benefit The Capitol as well as the other districts. But before this can happen, zoning preparations must be made. Rubicon announces that his "colleagues" are working with him on plans to establish boundaries of each district as well as assigning specific functions based on the demographic, topographic, and resource data collected during the census. The plans will take approximately one year to implement. Rubicon promises that once all thirteen districts have been outlined and constructed, the first free elections of Panem will be held, followed by a constitutional convention which will draft the first official charter of the young nation. Most citizens look forward to the new future, although some are already uncertain, noting that Rubicon seems to be dictating more than asking.