voice has risen to a barely contained shout. "Rosalie, please calm down." Caesar intervenes, and the victor sits back down, still staring at the president. "Yes, please do. Tell you what, my dear. To make amends for this unfortunate happening, whoever might have caused it…" Snow says the last words with extra force, still smiling tightly. He dabs at his forehead in a gentlemanly way, and continues. "…I'll grant you anything you wish, as long as it is in my power." I go over this intense interview in my mind. Haymitch and my mother seem to understand what's going on but Prim seems to be confused. Rosalie humiliated Snow at the ball months ago, practically saying that tending to her dogs was more important than showing up to a prestigious event hosted by the president himself. An event at which she was supposed to speak, and didn't come forward. And today she is telling all of Panem that her dogs are gone, and implying that it was on President Snow's orders that they were killed. To perhaps calm her down and keep her from speaking more about him, he is granting her anything she wants. "She certainly had that coming. And he had this coming too, we all know that Rosalie's not going to keep quiet about something like this." Haymitch says as Rosalie thinks onstage. For once he's not drunk. … "You cannot solve many conflicts by taking a living being's life, and one hundred years ago that is exactly what the nation of Panem thought would be sufficient enough to bring peace," she says slowly, each accented syllable ringing in my ears. This is important, I can tell by the silence in the crowd onscreen and how Haymitch is leaning forward, hair unkempt but eyes bright and worried. "I would like to visit District 13. I would like to see how that solution worked out." The moment she finishes the sentence, President Snow's face twists into a demonic expression of rage and the screen flashes with static before going black. We stare at the darkened screen, shocked and horrified. And I can only hope that Rosalie will be alright. … Mere weeks later is the reading of the card, which is new to me but is remembered by Haymitch and my mother. Another mandatory viewing, and this time when we see Snow onscreen, smiling like nothing happened during that interview, the revulsion is evident in our expressions. "Quarter Quells are horrible. I wish you didn't have to mentor this one." Prim says as President Snow goes on to tell us what happened in the previous Quarter Quells. "I know, I know." I pat her on the back and try to seem reassuring. "Is Rosalie alright?" she asks. I am wondering the same thing, the famous victor hasn't been seen on television or anywhere else, it seems, since that day. Rumors say that she's dead, others say that she's fine. Either way, it is clear that even the Capitol is shaken by what may or may not have happened to their beloved, smiling Rosalie. It's been even worse in the Districts, in 12 alone there have been scuffles and fights between the new peacekeepers and townspeople, there's a profound, renewed fear and mistrust of peacekeepers and an even stronger hate of President Snow. I think back to something I saw a few days ago. Flashing words on a screen in the mayor's house when I was there to talk to Madge. "UPDATE ON DISTRICT 3. UPDATE ON DISTRICT 4. UPDATE ON DISTRICT 6. UPDATE ON DISTRICT 9." After each flashing of words was a scene from the books about the Dark Days, reporters warning that the level of chaos was increasing, that more force was being sent to each of the districts. Screaming people with masks over their faces, throwing bricks at buildings and peacekeepers. Buildings on fire. Peacekeepers shooting into the crowd, sending up sprays of blood, taking lives at random. Uprisings. There was no other word to describe it, not in President Snow's dictionary or anyone else's. Is Rosalie alright? I don't know, Prim. She's started a rebellion that's spread across Panem. Hundreds are dying, uprisings are growing out of control. People are wondering about District 13, wondering what's being hidden there and why President Snow was so horrifyingly angry. I honestly don't think that she's exactly "alright". Of course I don't say any of that, it would traumatize her. "I hope so," I say softly, ending it at that. We all look at the screen again just in time to see a little boy dressed in white- I think that it's Snow's grandson – bring up a box full of yellowed, aging envelopes. Centuries of Quarter Quell ideas devised a hundred years ago and ready to be used. Snow opens the envelope, licking his lips in a way I've grown to hate. Without any hesitation he reads, "On the seventy-fifth anniversary, as a reminder to the rebels that even the strongest among them cannot overcome the power of the Capitol, the male and female tributes will be reaped from their existing pool of victors." My mother falls back into her chair, hard. Prim cries out, shocked. But I am just staring at the president and his puffed lips. I feel like most people in the crowd onscreen. Baffled, still trying to absorb the information. Existing pool of victors? Then it hits me, what it means. First I think about Cato and the other victors, to push back the truth. He'll want to volunteer; I know the satisfied look in his eye when he kills. And Rosalie, whether she's still alive or not, this is meant to target her, obviously. If she isn't reaped then she'll have to see twenty three of her comrades fall. Then I have to accept what it means for me. District 12 only has two existing victors. One male and one female. I am that female. I'm going back into the arena.