as stupid as the teachers have been telling us." He says this in a teasing tone but Annie still slaps his arm for me. "Thanks Annie." I say with a smile as she sits down on our faded light blue couch. She smiles back and turns her attention to Finn. Annie wasn't all there from an accident she had as a child, she's a native of District One, and was only contracted because she's brilliant when she's not having one of her moments . Annie just likes to keep to herself which is why we probably got along so well. I couldn't imagine anyone else being contracted to my brother. You could tell that when the two of them looked at each other they really are in love and didn't just tolerate each other for the Capital's sake. What they felt for one another was rare but I still hoped to find it. My father walks in from the back door just as we all sit around the table and I smile looking at him. He lifts a brow me and winks before taking his spot at the head of the table. He smells like fish and saltwater, typical for a fisherman. "Well Norah," my father says after my mother hands me my letter, "open it." I pull the seam of the envelope open slowly. I'm sitting on the edge of my seat and I feel my hands become clammy again but this time there's no ocean water to hide it. I pull the results out and read over the charts and large words that I would never understand fully in a million years, but I get the gist of what the results say and I put them back into the envelope before looking back towards my family. "Well?" Finnick says and I try to keep my face stoic even though all I want to do us laugh at my brother who is bouncing up and down in his chair. He's acting like a two year old waiting for a piece of cake. "I passed." I say and my family sighs in relief causing me to laugh at them. Persi grins at me and I my eyes trace over her sunburnt skin, freckled nose and wild hair. She's so excited for me like how I was with my sister Kassi before she left. I feel the sudden urge to tell Persi that Contract Day isn't what you expect at all but I don't. I would let her have her innocence for as long as she could. I wonder if Kassi felt this way about me. I was twelve when she left and its sometimes hard for me to picture her face in my mind. I was very close to Kassi, we had the same relationship that Persi and I have so I know how Persi's going to feel when it's time for me to leave. My father breaks my train of thought when he puts a strong hand on my shoulder, "I'm very proud of you." He says and I smile at him, "We'll have a feast tonight!" He says and my siblings cheer. "No, we don't need to do that." I say and Finnick rolls his eyes before popping a sugar cube into his mouth. Our mother swats his hand and he laughs, Persi takes this moment to try to take the bag of sweets off the table but my mother catches her too. "Don't think that you're going to get away with that little lady." My mother says and Persi tries to smile as innocently as possible but we can all see through it. As my mother reprimands both Persi and Finnick for eating too much sweets and I can't help but snicker at my twenty-something year old brother being scolded by our mother. My father was able to buy four moderately sized lobsters at the fish market today and I clap my hands together because lobster is one of my favorite meals. It was rare to have it even though we lived in the fishing district, lobster is still very expensive. We all sit around the table passing the plates of food and all of us trying to talk over the other. We are all very close, especially us children. My mother wanted all of us to be friends and not strangers that lived together. Family is the most important thing to all of us. Finnick stands up and I look up to my older brother with a brow raised. "I would like to make a toast." He says and I immediately slide down in my chair feeling my cheeks flare up in embarrassment. "My baby sister, who I guess isn't much of a baby anymore, will be leaving our home in a week's time. The thought terrifies all of us because I know every single one of us will miss Norah more than I think she'll ever know. I just want to say how proud I am of Norah for handling everything so graciously and I know that whoever she is contracted to will love our little Norah as much as we do." Finnick says and the table smiles and nods their heads in agreement. Finnick then looks at me and touches my shoulder lightly, "I hope you know that wherever you end up, you'll always be a part of our family." Persi stands up and thrusts her drink in the air. "To Norah!" The table laughs and clinks glasses together. I smile but I feel the tears stinging my eyes. I don't know how I'm going to work up enough strength to ever leave these people that I love so much. I like this beginning much better than the other. I'll hopefully have the next chapter posted in a few days. On a note that has nothing to do with anything with my story I just wanted everyone to know that I got into college! Yay! Let me know what you guys think! Rian T.