take another Tribute, we really will execute every child from the City of Domes that is District Eight and you will be forced to watch! You Sandmen think your some sort of law enforcement protectors? If you want to protect your people, you'll keep your mouth shut! Got it?" "I got it," Nels Four answered, sullenly. As the people in the Districts saw the broadcast of the girl dying, the chant Sandman Sandman was picked up. Left hands, with white colored time flowers were raised in the air for support. Baptists were singing. This happened in every District. When the threat to kill all of the children from the City of Domes was heard, the riot began immediately. In every District. Everywhere. Once some of the surviving Sandmen got their hands on Peacekeeper weapons, things got very unhealthy for the Peacekeepers. Unaware of the events in the Districts, on stage, Flickerman, following direction from his ear piece,, said, "Nels, I have been authorized to answer one of your questions. I am going to tell you how we learned of the existence of your City of Domes. Bring them out please. Three men and one woman, all handcuffed, were brought on stage, each escorted by a Peacekeeper. The crowd was interested.. What was about to happen? "Francis Seven?" Nels said, surprise in his voice. Francis had taught a class when he had been in school. Francis stared, saying nothing. The woman had the most despairing look in her demeanour that Nels Four had ever seen. "Let me finish the introductions, Nels Four, this is Logan Five, Jessica Six and Jeremy Eight. You already know Francis Seven. It is through them that we found your precious City of Domes." "Is it true? Was the City destroyed? Almost everyone is dead? Did we cause it?" Jessica asked. Guilt was written over her face. She held a haunted look in her eyes that Nels hoped he never saw in the mirror. "The City is gone. I don't know how many died, but a lot did. What makes you think that you caused it?" Nels asked. "At one time, Logan here was a Sandman. He apparently decided that dying at Carousel was not to his liking, so he chose to run with the young lady. Your friend Francis and Jeremy here were sent to bring them back. Logan and Jessica ran right into District Eleven," Flickerman said, with a gloat in his voice. He finally had something to get unto this young man's skin, something to please the crowd. Nels Four did not disappoint. "You were a Sandman and you did what?" The volume of his voice increased as Nels really warmed up."You mean those rumors about a Sandman running were TRUE?" "Carousel was a lie!" Logan shouted. "You think I haven't figured that out! You led them to the City!" Nels shouted back. He had never been so mad. He wanted to reach across and snap Logan's neck. He glanced over and saw Flickerman gloating, the crowd at the edge of their seat. Nels realized that they were hoping he would attack Logan. He wanted to, oh how he wanted to. He remembered the screams, the blood and the terror when the Domes imploded on the population. He wanted to! The fourth Sandman, Jeremy surprised everyone when he said loudly, "It would have eventually happened, even if Logan and Jessica had not run. Brian Five predicted something like this a year ago when we came to that village near what used to be Washington D.C. When he saw those rifles that Logan destroyed, Brian predicted that, sooner or later, someone would come and want our resources and that Sandmen would have to become more of an army than a police force. I thought he was crazy. We all did." He looked around at the crowd. "I guess he was smarter than us all." "Yet it was the four of you that drove right into District Eleven," Flickerman goaded. He was really getting scared. They were keeping their heads! President Snow looked furious. Logan shouted to the crowd. "There is life beyond your Districts! We ran. You can do the same!" At that, the nearest Peacekeeper slammed the butt of his rifle into Logan's stomach. The crowd was on its feet going crazy. President Snow was saying something furious on a headset. Nels Four was pleased. He had played the game and played it perfectly. He had deflected the question onto Bertram's response about why he had come. The original Boy Tribute had been from one of those Baptist families that had been kind to Nels Four. They had invited him to dinner, twice. That was all the contact that he had with them. Nels Four had never realized before he had met them what he and the others from the City of Domes had missed by not having parents. Nels Four was seventeen, an adult by City standards. There was no way that he was going to stand by and watch that family mourn the death of their small thirteen year old son. So he had volunteered. The biggest thing that had made Nels Four nervous was discovering Bertram Nine had volunteered. Bertram was bigger, stronger and faster than he was. If Bertram had not been in the middle of the semicircle and instead been near the other end, Nels knew that the chances would have been high that they would have been the final two and Bertram Nine would be on stage right now instead of himself. No matter, As he looked at the pandemonium in the crowd. Nels Four knew that there was a very good chance that he would die today. Either way, he knew that he had protected his people. No other Tribute would come from the City of Domes, at least not one of his generation. One other thing he knew as a Peacekeeper slammed him to the ground, no one in Panem would ever forget the word, Sandman.