smiled. Peeta's complements were no surprise to her. He was the sweetest guy in the District and he could make every girl feel special. "Yeah, you do." Gale said. But Gale's complements came as a surprise. He was usually the one getting the complements being the most handsome out of the four. "You know there are other girls here who are waiting for some complements." Madge joked. "Oh of course – and may I say your hair looks absolutely golden in this light!" Peeta smiled. "But then again you always look lovely." Madge grinned. "And Prim what a nice outfit, you have a great sense of style now if only you could give some of that to your sister." "I tried, Peeta, but she's stubborn." "Well, excuse me for not wanting to wear pink puffy dresses and skirts with cats!" Katniss said. "Hmm, Catnip wearing cats . . . that would be quite a sight." Gale chuckled. "Stop calling me Catnip! I am not some freaking plant that gets cats high!" Katniss huffed, her mind went to the pictures she had taken a few days back. She wondered if she could use it to blackmail Gale to stop calling her catnip. But maybe she'll just save it for some other time, when it was absolutely necessary. As they walked Peeta placed his arm on her shoulders but it was a friendly gesture. His arm went around Madge's waist – although her held her waist more loose and carefree than he held Katniss. Still, Gale seemed a little annoyed. "Gale can you come with me to get some cotton candy?" Prim asked. "Sure." He said. "I'll go too!" Madge smiled. She looped her arm through Gale's and pulled him toward the cotton candy station. "We'll all go." Katniss said. "No, you two have to go and save us a spot in the line to the Ferris wheel." Madge said. "See you in a few minutes." Katniss and Peeta stood in line huddling together. It might be spring but the weather had barely warmed up. There was still a need for thick coats and jeans during the night. "What's taking so long?" Katniss asked. "We're almost to the front of the line." There were only two people in front of them and the Ferris wheel would stop at any moment so the next group could get on. Her sister and the others were nowhere to be seen. "Guess we'll just have to go on by ourselves." Peeta smiled. "Won't they get angry?" She asked. "I doubt it." Peeta said. By now it was their turn to board and Peeta took her hand and led her into the metal box. Just a second after they boarded the door was locked and they were moving. He hear Katniss groan. "Still afraid of heights?" He could never understand how a girl that went into the woods every once in a while, faced man-eating creatures, and skinned fluffy squirrels and animals could be bothered by such a simple thing as heights. "Yes." She said. She moved to sit on the middle of the metal seat – away from the glass windows. "Do you remember how we meet at first?" Peeta asked. His blonde head peered down at the crowd. "Madge brought me to the District Park and you were climbing a tree. You got stuck." Katniss giggled at the memory of a thirteen year old boy screaming from help when he was only a few feet above ground. Peeta's face turned red at the memory. He wasn't the bravest boy back then. "No, that was the first time we talked. We first met in first grade." "First grade?" Katniss asked. She tried to think of all the five year old boys she had seen that day but couldn't conjure up anyone that even remotely resembled Peeta. "I was a little chubbier than, you know." Peeta chuckled. "My father pointed you out in the crowd of five year olds. I remember that you wore your hair in two braids back then and wore dresses more often." Katniss nodded remembering how girly she was when she was in Elementary School. He moved to sit next to her. "We were in Music class and the teacher asked who knew the Valley song, your hand shot right up and your signing was . . . well, It was amazing – but you know that." "You were the little boy who gave me the dandelion." Katniss giggled. "I remember you, after music class you came up to me – you were really nervous- and said that you my signing was 'pretty' like a dandelion." "Yes and you told me that dandelions were weeds." Peeta smiled. "You weren't very nice back then." "Sorry about that." Katniss said. "I was a little annoyed because Prim had been crying a lot back then." Peeta smiled. "It's all right." "Dandelions grew to be one of my favorite flowers. There are many uses to them." She smiled. She stood up, slowly, to look out the window. Peeta could see that she was shaking slightly. "Don't be afraid." He whispered. He moved behind her to watch as she stared out the window. "I'll catch you if you fall." His breath against her neck made a chill run through her body. She turned around only to be pressed back to the wall by Peeta. "And what if you fall too?" she whispered. He looked down at her, staring at the way her ruby red lips were slightly open just begging for him to bend down and caress them with his. "Then at least we would fall together." Katniss face turned red but she didn't push him away. "Peeta. . ." Katniss whispered. He leaned in. "Peeta?" The door opened to show Gale and madge standing there, there mouths open in an 'o'. Peeta took a quick step back, his face the shade of a tomato. "What are you. . ." Done! Tell me what you guys think! :)