I can manage, I begin to insert it. Peeta groans; the thing inside his belly is churning harder, moving more rapidly, as if sensing someone encroaching. I push in further and the violent spasms only get more frequent. I look up again at Peeta and see that his eyes are rolled back, and he is wanting to cry out. A hot chill rolls over me and I double my efforts at diligence. I gently probe the arrow inside, getting closer. Suddenly, the baby stops moving. I freeze in response and break into a sudden cold sweat. Could I have killed it? This easy? How was I going to get it out? Still staring at the arrow I ask, "Peeta? Are you okay?" I look up to see him shaking his head emphatically. I look back down and panic, sticking the arrow in further. Peeta screams. I scream. The baby...screams? A howl emanates from between Peeta's legs and again I panic. I move the arrow shaft forward more and Peeta starts howling; now the baby is positively freaking out, it almost looks like its going to break through the taught skin of Peeta's stomach. Suddenly, Peeta sits up, the piece of leather long gone from his mouth, and starts to push. I prod the arrow further; if he pushes it out while I pierce it, we might have some success. But the baby has other ideas; Peeta screams and grips the table with white knuckles. I'm saying over and over, "its going to be okay! Its going to be okay!" Minutes pass, they seem like hours, and then Peeta is giving the greatest heave of all and whoosh! placenta and blood and - the baby - pop out, covering most of the floor in a slick, awful smelling mess. It takes a moment for me to recover and then I rush to Peeta's side. I take his head in my hands and hold it softly; his eyes are closed, his breathing ragged. "Peeta," I whisper. His clammy hand rises to cover mine and with what must be the last remaining shred of energy he has left he says, "I'm okay, Katniss." I broadly smile back, crying all the while, and he grins too until something clouds his face. "The baby?" he asks, his voice barely above a whisper. My smile fades as well and I look at the mess on the floor, at the unmoving lump that Peeta just birthed. I'm looking at it, for a while, until it dawns on me that something is...wrong. I move closer, my heart pounding, and confirm what I think is just an illusion; the baby is furry. Well, furry and scaly. "Its a mutt!" I proclaim and jump back; Peeta grabs my arm. "But is it dead?" he says. I stare holes in it, and it doesn't move. I grab the abortive arrow shaft and gingerly approach; cautiously, I reach out with the arrow to prod, inch by inch, until I make contact. Poke. Nothing happens. Poke. Poke. Still nothing. I'm going in for another poke when I hear the growl. Its not a soft growl, like I imagined a baby mutt would have, but a loud menacing one and before I can react the mutt baby - half lizard and half dog - is flying through the air right at me. I jump back and reach for my bow but am so shaken I can't locate it; the baby sinks its teeth into my arm and I screech, trying desperately to shake it off. "Kill it, Katniss!" Peeta yells. "I'm trying!" I yell back, shaking my arm and spinning in circles. The blood makes everything slick and I fall backwards into a shelf. Luckily this move cracks the baby against a sharp piece of metal and it releases me; my bow has fallen next to me and I seize it, loading up an arrow. I take aim, and fire, but the little creature is too fast, darting past my arrow and out the door. "Go after it, Katniss!" Peeta says, "if it makes it into the underground safe house, it could slaughter everyone - you have to finish the job." I wince. "I don't want to leave you," I say and take his hands in mine. "I'll just rest - and you'll come back to me," Peeta says. I nod, and before any other words can be exchanged I rip myself from his side and dash out the door, on the trail of Peeta's mutt baby. The baby is easy to follow, a trail of blood leads down the hallway. I follow the tiny bloody footprints, shaped kind of like a dogs but with long reptilian claws. I follow them, blocking everything out, though there is not much to see; everyone must be underground and the complex feels abandoned. I start to panic; the footprints are getting lighter, the blood wearing off. I run and run and run, weapon loaded, and then I hear a scream. I look up; I'm in an area of the complex I'm not really familiar with. I hear another scream and I find I'm in luck: the footprints lead in through a cracked door. I shoulder it open and step inside. The mutt baby is devouring president Coin. She looks at me, pleading, "Katniss! Help!" I just stand there, unmoving. I could take out the baby easily from here as the baby is somewhat statically chewing a hole in Coin's neck. The president is choking now, her eyes the only thing able to plead. I could stop this. I should stop this. All I say is, "the Mockingjay is just a stupid bird." Coin collapses on the table, her fingers twitch and then go still. The baby, obviously satiated, turns its attention towards me. Without hesitation I shoot it through the mouth and pin it to the back wall of Coin's office. I turn on my heel and walk out, back to my woman, towards my new life.