bit feminine, much to his embarrassment. He has soft, delicate features. He has a deeply arched, slightly pointed nose, with sort of smaller full tinted pink lips. He has very pale, creamy skin, being like vanilla. He is 5' 7" 132lbs. and he has a slight dip in his hips. He looks so innocent, but one thing you don't notice unless you focus namely on his eyes, are that they are wild, almost always darting around in a paranoid fear. he looks almost crazed, if you just look in his eyes, not just him as a whole. Relationships: -Mom, Callista, sees her son as a monster. -Dad, Riley, he is a bit worried for his son, and is a bit soft for a guy. -Sister, Mare, aged 7, she is sweet and innocent, and loves her brother despite all his craziness. Biography: He was born with his disorder, and people always feared and/or saw him as a freak for it. He was always left out, though not by choice. He tried to fit in, tried to be nice and social, but he would just get laughed at. He became a bit jaded, and being snippy right off the back after about six years of this. Only his sister TRULY excepted him. Personality: He literally has two polar opposite personalities, each of which does not know the other exists, and each goes by a separate name in his mind. ~Altiar- His birth-name. He is a bit psychotic, always thinking he sees ghosts or hears voices. He is a bit suicidal, and scared of almost everything, being emotionally unstable. You give him an off look, and he will breakdown in tears and run out at this point, he is just that sensitive. He believes that the careers are quite literally aliens. He has extreme paranoia, schizophrenia, he has OCD, he twitches quite a bit and they think he may have minor turrets. He often makes outbursts, and things such as "Ng, GAH!, Ah!, um, uh, er, eh, and Fff" are injected randomly within his words along with a twitch, as he often feels uncomfortable around people. He doesn't trust them. However, if he feels secure around you, he appears a bit more calm when talking to you, without all those random sounds here and there in his sentences, with not as much twitching. He can be really sweet if you are kind to him. ~Aiden- This is what his mind dubbed his evil side. He refers to himself in third person, ie. "You can run from Aiden, but you can't hide from Aiden." He is a killing machine, and will kill anyone in his way. He has no control over what he does, and is very creative with how he kills someone. He is worse than the careers, and could easily kill an adorable new born baby in this state. This is what happens when he breaks under pressure, or gets extremely angry. He will even harm those closest to him. He has no memories from the Altiar side of his mind, and vise-versa. He could skin you alive and not feel any emotion, he will sit there expressionless. He feels no mercy, no sympathy, no empathy, just apathy and hatred. He enjoys taking a long time in his kills, often taking hours, or even days to slowly kill them. Shrill screams are music to his ears, and faintly smiled when he hears one. He uses adrenaline if available to keep his victims alive and alert. In America now, he'd be a top 100 wanted person for homicide. When he exits this stage, he blacks out. Quirks/habits: I mentioned most above, but he snaps his fingers or counts sometimes as he walks, and whistles when he is afraid. Issues/problems/fears: I will name his BIGGEST fears, as he has many. His issues and problems are pretty obvious XD Heights, Bugs, Snakes, Human Contact, small areas, dogs, needles, loud drilling noises, and the dark. Reaping Outfit: A wrinkled glossy white dress shirt, with black dress pants and dress shoes. He attempts to comb his hair, but it still looks messy and disheveled. Volunteer (yes or no. If yes, why?): No, he screamed and tried to run when his name was called, his eyes frantically darting around in fear. Interview outfit (optional): He wears a deep blue colored suit, with a glossy white dress shirt and a deep blue tie. They cave him a sedative, just in case. Interview angle: Honest. He seems crazy, and a tad bit dangerous. Games strategy: Just do whatever, and hope to live. Alliance (minimum and maximum): 1-5 including him Romance (yes or no): Either way. It might me nice if someone was able to make him a bit more on the sane side. Either way is fine. Career (yes or no): No. They wouldn't want him, anyways, because Career girls wouldn't even base off of looks like some may... Token: None Strengths: -His Aiden side is not afraid of blood or killing. -He doesn't get attached easily, as very few give him chances. -He is very good with hand held, not actual weapons. (Like stone, glass, poison, teeth, etc.) -He knows herbs very well. -As Aiden, he is very good with aim, and can run very fast. Weaknesses: -As Altiar he cannot harm anyone, as he is too kind for that. -He often hears and sees things not there that throw him off. -If a stone is misplaced and he sees a print, he must move it. Even if it is a trap. -He isn't exactly smart, to say the least... He's not stupid, just average. -Aiden is too focused on his victims, not protecting himself. -Altiar is easily fooled, in most cases. -He trips often when running, and cannot swim worth of anything. Weapon(s) of choice: A sharp rock, or broken glass. His hands are deadly, though. Seriously. He could strangle you fairly easily, and in his Aiden stage could probably break your neck with one hand(Exaggerating, obviously).