were brilliant and could be successful. Or are more worried about feeding their siblings and families than the homework they have due the next day. "I came home because I never wanted to see anyone else from my home suffer the way I did. Children should never know the constant pain of hunger. They should never have to feel unloved and unwanted. They should never have to be mom and dad to their baby sister." Katniss took a long sip of the water near the microphone, her chest getting tight at the memories of her youth. "Home by the Meadow, and all these other organizations and even those not here tonight, need as much help and support as possible. We are non-profits and work off the donations we receive. We charge nothing to feed our families. And there is no stress quite like the one of trying to save a life that means something to you. Those nightmares never truly go away. So, my hope is that you all truly see how hard we are working to save the lives of those forgotten of 12-Ward. And I can only hope that this inspires you to come see our facilities and see how brilliant and wonderful these children are. I am lucky to be with them. They are saving me, and not the other way around. Thank you." The crowd was on it's feet, some already writing checks as they stood to cheer on her speech. Peeta was next to her and without thinking, she fell into his arms and let her tears fall onto his shoulder. He wrapped her in a tight embrace, and she suddenly wanted to be in a movie she never thought she needed to see. When the night had winded down and Katniss' arm was sore from shaking hands and posing for pictures, she was more than ready to slip away and go home. But he was still here, talking with important members of his cabinet and donors. Effie had long left, which means she really was more than welcome to leave, but she just couldn't. She stood in the lobby, pacing back and forth and questioning her motives for staying at an event she did not even want to attend, long after the checks were written and coffee cups cleared. "Waiting for me?" Peeta was standing in the doorway to the ballroom, exhaustion deep in his eyes. "God no. Just waiting on an old friend." She smiled as he walked over to her. "People were tripping over themselves after your speech. Writing checks like it was their job!" "Yeah well…we'll see how long these acts of kindness last. These people act like they care for a few hours and suddenly they think they have changed the world." "They do what they can in the only way they know how." Katniss watched Peeta silently for a moment, completely overwhelmed by him. His ability to always find the good in people, no matter how minuscule, never failed to amaze her. She had denied herself a full view of him all night, but she could no longer ignore how the plum shade of his suit reflected the small brown flecks deep within his blue eyes. The way one strand of his golden hair fell into his left eye constantly, the same way it did all those years ago. She moved closer to him and like magnets, he moved too. "I…I wanted to thank you." Her voice was low, afraid for anyone to hear. "For what?" He was uncomfortably close to her, their noses inches apart. This was inappropriate and it sent a rush through her. She intended to thank him for his advice and trust in her when she did not have it for herself. But...he had opened her heart and on the rare occasions she let the door fly open, it was hard to close it so quickly. "For not changing. For still being…the way you always have been." "You give me too much credit, Katniss." He moved away, the sudden distance upsetting her for a reason she could not place. He ran his hands through his hair, showing his sudden frustration. Old habits die hard. "What you said earlier? About how people really do change? You were right." "No, I was…I was wrong. It was all so clear tonight, in the way people would look at me. To them, I will always be the girl who survived the flames; The girl on fire. And you will always be the boy with the bread. To me at least." "No! You don't get to do that!" He caught himself, his voice carrying throughout the lobby and down the hallways. "When you left. With no goodbye? You were just gone." She couldn't look at him, because when he was wounded, it was like looking into the eyes of a child screaming for a parent that could never come. "I couldn't say goodbye." "So you just left? You just run? I…I had feelings. So many feelings for you." "I know." If anyone was still around, they would know everything. Their biggest secret. Their love that never really went away. It had all felt so familiar; the joy and the rush and excitement of being near him. Of how it had always been before she left. "I had to find out you were back from Jordan from a newspaper clipping being used as a table cloth at a restaurant. You couldn't even call me? How is this the first time I've seen you in person in five years?" "I was afraid. Of this!" "Of what? The truth?" "Of it feeling like nothing had happened. Of it feeling like how it did when we were young." Of me still loving you . "Don't worry about that. You can move on. I have." And with that he was gone; out the door and into his limousine before she could even blink the tears out of her eyes. It was all so familiar… Review!