winter coat. She was just a friendly girl with a face that lit up when she smiled, someone who didn't make a big deal about my past and treated me like just another customer. Because she didn't have all the material she needed at first I had to come in a couple of more times to do some fittings and discuss the exact fabric and colour, something I had dreaded because I thought it would remind me too painfully of Portia. Instead I found myself having a good time and enjoying the casual flirting between us. Before I even realized how it happened casual flirting turned into serious flirting and, well, that's the way the story goes. She is my saviour. She saw my loneliness, understood how broken I was underneath that façade of everything-is-always-peachy-keen. She had nothing to do with the Hunger Games or the rebellion or anything like that, had never done anything to betray me or double-cross me or use me for her own purposes. She was just there, offering me friendship and eventually her heart. Thinking about her and our next encounter kept me going and became one of the few things I looked forward to. I told her very, very little about my past experiences and she never pressed for more. Occasionally she did ask a question or two about something she had seen me say or do on television but it was never with malicious intent and I came to realize very early on that anything I said to her stayed between us. Most importantly, in her I found something I have never experienced before. She wanted me. She wasn't afraid to show it. She made me feel accepted in a way that nobody ever has before, certainly not my own family. Unlike Haymitch she didn't tack on a sarcastic glib or a dry remark with every hint of actual affection and unlike Katniss she didn't keep me at arm's length. With Katniss it was always such a struggle for me. I loved her so desperately and I wanted so badly to be near her, be seen by her, be accepted and loved by her but even as I know she slowly began to care about me and even perhaps feel attracted to me on some level she always kept me at a distance. Sure, she'd let me hold her in my arms at night and she'd seek comfort in my embrace. She would open up to me about things she knew only somebody else who went into the 74th Hunger Games arena could understand and she would openly show concern when she feared for my safety. But there was always a wall there between us and I always knew she didn't want me too close. Looking back I really feel like she took advantage of me at times, whether consciously or not. I loved her so and would have given her the moon if she asked for it and I was so pathetically eager to please her. She was a broken person who had seen more than her share of pain and fear and she would cling to me like I was her rock but she didn't love me and she made sure I knew there was a line I oughtn't to cross. Lace is different. She is in love with me, the first person to have ever felt that way about me, and she's only happy to express it. She doesn't have any walls up, doesn't hold back anything, never makes me feel like I'm pushing past her comfort zone. With her I've never wondered if she actually wants me there, like I did with Katniss several times. Sometimes I feel like I find myself in the role Katniss used to fill while Lace plays the part I played before. I'm the one with the emotional wall up, with secrets and darkness in my past that I'm not comfortable talking about and sometimes I want to seclude myself completely. Lace is patient, understanding, comforting and basically everything else I tried to be with Katniss before the Quarter Quell. Luckily in this situation there's at least mutual affection and infatuation. I want to be with Lace and I think she knows that. True, it's not the strong, all-consuming love I know I once felt for Katniss and, truth be told, I still stand on the cusp at with her but it's more than I ever thought I would get with somebody else. It's not a love that would move heaven and earth but it's love and asking for more than that is not reasonable nor realistic. I try not to think about the one other similarity between Lace and me now and Katniss and I in the past. Katniss' heart was with Gale, even though I believe she didn't really admit it to herself. Part of my heart is with Katniss now, which makes me feel guilty since I know I can never give Lace all of me. I can only hope that she will accept what I have left to offer. Lying here in the darkness next to the one person who has made me feel wholly and completely accepted in my life I realize that this is a golden opportunity to let go of some of the pain in the past and move forward unto a fresh start. I can put a lock on the part of my heart that will always belong to Katniss and I can accept truly and fully, once and for all, that she does not love me like that and she never will. In doing so I can instead focus everything on Lace. I can have a real life again. I can hold on to the one person who has made me feel genuinely loved. There is a chance I won't have to lose her too. When she wakes up tomorrow morning I can bring her breakfast in bed and ask her to be my wife.