let yourself go, feel my hands on your skin, nothing more. Don't think." He led her to closer to the bed, without letting go he sat back on the bed, taking her with him. Once he had her positioned between his legs, he opened her up. He had seen a naked female before…more like a girl, much like his Kat. She had been beautiful, but forbidden. It hadn't stop him from wanting her. With his back reclining on the headboard, he could see Peeta's troubled face. Finnick had to assuage his fears, and inspire his confidence. In the midst of his perusal of their Kat, Peeta had attain arousal on his own, it what a glorious sight. Hmm, later Finn. You'll have him later, he thought. "Peeta…Peeta, we are ready for you. Come here, baby. I've readied her for you." Katniss felt trapped inside her own body, as it was forced to be opened, to be plentiful, to be fruitful, for all of Panem. The Hob had taught her all she needed to do was comply with her masters' commands, as they would do the rest. Just open your legs, let him enter you, close your eyes. Think of your childhood with Prim, Father and Mother, she told herself. Katniss had known what living free among others was like, loving whomever you wanted without fear of being snatched and turned into a breeding property. She hated having being born female. Outside of the outcast community her family had found shelter in, Panem's Law dictated your life according to your sex. Women were just a means to an end, easily discarded after the breeding deed was done. Her father had confessed to her when she was old enough, that being a man wasn't easier either. For him, it had been hell once he was matched to an older man. Her father had never felt attracted to males, so he resisted the union. The man didn't wait, only took what was his by right. Her father killed said man with his own hands, knowing his fate would be death. Only fate gifted him another chance, when he was sure he would perish in a forest that became his refuge, where an angel saved him. She would become the mother of his two daughters and the love of his life. If they hadn't been caught she would still be there. Probably married to Gale Hawthorne, with her belly growing with their third child. She would have been free. She would have had love. Tears spilled from her eyes, as she relived her parents' death and her capture. Her father's dead eyes staring blankly, she'll never forget. Yes, she hated being born a female. "No need for tears. We'll be gentle and we'll take good care of you, our Kat." Unwanted hands brushed her tears away, as they returned to hold her closer to his chest. She felt his erection nudging at her back. It made her tense in place, knowing she had to surrender. Another set of hands took hold of her hips, her eyes opened startled. Blue eyes stared back, showing discomfort and disgust. It was mutual. "Closer, Peeta." The man behind her moved one of his hands towards the apex of her legs, his fingers probing with intend. She shifted moving away from his intruding fingers. The hands on her hips stopped her. An unintended moan escaped her, making them believe she was finally giving in. "Take her, Peeta. She's y-yours. S-she's ready." Finnick nuzzled her neck, taking in her scent. It was delicious and tempting him to partake in the coming activities. Peeta was a man on a mission, any hesitation on his part had momentarily vanished. He stared at her sex in wonder. It certainly was different from being with Finn. Grinding his pelvis, he could feel her… He had to have her, to plunge into her, mark her as his. Nudging his member between her opened lower lips by Finnick's hands, he pushed forward. There were no more moans of pleasure, but of pain. He was hurting her. As he was about to pull back, Finnick's voice held him in place. "You need to be careful now, Peeta. You need to push forward, do it gently as you possibly can. This is the proof our Kat had been untouched…until now. Slowly, push through it." Her walls were trying to push him out, saying he was invading where he wasn't wanted, but he had to do this. Peeta had to claim her. Her eyes opened and locked with his, beseeching him closer. Her lips moved, but no sound came out. What was she trying to say? Did she want him to stop? Her hands took hold on Finnick's thighs, leaving imprints of her nails. She was ready, it was inevitable. Please, just do it already, thought Katniss. She even voiced it silently, hoping it would soon be over. "Look Peeta, our kitten likes to leave scratches behind. She's willing. Take what is yours. Make her ours, make our baby." Ours . Peeta swiftly thrust forward. Katniss gasped, her hands not giving enough hold. It burned so badly, she felt like she was being lanced by hot poker. "Stay still. Damn, Peet. I told you to go slow. Don't move. You better not have lacerated her walls, or you won't be able to fuck her tomorrow. There, there, my kitty Kat. I'll make it better in no time." The pain was still there, but one of her masters knew how to mold her body, to trick it into submission. "Come, Peet." Finnick had stopped touching, and was now cradling Peeta's face, forcing it closer. He kissed the man forcefully, both grunting and moaning at the contact. Peeta could barely keep his pace, and floundered until he felt his spurting orgasm. He collapsed on top of Katniss, completely wiped out. His face was nestled on her neck. She tried to push him off, and turned her head away. It was done.