Now, he's got to marry the girl. Truth be told, I don't think she minds that much, it was pretty much the only way to force Rye to commit to her. Finally." "Rye? Rye Mellark? He's the one that got caught with Delly?" Gale rolled his eyes at me, with a duh expression on his face. "Of course, Rye. Delly has been pining for him since forever. He was the one acting all aloof, no strings attached, he's a free agent and can do whatever he wants. I told him to cut the shit and take responsibility for once in his life. Down at the Hob, bets are being taking on whether he's knocked her up, and what the baby will be, girl or boy. Boy is the one ahead. I'm happy and sad for them, you know. Poor Delly has been through the ringer since last night, but I'm sure it will workout in the end." "Not Peeta." "No. Hell no. Peeta and Delly are like brothers, just like you and me. He would've never touched her that way. They've known each other since birth, I think. He was upset with Rye for disrespecting her, and causing all this uproar between the families, but he'll be supportive in the end. He loves them both." Judgmental. Entitled Proud. Isn't lonely up there? ¸¸.•*´¨`*•.¸¸.•*´¨`*•.¸¸.•*´¨`*•.¸¸.• For the next few months, I pretended nothing was amiss. I did my school work. I woke before sunrise, crossed the fence, met with Gale, hunted for a while, returned, traded my game in the Hob, got ready for school. The same routine, day after day, was the only constant. Inside my head, all I could see were my actions. Actions that consequences, for now I could see, and he wasn't there. Not watching me across the room. Not watching at school's end. No intense gaze. No charming smiles. No blue eyes. No cornsilk hair. In passing, I had heard by Madge discussing with Delly, that Peeta had completed his coursework, taken the equivalency tests, so he could start working full-time in the bakery. And like a coward, I avoided walking through the front store, always pushing Gale to do the trading with Mr. Mellark, in the backway. As for the bet, it was a bust, for no baby bump started growing in the following months after the dance. Delly and Rye were, in fact married, in a simple ceremony, with a private toasting ceremony, in their little apartment close to their families' homes. She kept going to school, while Rye worked in the bakery part-time, dividing his time, with his remaining school work. I had to confess I had never seen Delly any happier. Every time Rye would kiss her cheek, while walking the corridors during class break, she would beam all through the next hour. It was damn irritating and adorable at the same time. Just like seeing footage of Finnick and Annie's wedding broadcast in every television in the District, haunting my every step. The only way to escape was going through the fence and running away to the woods. So that's what I did, smelling the air, thinking about my dad and how he taught me everything I knew about hunting. Sitting by the lake, I could remember the days when he would teach me how to swim. How he would also teach Prim, when she got older, something that never came to pass. Prim has never crossed the District's boundary fence. It was a risk I was willing to take, even after all her begging. I regretted it now, as I sat on my own. Isn't lonely up there? My eyes welled with tears, but I held them back until I wasn't able to. No one could see, so I let them fall. Only it didn't stop at tears, as I started sobbing. With no one to hear, no one to talk to, I was overwhelmed with emotions I couldn't name. It was all too much. Why was I sad for? My father's death? Years had gone by, and I had survived on my skills and determination alone. My dream man getting married to another woman? Even now, I had to confess, it was a foolish dream, of a foolish, prideful girl. Not worthy of your love. Those words had destroyed a possibility, blinded me of the truth, standing right in front of me. And now it was too late, and I was gutless to admit my failings, to ask forgiveness. For I would not forgive myself for such an act of unkindness. "I forgive you." I screamed at the sudden voice beside me. It was someone I never expected to see again, much less see here beyond the fence. "W-what are you doing here? Did someone see you? We have to go back-" And there it was that smile, with dimples. His eyes shined, lively again. His hands were covered in flour, and beside him a small bag dusted with it sat. "I brought you something I made especially for you… Something completely new. I want to see if you approve of it. Gale helped me through the fence, so you don't have to worry." Once again, mouth agape, I just stared at him. "Not one more tear, Katniss. Not one. For you are worthy of every kindness, of every word of love, and every smile in each and every day from this day until my very last." ¸¸.•*´¨`*•.¸¸.•*´¨`*•.¸¸.•*´¨`*•.¸¸.• Those very same words, Peeta repeated them to me, every time I shed a tear. He said them as we had our toasting ceremony. When our first child was born, a lovely blue-eyed boy, with dimples, and corn silk hair. He said them when my mother passed away, as my sister moved away to study medicine to become the best surgeon of Panem. For his words showed me how worthy every single person is, how kindness and love joined us together, one smile at a time. For the rest of our lives.