wore off. The second I could seem I noticed the whole side of the hovercraft was torn by the lightning, including the engine that sputtered and was then slashed off by a gale of wind. I was so frightened that I froze, paralyzed at the sight, until Johanna burst out of the quarter, horror in her wide-set brown eyes that were usually so full of venom instead. " Katniss !" she screamed, throwing herself forward and grabbing my arm, hurling me into the rooms. Just in time, for the second the door shut behind me, the sound of the remaining engine sputtered and died, and the hovercraft tilted, falling from the heavens. Sheer fright electrified the air, and I slammed and rolled all across the room, along with Annie, Johanna, and Neri. Images flashed through my mind, of my mother and my sister, Prim, of my father who died when I was young. Of young Peeta tossing me a burnt loaf of bread to fill our bellies for the night. Of me throwing myself forward as tribute for the 74th Hunger Games. Of Rue dying in my arms as I sang her a lullaby. Of Peeta and I and our kiss in the cave, on live TV. Of surviving the Careers. Of killing the mutts and Cato at last. Of Peeta and I standing face-to-face, holding our handfuls of nightlock berries, star-crossed lovers. Of Peeta gently touching my braid like he loved me. And he did love me. He told me so. Here, the visions sped up until they blurred like the scenery outside the windows of the train to the Capitol. Returning to District 12. Reptilian eyes of President Snow and how he reeked of blood and roses. Touring. Rebellion. The Quarter Quell. Crying in the snow. Finnick offering me a cube of sugar in exchange for secrets. Cinna's bloody body in a lump on the dressing room floor. A clock island. Previous victors perishing one by one, each dying more horrible deaths than the last. Fireworks exploding as I burst the force field. Now everything sped by in frames, and I could barely keep up. District 13. Peeta captured. President Coin. Mockingjay. Mockingjay. Mockingjay. Peeta trying to kill me. Annie and Finnick. Second Rebellion. Sewers. Blood. Hate. Darkness. Disembodied heads. My little sister meeting my eyes right before she died. Snow. Roses. Rich children Games. Arrow through Coin's heart. Falling down. Getting helped up again. Real or not real? Peeta, my darling, I couldn't tell you if I knew the difference between fantasy and reality these days. I remembered in length Peeta's marriage to me, with the biggest, most beautiful wedding cake, frosted green as the forest, my favorite color. I recalled how Peeta smiled so widely whenever he saw me, broad shoulders thrown back proudly, his china-blue eyes glittering; I saw that unruly scrap of blonde hair always falling across his forehead so I could push it back in place. All his little motions came back, small touches – even if he put a hand on my shoulder, it felt like he put it on my heart. Last, I saw the children, Prim and Marz, running through the tall golden grass to him as he played with them – piggyback rides and silly games Peeta and I never had the time or the freedom to play as a kid. This made my heart ache until I swore it squeezed smaller. Peeta never treated me like a basket-case though everyone else did – he treated me like he loved me. And he did . Peeta loved me with all his soul, all his being, and though I never admitted it as profusely as he did every day, deep inside I knew I loved him fully with all of my self. But I never got to tell him enough, and that's what killed me. With a thud, the hovercraft hit the ground, and everyone fell. My head whacked hard against a metal pole that held up a bunk bed, and I crumbled into a ragdoll, blackness and blood edging my vision. To keep myself awake, I told myself my children's names. Primrose Rue Mellark. Marzipan Cinna Mellark. My Prim and Marz. I didn't know if I was awake or asleep or in between, but my last vision came to me, quietly, without noise and chaos. It was one of the peaceful beginning. Gale and I hunting in the woods, the only place where I felt like myself, where he made me laugh, taught me to survive, and taught me how to trust him, no matter what. The sunlight filtered yellow as butter between the lush green leaves, birds whistled, wind hushed, and the stream burbled, leading to the calm expanse of our lake where I first learned to swim. Gale teaching me how to draw my bowstring, how to shoot clean through the eye of a squirrel. Gale promising to take care of Mother and Prim as he held me close like it was our last embrace. Gale's wounded look when I returned from the Games, alive, but with Peeta on my arm. Gale kissing me tempestuously in the forest, showing me his love even though he knew I didn't love him. Gale getting whipped in the town square, blood running down his bare back. Me kissing Gale to keep his mind off the pain. Gale holding me to keep me from falling apart, showing us we were not children anymore, and maybe, we never were. Gale telling me he loved me. Me replying " I know ." How I woke up one day and he was gone to District 2, given a fancy job there. Gale gone, and me, for some reason, missing him. Then, those words, spoken from his mouth. "We could run away, you and I. We'd make it , you know." If I had run away with Gale, would none of this agony have ever happened? I succumbed to the pain, and knew no more.