strawberries my son brings you." Hazelle smiled, a smug expression on her face. Gale moved stiffly down the street to his house. His time at the Everdeens was frustrating. For a while he enjoyed the attention Katniss showed him, but then it was too much to hear her with Peeta and Haymitch. The Catnip he knew was gone and he needed to realize that. This one tried to live in two worlds, but couldn't handle the reality of either. No one would look him in the face. It was like he had a plague about him. The hell with them. They're all cowards. They would rather wait for scraps to fall off the table than go out and do something to survive. Although his days of hunting were over, he didn't regret it. He'd only regretting causing his family pain. When Gale got to his house, he paused to take it all in. It was so different from where Katniss now lived, but it felt real. Genuine love and family resided in it. Not the warped relationship Katniss had in hers; she was more of a mother to Prim than a sister and her own mother was like a servant. It never bothered Gale before but after being there for several days, he couldn't take it any more. His mother was the cornerstone of his family and he could never treat her as less than the heroic woman she was. "Gale!" Vick yelled as he tore out of the house with Rory a few steps behind. Gale's mom wasn't supposed to tell them about his whipping. He wanted to do it himself and it looked like he'd have to do it sooner than later. "Guys!" He held his hands up to ward them off, but the brothers rushed full speed ahead. "Boys!" Hazelle yelled out the door. "Don't tackle your brother. He's not feeling well." That brought them to a stop. Rory looked at his mother and then back to Gale. "What did they do to you after you were arrested?" "Arrested? How did you know about that?" Gale looked at their mother. "Madge told us," Vick said, his eyes straining to see a sign of what was wrong with Gale. "Madge Undersee?" Gale's shock was apparent. "Yes, Gale, the Mayor's daughter." Hazelle motioned for them to come inside. Gale carefully stepped onto the porch and kissed his mother on the forehead. His brow furrowed. "Madge was here?" "Didn't Katniss tell you?" "Tell me what?" Gale growled. "Gale!" Posy squealed from the doorway of the bedroom. She was on her feet and wrapped in a thick blue blanket. A pink ribbon tied her hair back from her speckled face. "Look what Madge gave me." She tugged on the ribbon and smiled. Gale smiled at his baby sister. He wanted to pick her up but the pain in his back was returning. He'd need some more morphling. Prim said it was addictive and he should only use a little each day. "Gale needs to rest." Hazelle scooped Posy up and hugged her. "Can I crash with you, Pose?" Gale asked. "Just like Madge did." Gale looked at his mother and then his brothers. "Why was the mayor's daughter sleeping in our bedroom?" "Boys, can you leave Gale and me alone for a bit? You can return the stew containers to Greasy Sae." Vick and Rory obviously wanted to stay, but his mother's word was absolute. "I'll see you guys later and tell you all about what happened. I promise," he said with a smile to his little brothers. Gale sat at the kitchen table with a groan. "Do you need…" "Not yet." He put up a hand. "I don't want to waste it unless it really hurts." His mother put Posy back into bed with the promise of a story and then joined Gale at the table. "Katniss was supposed to tell you where the morphling came from. It killed the pain so you could heal faster." "I figured it came from her mom." "It's a very expensive drug from the Capitol." Hazelle leaned forward and took his hand. "Madge Undersee brought it to Katniss's house during the blizzard. She then went to The Hob, got food for the kids, sent someone to get medicine for Posy and stayed here for three days with the kids." Gale was stunned. He remembered selling strawberries to Madge and talking with her about the Games. She believed Katniss would win and never lost faith. Once she even gave him a wad of money for the collection in The Hob. The more time Gale spent around her and watching her, the more he realized she wasn't a snob. The girl in the white dress was just trying to be a good friend. He resented the meals she got and the wealth in her home, but he couldn't resent her. She was just too damned sweet. And now this. "What possessed her to do that?" "I believe she's sweet on you," Hazelle said. "What? Oh, I didn't realize I said that out loud." Gale felt a smile touch his face and his heartbeat increased. "Really? The mayor's daughter? And a criminal like me?" "Stranger things have happened," Hazelle replied. "Not to mention your siblings adore her." "I had no idea she had that kind of… courage." Gale looked at the covering of snow outside. "Haymitch said he'd never seen a blizzard like it. Three days of blinding snow and freezing temps. I heard at least a dozen folks froze to death the first night." "Then you owe her one big Thank You ," Hazelle said as she got up. "And this one better not involve a visit to the slag heap." "Ma!" Gale gasped as she closed Posy's door. How do you thank someone who has everything? TBC A/N: This won't be more than two or three chapters. I just wanted to try a different take on the aftermath of Gale's whipping. Thanks for indulging me.