you only win by eliminating the competition." The tone of her voice left no question as to how the participants would be expected to 'eliminate' one another. And the gasps from around the room told me that everyone had understood the implications, a general buzz of chatter permeates the room and the fear from beforehand has dissolved and gave way to the gentle warmth of anticipation and excitement. And as expected it is Gregor who attempts to discredit the young engineer. "So, you're grand plan is something along the lines of lining up 24 District children and having 24 Peacekeepers shoot them down, yet one barrel is barren of bullets. That sounds like a simple alternative to your little 'Pageant'" I struggle to prevent myself from banging my head against my desk; Gregor's antipathy is making him desperately try to discredit Corrine. But the only thing he is succeeding in is making himself look nothing more than a pompous fool. Corrine catches my eye and shakes her head at his rash stupidity. "No, the Capitol acting out and killing 23 District civilians is basically adding fuel to the fire of hope rather than suppressing it. The key to this whole concept is to alienate the Districts against one another, and since you're incapable of understanding maybe you require an example. A male from District 2 brutally murders the female of District 9, this results in resentment between the two Districts. Therefore the probability of said Districts forming an alliance to take down the Capitol is reduced…Are you all following me?" My own tenor joins the choral response of agreement throughout the room. I, myself, begin to ponder the logistics of Corrine's proposal and concede that the idea itself, while flawed, is the better than anything I have been able to put together. Gregor's bitterness is palpable as he concedes defeat by emptying his tumbler of Malt Whiskey. He grunts in agreement. "Okay Corrine, you're right. We throw them all into a room and one comes out." Gregor's response is met by an exasperated sigh from Corrine who pinches the bridge of her nose. Her gesture appears to radiate frustration, but when she turns her gaze to Gregor her blue eyes are full of pity and it's at that moment that Corrine has cinched absolute victory over Samsa as the people spread throughout the room began to titter at his expense. Gregor's lime complexion began to darken to a forest green in embarrassment and Corrine simply turned her back to the spluttering man, before addressing the room at large. "Gregor's idea does have 'merit' but it lacks foresight. We need to look at the bigger picture; this concept can be exploited to not only punish and suppress the Districts. This can benefit the Capitol too, both economically and socially: We fashion this as entertainment, make it something that people will talk about. People will have their favourites and could 'sponsor' them throughout the ordeal. But it would be costly, we can manufacture anything they'd need for barely anything but if somebody wants one of the participants to have, a crossbow for example, they'd have to pay a lot which would then be brought back into the Capitol and reinvested into other areas… But that's not all, we could completely alter the relationship between the Capitol and the Districts. We have one 'Victor', we shower them with riches they can take back to their District. We could repeat this every year, the participants would be competing for riches that their District direly needs. Rather than planning an uprising, they'll be more concerned with survival or the glory of being the individual who brought prosperity to their District. They will need us." A triumphant glimmer made itself known in Corrine's eyes. She had everyone sold on the idea, myself included. I couldn't doubt now that Corrine's genius is what will ensure my ascension to the most revered President in Panem's history. My fingers tingled in anticipation for Corrine's proposal to come into existence, my lips curling in satisfaction that the District's would be reminded time and time again of their powerlessness against the might of the Capitol. This would be what reminded the Districts one and for all, that they should never have bitten the hand that feeds them. As the room remains speechless as they muse over what Snow had said, I stand and all eyes are suddenly fixed on me. "Corrine, your twisted logic and harrowing intelligence never fail to impress me. In due course, we will have to meet and discuss this 'Pageant' further. But until then, we must celebrate the end of the Dark Days." My words are greeted with a chorus of cheers as people return to their mundane conversations, about how Tilley Dunois has supposedly devised a dye that would alter the color of people's feces. I, however, seek out Corrine. Her eyes are fixed on me, shining with joy that I have practically given the go ahead for her sordid fantasy to become a reality. She gave me a coy smile before turning her back and leaving the celebration before I could as much as ask her if she'd like a drink. Rather than wasting time in pondering the enigmatic Snow woman, and the consequent migraine, I head towards the liquor cabinet: Long live the Capitol. I hope you enjoyed the prologue and the characters I've created. Obviously there is no canon conception of the Hunger Games so I have improvised. If you'd like to submit a tribute, which I hope you do, drop a review and I'll send you the tribute form via PM. Also, I won't be doing a 'sponsor' system but you can earn some brownie points by answering the two questions I will put at the end of each chapter. Which character's name, that appears in this chapter, has been taken from a play? Which play was it taken from? If you lived in Panem, which District would you call home? Why?