into his arms and slid his large warm body over hers pinning her to the bed. The grasp of her other lover was tactfully withdrawn and when Katniss glanced at Peeta's face it was peaceful and still with his eyes closed. She smirked at him knowing instantly that he was not really sleeping. But her attention was pulled back as Gale kissed her gently on the neck murmuring her name again. "Katniss" He pulls her tight to his body and presses his throbbing hard on against her. She complied open her legs for him and with a satisfied grunt he slid home to bury himself deep in her depths. Gale pressed her firm to the mattress, his hands running up behind her shoulders and clasping her hard against him. She felt the full weight of him on her as he buried himself deep inside her, pressing with his feet on the egde of the bed, he moans into her neck. "Oh God Katniss" He gently and slowly makes love to her, telling her with his body the things he cannot say out loud. His orgasm quickly overwhelms him and he comes onto tight heated body shuddering violently but gently gasping into her neck, as she cradles his head against her. It's only after they have slipped apart and are drifting off the sleep again that Katniss thinks to herself 'He called me Katniss not Catnip. Why?' Then she realized he was saying good bye. Later Katniss woke up again feeling a delicious throbbing need in her groin and she rolled towards Peeta this time, wanting to share a moment with him as well. She moves to him, and finding him awake at her touches she began to caress him everywhere. Peeta smiled at her in response needing to touch her everywhere as well. She climbed up in top of him and slipped his swollen cock into her depths relishing the pressure this new position caused inside her. She sat up on him rolling her hips back and forth against him as her moaned in response. Peeta thrust at her from below and then feeling more need he rolled her over pinning her to the bed beneath him and she wrapped her legs around him. Glancing over, Katniss noticed Gale on his side a small distance away leaning his head down on his arm watching them. She looked at him worried for a second, but her eyes rolled back with a deep thrust from Peeta. When she looked again, Gale just smiled at her, with a 'don't think so much' look on his face. Katniss felt how erotic it was to have him witnessing her pleasure from such an intimate moment. Peeta's eyes remained closed pressed to her neck as he moved his body against her. Katniss continued looking at Gale, her face getting red, but feeling very turned on as her watched her. She locked her eyes with him as Peeta pounded into her, until she was panting and getting frantic and so close to her orgasm. Gale watched open mouthed panting hard with his own arousal. Katniss' face was tense with her need to release so close and she watched Gale. He then nodded at her and she came violently, the incredible feeling from Peeta's body and Gale's encouragement being the last thing to push her over the edge. Katniss collapsed sated back into her happy oblivion. She smiled in her happiness at the perfect moments she had with both of them. Somewhere deep inside her she knew it could never last. Even if she only got to experience this once at least she got to have them both, both men that she loved. One had to steal small moments of love, peace and sanity when they came, because you never knew if you would get it again. Katniss stayed awake after, spooning with Peeta and facing Gale petting him. She ran her hands over his shoulders and face as if keeping him in her sight could somehow keep him there with her. But exhaustion wore out and she finally fell asleep. Gale slipped out of bed from his lovers in the early dawn brushing a small dry kiss onto her hairline,(Some wildfires search out a quiet dry kiss upon leaving.**) not waking her. He glanced at Peeta's face and saw he was awake not moving, just watching Gale with steady eyes. They locked stares for a moment, sharing all that had passed between them. Then resigned and somehow at peace with it, Gale nodded at Peeta, and he ever so slightly nodded back, telling him that yes he will watch over her and protect her and be there for her always. Gale quietly packed up his belongings and his military gear he donned his uniform then with one final glance at his lovers he turned and walked out of her life for what he thought would be the last time. Katniss woke several hours later. Happy, sore and content with her sweet strong lover curled behind her. She reached her hand out to the empty space in front of her and feeling the cold sheets she snapped fully awake. She lifted her head looking around the apartment noticing that his meager belongings were not there. She glanced behind her to where Peeta was watching her carefully. "He's gone, isn't he?" Peeta just nodded sadly at her. She rolled to him collapsing in his arms crying at her loss, his strong steady arms comforting and reassuring around her. He held her and let her cry, mourning the loss of one man that she loved. "Will I lose you to? Promise me you won't ever go?" "I promise Katniss" "Stay with me?" "Yes…. Always" Gale knew that he was leaving, he hadn't been able to tell her though, and this was his way of giving her a perfect goodbye, and ensuring that a man that he trusted would love her and take care of as much as he would have.