finger pressed at her from the inside, easily sliding in and out of her tight heated sheath. Katniss felt her body building, tightening rapidly towards her release. She was bucking up towards his clever hand and panting his name under her breath. "Peta, oh Peta, Peta" She felt a tidal wave of sensation rushing through her and she could only just barely hang on. "Ah ah ah ah…. PETA! PETA! AH AH! PETA!" he body clenched and tightened around his hand. She arched tight like a bow as she rose off of the log, her feet and her head the only part touching, her arms raised up in the air her fists clenched and her face tense. "Oh Peta, Peta! Peta! AHHHHH!" her body released in thunderous orgasm, her chamber tightening rapidly milking his fingers as warm fluid flowed over him. She collapsed sated resting again back on the log. Peta came to hover over her face his talented hands stroking her cheek, "You are the most beautiful thing that I have ever seen Katniss." "Oh Peta!" She wrapped a flopping arm over his neck and pulled him tight against her too spent to kiss him she just hugged him tight her lips pressed tight against him not moving. They remained that way for several long minutes time seemed to warp and when he became aware of his surroundings again the sun seemed to be much lower on the horizon. A far off noise in the forest had Katniss jumping up alert. And she paused, deadly still, listening. Her head whipped around to the direction it came from her eyes going wide in panic. Quickly she climbed up the nearest tree and hovered there just as a troop of guards from district thirteen came into their clearing. "We are here to escort you back" the young guard stated firmly. "No thanks" Peta said looking nonchalant. "But, but we have to…" the guard almost whined. "Well I'm going to wait for Katniss to come back, and personally I just don't want you guys here ok" "Where did she go?" "I think she's off climbing a tree somewhere" the exasperated guard looked up into the foliage of the tree never once noticing the camouflaged forest nymph that lay pressed against the bark. "Fine we will wait for her to get back" "No thank you" "But we have to" "Look I know you have a job to do, but if you stay here you may set off the craziness in my head, and I need all the calm I can get right now. Being under guard reminds me of my capture and imprisonment." The young guard who must have heard some of Peta's story gained a look of sympathy. "Ok we will leave you, but only if you agree to meet up with us at the doors and we all return together." "Definitely agreed, thank you" and the guards departed as a green brown leaf colored shadow of a person dropped silently to the ground beside him. He turned to stare at her in awe. "They never saw you, and I think at one point he actually even looked directly at you." Katniss just grinned in return. He grasped her arms and held them out to the side. "Look at you. You are the forest, completely. You are so at home here you are a part of it. You are so beautiful to me Katniss" she hugged him tightly to her, not feeling her nudity at all. She was painted, she was covered. She was at one with the forest. Katniss did a quick swim in the river to wash the paint off. "Come in and join me" she tried to coax Peta. "I can't swim very well right now with one bum leg, and besides I don't trust myself very much around you right now." He grinned at her from the bank. They met with the guards and returned to the sunken terrain of district thirteen. Haymitch met them in the elevators as they descended. "Where the hell have you two been all day? Eh?" "We went to the forest to paint as part of Peta's therapy" Katniss said defensively "Oh I see." Haymitch stated and he just stared trying to decide if he should continue this fight or not. He noticed how they stood closer to each other and how they blushed when looking at each other. Then he spotted paint on Katniss' neck leading under her collar. "You have paint on your neck Katniss" she blushed and pulled her collar up instead of giving him some smartass response. "Oh do I?" Haymitch hid a smirk at their expense, and punched a button in the elevator to let him out. "Just don't let it happen again." The next day when Katniss went to check on Peta she found that he had been up again all night not able to sleep, but this time instead of being haunted by unseen terrors, he had spent his hours painting the forest. The one picture that they had done together hung on the wall above his bed. She studied it closely for several long minutes. Something about was different from yesterday. As she stared she became more aware of an outline of a person hiding in the branches of the tree. It was her naked self, painted camouflage and hiding in the branches of the tree. Her mouth popped open when she realized it. And she spun around to see a grinning Peta behind her. "I was wondering if you would notice" He started to blush "you're not mad are you? I wanted to remember that moment forever" But she wasn't mad, she was overjoyed, she hadn't seen him grin like that in a long time and it warmed her heart. She went to him wrapping her arms around him tight. "Peta, you can paint me again any time you want to." And she turned to face him pressing her lips against his smiling mouth.