the bed next to him, staring down at the man. He didn't know. There was no way he could, not when his soulmark was so broken. Not when he wouldn't have even registered the pain through the agony of almost losing his intestines. Not when he'd flatlined. And of course she hadn't figured it out. She'd expected her soulmate to be almost ten years younger than her, not six and a half years older. On top of that, she'd avoided thinking about it as much as possible. If she never met her soulmate, she could pretend they didn't exist. She couldn't pretend anymore. She didn't know how or why her words were so faded on his stomach. But she knew they were there, and they were hers. He was hers. Effie wondered momentarily where Maysilee's words were. She hadn't seen them when she'd finally gotten him naked, or at least she hadn't noticed them. Though, admittedly, the darkness of the room probably helped him there. She looked at him, thinking. He'd rubbed his neck a lot in his Games. She looked up at his neck and there, in a spot that would be covered by a collared shirt, she saw dark gray words that were as disjointed as hers on his stomach. * We** **v* lo*g** w**h t*o of *s. * Effie turned off the lamp and lay down next to her soulmate. She knew him well enough, after twelve years of working together. He wouldn't want to worry about her. And he definitely wouldn't want anyone else to know. Neither did she. Soulmates could be used against you. The Capitol had already used his first soulmate against him. She didn't want that to happen to either of them, not ever. So it was better if he didn't know, so he wouldn't have to face that again. Besides, there were already too many unanswered questions. She had no idea what could make soulmarks look disjointed like that. She had no idea it was even possible to get another soulmate after yours died. And yet, somehow, she wasn't surprised that Haymitch Abernathy broke all the rules. oOo Haymitch wasn't expecting to be so relieved when he saw Effie Trinket in District Thirteen. He was. Damn, but he was glad Plutarch had gotten her out. "Good to see you, Princess," he said. She smiled at him. She looked truly absurd in that Thirteen uniform, though even here she'd managed to express her own unique style. "You too." They still worked well as a team, helping figure out how to show Katniss as the Mockingjay, how to work with (and around) District Thirteen. How to fight the Capitol. How to get things done. And somehow, every night, Haymitch found himself sleeping in Effie Trinket's bed, holding her close. The nightmares never stopped. They wouldn't, not while Peeta was still Snow's prisoner, not while Katniss was such a wreck. But somehow having Effie there to soothe him after one made it that much less terrible. And he wasn't the only one. She had her share of nightmares too, something Haymitch never would've expected from the pampered Capitol princess she'd been. She'd changed. He felt guilty, sometimes, knowing he had Effie while Katniss was missing Peeta. Even more so, after they got him back, because he wasn't the same. He knew Effie felt it too, and they both did their best to do what they could for both of their kids. Their kids. Their kids! How the hell had he managed to end up with kids with Effie Trinket of all people? Haymitch stood in front of the small shaving mirror in the bathroom in their quarters (after a month of sleeping there every night he'd just given up and moved in with Effie), looking at himself. It had been a long time since he had; he'd avoided mirrors ever since he'd won his Games. But now he looked his fill. He looked a lot like what little he could remember of his father. The man had died years before his Games. Haymitch could barely remember him. But he remembered a bit of how he'd looked, and Haymitch looked pretty similar. He also looked tired. Which wasn't surprising, given the forced detox. But now that he was done with it, he felt better. Healthier. Carefully, he pulled his Thirteen issued shirt down until he could see the base of his neck. Huh. Maysilee's words – once candy pink, then dark gray, then removed by whatever procedure the Capitol had used – were coming back. They weren't complete, not like they'd been when he was sixteen. But they were there. Haymitch smiled wryly. As much as he'd loved her, they'd been kids. They'd barely known each other. And Maysilee was long dead. She was his past. She couldn't be his future. But Effie… Effie could. He pulled his shirt back into place and nodded at himself. They had a war to win. A Mockingjay to protect. A baker to rescue. But after it was all over? Maybe, for once, he'd take a chance. oOo After it was all over, after Snow and Coin were both dead, Katniss was sent back to District Twelve. And both of them knew Haymitch would be going with her. Effie couldn't, not quite yet. There was too much to do in the Capitol and she was needed there. They didn't discuss it, but they both knew they'd be splitting up. Haymitch and Katniss came to say their goodbyes before they actually left. Effie smiled at them and wished them well. Then Haymitch surprised her. He kissed her once on the lips. In front of Katniss, no less. "Don't be a stranger," he said. She smiled at her soulmate. "I won't." She watched them walk away. When they were done, when Panem was reformed and all of them were safe… Then, then she would go to them. She touched her lips. And maybe she'd finally tell Haymitch that they were soulmates. oOo