my girlfriend. Satisfied that there's nothing I go up the stairs and change out of the fine clothes I'm wearing, one of the last outfits made by Portia that I still have, and into my regular clothes. I run a hand through my hair to un-style my curls, feeling only angrier as I work on cleansing myself and the house from this night, rather than more at ease as I thought I would. I'm tempted to head to bed almost right away but my stomach is still growling and even though I have no appetite I still have to eat something. Back down in the kitchen I grab some oatmeal and make myself some porridge. I can hear Buttercup scratching on the kitchen door and I let him back in without a word. I then eat my porridge standing by the kitchen counter and once it's gone I resist the urge to wash the dishes and leave them on the dish rack for Katniss to see when she gets home. It would be mildly satisfactory to remind her of what she missed tonight but it's too childish, even for my current frame of mind. I wash the dishes, dry them off, put them back in the cabinet and head upstairs to go to bed. Once underneath the covers I try to calm down but it's anything but easy. I can't believe Katniss did this. I try to ignore that voice inside of me that came to life with the hijacking, the one that's telling me now that this just shows how low I rank on her scale of priorities. I'm not going to have an attack tonight, not if I can help it, but the voice can be there sometimes anyway and now I can't get it to shut up. It does indeed seem like I'm not a priority to her. Instead of being here with me on my birthday she is with her committee until the late hours of the evening, or worse, she is alone with Gale Hawthorne. It's true that I did insist that we shouldn't make a big deal out of the day and that I don't care that it's my birthday but we made plans in the end and I did all the work and she stood me up. I groan when I think about tomorrow and how I will no doubt run into Haymitch at some point. He knows about the plans we had made for tonight and he knows that I've actually been looking forward to it. He's bound to ask me how it all went and what do I tell him? That she didn't come home? That I threw our dinner in the trash after waiting for her for three hours? It's humiliating and I don't want to tell him what really happened. I can't lie to him either because he loves to tease Katniss when he knows we've done something romantic , knowing she gets uncomfortable being badgered on the subject. Once he mentions it to her he's going to hear the truth and then I will look even more foolish. I suppose I'll have to try and answer him as vaguely as possible. When I finally hear the front door open downstairs I glance at the alarm clock and learn that it's close to midnight. I close my eyes and decide to pretend I'm asleep. I can't deal with Katniss saying she's sorry and giving me some excuse as to why she never showed up and I can't deal with her acting like nothing's wrong, proving she forgot. I just want to be left alone now and hold off on deciding how to handle this until morning. She moves around a bit downstairs, mumbles something to the cat and then begins to climb the stairs. Normally I can't hear her footsteps but the house is so quiet tonight and I have nothing else to listen for. The bedroom door creaks a little when she opens it and I hear her soft footsteps moving across the room and into the bathroom, without pause. The water runs for a few minutes, the toilet flushes. Eventually she comes back out and makes her way to the bed. I can feel the mattress dip when she gets under the covers and I try not to stiffen. For once I hope she won't seek me out under the covers and wrap an arm around me. I'm lying on my stomach with my face to the window rather than the bedroom door, wanting to avoid her but to do it discreetly. If I was on my side facing away from her she might suspect something's wrong because I never go to bed that way unless she is already in bed with me, wrapping her body around mine from behind. I wait to see what she will do. I hear and feel her move around a bit to find a comfortable position. Then she sighs tiredly and seems to go to sleep. I'm relieved, and at the same time I'm frustrated and hurt. The previous nights when she's come home after I've gone to bed she's woken me up but not tonight. Knowing it will be difficult to go to sleep tonight I hold back a sigh and try to fight the unpleasant feelings inside me. I can't remember the last time I felt this alone on my birthday, not even my sixteenth birthday which I spent in my house here in the Victors' Village with only a brief visit from my family to break the boredom. I think this is the first time since we became a real couple that I have felt truly alone, and Katniss sleeping beside me is doing nothing to change that. Yeah, Peeta's a bit… melodramatic, I guess, towards the end. But, I figure he has the right to be, every once in a while. The next chapter is from Katniss' POV. I'd love to hear your comments! Thanks for reading.