is unlike anything else I've ever felt. I never knew it was possible to feel so close to someone, emotionally as well as physically. It's a little uncomfortable at first but as we go along it begins to feel better. I feel what is almost an aching, longing sensation each time he pulls away from me and a delicious surge through my body when he pushes back in. One follows the other, over and over, combining to bring me to a place I never knew I could go. The sensations feed off of my hunger but it's the first thing I've felt that seems capable of quenching said hunger and I realize that this is what I've been wanting, what the hunger has been telling me to get. "You okay?" mumbles Peeta against my mouth. How is he able to speak? I couldn't form a coherent sentence at the moment if my life depended on it. I manage to nod instead and lift my head ever so slightly to find his lips again, hoping that I can communicate better this way. His hand trails down my body and the tips of his fingers find that sensitive spot again and I let out a very guttural, non-ladylike grunt that he somehow manages not to laugh at. I don't know for how long it goes on. I just know that there's still something I'm trying to reach, some sensation my body is chasing, but either nobody ever told me what that is or my mind is too foggy at the moment to be able to figure out the answer. There must be some natural ending to what we are doing but I'm not sure what it is. All I know is that the way to reach wherever I'm trying to go is through Peeta. I'm oddly aware of how my body is behaving at the moment – skin sweating, heart pounding, breathing labored. It's like I'm literally racing towards something. It's strange how the symptoms can be the same as when I wake from a nightmare yet they are so positive and good. Wherever my body is trying to go it's somewhere I want to be. Suddenly I'm there. Pleasure and pressure build inside me until it boils over and an intense feeling grips me so tight I fear I'm squeezing Peeta too hard in my embrace. I lose control of my muscles but I don't even care, letting them spasm and cramp while I vaguely wonder how long this very pleasurable feeling can last. Peeta. His name is on my mind, on my lips, but I don't know if I'm able to actually produce the vocals of his name. Of course a feeling like this comes from him. It feels now like I've always known it, like it's been there from the start. Peeta is light and gentleness and the hope that there can be happiness in life. I want more of him, want to never not be with him, want him to be a part of everything that I do. I can't understand what I'm feeling, I just know it's something better than I ever thought possible, even before the Games and the rebellion and all the misery. It's something that only Peeta can give me and I haven't known until now how much I need it. When it's over I'm almost completely limp. I'm aware that Peeta is shuddering above me and letting out little gasps and moans. Then the next thing I know he's moved to the side of me and for a brief second I'm overwhelmed by the sense of loss and feel a desperate need to find him again and cling to him tight. His arms find me instead and roll me over on my side, pressing me close to him. He's on his back now and I have his arm around me and his chest to wrap my own arm over. My head has come to rest right by his on the pillow and when he turns his to face me our noses lightly touch. He gives me a soft kiss. My hand reaches up and caresses his cheek. I vaguely remember that I had a nightmare and how frightened I felt when I woke up. Now that feeling couldn't be farther away. I needed to feel that I still have Peeta and he showed me so in a way that leaves no doubt. I might still lose him to forces beyond our control but I'm not longer petrified of that to the point where I choose to keep a distance between us. I'd rather live with this feeling for as long as I'm granted the ability to. Happiness shouldn't be possible anymore but because of him it still is. I'm okay once I realize you're here . I wish I could find a way to tell him all of this. Not because he deserves to know after all the time he's been devoted to me or all the sacrifices he's made for me or all the pain he's suffered because of me. I want to be able to tell him this for my own sake; because I want to know that he knows how much he matters to me. I want to share the feeling in my chest with him and know that he understands. I want to make him feel safe and protected and for him to know that there is a person to whom he means more than anything in the world. As can be expected, Peeta finds a way to help me. "You love me" he whispers. "Real or not real?" I give him my answer. "Real." Wasn't what you expected when you first started reading, was it? ;) When it comes to writing smut I'm very inexperienced but I hope it doesn't read as awkward as it sometimes was to write. I would love some feedback (not on the smut specifically but on the story as a whole ;) )!