my stomach, sliding one into my hair, tucking back the loose, death black curls. Zipping up my uniform jacket and tucking in the flowers, a piece of paper fell out of my body's pocket. Cato picked it up, it was slightly ripped and crumpled, I recognised it well, it was the piece of paper Cali had given us each the day before her reaping, the letter in case we got split apart, written in Cali's perfect swirly handwriting, she wrote how she said that she hoped I knew how much I meant to her, and how no matter what I mustn't change, how she signed it with 'I love you'. I remember how I cried when I read it the first time. How I read it after she died, when she screamed out my name in pain and fear and I could do nothing, and how I never recovered after her death, she told me not to change, but that clove had died with her. How I knew after that that I would never be the same again, in no way, shape or form. He read it, and cried, the same memories flooding back to him too, he kissed her signature, then folded it up and place it in my palms. He kissed me on the hand, and then got up and walked away, crying more than ever. I watched as he wiped away his tears and sorted himself out, he may be dying inside, but he was still as wise as he had always been, he knew he couldn't show weakness, not for anyone. He made his way around the forest, making quick hast, until he stopped in his tracks, he heard rustling, quickly after a tall figure ran in the opposite direction, and Cato knew exactly who it is, he gripped his sword with such strength it was unbelievable, he ran so fast, he was flawless and utterly unstoppable. He reached the figure and threw his sword, just the way I had taught him to; it hit the target, right in the shoulder blade. The figure crashed to the floor, Cato stabbed the sword in further, and I tried to close my eyes, impossible, I had no choice but to see this. Drawing his sword he whispered "Marvel killed Rue" Turning himself around he ran. I supposed he wanted him to feel guilty in his final moments of life. This was reasonable. He did love me after all, through thick and thin. Trust me. I would know. He ran and ran and ran and I knew exactly where to, he was running to where he knew they would be, after all, they could win it together now. The capitol did love romance. He ran to the cornucopia. He ran to kill... them. I saw them running first, before Cato. I saw the beasts first, before Cato. I sensed the danger first, before Cato. I went as fast as could towards him, and forced him into the woods, it wasn't safe, and he would die. The beasts snarled at the bottom of the cornucopia, they stood on top, trying so hard to kill them, it seemed like they were invisible, all of her shots, were annoyingly perfect, but still they ricocheted against their leather skins, if they sensed Cato's presence they could kill him, without a shadow of a doubt. I forced him again to the bottom of the other side of the cornucopia, he climbed the back of it effortlessly, and with minimal noise, he grabbed the boy, Peeta I think his name was, artificial fear flashed on Katniss'' face, it made me feel sick, how could she let him die, thinking he loved her? Thinking that she cared? Tears fell down Cato's face; his face was a mess, a large gash down his right cheek bone, blood and tears fogging his face. He threatened, and insulted, gripping Peeta's throat tighter, I could tell he doubted whether he could win, there's no reason he couldn't, maybe he felt as lost without me as I did without him. I used to hate thinking soppy thoughts like that, I tried as hard as I could to block them out since the start of the interviews, but it didn't matter now, those thoughts were all I could hold on to, now I was dead. Katniss gripped her bow, getting ready to shoot, "You shoot I fall and he falls, and you win. How much do you really care about him?" I admired what he was saying, but he was being dangerously brave, I worried for him. I whispered, "Think about what you are doing" to both Katniss and Cato. I didn't know if anyone could hear me, but I had to try. She struggled on her grip, thinking. She could hear me. I looked over at Cato, he didn't even flinch, and he obviously couldn't. She gripped and pulled, He fell They attacked. I stared in awe at I looked at the faces before me, The girl from 12 The boy from... 12. I looked down at the body, being devoured, I saw the fear and terror in his eyes, I couldn't look away, and his eyes were fixed on me, maybe he knew I was there, maybe he didn't but at that moment, I knew for a fact he loved me, and he knew for a fact I loved him. "Please, I can't take it" I whispered. She heard me, She shot her arrow with perfect precision, right to the heart, I blew a kiss to him, as his eyes shut. I wanted to put his body next to mine, but I couldn't. I wanted to bring him back... But I couldn't .I could only do one thing. I could never ever forget, the girl of art and the boy with the swords. I loved them. We were all together now, in a place better than the world we used to live in. The cruel world of Panem. By RoseOnFire