my heart in a way that overcomes me every now and then, usually when I remember how close I came to losing him and his love forever and how his feelings for me are a gift and nothing to take for granted. Usually when that feeling comes over me we are making love and I seem to be stricken out of nowhere by the thought of how easily Snow could have prevented me from ever having this. It's almost always followed by thoughts of how blessed I feel to have his love and how I would be lost without it. Before I can get too wrapped up in myself and in this feeling I hear the front door opening and the bellowing meow of a very unhappy cat. Quickly, as if I've been doing something shameful or forbidden, I reach for the remote and turn the tape and the television off. I hear Peeta talking to the cat and then Buttercup makes a noise followed by him racing into the sitting room, wet as a rag and looking so miserable and indignant that it makes me laugh. He stops in front of the fireplace and complains loudly when he notices that there's no fire going. Taking pity on him I get up and walk over there, shoving him aside so that I can get a fire going. "Poor old ugly wet cat" I say. "They had to shave him a bit to get access to the wound" says Peeta behind me. "I promised him you wouldn't make fun of him for that." I look over my shoulder to get a glimpse of him while I work on starting the fire. His curls are wet and he shakes his head a bit, sending droplets of water flying everywhere. My eyes then go to the cat, who does indeed have a bald spot right by his ear. The rest of Buttercup is as soaking wet as Peeta's hair. "Still raining, huh?" I say. "Yeah, and our furry companion wouldn't hold still in the cage so it tipped back and forth while I was carrying it" answers Peeta. "Consequently he's now as wet as my hair." The fire starts to cackle and I put more firewood on it before backing away, allowing Buttercup room to sit close to it and get warm. He furiously licks his wet coat and makes grumbling noises all the while. "But his ear is all better now?" I ask. "Yep. Should be fine." He walks over to me and playfully buries his face in my neck, shaking his head again so I'm splashed with his wet hair. I yelp and give him a shove but his laughter along with what I saw in the interview makes it impossible for me to be mad at him. Instead I wrap my arms around his neck and pull him closer to me. "Uh oh" he says. "Retaliation time?" "Thank you for taking the cat to the vet" I say, giving him a kiss. "And for everything else you do." "My pleasure" he smiles. He plants a kiss on my lips and then walks out of my arms, grabbing his shirt to pull it over his head. His mind is clearly on how he got cold in the rain and poor Buttercup's ear but removing his clothes only makes the hunger inside me rise even more. "I'm going to go upstairs and change." "How about I draw you a bath?" I suggest. "Yeah?" His eyebrows are raised in questioning but he looks happy at the offer. "Yeah" I say. I walk closer to him and run my finger across his chest with a smirk. "Anything to get you to take your clothes off." He laughs, still apparently thinking we're just jesting with each other but following me eagerly up the stairs. I draw a bath for him while he tells me the details of the trip to the vet and then he finishes taking his clothes off. While he sinks into the water I hang his wet garments up to dry and then I take my own clothes off and join him in the tub, sitting down opposite him. For the moment my arousal has dimmed just a touch and right now I feel I just want emotional closeness with him. Physical closeness will follow once we are out of the tub. There's less water to dry up from the floor if we hold off on sex until the bath is over, plus I like the idea of drying him off in a very slow and deliberate manner. "Having a good day?" asks Peeta with a smile, sensing my frame of mind even if he doesn't see the full depth of it just yet. "Yeah" I say. "You know, I've been thinking about those interviews in the garden." "What about them?" "Specifically, the final question… What we want to do with our lives…" "And?" "And I just want to continue to love you. That's pretty much all I want. Everything else that happens is just a bonus." He smiles warmly at me, takes my foot in his hand and lifts it to his mouth. He places a kiss on the tip of each toe and I try not to recoil when it tickles. "I wouldn't mind it if you love me for the rest of your life" he says casually. "So okay. I'll allow it." Making a face I splash some water at him and he laughs, the sound bringing that feeling to my heart again. I know tonight I might have a terrible nightmare or tomorrow I might be overcome with the guilt and the loss and all the other burdens I live with but today none of that can steal the focus. Today the only thing that I will be able to think of and focus on is the man in the tub with me, and of how there are no doubt countless other days like this in our future.