to be judging the competition was fighting a grin, trying not to anger Katniss anymore. As Katniss bent forward into a good starting position, he winked at me over her head. "Ready…. Set….GO!" And we're off! I leap at the climbing wall and start racing up it, hand over hand, foot over foot. I glance quickly to the side and see that the bitch is slightly ahead of me. How dare she! Soon we're at the ceiling net and things begin to get hard because we have to climb upside down. I persevere in not trying to look down because I know I'll probably have some sort of freak out and fall. I simply keep going, hand over hand, foot over foot. Katniss is still in front of me so I step up the pace a little bit so that I am now directly behind her. As we're reaching the 3 quarter mark, I see Katpiss's head turning to look at me. Her face shows shock that I can keep up with her. Then she smirks. Everything seems as if it's running in slow motion. Katniss drops one of her feet from the net, but instead of bringing it forward to continue climbing along, she thrusts it backward… into my face! I hear Peeta yell my name as my hands slip from the net. I feel a sense of falling… and then suddenly I'm jerked to a halt, still upside down. I open my eyes that I had unconsciously shut and look up at my feet. My left foot had got hooked in the net which had prevented my fall. I let out a shaky breath as did a few others below me. Looking down, I see all the onlookers gazing up at me, some in shock, some in relief. Even the Careers look a bit stricken. Peeta is pacing back and forth underneath me, worry etched into all his features. It's nice to know that he already cares about me even though we've only known each other less than a day. I look along the net and see that Katniss is already nearing the opposite wall. Stupid bitch! How dare she kick me in the face! I think my nose is broken or at least badly bruised because I can feel the warm, thick blood trailing down my face and into my fiery orange hair. Damn, it going to take ages to get it all out! I quickly swing myself back up to the net and untangle my left foot so that I can continue. I have to go as fast as I possibly can to catch up and beat Katpiss. When I reach the last net, Katniss is already half way down. I have to get down before her. For Peeta. But, what to do? I can't climb that fast… hmm… what is faster than climbing?... Ah Ha! Gravity is a bitch, Katniss! And with that, I let go of the net. People gasp below and Peeta, for the second time in less than five minutes, shouts out my name as I tumble through the air. I can't look to reassure him though. I have to concentrate. I see a dark blurred blob whiz past me. That was probably Katpiss. Shh… Focus! The ground was coming closer and closer. I have to act now. My hands shot out towards the net and they slammed closed on the rope. My arms scream in the strain of holding on when my body jerks to a halt. I shakily look down and my eyes widen. My feet dangle less than a meter off the ground. I could have died… But I beat Katpiss! I drop to the floor and smirk up at the bitch, who is frozen in shock, still half way up the net. Then I turn around to the open mouthed crowd, take a deep bow and said, "And that my friends is how you beat a bitch." There was silence from every one. And then they all burst into applause. Even the game makers. Peeta comes forward and high fives me. I make note in my head that we had to come up with some kind of secret hand shake but think that that would have to be an activity for later. Everyone starts to head back to their other stations, the Career's giving me a wink as they look between me and a very unhappy bitch who just reached the bottom of the net. I give them a retarded salute in return. Katpiss sulks off to the animal identification station, ignoring my malicious smirk. I want to blow a raspberry in her direction but steal myself when I hear a voice from behind. "Umm… Hi." I turn around towards the voice and see a girl about a year younger than me. Her hair is just shorter than shoulder length and it's curly and chocolate coloured. I smile. "Hi. Did you enjoy the show?" The girls smile turns cheeky and impish. "Yeah, that bitch had it coming. You could literally see the steam rolling out of her ears when you won." She holds out her hand and I shake it. "I'm Ishbel, by the way, Ishbel Russel. District 3. But most people call me the TishMonkey." "I'm Nina Vixen, otherwise known as FoxFace from District 5 and this," I say, pointing at Peeta who had been watching the Career's decapitate the dummies, "is Peeta. District 12, but I call him BreadBoy." Upon hearing his name, Peeta turns around to me and Ishbel, smiling and shaking Ishbel's hand. "So, FoxFace and BreadBoy," TishMonkey grins, "What should we do next?" -END OF PART 1- Hope you enjoyed! I'll write another chapter if I can be bothered. Please review or I'll die of sadness. No flames please. Unlike Katpiss and Peeta, I don't do fire. It's coming up to Valentine's Day and I'm still forever alone. At least I have you random strangers on the internet, right? 'Til next time. Bye.