were those names on the memorial at the heart of Four, his father's among them. It was true that he was a murderer, but he was not just a murderer. Finnick Odair was a hero, a soldier who fought and died in the Rebellion—this he knows for certain. "No, you're wrong. My father's not a murderer, or a...whore. He was a hero." Merrill whispers the last part. The boy smirks, and shakes his head, as if to say, Can you believe this kid? Merrill can feel the humiliation burn into his cheeks. Yet, he continues. "And you don't know anything about Mother," he says, soft but firm. "She's my mother and she takes care of me and loves me!" His voice escalates with each word. "You—you just hear lies and repeat them. All of you are wrong. " For a second, everything is quiet. The boy is at a loss for words, face beat red with embarrassment. "Whatever," he hisses. He turns away. Merrill sits back down. And, as much as he tries to fight it, a small smile of a fight fought and won spreads across his face. It isn't much, but it's enough, for now. So maybe he doesn't know his father quite as well as he thought he did. Neither him nor his mother. Merrill's too old to play in the sand. In a year, he'll graduate from school, and be old enough for a job, old enough to live by himself. He would like to leave the district, but only for a while. Visit the Capitol, the other districts. Maybe find a job in Three or Five, where there are still factories that specialize in technology. They say that the ones at Three rarely see the sun, and that its more superficial and man-made than natural. It's a world away from Four. He entertains himself with the thought of living there. He would probably be happy living and working there for a while, but he would eventually get homesick and come home. But he will probably end up staying here, by the sea and sun. He and his mother still come to the beach on Saturdays. He sits next to her on the sand. They don't say much during this time, just a few words here and there. Mostly, he watches the waves advance and recede, and thinks of how easily water could demolish the sand castles he might have made when he was still a child. His mother watches the sea, too, but for a different reason. For her husband, his father. Out of the blue, she asks, "Merrill, how is school?" "It's fine, I guess," he says. It's vague, he knows, and not the answer she wants out of him, but school isn't a subject he wants to elaborate on. She's silent, as if she's waiting for him to say something more, so he adds, "It's better. It's not exactly ideal, but better." "That's good," she says. They're both quiet for a minute. Then, he blurts out, "Mother, do you think it would be alright if I..." He stops abruptly, afraid of what he's about to say. This time, she's the one waiting for him to continue. "Would you think it would be alright if I go somewhere else after I graduate? Like another district, but just for a while, to see what it's like outside of Four. It won't be long," he finishes. He peeks at her from the corner of his eye, gauging her reaction. She smiles gently. There's maybe a tinge of unhappiness in her gaze—a touch of disappointment, and this is what makes Merrill look away in guilt, and his hopes of traveling somewhere far beyond the borders of Four vanish. He's fine with staying in Four, he supposes. It really wouldn't be so bad, he tells himself. It's where he grew up, where his parents grew up. His family's here. After a pause, she says, "Yes, it's alright." He gives her a skeptical look. "Really? Are you sure?" he says. She nods, still smiling. Merrill whispers to himself, "Alright, then." He shifts in the sand beside his mother so that he's staring straight across the ocean. He can't see the other side of it. From where he is, it's all but a smooth waves, lapping the sand and then retreating. His textbooks say that there's nothing but water for a long, long distance, and that the other side of the ocean is outside of Panem. Undiscovered. There's a thousand different futures that leaving Four could lead to, and a thousand more, staying here. The only thing he knows for certain is that no matter where he goes, he'll come back here again, someday. Without words, the beach is lonely. Even with his mother right beside him, the silence hangs over them. Maybe she can feel it, too, because she doesn't stop him when he speaks. Most of the time, he's the one who does the talking, his mother the listening. He talks until his throat is sore, or until the sun dips below the horizon, whichever comes first. He talks about anything he could think of. It's odd, because he's supposed to be the quiet one, the daydreamer who sits at the back of the class by himself and doodles in his notebook. It isn't supposed to be this way. It is supposed to be the other way around. Even so, he doesn't stop. His mother says that she can see his father everywhere she goes in Four: the raging waves, the summer sun, the busy chatter of the people as they walk across town. It's different for him. All he can see is the monument at the heart of the district that honors all those who have fought and died in the war, the heroes. His father's name is near the first few. Though on the windier days, when the sand shifts around him, a miniature sandstorm revolving around him and him alone, he thinks he can. fin.