Something about antibodies or whatever in the initial milk..." "Tell them to find somebody else who just had a baby and let her nurse." "It has to be you, Katniss. I'm sorry." "I can't!" I burst out, new tears falling down my face. "Gale I can ' t . Please, please don't ask this of me." He walks up to me and pulls me into a hug, letting me sob against his shoulder for a few minutes. He then speaks to me in a soothing voice, gently caressing the back of my head. "I know how difficult this is for you but you can do it. It's just one more thing for you to do for your baby." "It's not my baby." I make a half hearted attempt at stilling my sobs. "Gale I can't even look at the baby; how am I supposed to be able to hold it?" "Katniss..." Gently Gale takes a seat on the bed next to me. "You can't force the baby from your mind and pretend it never existed by refusing to look or touch. You will always be someone who gave birth to a child, nothing can change that. Nurse the baby. I think it would be good for you. You get the chance to say goodbye and to give your child one last parting gift. You've done so much to ensure this child's future, why stop now when there's just one more thing left to do?" "Okay" I nod after a moment, not sure where I'm finding the strength to agree to this. "Okay, for the baby's sake. But Gale I can't look at the baby. I just can't." "It's going to be tricky to nurse without looking" he points out. "One of the nurses will have to help me." "Okay" he nods softly and gets up from the bed. I take a deep breath and gather what strength I have left, closing my eyes again. I keep them firmly shut as one of the nurses brings the baby into the room and helps me unbutton my hospital gown and expose my left breast. I can hear the little noises made by the infant and it takes everything I've got not to begin to cry again. My eyes remain closed as the baby is placed in my arms. For a second I feel a bit relieved. The baby is wrapped in a blanket so all I can really feel of him or her is the weight. Then a tiny mouth nuzzles against my breast and, with some help from the nurse, latches on to my nipple. I wince as the baby begins to suckle. It's painful on so many levels but most of all emotionally. I sit there for a while, silent tears falling down my cheeks, the little child nursing from my breast. Peeta's and my baby. I vaguely remember what it felt like that night on the train when Peeta sucked on my nipples. He only did it briefly but it felt nicer than this. I pray fervently that he won't ever find out about this baby's existence because I know without a doubt that he would hate me for denying him the right to be here. The little child seems strong, suckling without hesitation. Hungry. That's fitting. I still can't comprehend that the creature in my arms is alive, a product of me and Peeta. Still, it's fitting, too. Peeta brings life. He helped me survive the arena and now he has made new life together with me. The nurse softly urges me to open my eyes and look at the baby but I refuse. I cannot have that kind of connection; I can't put a tiny little face or even the hand that presses against my breast to the person I'm about to give up for all eternity. I'm petrified that I might see myself or Prim in the baby and even more scared I might see Peeta. I know I can't have a face to attribute to the longing I will forever be feeling because if so I won't ever be able to close my eyes again without seeing that tiny little person. He or she can't become an individual to me or I won't survive the loss. Finally, at long last, the baby has had enough to eat and the nurse takes him or her away again. Once the baby is gone and my eyes have opened they ask me to move from the bed to a wheelchair and then they take me to a different room to rest. I'm asked if I want Gale to come and keep me company but I want to be alone. I climb into the bed, pulling the blanket up around me and curling up on my side, staring blankly out the window without seeing a thing. Never in my life have I felt more alone. Never have I longed for someone as much as I do now, not even when my father had just died. For a moment I don't even know for sure if it's the baby I long for or the baby's father. It doesn't really matter. Neither one of them can be here with me. "Forgive me" I whisper to them both, more tears falling down my face. "Forgive me, please ." Aching both physically and emotionally I cry myself to sleep that night, wondering how I will ever be able to look Peeta in the eye again. After no more than an hour I wake up from a nightmare and I wish with every part of my being that Peeta was here holding me and making me feel safe and that the soft baby blue blanket I'm nuzzling against is our baby and not just the blanket the baby was wrapped around when I was nursing. I honestly don't know why my stories keep including babies and pregnancies... In this case, though, the baby is obviously not going to be featured much. Thanks for reading!