didn't have to call her mom if I didn't want to. Mom never stuck. "Thanks Polly." I said with a smile. She nodded and shoot it off. I was already dressed because I was already wearing my reaping clothes last night. Polly handed me my cane and helped me downstairs to the kitchen. Bacon sat on the table. She had eggs on her plate, but eggs disgust me. We ate in silence both unsure of what would happen in the future. Polly's daughter Samria came down stairs. She was pretty but forbidden and off limits to me. She wouldn't like me anyways... "Good morning Sam." I said in my most mature voice. "What is so good about it?" she said like always. She hardly changed. Her hair was in a ponytail like always, she had mascara and nothing else, and she wore a loose sweater, jeans, and her combat boots. She had tan skin, light freckles, green eyes and brown hair. Sam wore her usual scowl. I could never get her to smile or laugh, but today seemed different.. "Why did the seagull fly over the sea" I started. "We don't live in district 4." she grumbled. "Because if it flew over the bay it would be a bagel!" I finished. Polly laughed but Sam muttered something under her breath. I sighed at the thought that she probably thinks i'm idiotic.. Sam's mouth twisted into a cruel smile. "What do you call a cow with no legs?" she asked. My stomach dropped and Polly glared at her. "Ground beef." she whispered before walking away to go hunting. "Wait!" I called after her. "May I go with you?" Sam stopped and turned around. "If you came with me, that would be a disaster. The academy would never forgive me." she said, her scowl returning. "I will follow you then!" I yelled to her as she ran away. I ran as fast as my artificial legs would take me, but that was't very fast. I knew where the academy was so it didn't matter if I couldn't keep up. After what seemed an hour I got there and threw the door open. Heads turned, and everyone looked at me. The academy wasn't much of an academy. It was mostly a hangout for kids to safely learn how to fight. Sam was smiling and chatting with a boy at the spear section. He picked up a spear and winked at her, then threw it, hitting his mark right in the heart, then he threw another, hitting the target right between it's eyes. Sam jumped up and down with joy, and hugged him, planting a kiss on his cheek. I got closer and began to occupy my self, while listening to their conversation. "I'm going to volunteer with you then." the boy said. "Please you don't need to." she said modestly. "I don't want you getting hurt. No one needs me though. My mom is totes over protective of the stupid cripple." she paused for a moment, "Please don't. I can take of myself really. I just need someone to sponsor me and cheer for me. I have to go now. My mom must be wondering where I am. You will visit me after the reaping right?" she asked. "Of course babe." he replied. They kissed 1 more time and she ran off. I knew I should either be at home, or one of my friends house, just so that she knew I didn't end up following her. I decided on just going to the candy shop. I bought 5 pounds worth of candy. It might seem like a lot, but if I was going to volunteer to protect Sam, then I might as well enjoy life while it lasts. Lana's POV Today would be a good day. Districts 1, 2, and 4 were FULL of volunteers. I knew this would be interesting. I glanced at my bright orange floor length dress. It was plain but I like being plain. My blonde hair was braided in a fish tail and I was 5 inches taller because of my black heels. I wanted to get right to the point, so I walked on stage as the mayor was speaking. "Hey y'all!" I yelled. The mayor coughed so I practically pushed him aside. I went straight to the girls bowl, and pulled out a name. "I volunteer." someone yelled. She literally flipped onto the stage. "I'm Samria Flate." she said boldly. I bit my lip and pulled out another name. "Kate Winstonar." A blonde girl walked on stage, pretending as if no one existed. "Shanti Juy." A scream erupted in the crowd. It was a mother. "Please! Please not my baby!" she screamed. A 12 year old girl walked on stage. She was very fragile and weak. Her head was shaved. I knew she wasn't normal.. She had.. what is the name.. She had cancer. My friend had cancer. She paid so much money for the therapy. Because of all the therapy, she had to have no hair. I paused for another moment to remember her. She died 2 years ago. "Now for the boys." I said snapping myself back into reality. "I volunteer." said a boy in the back. He walked funny and I almost laughed, but then I noticed the glint of metal. He was a cripple. A groan came from on the stage and Samria looked very mad. "I am Shilling Flate." he said quietly, and sat down. I pulled the next name. "Westing Becca." but there was another volunteer, "Longan Mae" he said. "Rowan Becca." I called. A boy looked at his brother, Westing I assumed, and walked up. They all stood up holding hands. "I present to you.. The tributes of district 2!" Hello! Thanks for taking the time to read this.. um.. Districts 3 and 4 should be coming out tomorrow or Thursday ^w^ Alright well bye my lovelies! I hope you all saw and loved catching fire! ~Rue's Roses