once I appreciate the Gamemakers ingenuity. They can make a rather good nap but they can also kill me in five seconds flat. I look out of the large window to see a whole new scene before me. This district is definitely not full of corn and woven baskets. The ground is rocky and has hills. A few houses dot here and there. This must be District 8, textiles. I think about that boy sitting outside with his siblings in a backyard and I get this sinking feeling. Is it guilt? I didn't do anything to him. Maybe I'm thinking of the boy I killed or I am feeling the guilt the Capitol should have. A small lake chugs up to the train and it has to make a quick detour. The water is clear and very reflective. I wonder if all water in District 8 is like this. Then I see myself only for a few moments before the train runs away. My hair sticks out in a lot of places over my head. My skin is slightly sunburned and my expression is unreadable with the exception being the frown on my face and the furrow in my eyebrows, the hardness in my stormy gray eyes. It takes awhile to accept that this will be the expression that I will have for a long while. I mean, it's not like you smile in the Hunger Games. In the far distance, I see the unmistakable line that marks the crossing from District 8 to District 7, or the other way around. Afternoon haze blurs my vision some so I can't tell if there is someone crouching by the edge or anywhere beyond. I'm trusting luck, which may get me killed. A small wheat field comes up into view. I can almost picture a one or two families of four or five, women gossiping about affairs, little children laughing and fighting with sticks. I can imagine the strong men direct livestock. I know this isn't District 10, livestock, but even District 12 has a small orchard with trees. But of course, it is behind the fence surrounding the whole entire district. The barbed-wire, electrocuted fence that encloses us, supposedly from bears and wolves. Though the electricity wasn't on a lot before. Then about twenty-five years ago new peacekeepers came and there were fixed fences, longer patrols, closer eyes. I sometimes wish I lived in that day, when it was nicer. The heaviness eventually lifted but it was never the same, or so the parents say. That shock fence makes me feel trapped in some cage, while the Capitol people are like children mocking me and stick their pudgy finger through the rusty iron bars. I feel like a bird, eager to fly but brought down by the weight of the world. Chapter Seven Just as the sky darkens I fly into District 7. The night makes the place look even more menacing. Looming trees glare down at me like angry gods. Stars only gleam between the brakes in the leaves, and there hardly are any. Roots stay embedded in the ground as if it were hard cement. Spiny branches stretch out towards me, as if they are hungry souls trying to claw me. A few break on the train's walls and fly into the small car. The twigs lay there with a resounding feel of death. I huddle against the back wall, though it provides no comfort, no escape from the terrors of night time in District 7. Now I'm regretting the Capitol train I think. At least they had plushy cushions. As if on cue, a jolt sends me in the air a couple inches. I slam back down onto the harsh metal. If that knocked the breath out of my lungs, than this would have killed me. The second thrash almost tosses me from the train itself. I have never like roller coasters, or I wouldn't have if I had ever ridden one. I don't have a delicate stomach, it's just the endless spinning and bouncing and twirling makes me want to puke. I collapse back down and almost lose my backpack out the open door. To make sure it won't try to run away again, I firmly throw the supplies on my back and stand. It does not last long though because I've fallen on my but again. I stare hard at the roots of the trees. Why do they almost look like they're...moving. I realize just as another bounce comes. They are getting more and more violent. The Capitol must be getting very bored so the ingenious Gamemakers thought it would be fun to move giant tree roots in the way of the track to see if they can topple the great Sage Mellark. Oh, they must be having such fun back there. But that won't help me now. I wish Haymitch could get people to send a helicopter in. Even if it would never fit through the door. I can fit through the door though, and it may be my last chance. I know that this will eventually throw me off. I will likely hit my head on a rock and die. What a way to go. A ridiculous and last-minute idea pops into my head. I almost dismiss it, but jumping from the train is my last chance. I crouch by the tip and take two steps back and prepare to launch myself. Wrong move. A jump just happens to occur and I'm thrown through the door. The wind whistles through my ears for a couple seconds, then I slam onto the earth with a large thump . I check if anything is broken and I am relieved to find there's nothing. But it will leave a very large bruise. I shakily stand and wipe the non existent dirt from the pants. The soil is too compact to come up in plumes. I hear a branch snap and I start, but it's just a bunny.