that he'd felt from Madge dissipated somewhat at Hazelle's friendly demeanour and soon she was ensconced on the sofa answering the questions that Posy fired at her. "A friend?" Hazelle asked him quietly as she stirred the stew on the hob. He made a face at her, which had her patting his shoulder. "Don't worry, I approve, even if her father probably won't. It's good to see you not moping over Katniss." It was strange to think that for his mother, he was still in love with Katniss. It had been so long since he'd felt that way about her, but, of course, it was only a long time for him. No one else was stuck in this time loop. To make sure Madge didn't go home straight away after food, Gale subtly manipulated Posy into calling for a snakes and ladders competition. It was one of his little sister's favourite past-times, mainly because she was demon with the dice and nearly always threw the correct number to go up a ladder. Hawthorne snakes and ladders competitions were a time consuming thing as they were all fiercely competitive and would demand rematches at the slightest suspicion of foul play – which was normal in the household that included Rory so by the time the first bomb fell, Madge was still with the Hawthornes. Everyone stopped and stared as the first bomb dropped and boomed across the district. "What was that?" Madge asked, terrified and shaking as Posy screamed in fright. "Get out!" Gale ordered. "Get out! We need to head for the meadow!" In the many times he'd relived this moment, he had become competent at ushering his family out to the clearing in record time before he sped up to the Victors' Village to grab the Everdeens. He knew exactly where the bombs fell first and how long he had before they began to hit the Seam. Tonight however, he had Madge with him for the first time. She screamed and strained against his arms as she tried to run back into Town to her parents. "Madge," he said patiently as she hit out at him and begged him to let her go. "You can't go back there. You won't make it if you try to get to your house." "But my parents," she cried, tears streaming down her face. "I need to get to my parents." He held her close, wrapping his arms tightly around her as she sobbed into his chest. Guilt lurked around the edges of his relief that he had managed to save her this time. Was he wrong to have done so? Was it cruel to expect her to carry on when the rest of her family died? The fight had gone out of her by the time they made it to the meadow. He consigned Madge into his mother's care, while making sure Rory knew not to let her leave, as he went to get the Everdeens. He worried the whole way up to the Victor's Village that she had somehow run back into Town and would die anyway, but she was still there when he returned, silent and white faced as she sat listlessly next to Hazelle. Gale kept an eye on her as he supervised the cutting of the fence and ushered the survivors through and towards the lake. Madge was the first person he had managed to save – out of everyone he had tried to warn, he had finally managed to add to the original survivors even if it was only by one. He held her close as the grey light of early dawn filtered over the silent and scared people of District 12. This was the moment where he was always unable to keep his eyes open and would wake once more in his bed in the Seam. However, this time as bright sunshine played across his face, his eyes open to the green canopy of trees above him and the murmurs of people too afraid to speak louder than a whisper. He sat up abruptly, shock causing his heartbeat to spike. A whimper from his side made him look down, Madge was curled up close to him, her face grubby and stained from ash and tears. His mother lay on the other side, Posy and the boys tucked up close to her. He grinned as he realised it was another day. Time had actually moved forward. His eyes fell on Madge again. She was the one difference to every other night he had relived over and over again. Had she been the reason he was stuck in the time loop? Had he been stopped from moving forward until he worked out a way to save her? His mind rebelled at the prospect, but he couldn't think of any other reason why the time loop had ended right now. Bending down, he brushed a soft kiss across her forehead, keen not to wake her up and scare her with his actions. She had gone through enough trauma last night and he did not wish to add to her worries. She was going to need support and care, which he could give her. He had wanted nothing more than to get a proper chance with her and he now had that opportunity. Standing up, Gale looked out over the huddles of people; a few were up and about, washing in the lake or poking around the closest trees and bushes, but most slumbered or sat unstaring before them. There were a lot of damaged people out there. While he'd had plenty of time to get used to what the Capitol had done to his home, for the others around him this was all devastatingly new. The enormity of the task facing him hit him. He was also the only one here with the experience of being out in the woods. Somehow, he had to find a way for the eight hundred remnants of District 12 to survive out here.