the eye and kill him? I know I won't be able to, which makes the situation all the worse. I wish I had never had that day with him. No, I take that back. I would still want that day with him. Maybe if I actually don't win, and he does, then I won't feel so bad. I'll die with happy memories. There is still a chance we could both die, and I hadn't really been thinking about that. But the Gamemakers will make sure we have the finale, which is the worst of it. Quells are always unexpected though. I may end up dieing by accident. Maybe it will be somewhat okay, but I still don't sleep well that night. I'm kept half awake by the screams I know I'll hear in the bloodbath the next morning. The cries of sheer pain and begs for pitiful mercy. I imagine running and running through mounds of tribute's bodies. I wake up shivering in the morning. At least I slept the night. I need all the strength I have for the Games. I shower then throw some clothes on and head downstairs. I can't eat any breakfast no matter what they try to feed me. I drink some water, but barely. When we're done, Colden, Haymitch, Effie I stand by the elevator. Effie is in a wreck of tears and Haymitch looks somewhat forlorn. I hug Effie and nod to Haymitch, then Colden and I step in the cube to take us to our doom. Half of the tributes sit in a hovercraft that will take us to the underground portion before the arena. It's supposed to begin at 9:00 and the hovercraft will make absolutely sure we get there on time. I watch the Capitol fade. Then the windows blank black and we're left alone with only the blue light from our secured chairs. These trackers were inserted in our arms to help locate us in the arena, whatever it will be. The arenas of quarter quells are always tricky and not in a good way. For the fiftieth Hunger Games, the one Haymitch was in, everything was poisonous. They called Poisonous Paradise. The seventy-fifth Hunger games was a barren landscape of dry, cracked dirt for miles and miles and miles. It's named Desert of Dirt for a good reason. I dread what this one will be, and they're sure to make it extra special for the victor's children. The hundredth annual Hunger Games is going to be one I'm sure no one will forget. Well, until they come up with a more exciting quell. The small prepare room before the Games is tiled white and seems like a jail cell. Thankfully Cinna is there and he helps suit up in a simple white shirt, brown shorts, a thin brown jacket, and long dark brown boots. I can't guess what the arena will be from the clothes, but it must not be that could or too hot. The fabric's adaptable to many climates. The boots are for long travels and fast treading. Mainly running from killers. Cinna pulls something out of his pocket and gives it to me. It's the small gold ring Susie gave me what feels like eons ago. It is my one true memory of home. Of District 12. You're allowed to take one symbol your district. My mom to a pin and I'm taking a bracelet. I slip it on carefully and step in the tube that will sending me shooting into the arena. Twenty seconds until the tube closes. Before they do I ask Cinna, "What is my score?" "Eight, but your friend got a ten." A ten. That's what the Careers get. They might hunt him down. I realize Cinna called Hondel my friend, not my lover or boyfriend. I'm glad he respects the fact that I'm not ready to jump into the whole relationship thing. I glance at what might have been my last hope as the last ten seconds count down. The doors seal me inside and I give one last smile to Cinna, because I know he can keep sacred the last smile I will likely give anyone ever again. We have sixty seconds to wait for the gong. Sixty seconds to accept our fate or die trying to not die. I look around the landscape to get a good view of one of my most important and deadly competition. The wild is my real enemy. They planned it good this year, because I finally realize what I'm looking at thirty seconds in the timer. Northwest I see skyscrapers of some kind of city. Probably full of death traps and collapsing buildings. To my northeast I see a large beach and peaceful waves lapping against the protruding dark rocks. I look behind me to see a giant field of grain and a grassy plain full of cows next to it. They remind me of the pictures on the wall in my room. The ones that must remind the other tributes of their homes. Then it hits me. The Districts. The very clever and devious Gamemakers must have positioned mini versions of all of the Districts in order from one to twelve, which will be the smallest as it's the smallest district. The skyscrapers must be from District 3 and District 4 is the ocean, the biggest with a mini ocean. The two behind me are Districts 9 and 10 which are grain and livestock. Twelve seconds left on the timer. The number snaps me away from my observing and brings me back to the golden Cornucopia in honor of the quell. Ten seconds. I could possibly die in the next few minutes, the odds differ. Four seconds and my heart pounds so loud I think all of Panem can hear it beating. I'm really hoping the odds are in my favor for the next five minutes or so. Three, two, one, and the fight for survival begins... End of Part 1