the temporary stage. Three chairs, a podium where Effie Trinket would stand, and two glass ball holding slips of paper with the names of all eligible boys and girls. The ball holding the girls' names catches my attention. Seventeen slips of paper have Ryna Gallin written on them. Twenty have Katniss Everdeen. Our chances weren't looking good. Two of the chairs are soon occupied with Mayor Undersee and Effie Trinket who looked fairly scary with pink tinted blonde hair, a blindingly green suit and an overly cheerful, obviously fake smile. The clock strikes two with a loud chime and the mayor steps up to the podium to read the same story that he does every year. It's the history of Panem, the country that rose up when the previous country called North America fell. He lists all of the disasters that took place: droughts, fires, earthquakes, wind storms and so many more. He reads about the brutal war that was fought for the little remaining sustenance. Thus, Panem was born. A shining Capitol surrounded by thirteen districts that brought about peace. Then there were the Dark Days. The districts rebelled against the Capitol and lost. Twelve of the districts were defeated, one destroyed. A Treaty of Treason was signed giving us new laws to "guarantee" peace. Our yearly reminder of the Dark Days and how they should never be repeated was the Hunger Games. The rules are simple. One boy and one girl from each of the twelve districts, called tributes, were sent to the Capitol to participate in the Hunger Game usually against their will, but occasionally there would be volunteers. The twenty-four tributes are forced into an outdoor arena and imprisoned in there for weeks where they're forced to fight to the death. The last tribute alive is the winner. Forcing us to watch as our children are forced to murder each other in a wild fight to the death for televised "entertainment" is just the Capitol's cruel way of reminding us how much power they truly hold over us. The Capitol uses this story to convey a very obvious message: Look at what we can do. We can take your children, force them to kill each other and there's absolutely nothing you can do to stop us. If you try, you'll meet an even worse fate than District 13. To make things even worse, the Capitol makes every district treat it like it's a holiday where it's a simple sport to pit all districts against each other in a duel to the death. As a prize to the last tribute alive (besides living through the Hunger Games) their district is showered with gifts and an abundance of food for a year. All year, the Capitol showers that district with grains and oils and even rarities like sugar and other sweets while the other eleven districts continue starving. "It is both a time for repentance and a time for thanks." The mayor droned the usual required sentence that we all thought was a load of hooey, but none of us we brave enough to say what we really thought. He then read the names of all the victors District 12 has had in the last seventy-four years. We've had two. Only one of which was still alive today: Haymitch Abernathy. A loud, easily irritated, middle-aged drunk. Speaking of which, he just stumbled onto the stage, practically falling into the third chair, mumbling unintelligibly to no one in particular. Effie Trinket looked positively repulsed to be anywhere in the same district as him. He attempted to give her a large hug while the crowd politely applauded his appearance. She barely fended him off, standing to her feet. As the mayor called her up to the podium, she almost ran away from the still mumbling Haymitch, pasting on another overly fake, white smile. "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor!" She chirped. Her pinkish-blonde hair has shifted slightly off center to the right ever since she dodged Haymitch's unwanted bear hug. She starts a small speech of how much an honor it is to be here in District 12, although we all know that's a lie because everyone knows she wishes to be the spokesperson to any other district. I don't blame her. I wouldn't want to be forced near a drunk who has a bad temper and always shows up drunk off his feet. Gale turned back to us, with the faintest of smiles on his lips. At least this reaping has some entertainment. But, my mind flashes to the glass ball holding the boy's names and I think of how Gale's name is in there forty-two times. The odds may not be in his favor, but if he isn't chosen, he never has to worry about going into the Hunger Games ever again. I looked over at Katniss and knew she must be thinking the same thing. Gale turned back to the stage just as Effie Trinket crossed over to the ball with the girls' names. "Ladies first!" She reached a carefully manicured hand into the ball and rooted around for a second before pulling out a single piece of paper. The whole crowd is on the edge of their seats as she opens the folded slip. I close my eyes, hoping that it isn't me or Katniss. I listened to the sound of Effie's heels clacking against the stage as she walked back to the podium. She opens her mouth, and says the one name I would've never thought to hear. "Primrose Everdeen!" Her voice calls out over the crowd and my eyes snap open. That's it for chapter one! Just so everyone knows: Ryna's name is pronounced like Rain-a. This story will follow the books mostly and not the movie, but once the Hunger Game start, it severely deviates from canon and I hope you all enjoy it. Please leave honest feedback and I look forward to reading all your comments!