and resting on my arm so I am looking straight into his face. I notice his eyes are tearing up and I am over come with the urge to envelope him in my arms as he did me. But I don't I just wait for him to reply. "They were in the Bakery just before the bombs were dropped. It was just after we were pulled from the arena, Snow, he sent bombs to 12. About one third of 12 survived, and they were rescued by extract teams from 13. People, they've been living here in 13 for years now. We are underground, the surface is still a wasteland but this way Snow doesn't know where we are. This way, he can't drop bombs on us all!" His voice is full of despair. "But when the bombs started landing my dad went to take my mom and brother out, but my mom refused to cross the seam to get to the extract teams. She was killed by her own snobbery. And she got the rest of my family killed because of it!" His breathing has quickened and I can tell he is getting very angry so I do the only thing I know that distracts him. I kiss him. It isn't a passionate kiss, it's just to comfort it feels natural to do it. I try to convince myself that it is only natural to want to comfort your friends, but would I do this with Gale? I place my lips on his, short but sweet. I feel him stiffen at my sudden movement but then he relaxes into me. I can tell he wants to take the kiss further but he does't. I draw back and stare into his eyes, my lips warm from where his touched mine. Peeta gives me a sad smile, "I just...wish I could have said bye more than anything, I don't want you to feel the loss I now do, I don't you to relieve the pain of losing your father again, and you won't not if I can help it." Maybe it's because he's angry and sad and I feel the need to comfort him, maybe it's because I'm feeling weak and vulnerable right now, or maybe it's because I'm in intense pain. But whatever it is, it leads to my response of "okay". For once in my life I am letting someone else protect me, and consequently my family. I settle back down into the bed, my arm draped across his broad form, his wrapped around my waist pulling me closer. My head moves with the rise and fall of his chest and I'm almost falling asleep when his voice brings me out of dreaming. "Katniss, I know everything you said in the games wasn't true, I know you don't really need me, but I'll be here, you know that right? Besides, apart from Rye you've all I've really got now. I'm not expecting you to fall in love with me. But, I want to be your friend, we can't not talk to each other again, not like last time. Last time we were lost coming back from the Games. But it's different now, we've been through more, we are slowly braking. And I need you to put me back together. You can't go through what we have been and not be friends. So all I'm asking is, please don't shut me out. Just be my friend." He places a kiss on my forehead and strokes my hair one last time and gets off the bed not expecting a reply. Gently placing the quilt back over me, he moves to the chair and sits in it. Placing his head on the armrest he keeps his head propped up as he tries to get some sleep. I wish I had the courage to thank him for everything, for saving me, for protecting me, and for the simple things, like just. Leaving my bed because he knows i'm not comfortable, even though I know he wants to stay. Any other guy wouldn't have been so kind, yet somehow I can't work up the words to thank him, I just stare at him. Looking at the way his dirty blonde hair falls loosely over his forehead, how the muscles in his arms flex as he re adjusts himself. A few tears escape me as I watch the sleeping form of the boy with the bread wondering how someone so kind of heart had to be thrown into a life like this, it is much the same as Prim. And even though he fears me not talking to him I know that won't happen. Because since these games I've come to realise, though I don't love him, he is my friend. We have been through too much and we are are both different now, tainted by the Capitol. Before I fall asleep I can't help but feel that everything I said to him in the arena was real. I need him. So there it is, first chapter, what do you think? These first few chapters will be more of setting the scene as I have changed a few things and will introduce new memories and I know Katniss and Peeta also, comes across quite fragile in this chapter, but you need to think about what she has been through, she won't be as fragile in chapters to come, especially when she isn't with just Peeta. But for the moment she needs to clear her head and come to terms with everything that has happened. This chapter is also quite sad, but it won't all be, like life there will be lots of different emotions in this... ...so please keep reading and review, I am still in exams so my updates might not be very quick to start with but once my exams are done I will be able to focus on this more. I'll see you in the next chapter When Katniss gets some visitors :)