His hand slid up to cup her breast again and he looked more intently at the tattoo, gently tracing the scar hidden beneath it. And then he was pulling her against him, kissing her fiercely and pressing their naked torsos together. Again, it was just too easy to sink into him, teasing one another with their tongues, sucking gently on each other's lips until they were breathless with renewed want. He continued to trace kisses down her neck to her collarbone. "I'm at your service, anytime. I just hope next time you'll let me buy you dinner first." "Does that mean you're done with me for tonight?" "It means I meant what I said earlier." He placed one more kiss beneath her ear. "I want to get to know you, sometime when we haven't both been doing shots." She leaned back to look him in the eye. "I'm not drunk." His eyes narrowed and then widened with sincerity. "Neither am I, but you're not a one-night stand for me. And tequila shots too easily excuse behavior. When we are together, really together, I want there to be no question of whether we meant it to happen." "Did I somehow give you the impression that I don't want you? I realize this is your first after-party, but I don't usually pull guys into a private room and have my way with them." All this talk of the future made her nervous. He was supposed to be distracting her from her life outside the room, outside that moment. "And yet, I get the feeling you weren't planning on calling me tomorrow." She was sure the truth flashed across her eyes. She knew she wasn't a good liar, so there was no point in pretending. No, she hadn't figured this was more than a one-night thing. But, according to most of the girls on the team, that was every guy's dream. What made Peeta Mellark different? "And you were planning on calling me?" "I wasn't planning on any of this. But, now that I've seen you again, I'm not missing my opportunity. Just promise me you'll give me your real number and not a fake one. Remember, I know where you work." "Again, with the stalker mentality." He sat back against the sink again and pulled her toward him, fixing her with his gaze. "Listen, we haven't seen each other in years, and we barely knew each other to begin with. I've made a lot of mistakes in my life, but the one I've regretted the most was never taking a chance talking to you. Never trying to know you. I don't believe in fate, but I'm not going to shrug off tonight, this—" he gestured between them—"as a one-night stand. So, if you want me to leave you alone, now is the time to say so. Otherwise, I want to see you," he kissed her lips, "and these," he stroked the sides of her breasts, "and this," he brushed his hand against her still damp slit, "again. Okay?" She hummed quietly as he continued brushing against her core, barely thrusting against him to increase the pressure and ease her growing burn for yet another release. His lips returned their attention to her collarbone and eased lower toward her nipples again. "Okay?" he repeated. "Mmm. I'll allow it. Just don't stop what you're doing right now." "You'll allow it," he chuckled again before wrapping his lips around her left nipple and biting her lightly. "God, I want you." "If you'll remember, I haven't said no to you." His head shot up and he smiled, his hand immediately taking over where his mouth left. "You haven't, have you?" "And I'm the one who took matters into her own hands when you shot me down. I just sayin'…" His hands continued their slow torture and Katniss fought the urge to grab his fingers and press them back inside herself, showing him how ready she was for round two. "I should go while I still have some willpower left." Her head dropped to his shoulder. "Argh, please don't." "I have to. I have to do this right this time." And suddenly his hands stopped and reached up to cup her chin. "If I keep this up, I'm not going to be able to let you go, and I don't think you're ready for that. We have a lot to learn about each other…" Her eyebrow tweaked up again. "I've learned that you can do wonderful things with your tongue and fingers. And that I like how you taste. Isn't that enough?" He smiled and kissed her again. "You taste like heaven, but no, there's a bit more to both of us than that. Give me your number." His kisses started heading south again, he stopped and reached into his pants to retrieve his phone. "Please, give me your number." She sighed and took the phone from his hand, programming The Hob's number into it, using her derby name, Mockin' J. Let him figure it out. She didn't date, but she definitely wanted to see him again. He'd been the one person who could distract her from the nightmare that was her life. If nothing else, she wanted him around for some distraction. As he slid the phone back into his pocket, she let her hands graze over his stiffening member one more time. "Last chance, Mellark. You sure you want to leave?" "No, Everdeen. Not in a million years do I want to leave, but we've got plenty of chances ahead of us." He pulled her in for one last fiery kiss, leaving her burning for more, before he extricated himself from the bathroom, repositioned his stiffened cock in his pants and retrieved his shirt. She leaned in the bathroom doorway, making no effort to cover herself and still hoping he'd change his mind. "Goodnight Peeta…Think of me sometime." It came out as part sigh. She watched his resolve waiver before he opened the door. "Always."