"This should clean the tables." He says. "I'll just fill Miss Everdeen's bucket up for you and you can be on your way." It takes him 3 minutes to fill up Katniss' bucket. I drop a sponge into each bucket and pick them both up. Katniss opens the doors for me and before I know it, we are both back in the classroom. I carry katniss' bucket over to the back window and walk back over to mine. I clean every table and stay quiet whilst doing so. Katniss doesn't want to speak so I shouldn't force her too. If she doesn't want to speak then she shouldn't have too. When I've finished the tables, I move onto the black board and start erasing every last number, word, shape and Mark made by the chalk. I scrub and scrub until the board looks clean again. That's when I hear a noise from the back of the classroom. I turn around to see katniss attempting to get out of the back window onto the field below. I walk over. "Do you need some help?" I ask her. "No I got it." She says and sticks one foot through the window. She keeps going until her whole right leg is out of the window, that's when she gets stuck. The Windows that small that she can't seem to get her other leg out of the window whilst her body is in it. I let out a small laugh and grab her arms. I pull as hard as I can and her body turns back into the room. She's able to slide her other leg out of the window and she shimmies down until her feet are planted on the ground but she still has hold of my arms. "Thanks." She says looking at me. I smile at her and she smiles back mischeviously. "Pay back." She says and pulls on my arms as hard as she can. My whole body slides through the open window quickly and I land on my front in the grass by her feet. She's stronger than she looks. I turn around onto my back and look up to her. She's laughing so much she has to hold her stomach. I smile at her and take in the moment. This is the second time I have made katniss laugh today. Yeh maybe it's because she just pulled me out of a window and now my head hurts like hell but I don't care, I made Katniss Everdeen laugh and that's all that matters to me. "Does this mean we are even for the whole bucket thing?" I ask. She's laughing so much that she can't even speak to me so she just nods. I pull myself up to my feet and deposit my jacket through the still open window. When Katniss stops laughing, we get to work on the Windows. When we have finished, the Windows are so clean that they don't even look like Windows anymore but holes in the wall. I smile at Katniss and she smiled back. "You did good." I say, I can't think of anything else to stay. "You did good too." She says smiling. Her eyes focus on something inside before she looks at me again. "It's half 3, Mrs Myers will be back soon and we need to get the chairs up." I nod and we walk back up to the open window. I slide the bucket through and place it on the floor. It's still almost half full. Then I pull myself up and roll through the window head first, I lean down and roll along the floor until I'm back on my feet. I pull katniss back through the window and we start on the chairs. We have the chairs up in 5 minutes, except from 2 chairs that me and Katniss are going to sit on. As soon as all the chairs are up on the tables, I collapse on one of the still down chairs. She stands there though as if waiting for something. "What's wrong?" I ask her. "Nothing, I just can't sit down when I'm still wet..." She says and I'm about to tell her to sit down when she speaks again. "It's fine, I need to take the buckets back anyway." I don't even have time to say anything because she's picked up the buckets and left the room within seconds. She returns a couple minutes later without her jacket on. She must have taken it off in the janitors office. She walks over and collapses in the chair next to mine. She leans her head back on the chair and sighs. Her wet braid hanging over the back of the chair, all I want to do is reach over and touch it. I want to feel what her hair feels like in my hands. "When do you think we will get to leave?" She asks. "Don't know." I reply. I lean my head on the desk and close my eyes. All I can hear is mine and Katniss breathing. Mine a lot heavier and deaper than hers. Mrs Myers doesn't return until 10 to 4 and that's only to tell us we did a good job and that we can go. We grab our bags and coats and meet Delly and Rosie outside the classroom. We walk with Katniss too the school yard. She smiles and mumbles something that sounds like a goodbye then she leaves in direction of the seam. "So explain to us everything that happened in detention, why was she wet and why are you happy?" Delly asks as we walk to the town square. I hope you liked the first chapter for my new story. Please review and tell me what you though of it. Personally I am very proud of this chapter and everything else I have planned for this story but please review and let me know what you would like to happen? REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW REVIEW!