a baker...you can't exactly kill someone with baking...I know that I am likely going to die...My mentor made that pretty clear." "You're right, Mr Mellark. The odds aren't in your favour, but that doesn't mean that I am going to give up on you. And you shouldn't either. You're so young. I promise you, Mr Mellark, I shall do all that I can to help you. I want you to survive." Do I want to survive? "Don't you want to live, Mr Mellark?" "Of course I do, but not if..." the sentence snuffed out before I could finish it. I couldn't even utter it. How can I? "Not if what?... Mr Mellark..." "You don't need to call me Mr Mellark." "I know. Except I want you to feel that I am at your service, not the other way around. The Capitol has taken everything from you today, but that doesn't mean that I can't still see you as human. You merit the respect due to any human, even if they mean for you to die." "Well, I don't mind Peeta, then. Mr Mellark sounds too much like my father." "Very well, Peeta, I realize that given where you are and what your next few days will be like, I know it is the last thing in the world that you want to do, but I need you to trust me. Please believe me when I say that I truly want you to make it. However, in order for me to do my best at my job, I need to know you, as much as possible. I'm not explaining this very well. Cinna does a better job of it. You see, the Capitol wants you to be as just a tribute, not a boy, not a human, just a tribute, a sacrifice. They want to make you less than human so that they can feel legitimate in sentencing 23 of you to death every year. It is easier to do if you aren't real, if you aren't human. If the world just sees you as a flat glossy tribute with no ties and no hope, then there is no ...Well, they don't think twice about it." "I see" "So whatever you can tell me about yourself will help me, whether its good or bad, I can use it to help your image. Cinna wants to craft you both in such a way so that you are unforgettable. It gives you much better odds in the actual games." "But two can't walk out of there. Only one can survive." "And I want that to be you." "But...I can't be the one to survive." "Why not?" "Because...Katniss needs to be the one to go home." "Katniss?" "Yes." "Why? Why not you?" "She has a family to care for. Her sister. She volunteered for Prim. She deserves to go home." "But..." "No, she does. No one needs me. My family. I have brothers to help my father." "Peeta, why?" "It would take a while to explain." "I have plenty of time before we need to get you ready for the tribute parade. Please. Tell me." With a breath, I had told her: everything. "I don't know how to explain this... well...you see...I know Katniss. Or I guess it is more that...I have known of her all my life. My dad knew her mother. Actually he was supposed to marry her, until she met Mr Everdeen. But I saw Katniss at school, and I ...I guess I have had a crush on her since I was a kid." "A crush? Is a mere crush worth getting killed?" "No. It's more than that." "Then what is it? You love her?" "She never noticed me, but I never stopped caring...I never stopped wanting to help. I care about what happens to her. I want her to be safe. So...now that we're both here, I can't let her die, if I can help it. If I went home and she wasn't there, I...I made my mind up about this long before the reaping ever happened. I will do what it takes to help her survive. No one can change my mind about it." "...Well...No. Of course not. Not if that is what you really wish. You will still allow me to help you as much as I can, won't you?" "Yeah, there's no harm in that, I suppose. I just thought you should know from the start. My strategy is never going to be for me to win. I want to last as long as I can, but it won't last. You can tell your partner that too." "O Cinna has plans of his own of course, but yes, I will relay your wishes. Does she know all this too? How you feel?" "No! No! I've never said anything!" "And you don't want her to know?" "I don't think that would help her at all. The games are complicated enough." "Yes, well, let me think on that. As I said before, any and all information can be used in the games. It might end up helping you stay alive for as long as possible." Suddenly, I trip over a root in the dark, and end up sprawled on the forest floor. My memories of Portia trickle into silence as I look around me in the night. I hear the hum of a hovercraft coming for the body. So much guilt and shame fills me. Is this what it will come to? Am I willing to let everyone else die, so that she can live? Slumping down on a log to catch my breath, I sigh. Yes. There is no question. There is no debate. This is not about being noble. There is no room for nobility here. There is no right way to do this. The only path I have is to try and make her way to survival sure and certain. That's all. That's love, I suppose. That is all that the games have left for me.