come home with you, you would have pushed me out of the car in an instant. I've never seen you so smitten, Kat. It's about damned time." Katniss let her gaze wander back to the window, where he could just be seen waiting for the light to change before crossing. Her eyes were immediately drawn back to the jeans that had so easily caught her eye. Just then the light changed and he broke into a slow jog, crossing the street just as a car turned into the crosswalk and blocked him from view. She met Johanna's victorious look and shrugged. "What can I say, Johanna, except the damned jeans made me do it. It should be a crime for a man to look that good in plain ordinary Levi's. He should carry some sort of sign around to warn unsuspecting females." Johanna laughed and finally Katniss joined in. It was good to find something enjoyable about this wretched day. She resumed her study of the passing traffic and remained quiet as they headed for home. XOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXO XOXO The next morning, Katniss looked up in confusion as Delly set a massive box down on her desk. "What is this?" She asked hesitantly. "I didn't order anything." Delly bounced in her excitement as she hurried to answer, "This was delivered by courier to the front desk. I signed for it since you were still in the meeting with Haymitch and Effie. Hurry up and open it. I'm dying to know what it is." Katniss rolled her eyes and shared a look with Johanna. The pretty blonde girl was one of the sweetest people that you'd ever want to meet but her cloying sweetness could get overbearing at times. "Delly, I'll bet you were an absolute terror at Christmas when you were a kid." Katniss remarked as she slit the tape and pushed back the flaps. A thick white envelope rested innocently on top of a mass of green tissue paper. Katniss's brow furrowed as she grabbed the envelope and slid a finger underneath the flap. Pulling out the paper, she grew even more confused at the mass of unfamiliar writing covering half the page. A small square fell free of the paper and into her lap. She picked it up, glanced at the name and felt her jaw drop as she raised it up to study it more closely. 'Peeta Mellark, owner Mellarkable Creations 555-0423' Johanna read the card over her shoulder and lifted her eyebrows in amused surprise. Katniss shook her head in confusion and set the card aside as she turned back to the letter. Her shock increased with every word read as she tried to take in what she was seeing. Katniss the biologist, Allow me to apologize for not giving this confession yesterday. Our conversation was so unexpected and enjoyable that I didn't want to mar it by having you attempt to bash my head in while waiting in front of a police station. That would have ended badly for both of us. Blame my knight in shining armor tendencies or my inability to dissuade Finnick from helping me to make an absolute mess of the smallest situation. I never meant to cause you the slightest harm or inconvenience. Trust me when I say that I couldn't feel worse about what happened. He was only supposed to grab your purse and run. The plan was for me to apprehend your attacker and retrieve your property making you absurdly grateful enough to go out with me. As Finnick is unable to follow even the simplest of instructions, I should have expected a catastrophe of epic proportions. Therefore, lovely Katniss, I must make amends for the injuries you suffered by my hand and because of my inability to ask for the honor of taking you out one evening if you are so inclined. The enclosed is just the first payment on the debt that I owe you. If you would be willing, the second is dinner at the bakery Saturday night 8pm. You are under no obligation to come and I wouldn't blame you if you chose not to. I hope that you like your present. I only caught a glimpse of the original so it may not be exactly what you had before. Congratulations on your promotion and I look forward to seeing you Saturday. Peeta the idiot Unable to restrain herself, she tore into the evergreen hued paper and felt her stomach knot at what lay inside. She pulled it free and turned it from side to side admiring the supple leather and subtle detailing. Johanna whistled and bent to examine the bag more closely. "Is that a Cinna original?" She gasped. "That's the most expensive bag they have in the store. Damn it, Katniss. That must have been one hell of a conversation I interrupted yesterday." Katniss nodded slowly, her eyes glued to the beautifully detailed stitching and superb craftsmanship of the bag. It put the one destroyed yesterday to shame a thousand times over. She could use every paycheck for the next two months and it still wouldn't be enough to buy this bag. Hell, it wouldn't even buy the strap. Her eyes flickered back to the letter lying forgotten in her lap. Knight in shining armor tendencies. He had set her up. Then he actually confessed even though they had gotten away with it. What the hell? Katniss looked at the bag once more than back to the letter. Saturday at 8pm. She nodded shortly as she decided to take him up on his offer. She had to know why he had gone to such lengths to get her attention. She had to return the ridiculously extravagant gift. She smirked as the thought rolled through her mind. She had to get another look at him in those damned jeans. Then, she would decide whether to continue what they had started on that bench. She had a feeling Saturday was just the beginning. It ends...