let their children be pieces in a deadly game, year after year. The sound of the wind chimes scattered throughout the gardens behind her masked Haymitch's approach, but even so, it was no surprise when he joined her at the wall. The two of them stood side by side for a moment, breathing in the illusion of freedom that the rooftop gardens always seemed to give. He offered her a drink from the bottle he held, but Mags demurred and he shrugged and drank from it himself. Swallowing whatever liquor was in the bottle, Haymitch began, "After our talk last year, I got to thinking…" He paused, considering what he wanted to say. "I've done a lot of thinking over the years, sitting in that damned control room." The wind that was as much a fixture of the Training Center rooftop as the gardens tugged at Mags' hair, pulling some of it free from the chignon someone had decided she should wear for the party; she brushed away the resulting tickle. "I have no doubt of that, boy." Haymitch had been the sole mentor to two children for his district every year since the last Quarter Quell. She and a few of the others gave him what support they could; no one should go through the Capitol's damned Games alone. Laughing, Haymitch leaned in a little closer to Mags. "You and Greasy Sae are the only two people I know who call me 'boy.'" She had no idea who Greasy Sae was and she didn't want to be up here for what remained of the night. "These old bones are tired, Haymitch," she told him, a bit of a bite in her tone as she glanced over her shoulder at him. He nodded once, short and sharp. "Every year, it seems, things get worse in the districts, rising quotas for coal or shrimp or cloth. They tell us the higher quotas are to make up for some shortfall, but they never seem to go back down again." Listening intently, she wondered where he was going with this, although given his desire for privacy, she had her suspicions. "And every year we have twenty-three dead kids to go along with it just plain getting harder to live." He looked away from Mags then, back out over the city lights, and took another swallow from the bottle. "In spite of what the Capitol promises, it ain't a damned picnic for that one kid who survives." "It never has been," she told him. "But it has indeed become worse with the years." Looking over at Mags once more, Haymitch turned his back on the city. "There is one thing we victors have going for us." She raised her eyebrows in question. "Come Games time, we get to go to the Capitol, travel across other districts to get there. We can see what it's like for ourselves and talk to people, even if it is only once a year." He drinks again. "Twice, if one of our kids happens to make it." Mags' heart beat faster, fueled by a growing excitement. "Most of us enjoy a level of respect within our own districts. We all of us do what the Capitol tells us to do." He grinned down at her and lowered his voice. "But what if we didn't?" A measure of terror at what he proposed filled her, but then she remembered Finnick with his arm around the waist of a woman old enough to be his mother, the awful marks on his back, Gloss in the embrace of one of the president's advisors when she knew for a fact the boy would rather be in his room with a book. "It won't be easy," Haymitch continued. "But if we're smart about it, if we take it slow and steady, we could make a change." Mags remembered a time before the Capitol. She had known freedom once. Her papa and brother had fought to keep that freedom, had fought for the right of their people to live their lives as they chose. But her papa and brother had died and the freedom they had fought so hard for died with them. Even her mother had died because of the Capitol. She didn't have to think about what Haymitch proposed; her decision had long since been made. "Woof will join us," she told Haymitch, thinking of the elder victor from 8. Woof had said things recently that indicated he, too, was concerned for his district. "We need to keep it small, for now, and recruit people only as we need them." 2 August, 67 Raising her face to the sun, Mags closed her eyes and listened to the gulls as they wheeled and dove toward the water. The waves broke against the sand, their rhythm soothing. She breathed deeply, letting the scents and sounds of the sea wash over her; soon enough the salt of it would wash over her, too, or at least over her bare feet. She wondered if it could wash her away, or if she'd allow it to happen, given the opportunity. Finnick wouldn't talk to her, wouldn't even look at her. And she didn't blame him. She'd done what she could for him, called Haymitch, hoping he could help the boy through it, this thing they both shared. Mags was too old when Snow came to power for anyone to be interested in using her the way they had once used Haymitch or the way they now used her sweet boy. He was only sixteen. Only sixteen. The tears ran unchecked down her cheeks. We can't go on like this , she thought. They promise us that it ends when we leave the arena, but it doesn't end. It never ends. "Dulce madre de Dios," she whispered, the words dredged from her memories, a mantra her mother once used when she needed more strength than she thought she had, "esto debe terminar." Sweet mother of God, this must end.