am." X He never acknowledged my presence after that. I saw him in town sometimes. He frequented the Hob, trying to drown his troubles in liquor. He drank the hard stuff, the alcohol that made you a different person, and most people in town began to avoid him. Not me, though. Despite everything, I was still in love with him. I began having terrible nightmares about Maysilee's death, and I often woke up late at night screaming. It was one of those nights, and I decided to take a walk. I was wearing the Mockingjay Pin, which I had never taken off since the day of Maysilee's funeral. I didn't realize that I was in the Victor's Village until I had reached there. It was incredibly dark, and I began to feel a bit nervous. I was right next to Haymitch's house. I was about to turn back, when- "Hey, sweetheart," someone said, in an incredibly slurred voice, and I became extremely frightened. Everyone had heard about the horrible things that happened to girls when they went out late at night. I tried to turn and run, but a hand gripped my arm hard. I tried to scream, but my voice refused to listen to my brain. Suddenly, in the light of the moon, I was able to see the person with his hand wrapped around my arm. It was him. "H- Haymitch?" He didn't say anything, just grabbed me around my waist and pushed me gently against the wall of his house. Suddenly his lips were on mine, warm and soft. I was startled, but in an incredibly happy, amazing way. I could taste the alcohol on his lips, but I didn't care. Here was my Haymitch , his arms wrapped tightly around me, and his face warm against mine. We must have kissed for a long time before he pulled away, tracing his fingers across my face in a drunken, but loving fashion. I pulled him closer and tangled my fingers in his hair. He smiled and looked at me. "I love you," he said, a huge grin spreading across his face, "I love you so much, Maysilee ." X I began avoiding Haymitch after that night. I had pulled myself out of his grasp, not bothering to look back at his startled, drunken face as I ran away. I had no idea if he understood, or even remembered what had happened, but I didn't care. I was done chasing after him. I knew Haymitch would be mentoring at this year's Games, but I didn't care about him anymore. I didn't care about his stupid drinking problem. I didn't care about his stupid smile, which was so beautiful. I didn't care, okay? I didn't. It had been almost a year since Maysilee's death, and the Reaping for the next games was in three days. I was nineteen now, so I would no longer have to worry about dying in the Games. I was at her grave, with a bouquet of red roses and the Mockingjay Pin. It was time to make right my theft, time to give the pin back to its rightful owner, time to let go of Haymitch once and for all. I arrived at her gravestone only to discover I was not the only one there. Haymitch stood in front of me, a bouquet of yellow marigolds, the color of Maysilee's hair, in his hand. He turned around and nodded his head to acknowledge my presence. He looked sober, the first time I had seen him sober since the night his parents died. "I'm sorry," I said, stiffly formal, "I can come back later." "No," he said, "I'm about to leave." I walked to Maysilee's grave, knelt down, and placed the bouquet of flowers and the pin on top of her grave. Haymitch added his marigolds, then picked up the pin and rolled it around in his hands. "Is this her pin?" I nodded my head slowly. He leaned over and gently pinned it onto my shirt. "You should keep it," he said, "I like seeing it on you," I don't know if he remembered kissing me, but I didn't think it mattered. Haymitch and I would never be a couple. He loved Maysilee too much. I touched the pin, looked up at him, and smiled. "It was nice seeing you, Haymitch. Have a nice life." He smiled, and I began walking back to town. I turned back suddenly, and saw him knelt over Maysilee's grave, whispering earnestly. I smiled, turned around, and began walking. X The pin was why I married Mayor Undersee, who told me it was beautiful, just like me. The pin was why I still got terrible headaches and stayed in bed most of the time, wracked with severe depression. I couldn't look at my daughter Madge without seeing my twin. The pin was why Haymitch was drunk most of time, trying desperately to erase the memories he couldn't forget. The pin was why, 24 years later, Haymitch vowed to save the "Girl on Fire" because he couldn't save his girl. The pin was why, when Peeta confessed his love for Katniss to Haymitch, Haymitch vowed to bring the Star-crossed Lovers of District Twelve home together. And the pin was why, after the Rebellion, children no longer had to die bloody deaths in the Arena like Maysilee, drink away their problems like Haymitch, or live half-dead from sadness, waiting for God to finish the job, like me. Hi, thanks for reading! Please review, fan, and favorite, and I'll give you candy! Just kidding, don't accept candy from strangers. Sorry if there are any factual errors relating to the Second Quarter Quell. I don't have a copy of "Catching Fire" for reference, so everything is based on my memory. If there are any corrections, please review and let me know so that I can fix them! Anyways, I picked "What Hurts the Most" by Rascal Flatts as the song for this story.