screams are faded until there's nothing but a fair buzz, the fire on our outfits extinguish on command. Cinna did a good job. "Good work, Katniss," Peeta comments, giving his hand to me as I jump from the carriage. In heels I stand just as tall as he does and when he looks at me, I can't help the little jump my stomach does. I look away then, not shying away from the hugs my prep team gives me. I even manage to smile towards Effie who is going on and on about being the talk of the town. "Let them talk, then," Peeta jokes, laughing with Venia as she shoves his shoulder, whispering something neither of us can understand in her accent. I look at him then, wondering how in the world Peeta could quite possibly already have my own prep team wrapped around his finger. It isn't surprising though. He's a nice guy, a good guy. I've heard girls at school talk about him. Even though I tend to shy away from interaction outside of what is necessary, I can say he has always been nice in the few passing words he spoke. Maybe this is going to be his edge. Being the good guy who will simply be overlooked until it comes down to the few of us. But being linked with me will put a target on his back because being nice is not the angle I'm playing. Good thing I'm good with a bow and from what I've heard, he's good with a knife. "Well, well, well," Haymitch says, peaking around Effies corner, dressed sharply. He appears to be bathed and he doesn't smell so bad. I know Effie had something to do with this but I say nothing. "Where have you been? Aren't mentors supposed to help with this type of thing," I ask, my voice unamused. I want him to know I'm not happy by his presence. I want him to know I don't trust him. I think I get my point across but the expression on his face tells me he thinks the same thing. "It's not safe for me to be around open flame, sweetheart," he say. My prep team laughs thinking he's made a joke. The rest of us know the comment is true. "But good job. Of course it was none of your doing but I must say the kisses were a nice touch." I give him a tight lipped smile. "You might want to consider doing that a little more before the Games start. Selling a strong minded, defiant, mean spirited girl isn't working well in my favor." My face heats up under his scrutiny; mostly because I know what he's saying is true. I try to make myself believe I don't care. Like I said, Peeta will be the likeable one. I'll be the lethal one. "I can sell the cutesy, naïve girl thing though." He grabs a lock of my hair then and it takes all I have not to break his wrist the moment he comes in contact with me. "Well to bad that isn't what you're getting, isn't it?" Peeta, sensing that we're both on the verge of making a scene, steps between the two of us, giving me a pleading look. "I worked up quite an appetite, what about you Katniss? Portia? Cinna? You'll join us as well, won't you? It's the least we can do to thank you for all the hard work." Peeta is so good at this and I've never been more thankful for him than I am in this moment. "Starved, Peeta," I announce, following Peetas retreating figure as he makes his way to the elevator all the other tributes have already escaped too. I hadn't noticed but it appears everyone else has filtered out, gone to their rooms for dinner and training and drinking—whatever you do here. I don't know. Everything about what happens in the Training Center is kept so secretive that the board couldn't prepare me on what to expect. I'm on my own for that one. I do know that tomorrow we'll start the training. The four days of training that will end in all the tributes getting scored on a scale of 1-12. The higher you rank, the easier sponsors come, the bigger target on your back. Peeta and I need twelve's. It's never happened before but Peeta and I will be firsts. I'm sure of it. I'm so distracted by my thoughts that I don't realize I've stopped dead in my tracks. Peeta is the only one who waited for me. When I finally look up, I give a small smile. I don't pull away when he reaches for my hand. In fact, I only hold on tighter. Please let me know if anything is confusing or it isn't explained well. The idea was a loose one but I felt this chapter and the next chapter that i've already written have come out nicely. I actually thought about this story while watching the movie, wondering how different would be is from the beginning two tributes from the same District we're allowed to win. I wondered how different the relationship between Peeta and Katniss would be if they knew the only way they could win was together. I also liked the idea of District 12 being a Career District. I feel it's a possibility that hasn't been completely explored and I wanted the opportunity to try and explore it. I want to know how different things would be if Peeta was more brave and confident about his fighting abilities and if Katniss was a little more arrogant, a little more confident in her own skills. I wanted to know how to the kids of District 12 would hold up if they actually had a shot. Please let leave a review. Tell me if you love it, hate it, anything! I'm welcome to any and all ideas, criticism, whatever. Hope everyone had great holidays. -savingprivatewriter