"I'll keep up," Peeta said confidently. "I just want to bring her back." Spinning on his heel, Gale stalked outside, motioning for Peeta to follow with a jerk of his head. Xoxoxxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo Peeta looked around in wonder at the half moon lake nestled in the trees. High on a bank stood an old cabin with concrete walls and cracked windows. A slanted chimney stood sentinel in one corner. Gale hugged a thick boughed oak and watched the house silently for a few moments. "There's no fire," he muttered. "It looks empty." "Where else could she have gone?" Peeta asked softly. "How far could she have gotten? She hasn't been gone that long." Gale made a noncommittal motion before slipping around the tree and stalking toward the house. "Catnip," he called. "It's me, Gale. Come on out, dammit. We came to take you home." His only answer was a water bird's low call echoing across the water. "Katniss," Peeta shouted. "If you're there, please come out." There was no answer from the cabin but the bird's discreet call sounded again. They entered, eyes sweeping the single room, verifying what they'd already guessed. Gale doubled up a fist and punched the textured wall, cursing under his breath. Peeta looked on helplessly, making a slow circuit around the room, looking for some sign that she'd been there. Seeing furtive movements outside the window, he hugged the wall, motioning furiously to catch Gale's eye. The men moving outside were clearly soldiers, wearing uniforms of a utilitarian cut. They fanned out, communicating with hand signals as they fell into formation around the door. "You in the cabin, come out. We won't fire unless provoked so it's best that you cooperate." "What do we do?" Peeta stammered. "What do you think?" Gale returned. "We do what they say. Those aren't Peacekeepers." They filed through the door, hands raised and found themselves surrounded by six or seven men, rifles unslung and carried at the ready. "Who are you and what are you doing out here?" The one who seemed to be the leader questioned. "We're from Twelve," Peeta chimed in despite Gale's quelling look. "We're looking for a girl who might have come this way." He held up a hand on level with his chin. "She's not very big, with dark hair and gray eyes." The officer gave an understanding nod; holstering his rifle and pulling out a complicated device alight with blinking lights. "My name is Boggs. We're from Thirteen. Earlier today, one of our boundary sensors tripped. Thinking it might be a possible incursion by the Capital, we dispatched a couple of squads. It might be your girl." "Would you be willing to take us there?" Peeta questioned eagerly. "We're not from the Capital and we won't bother you again. It's important." Boggs mulled it over, light blue eyes shifting from one to the other. "Policy states that she go to Thirteen for questioning. We don't take this sort of thing lightly." This time, it was Gale who spoke. "She's just one person. Trust me, she doesn't mean your people any harm. She just took off and we want to bring her home." "If we do this, will you give your word that you won't trespass in Thirteen's territory going forward? Just know if you do, the penalties are severe." The two eyed each other uneasily before giving an affirmative shake of their head. "Just take us to her," Peeta stated. "That'll be the last time you'll hear from us." He let out a relieved breath when Boggs exchanged glances with his men and then nodded. Xoxoxxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxxoxoxoxo Katniss gasped, ducking back inside and floundering for her bow. It had to be Peacekeepers. Her father's weapon wouldn't do her much good but it was a comfort to feel its weight. If she was going to die, at least she'd have something of her family with her. "Katniss," her name filled the clearing, pulling the breath from her lungs. "Katniss, it's Peeta and Gale. We've come to take you home." Her bow fell from nerveless fingers as she stumbled outside, gray eyes wide and disbelieving. There he was. Blond curls falling in waves over his forehead, almost but not quite obscuring those cornflower blue eyes. He smiled when he saw her, blinking rapidly as he shrugged off one of the faceless soldier's hands and bounded toward her. She didn't realize she was moving until he caught her up, pulling her close and burying his face in her hair. "Peeta," she said in wonder. "How did you find me? What are you doing here?" He cupped her chin, eyes moving slowly over her face. "You took off before we finished our conversation." Katniss shook her head, too confused by his sudden appearance to pull away as he'd expected. "But Delly. Prim. Oh my God, is Prim okay? Is that why you came?" "She's fine. So is Delly. She told me to come." "But the…Peeta, is that Gale?" Her eyes rounded as she caught a glimpse of her best friend lost in conversation with one of the steely eyed soldiers. "Katniss," Peeta interrupted. "Yes, that's Gale. We've come to bring you home. Prim talked him into bringing me out here." She pulled away, folding her arms across her middle as she avoided his pleading gaze. "I can't. You know why. You shouldn't have come here." "What I know," he interjected, "is that I love you too. I'm taking you home where you belong. You and me and Prim, we'll be a family. Please, Katniss. Stay with me." Looking into his desperate eyes, seeing an inexhaustible love burning there, she felt her heart leap. Warmth gathered in her chest, spreading out along her limbs to the very tips of her being. Katniss felt hot tears flood her eyes and trickle down her cheeks as she stared up at him. He waited…let her come to it all on her own. When she spoke, she meant it with everything she had. "Always."