square is divided by a newly erected barrier that cuts off access to Snow's mansion. Inside the enclosure, children huddle in small groups or wander around aimlessly, guarded on all sides by ranks of Peacekeepers. Abruptly, the relative quiet is shattered as Rebels charge into the Circle. The Peacekeepers stand firm, firing over the huddled masses as screams and acrid smoke fills the air. The hovercraft appears as if from nowhere, a hail of silver parachutes falling in its wake. When the bombs go off, Peeta falls to his knees as the blackness threatens to overtake him. Just a glimpse of the carnage inside the barrier is enough to take him back. Their blood paints the snow red, droplets fanning out in ever widening arcs. It spatters like rain…like rain. God help me. I can't go back there again. XOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXO He runs from the shadows, straight into madness. It is a scene he is intimately familiar with. His eyes dart frantically around the square, searching for one face amid hundreds. Just a glimpse. That's all he wants. Something to prove that she is still alright and that he isn't too late. There. Moving fast. Running pell mell right into the heart of the flames toward a small figure that seems to be calling her name. He hears her shriek above the din. One word that shatters the air like a blow. PRIM! Oh God! He thinks. Not her, not her. Please, God, not her. He sees the two collide and merge, and then the fire swallows them both. An errant memory breaks loose and slams into him with the force of a battering ram, "You should wear flames more often. They suit you." His own voice thunders in his head. Screaming, he throws himself forward, unmindful of the heat that clamps down like a vise. The smaller of the two, she is gone. Katniss is a swirling maelstrom that pulls the flames in and pushes them back out in lines that mirror her every move. They wrap her up and hold her close. They caress her as a lover would. No part of her is left untouched. Her brow, her hands, the long line of her back. Scorching kisses paint with a delicate hand. Her shouts beat against the listless sky, reverberating in his ears until no other sound can get through. I have to get her out. I can't let go…not now. Not yet. He finally reaches her and pushes her to the pavement, smothering the flames that consume her with his body. The brief flash of warmth is sudden and sharp. It causes him to wince as charred cloth grates against tender flesh. He doesn't concern himself with his own state. It's her that needs attention right now. She fights him, arms flailing and legs thrashing weakly. "Prim, let me go," she gasps breathlessly. The words shock him back to awareness. She fights for air much like a fish out of water. Her hands reach aimlessly out and he takes them gently between his own. He holds them as tightly as he can, trying to comfort her the only way he knows how. "Let me die," she whispers. "Let me follow the others." He wordlessly shakes his head. He can't give her that. Anything and everything else, but not that. Raised voices fill up the air around them. Something blessedly cool pours over him, running down his face and soaking what's left of his coat. "Let go," an unfamiliar voice demands insistently. "We need to see how badly you are injured. Please, Peeta. Let go." He can only shake his head. He can't let go. If he lets go first then she will and he'll never get her back. The sharp prick of a needle entering his vein followed by the spreading warmth of morphling takes him under. His arms loosen but still keep her tucked tightly against his chest. Her name is on his lips when the darkness finally claims him. XOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXO The squad assigned to City Circle faces a daunting task. The Circle took the brunt of the Rebels' final push through the City. Restoring order won't be easy nor will it be quickly done. Bodies litter the street along with shattered remains of the concrete barriers that were ripped asunder by the doubly exploding bombs. The attack had been brutally efficient. An unnamed corporal pokes idly through the rubble, shifting the larger pieces aside as he searches for salvageable ordnance. Shortages are running rampant in the Capital as well as in the outlying districts. It will take years to get back to anything resembling normal. Some districts will never fully recover. It's just another casualty of the war. He skirts the edge of the barricade, stepping carefully to avoid potholes and loose stones. A glint of metal catches his eye so he stoops and gently brushes away pebbles and dust until he can see it more clearly. He catches a glimpse of a smaller piece made of a duller, thicker material than the first. Taking out his canteen, he gives them a hasty cleaning. What he finds causes him to catch his breath. The first is a handcuff which dangles from a short length of chain. The other is mysteriously absent. The metal is dark and discolored, warped by the heat of the blaze. A rough heart shape is all that remains. The other is a pin in the shape of a bird. Its bowed head and outstretched wings are as distinctive as the arrow it clutches tightly. Katniss Everdeen's mockingjay. He will never know if it is her pin. Rumor has it that she was in the square when the bombs fell, as was Peeta Mellark. He finds it unbelievable that Command would risk the star-crossed lovers on the front line. It's just a coincidence, he decides. Wrapping the pin and heart carefully in a handkerchief, he tucks them into his pack. There's still a lot of ground to cover before dark. It ends…..