– fire and moon, gold and silver. The contrasting glows seemed to burnish his skin to a sparkling bronze. He was handsome, no denying it, strong features, a dependable jaw, his face a mask of cool equanimity. She leaned back in her chair with a slow curving smile. "So what's the deal between you and Katniss?" The facade slipped. "What?" For the first time she'd known him he looked like an eighteen year old boy. "You two were as cozy as conjoined twins back in Thirteen. So why did she up and pick Peeta in the final hour?" Gale frowned. He turned his eyes to his elaborately folded napkin, picked it up and spread it laboriously over his lap. "Did she?" "Well she sure as hell didn't pick you ." This sparked several seconds of cackling that was only waylaid by the return of the waiter, a bottle of wine and two glasses in hand. "Leave the bottle," Johanna ordered. "And you can take my glass away, I won't be needing it." She took a long swig. Johanna relinquished the bottle to Gale and he poured himself a glass. He stared at the jewel red liquid, swirling the glass in his hand. "The truth is," he finally said, "Katniss had some...issues over one of the weapons I developed with Beetee." He took a sip. "She felt it went beyond the proper boundaries of polite warfare." Johanna wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. "Wait, what weapon?" Her eyes narrowed. "Are you talking about the double explosion outside the palace?" "That's the one." Johanna snorted. "Why? It's what won us the damn war!" "I know, right?" "So Miss Perfect Purity Princess is upset that you blew up a few kids?" She shook her head in disbelief. "As if the Capitol hasn't been exploiting the deaths of children for decades ." "That's exactly what I told her. But according to Katniss…." He held out his palms. "My hands are dirty." "So are mine." She took another swig. "And so are hers. So where does she get off judging anyone when she's killed just as many people as you or me. Probably more!" The topic was dropped at the approach of their waiter, both tempers assauged by the sight of seven deftly balanced trays. Forgoing her knife and fork, Johanna reached for the nearest platter, lifted a sizzling steak to her mouth and sank in her teeth. "Seven plates," mused Johanna between chews. "Good number." "Your home District, right?" "Sure." She swallowed. "As much a home as any one of us can have in this hellish nation." Gale began cutting into his squab. "So tell me about District Seven." Fingers of heat traced up her neck and caressed her face. Johanna reached for the bottle. What was there to tell?Oh, she could rattle a few things off, maybe. About the ancient firs, perhaps. And the acres and acres of mighty trunks that pierced the clouds, dense thickets spliced with cool and sprinting waters. Mountains bedecked with pines, festooned with limpid lakes, and how she would gaze at those crystal surfaces for hours, hoping they could represent even a small part of her soul. She said: "I heard a statistic once. Apparently, we had the highest on the job fatality rate in all of Panem. Yeah, you guys think you had it bad in Twelve, in the mines? Try getting diced by flying hatches or the occasional accident at the wood chipper. That's Seven!" She pointed both thumbs at herself. "That's my home." "Do you ever want to go back there?" "What did I just tell you?" She paused for another bite. "It's nothing to me. Nothing but dead trees and bad memories." "There's a lot of those." He laughed. "The memories I mean, not the trees. And everyone's got them." He grew quiet, his face pensive. His eyes strayed from her face, lingered at an obscure spot over her shoulder, on what she could only assume was an assortment of his own unique horrors. He dispelled the moment with a shake of his head. "That's why I wanted to take you here ." He gestured to the dilapidated walls, the crumbling roof. "Candlelight, good food, good company. I'm tired of making more bad memories. I'm tired of grasping at a past that's gone. I want to move forward." Johanna chewed slowly. She had to admit his eagerness was cute, even if he was a total failure at execution. Over a mouthful she said, "You'd make a good shrink. 'Moving forward' – that's all my idiot doctor ever talks about." "I think he's right. And I was thinking – and I hope saying it out loud won't make you murder me in my sleep – that I'd like to make some new memories, some better memories, with you." Johanna's fork froze halfway to her mouth. "What?" It dropped to her plate with a clatter. "I've done nothing but insult you and act like a complete boor." She held up her greasy hands. "Literally, I'm eating like a boar!" Gale shrugged. "So? Johanna –" he said the word like he was reminding her of her own name – "You're pretty and feisty and you make me laugh – you make everyone laugh. I figure you can eat with manners when you want to – same goes for being a pleasant human being. So if you think you can scare me off with a few insults and some belching, forget it." He looked down at his plate. "If you're not interested, that's fine. Just say the word." He looked up again. "But I think we could work, in an odd way. What do you think?" And when he smiled he wasn't calculating the odds. No games, no deception. Just a simple honesty, a simple entreaty that called for a simple yes or no. This idiot would have never survived the arena. That was why she said yes to a second. Thanks for reading :)