long for old my life, my life before the games. Even now when my life is so much easier. I realize I am tired of living a lie. "I know I don't want to lose you" I manage to say. His glare softens and he embraces me, lifting me up and carrying me back to the bed. He kisses me and holds me close, hugging me so tight I almost pass out. Sensing my discomfort his kisses become less frantic and eventually, his lips pull away from mine and he rests his head on my shoulder as he whispers, "I have to go." I nod my head and bite my lip as I look up at him. He kisses me one last time before getting up and stripping off his clothes and heads into the shower. Less than ten minutes later, he emerges from the bathroom. His bag on his shoulder, he tells me he loves me before heading to the window, sneaking out into the darkness. I do not tell him I love him back. I know I should, but I can't. I think surely he knows how I feel about him by now right? I think of how there are now no more secrets between us as I watch Peeta draw in my Mom's book. Relieved that I no longer have to hide the evidence of what I have been doing, I contemplate telling my Mother my secret, to see if there is anything else I could use to prevent pregnancy. Is my current method safe? I don't know, and I know Gale is worried that what I am doing could kill me. Suddenly my thoughts are interrupted when Peeta says, "What are you thinking about? You look deep in thought" his blue eyes looking intently into mine. "That I think we should have dinner with Haymitch tonight, just the three of us." He smiles at me and says, "Sounds good to me" and focuses his attention back to his work. I want to have dinner with him and Haymitch, for I enjoy getting out of the house as much as I can. I feel sick inside for telling him yet another lie as I watch him draw. Once I am fully healed and the snow begins to melt, my prep team along with Cinna come to the house to visit me. They are here for an official wedding shoot. They have me try on a bunch of different dresses and take my picture. While grabbing a quick lunch with Peeta in between shoots, he senses that my mind is elsewhere. "I just, I hate this. The Capitol making such a big deal about us, putting this wedding on display for all of Panem to see." "We have to do this, you know we don't have a choice." "I know, but I still hate it." "Because of Gale?" "What do you mean?" I begin to panic not knowing why Peeta has asked about Gale. "You know it hurts him to see us on display in front of the Capitol." "I don't think he is hurt-" "Don't lie to me Katniss. I know you have been hiding your relationship with him." I stare at him in shock. "How?" I manage to whisper, not wanting my prep team to overhear us. "Last Saturday night, I was having a hard time sleeping and I decided to go outside to get some fresh air. The sun was beginning to rise, and I saw Gale sneak out of your window. I saw him lean up and kiss you in the window before climbing down." I look down in shame. I am not ashamed that he knows I am with Gale, but ashamed that he knows I have been lying to him. "Snow can't know, no one can know. I didn't want to lie to you." "Well, I'm sorry that you can't be with the one you love and instead, you're stuck marrying me!" his voice rising in anger. "Peeta-" And before I can say another word he gets up and leaves me at the table, walking out. "Oh good Peeta is gone, ready to try on your next dress?" Octavia says to me when she comes into the room a few minutes later. I force a smile and say, "Yes" and get up from the table and head upstairs to continue the shoot. "Prim says there is a mandatory viewing tomorrow night" I say as I curl up next to Gale in bed. His hand stroking my hair, I lay my arm across his bare chest as it moves up and down. I feel my heartbeat begin to return to normal, already longing for him to be inside me again. I can't get enough. I am beginning to think I am addicted, addicted to him. "Let me guess, she thinks they are going to show footage of your wedding shoot." I hear the disdain in his voice. "Yes." "You don't think that's what the viewing is about?" "I don't know. I think it could be something else." "Maybe the Quell?" "That's what I am afraid of." He assures me that it will be fine before drifting off to sleep. I want to talk with him about it more, but I know I need to let him sleep. He gets little sleep as is, and with his nights spent with me in my bed he sometimes hardly gets any sleep at all when my nightmares wake me up multiple times throughout the night. I look up at the ceiling and wonder how much longer I can keep this relationship a secret. Peeta knows, most likely our families know, will it only be a matter of time before Snow knows if he doesn't already? I tell myself it will be fine and close my eyes. Trying to fall asleep, I realize I am lying to myself to ease my fears. No one is safe from the Capitol, least of all me. A/N: Reviews are appreciated!