Annie, Katniss stands. Finnick does the same, moving toward the door to his cell, wrapping his fingers around the bars. Annie stays where she is, in no hurry to put herself in a position that will make her easier to remove from her cell. She curls her arms protectively around her unborn child, the motion drawing Finnick's attention. He makes a wordless sound and she looks over at him. His lips move as he watches her and she doesn't need to read them to know what he says because the same litany runs through her mind. My name is Annie Odair. I am 23 years old. I am the victor of the 70 th Hunger Games. I am married to Finnick Odair. I love him and he loves me. We are rebels. We lost. Over and over the mantra repeats. She thinks it may be the only thing that keeps her from screaming. Footsteps approach, echoing from the metal and concrete walls. They stop in front of her cell and only then does Annie look away from her husband. Instead of making a barrier of her arms to protect the growing life inside her, now she curls her entire body around their child, as if that could somehow stop them from taking it from her. Something drips onto her bare arm. Her eyelashes, her cheeks are wet. Tears. Locking her arms around her legs, Annie begins to rock. The words she recited inside her head she now recites aloud, a whispered shield. The door to her cell opens with a squeal of hinges. Someone should oil those , she thinks. "Please don't do this." Finnick's pleading voice, strained, rough at the edges. No one else says anything. "Miss Cresta, I need you to stand up." Annie stops rocking, wipes her eyes against her arm, but doesn't stand. "Miss Cresta. Stand up, please." She wonders why he's being so polite. What's the point? But still she doesn't stand. The man shifts with a creak of leather and steps into the cell. A rattle of metal bars and "Leave her alone." Finnick's voice is stronger, but at the same time more ragged, not just rough at the edges but torn. The Peacekeeper bends down and Annie surges to her feet, shoves him aside. She doesn't wait for him to react. She dashes from her cell and past his white-uniformed partner, bare feet slapping at the concrete floor. Behind her six voices shout things at her, at each other. Only one of those voices matters. Finnick calls her name. Nothing else, just her name, over and over. Annie almost makes it to the door before the Peacekeepers take her down. She falls. She goes under. Nothing but white surrounds her when she opens her eyes again. White lights in a white ceiling surrounded by white walls. A white sheet covering her body where she lays in a bed that is no doubt also white, though she can't see it. She lifts a hand, tries to bring it to her abdomen – have they already taken her baby? – but she can only move a couple of inches, if that. She glances at her hand, sees a green cloth band securing her wrist to the bed. Hysterical laughter bubbles up in her throat and rips free. Someone shifts in the chair beside the bed. "Annie?" Finnick's voice, worried, frightened. She laughs harder until she chokes on a sob. "They're green. They're supposed to be white." Before Finnick can say anything to that, there is a buzz at the door. Two Peacekeepers move at the sound. One steps further into the room and turns so that she faces both the door and the bed on which Annie lies; the other steps farther to the side of where the door will open and presses a button. A moment later there is a click and a woman steps into the room, clipboard in hand. Beside the bed, Finnick stands, but he moves slowly, awkwardly, his motions uncharacteristically graceless. Once he pushes the chair back with his knees, Annie sees why: they've cuffed his hands behind his back. He slides closer to Annie, shifts until he can take her left hand in both of his. It has to hurt him, the strain of it, but if it does, he makes no sign. The woman looks up from her clipboard. "Miss Cresta? I'm Doctor Muhti." She looks at Annie, but then her gaze shifts to Finnick and her eyes widen in recognition. There is a syringe in her hand. Annie whimpers. Waves, murky and cold, roar in her ears and she pulls at the restraints. "Melissa," Finnick says, his voice fragile, "please don't do this." Annie's eyes fly to Finnick. You know her? she wants to ask but all that comes out is another whimper. The woman, Dr. Muhti, looks back and forth between Annie and Finnick, then down at the chart in her hands. She glances at the guards and frowns. "Pardon me for a moment, please." She leaves the room and the door closes behind her. The Peacekeeper guards resume their stations. The only thing that stops Finnick from crushing Annie's hand is the awkward position of his own. "Finnick?" Annie whispers and he looks down over his shoulder toward her, then releases her hand and turns to face her. He drops to his knees beside the bed, bringing his face more or less level with Annie's. "I'm here, love, I'm here." He leans toward her and she moves as far as the restraints allow, which isn't far, but it's enough. They kiss. The door buzzes and a moment later Dr. Muhti reenters. "I'm sorry, but it's time." Her face is ashen and her hand is shaking and Annie thinks that maybe she really means it, that she's sorry for what she's about to do. "Please," Finnick murmurs against Annie's lips and the dark waves of the arena that Annie never left roll and break inside her.