she couldn´t stop starring at his lips, how they move and thinking what he had done with them on a night many months ago. After a while dreaming, she woke up and started to listen again. "..and so I just can say I am so sorry that I pestered you. You were drunk and I exploited the situation. I can only say I also had too much to drink that night and I would never had done anything like that without knowing your name and just so shortly after meeting you for the first time." ' What?' "Wait" she stops him. "You think you used me?" He looks at her strangely. "Just to make it clear, I wanted it, not that I do something like that normally and yes, I was drunk but I was totally unimpaired, totally able to make decisions and I knew what I was doing and I wanted it." His eyes are shining with disbelief. "Really?" he asks. "But you were drunk and I basically attacked you, I mean you don´t have to say it just because I am the son of the CEO. Really! My behavior was inappropriate!" "No, I was the one acting like a lunatic. I jumped you out of the blue, but I promise I wanted it. You didn´t harass me or force me to anything." The troubled look slowly vanished from his eyes. His 'Okay' was still hesitated and Katniss knew he was still not 100% convinced. Still, a brilliant smile took over his face. "You know" he started "I still don´t know your name." ' There is this charming man that I met at the party.' She returns his smile. „I'm Katniss Everdeen. From the IT department and at the moment dressed as a 'Cupid'." His laugh goes through her whole body, remembering her why she choose him that night. "Hello Katniss," he says and extents her, his hand "I am Peeta Mellark. Really nice to meet you." When their skin meets again, for the first time after 4 months the heat comes back. His eyes are locked with hers. Slowly he pulls her to him until their bodies are touching and their linked hands lie on his chest. The whole time his thumb is caressing her hand. A shudder goes through her when she feels his pectorals under her fingers. She remembers this strong body that was wrapped around her, the muscles in the back moving under her hands when he was thrusting into her. The strong thighs between her legs, the narrow hips her useless legs were wrapped around. She can feel how she gets wet again just thinking about their tryst on a bureau table, so long ago. She can clearly feel him getting hard through his dress pants and her short dress. They are clearly thinking along similar lines. And that makes her even wetter. "It is really great to meet you." He says with a seductive voice, his gaze doesn´t leave her eyes the whole time. "You already said that" she answers lowly. "Yes, you are right. I just mean I am really, really happy about it. We should go out. For coffee, or dinner, or lunch or whatever you want." "Food is at the moment not number one on my priority list", she replies with a smile. "And what is number one?" he asks. "This," comes her answer, as she lets the bow she still has in her hand fall down and presses her lips on his pliable ones. His mouth opens just a second later and he licks with his tongue over her lips. She lets him in and the two lose themselves in their kiss. Katniss can feel how she is pulled up and pushed against the cold steel of the elevator. Her legs loop around Peeta´s hips, her arms around his neck, sinking her hands into his hair. He rubs his cock and body against her. His hands wander to her ass, squeeze it. He pulls his lips from her mouth and sucks on her neck. Soft moans are coming from her, grunts from him. Both don´t notice the elevator moving again, they are so concentrated on each other. But both hear the horrified gasp coming form the open door. Still pushed against the wall, her legs wrapped around the future CEO of Mellark Industries, his hands on her ass with his face buried in her neck, both their heads snap in the direction of the noise. The doors were open, clearly opened by the technician standing in front of it, who looks surprised at her and Peeta. Next to him stands Effie Trinket her face red, the enraptured gasp clearly from her. Delly, Peeta´s receptionist, stand with her eyes are almost bulging out of her head, like most of the eyes of the around 15 people standing in front of the lift, nosy busy bodies wanting to know what kind of scandal was happening right know. One person was grinning like crazy. Finnick stands next to Annie, who looks confused, with a devious smile bigger than she ever seen before, gracing his face. Before he even opens his mouth Katniss knows whatever will come will make her angry. "Kitty Kat, when we said to 'meet' Peeta Mellark, we meant to talk to him, not thrust your tongue in his mouth. But I have to say you are really a very dedicated 'Cupid' spreading love and happiness! Nice to know that you already started the party without us!" he says laughing. Many people start to giggle and even Effie´s scandalized face starts to change in amusement. Her face becomes red and she hides it in Peeta´s neck. He is laughing, gives her a kiss to the forehead and says: "What can I say? I always had a thing for dark haired archers." Everybody starts to laugh. Katniss looks up and sees Peeta smiling. "Happy Valentine's Day, Katniss" he says. ' Maybe Valentines Day is not so bad after all' she thinks.