tantilizing grip. "Careful, Catnip," he said. And I knew it wasn't because I was hurting him, it was because he wanted this time to last. He didn't want to finish so quickly all at once. He wanted to savor it, and he wanted to savor me for as long as I could still belong to him. I stopped and he sat up, switching positions so I was once again beneath me. By now my groin was throbbing so much that I didn't think I could take it anymore. There were very few times when I had felt anything like this, and this was the only time where he had been the cause of it. Or really, the only time that I had let him be the cause of it. My pants and underwear were off as quickly as his were, and there I was, naked beneath him. But he could look at nothing but my face and my eyes, and that was how I knew how deeply he loved me. I touched his face gently, and he took that as permission to let his eyes look over me hungrily. I knew all he wanted to do was get lost inside of me, but he managed to restrain himself. I felt him slide first one finger, and then two inside of me. I kept quiet, even though it felt like he was ripping me apart in some places. I could feel that I was dripping wet, and it was honestly embarrassing to a certain extent. After he had used his fingers to stretch me out a little, he began to move them in and out of me quickly. His thumb searched my wet folds for the small bundle of nerves that resided there and once he found it he began to rub it. The amount of pleasure that it gave me was dangerous. I shouted loudly, at nothing in particular. I felt my stomach burning with pleasure, and before long I had to give in. I arched my back and finished with a soft moan of pleasure. After I had rode out my orgasm, I looked up at Gale with soft eyes and pink cheeks, and I knew that he was dying for the same release that I had just experienced. Silently, he sat up and pulled me onto his lap. The look in his eyes was a question to me, asking if I really wanted to do this. "Yes," I said, and then, "Promise me something - " but before I could continue, he already knew what I was going to say. "I won't let you get pregnant, Catnip," he said, brushing some hair off of my sweaty forehead. "Trust me." A kiss on his neck was my only response, and I let my cheek rest on his shoulder. I breathed in the scent of his skin, mindlessly pressing my lips wherever I could reach. He wrapped both of his arms around me, holding me the way he did before I left District 12 to participate in the Hunger Games. Like he was never going to see me again. My legs wound themselves tightly around his hips. It felt like hours before he finally slid himself inside of me. I couldn't suppress a low grunt of pain. Two fingers had been nothing compared to what I felt right now. But he was gentle, and he was slow. His hands ran up and down my back and he waited for a kiss from me as consent to begin thrusting. It didn't hurt for long. Soon enough I felt the warmth slowly begin to pool in my stomach again. "Gale," I breathed, and I felt the goosebumps beneath my mouth, even though he was covered in sweat. "Yes Catnip?" he breathed into my hair. "I love you." "I know." We were silent after that, with the exception of our moans of pleasure. I felt his hand on the back of my neck and I picked his head up on my shoulder. The warmth in my stomach was escalating fast, and I knew it was only moments before it took control of me. "I want to look at you..." he grunted. And I knew he meant that he wanted to see me, to look into my eyes when he finished. I took his lips in my own briefly before pressing my forehead against his so that again, I saw my own reflection in his eyes. My breathing hitched in my chest and I felt the warmth unleash itself all over my body. His hands were there to support me as arched my back into him. He emitted a deep, breathy moan and I knew that he hadn't been able to resist the feeling of me tightening around him. But he got what he wanted. He was looking straight into my eyes when he finished, and before I had seen stars, I saw him. I saw Gale sweaty, vulnerable, and in love. We fell back onto the bed next to each other. "I can't stay long..." he murmured, taking my braid in his hands and running his fingers over it. "I know..." I whispered, pressing my body against him. We were silent for a few moments before he sat up and began to gather his clothes. His back was turned to me when he got dressed, but he spoke to me nonetheless. I took the time to gather at least my underwear and shirt from the floor and pull them onto my sweaty body. "I need you to promise me something now, Catnip." "Anything." "I want you to keep me in your heart, in a place no one else can reach," he turned to me. "Not even him." I didn't have to say anything for him to know I would. Before leaving, he told me to lay down and he kissed my forehead. The last time I ever saw him, he was sliding out my bedroom door, as silent and elusive as a phantom.