before she finally snaps out a "Right." just as a tribute comes up behind her ready to attack. "Duck!" Finnick commanded, his voice momentarily different from normal in the need for immediacy, and she did. He threw his trident just in time to catch the male tribute from District 5 in the chest. Moving to get his trident back Finnick kicked into gear. "Don't trust One and Two." He said over his shoulder as his eyes found Mags. Apparently the two tributes behind her had stopped to struggle with each other and Mags was making it to the Cornucopia on her own. When he glanced back to Katniss she was slinging on a quiver full of arrows. "Each take one side?" she asked and Finnick nodded in agreement. "Anything useful?" Finnick asked as he scanned his side of the Cornucopia as well as the waters on the other side to track what tributes were where. " "Weapons! Nothing but weapons!" Katniss called back. His quick scan had proven the same. "Same here, grab what you want and let's go!" Mags was hitting the land immediately surrounding the Cornucopia and Finnick nodded to her but she was pointing behind him. Finnick swung around only to find a sword inches from his face. It was held by a thin woman with blood red hair and green eyes that looked about as deadly as the sword which had only failed to hit him because another was blocking it from him. In front of him was the male and female tribute of District 10, Sapphire and Nexus. "Sapphire, Finnick is the one I told you of." Nexus said harshly as he parried her sword aside. Sapphire straightened as her eyes flitted to survey the rest of the area while Nexus turned to Finnick. "Sorry, adrenaline and all. It can be hard to see a gold bracelet when everyone's out to get you." Nexus said as he held up an arm that had a red ribbon tied to it. Finnick's brain finally kicked in as he lowered his trident slightly. "Haymitch?" Finnick asked, already knowing the answer as Nexus nodded. There was a clang of metal and the three looked to Katniss who was facing Brutus. "Are we helping that one?" Sapphire asked. Finnick didn't know how she had done it with him there the whole time but the woman was already loaded down with weapons besides the sword in hand. "Yes. She had intrigued you hadn't she?" Nexus asked. Sapphire simply nodded as she swiftly popped out a knife and with a smooth practiced motion threw it. Brutus who had been using a belt as a type of shield and had even parried one of Katniss' arrows hadn't been concentrating on Sapphire and the knife embedded itself into his leg, downing the male before he fully reached land. Before Katniss could send off the killing blow Brutus rolled the few feet to the water and submerges. Katniss looked at Sapphire and Nexus and then to Finnick. Finnick could only nod to say they were safe and apparently it worked for her. "Let's clear out." Katniss said as he saw that the careers were starting to hit the Cornucopia. "Your female tribute is point at something." Sapphire said nodding to Mags. Finnick and Katniss caught what Mags was pointing at in mere seconds, Peeta. He looked to be stranded on his plate, unable to swim. "We'll cover you while you get him." Nexus said as both him a Sapphire took either side of the entrance to the rock line that lead to Mags and Peeta. Finnick nodded and ran out to Mags. Finnick had to stop Katniss from diving in for Peeta herself, giving off the excuse that she shouldn't exert herself with her pregnancy. In all honesty Finnick was fairly certain the whole relationship between Katniss and Peeta was a hoax and that the pregnancy was an even bigger one but it gave him a quick excuse. He was the faster swimmer and they needed to get out of there. While Finnick had noticed Sapphire and Nexus in training and knew they could more then hold their own, they would be easily outnumbered at the Cornucopia. Getting Peeta to cooperate was much easier than Katniss and within minutes Finnick was dragging Peeta onto the rock line at Katniss and Mags' feet. When Finnick looked up to find the tributes from 10 he could only watch as Nexus fell from a dagger to the head. The dagger had come from Cashmere. Immediately Finnick took off back to Sapphire who let out an unearthly scream. A tribute from 9 took the force of her anger as he blocked her path to Cashmere but Finnick was there just as she was about to leap over the fallen body to make a mad dash at Cashmere. His arm wrapped around her waist and held her from moving forward. "You can't!" Finnick gritted out as she fought to get free to tear out the golden locks of the woman who had killed one from her District. Gloss walked up from behind Cashmere and smiled at them. "There are too many careers there. We need to retreat!" Sapphire blocked a throwing knife that Cashmere threw almost to taunt her but it seemed to snap her out of it. Finnick paused only a second before letting her go, her green eyes snapping to him and then beyond to Katniss, Peeta, and Mags. Katniss had passed out weapons to Peeta and an awl to Mags and was now notching an arrow looking ready to try for a shot at the careers behind them. They both quickly went back to them. Finnick easily picked up Mags and put her on his back over his net as he held his trident in his free hand. "Let's go." Katniss said and they all ran away from the Cornucopia, ran away from the piles of dead tributes and the career pack that had now taken over.