Peeta, then trail the pair. The experts at hiding in plain sight, they would keep themselves close by and unobservable, the invisible guardians circling their camp like smoke off a fire. But Jake dies on the swim out. Blood weeps from the handle of the blade lodged into his back, too bright, too beautiful, a glorious shade that no pigment could truly replicate. Beside him, she looks away from the face disappearing under reddening waters. She swims faster and harder, and swallows down the salt pooling on her tongue. The mistake in camouflaging is to forget that it's not only sights that need masking, but smells . The air fills with strange, inhuman sounds, clangs of a nearby skirmish as she lies motionless, hunkered down for the night. She used the environment as her toolkit, the landscape as her canvass till she blended in with the mud, moss, and trees. Katniss and Peeta and their deadly posse have not yet found her. They never once suspected, even when she was close enough to trip over – or at least kill them all in their sleep. Not a threat . But one should never forget that she was once a victor of The Hunger Games. Even the mutts don't notice her. Genetically designed to seek and destroy, and they don't notice her. But she is always there, silent and still, waiting, just waiting for the right time to be of use, to give her life for District Twelve as she had sworn, to make amends for twenty-three pieces of life, the tributes to which she had never paid tribute. The sounds draw nearer. She waits for the perfect opportunity. Her opportunity. Like lightning she lunges between the monkey's razor jaw and its mark. Her only thought is that she's glad it is Peeta. Gentle waves lick her skin, lap playfully over the sound of a painful gasping. She tries. But she can say nothing for the gaping holes in her throat, the blood filling her lungs. She gives up crucial air and receives nothing back for the effort. No bitter cries. No final, lingering words. Nothing but a wretched gasping, gasping, her face locking tight to the aching eyes of the boy who she was determined to save, the boy who, perhaps one day, could become the savior of them all, if she could only save him. I did. Peace eases into her bones. A fatalistic darkness creeps into the margins of her vision. Color recedes. Fuzzy spots splish-splash over Peeta's face like flying specks of ink. Fading . But she has long enough to hear his calm voice comforting her, beckoning her eyes to the sky. She looks up. "Look at that." That : A melody of light, a harmony of color and texture that greet her with open arms. Blood orange in long, wide swatches. Patches of honeyed amber. The rare burst of violet. And the soft blue of day chased by all these to the remotest edge of the horizon, a thinning line that holds back descending twilight like a cradle for the sky. The mounting grey sits heavy above, biding its time, ready to swoop down and usher in the pitch black night that she used to fear, while the clouds, soft and threadbare, drift lazily along, as if the turning of day to night is none of their concern. "It's incredible isn't it? All those colors. Don't worry about anything else." Mesmerized by her old friends, twenty-three fragments piece together like a scroll unfurling across the sky, and for the first time in twenty years she does not worry about anything else. Not the pain. Not the guilt. Not in finding a way to erase the old foes. She lets them go. Twenty-three vivid faces dissolve into the dusk. New sources of color rush in to take their place. Now she sees sepia-tinted memories. In a bygone age she was a painter by trade. Years ago her father would say with a laugh, "You could capture the whole world with that brush of yours," and she would smile and reply, "but only if I could see the world, and every color in it." The same thought loiters now, and she recalls coating each train car with colors mixed by her very own hands, designs crafted by her very own mind, and the longing way she would watch them depart to the candy coated capitol, waving them with off with a tear and a smile like they were her very own children. "I'll be right here with you. It's okay." Through it all remains Peeta's columbine voice, his glacier colored eyes. She wonders what he will recall of this moment, what he will he make of her in these final seconds. What will he remember, she wonders, years later, when the tears and blood have dried and he has only his brush to tell the tales? What will he tell? Will he tell of the sunset over the beach? Or the exact shade of mud she had used to mask her face from sight? Or will the strokes be dark and angry and coarse, dipped in melancholy, decrying the moment when the horrid gasping stops? She feels that in this baker maybe, just maybe, she's found a conduit for her stolen words, the things she will never get to say. The darkness in her eyes grows bolder and she dreams that he'll tell of her final thoughts, lazy and hushed, a slow running brook by the factory that the children would wade in after supper on purple summer nights bedazzled by fireflies. I'll be right here with you. He'll tell of thoughts of grace, a placid, shining lake with water the color of his eyes and the warm press of his hand in her palm, for there is beauty even in death. It's okay. She rests with a final thought of happiness, because Peeta lives, and he'll tell of twenty-four deaths that have not been in vain.