for stupid reasons. He shouted at me for sneezing once, I was so taken back that I kept staring at him for about half an hour because that was the first time that Peeta had ever shouted at me. The second time didnt come long after because he shouted at me for staring at him. I got used to it eventually though and it seems he has too because he doesnt shout at anyone anymore. "I dont mind. If you wake up from a nightmare, I'll sit and talk to you." I say and we go to our seperate rooms. He does wake up from a nightmare. Around midnight and I almost fall out of bed because of the screaming. He never screams in his sleep so it must have been a really bad nightmare. I quickly jump out of bed and fly around the corner to his bedroom. "Peeta!" I shout expecting him to wake up but when I get there he is still thrashing around in his sleep. "Katniss!" He shouts in his sleep. Why is he dreaming about me? You need to wake him up! Wake him up before it gets worse! "Peeta! Wake up!" I run over to the side of his bed and start to shake his arms as he screams and thrashes around. "Come one Peeta! Its a dream!" I attempt to restrain his arms as he throws his arm and hits me across the face. I can still feel it stinging. "NO! dont..." He's starting to calm down and as soon as he stops moving, his eyes open and he jumps up in surprise when he sees me standing next to his bed. "Peeta, its just me! You where screaming." I say and he relax's, only to pull me to him a second later. "Katniss...Oh god... I thought you where dead!" He shouts into my hair. I pat his back a little awkwardly until his breathing finally stops being heavy. Without realising, I had climbed into his bed whilst he hugged me. He wasnt lying, this bed is really comfortable. Compared to the ones I'm used to anyway which would be mine in the seam and Rye's in the Bakery. I look down at Peeta to find him asleep across my thighs. Well there is no way I can move now without him waking up and if he wakes up then he probably wont be able to get back to sleep so I make the decision to just stay here. Wait! I promised to ring The Bakery. Luckily Peeta has a phone on his bedside table. I reach out for it, having to shuffle slightly to get the phone in my hand. I remember Peeta telling me that The Bakery is on speed dail number 2. I think he said that Haymitch is on speed dial number 1 because that is how the phone came. I press number 2 and the phone begins to ring. "Hello?" Masan asks after the third ring. "Peeta?" "Its Katniss..." I whisper through the phone. "Katniss? What are you doing in Peetas bedroom?" Masan asks me. "I thought you where staying at the Bakery tonight, we where looking for you." "I'm looking after Peeta. He had a black out at the party again. I've been here since about 8." I say to him. "Did Rye not tell you?" "No, Rye is currently passed out on the kitchen counter." Masan says and I have to stifle a laugh. "So why did you ring up?" "Because Rye told me to ring up at around midnight because you would be in, to tell you how Peeta was." I say. "He's fine, by the way. I made him some hot chocolate and then got him to bed. He had a nightmare a couple minutes ago but he's back to sleep now thankfully." "Okay well thank you Katniss... for looking after him..." He says. "Its fine. I didnt mind. I didnt really want to be at that stupid party anyway." I say, laughing slightly. "Okay well you should get some sleep. I'll see you tomorrow at Haymitch's for that dinner?" He asks. I completely forgot about that dinner. Uncle Haymitch always invites us all around for a dinner the day after the victory tour. Me and mum normally cook though but this time we are getting help from Peete. He couldnt help Last year because it was a dinner for him for winning the games so he wasnt allowed to help but this time he can help because he doesnt have to work and he lives across the street. But Delly and Gale are allowed into the house until the dinner is ready. "Yeh, I forgot about that but yeh I'll see you there." I reply. "Alright and Leaven and Brooke are going to tell us their news at dinner tomorrow so we can find out then and your mum is coming over tomorrow morning. Do you want me to ask her to bring you some extra clothes?" Masan asks. The thought hadnt actually crossed my mind. Before I went to bed, I borrowed some of Peetas clothes. Only a shirt and some shorts but it didnt cross my mind that I would need more clothes for tomorrow. "Only if its not a problem?" I ask. "No, its not a problem at all." He replies. "Thank you. Anyway, I better go before I wake Peeta up." I say. "Yeh, see you tomorrow Katniss." He says and hangs up. I place the phone back on the reciever and rest my head against the headboard of the bed. Peeta is still lying across my hips with his arms around me. Its surprisingly comfortable and within minutes I'm asleep and dreaming of the woods. I hope you liked the first chapter of my new story! I had fun writing it and coming up with it. I have quite a few of the chapter already wrote down and I should be updating them soon. Maybe even tomorrow.