miss you, little ones." The last time she saw the girls was the night their father committed suicide rather than face the possibility of returning to the arena. Peacekeepers had taken them away along with their mother and brother and no one had heard from them or of them again. She wonders if any of them are still alive. She doesn't know how far she walked or how long she's been gone when a wave of nausea hits her. It's so strong she simply drops to her knees and leans forward, retching onto the wet send; a moment later the surf glides in, swirling around her knees and retreating, taking some of the sand supporting her with it. She wipes her mouth with the back of her right hand, the other she curls around her stomach; she tenses when someone else's hand comes down lightly between her shoulder blades. "Annie?" Paul asks. "Are you okay?" He doesn't try to follow when she scrambles away from him, simply leans back on his haunches and watches as her brain slowly makes the connections between that unexpected touch and his identity. Friend, not foe. Not someone who would hurt or use her. She closes her eyes even as she fights the sudden impulse to cover her ears with her hands, blocking out sound along with sight. "I'm not going to hurt you, Annie." She hears his voice above the surf, hears the concern threaded through it, and she feels heat rise in her cheeks. She forces herself to breathe normally. In. Out. In. Out. "I know you won't, Paul," she says, opening her eyes. "You startled me, that's all." "You didn't eat much at lunch." She offers him a somewhat shaky smile. "The baby's making it hard to keep anything down." Relaxing, she shifts until she's sitting in the sand, no longer trying to curl up and hide, and Paul moves to sit beside her, careful to keep a little distance between. She's grateful for that. "Hopefully, it'll pass soon." It had with the first pregnancy, only lasting a few weeks. "Why were you following me?" "Your husband asked me not to let you out of my sight." Annie raises one eyebrow at that. "He did, did he?" "He worries," Paul says, grinning. That simple statement holds a wealth of meaning and Annie's irritation fades. Of course Finnick is worried about her. Sometimes she's surprised he's even willing to leave her side, with all that they've been through. xXx There are four of them tacked to the left side of a notice board at the end of the main pier, just before the walk drops off onto Dock Street. Wanted posters. They look like they've been there a while, with that not quite wrinkly, fragile look paper gets when it gets wet and then dries, but yet they're not so old that they've either faded or yellowed, like several of the other notices. The posters for both Finnick and Annie use photographs taken during Mairenn's Closing Ceremonies. He assumes Paul's is from around the same time, but since he's in uniform, it's hard to tell; regardless, it's a recent picture. The one for Luis looks like it might be from his school identification card and is the only one that resembles the person the Peacekeepers hunt. When Luis comes up beside Finnick, the boy glances at the posters, whistling at the sums offered for the two victors and the ex-Peacekeeper; Finnick makes note of the fact that Snow wants them dead or alive, something Paul neglected to mention when he first saw wanted posters for them a few weeks ago, when they passed through District 11. "I'm going to have to have a little talk with Paul about withholding information," he mutters under his breath, because it's either that or something has changed. Across the street, a pair of Peacekeepers are looking in Finnick's direction. "Wow. Nobody'll even look twice at me once they see the reward for you." "Stow it, Luis," Finnick orders with a nod toward the Peacekeepers. He pushes Luis into the shadow of the notice board, hoping that he's out of their line of sight. His heart in his throat, Finnick nods to them as they pass, keeping his expression neutral but with a hint of subservience. His appearance is either different enough from a distance of thirty yards or so that they'll ignore him and move on, or it isn't; there's nothing he can do about it either way, since they've already seen him. The male ignores him and the female returns his nod, but they both accept the sight of a brown-haired, stubble-bearded fisherman without a second glance. They don't seem to notice Luis and Finnick releases the breath he holds. "Stay where you are," he tells the boy and moves to the other side of the board, pretending to read the notices there, more copies of the posters among them. The poster for Luis is torn, as though someone ripped it from the board and then reattached it using extra tacks to put the pieces back together. His eyes catch on an older poster, yellowed and stained and peppered with holes where other things were posted on top of it. He stares at the faces of his father, his brother and sister, his uncles and his niece, all labeled as traitors and rebels. Finnick's fingers itch to tear them all down, but he forces himself to leave them there. Nothing says your targets are in the area like wanted posters suddenly gone missing. "Let's go," Finnick says when the Peacekeepers turn a corner. "Keep your head down." They hurry to the shop, not stopping along the way except to let a group of Capitol tourists in their too bright clothing and with their unnatural hair and skin colors pass. Overhearing them talk about being late for their harbor cruise, Finnick turns to watch them go, smiling as he recalls Annie's joking suggestions about tourists and cruises.