of his mouth. He looked too pure, too wholesome to even consider saying such things. He gave her a disgruntled look and straightened, leaving the box on the floor. "It's good to see you," he said quietly. "I wondered if you'd be stopping by." She nervously bit her lip as she shoved her hands in her pockets. Her fingers curled around the bent pages of the book and she clutched them for dear life. "I was looking for someone. I needed to talk to her about something." She couldn't stop herself from staring. "What are you...I mean...how did you..." she stammered. In frustration, she swung away from him and began walking around the room. "What happened to the bookstore? I came to see Annie. That's who I needed to talk to." Peeta's brow furrowed. "This place was empty before I took it over last month. I hired Annie to come work for me. She starts next week when we open the shop." Katniss rounded on him in disbelief. "But what about the bookstore? She the one who gave me that blasted book. Damn it, Peeta, how did you get here?" "I don't know," he replied. "All Annie will do is smile mysteriously and say that all is as it should be and Cinna told me to choose, so I did. There was no reason to stay there anymore. Seth and Delly are going to be okay and I wanted to start over someplace new." He stopped abruptly, cutting off whatever he had been about to say. Instead, he smiled tightly. "So how's Gale? Well, I hope?" She frowned at his change of subject as well as his suddenly guarded tone. "He's good. Great, actually. He'll be glad to see you." Peeta made his way over to the counter and toyed idly with a stack of business cards lying beside the register. "You guys will have to come by once the store opens up. I owe you both for helping me. Make sure to bring him by soon. " She edged closer and took up a spot across the counter, watching him warily. Something wasn't right. He was friendly but it was only surface deep. She could see the cracks in his polite mask and longed to break them wide open. "That would be nice. You might have to set another plate, though. I doubt Johanna would take kindly to being left out. And if she's not happy, you can bet that Gale's not either." His mouth fell open as her words registered but he recovered admirably. "Sure. The more the merrier." Taking a chance, Katniss slid infinitesimally closer. She couldn't help but notice how he stiffened ever so slightly the moment she came near. Daring to hope that she was right, she remarked playfully, "I keep hoping that they'll just get it over with and tell everybody they're a couple. It's obvious but they have so much fun pretending otherwise that nobody wants to call them out. Even Haymitch enjoys the show. It will probably take something drastic to get it out of them." Time slowed and stopped. She could have counted the years that it took for his eyes to find hers. The questions he had were vividly apparent in his wide-eyed gaze. This was her fault. She had led him down the primrose path. It was her words that stood between them now. Mentally, she cursed herself for even thinking that she could talk her way out of something. Words sucked. She sucked at using them. If ever she needed proof of that, she had it now. His expression abruptly shifted from inquiring to looking upset. He opened his mouth to no doubt ask for explanations that she wasn't ready to give. Before he could get a word out, she kissed him. This. She remembered this. The way he tasted. The way the cool silk of his hair felt twined around her fingers. The smell of fresh bread, vanilla, and something uniquely him. The steady strength and gentleness of those arms that pulled her closer until they were so tangled up that it was impossible to tell where one stopped and the other began. "Katniss," he breathed against her mouth, then kissed her deeply once more. "Peeta," she sighed. "I've missed this. Missed you." His hands cupped her face and tilted her chin up so that he could see her clearly. "I love you," he confided. "I came back because of you." "I'm sorry. So sorry," she murmured and rose on tiptoe to place a tiny kiss at the edge of his mouth. "I lied when I said that I loved Gale. I do, but not that way. He's my best friend, Peeta." It was almost as if that admission freed something within her because the floodgates opened and she couldn't stop the words that tumbled over themselves in their effort to be heard. "It's always been you, Peeta. Always. It killed me when you left. I thought I didn't deserve you." He tried to slow her down, head her off but the words spilled out end over end without stopping. "I thought you'd be happier there then here with me. I know I can't take it back, but I'll make it up to you. I promise I will." "Do you love me, Katniss?" he asked quietly. "I think you do, but I need to hear you say the words. You do love me, don't you? Real or not real?" "More than anything," she vowed fiercely. "More than I ever thought I could. Real, Peeta. Always real." "Then tell me," he prompted. A teasing smile lifted up the corners of his mouth. He kissed her forehead softly, then bent until their noses touched. "Say it." "Peeta, I love you," she whispered and pulled his mouth down to hers. The kiss was quiet and slow, more promise than passion. It said without words everything left unsaid between them-I forgive, I need, I hope. Stay with me. Always. It Ends…