were usually worse. I sat down next to him on the bed, and wrapped my arms around him as he looked at his feet. "I'm here for you, Nicky," I said, using my pet name for him (cause please, Finnick just sounds dumb). He smiled at me. "I'm really glad I have you, Jo." But that was enough with the sappy stuff. I stood up, and brushed off my hands. "You, mister, are in big trouble. How dare you stand me up for breakfast?" He stood up slowly. "Oh yeah, sorry 'bout that." "You'd better be sorry. Now let's go. Our crepes are probably blocks of ice now." I led him out the door, down the hall, and to our table, where our food was waiting faithfully. Finally, I noticed the pungent odor. "God, your breath smells horrible!" I said, reaching into my bag to pull out a package of sugar cubes. "Here, take this, and get rid of the awfulness." He grinned at me, popping several sugar cubes into his mouth. "Oh, so that's your secret. Sugar cubes get rid of the pain." oOo "Johanna, Johanna, Jo!" I heard him before I saw him, dashing into my room as I was getting ready for a night of "entertainment". "Wow, you're certainly excited to go fuck someone tonight, aren't you?" He looked at me, but even my snarky comment didn't even slightly dampen his spirits. "Jo, you won't believe it! I'm engaged!" "Wait, someone agreed to marry you?" "Jo, please. I'm so excited. I asked Annie today and she said yes!" I was confused. "Wait, who's Annie?" Now Finnick was confused, too. "Wait, I must have told you about Annie. She's my girlfriend. Well, more than that. She's the love of my life." "Oh." He scratched his head. "That's really weird. I could have sworn I've talked about Annie before. I mean, everyone at Four is always telling me I talk about her too much." He checked his watch. "Oh, I got to go. Bye, Jo!" He gave me a tight hug and ran off. I leaned back in my chair, a sudden wave of sadness washing over me. Finnick was getting married? It seemed so unreal, I couldn't believe it. We had never talked about home much, but I just assumed that was because neither of us had anything or anyone worth talking about. You're stupid Jo, I told myself. Just because you have nothing back home doesn't mean he doesn't either. But it was more than that. I'd always thought Finnick was my one and only (okay, I like him! Like really like him! Like love him! I love him!). I'd also thought I was Finnick's one and only. I guess I was wrong. You should be happy for him , I told myself. It's not like we were ever dating. But the truth was, I wasn't happy. The heart everyone assumed I didn't have was broken. oOo The screaming was unbearable. Annie was in the same cell as me, and I swear to god, her high pitched caterwauling was too much for me. "I'm going to kill her." I muttered under my breath. It wasn't just the screaming, although it was pretty awful. Annie was beautiful, with her porcelain white skin, gorgeous blue eyes, tiny features, and flaming red hair. And most importantly, she had Finnick. She was taking away Finnick, my best friend, my love. Yes, Finnick, my love. It wouldn't be that hard to kill her, and I knew it. I could just lean over and wring that pretty neck of hers. Only one thing stopped me. It was Finnick's face from the night he told me he was engaged. His bright sparkling green eyes. His smile wider than I have ever seen (and believe me, I've seen some wide smiles on Finnick). He would never forgive me. And even if he never found out it was me, I doubted he would be the same again. So I just covered my ears and waited for the agony to end. oOo He was the first one to visit me after I'd arrived at Thirteen. I wasn't expecting it; after all, Annie was back, too, and was probably in worse shape. "Hey," he said softly, and perched at the end of my bed. "What's up?" His voice was softer than i remembered, and I wondered what turned the arrogant swaggart into the pained, frail creature before me. Then I scowled. No doubt worried about Annie. "I was worried about you," he said, and took my hand in his. It was warm and calloused, and his grip was still strong, just like all those years ago at the funeral. Some things never change. "Oh, and what about Annie?" I replied snarkily, surprising even myself. Finnick and I had only talked about Annie once, years ago when he told me he was engaged. I wasn't jealous or anything. No, not at all. He looked at me, surprised, "Jo, what are you talking about?" I shook my head, "Never mind. Everything's okay." "Come on . I've known you for too long for you to think you can hide things from me. Seriously, what is it?" I looked at him, and I could feel the weight of my secret on my shoulders. Or maybe that was the heavy army blanket that was covering my torso. I thought of all the times I hated him for his ignorance, all the times I had blamed poor, innocent Annie. It was time to spill. "Finnick?" I asked quietly, "Do you remember, in the Quell, when I said the Capitol couldn't hurt me because there was no one left I loved?" His interest was drawn. "Yeah?" "I lied." A/N: Hello, thanks for reading! If you liked it, please take the time to favorite, follow, and review to tell me what you liked! If you didn't, please review and let me know what I can do to improve. Song is "Back to Black" by Amy Winehouse