a lopsided circle, bounded at its edges by thick boughed trees and ragged brush. She took a few more steps, neck craning like a doe as she darted looks about the clearing. The sky arched overhead, black shot through with silver as the stars ignited. She sat in the grass, leaning back on her palms as she hunted for the few constellations she knew from memory… Ursa Major, Ursa Minor, Cassiopeia. A fuzzy speck just above the treetops teased her until she remembered Andromeda, the Aethiopian princess rescued by Perseus instead of being sacrificed to a sea monster to appease the Gods . "I'm coming back here," she vowed as she climbed gracefully to her feet. "Maybe tomorrow?" Despite the darkness, she soon found her path and followed it home. Thgthgthgthgthgthgthgthgthgthgthghtgthgthgthg The next night, she waited until dusk before heading out. On her back, she wore a small rucksack filled with a few snacks, a bottle of water, a small flashlight, and a printout of a rough star chart she'd downloaded from the internet. The walk wasn't as daunting as it had been the night before. Katniss moved confidently along the path, stopping every so often to look at an interesting plant or the shape of a particular branch against the darkening sky. The meadow looked much as it had the night before, an empty expanse encompassed by a cathedral made of trees and sky. She found her spot and laid down, head pillowed on her backpack as she waited for the sun to fall off the edge of the world. The last fingers of light slowly faded, giving way to encroaching night. Fireflies flitted about, their bellies tiny green lanterns as they danced. She grinned when the first star appeared, fancifully imagining that she could hear a small pop as it broke through the surrounding black. "Star light, star bright. First star I see tonight," she intoned. "I wish I may, wish I might have this wish I wish tonight." Closing her eyes, she kept the words to herself but sent the wish spinning out into the void. That done, she fumbled around until her fingers found her flashlight and her folded map. She clicked it on, glanced up to find a reference point, and then let her fingers trace the patterns she already knew. "I can find two new ones a night," she decided. "Two is good." She folded her map into a neat square. "These first and then I'll go on to others." Ursa Minor or the Little Dipper was the easiest to mark as was the bent W which designated Cassiopeia. Katniss immediately found the peaked roof of Cepheus and the lopsided T of Camelopardalis. Satisfied that she would be able to pick them out, she turned off her flashlight and reclined once more. The night came alive around her...bats swooping, crickets chirping, a fox yipping in the distance. Her old friend, the owl, queried irritably...who, who, who? A branch cracked followed by a muffled curse as someone yet unseen caught an unwary foot. Katniss froze, rolling quietly over on to her stomach as her eyes searched the darkness. A blacker-than-black shadow detached itself from the trees, a slender case held in one hand while the other made some sort of gesture back the way it had come. She held her breath as it came to a stop, light flaring brightly in its hands, illuminating a strong jawed face and a stocky form. He unlimbered the case, hands moving effortlessly as he assembled a tripod and attached a slender tube. He adjusted the length of the legs before delicately twisting one silvery dials as he peered into a small scope mounted on the side of the larger cylinder. He made a frustrated noise before tapping the knob ever so slightly again. Whatever it did seemed to satisfy him because he straightened, let out a long slow exhale, and ran a hand through his already disheveled hair. Mentally running through every epithet she'd ever heard, Katniss let her head rest on her pack as she mulled over her options. She was alone in the woods with a stranger just a few feet away. She had no phone, nothing to use as a weapon should she need one, and she'd told no one where she was going. Had she planned it, she couldn't have wandered into a worse situation. Her best bet was to stay low and hope that he wouldn't notice her. That thought didn't stop her from casually lifting her head so that she could watch her unexpected company. His LED lantern was still on, although turned down low, allowing her to see the man's dim outline as he moved around the meadow. He left the telescope alone, and was instead concentrating on a wide pad resting on his bent knees. Forgetting herself, she raised up on her elbows to try to get a better look. He sat cross-legged, the book resting in his lap and the lantern set to the side so that it shed light on the page's blank surface. His hand moved swiftly, his pencil behaving almost as if it had a mind of its own. He paused every now and again to look up, eyes intent as they flicked back and forth from the drawing to the trees. After a few minutes, he laid the pad aside and stood up to look through the telescope again. He repeated this process too many times to count over the next hour. Katniss watched, mesmerized by his fluid movements. There was a practiced ease about him that she found almost soothing. Her lids dipped, her hand cupping her cheek as she shifted her pack to a more comfortable position. She pulled her sweater more tightly around her, blinking a few times as exhaustion blurred her vision. The man found his seat once more and took up his sketchpad. She fell asleep to the sounds of crickets chirping and a pencil skating across a snowy landscape.