man about mid twenty. He looks Seam. There's something about him that is unnerving and grotesque. It is as if hatred and everything putrid has chosen a human face. "Hallia, when I say so, run," I turn to look at the man besides me. "What?" But the man has grabbed my hand and is now pulling me. I don't even know this guy, just a minute a go I was accusing him of stalking me and more but I know I would rather be with him than stay with the creepy Seam guy. We take off running through the streets, everything else is a blur. I wonder what we must be like, are we a blur of bodies or does no one notice. Can they not feel my fear? We come to a sudden stop. "Why have we stopped? We haven't lost him yet." The man turns towards me and there's something in his eyes that has me moving away. "You're in this with him, aren't you?" I ask horrified. He shakes his head. "Hallia you can't keep running away," he says quietly. I swiftly turn around. I don't trust him, he's somehow involved in this all with the man chasing us. "There's a man chasing us, wanting to kill us and you want me to stay calm and do nothing?" I yell, feeling frustrated and scared and angry. I wish I had just stayed home. "This is your destiny, you know-" "NO I DON'T!" I explode but the man looks calm. "Yes you do, you've known since I walked through that door. Don't lie to me Hallia. Don't hide from it. You are the Slayer. You can lie to yourself as much you want but they know." I am staring at him transfixed in horror, he pushes something into my hand. I look down to the object it is smooth and sharp and there is something comforting about it. It is like safety. It is like an extension of my being. "What you doing? I was looking for you everywhere." The man from Seam appears from the corner and smiles playfully. He makes me sick; the only comparison I can think of is the Careers and the pleasure they take in the kill. But there is something in me that wants to ram the smooth stick into this guy, repeatedly. I squash that down and instead stand there frozen in fear. "Don't fight that feeling. Come on Hallia." I turns to glare at this guy. Him shouting at me while standing to the side isn't helping. "I got it," I snarl but my hold on the stick tightens. Just remember all those wrestling matches with Rye and Ban. The creepy guy from Seam walks towards me. And without really meaning to, I punch him, I'm not a violent person whenever my brothers have their wrestling matches; I hide behind my hands, honestly. But there is something thrilling about this, it is almost instinctual. The creep stumbles back and tries to kick me, I dodge, push him hard and he falls to the ground. I look up confused to my (sort of, kinda) ally. "You got to stab him in the heart with the stake." I nod and position the stake (so that's what it's called). "No the heart is to the left side." I stab downwards and poof he disappears into dust. I tumble down to the ground, the man is gone and in his place is a pile of dust. Did I do that? No. None of this is real. It can't be. But it all feels real and all of a sudden all that energy is gone. I just feel tired and sick. I killed a man and enjoyed it. I try to tell myself that he would have killed me. He, whoever he was, was a monster. You have no right to judge, you're no better than him. You killed a man and enjoyed it. A serpentine like voice hisses, judgement and disgust paints its voice. I look up to the man, he's talking. How is he so relaxed about all of this. He didn't kill anyone. "That wasn't bad. We need to work on your stake positioning and you need stop being so hesitant but that can all be sorted out with training." I'm no better than a Career. I just killed a man and enjoyed it. "I just killed a man," I whisper and the man just laughs. "That wasn't a man. Don't worry. That was a vampire," he explains. I feel sick, none of this real, it can't be real. "I should probably introduce myself. I'm John Frederick." He offers me his hand but I flinch away. "I've got to go home. Thank you for this." I try to hand back the stake but he refuses. "Keep it and when you need to find me. I'll be in the Victor's Village." I look at him puzzled but I'm to tired and confused to ask. How could he be living in the Victor Villages. He isn't a Victor. I pocket away the stake and say bye (but only to be polite). "Hallia, what you doing back home? You should be at Delly's. What's wrong? You're shaking." Rye questions me as soon as I get home but I only push him away and go into my room. This is all a dream, it isn't real, I'll wake up and everything will be fine. First chapter, hope you like. Gender swap Everlark so much fun. Are they still in character? I know there will be some changes because of their gender and now because of Hallia's circumstances but hopefully there's nothing that goes against any fundamental character traits. I would also like to say a massive thank you to my beta reader CrazyFeralVigilanteDragonLady who's help was an integral part of improving this chapter. Also her stories are amazing so for any 'How To Train Your Dragon' lovers her stories are a must read. See you soon.