I decide to remember the advice that you run faster when not facing backwards, and I take off at a faster sprint. It's really dark now, and it seems the temperature has dropped a bit, too. Finally, when they have neared to my left, where Clove always stood, I panic, letting fear get the best of me. I let out a scream, and see that I am nearing the Cornucopia. I burst through the trees drenched in sweat and see Katniss and Peeta, standing by the lake, their words frozen on their startled expressions. I see Katniss fumble for her bow and I run faster, knowing one thing, I don't want to die. I see that Katniss has a weakness too, she doesn't want to kill me, but understands it is the only way. If they are both to survive, then I must die, and it is with irredeemable terror in her eyes that she releases the bow. I close my eyes, stopping my run momentarily, knowing that it won't falter. I'm already as good as dead, anyways. Then, it hits me, and I remember, I have on full body armor, the one sent in with my backpack. I brute smile creeps up on my lips. I'm not dead yet. I see Katniss running, and I know that she must have finally seen the mutts. Peeta, however, is not there. She comes to this realization just as I do, and turns for him. The kid just isn't as fast as the huntress, and as she runs, he staggers back, mesmerized or something, though I know that's not the case. I see them try and scope the Cornucopia just as I do, and as soon as my hand touches the metal, it burns. Though the sky is cooling, the Cornucopia hasn't, so I swallow my pain and scale it, knowing it's a matter of life and death. Finally, we have both reached the top, and I see it is now slick with blood. Peeta's calve has a hole, and I see that the mutts below have razor sharp teeth, made to slice to the bone. I shudder, and dawn back to reality. Finally, realize that no matter how heartless and cruel it is, I'm going to have to use the girl as bait, for him. I grab her, pinning her thin, yet surprisingly strong body against the edge of the Cornucopia, and push her head back over the edge, where the mutts growl and thrash about at her hairs level. She lets out a faint shriek and suddenly I'm in the air. Peeta has grabbed me and flipped me off her, bad leg and all. I'm not only startled, but shocked, and finally I realize how it must go. I grab Peeta now, twisting him into my grasp, and shoving him into a headlock, cut off from air. Katniss' eyes say everything she can't, and probably won't. They beg, and they are desperate. Please, let him live. I see the boy struggling, and stare back, a small smile creeping onto my lips. I must look like such a monster to her. Finally, she hopelessly glances at Peeta, who she must know can't escape. Her loaded bow still points to me, as if by some chance I may let him go, and I then feel Peeta's fingers lightly touch my hand. Then, I know, and before I can jerk away the arrow has penetrated my skin and Peeta has shoved me backwards. It all moves in slow motion after that. I feel the sensation of…freedom. As I fall off the blood slick metal, I know I'm glad that they have won. I killed people, committed horrendous actions, and did unspeakable things. All in the just of what? Fun? Who the fuck finds it fun to kill off other kids? A monster, like me, that's who. It's so unjust, what the Capitol forces upon us districts. We do everything for them, fuel their riches and survival, and for what? A reoccurring death game each year? Finally, my body slams into the ground, and before I have the chance to die, pain sets in, as the teeth of mutts sink into my flesh. I was right; she did look like Clove, because it is her. All of the tributes numbers are on a collar worn around their necks, and I realize to survive, a new possibility, I must kill them all, even her. I fumble momentarily to retrieve a sword that was hidden on my body, and I lash out upon them. One after one they come, each new bite raking my body with pain and horror. Hours go on, until there are nine left and ultimately it's simply too much. I'm going to die, and I know it. I fall, unable to stand any longer, and they sink in. The only feelings I have are pain, sorrow, and overwhelming regret and self pity. I brought this fait upon myself, and here I am, made a fool of as it literately, eats me alive. I know I have mangled, ripped away limbs; I can see them blood stained, littered all over the ground. Yet, I feel nothing. Just emptiness, and finally I can't stand to live anymore, no feeling, just fear, and I realize that this was always my final hit. Fear. It owns us, and though we feel we can control it, that's simply an illusion. It overwhelms the senses, controls our actions, and sees fit to punishment. I pushed it aside, yes, but it always comes back, because nothing is gone forever. The rain always manages to fall from the clouds again. I feel heat once more, and assume that dawn has risen again. I sense Katniss can see me, so I make my lips move, and I say Please, knowing I want out of it, and as the rush of air nears, I take my final leap and fall into the water, a swallowed stone, and then the arrow hits me.