bakery he grow up. How his father showed him how to make sugar cookies and how he loved to play soccer. On the second day I start to tell him about me. About my parents, my little sister Prim and her new kitten Buttercup. I talk about my daddy teaching me to shot with a bow and arrow and that I wish to be a huntress, living in a jungle, have adventures every day, to be a normal girl who doesn´t have to go to the hospital so often. He tells me he wish he could just go home and bake and play ball with his two legs. On the third day he starts to talk about his illness and I start to talk about mine. He tells me that many people don´t live long with his kind of cancer and I start to cry, afraid to lose my new friend. I tell him that most people with my illness will not getting to be old and he starts to cry, afraid to lose me. We cry for the rest of the day. On the fourth day after Rue´s death he starts to ask me more about the jungle Rue and I created here in the Child´s station in Panem Hospital. And together we invent more things about the jungle and run around, me with my bow, he with a sketchbook and pencils saying he has to document our findings and experience new adventures together. He draws pictures of our adventures (he is really good) and every time I praise him he smiles his big smile. And I start to feel a little bit better. Peeta Dear diary, Rue died 2 weeks ago. It was hard in the beginning. I missed her. Katniss missed her more. We started to speak with each other, told us stories and invented new adventures and dangers in the Panem jungle. I was her helper and she the brave huntress sneaking through the jungle and fight against the bad guys. She even showed me how the shoot an arrow. 3 days ago I had to start my second round of chemo therapy. I had to puke again and now even my hair started to fall out. I was so shocked that I started to cry. Katniss was with me the whole time just holding my hand. She said it was not so bad and I looked fine and that it was just hair. That I was still Peeta, assistant extraordinary to the great huntress Katniss Everdeen. I had to laugh so much after this that I stopped to cry. I met her parents and her sister and she met my family. We played with Prim and my brothers. Mister Everdeen talked about plants that you could eat and I tried to draw them. My dad brought her cookies and desserts. And three days she will go home. I`m making her a goodbye present. I hope she will like. I will miss her so much dear diary. She has become my best friend in the world. Katniss I miss Rue. I miss her every day. She died 2 weeks ago and I´m still crying sometimes. When I have a really bad nightmare I sneak to Peeta´s bed and wake him. Like the one where the old woman that brings us the meals (Peeta says she is from a small town called District 4) transformed into a large rodent and gnawed on my face. We then hide under his blanket and he tells me stories till I can fall asleep again. He is a great story teller. And he is a great friend. 3 days ago we were even celebrating. The doctors told him that they do not have to cut of his leg. He was so happy. I gave him my pudding. The panther still don´t allow him dessert. Today I will be released and I´m afraid. What if the nightmares are coming and I can´t talk to him? I want to stay. But I know I can´t do that. "Are you ready Kitty-Kat" ask my Daddy. "Yes. I just have to say bye to Peeta." I run over to him. He sits at a table and draws. He is so good. "I have to go now Peeta" I say. "Wait a second" he didn´t even looked up. The tip of his tongue was pointing out of his month and he was furious sketching. After a while he stops to draw lay his pencil down and looks up. His smile was full and with both hands he hold out the sketch he was working on a minute ago. "Here" he says. On the paper is a jungle, with trees, vines, monkeys and in one corner is a girl with a braid and a bow and she hunted down a black panther. Next to her is a blond boy and a girl with wild dark hair cheering. Me, Peeta and Rue. I´m speechless. I just look up. Feeling tears again springing in my eyes. "Peeta" I start "Thank you" I hug him and whisper "I will miss you" he hugs me back "Me too." I let him go and turn around. Walking back to Daddy, who waits patiently. When I reach him he gives me my back bag and my bow. The bow I used to run with throw the corridors with Rue and hunt down the panther. I turn around running back and fall again in Peeta´s arms. "Here" I give him the bow. "Keep it. To remember me." And then before I lose my nerve I give him a kiss. He turns scarlet and I hurry back to Daddy. He is smiling, takes my hand and we leave the Child's station. I´m sure I will be back again. No way around it because of my illness. I just hope I will see Peeta again and we can run through the jungle together and experience new adventures. The jungle is so much better than the hospital.