than a cell. He knows how they must have punished her, and he thinks of Finnick. He will have his Annie back now. He's so very glad. If anyone in this wretched mess of a country deserves to be happy, it's Finnick. Even if Annie has broken again, Finnick will be able to save her, just like last time. He is glad to have something to be glad for. When the war ends, rebel soldiers find him in his little cell, singing his name song. He remembers gentle Cecelia, who had never seen gems, let alone wore them before her interview night. Maysilee, who was going to win for her twin sister. Emily, who had a waiting baby at home who needed her. Henrik, who shoved his District partner into the ground so the axe meant for her neck fell on his. Mags, whose bright red hair had flown around her head in a halo before it turned white. Chaff, who had thrown his severed hand in a Capitol doctor's face when they tried to force him to accept an artificial replacement. He sings about all of them, every one that he can remember. He's sad to hear of Finnick's death. He is surprised to hear that Johanna Mason has become Annie's constant companion. He's thrilled to hear that Annie will have a baby. He thinks of how happy his old friend would have been when he died, knowing his wife and baby were being protected by Johanna. A small comfort to have when he left the world. So many Capitolites are held trial for the appalling crimes they committed, around half of which Finnick exposed in his interview. Caesar's glad that they know he hated them all. Finnick would like that. Caesar is not held to trial for his involvement in the Hunger Games, because of Annie. Even in her delicate condition (physically and mentally) she defends him. She had helped Finnick collect shells for him to put on Russet's grave. She remembered – and this surprised Caesar – that he had come to her rescue when Seneca Crane tried to rape her. Peeta manages to speak up for Caesar as well. Lavinia's interrogators had mentioned him while giving her electric shocks. Caesar is saddened to hear of his sister death, but to hear that she died within three days of being shocked helps. She suffered so little, compared to everyone else, and she knew who would be waiting at the end of it. He absent-mindedly rubs his watch as Peeta speaks, thinking of the beautifully coloured hair inside. The Capitolites are moved out to the districts, and most people have the freedom to choose where they go. Many pick to remain in their home district, many more switch. Caesar ends up in District 7, surrounded by trees. He has his own little house, on the edge of a cliff. He doesn't know what he can do to make a living, until Johanna suggests he strip and sing for dinner, like the boy in the nursery rhyme. He doubts the boy in the nursery rhyme stripped, but it gives him the idea. And so Caesar Flickerman, former face of the Hunger Games, becomes a music teacher. His singing is debatable, but he writes. He writes about the hundreds of children he had to send to die, with nothing more than a kind word and a smile. He writes a song about all the different shades of the colour red. He writes about his few friends who died before they could see the world they died for. He doesn't write about Snow. He doesn't think Snow deserves to be written about. He catches the Friday train to District 4, to visit Johanna, Annie, and her little son. He goes on a picnic to the beach with them, where the bronze-headed toddler picks up shells and plays games with the waves before he gets his feet wet, and runs, squealing to his mother. Annie is happy. It's clear she isn't as well as she had been when Finnick was alive, but she is able to be their for her son, who loves his mother as much as his father did. Johanna seems to be as happy as Johanna can get, when she remarks sarcastically to him about her skin, that has turned brown without the constant shade of trees. Caesar is happy as well. Surrounded by smiling children, who sing. Like his beautiful little nephew, who died before he turned six. Little children, who he can pat on the back as he sends them out to play in a playground, and see them in half an hour, happier than before. He can stop dying his hair, and it very slowly returns to its reddish-brown colour, so different to the vivid hue of Lavinia's. He takes up carving, making little statues of people out of wood. His beautiful sister and son stand proudly on his mantle piece, surrounded by his old friends. He's going to die one day. But when he does, he gets to know that he's leaving those still alive in a safe and happy place. He gets to know that when he dies, he's going to see everyone he loves again in an even safer and happier place. If this is the gift that so many rebels died for, he thinks it is a most worthy cause. The day that some of the other teachers of Elderwood Primary School show up at Caesars house, concerned as to why their music teacher missed the morning lessons without notice, they find Caesar sitting in a rocking chair by the fire place. He's clutching three locks of hair in his wrinkled hand, two only slightly different in colour, one that matches the old man's hair so many years ago. In the other he holds a note, worn and creased from years of reading and re-reading, and a very old, battered watch with no battery, that hasn't worked for the past 60 years.