look in her eyes, a look of lust and determination. i like it. i like it very much. Katniss POV i look at him, i want him again. i wrap my arms around him and kiss him. his breathing is steady, we cant have that. i press my body upward against him and wrap my legs around his waist. "give it to me" i whisper in his ear. "how" he asks. i think for a second, "rough" i say. he presses my back against the glass door. it's cold and sends shivers up my back. he gives me his all and i love it. i love it so much. i crave him, his body. i want it, i need to have it. i tighten my grip on him and bury my head in his shoulder, his breathing is finally ragged. "you know that after this your most likely going to get pregnant" he says. i pause...pregnant. i did say i wanted another baby, but that was before Gale beat me. i do have hunter, he's a baby...but he's Gale's baby not Peeta's. all this time i've been making Peeta wait, when i said i would have a baby with him. i want to have another baby with him, we were planning one but then...it just never happened. "i want another baby" i say in response to his comment. he smiles at me, showing his sparkly white teeth. i smile back the same way and we continue. when we get out of the shower i smell food cooking. i wrap myself in a towel and walk out i open the bedroom door, "Gale" i call. "yeah" he replies. "okay just checking" i say and close the door. we dry off and dress. i put on some thermals and then sweat clothes. i need to pick up celine. peeta on the other hand dresses in blue sweatpants and black socks. he dries his blond hair and puts the sketchpad away. he takes my hand and we go downstairs. "im gonna go pick up Celine" i announce putting my boots on and a warm coat. i grab and umbrella and leave the house. i walk through the snow down to the school. celine goes to a school for deaf children. believe it or not there are more disabled people in the district than healthy ones. i stand outside waiting as the children as young as four to as old as seventeen come out of the building. celine sees me and runs through the snow to me. i smile and pick her up. i hug her then put her back down. she's becoming to heavy to carry. i take her hand and we walk back home. when we get in the house, Celine stomps on the mat before stepping onto the waxed floors. she takes her shoes off at the door and picks them up. i do the same and we put our shoes in the closet along with our coats. celine stuffs her hat and scarf into the arm of her coat sleeve and her mittens in the pockets. she walks into the kitchen and hugs Peeta, then gale. i find hunter asleep on the couch. i walk over to him and gently brush his hair with my finger. i kiss his head and just think. he's going to be a big brother soon. i pick him up and cradle him in my arm. i kiss his head and lay him back down on the couch. i go back into the kitchen where gale puts a turkey in the oven. i think this is our specialty in this house. we always have turkey. i go over to peeta and wrap my arms around him. then turn to Gale. "how's your mom" i ask. "she's really good, posy's tenth birthay is next week". i nod. i stand on my tip toes and whisper in Peeta's ear, "can you make me a pretzel". "a pretzel" he says. "yes". "you dont want, pretzels". "no". "i'll take a pretzel" Gale cuts in. "yea i guess i want one too" he says. "okay then make one for the three of us, celine and hunter.". "alright" he says and begins to make the pretzels. celine comes skipping in and tugs at my sleeve, mommy can you turn on the computer so i can talk to beck . i smile and lead her to the study. i turn on the computer and set up a video chat with Beck. his face appears on the screen and he waves at Celine. she waves back, a big smile on her face. i kiss her head ad wave at Beck. he waves back, "hi auntie Katniss!". "hey sweetie. Celine is going to have to get off early todday okay she has to eat and go to bed" i say. "okay" he says and i leave so they can "talk". about a week later Peeta and i are laying in bed. my head is under his chin, my arms under his, our legs tangled. his prosthetic leg is cold against my skin. i'm still tired, i just woke up. i remember last night, i took my pregnancy test finally and i got the result. i shake Peeta and his eyes open slowly. "peeta, guess what" i say sleepily. "what" he says rubbing my back. i bite my lip and say. "looks like you'll be a father of two". few that took a while. i'm really sorry for the delay i had graduation- im officially an 8th grader. wooooh. then i went to my grandmothers house in new jersey. then today i went to someones party for graduating highschool. uggh it rained, there were bugs everywhere. anyway, i wont be able to update in a while, summer vaca people! i will not be home for weeks and months to come so you'll be lucky if i get at least three more updates this summer. anyway i hope you like it, more to come. see ya!