how Effie is," Katniss chuckled, "make sure you tell her it's okay because I would hate for that to bother her." Haymitch nodded and gave Katniss a hug, before he could turn away she grabbed a hold of his collar almost making him topple over. He turned around and shot Katniss a glare; the girl, in return, gave Haymitch a small smirk. "Remember what I said." Katniss spoke. It took Haymitch a moment to figure out what she was talking about, but sure enough two and two went together and he let out a sigh. What was up with this girl trying to play matchmaker for him. "Yeah, yeah." He mumbled. He turned without another word and started walking home. The house was dark when he went home. He set the plate of food in the refrigerator and made his way upstairs. Usually, if he stayed up late Effie stayed up with him.. but she was no where to be found. He was passing her room when he heard a sniffling noise. He stopped midway to his room and turned around. He peeked around the corner into Effie's room, to find her curled up underneath a pile of blankets. Her back was towards him, but he could see her shake with sobs. Her blonde hair was messy, and at first Haymitch thought she was having a nightmare. "Effie?" Haymitch said gently. She stopped crying, and he saw her hand go to her face and she viciously tried to wipe away her tears. She really wasn't fond of Haymitch seeing her cry, but then again, she had hated for anyone to see her cry when she was an escort; too bad she wore her heart on her sleeve. "Katniss wanted me to tell you that you can come over another day, and not to feel bad for leaving unexcused." Haymitch said. "Y'know.. that girl seems to know you pretty well, a bit more than I do it seems." "She's very observant." Effie sniffed. "Now I wouldn't go that far." Haymitch chuckled. They both stayed where they were. The air between the two was thick, and Effie was still visibly shaking. "I'm afraid to go to sleep." Effie whispered. Haymitch didn't know if it was intended for him to hear, but he did. Her voice sounded different, lower, it sounded more child-like. "The nightmares." Haymitch stated. Without another word, he moved towards the bed. She turned around as soon as the bed moved with his weight. In the dim light he could see the tears streaming down her face. Her blue eyes seemed to turn a darker shade whenever she cried. It interested Haymitch to no end. He couldn't stop himself, he grabbed a hold of her hand.. the one that was in a bandage. "What did they do to you, Effie?" Haymitch whispered. "You aren't the same, you're different.. you scream, you're afraid of blood." "I can't be that person anymore, I hate that person." Effie's voice caught. "But I know what I've done and I can't take it back, I have to live with it every day.. knowing what I did to those-" "You were brainwashed." Haymitch cut her off. "You thought it was okay, and Snow used you as his puppet. He tortured-" She gasped. "Effie, if I thought you were bad I wouldn't have tried my damnedest to get you out of that prison alive." He consoled. "If Katniss thought you were bad, she wouldn't have made sure Coin let you live. You remember that." Effie sniffed and shook her head. "I'm not normal anymore." "None of us are." Effie let out a sob. "No, I mean- Sometimes I go back to that prison, and I can't leave. I can't see certain things.. That's why I left the Capitol. The streets, the people it brought back memories." Haymitch didn't know how to respond. Instead he just lowered himself next to her, his hand was still intertwined with hers. He didn't care if this was the most intimate he had ever gotten to the woman. He couldn't stand to hear her cry anymore. "It will get better." He whispered. "Will it?" She responded. "It will." Haymitch nodded. "I have nightmares too, princess. Sometimes I close my eyes and see the arena and it's been years. But sooner or later you'll find that it makes you tougher, you won't have to cry every time you see blood." Effie brought her hand to his cheek. "Thank you." He stared into her eyes. He had tried so hard to fight his feelings for her. She was beautiful, and he wasn't. They were different. Being with her, it could end in heartbreak.. everyone Haymitch had ever loved left him. But hadn't he always felt for her in some way? She had survived.. that had to be some sort of sign. He closed the space between the two, and pressed a soft kiss to her lips. She didn't pull away like had expected her too. She kissed him back just as softly, and her hands found their way to his face. When they pulled away, she let out a small giggle. "That.." "Go to sleep, sweetheart we'll talk about it in the morning." She smiled, and nuzzled closer to him. He wrapped his arms around her small form, and pressed his nose against the top of her head. She smelt sweet, and Haymitch forgot how much he had yearned for someone to hold on to. They both stayed that way, eventually falling asleep. That night Effie did not have nightmares. I have successfully FINISHED 2 HAYFFIE FANFICTIONS. oh sweet lord. Anyway, please review. I'm sorry if it seemed a bit rushed, I didn't mean too. I just feel like Katniss and Peeta would be living happily and then Effie could come to district 12 and then they could all live happily the end. You know with some cool plot in there somewhere. Follow me on .com if you like hayffie :D That'd be awesome.