the floor. "Where have you been" asks my father looking at me wearing only my bathing suit and shorts. "The beach" I tell him. "Well you're just in time for breakfast" my mother says, "so put your shirt on." I do and sit down as she serves pancakes, fresh fruit and toast. We usually only have pancakes on reaping day. "Are you nervous" my father asks and my stomach lurches. "No, some career will volunteer anyway if I am called" I assure him. This rationalization does not stop any of us from worrying though. After we finish eating my father says, "Hey Pri better hurry up and get ready". So I go upstairs and shower, as I am sticky and sweaty from my workout. I decide on a strapless light blue dress that falls just above my knees and flip flops. The dress is not tight or "sexy" but light, comfy and beachy. That pretty much describes my whole wardrobe; comfy, beachy and athletic. Sky comes in singing "priya priya you look so pretty" as she sees me and dances around the room. I look at her, with her pale skin, dark curls and huge brown eyes. She is adorable and as my only sibling I love her more than anything despite how annoying she can be at times. "Look what I made!" she says shoving a piece of paper at me. I take it and see she drew a picture of us together. "It's for the reaping!" she exclaims proudly. "Aww that's really good Sky," I tell her forcing a smile at her. She is much too young to be aware of the true horror of the day and enjoys all of the attention and hoopla it brings. I comb through my dark wet tangles and we head downstairs. My mom gives me a long hug as she does before we leave for every reaping. "What happens if you go?" asks Sky as we head down the road. "Well I would have to go to the capital and be a tribute in the Hunger Games" I answer her. "Where all the kids try and kill each other?" she gasps loudly in alarm. She must remember flashes from the games last year. I can see some other people staring at us. "Shush both of you, now is not the time" my father says sternly. When we reach the town square where the reaping is held I say good bye to my family and get in line with the rest of the eligible kids to sign in. After I get my finger pricked I stand in line with the rest of the 16 year old girls. Standing on the stage is our escort from the capital, a ridiculous woman named Sashira. She wears a ridiculous aqua pant suit and has long died dark blue hair with several seagull feathers in it. She has an assortment of tattoos that seem to be ocean themed. "Welcome district 4 to the annual reaping ceremony!" she shouts gleefully as if it was a celebration instead of a ceremony choosing two kids to die. After they play the annual video that reminds us exactly why the districts deserve to have 24 of their kids murdered each year, she moves to pick the girls name. Please don't be me...please don't be me... "Our female tribute is …..Priya Carmichael!" she says beaming. My heart seems to drop to the floor and I can't breathe or move. It's me. I am going to die. Then I remember that it's okay because someone will volunteer. No one does yet which is odd. I can feel everyone staring at me and my face seems to burn. Then I see peacekeepers starting to walk towards me. I have seen many kids dragged kicking and screaming by the peacekeepers at the reapings over the years. I knew I could never act so pitiful. Those kids lost their lives right there. I quickly lift my head up and calmly walk to the stage. I snub and dodge the peacekeepers, rushing in front of them before they can grab or drag me. I can walk by myself thanks. "Great" Sashira says smiling as she studies me. I hate the way is studying me, seeing how good of a murderer I will be. I probably look like I have trained for the games with my lean body; and I guess I have-but not to kill, only to protect and defend myself. She is way too happy to be sending me to my death; it makes me sick and I glare at her. I smirk slightly as her smile falters and she faces the crowd again. "Any volunteers?" she asks. Please come on, someone volunteer. No one does. Fan-fucking-tastic. "Okay then on to the boys!" I stare at the ocean and sky longingly one last time with anger and defiance, wishing I could just float away from here. I force myself to look in my parent's direction now and then wish I hadn't. My mother and Sky are in tears and my father looks like he wants to murder Sashira. Fine by me. He catches my eye and looks so sad I have to look away before I start crying. "Cam Sheenan!" she shouts as if announcing a prize instead of the name of a child sentenced to death. I see him; a 16 year old with messy black hair slowly makes his way to the stage. "Any volunteers?" Again no one does We shake hands. I catch his eye and we exchange a glance that says what the fuck did we do to deserve this? What is going on, why does suddenly no one want to volunteer? That was what I had counted on! Maybe it is because of what happened last year to our tributes. The boy was brutally tortured and eventually disemboweled and decapitated by the boy from district one, and the girl – well I don't really want to think about that again.