had stabbed him, there was nothing left. The Capitol had banished all but the very slightest trace of the horrible wound she had drained and cleaned. Past his knee there was nothing, the Capitol had taken the leg she had failed to save. For some odd reason the realization that she had failed him in saving his leg as well as her treatment of him after he had been hijacked forced such a strong wave of remorse on her she began to cry once again. "Katniss…I'm sorry I didn't mean to bring it up." Peeta brushed away her tears and held her body tightly to his. There was a profound sense of how right his body fit next to hers, yet he was pressed tightly against her last garment, the early rays of sunlight were starting to stream into the room and a part of him felt that maybe the moment had been lost. They lay there, Peeta stroking her hair, as her sobs quieted his lips pressed against her forehead, and it was enough for him. After all he would always be there for her. Nothing would take her from him. "No, Peeta, I'm sorry. I have no idea what I'm doing and everything makes me cry now. I have no idea what you must think." She kissed his chest gripping his body tightly and wrapped her legs around him. "I still need you…I want you…I want this…" He needed no second invitation he was already holding her tightly and now his hands moved down her back removing the last piece of clothing separating them. Her scent washed over him and he kissed her neck hungrily, eliciting a soft moan from her lips that re-lit his fire faster than he himself thought possible. As that part of him finally encountered the soft skin and moisture between her legs they both gasped. Her hands gripped his hair tightly and their mouths met, tongues tentatively exploring one another tasting the joy and sadness of the other. Peeta gripped her tightly around her waist and twisted her up off her side setting her gently on his hips, his erection was now trapped between his lower abdomen and her hips, and her moisture was working its way all around him. He had never felt anything quite like what he was feeling. He watched her expression carefully, he knew she felt a little more than exposed, and then it changed. She was blushing but she was again the girl on fire, the epitome of a victor before the madness of the world had changed so much in them both. The confidence he now saw in her demeanor was the confidence of love, the blush made her breathtaking, and he smiled up at his Mockingjay. "You still have no idea the effect that you have on people." Katniss shook her head as she leaned over to kiss him. Gasping as she felt the tip of him slide into the edge of her opening. She slid her hand down between them holding him steady and pushed herself onto him, his hands were already clamped on her hips, his hissing intake of breath mixed with her small cry of pain as she felt herself tear for the first time. The only good thing from their exposure to so much pain and torture was that this pain was the shortest lived and possibly the most pleasurable they had both endured in their tortured lives. Her body shuddered uncontrollably as she savored the feeling of having him inside of her in the most intimate of ways, they were one. They kissed one another ravenously, her hands running over his strong arms and shoulders, inhaling the scent of him, kissing him. Peeta gripped her legs, her hips, her waist pulling her more tightly against him. Before either of them knew it their bodies were moving in a rhythm of their own. Each one taking and giving, the powerful need between them growing ever stronger, like the waves in District 4. The full morning sunlight was now streaming through the window. He observed her in the sunlight taking in her movements and kissing her. Glad for the light that he was able to see something he had waited for, for so long. "Will you stay with me?" Her choked whisper came at the crest of their emotional build up. Tears were streaming down her face as she kissed his neck gripping his body tightly to hers. "Always." His reply came at the moment of their release. "Always" he kept whispering as they held each other tightly their bodies shuddering. … Peeta watched over Katniss as she slept the rest of the morning. The Capitol had done so much to damage to them, but here and now, they were slowly starting to find their way back to one another. He understood that things would never be simple or even easy between them. The sunlight streaming into their room illuminated her once more, he recalled something he had said to her while in District 13, and shook his head at how petty he had been. The beauty that Katniss held was the beauty of hope. That was what all of Panem had been drawn to, her strength and the idea that there would be a better tomorrow. A truth he knew beyond words that he loved her, but he wanted to hear one word from her. Leaning over he brushed her hair from her forehead. "You love me, real or not real?" A very small smile played on her lips as she curled in closer to his embrace whispering a sleepy, "Real." a/n: As I re-read the whole series and particularly Mockingjay. I was struck at just how much physical an emotional damage these two are put through. Plus Ms. Collins just leaves most of Mockingjay in a cliff hanger when it comes to their relationship. I just wanted to explore their relationship a bit and maybe work my way to their children.