mine and I feel like giving her just a little bit of comfort and grabbing her hand but I dont because I cant think about anything else but Effie's voice and the name that is going to come out her mouth. Then a name is called and Delly grabs my hand. My eyes open and focus on the floor, could it possibly be? Is she actually telling the truth. Because its not me, its the one name I never wanted to hear called. Its Primrose Everdeen. I honestly feel like I'm gonna throw up everything in my stomach. I feel as if all the air has left my body as I see a small blonde near the front, begin to move. Thats when fear spreads throughout me and I look towards Peeta. His eyes are on me. The fear is visible in his eyes as he must know what I'm gonna do. I cant let my little sister go into the games. I just cant. I take a breathe and nod at Peeta, trying to hold in the tears so that the Capitol dont see my cry, dont see how weak I can be at times. "Goodbye Delly." I mumble and let go of her iron grip on my hand, moving towards the middle of the square as quickly as I can, feeling Peeta's eyes on me the entire time, giving me strength. "Prim!" The cry comes out strangled and makes my throat hurt. Everyone at the end of the row falls backwards as I barge my way through to get to my little sister. A peacekeeper tries to stop me but I carry on shouting. "I volunteer! I volunteer as tribute!" The peacekeeper lets go of me and I lunge forward towards Prim just as she tries to move up the steps. "Prim, go find mum!" I shout as she latches on to me. Thats when she starts screaming. "No!" "Prim go find mum, I know, I'm so sorry." I mumble, trying not to cry. I'm trying to push her away, to get her off me so I can take my rightful place at the top of the steps. Then suddenly, she's lifted into the air. I turn around to tell whatever Peacekeeper it is to let her go. Instead I find Gale. He smiles sadly. "Up you go Catnip." He gives me a slightly nudge and hoists Prim over his shoulders, who is still screaming hysterically. I stand there, not wanting to move. "Lovely." I hear Effie Trinket says to me. I turn to see a lot of confusion on the stage. "But I believe there is a small matter of introducing the reaping winner and then asking for volunteers..." She trails off. Thats when the mayo speaks up. "What does it matter?" He looks pained. Sad even. "What does it matter, let her come forward." Then I begin moving up the steps. She takes my hand at the top and leads me over to the microphone. The square is as quiet as it was before. "Well bravo!" Effie chimes. "Thats the spirit. District 12' very first volunteer, whats your name?" She asks, moving the microphone over to me. "Katniss Everdeen." I choke. I'm finding it very hard not to cry right now. "Well, I bet my buttons that was your sister?" She asks. "Yes." I mumble, surprised that anyone would be able to catch it. "Well, everyone lets give her a hand." Effie begins to clap but no-one joins in so she stops. Instead everyone sticks the first three fingers on their left hand in the air. Its a very old District 12 saying. It means thanks, it means admiration, it means goodbye to someone you love. Now I'm really in danger of crying. Everything is silent for a second. "Now, for the boys." She says, leaving my side and walking to the bowl on her right. All I can think is not Peeta, not Gale, not Peeta, not Gale. And its not either of them. Its someone worse. Someone who I cant go into the games with. My legs wobble at the thought. "Eric Stratser." My eyes grow wild and my hands start to shake. He bounds through the 18 year old section, almost knocking Rye over who gives him a dirty look. Thats when I look at Peeta as an attempt to distract myself but it doesnt work when I see the look on his face. He's going to do something stupid and I starts shaking my head at him. Erics by my side now and I can feel myself about to collapse. "Now, any volunteers." Thats when the shaking gets really bad and for one specific reason. Peeta's hand shoots straight up in the air. "I do! I volunteer to go in." He shouts so that everyone can hear him and I hear a few gasps. One of them from my own mouth. I know I cant say anything so there is no use in trying. He pretty much runs towards the stage, to me. On the stage, he stands on the other side of Effie and tries to look strong but you can tell he's close to crying. Effie asks him his name and he says it with confidence. Effie speaks again just as Eric is being directed to the crowd at the back off the square where I see my mother standing beside Gale and Prim, all of them looking sad. "Well there you have it, the tributes from District 12. Shake hands you two." She moves aside and I step up to Peeta, instead of shaking his hand I pull him towards me for a hug, surprising Effie and just about everyone. Most of them know that we are dating but they wouldnt expect me to show the Capitol that I love him. Now they are going to use him against me and thats a given. Please leave me a review to let know what you thought of the first chapter.