Most 14 year olds that you see having sex these days are not in love they just think its something that have to do but I am in love with an amazing guy. "Its definitely not a dream, even if it does feel like one." He replies. "How did you sleep?" "Best night of my life." I say and he nods slightly. I turn myself further into him and bury my face into his chest. "Best night of your life so far." I can hear the tone in his voice, suggesting we are gonna have a better night when we are older. I dont doubt it. "When do you want to go back?" He asks. "Never sounds good, I want to live in this cold little cottage forever with you." When I first told him that we were coming out here, he looked scared but then he came here and couldnt keep his mouth shut. Honestly living out here, I wouldnt mind it at all. "Me too." He replies. "I want to spend my whole life with you Katniss Everdeen." He says. I'm about to reach up to kiss him but I'm stopped by a knock on the door. I close my eyes in annoyance. Wait, who the hell is out in the woods at this time? Is it the Peackeepers? Did the see the smoke from the chimney? My eyes shoot open in fear and it takes me a couple of seconds to realise where I am. The fire has died out and the morning sun is beaming through the windows. The knocking from my dream comes back, almost making me jump out of my skin. I glance to the baby monitor on the table next to me, its on and its silent, good she's still asleep. The clock alerts me that its almost 8am. I am actually surprised that she is still asleep. She's normally awake by now. The knocking comes again and I pull myself up, grabbing the baby monitor and drag my feet across the floor to the front door. The morning air floods in as I open it to find Ember standing there with a smile on his face. "Hey, I came to see how you where settling in?" He asks. "Hey, You wanna come in?" I ask, standing aside as he strolls in. Honestly, I just didnt want to stand there. Plus this house could use another person in it. "This place is a bit much isnt it?" He asks. "I mean, its nice but not really District 12 is it?" I let out a small laugh and lead him into the kitchen at the back of the house, sighing at the left over plates from last night. "You're telling me. Its going to take a while to get used to." I say and flick the kettle on the make some more hot chocolate. "You want some?" I hold up the little tub to him. "Never tried it. Whats it like?" He asks. "Its amazing, you'll like it." I say and dont even wait for his reply before putting some of it in a cup for him. "I'll take you're word for it." He says and I chuckle. Then I can hear crying. Willow's awake. "Do you want to sort her out whilst I finish up here?" He asks and I nod quickly before running from the room. I run up the stairs, making as much possible noise as I can and turn down the hallway to Willow's room. I find her in her crib crying as I thought she would be and pull her out. "Good morning baby." I say in the baby voice that I have got used to using now. "You hungry? Yes you are." She stops crying once I hold her, so I start walking back downstairs. My mother had bottled milk already set up for today. I had to use the years old breast pump thing to bottle it for her but she had it in a bag and everything ready because Willow is staying with Hazelle over night tonight so that I can enjoy the party. Hazelle isnt coming at all tonight because Posy isnt allowed so I talked to her about taking Willow and she agreed. Ember is still in the kitchen when I get back down. The hot chocolate has been made and mine is sitting on the counter waiting for me. "You're right, this stuff is amazing!" He praises. "So you got anything planned for today? Before the Party?" "Actually yeh, I was going to go into town to get some more baby stuff for the house, like a high-chair and maybe a couple toys." I say to him and he nods. "You want some help?" He asks and I start to shake my head but I'm sensing he is a stubborn person as he starts to stop me with his hand again, just like he did yesterday. "I'm helping you." He smiles and drinks a little bit more of his hot chocolate. I grab a bottle of milk out of the bag on the side and give some of it to Willow. Whilst Willow drinks, I glance back at Ember. We havent talked since we where kids and I didnt realise I trusted him so much but I do. I mean I let him into my house without a second thought and I'm actually letting him meet Willow which is hard for me to do after how she was concieved. I never trust anybody this quickly, heck, it even took me a couple of months for me to trust Gale and he is my best friend, Could there just be something different about Ember, is he different than everyone else? Is it really possible to like somebody this much after only a day. So... what did you think of chapter one? I bet a lot of you are confused about a couple of things but dont worry, eventually they will be cleared up ;)