the most difficult. They ask for more from you than just your body. "He was a fan of District 3 his whole life…sponsored me…pictures everywhere. Said he paid a lot of money to have me. He was…" "Obsessed." Beetee takes her hand, strokes his thumb over her soft skin. "I can handle the sex, I understand sex, but he kept saying all these things…" she starts to cry. "I know he doesn't really love me, it wasn't love like…" she waves her hand between them, indicating their relationship. "But if he thinks he loves me, why would he force me? If he loves me then…" "…how could he hurt you?" Beetee finishes. Wiress nods. She practically falls into his arms. "I don't know, livewire, I don't know." He holds her and rubs her back. He doesn't know how to make it clear that she's not at fault. That she's wonderful and loveable and that this man is sick, needs help. Wiress cries herself out quickly, a lot of the pain was from keeping it bottled up inside. "I wasn't good enough, Bee." "What do you mean?" Wiress meets his eyes with her large sad ones. "I couldn't give him what he wanted. He made me say I loved him, made me act as though I wanted him, and I did, I pretended it was you, said whatever he wanted. But it wasn't enough for him." She's shaking a bit. "He complained…." "To President Snow?" She shrugs. "To someone. They threatened you. If I don't do better next time." Beetee hopes against hope that there won't be a next time. He knows there probably will be. "I won't let them hurt you, Beetee." The look on her face is fierce, the same strong will and determination he saw in the arena. He believes that she would fight for him tooth and nail. "I love you more than anything, Wiress. That means I'll never hurt you, never force you." This earns him a smile. "I took eight or nine showers yesterday. I still feel dirty." She releases his hand and stands up. The bruises stand out starkly on her pale skin. "I don't want to be alone." "Oh." Beetee walks up the stairs with her. "I'll stay if you need me, sure." He grabs towels and pajamas. When he enters the bathroom, the water is running and Wiress is naked. "Oh." "I don't want to feel him on me anymore, I want to feel you." She kisses him. His lips are soft and gentle, she had tried to imagine this while in the capitol, but the real thing was so much better. "Come on, fiancé." They touch each other in the shower, it's not even truly sexual, more just reassurance that this is real, they are real, they belong to each other. The water turns cold, and they wrap themselves in the fluffy towels and head to bed. That's where it becomes sexual, and Beetee is the gentlest he's ever been, whispering his love to her, touching her face, and kissing her everywhere. She keeps her eyes open for every second, so she knows it's him, her Beetee, who loves her. She gasps when they join together, he worries that he's hurt her, but she shakes her head. "I just forgot how perfect this is." She holds onto his shoulders, throws her head back. "You remind me that sex is beautiful." Beetee agrees, their bodies are an expression of love, not the perverted tool of the capitol. They succumb to waves of pleasure, and drift off to sleep still intertwined. "I won't let them take this away from us", she sleepily promises. "Won't let them convince me sex is bad. Not with you." Wiress focuses entirely on her work. Beetee isn't much better most of the time, and they end up having to set alarms so they will take a break and eat. Beetee is pretty good at knowing his limits and getting sleep, but Wiress isn't. She'll work until she literally collapses. Beetee has to practically force her out of the workshop at night. Sometimes, she just brings a piece of her machine upstairs with her, and works on it at the little table in the bedroom. "Wiress, come to bed," he pleads. "I will, I just wanted to connect this and now…" She trails off as something snaps into place. She's caught her lower lip between her teeth in concentration, and Beetee can't take his eyes off her. "Wire. Livewire. Wiress." He calls, hoping that she will escape her working haze and actually come to bed. She doesn't even turn around, so he sighs and gets out of bed. "Livewire," he says, leaning on the back of her chair, "it is 3 AM. You need to come to bed. This can wait until morning." "It's important!" she cries out. Then she catches the hurt look on Beetee's face, and realizes how unreasonable she's been. "But not more important than you. Sorry." She tilts her head backwards so he can lean over the chair into an upside down kiss. "Never more important than you." She joins him in bed, and cuddles her apology. They get married quickly and quietly, Vinessa and Circuit the only two witnesses. Beetee gets exactly what he wants; a piece of paper filed away somewhere, a ring on her finger. "My wife," he whispers, making her giggle. When they reach home, Beetee lifts her easily into his arms, some old tradition he read somewhere. He carries her to the bedroom, both of them laughing the entire way. It's very easy for them to call their caresses 'making love', each of them completely overwhelmed with emotion for the other. They hold each other the whole night, occasionally murmuring "husband" or "wife". The Capitol doesn't know what they've created. Instead of two lives ruined by the Games, Beetee and Wiress have forged one unit, a partnership that makes them stronger, and one day, will help overthrow the entire government.