with words. "Katniss," he says, pulling me back to focus. "Where'd you go?" "I was just thinking about how proud I am of you," I say honestly. The smile on his face is the most heartbreaking thing and I can't help but return the smile under his gaze. "You're just trying to get yourself laid," he jokes, kissing my cheek before pulling me into a hug. I stay there, wrapped in his arms for a long time before he finally pulls away, tugging on my braided hair. "I'll call you tonight after I get off. Maybe we can go catch that Hunger Games movie or whatever." "Sounds good," I reply, truly not knowing what tonight will bring me in terms of work. I make no promises. He leaves in a rush then, scrambling out of the door and sending me one last wave when he makes it to his car before riding off into the sunset like the prince he is. I can't keep the smile off of my face as I reenter my now, very lonely apartment. I think of calling Haymitch, asking him if he needs any help today—anything to get my mind off of Peeta. But I decide against it, not in the mood for his drunken interrogation and backhanded compliments. I next think of calling my mother but decide against the headache, knowing the only thing that will come of that is the inevitable fighting that always occurs when my mother and I are speaking. Thinking of my mother makes my stomach hurt. The relationship has always been complicated in ways no one can truly understand. My father died when I was fourteen in a car accident. My mother was in the car but managed to make it out unharmed. She spent the rest of my teenage years with survivors guilt, always wishing it was her who had died that night and not my father—my kind, gentle father who reminded me so much of Peeta. The way she acted weeks after the accident sometimes made me wish she too had been the one to take the fatal blow that night. I would never express those feelings out loud though because she wasn't. She was here with us and I couldn't spend my whole life wishing she had been the one who died when it was my father instead. After years of therapy, I suppose she finally got over her survivors guilt and decided to start being a real mother though by that time, it was already too late. I was putting myself through college, making sure Prim—my younger sister—had everything she wanted even from a far. My mother never questioned where the money was coming from and part of me feels that she knew. She knew what I was doing to keep my family fed. She knew it was the thing any women would've done. Maybe this is where the resentment comes from. Maybe it comes from my mother allowing me to sell my body to do her job. I've never told Peeta about my family. He knows my dad is dead, my mother has her issues, and Prim is fifteen. He knows I send them money though he is oblivious to where the money comes from. He just doesn't ask. I realize the only thing I've done since Peeta left is accomplished the task of thoroughly depressing myself—but I've always been good at that. I think of Gale next, my childhood friend whom I never spoke to again after graduation. He lives in the area; my mother's told me that in one of our tense conversations. He has a wife now, a woman named Madge according to Facebook and by the looks of things she's pregnant. I smile; glad someone from home has actually made a good life for themselves. I've been meaning to call, to just say hello and that I hope everything is well. Things won't be strange now that he's married and I'm involved. Maybe it'll be like old times—but then again maybe it won't. The reason Gale and I stopped talking is a complicated one. I don't speak about Gale to anyone, mostly because us not talking seems to be the strangest thing being that we were so close as kids. But truly only Gale and I know the truth about the demise of our once strong relationship and neither of us wishes to relive it. I realize now why I never have any desire to go home for the holidays like Peeta does. There is no one at home whom I wish to see. There's nothing in that small, Arkansas town for me anymore and I would never wish to go back for that reason. But I'm no different than the people left back there. They may all be married with three kids by now, or coke addicts, or alcoholics—but hell, at least their living their lives the way they chose too. I can't say the same for me. Just then my phone rings, in hopes it's Peeta I rush to get it. It's not Peeta and suddenly my head hurts. "Hello?" "Ms. Everdeen, you should really pick up the phone the first time I call." My stomach sinks. "I apologize I wasn't near the phone," I say, trying my best to keep the terror out of my voice. I'm unsuccessful. "You have a job tonight, a house call on Rio," Snow tells me. "Dress nicely, Ms. Everdeen." The phone line goes dead then and I fall to my knees. I'm new to the site and hope you enjoy the progression of this story. Three chapters have already been written and I am very excited about the tone of this FanFiction! Please feel free to review. PM with any personal questions, suggestions, stories, anything! thank you. The song in the beginning is a beautiful song by the Lumineers called "Slow it Down" The song on which this story is based off of is "When the Night Comes" by Dan Auerbach