– a backpack, and make a break for it. When I look back, all of the tributes have made it to the Cornucopia, and I witness bloodshed. I see several tributes go down, and one killer looks at me viciously, calling to one of the others from his district to chase me. Eyes wide, I run. … That night, there are 18 faces in the sky out of the 48 tributes. If this was a normal Hunger Games, that would be only 9 tributes dead in the bloodbath. I sigh and open my backpack. Inside is a blowgun, 24 darts, a bowl, and some beef strips. I wonder how Haymitch made out with his backpack. … I learn quickly that everything in this arena is poisonous, except for rainwater and the things in my bag. I watch three tributes fall dead, followed by three cannons, after eating some fruit found on one of the trees. The shiny exterior and bright red color almost tempts me to eat it, but I don't. However, I do pick it up and start peeling it. I manage to squeeze the juice into the bowl. I smile; poison for my darts. I go around collecting more fruit for the rest of the hour, skinning them and squeezing the rich juice into a bowl. When I'm done I seal off the bowl with the lid that came with it. When I need to, I'll dip my darts in it. I have three darts dipped and at hand in case I need them. With my things all set, I head out toward the mountain to see if I can find some more tributes to stalk. … The view from the mountain is breathtaking. I can see all around the vast expanse of the arena. I don't see the Careers, however, until I look to my left. Some distance away, maybe a quarter of a mile, the Careers have set up camp. I begin to make my way over when the rumbling begins. … The majority of the Career pack is dead. The mountains turned out to be volcanoes. There's only a third of them remaining, maybe less. I sigh and trek on toward the Cornucopia. Then I hear screaming and yelling coming from somewhere. "Haymitch," I mutter as I hear his aggressive voice. "Die, idiot!" … Two Careers lie dead on the ground. The third holds a knife to Haymitch's throat. Haymitch is pinned to the ground, unable to move. He doesn't dare scream now – that will result in instantaneous death. Instead, he tries to thrash about. The Career grins as he begins to press the knife down. But he quickly stops and drops the knife, shocking Haymitch. The Career drops to the ground. Haymitch turns to see the Career with a dart in his neck. "Hey, Haymitch," I mutter quietly, coming out from my spot behind the tall grasses. Haymitch looks relieved that it's only me, and not another one of the Careers. "Thanks, Maysilee. I would've died without you," he says. "No problem. So…do you maybe want to be allies?" I ask. Haymitch nods. "We'll work better as a team. Now come on; let's go see if we can find anything useful." … We walk seemingly aimlessly for days. Haymitch looks like he knows where he's going, but I believe he doesn't. For days we walk around the arena, rationing our food, drinking rainwater, and sleeping alongside each other on the ground. I feel ready to go crazy – and when we reach the end of the arena, I reach the end of my wit. "Haymitch, we walked for days just to come to the end of the stupid arena!" I shout, fists balled. "I know. I wanted to come here," Haymitch responds bluntly, rocking back and forth on his heels. "We need to go back, Haymitch," I say to him sternly. "No. I'm staying here," Haymitch says defiantly. "Well then I'm leaving. There's five of us, and I don't want it coming down to the two of us," I say. Haymitch doesn't turn around. He doesn't even acknowledge my leaving. And then I turn around and leave. … "Stupid idiot. What the hell does he know? The end of the arena is full of nothing! Absolutely nothing!" I shout to myself in the arena. I think I'm alone until I feel some sort of presence. I don't dare turn when I hear some sort of squawking. A shadow overcomes me. Don't turn around. Don't you dare. But I do. I can't scream when I do. A flock of six candy-pink birds, obviously mutts, surrounds me. I can't make myself move to get the blowgun. It's as if I'm frozen in time, and then it all happens in slow motion. The birds all launch themselves at me at once, bringing me to the ground and the memories of all of the wolf mutts from the Games when I was twelve hit me like a ton of bricks. I struggle, scream, kick, but nothing works. The birds all peck at me, tearing off my flesh and causing me great pain. The pecking hurts. I do the one thing I know will work. I yell his name. "HAYMITCH!" … I feel the final skewer just as Haymitch appears over the hill. He screams at the sight, and all of the birds fly away before he can reach them. He falls to his knees beside me and takes my hand. My breath is coming in sharp gasps. "H-Hay-mitch…," I manage. "Maysilee. Don't die on me now. You can't!" Haymitch shouts. But he knows the efforts are futile. "I love you, Haymitch," I whisper. I shakily kiss him. When I pull away, his face reads shock. "I love you t-too, P-Pansy…," he whispers, his lips curving slightly, into a watery smile. That is when my head falls back, and my whole world goes dark. BOOM. Well, wasn't that quite depressing? Thanks for taking the time to read this.