of his straight jacket. "For your own protection." Which was quite thoughtful of them, because lately he'd been having the strangest impulses. Like running himself repeatedly into a wall or chewing his cheek until he craved the taste of his own blood. But once the crucial first few doses were administered his body grew accustomed to the venom and its hellish effects. Slowly but surely it began to take. Biting his fingernails down to nubs, Peeta even decided that it wasn't wholly bad. Oftentimes everything glowed. And it was a beautiful kind of light, angelic. Azure and soft, with hues of shade that beckoned him. Rest for the weary . So one day he took a ginger step towards the halo. That's when they began pumping lies into his head. But Peeta wouldn't turn, knew nothing could erase the indelible – Katniss he loved, the Capitol he hated. The girl on fire will burn everything in her path. Including you. "Katniss fights for everyone's liberation, including mine." But what do you really know about Katniss Everdeen? Peeta tried to remember. But his memories were fuzzy and seemed bent out of shape. "She's my partner. She saved my life." Did she? "Yes. She kept me alive in the arena." She kept herself alive, most assuredly. By any means necessary. Images leaked into his brain. Katniss kissing him. Katniss kicking a beehive onto his head. Katniss holding his hand in front of millions. Katniss offering him a handful of poisoned berries and telling him to eat up. Are you truly her partner, or merely her pawn? Look at yourself, Peeta; you're not the boy on fire. You're not anything but the boy with the bread. "The one who always gets burned….." Katniss, fire, the girl on fire, burning him up hair by hair, inch by inch, till he was nothing but ash and a tool for the enemy. No. No. They were lying to him. Their mouths foamed with deceit and a thread-like voice pleaded with him not to forget . "Katniss is alive. I got everything I wanted." Except for everything you didn't. It made a staggering amount of sense. How many times had that pretty smile lied to him, kissed his lips while planning out his murder? Whose bed was she sleeping in tonight, begging to chase the nightmares away? Peeta backed away from the glow into a dark corner where Katniss couldn't find him, where Katniss Everdeen was the grossest of all liars and a heinous beasts, and in his dwindling lucid moments he would wonder how they managed to make an enemy out of light, to convince him that the shadows were his friends. One day Peeta stopped wondering. He was sitting calmly on the floor when the door to his cell swung wide open. "You're wanted for another interview." Peeta twitched. "Tell me what you want me to say." . . . iii. allegro Weeks and weeks of repetition, recycled days gone by, and then in two seconds three things happened at once. Doors open. Alarms on. Lights out. Joanna jolted upright. She shook off her jittery slumber. This is it this is it this is it this is it . The room had been spinning for days and she felt backwards and inside out, but this was it so she dragged herself up, physically convulsed with the effort to stagger a few feet forward and splatter onto the floor. Someone rushed into her room. This person proceeded to lift her by the arms, tilt her head back for a quick inspection, and yell over his shoulder, "It's not Peeta!" Johanna laughed. Johanna tried to laugh. She thought: maybe they'll just leave me here to rot. She doubted Katniss' mental well-being depended on her. But if they were going to leave one of them behind for not being Peeta, then they damn well better get – "Annie," she barely managed to croak out, and tried to recall the last time she had used her voice for anything but screaming. The man's face darted behind him. "Where?" She pointed over his shoulder, out her cell door, gestured towards the right wing of the corridor. "I think….I don't…" She collapsed. Gale passed her off to the waiting arms of another soldier. "Get her out of here. I'm going after the others." The lights flickered on. Failsafes and counter-measures were kicking in. Gale trooped without a hitch. Dread prickled his arms. It was not a feeling he normally associated with himself, but with seconds left to make the extraction – Harris hurried from the opposite direction, brushed past him carrying a bundle of motionless, fragile human. "Got Cresta! Find Mellark!" And Peeta makes three . Three hostages. Three evacuees. And fate would dictate that Peeta's rescue would be down to him. Gale walked forward with his eyes through the scope. He peeked around a corner. All clear. He swung himself around; at the end of the hall was a dark cell. The only cell not bathed in light. Bingo. Gale's breath was heavy and loud in his ears. He stopped before the door and it opened with a creak. Peeta flinched when the lights came on. He sat unchained on a chair in the middle of the room, his hands resting peacefully in his lap. Face blank, flecks of dried blood matted the hair at his temple, speckled his chin like a boy needing more practice at shaving. Smears of darkness colored the skin under his eyes, shadows dancing within. He looked at Gale with a serene smile. "Where's Katniss?" Well, if you've made it to the end, I salute you. This fic is extremely out of my comfort level, but I had the idea and just decided to run with it. I don't normally do stuff this dark or even enjoy reading it, and tbh by the time I was nearing the end I was so disturbed I didn't even want to finish writing it. Anyway, thanks for reading!