also rose to leave. "Katniss, I'm going to get you something to eat. The medicine will make you sick unless you have something on your stomach. Gale, will you stay here until I get back?" He nodded and gave Katniss a tentative smile. "I'll be back soon." Katniss grabbed her hand and waited until her sister's eyes found hers. "Check on him," she said haltingly. "Please." Prim's bittersweet smile didn't belong on such a young face. It was one that had seen too much in too short a time. She cupped her sister's chin, fingers skimming along the line of the collar. "Always putting everyone else first, Katniss. I'll check on him first thing." Gale waited until the door slid shut behind her before rounding on Katniss hotly. "You don't owe him anything, Catnip. You don't have to stay here." His voiced softened and grew hesitant as if he was unsure of what he was doing but determined to get the words out. "My family is safe now. Your mother and Prim are fine. It's what we wanted. Now we can do what we want, be who we want. We don't have to play their game anymore." He covered her hands with his and looked at her intently. "I'm leaving for Two soon. It's the last holdout before we can move on the Capitol. You can come with me. We can finish this." Her eyes widened and she tried pull free but his hold tightened almost to the point of pain. "I didn't speak up before because I didn't want to scare you off. I couldn't offer you any kind of future. That's changed now. The world is changing. Come with me, Katniss. We could be happy." She couldn't keep the shock from her face at his offer. Why did she never see these things coming until they blindsided her? Her fingers tightened ever so slightly on his before letting go. Understanding flickered in his eyes before he gave an acknowledging nod to her unspoken answer. A rueful smile turned up the edges of his mouth. "I had to ask," he said quietly. "I had to know one way or another. I knew the chances of you taking me up on it were slim but I had to try." "Gale," she rasped in her hoarse, faltering voice. "Can't leave him like this. Snow did this to him because of me." Gale laughed. He actually threw back his head and laughed uproariously. Katniss stared at him in disbelief. "I should have known that you'd be the last to know," he chuckled. "As good as you are in the woods; you have no clue about people. Everybody knows it but you, Catnip. We all saw it a long time ago. It's about time you faced it yourself." The look he gave her was a strange combination of amusement and pity. She didn't like it one bit. "You don't know what you're talking about. I promised to keep Peeta alive. That's all." She stated emphatically as her eyes bore into his. "Yes, you did." Gale responded. "You wanted to keep him alive even though the only way it could happen is if you died. You promised even though it meant leaving your mother and sister behind." He grabbed her shoulders and shook her slightly. "You went to the feast to get him medicine knowing that you could die. You went anyway despite the promise you made to Prim to win and come home. Don't you see it, Catnip? Don't you know?" Gale pulled playfully on her braid. It was a thing he had done countless times before. This time, she felt the meaning behind it. He had accepted a truth that she had yet to comprehend. Whatever it was, he was determined to make her understand it. "You love Prim. You love me. I know you do. But you're in love with Peeta. We can all see it. Hell, the world saw it. You think it was a ruse to get out of the Arena alive. You've managed to fool yourself. It's time to face facts, Catnip. You love him. That's why you won't leave. " She shook her head furiously, the collar biting into the soft skin her neck. "No," she whispered. "I owe him. It's my fault he's hurt. I don't….I can't…" Gale smiled sadly and let her go. He stepped back and met her pained gaze with the gentlest look Katniss had ever seen. It was a look he only gave Posy. "You can and you will. Coin won't back down easily. She wants the Mockingjay. If you want to stay with Peeta, you're going to have to fight for it. It might as well be for the right reasons, Katniss." The determined look that flooded her eyes was all that Gale could have wished for. He knew that look, had seen it a hundred times. She had made up her mind and nothing or nobody would stand in her way. She took the glass of water he handed her and gulped it down in one long pull. Her hands busied themselves with tidying and straightening her frazzled braid. "I'm not leaving him," she stated firmly. "I won't." "Then don't," Gale replied, just a hint of sorrow in his voice and eyes. He tamped it down and forced a smile that the girl hesitantly returned. "When Prim gets back, we'll let them know what you've decided. I'll help you as much as I can." He turned away before she could see how much this hurt. She had enough pain to deal with. He wouldn't burden her with his on top of it. A small hand clenched his firmly and her soft words loosened the taut muscles in the back of his neck, "Thank you for being my friend." Gale closed his eyes and returned the squeeze giving no outward sign that his heart had cracked into. "I'll always be here for you, Catnip." He vowed quietly. "Always." End Part 1