Beetee in a similar state of disarray. "He doesn't get me, silly." Wiress pulls Beetee's mouth to hers hard. She kisses him deeply, bites his lip, rams her hip into his. "Yours." Drunk Beetee seems satisfied. "Okay." He holds her and strokes her hair until they both fall asleep. Wiress wakes up to the sound of the shower. It's louder than the one at home, entered her dreams until she woke up horny as hell, picturing a wet Beetee. She rolls over into the empty spot he's left in the bed. She misses his warmth. The sound stops abruptly. She dozes back off for a minute or so, and when she next opens her eyes, there's Beetee clad only in a towel, straight from her dreams. "Good morning", he murmurs. "Sorry I got so drunk last night. I guess I was celebrating more than I thought." She stretches, aware that Beetee is taking in every inch of skin she shows over the blankets. "It's fine. You weren't obnoxious or anything. Just rather sweet. Now come here." He raises an eyebrow, pointedly looking at the towel wrapped around his waist. She shakes her head, and he obediently drops it. She gives him a wicked grin. He pulls the blankets down around their feet, covers her body with his. She feels him harden against her thigh, and it makes her shiver with delight. They kiss, tongues meeting inside her mouth. He tastes like toothpaste, but she still tastes like champagne. He kisses her shoulder, sucks the skin into his mouth. He then presses kisses down her breastbone, along with little bites. "You're going to give me love marks," she says. "That's the plan," he tells her. "Got to stake my claim for the sexiest woman I've ever met." He kisses a breast, licks the nipple. She shudders. He moves to the other breast, sucks it into his mouth. He rolls the other nipple between his fingers, and Wiress feels like she could pass out from the sensation. She moans wordlessly. He kisses her mouth again, fingers pulling at both her nipples. She bucks her hips at him involuntarily. "You're so amazing," he tells her. She's silent, or possibly too overwhelmed with feeling to speak. He lowers himself to her stomach, kisses her several times, and then goes lower. Wiress spreads her legs automatically for his body, and he slides his arms under her legs. He nuzzles against her thighs, runs his cheek against the apex of her legs. He kisses each thigh in turn, and she makes impatient sounds. He finally licks where she wants him to, teeth, tongue, and lips at her service. He opens her with his fingers, rubbing her own wetness along her lower lips. He laps at them, and rubs a knuckle between. "How is this?" "Wonderful" she says. He exhales, and she moans from the breath. Beetee licks a stripe between her legs, then sucks gently at the point where her nerves gather. He points his tongue and flicks at it, feels her move underneath his mouth. "Fingers!" she demands, and he's only too happy to comply, slipping one and then two fingers deep into her wetness. "Oh, Beetee," she moans. "Beetee." It's practically a whimper now, which means she is getting close. He thrusts his fingers in and out as he sucks at her clit. He wants to tell her that she is his, but his mouth is busy and it comes out as a hum. The hum gets her there, and she jerks her hips off the bed and makes incredibly sexy moans and shrieks. Her muscles clench at his fingers deep inside her, and Beetee can't imagine anything possibly hotter. He nuzzles her for a while as she comes down off her high, making sure to wring out every ounce of pleasure possible. "Beetee…" she whimpers. He smiles, and climbs up to lie with her. "Is it always that good? I can't even remember. It was…." He doesn't finish the sentence for her. "It's always good, between us. Different levels, I think." She closes her eyes, overwhelmed by sensation. "It's just that I can't imagine anything better in the world." He laughs. He lays next to her while her breathing returns to normal, and he's about to suggest breakfast when she speaks again. "Take me." "What?" She turns her head to him, eyes clear and wanting. "Please take me." He 's very hard, and wonders if he is just hearing what he wants to hear, but she wraps her hand around him and strokes, slowly, thumb spreading precum around the head. "Take me. I need you," she tells him. He positions himself over her, kisses her. "Really?" She releases a frustrated breath. " Yes ." He kisses her neck, sucks at her throat. She reaches down and positions his cock. She's absolutely soaking wet, and he enters her easily. They fit together perfectly. "Is this good?" He asks. It's absolute paradise for him. "Mmm." Wiress is rolling her hips, taking him deeper than he can get on his own. "Very….good….so good. But do what you like, I want what you like." Beetee focuses on himself, kissing the crease underneath her breasts, holding her backside as he thrusts into her, all of the little things that bring him the most pleasure. "I'm close." "Come for me," she moans. "You?" "No, I don't think I can come again. I want you to moan for me. I want you to come inside me." Wiress knows that he loves when she speaks like that, and she keeps up meaningless dirty talk until he breaks down. Then she stops in order to hear him moaning her name, over and over as he spends himself inside her. She adores the way he collapses next to her afterward, both of them glowing from exertion and orgasm. Wiress traces a heart shape over his chest, right above his real heart, and then kisses it. "Now we'd better think about breakfast," she whispers.