within her. "Fuck, Wiress. Sparks," he gasped out. He began to move slowly, holding onto her hips to control the friction. "So good," she whispered, resting her cheek against the wall. She smiled as he met her eyes. He loved the look of lust on her face, the way she bit at her lip between desperate pants. Wiress' hips thrust against him with every one of his movements, just as eager for him to fill her as he was. He moved his hands up to fondle her breasts. "Yes," she hissed through her teeth. Her nipples were hard little pebbles, perfect to pinch and roll under his fingers. His brain carefully cataloged which of his actions made her jump slightly, which made her shake, which made her clench down on his cock. He really couldn't turn off that part of his mind, the analytical part that was breaking down their sex into cause and effect. He wanted Wiress to come first, so he actually welcomed the distraction to cool him down, to keep him from being a selfish lover. While he continued to run one hand over the smooth skin of her breast, he brought down his other over her soft stomach to rest between her legs. He cupped her gently outside her vulva, allowing the thrust of their hips to press her against his hand. Wiress was making small noises that he found intensely arousing, little mews and soft moans that expressed just how much she enjoyed his touch. His fingers easily slipped between her outer labia, coating them in her wetness. Beetee licked his lips, remembering the taste of her. Her clitoris was aroused, easy to find and touch. He circled it with one finger, putting Wiress in the difficult position of wanting to push back into his cock as well as wanting to push forward onto his hand. She whimpered in frustration, but her face made it clear that she liked their little dance. He thrust harder, remembering her request for roughness. She laughed in shock, careful to catch herself against the wall. Beetee moved his hand from her breasts so he could brace them both against the wall as well. She wanted to be fucked against a wall, not slammed so that she bruised her face. She turned her head to kiss his arm, silently thanking him for the support. His fingers were rubbing directly at her clitoris now, the pressure and movement bring her very close to coming. Beetee ducked his head to her arched neck, kissing and sucking at the delicate skin. Her moans were louder now, Beetee's brain automatically comparing them to the moans as he went down on her, calculating how close she was, what he should do to maximize her orgasm. "Harder," she begged. "I'm so close!" He kept his movements up, thrust into her even harder, and then bit at her neck. Gently, not enough to break skin, but she felt his sharp teeth against her, her blood thrumming at her throat. It was animalistic and raw, and she had never been more turned on in her life. Her nerves felt like they were on fire, like Beetee was touching her everywhere. He was molded along her back, pressed fully against her, filling her with his cock, caressing her with his fingers, and now biting at her neck. It was too much for her to handle, all of the tension in her body came to a point, releasing her in a rush of endorphins. She screamed in pleasure, unable to keep quiet, all of her limbs stiff, her cunt clenching at Beetee, milking him rhythmically. She gasped for breath, glad of Beetee's support as her arms were now too weak and shaky to hold them there. Beetee continued to move throughout her orgasm, making sure she got every sensation possible, but as she stilled, he stopped, disengaging himself from her body in order to hold her close. He turned her to face him, and she threw her arms around his neck to kiss him deeply. Now, with her back against the wall, he lifted her, entering her again as she wrapped her legs around his hips. He moved quickly, body eager for his own release. Feeling him thrust into her again so quickly, as well as the friction of the angle, gave her another small orgasm as an aftershock. That shaking and the sound she made brought Beetee to his climax, made him lose control of himself. He thrust up into her as he came, feeling her tighten her muscles around his pulsing. She murmured his name over and over as she pressed her face into his neck, kissing and nuzzling his sweat-kissed skin. They stood like that for a few moments more, leaning against the wall, trying to get their balance back, then carefully pulled apart. Beetee wished they had a nearby bed to sink into, this was definitely the downside to having sex in their workshop. "Can you find…" Beetee sifted through their clothing to find her underwear, handing them over. "Thanks, love." He found his underwear as well, stepping into them quickly. The sheen of sweat he had worked up over his body was now making him cold. He was about to bend for the rest of the clothes, but he was stopped by a hand at his waist and a kiss on his spine, right between his shoulder blades. "Can I take you up on that offer to see your bedroom?" Wiress asked teasingly. She pulled his shirt out of the pile and handed the rest to him, slipping on his shirt. "Yeah, let's go." He grinned at her as she closed one button to keep it on, but otherwise swam in the too-big shirt. She first darted to her door and shut it, then crossed the space to the door connecting his house. Her standing in the doorway made a pretty picture: Wiress, hair mussed and skin flushed, wearing his shirt and a big smile.