had five years ago. "Except for the victor part," she says aloud before she can stop herself and Finnick glances at her, raising his eyebrows in question. The light caress of his thumb doesn't stop. "Sorry. I didn't mean to say that out loud." Just then the curtains part and Flickerman beckons them all to come forward across the stage and take their places, denoted by their district numbers on the floor. That's a little bit different from her first Games, too. Still holding tightly to each other's hands, Annie and Finnick step into the spotlights. xXx Standing uncomfortably in front of Caesar Flickerman and what feels like thousands in the audience, Annie tries not to fidget. Her muscles all but quiver with the need to move , it doesn't matter how. Hands clasped in front of her, the fingers of her right hand twist the delicate ring of knotted string on her left ring finger, around and around and around. S top it, Annie. That counts as fidgeting, too. She tries to concentrate on Flickerman, watching his lips form words that become a question; she's so intent on not fidgeting and on the slight purple cast to his lips that what he says doesn't sink in right away. When it does, her heart seems to stop beating. "That's an unusual ring you have there, Annie. Is that your district token?" He looks at her expectantly, what's meant to be an encouraging smile on his face, but his teeth are too white, too perfect, and his lavender hair looks plastic. Nothing about the man is reassuring. Resisting the urge to cover her ears, she can't quite stop playing with the ring – It's my wedding ring, Caesar. Finnick and I married each other before dressing up like dolls for you all to play with – and a laugh escapes her lips before she can stop it. Finnick stands a good ten feet behind her and she can't look at him – everything about him is reassuring – but she catches a glimpse of him in a monitor over Flickerman's shoulder. He looks relaxed, even a little bored, unless she looks at his eyes. Sucking in enough air to make herself a little light-headed, Annie says, "Yes, it's my district token." She and Finnick aren't exactly hiding their relationship anymore, but he'd still said, just before joining the other victor-tributes backstage, that it might not play as well to the sponsors to let everyone know about the vows they'd made only moments before. "And how about that training score?" Flickerman asks, turning a little toward the audience and raising his arms, encouraging their input; they oblige him by loud applause, by whistles and by shouting her name. "Can you give us a hint of what you showed our esteemed Gamemakers, Annie?" On safer territory, Annie smiles. With another glance at the screen, at her now at ease husband – husband! – she takes a step closer to the talk show host and stage whispers, "I'm afraid that's a secret, Mr. Flickerman." xXx The voice of the crowd is deafening. Annie stands with the other victors on the stage listening to the screams and cries Peeta Mellark's words sparked. Poor Katniss. Pregnant and going into the arena... Can there be anything worse than that? she thinks as she slips her hand into Finnick's. His fingers interweave with hers and he lifts her hand to his lips, brushes his mouth over her knuckles before letting their joined hands drop once more. On her other side, the man from District 3 touches her hand and Annie instinctively recoils. Frowning slightly, she looks over at him; looking back at her, he nods and reaches for her hand again. Out of the corner of her eye, Annie glimpses an image of the victors on one of the monitors that shows all of them standing together in a nearly unbroken line. The only ones not holding hands are herself and Beetee from 3. Heart hammering in her chest, Annie takes Beetee's hand. xXx She falls, but a hand catches her arm, pulling her up short. The crowd and the darkness press in, suffocating her even as strong fingers dig into her forearm; she can almost feel the bones shift. "Easy. I've got you." Not Finnick. Her husband is somewhere ahead of her in the dark. The lights had cut out abruptly and the crowd had begun to scream. Finnick and Beetee both were torn from her grasp; she'd had little choice but to follow the ghostly form of a Peacekeeper, shouting for them all to move, move, move. "Watch your head," the man tells her, his grip still firm – though no longer crushing – on her arm. Annie ducks her head as he pushes her into the limousine and then follows her in. Cecelia from District 8 is already there, in the seat across from Annie. Beside her sits Seeder from District 11. Annie looks over at Brutus, sitting beside her now as the car begins to move. She stares at him, wondering why he helped her, why he was so nice to her while he was doing it. After a moment, Brutus shrugs. Answering her unasked question, he says, "I'd rather your boyfriend try to kill me because of the Games than because I stood by while something happened to you before they even started." Annie stares at Brutus for a moment longer before she begins to laugh. xXx She listens to the steady beat of Finnick's heart. He's no more asleep than she is, but neither of them says anything. There's too much to say and not enough time in which to say it. In only a few hours now, they'll be back in the arena. One or both of them might die, in spite of the plans Finnick whispered to her on the roof the night before. She lies there in her husband's arms, wishing for a miracle, and gradually drifts to sleep.