her a few seconds to find it, a few more seconds of picking at it with her nails before she starts making small sounds of distress. Finnick cranes his neck a little and nips at her hip. "What's wrong?" "I can't untie it!" It takes effort, but he manages not to laugh in the face of her frustration. "There's a knife in my coat pocket," he tells her. "It's hanging by the back door." Suddenly her face is near to his as she all but lies down on the floor beside him. "I can't use a knife. The rope is too tight." Her voice is horrified and Finnick loses his fight against the laughter. "No kidding. But you can use a knife. Just do it carefully." "I'll cut you." He laughs again. "You won't cut me," he assures her, but her distress is real. He watches as the panic starts, her own buried fears rising to the surface. "Annie," he says sharply. "Stay with me. You can do this. You're not going to hurt me." Annie blinks back tears, but then nods. Visibly steeling herself, she rolls to her knees and then to her feet and pads into the kitchen. When she returns, she's studying the fishing knife in her hands. "I thought you kept this in the Capitol," she says as she kneels in front of him once more. "No, I keep it with me. When I'm in the Capitol, it stays in a drawer. For some reason, they don't like me having a weapon." While Annie drags the short blade back and forth over the rope around his wrists, Finnick holds himself as still as he can. The rope starts to separate on its own as the strands are severed; he flexes his muscles, pulling it even tighter as he increases the tension. It parts abruptly and Annie backs away, knife gripped tightly in her right hand. But then she drops it to the floor as she rushes to help free him. The moment he's able, Finnick pulls her into his arms and buries his face in her hair. xXx Finnick feels her gaze on him as he pulls a plain blue shirt over his head. He doesn't bother to comb his still damp hair, doesn't care if the shirt matches the trousers or if his shoes are appropriate to the rest; they'll shuffle him off to remake as soon as he hits the Capitol anyway. "I wish you didn't have to go." He glances over at Annie, lying on her stomach on their bed wearing nothing but a towel. "Me, too." Half smiling at the sight of her, Finnick continues, "I'll be back in a couple of weeks, though." It isn't much, but it's all he has to look forward to, coming home, and even that's new. Before Annie, it wasn't so much coming home that he looked forward to as simply leaving the Capitol. Annie looks at him sharply. "In time for the reaping," she says slowly, shadows in her voice. It'll be the first reaping since she was crowned victor. Meeting her eyes, he nods, but then has to look away from the shadows he sees there, mirror images of his own. Without warning, she rolls off the bed, leaving the towel behind. Practically running to the bathroom, she rummages through the clothes lying on the floor until she finds what she's looking for. He can't take his eyes off her and wonders if she's even aware that she's naked. She carries something over to him where he stands at the end of the bed. "What is it?" he asks and she answers by bringing her body flush with his, reaching up to twine her arms around his neck, pulling his face down to hers. "Do you remember the token you gave me to take with me into the arena?" she murmurs against his lips. He catches her mouth, kisses her before pulling back a little to search her eyes. "Just a piece of knotted cord." "Maybe to you." She shifts and, still holding onto his shoulders with one hand, brings her other hand down until he can see what she holds: once white, the cord has long-since gone gray, smudged and worn darker in places along its length. "To me, it was a talisman." He raises one eyebrow and she continues. "It was the only thing I had that wasn't filled with pain or fear. The only thing that called me back home." She kisses him again and steps back, her hand trailing down his arm. She presses her talisman into his hand. Swallowing against the sudden lump in his throat, Finnick blinks back the tears that form just as suddenly behind his eyes. "Annie…" "Now it can stand between you what they do to you." She takes his hand again and where a moment before she had pressed the cord into it, now she opens his fingers. "I know when you gave it to me that you meant for me to work knots of my own, but I didn't know how. Not like you." She looks up at him and then quickly away, suddenly shy. "If you work your knots with it and think of me, then they can't touch you." Meeting his eyes again, she says, "I won't let them." A stunned Finnick whispers, "I love you, Anwyn Cresta. I don't know how I survived this before you." And then he forces himself to walk away, not looking back and not stopping, because if he does either one, he won't leave and he can't risk what Snow would do if he were to be so foolish. Clutching her talisman tightly, Finnick walks out the door, slamming it behind him more forcefully than he intends to, and as he reaches the boathouse, he hears her calling his name. Turning back, he sees her leaning out of their bedroom window, both hands gripping the sill. "I'll be here when you come home, Finnick Odair!"