fall to the floor, spluttering angrily. Cassian scrambled to his feet, rage causing him to shake and go red-faced. "Don't you call me boy!" "You let my sister die! I should kill you now and take your head back to my Lord father!" "Then go ahead! The Gods know you're desperate to prove yourself as a man! Take my damn head! Go on!" Haymitch's reply shocked even himself; wine and grief causing him to be careless. Cassian took this as an invite, and even dared to reach for his dagger, but Haymitch's uncle had appeared during the scuffle and was quick to work with Cinna to restrain the angry soon-to-be-Lord. "No one is taking any heads!" His uncle spoke. "We are allied Houses! We will work together to bring down this foe. The only heads we shall take are the rotten heads of the traitor Lord and that Northern bastard!" Haymitch and Cassian continued to glare at each other, but the silence and stillness seemed to be an unspoken agreement for a temporary truce. At Haymitch's cold, hard stare, Cassian eventually grew uneasy, and sighed, turning to Landon Abernathy instead. "Tell me what happened, Ser." He requested, and his uncle was quick to oblige. Haymitch sighed and took another gulp of wine, slumping back down on the steps as the tale he'd heard earlier in the day was told yet again. Somehow, he knew it would never be an easy story to hear. "I was in my solar when the fighting began. I glanced into the courtyard to see what appeared to be one of the City Watch arguing with one of Lord Tristain's guards. Of course, this caught the attention of many guards as it turned into a bigger disturbance. I was on my way down to resolve the issue, as any Commander would, when I heard a scream from the Royal apartments. Naturally, I ran - faster than I have ever ran before - but when I arrived, I… T-There was nothing I could do. It turns out the disturbance in the courtyard was a diversion. The bastard and some 50 Trinket guards were fighting ours in the hallway. I attempted to push through into the apartments, and eventually succeeded, only to find… The young Prince - my nephew - and my sister-in-law, the Queen… They were with the Gods already. And your daughter's scream sounded from her quarters, so I pushed through the fighting once more, but before I got there, the bastard Snow was fleeing. I commanded three of my men to go see to the Lady Ariana, and they did so, while I took up chase of the bastard. It was chaos and I could hardly see who was friend or foe. The hallways and steps were slick with blood. It was slaughter. I eventually made it to the throne room, where I knew my brother was in a meeting of the Small Council, but fighting guards were there already. We were outnumbered, somehow. They'd split their army skilfully. This was planned. This was a well thought out plan. When I arrived in the Small Council chamber, Lord Tristain and many of his personal guards had already slain those present, but my brother was up in arms with the Lord himself. My arrival distracted them all from the fight, but Lord Tristain used this to his advantage and ran my brother through. It all happened so quickly, and by the time the City Watch had arrived with the rest of the Kingsguard, Lord Tristain and Snow had fled, their guards slaying innocents and setting fires as they ran. They did not loot. They only wished to cause chaos." Landon paused for a moment to gather himself, his face pained from retelling the story. He looked to his nephew, who seemed to be staring blankly at the floor, his jaw tense. With a sigh, he continued. "Eventually, the city calmed somewhat and all the Northmen fled with their Lord. Of course, once the calm came, we had to try to restore order. The remaining guards went to the lower town to calm the common folk, while the rest of the Kingsguard tried to gather what remained of the Royal Court. We brought the dead to the throne room. It was the only chamber we could think of that would hold them all. It turned out that when my men arrived at Lady Ariana's chambers, she was already with the Gods as well, so we brought her to rest with the King and his family. Respectfully, of course. She was family to us; as much an Abernathy as my own nephew here. We loved her. Haymitch loved her. He could do nothing, my Lords." The room fell silent as Landon Abernathy finished his account of the day's events; the only sound for a while the swill of the wine as Haymitch continued to drink. Cassian Gold spoke first. "Why would the Northerners do this? Why would they betray their King?" "Lord Tristain had sought out my brother but a week ago, telling him of an idea to make the North it's own Kingdom. Of course, my brother declined, saying it is a foolish King that would agree to split his lands in two. The few Trinket guards we captured claimed to fight for the King in the North, Tristain Trinket." "It was an act of war, and we'll wipe out every last one of 'em." Haymitch spoke finally, his voice slightly shaken with rage and grief and slurred from the wine. "In time, nephew, we will." Landon Abernathy agreed. "We will wipe out every last one of them." A/N: Let me know what you thought, please? And thanks for reading. :) Disclaimer: All THG-universe characters are not mine. Which sucks. And Westeros isn't mine either. And any ASOIAF characters (if any appear later) are not mine. If a character is mine, you'll know because their name will seem completely random. ;) I wish Hayffie were mine. -sigh-