after me as I run ahead to greet Lena, and carefully offer to take Drea from her, as it's clear she can't carry the fussy two year old by herself. I continue to walk with Lena, leaving Cai to walk by himself for a while, and eventually Edie catches up to us and we talk about fishing, my rescuing Adara Lucett this morning (apparently word of the ordeal has spread through the whole district), and whatever other topics we can occupy ourselves with without bringing up the reaping. But the walk can only last so long, and before we know it we're in the town square, holding our arms out while the workers from the Capitol take our blood to make sure that everyone's present. I hug my mother and Edie for what feels like a lifetime, quickly embrace my father who has come straight from work, and after saying goodbye to Lena I join the other seventeen year old boys, who are all looking fairly calm – though I figure it's just so they don't seem weak if they get chosen – and concentrate on making sure my own cool exterior never falters. When everyone seems to have arrived, the guests, including Mayor Ash, file silently on to the stage behind our extravagant escort Peach Windson. Her face looks sour and bored as ever, and I wonder how she has the audacity to look bored when she's about to tell two children that they have to leave their families and friends and compete in the Hunger Games. Peach is the type of woman that could intimidate you with a simple look. Although she's probably in her mid-twenties, her skin is a sickly blue and you can tell that it has been greatly, albeit unnecessarily, enhanced. I expect she would be pretty attractive if not for her Capitol makeover. She wears a knee-length green dress with a shiny gold pattern inlaid into the fabric along with some unusual gold accessory in her flowing white hair. The dress could actually be deemed acceptable, if not extravagant, formalwear here in District Four, however her blue skin, white hair and surgically altered features make her an unmistakable, therefore extremely hateable, product of the Capitol. "Welcome!" She trills, feigning excitement. "How lovely to be back in District Four… again." She says in a tone that lets us all know it is clearly not lovely to be back in District Four, again. "It's time to select this year's tributes! But before we do, here's a short film brought to you by the Capitol!" We stand and watch the same short film that most of us have seen too many times, reminding us of how The Hunger Games are a punishment for the people's rebellion in the Dark Days, and how being chosen as tribute is an honour, and the victor will be bathed in riches for the remainder of his, or her, lifetime. "Wonderful!" Peach says as the film draws to a close. "Now, it's time to choose your male tribute!" She makes her way over to the left side of the stage, walking twice as slowly as she did before as to not trip up again. "May the odds be ever in your favour." She purrs at no-one in particular. She reaches her hand in the bowl slowly, I'm guessing to create tension, and plucks a white, sealed slip of paper from the many that surround it. She makes her way back to the microphone, slow as ever, and pulls the black seal from the paper. We give her an antagonising second to smooth the paper out and take in the name that sits in black and white before her. She takes the suspense angle way too far – just as I start to think she may never read out the name, two small words escape her lips. "Aedan Sparks." The whole District takes a breath; partly from relief, partly from sorrow. I simply stand, unmoving as the whole square turns to look at me. Perhaps there's more than one Aedan Sparks living in Four? Of course not. Perhaps Peach read the name wrong? Don't be stupid. Only the peacekeepers, ushering me up to the stage, snap me back to reality, and I feel a single tear rolling down my cheek. I force myself to hide my emotion, knowing that at this point there's no going back, and crying will only make me an easy target. I know that the reapings will be televised later on, and it angers me to know that even though I saved a girl's life this morning, no-one outside the District will know. Surely if word spread to the Capitol that I saved Adara Lucett from drowning the same day of my reaping, it would get me more sponsors? Perhaps I'll tell them myself. Thousands of thoughts race through my mind; who will I face in the arena? What kinds of tricks will the Capitol play on us? Who will be coming with me? and before I know it I'm on the stage, thousands of people looking up at me, as Peach fishes another small slip of paper from the girls' bowl. I take one last look at the girls, wondering which one of them it could possibly be. I catch sight of Lena, teary eyes meeting my gaze, and hope that Cai will not be right two years in a row. Several other names find their way into my mind, but as Peach breaks the seal on the paper, I find myself hoping for a stranger. A girl so distanced from me that I'll find myself struggling to empathize for her. Peach reads the name, and for the first time I see a genuine emotion on her face: confusion. She ushers forward Mayor Ash and the two exchange confused words before Peach returns to the microphone. And, the girl, of course I know her. It's the closest I could possibly get. "Edie Sparks!" It's my own little sister.