and then reaching up to grip it with my hands, letting my legs dangle below. I stay that way for a little under a minute before swinging my way back onto the bar and beginning the climb down the wall to the ground, landing a little shakily but without falling. "Thank you Miss Reed" one of the game makers says, he nods towards the door and I leave. That evening we sit and watch the scores; both tributes from District One pull a ten, the girl from District Two only pulls a six but her partner is given an eight. "Silver won't like that" Henry murmurs. The screaming twelve year old from District Six only gets a three and Bates, the boy I helped from Seven, gets a nine. The announcer displays Mal's picture, "And now, Mal Reed from District Eleven….six!" Phew, that's not a bad score. Not enough to make him a target but not totally weak either. "Cassava Reed, also from District Eleven…eight!" Henry jumps up and hugs me; even Jeska, my stylist, cracks a brief smile, but Mal looks downcast. "Well done" he puts a hand on my shoulder. "All I did was climb; I just got their attention that's all." I try to reassure him; he told me earlier that hardly anyone even watched him. "You showed them real survival skills, if they were decent human beings they would've watched you and seen them." "I know…thanks." We stand awkwardly for a moment "well, goodnight." I shake off Henry's fawning and excuse myself as well, for a moment I consider knocking on Mal's door and sleeping in his room but things are already different. The Games have already taken what we were. Mal Sleep comes a little easier this time but my dreams are filled with Cass; she grows to fifty feet, chases me through caves and, finally devours me. It's not hard to unpick my feelings when I awake, Cass eclipsed me in training, and now this little girl I was ordered to protect seems to have better odds than I do. Resentment gnaws at me throughout breakfast and I finish my food quickly; wolfing down my pancakes, mixed berries and fresh squeezed orange juice. I don't want to be on my own with Cass, not with Henry cooing at her training score and 'hidden talents,' so I ask my stylist, Dillon, what would be the most helpful way to spend my time. "Eat and rest" he answers me seriously "there are copies of the first and second Hunger Games in the viewing room if you want to do some more research." I nod, of course I've seen them before but I can't say I was watching them for hints when I was back in Eleven. Somewhere during my viewing of the first Games, Cass enters the room and walks softly to join me on the sofa. Together we watch the tributes as they are torn apart by wolves, bears, storms and, of course, each other. In less than a day we will be there, in the arena, and we will have a choice. We will be a team or we will be competitors. I look over at Cass' face and I see that her fear mirrors my own; putting my arm around her shoulders I place a kiss on the top of her head. Of course we will be a team; Cass can never be anything other than my ally. That evening we dress for our interviews. I am wearing a beautifully tailored suit and sweating a little under the lights. Cass sits, shifting a little in her flouncy, green dress, and answers questions about her favourite fashions and food. "I have to ask Cass," the interviewer leans in conspiratorially, "where did your amazing training score come from?" She smiles "I suppose you'll have to wait and see." The audience thunders with applause and I take my place in the plush, purple chair. Despite my nerves, I find the questions surprisingly easy to answer; they are mostly vacuous compliments and superficial statements. Then he asks "How does it feel to be here with your sister?" What a ridiculous question! What does he want me to say? That it's horrible? Every tribute's worst nightmare? In then end all I want is to show the sponsors we are a pair. "We are a formidable family, she's got my back and I've got hers. Let them come at us, they'll soon see." When the lights dim we are escorted back to the living quarters. I shower, luxuriating in the warmth of the water and wishing I could take it with me into the arena, before changing into fleece pyjamas and a quilted dressing gown. I didn't even know I was waiting for the knock at my door but, when it comes, a tense knot in my stomach unwinds. I open the door to find Cass, tears streaming down her face and panting heavily. There are no words, I simply drop to my knees and hug her tightly until Henry appears and orders us to bed. That night I squeeze my eyes shut, waiting and hoping for sleep, terrified it will never come. A little voice carries through my bedroom wall and I press my ear to the door. Cass is singing; it's a little song I've heard our mother sing to Flo when she isn't sleeping, not all the words are audible but I know the tune so well that my memory fills in the gaps. Cass "The acorn grows, grows, grows, The river flows, flows, flows. But tonight, my darling, sleep is what she knows, knows, knows, The moon watches you dear, lay your head, Softly now, upon your bed, You're safe now, angels watch you tread, Until morning comes, you're safe with me Beneath the oak, beneath the tree.." I can't carry on, it hurts so much to think of home that I climb into bed, wrap my arms around my legs and pray for oblivion.