turned to face him. Her arms found their way about his neck as his wound about her waist. She raised her lips to his and sighed softly as their mouths met. The kiss was light and fleeting, a promise of what could be had they met in another time and place. They broke apart and pressed their foreheads together as breath and pulse steadied. "Thank you," she whispered and pressed her fingers affectionately against his cheek. "I can't repay you for what you've done." "Just be safe," he returned just as quietly. "That's all the repayment I need. If you can, let me know that you're okay." She took a few hesitant steps away and then turned back. "What about you?" She asked quietly. "Will you be okay?" His cocky grin gleamed white in the darkness. "Don't worry about me," he stated. "I always land on my feet. It's what I do. I'm known for it." She cocked her head inquiringly, "Do I finally get to find out what they call you? It's only fair. You know mine." Peeta laughed softly and let his hands find hers once more. "Yes, I do know yours. The irony is thick considering what has happened." She gave him a puzzled look which brought forth another low laugh. "Phoenix. They call me phoenix. I have a habit of getting out of situations that would burn others to the ground. They think that I have to have the fire to keep going. Maybe they were right?" It was her turn to grin widely. "Maybe so," she stated. "Thank you, Peeta, for everything." She kissed him once more, softly and warmly before pulling away. "Good bye." His low reply was lost in the freshening wind that brought with it carrying voices. He waved her onward and watched wistfully as she gave him a last lingering look before disappearing into the darkness. He stared after her for many long moments, his heart tripping uneasily in his chest. Once she was safely gone, he headed back. He didn't think about what awaited him once Haymitch found out what he had done. He thought of the girl. He thought of promises kept and possibilities unseen. He thought of stolen kisses and memories that grew more precious with each passing breath. He would pay a price for letting her go. It was worth it, he decided. More than worth any price he had to pay. XOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXO Two weeks later, the package arrived. Peeta stared at it unblinkingly until a cleared throat pulled his attention back to the present. Finnick stood just inside the door watching him carefully. He gave the man a lopsided grin and motioned for him to take a seat. "Are you going to open it?" Finnick asked as he took his seat. Peeta shrugged as his eyes found the package once more. "I don't know. I want to but I don't know if I should." Finnick rolled his eyes and laughed at the irate expression that crossed Peeta's face. "You risked everything for her. You took a big chance that could have blown up in your face. But you're still here, Peeta. You owe it to yourself to see it through to the end. Open the damned box." He climbed to his feet and headed for the door. Catching sight of Peeta's evident surprise, Finnick chuckled. "I'll leave you to it but I expect a full report later." Peeta snorted but gave him a small appreciative nod. The door clicked shut behind his friend and brought Peeta's attention back to the innocuous box sitting on the table. He wrangled his courage and tore into the box, flinging paper and Styrofoam packing material aside. The smaller box was buried within and easily overlooked. He pulled it out and set it on the table before him. Pushing back the lid, he let out a bark of laughter at the dull gleam of gold that caught and refracted the light. He removed the Mockingjay pin from its nest of white velvet and cradled it lovingly in his hands. He started at the feel of something softer than metal beneath his fingers. Turning the pin over, he spotted the small black dot nestled into the stylized feathers on the birds arching back. Peeta grinned and went to his desk to retrieve a small set of tweezers from a drawer. He carefully removed the dot and looked at it closely. Just as he thought. He pulled out a clean piece of paper, laid it flat on the desktop, and flicked on the lamp. He then brought the tiny sliver of plastic into the beam and waited. The words projected on the page were haphazard and almost illegible. To Peeta, however, they were as clear as a midday sky. In slanted scrawl, he read 'I'm a wide open book.' Below the line were an address and a time. He let out a relieved breath followed by a delighted laugh. Committing the information to memory, he smashed the chip and ground the pieces into dust. He was on his way out when he heard someone shouting his name. Turning back, he met Finnick Odair's amused gaze. "Did you find what you were looking for?" Finnick asked laughingly. Peeta grinned, "Yeah, I think I did. Sorry to run off but I've got somewhere I've got to be. I left Haymitch a little present on my desk. Make sure he gets it." "I'll bet you do," Finnick said. "I'll take care of it." He waved Peeta away lazily. "Go on. Get out of here." Peeta turned away again only to stop at the sound of Finnnick's mocking laughter. He gave his friend an exasperated look which only caused Finnick to laugh harder. "Tell her I'm a fan of her work and that she shouldn't be a stranger," Finnick announced. "I'll see what I can do," Peeta grinned and headed for the door once more. He had places to go...and his girl with the braid to see.