others is not acceptable! You will not be allowed to shower; you will remain in those clothes as punishment for this behaviour." The school mistress turned on her heals and left the shed. Yep that was the worse thing about the sheds. District 11 Rosy's back cracked as she stood up. "Ah!" "Get back to it! Shut up!" The peacekeeper shouted to her and made a cruel motion with his guard stick. Rosy leaned down and searched the orchard floor for more apple windfalls. Her arms were burning and she felt ready to drop but the peacekeepers were relentless and any unscheduled stop was met with verbal abuse and physical pain. She missed being in the treetops picking the fruit, when she turned 15 last year she had finally grown too tall for the job and it was given to one of the little ones, now she spent her days bent double staring at the orchard floor. A whistle gave the signal to stand and head to the meeting point. Capitol officials awaited them and took their blood to register their attendance at the pre-reaping draw. District 11 was too large for everyone to be in the town square at once so they had sub drawings in the morning and those who were not drawn worked the rest of the day. Rosy queued patiently, the way she did everything, she saw the officials direct those in front of her, if the machine beeped when it took your blood you were sent to the square for the official reaping and if it stayed silent you went back to work. A disturbance behind her made her turn. "Get off me! I only took one!" Eli, a boy from her street was ripped from the queue. The apple in his hand said it all, Eli had made the foolish decision to steal, the apple looked wormy and unappetising but stealing was banned. There and then the peacekeepers pulled out their guard sticks and beat him until he could no longer scream. They dragged him to the front of the queue and thrust his finger onto the datapad- once they heard the beep they threw him into the cluster of people waiting to go into justice square for the reaping. Rosy realised that, if he had not been selected for the main draw, Eli would have been hanged for theft- at 15 you became eligible for the death penalty. The hunger games may have saved his life! "Left please" The official repeated. Rosy looked down and came back to reality, the datapad had beeped and she was being herded towards Eli's group. Oh God, she thought, I just want to go back to picking apples. District 12 "Get back here!" Ginny called as the boy sped away from her stall, he clutched a parcel of goat's cheese to his chest. A peacekeeper gave chase but no doubt he'd just keep the cheese if he caught the boy. Great, that's money down the drain. She groaned as she thought of how her parents would punish her when she got home. The square was starting to shut up now, traders with fresh produce had opened up shops and stalls early as always but now it was mid-morning and everyone was getting ready for the reaping. Lots of merchants didn't open at all on reaping day but Ginny's parents had insisted that they try to sell some of the cheeses which were on the cusp of going bad. Ginny had been happy to try as she hated eating food once it had gone bad and that was all they ever seemed to eat these days. Workers were climbing up ladders hanging bunting and flags to demonstrate the patriotism of district 12, they couldn't leave them up all year or someone would steal them and sell the cloth at the Hob. Ginny got home to find her parents working in the vegetable garden, they were angry about the cheese but she didn't get a slap. They must be feeling sentimental today, she thought. Ginny dressed in something threadbare but smart and ate some of the unsold cheese. She sat in silence in her room looking around, wondering if this was it, the last time she would look in her little mirror or run her hands over her bedspread. After an hour or so of wringing her hands and waiting, her father knocked at the door. Time to go Baulk ran as fast as he could, clutching the cheese to his chest. The peacekeeper was losing stamina; he was one of the older ones who'd rather be drinking another glass of sprits than chasing yet another miscreant. He reached the Seam and hid amongst the shacks, panting and listening for the sound of approaching footsteps but none came, a good job as Baulk's stomach rumbles were so loud they would surely have given him away. Baulk got back home to find his mother bathing one of the little ones in a bucket whilst his father slept on the chair; the mines were shut on reaping day so he had worked through the night. His mother smiled when she saw the parcel of cheese and patted his shoulder when he added his other misbegotten wares from a morning pinching from market stalls, two apples, a small bread roll and a fish. His father would sometimes scold him gently for stealing from merchants but they were all too hungry to really complain, there were 5 children and his father's wage paid for very little. Tesserae and theft were the only reasons they hadn't starved. His mother cut the apples, bread and cheese up into little portions and handed it out. Baulk looked around at the gaunt faces of his family, he would go out later and try the bins at the back of the merchant streets, perhaps then they could eat another meal tonight, maybe just once they would sleep without the pain of hunger. He could hope at least anyway.