courts. No one mourned for old man Cray. " Are you, Are you Coming to the tree Where they strung up a man they say murdered three. Strange things did happen here No stranger would it be If we met up at midnight in the hanging tree." Katniss sung out softly into the dead of night as she grasped the rope in her hand, she looked up into the large oak tree in her back yard. Looking around she knew no one could see her, Cray had put up a rather tall wooden privacy fence a few years back. She sighed as she gripped the bark around the trunk of the tree and began to scale it. " Are you, are you Coming to the tree Where the dead man called out for his love to flee. Strange things did happen here No stranger would it be If we met up at midnight in the hanging tree." She was perched on the thickest limb that she first came across and began to tie knots into the rope, it burned in her hands as she dragged her fingers across it. " Are you, are you Coming to the tree Where I told you to run, so we'd both be free. Strange things did happen here No stranger would it be If we met up at midnight in the hanging tree." Katniss then fashioned the rope to the limb, tugging on it to ensure it was tight and sturdy. Taking a deep breathe she looked out across the street staring at the Mellark household. She was so ashamed, she had ran out on him that night. Locked herself in her room until Cray came home, then she locked herself in the bathroom. She brought the noose she had tied to drape over her head and rest on her shoulders, she continued to sing the final verse as she tightened the rope against her neck. " Are you, are you Coming to the tree Wear a necklace of rope, side by side with me. Strange things did happen here No stranger would it be If we met up at midnight in the hanging tree." Her feet dangled over the edge and her heart raced as she braced herself to allow her body to drop, knowing the pull when the slack cut would break her neck and probably kill her instantly. Relief. " Well if you're going to do it, then drop already so I can call the county morgue to come take you off my hands." She looked down and there he was, the disgusting pig her mother had allowed to ruin her life. Then she seen the one thing, or rather the one person, she wasn't expecting. Peeta. He was stalking his way through the back door of her house and into the grass of her backyard for the first time in eight years, and he did not look happy. " I'm going to fucking kill him." The words rang through her mind and her breath hitched. He had at one time told her he would do anything for her. Anything. " You fucking bastard!" The words had slipped off his tongue and Cray spun around to face the teenage boy, who, honestly was much larger in stature than Cray. Peeta swung out and punched him in the face, sending Cray to the ground below her in the tree. " So, she told you?" He was laughing maniacally as he looked up to catch her eyes. Katniss shook her head to gesture that no she hadn't said a damn word. No Peeta was a smart boy she hadn't had to say a word after he seen her reaction when they had sex for the first time. His actions closely mirroring the moves Cray had made the first night he came to her. "No." He seemed to contemplate something and then his mouth twisted into a sadistic smile. "Oh, I see, you managed to get her to have sex with you. But it was me she was thinking of huh?" He sounded so smug and proud of himself. She thought she was going to be sick. That was the last straw for Peeta, he quickly put his wrestling skills to use and was on top of Cray, pinning him to the ground. Then he grabbed him by his shirt and lifted and then slammed him into the ground repeatedly until he fell unconscious. Peeta lifted his head and locked with Katniss, his eyes growing wide as he realized what she had been up, his eyes immediately filling with sorrow. Her heart sank and she lost her resolve to do the unthinkable. " Katniss, please come down." She loosened the noose and removed it from her neck and shimmied her way down to the ground where Peeta enveloped her in his warm embrace. "I promised you I would always take care of you. And I will." In this moment, Katniss knew that every action, every move ever made in her life had been propelling her forward towards this very moment ever since her father had died. Peeta and Katniss worked in silence as they managed to string up Cray's unconscious body, shoving him from the branch seconds after he regained consciousness. They heard his neck snap and Peeta wrote the note while Katniss retrieved a nail and hammer. The two of them made love underneath that tree, listening to the creaking of the rope, Cray's lifeless body swaying in the breeze before they called the authorities saying they found him hanging from the tree after returning home. A/N: I know kind of sadistic, but the idea came to me one night and it just wouldn't leave me alone. It took a week to gather up the courage to even begin writing it. Then the story played out in my mind, Katniss's life, and I knew the story had to be told. I hope at least one person will enjoy the story I have told.