currently neglected, now crawling along the strong angles of his jaws. Hands appear in front of him presenting more alcohol, and plenty of words of encouragement from his friends. Someone ruffles his hair with such force that his head lunges forward and almost smacks against the table. He could feel someone place two hands on both his shoulders as he is suddenly pulled back upright. "Peeta, pull your shit together man, and have fun," Cinna breathes alcohol right into his ear from behind. "Pure, unadulterated fun." He gestures towards the scantily dressed woman gyrating on the stage. He lets go of his shoulders and reclaims his seat beside Peeta, glancing at him. "You look like you're grieving." "He should be, if you ask me," Haymitch pipes in from across the table, a pile of empty shot glasses accumulating in front of him. "Oh it's over," he overemphasizes each word in misery, then switches his focus of interest on a blonde stripper on the stage. "Boys, calm your panties down, I have a headache," Peeta says as he pinches the bridge of his nose with his fingers. His hand comes up to refuse another shot of tequila being shoved in front of him. "I'm done!" "No...this is Peeta's...," Marvel cuts in and pauses to let out a high-pitched hiccup. "Peeta's last night of freedom, man. This is it. Mellark is...!" Another hiccup. "Mellark is finally gonna get freakin' hitched!" he blurts and hoots, swinging his mug of beer towards Peeta and spilling some of it on his face too. Marvel is not officially drunk until he hiccups. "Are you, Peeta Mellark, prepared to be stuck with only one woman for the rest of your life?" Haymitch mumbles, imitating a priest, eyes still glued to the dancing bodies on the platform. "I plan to get married when I'm twenty-six as well. Kids by twenty-eight. Won't wait that long," Marvel takes a swig of his freshly restocked beer. "I would you know, like to be able to still play ball with the little ones, be able to run after them and stuff." He drops his mug on the table with fury and flashes everyone a smile. "Dude you sound like a chick," Cinna glares at him with an amused look. "Let me guess, you proposed to her on a gondola during a tender moment in the middle of the Venetian lagoons?" Haymitch asks Peeta. "Actually, no, we were in Paris on the Eiffel Tower," Peeta responds seriously, studying the rim of his glass. He turns up to look straight at Haymitch. "It was raining in drizzles. She loves Paris." The group suddenly bursts out in half mockery and half approval. "You're a sucker!" "Well that's what she's always wanted to do! I was about to kneel down on the floor in The Keg!" Peeta tries to talk over the hollering. His friends continue to laugh and offer him more drinks. As soon as a new set of music starts to play, a new group of strippers take their turn. Cinna stands up again and grabs Peeta's arm and drags him off his chair, leading him to the stage. Peeta stumbles and knocks into Cinna as he tries to grab chairs along the way for support, not hiding the trouble he is having with balance. They stop right below the stage and Cinna folds a fifty dollar bill and jams it into Peeta's hand. They eye a leggy stripper wearing fuchsia tie-front one piece outfit, all her hair tucked underneath an oversized cowboy hat, with her back turned to the stage as she works the pole in front of her. Cinna grins at Peeta and slaps his back. "You know what they say about saving horses!" Peeta looks up at the stripper, mainly the curves of her ass and hips swerving side to side, his head unsteady from alcohol consumption. He is immobile, and looks mesmerized, as the stripper rubs herself up and down the pole, working the muscles of her back. He could hear Marvel making an embarrassing variety of noises in the back. "Well, come on! I gave you the power of Ulysses Grant, buddy," Cinna goads him on. Peeta takes another swipe at his stubbles as he takes a step forward closer to the stage. He starts to breathe heavily, the sounds beating into his head as he shakes it back and forth. He has had more than enough mix of different alcohol he could handle, and now he couldn't even keep the lids from dropping over his eyes. His hand curls into a fist as it comes up to cover his mouth when he clears his throat. The stripper still has not turned around and keeps one hand on the pole and the other pulling down the cowboy hat over her eyes, lowering herself and squatting on the stage. She sticks her ass out even more in Peeta's face, and he is entranced by the amount of skin ready for him to be touched, dangerously close to his reach. He scrunches the fifty dollar bill in his grasp and starts to reach out towards the fluid bodily movements in front of him, aiming for the spot on the round of her hip. The stripper's back arches majestically as she remains squatting down, one hand still on the pole, her head tilting up and backwards to look at Peeta until her cowboy hat falls off and long, wavy hair pour down her back and almost grazes the floor. Peeta blinks as she locks her gaze on him, both exchanging a short flicker of recognition, the cowboy hat now forgotten. His eyebrows furrow as he recalls those eyes. Those lips. His breath hitches in his throat. "Katniss?" She intakes a sharp fill of air as her hand loses its grip around the dancing pole and falls completely and gracelessly in reverse, her back making a sickening loud thud against the platform and the tips of her long hair brushing against Peeta's shirt.