becomes my mantra. That is the easy part because despite everything I do love Katniss. The hard part will come later. Eventually, I will have to convince Panem that Katniss loves me. DEPRESSION I finally make it back to my house and go upstairs to my studio. I need the release that painting gives me. It's the only thing that has kept me sane since coming home. I have nightmares and dreams where I watch her die or she's taken away and I'm powerless to prevent it. I don't' wake up screaming like she does. I wake up frozen, unable to move, while my brain furiously tries to process that I've let her go. The cold pillow does little to reassure me in the still depths of night. Sometimes, I sit for hours in my window watching her light to convince myself that my dream was in fact just that. When that doesn't work, I paint. It's not like I get a thrill out of reliving every moment in that Arena, I don't. But sometimes, it's all I have to hold on to. My blank canvas taunts me. Usually, my hand moves before my mind even realizes what the scene is supposed to be. Sometimes it is a pleasant surprise when a pretty landscape or treasured memory blooms on the paper. Other times, I can't even look at it. The horrors and half realized fears that my mind makes up in the dark find their way onto the easel. I don't try to stop myself when this happens. I just let my brush go where it will and then put the finished product with the stack of others that I don't want to look at. Today, the lines and curves won't come. His words and her face block every other thought from my head. I can't push them out and I can't let them in. I'm stuck in a half-life where everything gnaws and tears, like the Mutt that tore open my leg. The one thing that brings me peace now cuts like glass. I catch a glimpse of movement out of the corner of my eye and swing around. The brush has become a weapon in my hand as I search for the enemy. The only thing that meets my gaze is my own eyes staring back at me from the mirror across the room. The sight startles me and gives me pause. Who is this person wearing my face? Where did he come from and more importantly where did I go? I walk closer to the mirror, noting the changes since the last time I looked. Thinner face, hollow eyes, permanent worry lines creasing my forehead. Is this my face now? I used to smile. I remember that. Standing here now looking at familiar features wearing a stranger's face, it hits me. I didn't want to become a piece in their games. I wanted to keep myself if I lost every other thing including my life. I still wanted to be me when it happened. But that's not me in the mirror. I don't know who it is. My hand moves before I realize it and once more a musical tinkling fills the room. Blood flows in a thick winding stream from my cut palm and down over my fingers. I look at it curiously for a moment and then turn away from the twisted, broken frame. The empty canvas beckons and I surrender to it. I'm finally able to fill up that space. The peace of that freedom fills me and floods out all doubt and uncertainty. Lifting my hand with the gore dripping off my fingers, I trace lines on the white. Soon my own face looks back at me, the face that I remember from before. Drawn in my own blood and by my own hand. Maybe I didn't lose myself after all. Acceptance I'm no healer but I manage to clean up my hand fairly well before setting out on my next task. The cuts weren't deep enough to require stitches. Thankfully, I'm able to clean them and make sure that no glass remains before applying tiny winged bandages to hold the ends together. The hand will be sore but I welcome that pain. It is the price that I pay for the strength to do what I must. I wrap my hand up and tie it securely before changing my shirt. This plan might not be my best but it feels right. It is up to me to make the first move. She will never open the door that she slammed firmly in my face on the train. She made her decision and now I have to make mine. I take a few moments to push my hair into some semblance of order. I put on my shoes, making sure that the laces are double knotted. I fill up a bag with loaves of bread still warm from the oven and put a few cheese buns in for good measure. I know that they will be welcome even if I'm not. Taking a deep breath and one last glance at my latest creation, I pick up my stuff and head for the door. This first step will be the hardest but it is necessary. I can't let things go on the way they have these last few months. Too much is riding on what happens next. With that thought firmly in mind, I cross the street and climb her stairs. My hand trembles as I knock firmly. The door opens and my heart trips against my ribs for a moment before I register a soft pair of blue eyes gazing up at me. I stifle the little flair of disappointment and plaster a smile on my face. "Hi, Prim," I say as cheerily as I can. "I brought you something." She smiles and swings the door wider, welcoming me in. I step inside and the door slams closed behind me. End Part 1