elegantally. When I looked in the mirror when they were finished I noticed I had tears in my eyes. "You look absolutely gorgeous" Trin said as he looked at me, standing there in awe of a simple girl, yet one i didn't recognize. My partner was in a deep green outfit that nicely complimented my dress and they even placed the same leaves in Dilon's hair. When we are all ready we are escorted to the barn where we meet up and wait in our horse-drawn cart for the opening ceremonies to begin. This is the first time that Dilon and I are going to be truly by ourselves. Just the two of us. It was awkward being in the cart with just Dilon. I mean we don't even know each other. I've seen him around school a couple of times but I've never spoken to him. Unlike the others in our grade, Dilon and I are both shy and don't interact well with other people. I mean I used to but after my father's death it affected me greatly to the point where I just kept to myself most of the time. Sittin here next to my district tribute was filled with awkward silence and shy glances as we sat there not knowing what to say. Finally I stepped out of my shell and said, "I like your outfit that your stylist chose for you." Dilon smiled and looked at me. "Thanks. I really like your outfit as well. I love how they.." I never found found out what he was going to say because it was almost our turn to head out of the gates into the crowd of people waiting for us. As soon as it was our turn I tried my best to smile all the time, waving to the people, and making myself likeable. Not something too hard for me. When I want to be I can really shine. As long as I don't have to speak a lot I can put on a happy face. Throughout the ride to the center of the square I caught the looks of the citizens that seemed to adorn Dilon and I's simple but elegant looks. I caught a glimpse of us on screen and I was taken away by how beautiful we both looked. Once in the square President Snow came out and addressed the crowd, giving the same speech he gives each year. After the opening ceremonies were done we rode off in the carts where we met up with our mentor and stylists. Raylin, Janey, and Trin all had many words of praise for the two of us. "You two looked truly elegant and unbelieveable out there!" I smiled and looked into Trin's eyes. "Thanks. Though its all thanks to you. If I looked how I normally look any day back in district 11 nobody would've even glanced my way." Dilon looks at me and smiles. "You were amazing out there. The crowd seemed to love you." Thankfully at that moment we were escorted back to our living quarters because I had no idea how to react or respond to Dilon's comment. Like I said, I'm better at shining silently then showing those same emotions in words. Once back we are escorted off to our rooms and thankfully our mentor does all the talking about starting training tomorrow so it doesn't leave any time for Dilon and I to talk. Which is good because I have no idea what to say. Once we reach my room I say goodnight to everyone and sit on the bed. I didn't realize how exhausted I truly was until I find that I fall asleep ontop of the covers and in clothes still within minutes. In the morning I'm awakened by an avox who gets me up out of bed and gets my shower started for me. I take a quick shower before heading down to the dining room. Once at the dining room I find my group and sit down and listen in on their conversations. Raylin was talking about group training today. "when there, don't show off what you have. Do something your not so good at. Save your special skills for the private session. I nod letting him I understood, still not in the mood for talking. Though really, when am I in the mood for talking? After Dilon and I eat our meal, we are escorted into the training center where meet up with the other 22 tributes. The sight of seeing all the other tributes scared me. Even though I'm 17, the majority of the other tributes are at least double my size. I guess that Dilon noticed this too because he looked over at me and smiled comfortingly. The instructor gave us instructions on what we could and could not do while in the training center then dismissed us. I headed towards the firestarting station. I've never really had a reason to start a fire before except to use it as heat like for our fireplace but even with that background it still took me quite some time to get the fire going. After I made the fire I headed over to the hand to hand combat station and failed tremendously at tying to harm the instructor of the station. Let's just say I'm going to have quite a few bruises. Next I tried the knife throwing station and I'm not kidding, I seriously almost took my own foot off twice. Needless to say the instructor made me leave the station before I got injured. As I walked around trying to see what station to go to next i felt all the others snickering at me as I passed and whispering to each other. I'm sure I looked like a strong competitor there but that's only because I can't do the stations that I'm really good at. Just wait til the private sessions. That's where I'll be able to truly show my talents.