her. She caressed the tanned, weatherbeaten skin, the dry lips. She ran her fingers through short, raggedy hair. What had happened to the immaculate complexion of this year's victor? Or even the homey good looks that graced the hand-carved frames lining the wall along the stairs? All of it gone, along with the company of her family during her daily vigils at the beach. In fact only one person ever visited her anymore. "Good morning, Annie." She told herself it was just as well because Finnick was the only person she could respond to with anything but a variation of, "drowning, drowning." Knees drawn, Annie watched her finger trailing spirals through the sand. "Is that who I am?" "Sure." Finnick bit into his apple with perfect ease, like she'd just asked him the time. "Who else would you be?" She shrugged. "I don't know. There's these old pictures of me in the house. Sometimes I look at them and I…." She swallowed back a growing lump. "I don't think that the Annie Cresta in those pictures would scream at shadows and butcher her own hair." "Probably not." He sat down. "But that was Annie Cresta before the Hunger Games." Annie laid her chin on her knees, her face set towards him. "And what about the Annie Cresta after?" "Look, no one likes to face the fact, especially the families of victors, that we all walk out of that arena a different person." "I guess that's true." "Of course it's true." He threw the leftover core into the water, where it was attacked by a flurry of gulls. "And sometimes…" "Sometimes what?" "Let's just say sometimes it takes awhile to find your new patterns." Annie chewed on this. "So all of this …" she tilted her head at the sea, "these are going to be my new patterns?" She stared out into the waters. Beads of tears, by now an endemic feature of her face, rolled silently down, the salt stinging her cracked, brown cheeks. Finnick laid a hand on her back. "Not this exactly." "I want to be who they want me to be. Who they remember. They want back what the Capitol took from them, and so do I." "That's impossible." He rubbed the space between her shoulder blades for a moment as she wiped her eyes. "For one, the Capitol never gives anything back. For another…" He shook his head. "I remember what it was like right after the games. You think you're going crazy, but you need to think of it more like being in a chrysalis. You won't come out exactly who you were before, but whoever does come out – it will still be you, it will still have some of the old parts of you." "I'm not sure I believe you." "Believe me." She flicked her eyes to him. "Okay. So what are these 'old parts' of you that you kept?" He stifled a laugh. "Well, Annie." But he couldn't contain his smile. "Would you believe that even before the Sixty-fifth Hunger games I was just as devastatingly handsome?" Despite herself, her lips twitched. "I might." He held a hand over his heart. "I'm wounded." "What else?" "If you can, try to picture me six years ago with the same amount of attractive confidence." "Definitely yes." Her first full smile since the reaping. "But I think most people call it arrogance." Then she laughed, a strangling laugh that fought for a foothold after so much disuse, but a small step towards feeling more like herself – or rather not-herself – the girl who she was and was no longer converging upon the only version of Annie Cresta she could possibly be post-arena. "See? You're starting to emerge from the cocoon already." He pointed to her back. "Any wings yet?" She sighed. "Ask me after my victory tour." Annie wished she hadn't said it. The mention of their return visit to the Capitol cast a pall over Finnick's features, his good humor evaporated. "We won't ever get away from it." Finnick's voice struggled, as if submerged in the deep. "It defines us in the ways that matter most." He paused, then said evenly, "But I mean...even if the arena breaks us, we can decide who we'll be when we put ourselves back together." He kissed her temple. "Give it time." She gave no reply. In time he asked, "Do you want to go into the water?" He asked her this everyday. Everyday she said no. Today she said: "I want to try." He stood and offered a hand, helped her to her feet. He coaxed her closer and closer to the water. By midday her toes swam in the lapping waves. By dusk she stood waist deep, legs numb as ice but feeling more life than she had in months. Far off a gleaming sun dipped into darkening waters and she watched him, her mentor. She observed the rosey light that played in his hair, the shadows that danced on his face that had nothing to do with the waning sunlight. He was nothing like all the boys she could have loved, would have loved, if it hadn't been for a hand that plucked one slip of paper with her name out of ten thousand others. He took her hand and kissed her fingers. "I'm glad it was you, Annie." And it struck her that he could say the same thing about her. "Finnick Odair, do you love me?" He stared at her, eyes like saucers, like a slap in the face. "Annie...I think you're the only girl I could have ever loved." They stood hand in hand in the water END So I've always been a bit fascinated by the many parallels between Finnick/Annie and Katniss/Peeta. It is my contention that if Katniss never went to the Hunger Games, she likely would have ended up with Gale, and I wanted to do a play on that for Annie and Finnick. Thanks for reading :)