to my chest. The sounds that come from my mouth are dreadful but I have not the power to stop them. " Mamie ," I gasp, "Please don't die." A stupid thing to say really, but all that I can muster at the moment. "Hush, now." She whispers to me. "My darling is far too comely to cry at such silly things." A fresh round of tears surface. "But it isn't silly! You're dying! You're to leave me, I can feel it!" At that, I can feel her hands brush back tendrils of my hair, and she wills me to look at her which of course I cannot do. "Primrose," she says. I shake my head with fervor, refusing to respond. " Primrose." This time, her tone turns sternly and strong. "Look at me." Slowly, I bring my face in level with hers. Her chin is turned up and her eyes are focused on me with an intensity that is alluring. Then the façade is dropped, she returns to that of comfort and love. Raising a finger to my face she swipes at the tears that have yet to cease their falling and places a kiss to my fore head. "Do you remember your old cat, oh, what was his name? Ah, yes. Buttercup?" she questions. How could I forget. My faithful feline companion for more than a decade. I had discovered him among the violets and gardenias in the court yard one evening. For I had heard the rustling of leaves in the bush and as the senseless child I was, pulled him out from under the prickles and weeds. He was a nasty thing; vomit color supplanted his fur, one ear was half chewed off, a puss filled eye and a foul odor that stuck with him for fortnights after. Regardless, I overlooked his flaws and loved that thing for a long while after. He was my first friend. "And," she continues, "Do you recall how devastated you were when he died." A heartbroken soul I was, awoken to a lifeless carcass of my most dependable friend. I had spent many days in my bed after that. "And, what did I tell you?" I swallow. "Death is but a stepping stone in the path of which we shall encounter." A pause. "It isn't to be feared, but to be awaited upon." "Finish, love." she encourages. "And…And one day, where tears will cease and sadness will succumb to laughter. There we will be, happy at long last." I shake my head. "But a child I am naught, Madame." She clucks her tongue. "And so you aren't, my dear." She smiles which saddens me more so. "You are a young lady, of ten-and-seven. Lovely as they come." I clutch her arm, willing her to stop. "And I have brought you up well and after." " Mamie-" "My time is near and there is little that may be done to stop it." At this point, the tears are dried and my heart aches and ache that I've not experienced before. I look at my grandmother and she looks weary. Ready to be with her husband and my father and mother, once again. Mayhap, I have been self-regarding in this matter of life and death. Mayhap, she need to rest. She looks to me suddenly. "I love you, so very much." What I feel is the equivalent of being stabbed. How painfully ironic I find it to be that I compare my pain to is death itself; the one thing I loathe so much. "I love you all the same." It is over, I think , it is finished. She will die here, at this very moment. And I will have nothing. I will have no one. She lies back onto her cushion, and surely I think that I will fall with grief unbeknownst to any other being. She shuts her eyes. "Fetch me the gray box atop my vanity." She whispers to me. I nod numbly. Numb. All I feel now is numb. Helpless to halt the inventible from occurring. I stand and trudge towards the vanity. My steps echo through the room and out onto the corridors. Absurdly loud in comparison to the silence we've endured. I retrieve the chest from the surface of the wood it was seated upon and once again fall onto the covers across from me grandmother. She takes it from me blowing specks of dust off the top. I have seen it many times and have been more than inquiring about its significant presence in the palace. For we possess many a things more valued and pristine than that. Nonetheless, it is unique in its retrospective sense. A silver thing, lined with jewels of color. My grandmother grasps it with such caution, it astounds me. Slowly, she flips the top open, revealing an object concealed by leather, tied with burlap rope. She places the silver box onto her bed and unties the rope, exposing… "A glass slipper?" My voice is tight with wonder and awe, as such a feat has never been known to be accomplished in this age or the last. A shoe entirely made of glass is hearsay, or at least was. My eyebrows furrow in utter confusion and as I look at Mamie, she only stares and smiles. "Let me tell you a story. The very last one." She whispers to me. Drawing me nearer, she cradles my head near the shoe and sighs. "Now, what are the words again..." she hums to herself. "Oh. Right then, well. Once upon a time, there was girl and then there was a boy, and then there was a race…" A/N what do you think? So far so good? Well this was the preface or the sneak peek to what will soon be coming. It will take awhile before full chapters are up and ready to read but in the mean time please review and tell me what you think! Thank you for reading! :)