she has lived, Katniss can count on one hand the number of people who have visited. That number includes Ripper making trips for Haymitch. She knocks on the Maxon's door and not a moment later Nevyn opens it, a puzzled but welcoming look on his face. Nevyn Maxon is the type of boy that even a merchant girl could bring to her mother and get a blessing. Swift and handsome, he is and if Katniss wasn't one of those types of girls, she is sure she would be swooning along with the rest of them. However, he isn't one for much talking. Talking about his personal life; it's a seam thing. This is part of the reason why she finds it odd how he willingly professed his love to the nation. "Hello, Katniss," he slowly smiles. "I'm here to bring Soren some tea," Katniss gets to the point. "It helps soothe and I thought it would help her in her pregnancy." The tall boy nods once and opens the door for her to enter. She's never been inside one of these before; they are even larger than the largest houses in town, but Nevyn ushers her to where Soren is slumped over a table in the kitchen. She looks tired again and Katniss sees Nevyn's sad facial expression as he goes over and gently rubs her back. "Someone's here to see you," he mumbles against her hair, kissing her forehead and she looks up momentarily stunned. She knows why Katniss is there. The girl with the braid holds up the small bag. "I brought you some herbs for tea." Soren rises, and her hands automatically go to support her back. At her own house, Katniss hadn't realized just how pregnant she really was but now, clad in a thin dress, her stomach sticks out wide and full. Nevyn helps her make her way to the shorter girl. "I've got it," she chides at him playfully. "He's such a fuss and I still have three more months to go!" Her laugh is too loud, too high. Something isn't right. "Come," Soren takes Katniss' hand and leads her out the back door into the yard. "Let's sit outside, it's a lovely day for spring." Katniss follows her out and behind a large tree where three chairs hide along with a small table. Soren grimaces as she sits down and Katniss plops into her own. "Soren, what is going on?" She jumps right to the chase. Soren seems to be her old self again. The act weighing heavily on her shoulders. "The house is bugged." Katniss blinks. "President Snow bugged them all; he's always listening, so we come out here to talk." Katniss doesn't bother to inquire on the we part of the sentence and presses on. "What is happening to the merchant girls? What is causing it?" Soren is quiet for a moment and she eyes an ant crawling up the foot of her seat. She takes a deep breath. "This is what I know, Katniss," she begins. "I know that we made President Snow look like a fool in front of his nation. I know that we tried to make it up to him. We got married." She folds a hand on her stomach. "We got pregnant. We tried to do everything to convince him of our love. But we failed." Katniss doesn't understand. She thought they were actually in love. Was it all an act? Why? For what? "He can't harm us, of course," Soren continues bitterly. "He can't hurt the 'star crossed lovers' and their new family." She looks at the girl in front of her. "But he can harm you." Katniss huffs. "What does that mean ?" "It's a warning!" Soren snaps. Her arms tremble as she tries to collect herself and they hold on to the edge of the table. "They are punishing the district for our actions." Silence. "A consequence?" Katniss wonders aloud and Soren solemnly nods. "I don't know what he plans to do, Katniss," a steady tear slips from her grey eye as she stands to her feet. "But it has begun." As she starts to head back inside, Katniss stands frantic. "But the girls! What's happening to them?" Soren turns around, her head dipped in shame. "When was the last time you saw a peacekeeper out at night." And it hits Katniss. "No," she breathes as she backs away from the yard. As she runs through town and back into the seam. Then she hears it: " This is head Peacekeeper Thread speaking." The voice blares through the few horns in the district. " As of last night, from orders of the Capitol, the peacekeepers of District 12 have full control of all citizens." No no no no! He continues to list all of the new rules in place as Katniss darts through her neighborhood in the Seam. A new curfew. New offerings. She sees mothers taking their children inside of their rickety homes, sons helping their elderly, people bolting their doors and windows. For they all know what this means. It is no secret that the peacekeepers or District 12 are brutal. The only reason, she believes, they are civil was because Snow gave them specific rules they had to abide by, but now that that has been lifted, there is no telling what will happen. No telling how far they will go. The girls are an example of this. They probably picked them off on their way to school or after. Forced them to do unspeakable things. The mayor can't even do anything; Madge is a sore example of this. But why only merchant girls? As she reaches her home, Katniss slams the door once inside and her heart drops as she sees her baby sister on the table; her mother attending to her. It has begun she replays Soren's words in her head and the first gunfire she has heard in ten years rings out. A/N Happy New Year :)