way, I've always loved that necklace." She smiles and doesn't say anything else after that, but she doesn't let go of my hand. Before we know it, before we have any time at all to prepare ourselves the District 11 escort is on the stage and we all fall silent. There is the usual spiel; the video that talks about the crimes of the past and enforces the idea that The Games are the one true way to wipe out rebellion and discord, a speech telling us how excited the President is for this years Games and so on. All of this goes by in the blink of an eye and my heart is starting to beat so loudly that I'm sure everyone around me must be able to hear it. I sneak a look at Taya as they bring the big glass balls with the names in on to the stage. I wonder if she's worried? If she is she certainly doesn't show it. As usual the escort will choose a girls name first. He says something before he begins but I can't hear him, all I can think about is Luca, and myself, and how strange this Capitol man looks with his silvery hair and his gold lamé trousers. I'm focused intently on how shiny and tight his whole appearance is, when I feel Taya let go of my hand. Samara Almas - Reaping District 1 9:01 AM / My whole family piled into the white marble courtyard with only seconds to spare. My brother lost a shoe in all the pushing and shoving and we all found the whole thing to be absolutely hysterical. I mean can you imagine if he was reaped? He'd have to hop on to the train to the Capitol! I grab Marilyn's hand as we push our way to the front of the crowd. I did not spend the morning making myself look this good for no one to see me. I try to make eye contact with the insect-y camera men in the hopes of getting a close up. The whole reaping experience is very different in what the television calls 'the more affluent' districts. It's a celebration here, everyone is so excited and people are laughing and climbing on each others shoulders and just having an amazing time. It's nothing at all like what you see in the recaps of like District 11 or some other depressing place where everyone is miserable. I would hate to be that miserable. I'm so glad I'm from a fun district. I turn to tell Marilyn how happy I am to be from District 1 but as I open my mouth the speak she shushes me. The Escort and the procession of D1 Victors are climbing up on the stage and the raucous cheering of the crowd fades down to an excited hum. "Marilyn, isn't Gloss hot ?!" I whisper, making my sister and the surrounding girls giggle. That's another fun thing about reaping day, all the kids from school are here and all looking gorgeous! So usually after the reaping we'll all go and grab a bite somewhere, which usually turns into drinks, which usually turns into a party. Did I mention I love being from District 1? They're playing the boring video now and I turn to a girl on my left who I know from school, I believe her name is Jade. "So who do you think it'll be this year?" I ask, with all the volunteers and careers you sometimes can predict who's going into the arena before the reaping even happens. "I'm not sure, I think Rider Harkins was talking about wanting to go in." "That cute guy who hangs around the gym a lot?" I say. "Which one?" Says Marilyn and we all burst out laughing. "What about girls? You heard anything?" I ask. "Nope, but I think we're about to find out." she says. We've talked over all the speeches but it looks like it's time for them to announce the tributes. I take a quick breath and Marilyn and I cross our fingers behind our backs, it's a tradition we've had since we were little. Jade is still giggling as the Capitol woman reaches into the ball. "The female tribute representing District 1 this year will be..." Alydia Lewis - Reaping District 6 9:05 / Important events like this always tend to start late in District 6, which is ironic considering we're the transport district and as such should be used to getting things going on time. I don't really know any of the people here so I shuffle my feet awkwardly to pass the time. My sense of dread is growing with each minute that passes and I wish this whole thing would just hurry up. This whole day is traumatic enough, it's cruel to drag it out for even a second longer. Eventually though, the entourage of frightening looking people from the Capitol appear, the lights on the stage go up and the 'show' begins. Now the moment is here when two peoples lives are going to be taken away from them forever. I just hope one of them isn't me. They speed through the speeches and don't bother with the video at all. Perhaps the hold up was because of technical problems, or perhaps they just need to make sure we're on schedule for our broadcast. I don't spend too long worrying about it. Don't let it be me. The mantra begins in my head. Don't let it be me. The escort is on the stage Don't let it be me. He's reaching into the ball Don't let it be me. "Ireland Lerark" "Samara Almas" "Alydia Lewis" Me? It's me?! It's me. So that's it! Did you like it? Did you hate it? Review and let me know! See that little button at the bottom? That's the follow button. Go ahead and click it, you don't wanna miss what happens next do you?