and gently removing my bra. I lie down all the way on the bed and he kisses down my chest, stopping at my almost non-existent breasts. The thing he does with his tongue across my nipples makes me squeal, and I clap my hands over my mouth in horror. Peeta chuckles and continues what he's doing until I'm sighing softly. Heat is blooming everywhere now and I'm feeling antsy, like I want or need something more. I rub my hands over Peeta's shoulders and glance down. He's still wearing his pants, but I can clearly see his excitement. I'm excited too. I press my hands against him, putting an end to his nipple fascination. He gives me a questioning look. I reach down to unbutton my pants. He immediately helps me slide them off, including my underwear. He takes his pants off too and gets back on the bed. He starts to touch me again and I discover I'm ticklish in places and I giggle like a school girl. But then his hand is in a place that no one has ever touched before and it feels like a bomb has just went off inside of me. I'm embarrassed because I want more and the noise that I make sounds like a dying animal. My legs seem to have a mind of their own and they spread wider. Peeta certainly seems to know what he's doing, which makes me wonder how that is possible. But I don't have time to think too much about it because he has removed his hand and he's replaced it with something much bigger than a finger. Much bigger. I'm watching him and this thing that's supposed to go inside me and I'm like…that's never going to fit. "Relax, Katniss," Peeta says and his voice is low and husky sounding and my stomach is doing all kinds of flip flops now. He's brushing himself between my legs and I start moving against him, creating more friction. "Oh," I say and Peeta presses in and down…or is it up? It hurts, a lot. But it's not unbearable. Peeta is going so slow and his breathing sounds like he's in pain. But I know he's not. At least not like I am. And then he's all the way and he moves again, very slowly. It burns, but not so much anymore. He starts kissing me again and I concentrate on his lips, which is nice. But then things start to change a bit down below and it's not so bad anymore. In fact, it actually feels nice. I wrap my arms around Peeta as he continues to move and he's moaning softly. "Oh Katniss," he groans and my heart pounds hearing that. "Peeta," I say, but it's all breathy and I feel my head slowly start to spin. Everything is rocking and the feeling is building, something is happening. I don't know what, but I don't want it to stop. Peeta is panting above me, still doing this slow rocking movement. I start moving against him, speeding up my hips because it feels good and then it gets even better. And then I squeeze myself down there, squeeze around him and it feels amazing and then a wave of something just hits me. I cry out, practically digging my fingers in his shoulders. I know it has to hurt, but I can't stop. Peeta groans loudly and he speeds up, and then he gives a deep shudder. His groans mix with mine and I know we sound ridiculous, but I can't really care about that. And then it seems to end and Peeta collapses on top of me. I can't catch my breath either. I've just had sex for the first time. And it feels like it for sure. I feel messy and sweaty. And there's definitely a dull ache and burn going on somewhere below my stomach. But I don't want to move. I just want to hold Peeta. So I do. HG Sex changes everything. It definitely changed me. For starters, we start having it all the time. And we start doing different things. When I was in school, I'd hear the gossip about the fast girls who went to the slag heap and the things they would do and what the boys would do to them. Peeta did something with his mouth between my legs that made my eyes pop out of my head. I'm still seeing stars. I tried the same for him and even though I wasn't perfect, his reaction was well worth it. The taste wasn't great, but I'd do it again. I felt like I'd do anything for him. I would watch him when he fell asleep, when he would eat his breakfast, when he left the house for the bakery. I couldn't stop staring at him. I couldn't look away. After my hunts, I would go by the bakery and just stare at him some more, under the guise of helping out. He would laugh and my heart would swell. He'd pull some delicious creation out of the oven, sneak a bit to me for a taste and it would be all I could do to keep from riding him there on the counter. I was never a domestic. I was the hunter. But here I was making sure his dinner was ready when he got home. That he had clean clothes. I surprised him with some new paint and canvas for his art work. I touched him constantly and he always reciprocated just as eagerly, his eyes sparkling with delight. I didn't know what was happening to me, but I didn't fight it. It was better than sitting in my own filth and crying about Prim and everything that had gone wrong since my volunteer Reaping. I was happy, both Peeta and I were getting healthier by the day, the district was growing and rebuilding and the bakery was taking off again. And then everything went to hell.