"He knew this was going to happen! He knew !" he exclaimed before sitting himself down by Katniss – a very confused Katniss. "Peeta, I think he was just talking about puberty. It's about that time, isn't it?" Katniss logically explained, nudging his shoulder with hers. "No, that's what I thought at first, but there's no way... He was saying- And then Maybelle got angry when!-" Peeta stumbled on his thoughts. "And then she called my mom trash! " Peeta screamed in a whimper, head falling into his lap, sobbing. Mom, I could really use your help right about now . Katniss brought her chest to Peeta's back, comforting him. "Sh, sh. It's okay, Peet'," she let out. "Let's just forget all this shit happened for now and get some sleep while we can. All right?" She rubbed his back in circles. Peeta wiped at his eyes and sighed. "All right." The two of them found several different bundles of hay to lie upon, crafting two makeshift beds out of the crunchy material. They lay, side by side, attempting to drift off into a much-needed sleep when Katniss spoke. "Peeta?" she asked, simply. "Yeah?" "Do you think..." She paused. "We're gonna make it out of this mess...alive?" Genuine fear and uncertainty plagued her voice, he could tell. Peeta thought for a few moments, not sure whether to lie or not. He wasn't sure either, but something deep down inside told him they would. His sight met the brown ceiling. He spoke with finality. "We don't have a choice." A few hours had passed when the train finally came to a halt. Peeta and Katniss lay quietly asleep, not aware of the sudden change in movement. The sun's rays breaking their way through the crate's wooden door caught Peeta's face, playfully tugging at his consciousness. He rolled onto his side before opening his eyes. It was light out, but not too light. He guessed it must be around six or seven AM. He wasn't fully awake yet. The sound of an old man's voice surely changed that. "Unload the shit from that one, mate. I'll get this one," he said as he slowly approached Peeta's and Katniss's box. Peeta's eye shot open in fear as he shook Katniss awake. "Katniss, get up!" he shouted in a whisper. She grunted and rolled onto her side, facing away from Peeta. "We're about to get our asses caught!" Katniss jumped up, rubbing the sleep out of her eyes. "Well, shit," she eloquently let out. Peeta scanned the area for some place to hide. Surely the man couldn't carry out all that was in this crate in one go. He spotted a large wooden box in the far left corner, grabbed Katniss and ran behind it, as the door came sliding open. Peeta peeked from the side to watch as the man grabbed a few bundles of hay before leaving the site. Peeta crept to the door, looking both ways before jumping out, realizing how stiff his body had become from sleeping on a bundle of horse feed. "Time to go." The two teens walked the sandy roads, out of the ghost town they had arrived in. "Peeta, where exactly are we going?" Katniss asked after they walked for two hours in silence. She looked to Peeta who gave no response. "You don't know, do you?" "Katniss, how am I supposed to know? I don't know everything! I've never been outside of our own town before!" Peeta yelled, snarling at her. Katniss' shoulders dropped, guilt-ridden. "I'm sorry." Peeta came to a stop and shook his head. "Don't be," he sighed. "I'm just...I'm worried. We're in the middle of nowhere. We've got no food. We've got no water. It's as hot as my kitchen during summer time-" At that moment he felt a chill come over him. He looked to his side to see Katniss blowing on him – not freezing him, just cooling him down. He sighed in relief. "Thanks." "I've been doing that to my arms for awhile now. I think I'm getting the hang of it, but it's exhausting," she explained. "No more then. We've gotta keep walking." The two quickened their pace. They walked for hours. They seemed to be in some sort of desert – hills of never-ending sand surrounded them everywhere they looked. The sun was slowly frying their bodies, their brains, and their spirits. "Peeta..." Katniss panted out. "I can't go much further." Peeta looked behind him, catching sight of her body collapsing to the soft, blistering ground. "Katniss!" He ran over to her, moving the sweaty hair out of her face. She was unconscious. Peeta picked her up, carrying her bridal-style before walking again. He looked down to her. "We'll make it out of here. I promise." He kept walking, the added weight of Katniss clearly slowing him down, and adding to his fatigue. Another hour went by before he threw her over his shoulder, deciding this was a much more efficient way of passage. More walking. Peeta felt like he was going insane. Little, sharp needles were pricking every part of his body, unrelenting, laughing at his weakness. At least that's what it felt like. He was running on sheer willpower now, all the water in his body now on top of his salty skin. He began hallucinating: seeing Maybelle with her paddle twenty feet away, smacking it onto her other hand dangerously; his dad with those defeated eyes, but kind smile; his mom with her beautiful golden hair dancing in the wind. Soon after he, too, collapsed, Katniss' body flying from his arms, down to his left side. Peeta began to crawl toward his mother. " Come here, Peeta! " she seemed to mouth. With all that was left in him he crawled, and crawled. He had almost made it to her before going under, his vision tunneling, the sight of his mom the last for some time. His head hit the sand. "Mom...I'm so sorry..."