most terrifying voice I've ever spoken in my life. She finds her rage again and retorts with a sharp voice. "Yes I did you pathetic hood whore. I should wash my hand with bleach for touching that mess on canvas you call a face," she says and I lose whatever miniscule bit of self-control I had in my body. I jump on her causing her to fall to the ground with a loud thud and I smack her as hard as I can. "I am not a hood whore! I am better than that and you damn well know it! You are just upset because you didn't get anything you wanted in life and I, at the tender age of 16, managed to have more good things happen than you have in your entire life! You ever, and I mean ever lay a hand on me, Peeta, or anyone I will personally make sure you die a horrible, agonizing death and make sure you fall into the fiery pits of hell!" u shout as I proceed to hit her, "You know what I can do with a gun! I will make sure you're dead before the next sunrise," I shout and feel a pair of strong arms pry me off of her. I see that it's Rye, Peeta's 18 year old brother and I fight as he hoists me up in the air. "I won't miss! I swear to god I won't miss. Right through the eye!" I shout. As he carries me away I see Mr. Mellark and Bannock try to wake Peeta up and Mandy fights with Mrs. Mellark's unconscious, bloody, swollen body that I know I've caused. And I couldn't be more proud. Rye sets me down in a chair in the back of the kitchen and I explain everything that happened. He wraps his arms around me and I start to cry. I knew that their mother beat them when Peeta told me when we were 13. He had a bruise on his face that he went to my mother for while I was there with her. He told her in private but told her not to say anything or me and Prim would suffer. She eventually told me and I did as he asked and didn't say a word. After my crying fit was done I walked into the kitchen to see Peeta with blood pouring from his head and parts of his body and his face is as pale as snow. "Katniss, get your mother! He's bleeding a lot on won't wake up," Bannock shouts. Maya is pacing nervously and I pick up my phone and nervously call my mother. Her calm tone nearly makes me burst into tears. "Mommy, you need to come to Mellark's Bakery right now. I was over there and then his mom came and yelled at him and then he fell and hit the table and the lamp fell on him and he went unconscious and I beat her and now he won't wake up and mommy I'm so scared please help me please!" I cry to her. By now she can tell something's up because I always call her mama and I have to be really shaken up and scared to call her mommy. I'm crying and shaking as I stare at his lifeless body and Mrs. Mellark who has regained consciousness and is walking up the steps to her room. I hear her tell me an ambulance will be there in 5 minutes and to call my dad. I say okay and call my dad's cell. "Hey sweetie," he says and I basically tell him everything that I told mom. He says he'll be there in a minute and I hang up. I hold onto Rye while Bannock and Mr. Mellark try and keep Peeta breathing. I feel his tears soak my hair and when my mom and dad bound through the doors I start to cry again. "Where's your mom?" he asks Rye. He shakes his head no and I tell him upstairs. His voice is so authoritive that I almost don't recognize him. When he comes back Mrs. Mellark is being supported on his arms and carried to an ambulance along with Peeta. Rye follows the hospital while the others go in the ambulance. He has tears in his eyes and mutters things like 'I should've helped him when it started' and 'she should be dead'. I slightly cringe and out hold the normally happy-go-lucky Rye is becoming darker and darker as the minutes pass. It makes me shrink farther and farther away from him with every comment he makes. I take the time to send a mass text to Gale, Finnick, Annie, Prim, Delly, and Johanna. I make it short, only saying Peeta's unconscious and the address. They know me and him well enough to know that if I'm making it short and snappy so they get the message that something must be wrong. When we get there we find out Peeta's heart stopped twice. We all sit and wait for word on Peeta and the others while I curl into Rye's embrace. Besides Peeta, he's the only Mellark I will allow to comfort me the way I would expect my dad or Prim to. I won't say my mom because I have never been close to her. This is mainly because of when my dad got shot trying to bring down some guy who was holding 30-40 people hostage in a restaurant and was shooting everything and everybody. Surprisingly one of the hostages died but at least 10 cops died and 20 injured. Gale's dad was among them but he had helped me shoot well so I could support my family and he his. When everyone gets her I hug them and tell them everything that happened. After a while I end up on Gale's lap burying my face into his neck that reeks of pine. He was hunting when I texted him.