a rock and readied himself. He had about a minute to say what he needed to say and get her moving. "Rose." He started; she tried to cut him off tears forming in her eyes. Gently placing a finger on her soft lips he continued, "I love you Rose, you need to know that. They won't let either of us live. I want you to run, go to District thirteen it's a shit life but it's a life that you need to live." In the distance voices could be heard and shrubbery crunched underfoot. The peacekeepers were close. Adam reached down and unclipped a small backpack he'd filled with food and supplies and held it out to Rose who stood paralyzed. When she didn't respond he gently put it over her shoulders and clicked the straps across her torso. Forcing back tears he pulled her in and kissed her, they stood in a moment he wished could last for eternity, he pulled away gently; Rose sighed and wrapped her arms tightly around him. "Please don't make me go." She begged, in her heart there was only emptiness. She was about to lose the one person who made her feel safe. Who had taken her and gave her a second chance at life, now he would give his own for her. She pulled him in again kissing him, this time there was a fiery passion behind it he returned it and they stood lips locked, a silent final good bye. The crunching of boots broke them apart, Adam let her go feeling his heart shatter into a thousand pieces. "Go Rose! Go now!" He screamed taking up his position, wedging himself between two rocks. Rose hesitated, taking him in a final time. His short brown hair, pale skin and muscular chest, in his tattooed arms he gripped the rifle and stared intently ahead. Waiting and poised to do what he had trained his whole life to do. He turned and smiled, his face softening. The love in his eyes mixed with acceptance of his own death. Blowing her a final kiss he mouthed a single word: 'Run' Unsure if she would be able to if she left it any longer Rose turned and began to sprint towards the shallow incline leading to the thick scrub, she heard a gently and composed click of Adam disengaging the rifles safety catch. The first gunshot rang out through the valley. The peacekeepers went down like sacks of shit as Adam pulled the trigger over and over, seven rounds tore into the tightly packed group of peacekeepers. White hot fury driving him on, doing the thing he knew how to do best. Fight. The peacekeepers went to ground; he figured there must be a company of them; around thirty men. Peacekeeper tactics revolved around large unit tactics, the Panem guards were taught to operate as an individual as well as a unit. The troops basic tactics may work against a regular army or a group of civilians in an up rising but against elite soldiers like Adam they had no chance. Popping up he switched to fully automatic and let off a burst, allowing him to move to his left a few meters. This maneuver gave him a view of their leader, a lieutenant by the looks of his rank slide. Switching back to semi-automatic Adam double tapped, the rounds punched through the officers helmet snapping his head backwards violently. Quickly the Capitol troops went into disarray, without their leader they had no direction. Two troops tried to take the initiative and advance on his position only to be picked off. Rounds began to buzz around Adam's head as all sense of order went out of the window; they were just spraying his position with ammunition in the hope that by some chance a round would hit him. In a matter of seconds the entire company needed to change magazines, taking this as an opportunity Adam sprung up and slotted three more peacekeepers before ducking and changing magazines on his rifle. A light burst rushed past his head, looks like someone had been listening in training Adam thought rolling onto his stomach and sending another peacekeeper to the next life. A last ditch attempt to get him began. The peacekeepers charged. The tactic, although clandestine and outdated, would spell the end for him. Switching too fully automatic again he rolled onto his stomach and let rip, swaying the AK from side to side slightly. A hellish spray of rounds tore through the leading peacekeepers but the tail of the charge kept surging. Magazine empty Adam rolled back behind the rock and reached into his hip holster, drawing his pistol, a Panem manufactured P27 nine-millimeter pistol and checked the chamber. One final bullet, he'd used the rest rescuing Rose and had promised himself if worst came to worst the last bullet was for him. Pressing the cold metal to his temple Adam wrapped his finger around the trigger and began to apply pressure. Life raced before his closed eyes and when he opened them a moment of serine calm washed over him. Staring into the sky with pollen dancing in the wind Adam decided this was defiantly a pleasant way to die. Taking a final breath he pulled the trigger. A gunshot tore through the forest. Hot sticky blood splattered across his face. In the background a new sound had joined the fight. A light support weapon, the world was turning wavy and he felt sick. Boots rushed over him, but from the wrong direction. A medic knelt next to him and began to work frantically. Fuck off; just let me die Adam thought as black began to invade the outer rim of his vision. A small smile flickered across his face. In the sky Rose's face smiled back at him. Intense white light burned his eyes and he closed them. Feeling death warmly drawing him in he let the blackness envelop him. 1 Military prison