rock from the ground, and when 2 sees it, she starts screaming her head off for her district partner. Her district partner calls back, but he can tell that he's too far away to help her, and he brings the rock down on 2's head as hard as he can. He feels her skull collapse under his hands, and before he can wait for the cannon to confirm her death, he turns on 12. "What'd she mean?" He demands from the remaining girl. He wants to know what 2 was talking about with her and his district mate being allies. And 12 tells him, tells him how they worked together to blow up the last of the supplies remaining at the Cornucopia, how she tried to save the angel, but 1 got there first. When he asks, she hurriedly tells him that she killed 1. And then she tells him how she covered her in flowers, sang to the angel until she died, how their district sent her bread once the angel was gone, before asking him to make her death fast. He feels conflicted. Rationally, he knows he should get 12 out of the way now, level the playing field to only two others. But, at the same time, he thinks of his district partner, how the two were partners, and gives in. "Just this one time, I'll let you go." He lowers the rock so 12 knows he's not going to attack her. "For the little girl. You and me, we're even then. No more owed. You understand?" She nods, and before either of them can move, 2's district partner calls out for her, closer than before. "You better run now, Fire Girl," He tells 12, before shouldering his own pack, and grabbing 2's for the hell of it. Whatever 2 needed so desperately, it's his now. Turning his back on 12, and trusting her not to fire at his open back, he sprints for the tall grass that has been his home for almost two weeks. He makes his way back to his camp, and when he gets there, he searches through his pack. Like he thought, there is food in it, plus a sturdier jacket to keep him warm. It has a hood, and he shucks the jacket on just as the first rumble of thunder echoes across the sky. He yanks the hood up and stuffs his food into his pack hurriedly, not wanting to get it wet. The first droplets of water are just crashing to the ground in a harsh torrent when he finishes repacking the bag. He will have to wait until the storm passes to look through 2's pack and see what the Gamemakers thought he so desperately needed. For now, he concentrates on finding somewhere dry and covered to wait out the storm. It wouldn't do for him to get into the top five only to die from some sort of cold or flu because of the rain. He doesn't want that to be his end. And the storm, in a sense isn't his end. It doesn't make him sick, and doesn't cause an accident that leads to his untimely end. It does, however, allow the male tribute from 2 to catch up with him without him noticing right away. The rain is loud enough that it hides the other's footsteps and he doesn't notice 2 until he's already got a slash on his arm. Luckily, it's not his dominant hand, and he grabs the sword he's had for so many days and they begin a bloody sword fight that's a dance to the death. The rain makes it difficult to see and difficult to move around, but they both do a good job of bloodying each other up. When 2 slips in the mud, he thinks that this is it, he's going to take out 2, and only has the two from 12 to worry about. He's bringing the sword down on 2 when something freezing slides through his gut. It's freezing cold and burning hot at the same time, and it takes one cough to know what happened. Blood splatters across 2's hair and his stomach spasms and he knows that he's been stabbed with 2's sword. Death is imminent, even with the sword lodged in him, and he knows that it will be quicker if 2 pulls the sword out. He raises his head and wonders if 2 will make it quick, or leave him to die a slow and painful death. After watching previous Games while waiting for these ones to start, he's sure that 2 will leave him to die slowly. The Careers are normally sadists like that, not including the fact that he did kill 2's district partner. 2 spits at his feet as he stands, mouth bloody, and he coughs up more blood himself. Blood is dribbling down his chin, and he can almost hear 2's sneering grin as he says, "Only two left," before his vision blurs and everything fades to black. His last thought is that he hopes that 12 wins, and his last wish is that he gets to see the angel when he crosses over. That's the last thing he's aware of, that and the rain pouring on his face, as he keeps his eyes to the sky one last time watching lightning dance across the sky, before he's aware of nothing at all. Amid the thunder, where no one can hear, a lone cannon fires. " I want to give my thanks to the tributes of District Eleven. I only ever spoke to Thresh one time. Just long enough for him to spare my life. I didn't know him, but I always respected him. For his power. For his refusal to play the Games on anyone's terms but his own. The Careers wanted him to team up with them from the beginning, but he wouldn't do it. I respected him for that." –Katniss Everdeen, Catching Fire, pg. 68