you will! …And I'll be a magnificent Aunt Chrissie!" She let Cecelia go and pointed around the quilt at the other three victors: "Uncle Woof, Aunt Miranda, Uncle Pal!" One the one hand, Cecelia worried that if she got their hopes up, she would only end up letting them down. On the other hand, where would she find four people more determined to support her in her struggle to find this happiness? Chrissie forced time into the Victory Tour schedule for Cecelia to test all her meals before eating, saying she wasn't going to let her miss out on eating so much wonderful food. Chrissie adjusted the costumes herself if Cecelia was embarrassed by how revealing they were and seemed to compensate for the modest amount of skin bared by her victor by revealing more and more of her own. In the end, in the Capitol, Cecelia went home ahead of her mentor. "I've gotta take a break from watching over you all day, Cece," Chrissie just laughed, reapplying her lipstick, "I've got a little playing to catch up on here, so you go on first and mind the fort for me." It seemed like Chrissie was gone for a long time, though it wasn't as if Cecelia couldn't see her on the gossip programs nearly every day on the arm of some Capitolite or at some party, sometimes half-naked, sometimes with her eyes blurry with drugs. But she didn't like to see Chrissie like that, even if Chrissie didn't care if she saw. It was easier to keep her wandering mind away from whatever was on television if she spent her time with friends. Though Wren and Sienna and Reitzel were all still welcoming, more and more "friends" seemed equivalent to "victors." Miranda needed more "personal time," she called it, but Pal's door was never locked and he didn't seem to mind her coming unannounced. She began to know his schedule. How in the afternoon Woof would always be there for tea. "Chrissie called," Pal informed her, "She said she'd be back the day after tomorrow." "It seemed so long…" A funny snipping sound caught Cecelia's ear. She paused. "I guess it wasn't two whole weeks. I'm just used to being around her." The sound hadn't stopped. It wasn't even enough to be mechanized. It was loud enough for her to be hearing it, yet there wasn't anyone cutting material in the house. She looked this way and then and finally out the window. There was a young man clipping the hedges in Pal's yard. He was tall. He was…he turned and then she could see more than half his face. He was very much Cecelia's idea of handsome. She turned away from the window, looking down in her tea. She could feel how red her face was and didn't want the man to see. "Mr. Pal," she inquired, "Who is your gardener?" Rather than examining her face, Pal straightened up to peer out the window. "That's David Ravi Songket," he pronounced each name carefully, working his occasionally heavily accent into shape just as he did his posture. "Pal mentored his brother," Woof added, joining us with the freshly heated biscuits. He patted Pal's shoulder. For all that Pal had also mentored Woof, the age difference between the two of them was not that great. They were close, exasperated, perhaps, by having been alone together for many years, without other victors, without families. "…his brother volunteered in his place…" Pal said in what Cecelia had come to think of as his sad voice. Sometimes it grew so soft she could barely understand what he had said. "…And he died… And now David cuts my grass." "He's a very nice young man, Cecelia," Woof took over, a bit removed from, and thus better able to speak about the situation. "…We should invite him in to share our tea with us. …Assuming that you wouldn't mind-" "Please ask him," Cecelia decided. Who knew what would come next? But, this, at least, was an easy choice to make. Woof went out. The other two victors could see him through the glass as he approached his target. David turned toward Woof and smiled. "I felt alive," Cecelia confided in Pal as they watched the conversation in the garden, a pantomime as far as they were concerned, stripped of sound. "When I laid eyes on him, my heart sped up. It's never gone so fast and not meant fear. It makes me feel right again- feel human." "Hold onto that feeling," Pal spoke up, as if, to him, these words were of an import as to be carved in stone, "It will keep you strong." "I take it we have your approval in advance then." Cecelia thought it best not to laugh. "My blessing even," Pal clarified. "…though it might be easier to acquire than Chrissie's, I'm warning you." David Ravi Songket wiped his boots on the front mat and followed Woof into the kitchen. "Oh, is that honey? I love that," he gaped at the spread on the table, simple for the pockets of victors, but far outside the grasp of any ordinary citizens of Eight (the honey would have to have been imported). "And…oh!" "What, 'oh?'" Woof joked. "Sh-shalo!" David exclaimed, standing up straighter and exhibiting a greater degree of formalized politeness than for the older victors, "It's a lovely afternoon here in Victors' Village and I'm honored to have this chance to meet you, Miss Weaver!" "Just have a seat, David," Woof dragged him along. "I'm happy to meet you too," Cecelia answered him, caramel eyes to ebony ones as David settled in directly across from her, "And you don't call Woof or Pal "Mr. Cambray" or "Mr. Fields," do you? So you can call certainly call me-" "Miss Cecelia," David fit her name into his usual manner of addressing the victors without even considering the simplest way. The young woman in question blushed again. For now "Miss Cecelia" would do.