if you let me join your group." he said talking quickly as he slowly approached. I kept my arrow locked on him, not wanting to let him out of my sight. Cato thought about it for a few moments, "Fine, you can be a part of our alliance until we kill the girl. This is funny. I thought that you loved her?" The boy shrugged, "I do, but at the same time, I want to get home as badly as she does." Cato nodded, "Whatever, I don't care. Find a weapon that you like. We're going hunting in a few." I released the tension on the string and placed my arrow back in the quiver. True to his word, Cato led us in the hunt for remaining tributes a few minutes later. We left Frazzles with the supplies, making sure that he know that if he tried anything funny, we would hunt him down and have fun killing him. He swallowed and nodded and continued to tinker with the bomb he was holding. We looked all night and finally we saw a column of smoke in the sky around dawn. We followed it and found the girl from District 8 curled up sleeping by the dwindling fire. Cato kicked her in the stomach, awakening her instantly. The girl pleaded for mercy, begging us not to kill her. She started crying. It was pathetic. Cato and Clove ended her quickly. We left the area so that the hovercraft could come pick her up and we headed back to our supplies. Cato started pestering Peeta. "So how do we find your girl?" he asked. "Well the thing about Katniss is that she is a very fast runner, so she could be far away by now, but she is looking for water, so we just need to find the places that have water so that we find her." Peeta said with a look of confidence on his face. Cato shrugged, "Okay, we start as soon as we get some food in our stomachs! I want the girl on fire to be dead as quickly as possible." I nodded my head in agreement. The faster that the girl from District 12 died, the quicker I would get her sponsors and be able to go home faster. We returned to our campsite to find that Frazzle had armed a good chunk of the bombs and that most of them were buried. He had left a path open so that we could easily get to the food. We enjoyed a good meal and stuck around our site for the rest of the day so that Frazzles could teach us how to get past the bombs and to the supplies. By that night, we were ready to search again. We found nobody at the start of the 3rd day, so we headed back for the night, deciding to go back out in the morning. Besides, we all needed some proper rest. The next day we heard a lot of noise coming from on part of the arena so we started to head over there. The place looked like it had just recently been on fire. We started to walk along the forest line, looking for any signs of a tribute. And low and behold, right before us running away was the girl on fire. And it looked like she had actually been on fire recently. With a loud whoop, we all chased after her into the forest until she climbed up a tree, escaping our grasp. Cato tried to climb the tree and kill her with his sword, but he couldn't climb. I notched an arrow and pointed it at her but I missed by a long shot. To taunt me, the bitch retrieved the arrow and twirled it around her fingers, making fun of me. It was Peeta who suggested that we just camp there for the night waiting for her to come down from the tree. I decided to take the first watch to make sure that the girl didn't escape while we were all asleep. I kept my eye on her for about 4 hours, and then I woke up Clove to take over. I fell into a restless sleep where I dreamed about Charmer being killed multiple times in front of my eyes. I awoke to screaming a few hours later and intense pain. All around me there were giant bees, more appropriately called tracker jackers. And they were stinging me multiple times. The pain was excruciating and I screamed in agony for help, for anyone to come and help me. Yet nobody came. Then the hallucinations that are associated with tracker jacker venom started and I began to see things. I saw horrible things like my parents and brother being killed multiple times in the games. And Charmer being beheaded in front of my eyes. I saw horrible atrocities take place before my eyes. I fell to the ground and started mumbling things about Charmer as I saw him in my hallucinations. I then lost consciousness a few minutes later. Thankfully, not long after that, the pain all stopped and I died. I was glad to be dead because the pain was gone. But at the same time, I was dead. I would never see Charmer again. I would never have a white wedding. I would never bear his children; never work alongside him with making jewelry. I would never hold him, touch him, or make love to him again. Because I was dead and gone. The very last thought that coursed through my mind as my heart stopped beating was "I love you Charmer." I hope that wherever he was when I died, I hope he knew that I loved him until the moment that my body gave out and I slipped into the abyss. And even in death, I still love him. Hope you enjoyed! Please leave a review so that I can continue to better my work! Thank you!