them to be as soft as I remembered the ones my father made being. "Do you need the colander? " Katniss voice breaks through my nerves. I nod. "You dump and I'll hold it." I glance behind me. She has the colander poised above the sink so the water will simply drain away. I turn the heat off. My hands give a small twitch, but I barely notice. We're almost done. I pick up the pot by the handles on the side and move quickly, hoping my hands will be more likely to hold up if I'm going fast. I aim for the colander as I pour the water out and her the splat of the beans as they hit the bottom. I look at Katniss' hands to see that they're gripping a colander full of cooked black beans, steam coming off them. "Well," Katniss prompts. "What are you waiting for? Get a fork and try them." I look at her, eyes wide, fearful. "It's going to be okay," she tells me. "Sae has plenty more black beans, and I'll make sure she sells them to you, if you need to try again." I want to laugh, but my throat is too tight and closed off. I find the fork on the counter behind me, before rounding on the beans once more. I stab a few with the fork and bring them slowly to my mouth, past the lips that were touching Katniss' less than an hour ago. "How are they?" she asks, worriedly. I take a minute to think it over. "Bland," I tell her honestly. "Edible, but very bland. Just the way my father used to make them." She sighs, her muscles unclenching and her whole body relaxing. "That sounds perfect," she whispers. It almost sounds like a breath instead of words. The ding of the oven stops me from answering. Wordlessly I pull the bread out of the oven, leaving it on the racks to cool. Katniss pulls out the seasoned and cooked squirrel meat the Sae left us. I transfer the beans to a bowl and place it one the table while Katniss gets plates. I slice the bread open, as she sets the table, bring the meat over last. She provided the meat. I cooked the beans, and we made the bread together. This is the first meal we've ever eaten together, where we are both equally responsible for everything on the table. This thought calms me as I sit down with the woman, who has kept me alive, who I have always loved. She covers her slice of bread with beans and meat before taking a huge bite. "Not bad," she says. "I mean it's not a Capitol delicacy, but I can see how this would have been a treat for you and your brothers." Sadness courses through me. I miss them, yet I seem to have a piece of them in front of me. I cover my own slice the way Katniss did, and take a bite. It tastes like my favorite dinner from my childhood. I realize as I chew that I closed my eyes. Upon opening them I'm almost surprised not to see my father and mother and brothers, but Katniss smiles at me. I don't feel alone in this world. We eat and eat and eat, until there is no more bread left, no more meat, and my first successful batch of beans is nothing but a memory. "Maybe we should tell Sae not to come and make us dinner," Katniss says, leaning back in her chair. "I'm so full I don't know if I'll want to eat for the rest of the day." A vision flashes before my eyes. She's younger, half dead, underneath a tree. Her face is gaunt and you can almost see every bone in her body. She seems too weak to move. This is how I saw her earlier today, when she first entered the kitchen. I can almost feel the bread leave my hands, burned and bouncing till it's as close to her as I can safely get it. I don't need to ask her if it's real. She's burned that way in my mind and I can't seem to stop seeing it. I'm compelled forward grabbing her hand, drinking in the sight of present day Katniss, fed and strong. "You're really full?" I ask so quickly I'm not sure if she's understood me, but her eyes light up. She touches the side of my cheek and nods. Tears begin to fall. "What's wrong?" "Nothing. I'm just really happy you aren't hungry." She leans her forehead against mine. "I'm glad you're not hungry too," she whispers, before pressing her lips against mine, just for an instant. I feel alive. My hands aren't trembling. I feel steady. I feel fed. I feel in control. AN: I got the idea for this story when I was asked to share what helped me manage stress and feel in control for work. I always feel better about myself and more confident in my ability to handle my busy schedule when I've got a lot of healthy homemade food in the fridge just waiting to be heated up. Shortly after this I was making black bean tacos and listening to the Hunger Games audio book. I started thinking about how it probably felt for Peeta and Katniss to start becoming more independent in regards to food as they healed. Food was always a huge part of their stories and their struggles, and it struck me that preparing it would probably be closely related to how they healed after the war. I'm also going to be honest. I had to google how to make black beans and bread from scratch because I always buy them canned/premade. That seemed out of character for Peeta though. He'd be more old fashioned with his methods, being a baker's son. I hope that you enjoyed it, and please feel free to leave a comment!