starts, but I cut him off by slamming him against the burnt wall. "You either believe me—and you and I both know I've dropped enough information for you to have to—or we both watch this play out like I've said." I grit out. He's watching me, calculating, and brushes off my hand and the cloud of dust that has settled on his clothing. "There ain't no way for you to know all of this. So how do you?" He scoffs. "You don't know how you know, right? How convenient." But he's not denying anything, not telling me I'm nuts—it's not perfect, I never expected it to be, but it's a start. "Peeta's going to go to you, ask you to save me, not him. He's going to get us to train like Careers. He won't let you drink," I add. One of Haymitch's eyes twitch in annoyance, he squeezes the half empty bottle I only now see in his hand. I expect him to argue, to throw something, but he mostly mumble to himself that we'll see about that. "Anything else you want to predict?" He asks, tone overly sweet. "No," I say. I'm ready to start talking strategy, but then an image pops in my head. Peeta tossing the vase across the room, his rage at being kept in the dark, the old man being shot. It nearly knocks me over. Do we tell him? Do I tell him? "Not until I know for sure you aren't just having vivid hallucinations. We'll want to go on more than a hunch or some information you pulled out of your ass," Haymitch says, reading my mind. "He won't be happy to be left out," I mumble, mostly to myself, because I can't argue. Haymitch is hard enough to convince. I can still see the doubt that clouds his eyes, still read the disbelief in his body, but I also know he knows that there's no way that I could just pull all the things I know out of my ass. President Alma Coin, Plutarch who I mention by name. District 13, some of the victors aligned with the rebel—whose names I say in our code, just in case. "Let me think this through" Haymitch says. I agree. We have three weeks until the reaping, and I just dumped too much information on him to expect us to come up with a plan today. Even my head feeling foggy, my ankle throbbing from too much walking. When Haymitch turns to leave, I grab his hand. "Actually, just one more thing. If Chaff kisses me again, I'll punch him." I leave to the sound of Haymitch's guffs, barely hear him say "That sounds like the old Bastard, all right" as I limp home. My ankle had been easy to ignore until now, but now it's an angry, throbbing, painful mess. Prim and mom are more put together when I get home, mom offering me some vegetable soup she made to help me feel better, Prim gripping my hand under the table with a determined expression. I can't help but think about her in 13, how she holds herself together so well, ready and willing to throw herself into any situation to help out one of her patients. How she dies because of it. I don't know what brought me back, or how I'm back. But I silently thank it, because this means I have a chance to save the people I love. I can fix my mistakes, I can make a difference. I'm no longer in the dark, and while the thought terrifies me—I can't save them all, I can' save them all, who will die?—it also makes me hopeful. I can't save them all, but I can try. And I can save some of them—Prim, Finnick, Boggs, Mitchell, Madge, maybe even more than the eight hundred of the seam who were saved last time. And it's enough spark to push me forward. I've barely finished my soup when there's pounding on my door, when I see Gale rushing in when my other opens it. In a second I'm in his arms, and he's telling me he's wrong, it's not too late, we can run— And I'm thinking about Prim bursting into flames, feeling angry and grateful and spiteful and hopeful. My heads a mismatch of so many emotions I can't keep myself from bursting into tears, from sobbing until there's snot and tears on us both. Gale doesn't seem to care, though. He didn't care when I sloshed him with alcohol, either. He's just petting my hair while I say yes, that it is too late. Prim is holding back her own tears when she grabs my hand, my mother crying silently while she hugs Gale, Prim and I. I can' help but think of the Prim who cried when I did even before she knew why, who now is holding back tears and gripping my hand silently, supportively. She's almost as tall as me now, her eyes burning, but not with my hatred. Not with Gale's resentment. With a desire to help, to change things. I can't help but mourn that she's already changing. But I also feel reassured, relieved, that I know Prim can hold her own. That I can rely on her to hold up and not go under when I'm in the games, or in 13. I don't pass out this time, so I see when Peeta walks through the door. He pauses when he sees our group, still clinging to one another, and I think he's going to back away before he's noticed so I call his name and hold out my hand. He takes it without hesitation, and I pull him into the middle of the group so he's sandwiched between Gale and myself. There's so much I want to tell you, I think. Instead, I squeeze him tight and prepare myself for the next three weeks of agony that'll come from his drill like training.