she always wanted a sister. …Mom gave me permission to go down-district with her tomorrow to the Swap Market!" "That's great, Corrie." "Mags introduced me to Anamaria Ortiz," Taig spoke up. "What?" Rafe, the oldest Odair child, and the tiredest feeling at this point in the week, looked up from his dinner for the first time in the meal, "You didn't tell me that." "I wanted Finnick to be here, since she's his mentor and all," Taig shrugged. "Anyway, there may not be enough work coming in to bring me on full-time, but she says if I want to learn the craft, she'd be more than happy to have me." "Oh, Taig!" Mom clapped. Everyone else, even Pa, smiled about it. "If I order up a really fancy boat they'll definitely need you," Finnick grinned. He was glad that when it came to their new relationship to the victors his family seemed to be coming around. They were going to become part of the weave of this strange community one way or another. At the Swap Market, Corrina traded away pretty beach finds from her collection and spent her allowance to bring home a bunch of old stationery and paper clippings to have some materials to start practicing decoupage with Song. "Oh, aren't you crafty, dear," Mom examined Corrina's first piece of work. "You should have a fun talent like this, Finnick," his sister declared. "Mags and I are still talking about it. But I don't think I'm exactly the arts and crafts type." "There've been some dancing ones, right?" his mother tried to recall, "And that boy in Seven plays the guitar. You like music, Finnick…" "Like I said," he headed toward the door, "We're still deciding." It was true that Theo had always wanted to act, Song had been set upon her decoupage no matter how many commentators were equally set upon making jokes about it (the decoupage heels from her Victory Tour were infamous), and Shad was perfectly matched to his flower arranging, but Odysseus had only gotten to ceramics through a mixture of guidance and trial and error. According to his mother, Jules had been so ambivalent about choosing a talent that he had first asked to just do the same as Odysseus (as Mags had expected, the Bureau of Victor Affairs struck this choice down as too soon to a repeat talent to be allowed). Finnick went around to collect the talent suggestions he had asked the other victors to come up with for him. "That, um, pretty dancing on your toes. What's it called? Ballet?" said Song. Finnick wondered if she were joking. "Theo says 'comedian.'" "Isn't that pretty much him?" "Do you like animals?" Shad offered. "Something with animals maybe. Ombry raises rabbits out in Nine." Tyde was in his front yard scraping off his barbecue. "I bet you could learn to juggle or something. I wonder if that'd be enough to make a whole talent..." "Err, I don't know." "Do you surf?" asked Odysseus, "That's like my personal talent-hobby. I could help you get into it." Mags hadn't settled on her suggestion and instead just invited him in. "I was already boiling water for tea," she smiled, "And there's certainly enough for two." She turned down his offers of assistance for pouring and getting everything set up and was left sitting on her couch watching some bit of fluff reporting that seemed like rather premature hype over his eventual Victory Tour. Mags settled the tea tray onto her coffee table with a careful clink. "I know you like the sugar cookies," she indicated the vaguely flower-shaped pale cookies on a plate in the center. "Mine are made from a recipe an old friend in Six gave me." "You're so nice, Mags." He waited to take a cookie until she had finished stirring a bit of honey into her tea. "It'll be fun to go on the Tour together, huh? I mean, it looks fun. There's no one I'd rather go with than you." Finnick found the wait for her response to these words felt long in coming. He wondered what was on her mind. "…You'll get to see some of your friends on the Tour, right? …Like Pal and Shy and maybe Hector?" "Yes," she said slowly, "Some of them we might. …Possibly not Hector. Or not more than a glimpse. There are so many these days in Two and One they don't need everyone out and about to make a good showing." "I promise I'll be on my best behavior." She met his eyes and from her look he thought it might have occurred to her that she was acting distant or out of character. The smile that followed was considerably more a part of her ordinary manner. "Yes," she spoke lightly, "That will certainly help." "…Did you have fun on your Victory Tour?" "Well…mostly, I think that I did. It was hard to go on grappling with the things I did in my Games, but I saw many things and met many people who would go on to become my friends." That was right. As their first victor, she had been alone in her position when she came home to Four. She had been sole victor in Four for twelve years until Tyde won, an agonizingly long stretch of time to take multiple tributes past the top eight mark and still be left alone. He was the newest addition to a family she had formed from grit and strategy and luck and for all the bonds of time and trust she shared with the others, still he felt she loved him specially. He had acted out of turn and against her wishes when he had volunteered. Now he would do his part to get along with the rest of her family and be a good "son" and make it all up to her. A mentor, especially Mags, was a kind of amazing person to have on his side, after all.