out in the crowd, maybe- watching myself and I look half like I'm some stoic lighthouse rising above the sea and half like I'm a seasick Capitol citizen about to faint onto the deck of a shuddering shrimp boat. …If that's what I look like to myself, what do the "viewers at home," like they like to say, think of me? Faline Beaumont doesn't look anything like me, but she's enough younger that's she's probably not my close friend, so, presumably, Apple doesn't know what else to ask. "And the girl you've volunteered for, Mags, she's your…cousin?" "No," I tell the truth, "Just a…girl I know." But when I say it like that it sounds weak and empty. Whether or not I am either of those things, the Mags that I want Panem to see is not. I'm probably going to die in a few days (the reality of it doesn't sink in immediately). But not because the Capitol chose me- because I chose myself. "In District Four," I begin, hoping that the words turn out all right, "We make it a priority to take care of our own. I'm sure a lot of you can relate to that. I might not be able to win, but at least I have a chance." "My, how noble!" Apple responds with a cutesy stage gasp. I force myself to decorate my face with a tiny smile to accent my modest nod. More than enough time has been spent on me when there's still a boy to draw. I take my seat as indicated and Apple moves on, back to the bowl full of names. The eyes of our District 4 audience are divided about evenly now between Apple and me. Death is pretty much inevitable, but I hope that I've managed to leave my mark. I am the first volunteer out of District 4. To the best of my knowledge (as seen through the scope of the Capitol's presentation, that is), I am the first tribute who volunteered for someone she barely knew. I realize there is someone important I have forgotten in my selfish moment. I stop staring at nothing and look at my father. He's frowning, gazing back at me. He probably never took his eyes off me from the moment I called out in the crowd. It was Papa who taught me how minuscule the difference could be between martyrdom and insanity. Sometimes they're the same thing. I lift up my hand and send my fingers sailing in a rippling wave. Papa gives an identical wave back. What's Jeff Zimmer going to say about me during the recap tonight? "Margarete "Mags" Gaudet. Seventeen. A girl with an ace up her sleeve, or really, really stupid?" Faline Beaumont is crying in her mother's arms. Mrs. Beaumont is crying too, but I can see her face and rate her emotion as relief. Tylina and Azzie and my other friends from school are caught somewhere between relief of their own and shock. In a way, I'm as surprised as they are. Some feeling that had been building inside of me all these years (did it start when I was twelve, when Aoko, the girl they reaped, was also also twelve and my friend?) had exploded out of me in a way I had never imagined. It must be because my thoughts are whirling around like they're caught in a hurricane that I miss Apple's lead-in to the boys' drawing. The next words I hear are, "Jean Paul Mirande!" Lanky and suntanned Jean Paul Mirande. I clutch at the dress I'm wearing. The dress his mother made me. Reapings would be easier if I didn't have so many friends. They call him "Jean Paul," the same way the slips bearing my name would read "Margarete," but everyone who knows him calls him "Beanpole," from the way he's grown up so thin and tall. The boys part like some strange sea before him, but he walks like a sleepwalker moving against the tide. Once he's finally onstage, he shakes Apple's hand. No one volunteers for Beanpole. Out in the crowd, Papa is moving toward the side of Mrs. Mirande as she faints into the arms of her surrounding relatives. There's a murmur from the crowd as she's looked after. Mayor Current returns to the podium, but waits a beat before starting to read the Treaty of Treason. He's waiting, I think, to make sure Mrs. Mirande is okay. A tribute's grandfather died from a heart attack on reaping day three years ago. …Or maybe the mayor's brushing away bad memories of the sister and brother tributes from 12 in the Seventh Hunger Games. It's a nightmare that could have repeated with his kids. It could still happen next year. Mrs. Mirande is white as a sheet, but she's standing again- or possibly being held up by my father and her sister. Beanpole's odds can't be worse than mine, I'd imagine, but Papa seems strong and rock solid compared to her. Cameras are still trained on his, but based on what I was told previously, I imagine any live coverage of the event has switched over to 5. The mayor finishes with the treaty. This is the part where the tributes shake hands. Maybe it would be different with a boy I don't know, but since it's Beanpole, a handshake feels kind of awkward and stupid. He seems to finally come awake at my touch. We share a tiny smile as the national anthem begins to swell. It's the same standard recorded version as usual. Local musicians performed it in each district for the first few Hunger Games until the band in 11 decided to go off program and play another song in its place. No official statement was made as to the fate of the band, but it's hardly a stretch to guess they faced severe punishment. "Why're you smiling?" I ask Beanpole as the music fades. "What else can I do?" he answers.