boy, hands lingering over him, stripping down when he is in the same room. He tells Prisca and she purses her lips and says that his mother needs a distraction, nothing more. And eventually his grandfather loosens his purse strings, after Prisca's repeated nagging, and Finnick O'dair stays over at their townhouse for a night. His mother looks a lot cheerier in the morning but she doesn't loosen her hold on him either. When she finds out that he's been sleeping on and off with Portia and Prisca, she bursts into tears and storms out of the room, accusing him of betrayal. "Poor Cloelia - she's been through a lot since she was a kid. But dahhling, what you need is a makeover," Aquila sighs after he duly repeats the tale to him. And so he begins to paint his body - fuchsia, coral, scarlet - anything to keep her away from him, sculpting his features into unrecognizable masks. It begins to work. A lovely if somewhat bedraggled young woman - dark tangled hair, sea green eyes - runs toward us in nothing but a sheet. The Seventieth Hunger Games take place when he's nineteen. His apprenticeship is almost over, more and more often he creates his own designs though ostensibly he is still working under Aquila. Aquila chooses District Four that year. "We have ourselves a looker," Aquila observes, whistling, when the fifteen-year-old girl is Reaped. "The Sponsors will go wild." Cinna oversees her make-up before the tributes are paraded. "The theme is mermaid," he tells her, applying her body glitter with a deft hand. Silver and gold flecked, like scales. Her gown is transparent, ultramarine and wrapped around her in classical fashion, all the better to show off her painted skin. Even her face is scaled. She seems a sweet, gentle little thing and he can't see her lasting more than a few hours. Perhaps a quick death would be the best for her. She has a high-pitched, nervous sort of giggle that he finds strangely endearing. "You shouldn't be so quick to discount me, you know," she says. "Finnick did too." "I'm sorry, Annie." He always makes a point to remember all their names. "Dahhling, you'll go out with a bang at the very least!" Aquila says. "Ultramarine will be the it color after I'm done with you!" Annie smiles, so sweet and childlike, that the irony of her words is lost on all of them except Cinna. "Oh goodie, that's what I've always wanted! To set a new fashion trend!" She wins and Aquila hosts a bubble party, ecstatic. But the girl they dress for the interview is different from the girl from three weeks ago. Mute. Glassy-eyed. Fingers fidgeting, body shivering when anyone touches her. Her gown is sea-green, slit down the front to expose her breasts all the way to her navel and at the sides up to her hips. But she looks like a child in it, not the "sexy siren" look Aquila was going for. "Well she could act a bit happier about winning!" Aquila says petulantly. "If she thinks she can put off all the lovers that'll be pounding on her door with the rock-act, then she's mistaken!" "She's only fifteen," Cinna says, horrified. She's broken. He knows how the system works as well as anyone else but little Annie Cresta? Aquila rolls his eyes. "Dahhling, as though that's ever stopped anyone before. If I had the money, I'd be banging her myself!" "She looks gorgeous," Chaff tells Cinna dryly. Its the first time they've talked to each other in years, usually they avoid each other during the Games. "Your first Victor, eh? You must be very excited." Cinna avoids his father's eyes and Chaff laughs. "Get used to it, son." "I won't," he says coolly, hackles up as they always are around his father. "Oh yeah?" Chaff touches his cheek, dyed ultramarine just like the rest of Aquila's prep team, and smirks. "Pity I let your mother take you back - the world would've been a better place if you'd been Reaped." He takes in his fantastic appearance - the mother-of-pearl scales sewn so close to his body they might have been his chrysalis, the silver-dyed hair twisted up like a seahorse perching on top of his head - and snorts. "You had no choice," he chokes out. "She would've taken me in anyway." Would she? Chaff smiles as though he can read Cinna's mind. "Well if someone drops a stray kitten on your doorstep you're likely to keep it, especially if it's cute. But that doesn't mean you're going to go out of your way to find one, eh?" Cinna doesn't bother attending the after-parties that night, he scrubs and scrubs until the last of the dyes drains out with the water and then he takes a razor to his hair, snipping it as close to his skull as he can. "I like the look," his mother says doubtfully. "Its so... quaint. You look rather like your father now." "Its the new me," he tells her and she giggles and pulls his ear playfully. "Dearest, you say that every few days! The price a man of fashion pays, hmm?" "Not this time," he says soberly. "This time I mean it." He officially terminates his apprenticeship with Aquila that day. On the way to Portia's apartment, he buys a bouquet of yellow roses at the florist's. "What's up, Cinnamon?" she asks at the door. "We're going to the Districts, Posh," he tells her without preamble. "I'm going to get us a special permit from the Government - I have my grandfather's contacts, I can get it to work." She raises her eyebrows as high as they can go. "Oh really? And what are we going to do there?" "Step out of our rut. Learn. Explore. Discover. Reinvent. We're going to open our own boutique and we're going to style the tributes." He grabs her hand. "We're going on an adventure."