Yet, I hold my bow and arrow relaxed and waiting. He's in no hurry. There's a knock on the door and he stands, holding a hand out to me to not shoot him. He opens the door and I've pulled my bow back. With a sigh he takes a basket shoved through the crack of the door. "Who are you?" He asks the person on the other side of the door. "My name is Sae," She answers. Sae, who has been an invaluable cook for us all. Making all sorts of concoctions to keep us alive. Sae who I've known for as long as I can remember. They have her. "Sae, who lives here?" He asks her. Now I know Sae. She's not going to give me up. But she doesn't know I'm here. Maybe she thinks I've gone off with Gale in the woods. Maybe she thinks he's got me pinned. I'm not risking what she may think. I've got to make sure she knows how it stands. "Sae. I've got my arrow on him," I call out. I hear her chuckle. "I never thought you didn't. That there is our leader boy," she tells him. Leader. I've never thought of myself as the leader. And surely I'm not. All I've done is try to feed the starving. Mainly because I can't stand to see people starve when I've got extra game. And it's not that I've had extra, I could always save it for later… It's that there wasn't any food to be had. If I didn't feed them, who would? Leader. It startles me that is how I'm thought of. "My name is Peeta. It's nice to meet you Sae. Thank you for answering my question. Can you answer another?" "Perhaps," she's like me. Naturally suspicious of all people. And really, that's not a bad quality. Any one asking questions has a motive. Snake. Snake. Snake. Ah, but that snake does have food. Food. Food. My mind whispers. "Who else lives here? And what's her name?" He gestures to me. I hear Sae chuckle again. "Peeta, she's just as likely to shoot me, as she is to shoot you," I hear her say before I hear her walking back down the old worn stairs. He closes the door quietly and frowns. He slides back down to the floor and pulls out a small loaf of bread. He stares at it before smiling slowly. "Loyalty. It's not bought, not when there isn't anything here. You're fierce. You're a leader and you inspire loyalty. That's quite a few good attributes." His smile disappears. "I'm really sorry for how things are going to progress from here. I've tried really hard to help you trust me. But you're taking a difficult path when there is an easy way." He throws the loaf up to me, and it lands a few feet from me. I could put the bow down and get it. But that's his plan. For me to weaken myself. But he's not paying any attention to me; he's fiddling with that wire again. "Mellark here. Yeah. I know. No, I- Look, I want her name. I know. Yeah. Ok, thanks." He leans back against the door and looks up at me. "You're not eating?" "And put down this bow? No." Time is dragging by. And still he sits, waiting. Then he's smiling at me. A big smile. I'm struck with how handsome he is. My stomach knots and I breathe in deeply. He grabs the wire again. "Mellark here. I hear you. Thank you," He waits for a minute. Wire fiddling again, "Yeah, hold on." "Well Katniss, now or never to start off with honesty and truth. Are you going to tell me where they are or do we find them on our own?" The sound of my name from his lips makes my stomach flip. "It's just me," I repeat weakly. He smiles at me, not looking disappointed. "Brave girl," He says standing. I've pulled an arrow back at him. "Mrs. Everdeen and Primrose, would you please come out?" I've told them not to move. They've heard everything that this snake has had to say. Surely they will listen. Surely. He looks back up to me. "Where are they Katniss? Under the floors?" he taps his foot twice on the floor in front of him, and I let the arrow fly. I've missed on purpose. He laughs. He laughs! I can't help but be angry. He laughs. And then Prim is flying out of the hole, the boards are hitting the table. She startles back when she sees the boy. I see the tears running down her face and her labored breaths. I suppose she thought he shot me. "Oh, hello Primrose!" He says joyfully at her. He bends and sticks his hand in the basket. Looking at me, he slowly lifts a loaf of bread. "Do you know, you're the youngest girl I've ever met?" Prim, all too trusting, leans forward and takes the bread. My mom at this point has dragged herself out of the hole. She's crying, telling me she's sorry. Well good. You should be. Strike three mom. The boy leans over and hands mom the third loaf. She holds it in her hands sobbing. Prim smiles tentatively at him. She's only 12 and doesn't understand what's truly going on. We should have ran. "Are you going to take us away?" She asks him. "That depends, do you want me to?" He's crouched down, speaking softly to Prim. I don't know if this is because I've got my arrow trained on him or not. Either way, he's moving cautiously. Prim looks up at me and smiles through her tears. "He doesn't seem like a bad man Katniss," She whispers. Of course not little duck. They never do. But Prim is young. She believes in the inner goodness of everyone. "I'm not. My name is Peeta. I'm going to be your brother," he tells her.