hardness at odds with his voice and nature. They finished collecting wood together, and seeing that the cornucopia was unoccupied and the sky darkening they went off to see if any stray supplies might be lying around. They reached the shore and found Woof floating upside-down in the salt water, his body already stiff and cold. Turning him over they found him clutching at his hammer and sword. Two weapons had done him no good against his foe. They removed them and found two daggers at his waist and a sack of apples and pears and a canteen of water. This expedition had been more rewarding than she could've hoped. They each had one piece of fruit and a mouthful of water. Phillar took the hammer, while Cecelia took the sword and each of them a dagger. As they headed back to their camp, Phillar stopped suddenly, his eyes dead ahead. "Chaff" he whispered. He then indicated they should go around separate sides. Phillar must have been slowed by his limp because Cecelia reached him first. She ran at him wagging the sword in the air. She brought it down hard were Chaff's leg used to be. She turned and he gripped her arm tossing the sword out of it, he then clenched her body tight ion his handless arm, using the other to pick up the sword and place it at her neck. Phillar came just as he was about to slit her throat. His presence distracted Chaff enough for her to reach down and grab the dagger driving it hard into his thigh. He yelped as he released her from his bear hug. She ran to Phillar and grabbed his dagger as well to better arm herself. Chaff looked them both up and down; he lowered his sword and scratched his head with his stump of an arm. "Allies" he asked with a tilt of his head. Brutus Brutus had known he would ally with Enobaria. They hadn't discussed it before but when they met on the cornucopia he knew in that instant that they were paired. He now lay in their camp, Eno, as he liked to call her, had gone off to see if there was any prey or food to be had. As he sat looking at the sky he could hear a distant buzzing that sent a chill through his bones. It was lucky they had had so much water as the arena had heated up a lot while he and Eno were setting up camp. It was almost unnatural. Eno had driven her knife into a nearby tree in frustration and before long water had begun trickling down the blade, beading before it fell on the ground. Eno had not noticed but before long a thin stream was dripping off the knife's hilt. Brutus had put his canteen underneath as soon as he realised what was happening. The tree held the water. It was lucky he had discovered this or that deadly heat would have turned him to a crisp. As he looked at the sky it lit up and the anthem played as thunder boomed in the distance before the pictures appeared and the cannon boomed. The scrawny old Wiress was first to appear with a boom, confirming that the Sparks had survived. Mags was next then Rymarie her picture invisible for a second as a flash of thunder lit the sky. He wondered if only women had died when Kyprar's face lit the sky. Woof came next, then Myra and Roxall. "Seven" said Enobaria her hands empty of any food, "That's a lot of competition" "Yes but so are we" he replied a smile playing about his lips. She smiled back that terribly beautiful mouthful of talons. Caesar "Well Claudius I think this may be our best games yet" he said, smiling his beaming grin. "It's definitely a contender Caesar, and it's only begun" Claudius replied "What do you make of all these groups?" he asked genuinely puzzled, "We've never seen so many groups before, at most the careers and the one other group, but five groups" "Well Caesar, all of our tributes are successful tributes, so perhaps they see themselves as to much at risk by themselves. I mean would you like to be on your own against Enobaria and Brutus, or the Sparks and Flovine." Caesar answered clearly satisfied with his psychoanalysis. "Yes clearly poor Blight didn't get the message, and we haven't seen so many survivors after one day since the first Hunger Games" he said looking down the camera, "And that's because they didn't know which side of a sword to hold" he said happy with his jibe. "Well that's it from us for now" he said and then together they said "Happy Hunger Games and may the odds be ever in your favour". "And we're off air" the director shouted. Caesar dismounted his uncomfortable chair and made for the door. "Caesar can I have a minute?" Claudius called in his wheezy voice. Already assuming his response, Claudius waddled over to talk. Caesar had worked with him for over 25 years but was beginning to tire of his incessant ways. "What is it Claudius?" he asked putting on his sweetest interview voice. "Well I was wondering if you would tell President Snow, or even Plutarch about my theory" he asked breathless from the short walk. "Which theory would that be, that mockingjays are spreading disease or that your wife is cheating on you" he answered clearly not impressed. "About the tributes possible plan to escape" he answered shortly. "They haven't broken out before why would they now" he said with a roll of his eyes. "Experience and information can be a cunning mix, Caesar" he replied "I will pass it on as soon as I get the chance" he said and thinking of doing nothing of the sort. "Oh and Claudius" he said as he walked out the door, a smile on his face. "Happy Hunger Games".