be his job to do this too. He can't picture any combination of competition either of them could win out against. Even without a single other human opponent gunning for them, does either of them have a chance against the arena? And then…he looks at his kit…there's withdrawal. What could the Capitol do to him for killing her here "accidentally" that would be worse than both of them going back into the arena to die there? He watches her longer. There are dark circles like smeared mascara under Poppy's eyes. Her face is sunken, her cheekbones pronounced, her skin the color of fancy mustard spread thin across white bread. She used to be so pretty. Pretty enough that people- strangers- wanted her. But he's helped her in his way. Helped her to live, to forget. He remembers his own mentor, Sunny. The ruddy, healthy sienna of her skin. He had hated her when she'd asked him if he were sure he really wanted to come out of the arena alive. He had thought she had to be the most evil woman in all of Panem to suggest to a teenager ready to set aside his conventional morals to try to fight and kill that he might rather die. He wonders now if she might've been the strongest person in all of Six. How did she do it for all those years? How did she watch them fight and die- until he lived. She didn't drink. She didn't abuse drugs. She lived by herself. Sure, she had talked to herself sometimes, aloud and in the third person, but with all she did, didn't she deserve that comfort of being left alone with that small tic? No one had been angrier at him for turning to the morphling than Sunny had, but he had still hated her then, so he hadn't cared what she thought. They hadn't made up before she died. Simeon was sorry about that. He was sorry she hadn't lived to meet Poppy. If she had been around then, maybe she could have helped Poppy the right way. Maybe he wouldn't have done this to her. There was another victor in Six before all of them who'd died from the morphling, but that was before Simeon had even been born. Only Sunny'd known him. Simeon can't hurt Poppy. He adjusts her position and covers with a blanket, trying to make her comfortable. They sink into their own respective quicksands of bad feeling. By the day of the reaping, the Capitol monitors are the only outsiders who can speak to the fact that they're still living. The mayor politely requests that Peacekeepers escort them from their homes to the stage. They carry on highly drugged and quiet through the pre-Games proceedings, until, "Sim! Poppy!" Haymitch's voice isn't exactly cheerful and he doesn't smile, but he waves and as he approaches their chariot. "Hi, Haymitch," Poppy greets him. "I wanted to tell you in person. I got your card. I liked it." "I wanted to…" Poppy thinks over her words, "I wanted to meet Peeta. I love his paintings. I… I guess I do get to meet him now. Just not how I wanted." "Yeah," Haymitch takes her hand and grips it tight, holding her gaze with his gray eyes, "Please, Poppy do. Talk to Peeta. I think you're both going to like him." "Just about everyone's here," Haymitch goes on, "So make sure you talk to them." His clever eyes dart away from Poppy's face for a moment to Simeon's, "I mean both of you, Sim." "Sure, sure," Simeon agrees. "As bad as it looks, there are still things I think you're going to want to do," he goes on earnestly. Poppy squeezes Haymitch's hand in return. Whatever it is, she wants him to trust them. They're friends. She and Sim will certainly listen. It's inevitable that when the time to train comes, they gravitate to the paints at the camouflage station. Where one might expect mainly browns and tans and greens, there are pigments of all sorts available. "I like this color," Poppy exclaims over a pot of bright pink. She untwists the top and dips her finger in. Sim follows her lead, the goes further, reaching out and dabbing a spot on her face. Poppy laughs. Encouraged her response, Sim goes further, drawing a circle of pink on her cheek. Poppy paints him equally in return. A young man approaches them- he's familiar, he's- "Hi," he says, "I'm-" "Peeta," Poppy finishes for him, "I know. …We all know." Somehow it makes her giggle. Peeta has a very kind smile. "This is Sim. My name's Poppy." "She wanted to meet you," Sim says. "'Cuz I love your paintings," Poppy sighs. What if Peeta dies? And that's it for his life and his dreams and his paintings? What if Katniss dies and Peeta is too sad to live or love or paint ever again? Cecelia said that Katniss and Peeta were important. Song said, "We'll do what we can for you- Theo's working on the, uh, stuff to tide you over. But if you're with us, that means they have to come first. There's an order to this alliance. You fall before them." Poppy understands. They're young and they're loved and they have a chance. Peeta is a better painter than she ever was, than she would ever be. "I was," Poppy tells Peeta, and it feels so important, "I was- am- a painter too." "Not me," Sim grins, holding up his paint-covered hands, "I'm just playing." "It was- is- my talent," Poppy clarifies. "Really?" Peeta answers, "I didn't know someone else shared my talent. I hope you don't think I'm stealing your thunder." His interest seems so sincere. His eyes are so very blue. "So, your painting," he asks, "Will you tell me about it?" "The more I think it over, the more I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people." -Vincent van Gogh