fingers. He doesn't look at my face, but when he speaks his voice is clear and honest, "Katniss, I love you. Having family in the future? Yeah, that would be great. But you have to understand, I am in love with you , not the idea of a wife or a family." His eyes flick up to meet mine, "I know you don't want to hear about all this 'love', but you just can't seem to get it through your head. I appreciate the concern for my decisions, but I know exactly what I'm trying to get myself into." He smiles at me, and it's so sweet and sad and, well, loving ; I have no choice but to believe every word. I want to tell him that his plan sounds wonderful, but something is nagging at the back of my mind. The two of us starting over only fixes half of the problem. "What about Gale?" I barely manage to whisper. I think I see Peeta's features darken slightly, "If you decide you love Gale, or that you just can't stand me anymore, that's your choice. I want you to be happy, Katniss." He smiles at me crookedly, "Just let me know what you choose, turns out I'm not as good at reading your mind as I thought." I feel tears spring to my eyes at his words. "Thank you," I choke out, burying my face in his chest. I feel like a child, but I am overwhelmed by how good Peeta is. Much too good for me. Peeta hugs me tightly and presses a kiss to the top of my head. After a few moments he trails his lips down to my ear, "Since I didn't know that our last kiss could be the last one I ever get from you, there's one thing I would like to do before we become 'just friends'." His voice is husky and low and his warm breath dances across my skin. A shiver runs down my spine and I am still debating whether the feeling was entirely unpleasant or not when soft lips meet mine. A familiar stirring begins in my chest and I lean into Peeta, willing him to continue for just a few more moments. Because suddenly the idea of never feeling these warm, comforting lips against mine again is almost unbearable. I bring my arms up and tangle my fingers in his short, blond hair, deepening our kiss ever so slightly. Seconds later Peeta pulls away. He tugs my hands from around his neck and holds them tightly between us, when he speaks his voice is somewhat strained, "You're making me regret suggesting friendship." I bite my lip, embarrassed. "Sorry," I murmur. There is a flash of white as Peeta smiles, and this time he does plant a kiss on my nose. "So, my good friend Katniss," Peeta says, emphasizing the word 'friend', "I think it's time I went back to my own bed." I agree, and he slips from under the comforter and is at the door before he turns back to me. "If you have another nightmare?" he asks. I hide my face in the pillow, "I wouldn't mind if you came back." The words are muffled but I know Peeta hears me because he's laughing again as he slips out of the room. Though I am nervous about having Peeta out of my sight after my latest dream, I feel oddly at peace. Peeta and I are friends, nothing more and nothing less. Well, at least we have a clean slate. I fall asleep quickly and do not wake again until Effie is knocking at my door, urging me to get ready. The morning passes quickly as I watch for the familiar scenery of District 12 through the windows of the train. Today I will see my mother and Prim. Today I will see Gale. The thought of seeing him still makes my stomach churn, but it is overpowered by my eagerness to have him close by me again. As we arrive at the station a sea of cameras greet us on the platform. Peeta offers me a hand and I grasp it firmly. Our true relationship may have changed, but to the rest of Panem we are still the star-crossed lovers of District 12, and we must perform accordingly. "We're home," I whisper. Peeta gives my hand a final squeeze before we step off the train, and as a curiously warm current flows through my body I tell myself it's merely nerves. Was Katniss melodramatic enough for you all ? I sure hope so ;) It would make my day if you enjoyed reading this even half as much as I enjoyed writing it. I've had this idea stuck in my mind for nearly a year now and it's nice to finally publish it. Please leave a comment so I can know what you thought, good or bad! I have a few ideas for continuing this and making it a multi-chapter fic, but I'm also working on revising some Harry Potter work I did a few years ago, so no promises. Now, I also need to acknowledge the winner of my '5 Christmas Keys' Harry Potter Competition: Group One – 0-750 words 1st place: White Feathers In Her Hair by Lady Bordeaux 2nd place: Peppermint Muffins and Chocolate Cake Mix by CBlack19 Group Two – 750-2000 words 1st place: Not Quite Spot On; the second chapter of The Most Wonderful Time of the Year by Naomi S. Goldson 2nd place: Candlelit Desire by Slightly Small 3rd place: Two Lonely Hearts by Cheeky Slytherin Lass Group Three – 2000+ words 1st place: A Comedy of Sorts by Padfoot's Prose 2nd place: TIE! Of Snowmen and Snowballs by MissMalfoy77 and Stuffed Bears and Mistletoe by Copper Rogue Please check these stories out if you have the time, they were all wonderful submissions! And winners, forgive me for taking so long, hopefully its better late than never.