sad. I would never hurt Dah- Dace and he would never hurt me." "Thank you, Akane!" "Akane Celice, everyone!" Caesar raises her tiny hand over her head as he swaps her out for the district partner, former mentor, and romantic partner (much gossiped-over due to their other connections and age difference). Dace Liatta Dace and Akane give one another a funny, comradely bump of arms from wrist to elbow as they pass one another. "Like I was saying earlier about district partnerships- Ten's got a pair to watch out for, I think!" Caesar exclaims. Dace clasps Caesar's hand and gives it a hearty shake, his usual form of greeting. "Akky about covered the most of it, I imagine," he rubs the back of his neck and squints at the lights in his equally familiar, "aww, shucks," manner. "Well, if Akane's gone and stolen your thunder in regard to Games strategy, take the opportunity to tell me what else is on your mind, Dace." "Umm, I would like to lodge a complaint to the world at large? Number one: I was working on a new dance routine before the Quell was announced, but since I was an absolute lock, seeing as I'm the only male victor Ten's ever had, I lost all desire to finish it, so that's that. Number two: I poured an awful lot into helping Akane with the expectation I would get to see her grow old." "Dace," Caesar jokes, "Are you asking the Sponsorship Board for a refund?" Dace gestures with his forefinger and thumb to indicate a very small amount. "Maybe just a partial one?" "Anything else?" "I am hoping there might be a bola or two for me at the Cornucopia? Might as well go one last round with my signature weapon." "I suppose we never know what the Gamemakers have in store for us. -Sponsors, you know Dace is looking for if he doesn't get his wish." Dace's responding expression is conflicted. He'd rather any money go to Akane, but he does intend to be there to help her. …And, in any case, he thinks they're both dead anyway. Seeder Greenwile "You're certainly festive and summery with that flower in your hair," Caesar compliments the next victor up, "Did it make the journey with your from Eleven or does it boast a more local provenance?" She reaches up and absently touches the white bloom. "Well, I didn't bring it along on the trip, so I doubt it's traveled as far to be here as I have unless my stylist is keeping things from me. I'm glad she's backing away from that pervasive fire theme for the interview because I think all her work with artificial-enhanced flowers is really starting to go to some amazing places. …the fairy wings for last year's interview were something lovely too. I almost wish something like that would've suited my looks." "Oh, you should've pushed for it," Caesar speaks sympathetically, enjoying this fairly mundane exchange with her, "You could've pulled it off!" Seeder laughs in a low, natural manner. "Ha, you're as much a flatterer as ever, but I'm no flighty teenage now, I know better." "You've always been one of our more well-spoken victors, Seeder," Caesar shifts the subject slightly, "So I imagine whatever thoughts about the Quell you may want to share with us will have been carefully considered beforehand." "Thank you, Caesar," she inclines her head politely, "It's true, I do have a little bit I'd like to say about the Quell. It takes a little context to understand though, so bear with me here…" "I will hang on your every word," he promises. "In District Eleven, it's one of those things like the changing of the seasons, an immutable truism of the world- the sun rises, the sun sets, the president takes care of everyone and everything. President Snow's got to be the most powerful person in the world- he's certainly more powerful than the president before him- I can tell you that and I was only a little girl during the previous regime. There's nothing in Panem that won't bend to his will. For the Quell to be what it is then, I suppose the means one of two things. Either that President Snow really isn't that powerful, or this particular Quarter Quell suits him just fine." Seeder shakes her head. "Either way, I guess I'm a little disappointed." "Looking out at the crowd tonight, Seeder, at least you can rest assured that you're not the only one," Caesar squeezes her hand. Chaff Evaugustine Chaff barely allows for a few seconds to exchange pleasantries with Caesar, primed from his partner's words to speak to the crux of the current situation. "Hey, you know Seeder's got me thinking, right?" he cuts into the last of Caesar's words in his rush to make his mind known, "President Snow is all-powerful- I honestly can't consider that part of the equation to be in doubt. If he wanted to, he could change this Quell. He could stand up from his seat and do it right this moment, call into the show live and tell you the whole thing's off-pick a new Quell card, reschedule the thing…! Hell, if he wanted to, he could cancel this year's Games entirely!" "So, Chaff, does this mean you think-" Caesar tries to step in and guide this train of thought a little. "I think he doesn't do anything to change it because he doesn't think it matters much to anyone," he is pointing in his accusation. "Well, all he has to do is look around the audience here tonight to see that there are many Capitol citizens with strong feelings about the Quell…" Chaff keeps on quickly bulldozing forward, "Yeah, yeah, he does. …And it won't take any special committees or presidential cabinet meetings for him to get a read on which way that wind is blowing." [Katniss Everdeen] [Peeta Mellark] Twenty-four victors stand together just once before they begin to fall.