spying the sides of the bakery and taking a quick look inside to make sure everything with Glimmer is alright. "Hey, maybe our little thief is having an off day." My focus on Glimmer's words, I take a step back to think them through. And that's when I see her. Concentrating too much on the details, I had missed the big thing. She has been making her way down the street for awhile now, while I had been busy searching for her at the front of the bakery. For some reason I had imagined her jumping from the roof or appearing from some dark corner, but it seems she does her business the "blend in" way. To me, she still stands out and not just because my very job depends on recognizing her. I know how to read people both by physical and mental attributes. Her walk and her posture, which are the only two things that can help me judge her from here, tell me she's tired in more ways than one. She's trying to force self-confidence, but every second step she falters. Her eyes stray in too many directions. Nervousness. I can relate to her in that aspect. "Glimmer, she's coming your way," I finally manage to say. "You have ten seconds." Through the telescopic sight, I watch as Glimmer stands up from her seat abruptly, not caring about the many witnesses. With the same manner, she tells me loudly, "Be ready.". I place my finger on the trigger, more focused than a moment ago. Haymitch can't possibly be happy with the show my partner just put on, so if I blow the mission too, we will be stuck at level two for the rest of our careers, if we keep them. Glimmer has about two steps to take before she is right in Katniss' face. The thief knows she has nowhere to run to, but she still takes an abrupt step back. With a sigh, Glimmer takes out her badge. "Protocol," she says simply. With the magnified vision, I see Katniss' eyes widen in fear as she examines the object. B.I.R.D. is new to her. She's been chased by the police many times, caught, released, caught again, ran away, so by now she must have expected the FBI, maybe CIA. But they don't deal with individuals like her. No, the honor comes to us. I look lower for any hidden weapons, but all I find are trembling hands and unsteady feet. It's hard to fit that image with the one described to me - an uncompromising, heartless, unwilling to stop no matter what, woman. The innocence and fear she irradiates could very well be just her cover, but she doesn't look like a bad guy to me, not like the ones I've seen - brutal criminals, getting their death verdicts with sneers on their faces. This girl can't be a minute older than me and it's doubtful she's hurt more people doing minor stealing than I have doing my honorable job. Why is she involved in this? Why when she knows the eventual consequences? "You're going to wipe that expression off your face now and walk with me to the black jeep at the end of the street," Glimmer demands coldly, linking her arm with Katniss'. To an outsider, they look like friends. I sigh involuntarily, running a hand through my hair. My job is done. Another day that my reccuring nightmare doesn't become reality. I'm just about to begin collecting the rifle to go and meet up with them at the jeep, when a quick movement grabs my attention. I don't need telescopic sight to figure out what's happening. Through Glimmer's jacket, Katniss has felt the small knife my partner always carries in her pocket. The thief has it firmly in her fistfor the second it takes me to yell out "Glimmer!" before she buries it deep in the hand of her abductor. The first thing I'm alert to except for Glimmer's blood running down the footwalk and Katniss running away, faster than I've seen anyone run, are people exiting from the bakery and other nearby buildings. If my scream didn't alert them, Glimmer's surely did. "Peeta," Glimmer's raspy voice comes from my earpiece. "Shoot her. I can still see her." I wait for Haymitch's instructions, anything. But my decision is inevitable. "Damn it, put her down." That's all that the bullet does - puts the victim to sleep until it wears off after 2 to 3 hours or until we awaken them after they're transported to the right place. That's the only thought that helps me load the rifle. While I search for Katniss, I come across many confused innocents that make me hesitate once more. The cashier from the bakery, wrapping a towel around Glimmer's hand. A small boy, being picked up by his mother, as, who I assume to be her husband, runs to help. An elderly woman with two kids by her side calling for an ambulance. I get more lost and lost in their faces. Am I looking for Katniss at all? "I can't…," I've barely uttereted, before two identical black jeeps run down the street. B.I.R. first parks in front of the bakery and a woman comes out, going to Glimmer. The second continues down the road. To finish my job. Nevertheless, Katniss Everdeen's name on my file will be followed by Mission failed . A/N: Hope you enjoyed this first chapter! I've been working on this since February so I have quite a lot written. Of course, the more your feedback inspires me, the faster I'll update. Every chapter will be divided as this one - the first part will be the current events and the second will be a flashback telling the story of how Katniss and Peeta became so close. I might post teasers and other things on tumblr, so if you want to see that or have a question, you can find me as seaquell .