to the forest with me, I want to say. We saw a doe and her fawn. They were so beautiful and we were so still and quiet, they didn't move though they were so frightened. And then Gale shot them. He shoves himself out of his rocker, so violently that he sends the paper and the pen flying but instead of coming at me, he flings himself all the way across the porch and snaps the screen door shut behind him. His fingers tighten till they turn white on the mosquito-net lattice of the door, his eyes huge and dark as he stares at me across the metal. Still I don't move, careful not to spook him. "Your hair." This is the first time I hear his voice from his own lips in almost a year. It doesn't sound like Peeta at all, Peeta's voice was never so cold, so hard. I touch my hand to the fuzz on my scalp, feeling oddly defensive. "I cut it." His own flops into his eyes, so long that I wonder that no one thought to trim it before they sent it out of the Capitol. Must be the fashion then. "Well you never were pretty," he snorts. "What's looking like a skinned rat to you?" I turn right round, more angry than hurt now. How dare he. Even if he rushes out at me now, I have my bow and arrows. I'll take him down and I won't even fill sorry for him. The Capitol turned him into a mutt, hijacked him they're calling it but they made him one of their own. The doctors can say he's almost cured, that he's so much better but that's not true. That thing inside Peeta's house is not my Peeta, sweet, gentle Peeta whose only fault was being too good. But instead of crawling back into my room and between my sheets, I turn right for the forest, stomping all the way. I never pegged you for a coward. Haymitch's words needle me more than they should have. What can that old drunk have to say to me that can hurt me now? I shoot a rabbit, a pair of squirrels. Its not much, the old Katniss would count it a poor day and worry about what to eat, but its more exertion than I have seen for months. I'm too tired to be angry after skinning them and stuffing them in my game bag. So tired that I curl up on a flat, sun-warmed rock beside the lake and fall asleep. When I wake up my cheeks are cold and wet and the sky is the dark purple of larkspur. I crawl under the fence and go back, past the empty streets. First I go to Peeta's dark house and I drop the bag with the squirrels on his porch, thumping hard on the door several times before I go away. I am almost home when I hear the scrape of a door, an arm reaching out of the darkness and taking the bag. Squirrel was always Peeta's father's favorite, his favorite. Fry it up and it'll be good, I think and I want to tell him so badly. Forget tell, I want to run across the street and march into his house, cook it for the both of us. Peeta is not a cook, he's a baker and I wonder if he remembers how to cook for himself, if he's eating. Maybe this is how Haymitch feels about us. When he's coherent. But I wait on my porch till the door clicks shut and a light turns on in a room. Two squirrels wouldn't be enough, I think. Peeta needs to eat better. I'll get up early tomorrow, I think, and drift inside my own house. Without turning on the lights, I slurp up the cold bowl of greasy broth Sae has left on the counter for me and march up the stairs. Tomorrow I'll go hunting for real. A/N: So I reposted this, changing it slightly. In this version Katniss doesn't meet Snow before the execution because she's in the hospital the whole time so she doesn't figure out about Gale or Coin. I was inspired after going on a marathon of beautifully-written Everlark fanfiction and listening to the Mockingjay soundtrack - anyone else have Hanging Tree on loop? So, umm, if its not really clear - the rescue mission did happen and Annie and Jo were picked up, but Peeta was kept somewhere else so they couldn't get to him. He was rescued at the end of the war and without coming into contact with Katniss, the doctors had no idea how violent the hijacking was or how he'd react since he seemed normalish away from Katniss-triggering stimuli and of course there was no one left who'd conducted the actual experiments on him. This is going to have a bit of dark!Peeta. I wrote it because I was a little frustrated at how Peeta went on being resolutely good and heroic for Katniss, even after he'd been through as much as her. So I decided to turn it around, when Peeta was too weak to take care of himself, just sort of giving up like Katniss did in the books. In this fic he can control his violent tendencies towards Katniss, just barely, but he's still bitter and confused since no one has really walked him through it like the squad in District 13 or his old friends did in the actual books. So he's suspicious and scared of her, just patched enough that he's not violent all the time to her and then sent away. So Katniss has to be Peeta for Peeta - in her own Katnissy way. I hope I didn't make anyone OOC, haven't written THG fanfiction in ages so all and any criticism is appreciated! Oh and reviews are love, of course :) The quotes are from "After a while you learn" by Veronica Shoffstall.