You can't work!" Constance pointed out. Clementine scowled at her sister. "No one was talking to you, Constance! I was talking about chores!" Constance turned her head away with a huff. Pearla then decided to jump in. "Clementine, you could have gotten hurt in there! You know better than to go into the forest." Rose nodded in agreement, then she gave Jax a disapproving look. "Jax, why were you in the forest? You know the dangers of that area!" Clementine answered for her brother. "I got him to go. I asked him to come with me." One of the puppies barked, stealing her attention for a moment. Then she felt a little nudge and realized one of the pups is missing. She looked down and saw her favorite one sitting loyally at her feet. A rush of emotions surged through Clementine. "Please, Rose, please. I will work. I will help around the house, I'll do everyone's chores!" She promised. "Rose, please give the girl a chance. Perhaps these puppies will be great guard dogs. It will teach the children responsibility." Mr. Harper coaxed softly. "Dad, I don't want a puppy. I have Chester!" Constance exclaimed. "Besides they're not even real dogs, they're Mutts." Pearla gasped. "Mutts? Clementine, you know what Mutts are, right?" She spoke in a patronizing voice. Clementine gritted her teeth. "Yes! I do! But I couldn't just leave them there." "Lower your voice, Clementine. No need to shout." Mr. Harper placated. "Rose, Clementine should learn about responsibility. All the children should, I will work extra shifts to get more food for the puppies and the kids and Clementine will keep her promise. We do need a more hands in the house. Does that seem fair?" Rose sat in a empty chair next to Pearla. She looked thoughtful for a moment. "Alright, that seems fair. As long as you keep your promise, Clementine. If you don't, those pups will be gone!" Clementine glanced at her Father. She loved him so much at this moment. Clementine couldn't contain herself. A jolly smile grew on her face. "Yay!" She cheered. With that, she scooped up her favorite pup and snuggled with it. The pup's violet eyes flashed with happiness. Mr. Harper loved his daughter's enthusiasm. "What will you name him?" Clementine shrugged. "I don't know. Maybe….." Clementine examined the pup thoroughly. At first she wanted to name the pup, "Violet." but then she discovered it was a male. So she decided on a better name she liked. "Grey." She said. "Because of his fur." "That's a cute name." Mr. Harper praised with a warm smile. Clementine smiled back. "Thank you, Daddy." "Can I have one?" Jax chimed in. "I really like that one." Jax directed a finger to a yellow eyed pup with a white fur. As if on cue, the same pup ran to his feet with energy. "I think I'm going to name her Winter because of her fur." "Pearla, Luke, do you two want a puppy?" Mr. Harper asked. "There's only two left." Luke looked thoughtful. "Sure, why not?" He turned in his chair and pointed to pup with grey eyes and grey fur. "That one. I'll name that one, Silver." "I want that one." Pearla chirped. "I'll name that one Beauty." She said, pointing to the very last one. It was a female pup with yellow eyes and beige colored fur. She's the calmest out of all the pups, she sat in one spot, with her tail waving slightly. Clementine couldn't stop smiling. … "You are not bringing in that mutt into our room!" Constance declared. She stood right next to her bed, she wore a bright pink gown with her auburn hair was tied into a ponytail. It was nighttime and the household is all ready for bed. The pups slept in their new master's rooms. Clementine glared at her sister annoyed. She hated the fact that they shared a room. Clementine would rather share a room with Pearla, her brothers, and even Rose. "Take that puppy out of our room!" Clementine was having none of it. "No, you get out!" She fumed. She wanted her sister to disappear at that moment. "Get that puppy out of this room or I will tell Mommy and Daddy!" Constance threatened. "Tell them, tell Rose and Daddy!" Clementine urged frustrated. Clementine hated the word, "Mommy." at that moment. It reminded her of her own Mother. A person that Rose could never replace. Her Mother's face popped up in her mind and Clementine felt a pang of longing. Clementine and Constance looked nothing like their Mother. Almost none of the children did, expect Pearla. Their Mother had blonde hair and green eyes and olive skin that vastly contrasted with Clementine and Constance's auburn hair and vivid blue eyes and fair skin. Clementine's hair was thick and unkempt awhile Constance's hair was prim and usually tied into neat braids. Luke and Jax resembled their Father, with their dark hair and brown eyes and fair skin. With that she grabbed a nearby pillow and put it on the floor. She then pointed to the pillow. "Go, Grey. That's where you will sleep." Grey sniffed the floor mindlessly for a moment, looked up at Clementine, and then went to the pillow. Clementine flashed Constance a mischievous smile. Constance crawled into her bed. "You need to stop acting like a child!" She huffed, laying in bed. "You're going to lose that deal, I'll bet on it." Clementine crawled into her bed with a miffed frown. "Shut up! I will not lose anything." She flared. Then she reached over and turned off the lamp, blackening the room. "Good night, Grey, sweet dreams." She whispered. (This story is going to be slow, I wrote this story before, but I kept getting writer's block on it. So I'm going to take it slow and easy. Please review and comment on it. Please give constructive criticism and reviews on the characters. Chapter 2 will be out eventually.)