the door. Shigure stops. "Nothin' probably, but then I'll know whether or not he knows." She nods, agreeing to this. "We've been going up and down the rivers for a while now," Shigure launches straight into it. Oboro already has his waterways map spread across his desk anyway, so if there's any need for a demonstration, there will be no need for him to set up. "And I'm starting to think you don't know where it is you're even trying to go." "Oh. I'd been expecting one of you to bring that up sooner or later," Oboro isn't bothered by the part-question part-accusation. "And I thought it would be you, Shigure. But you shouldn't worry. I do know what it is I'm looking for. …It's where to find it that proved a bit trickier." "It's not on the map?" Shigure wonders. It looks pretty detailed and up to date, at least to his inexpert eyes. "It moves," Oboro replies. Then Sagiri knows. "Why are we headed for Raftfleet?" "Bright girl," Oboro looks proud. It's going to take Shigure a bit longer than that. "Wait. What?" "He hasn't found Raftfleet because it moves." "But I've asked around when I could, and just today I've been updated and we are almost upon them." The proud glow doesn't leave him. "So trust me a little further. I think when we get there you're going to have a real nice time." They make it in a day and just a moment on the deck looking at all those people and watercraft and sounds and smells and colors is enough to make Sagiri turn around and go back down to lie on her cot for a while. Shigure is taken a little aback, but after checking on Sagiri, who assures him she will be fine on her own, he goes out with Oboro to take the lay of the "land" as it were. He comes back with two grilled corncobs. Sagiri is sitting quietly in the deck-level portion of the boathouse (the sitting room/office). The vivid sails and banners and people are pleasant with the distance of a pane of glass between Sagiri and them. "Here," Shigure offers her a cob of corn, "This is for you." "Thank you." Oboro picks up a sheaf of papers and fans himself. "The sun's blazing strong out there today. …The night should be different though." "What's at night?" Shigure inquires around a mouthful of corn. "What I wanted to bring you here for." "…I don't think it would kill him to give a straightforward answer for once," Shigure stage-whispers to Sagiri, who keeps her mouth politely closed as she chews. "It's the atmosphere I brought you for," he explains, "But don't worry, I don't expect either of you to go out and do anything you don't want to." "Well, even for Raftfleet, you can tell this isn't just the usual sort of boisterousness," Shigure observes. "This is the first day of the Star-Gazing Festival. The part where you chat and dance and mingle with people might be the draw for some folks, there's food and games and shopping too, but I wouldn't have brought you if I didn't know there was something you could enjoy without putting yourselves out into all that." Sagiri runs her tongue over her teeth. Bits of corn are sticking there, but she won't try to blatantly pick them out with her fingers in front of these two. Her eyes dart over to meet Shigure's and he asks the question that's on her mind as well. They don't share all the same thoughts, but there's turned out to be enough of a connection between them that the most obvious points don't always need to be spoken. "And what's that?" He's already becoming more open than Sagiri, more casual, just like he wanted, and he pokes a fingernail between his teeth to deal with a stubborn bit of corn. "You don't want to be surprised?" Oboro plays at the patient father. "Can't consider coming here surprise enough?" "Well," Oboro sniffs, though he doesn't seem particularly put out, "The two of you figured that out beforehand." "Please," Sagiri speaks, this single word a deathblow. "Music," he answers, "Fireworks. We don't even have to get off the boat." It sounds lovely. Something different, but beautiful. Loud, but safe. The three of them together will be enough. "I already know the best place to watch." It would be no fun for them to squeeze together, press their faces against the glass, and try to watch the sky through a window. "We can sit on the roof. It should hold." It's all agreed to. They climb up as the sun is going down, Shigure clambering up with the help of a chair and then offering hands down to assist their rise to the roof. Oboro quips that he hopes he's not getting so old that he can't make it on his own, but he's happy for the help. The night falls slowly. Somewhere- from the big dragon boat, maybe- a band begins to play. As the sky blackens, the fireworks follow. The big bursts of color pop and overlap, expanding out across the sky. Sagiri senses Oboro's eyes as they graze her face, but he glances away fast enough that they don't make eye contact. He's looking at Shigure now. Sagiri knows what he's looking for. Some kind of sign, even if it's not a conventional one, that they're happy. That what he's doing is what they want. That it was worthwhile to bring them here. He cares about her as a person, not as a tool. Shigure too. Sagiri feels something. Maybe not enough to show on her frozen face, but it's warm and anxious all at once, like a bird fluttering inside her chest. She choses to stay with Oboro and Shigure. Someday that may change (there are shadows from her past that still loom over her), but until there's a reason, she'll chose that every day.