he hated "their lousy way of doing things," citing the way they had turned so quickly and brutally on Song Wen four years before. "I swore when I saw that," he informed Caesar Flickerman, "That I would never team up with 1 and 2 if I were in the Games. They play way too dirty. What those guys did to Song wasn't to help them survive. You kill in the Games so that you can live another day. You don't torture people. And it's not supposed to be fun." The 55th Games were marked by a high number of accidental/Gamemaker-induced deaths. The tributes from the flat plains of 9 and 10 had been paralyzed with fear when they saw the terrain and they were hardly the only ones. It would be hard to prove, because that interpretation of the facts is always officially discouraged, but there were a high count of suspect suicides as well. Fourteen tributes died on the first day. There was plenty of drama, but not as much blood on view as on average. Six more tributes went on by one over the following week. The high-stakes game of cat and mouse between the final four tributes (male 1, female 2, Theo, female 5) lasted nine more grueling days. Food and water were hard to come by. When Theo looks back at the studio set, what does he think, reflecting on those things? In the advertisement being filmed, he will climb, clamber, and reach, stretching, stretching, stretching to grasp a new sort of designer orange-grape-blackberry hybrid as purple as an amethyst instead of the ordinary blackberries he struggled to find to survive. He had many close calls in regard to the cliffs and the heights. "Too many," Mags gently rebuked him upon his return. "He's making me lose my hair," his father declared during the final four family interviews. Some of those close calls were real ("And terrifying"), but some were just acting. Theo is a natural at playing for the cameras. The sponsorships he gathered this way made up for the allies he refused. This is why many of his return trips to the Capitol are to play himself in advertisements or on cheap celebrity game show programming. He has a flair for the dramatic. When the District 5 girl slipped and found herself wedged in a crevice but still refused his offer of help (leaving everyone who cared to ask forever: would he have helped her?), he returned to watch her struggle several times and each time tossed her down a flower (she must have hoped, on what ended up the second to last day of those 55th Games, to outlast the careers at this remove, but the boy from 1's throwing arm reached her). The bit actors sitting in folding chairs on the sidelines of this picture have been picked to resemble those last three tributes from Theo's Games. The also-rans are quickly forgotten by the Capitol, but someone researched/re-watched enough to make these casting choices nearly spot-on. They take Theo back, in their echoes of his old opponents. All of this has groomed him as an actor. He is so skilled that the Capitol all but believes him when the Third Quarter Quell is interrupted and he says he and Song, present as mentors, don't know anything about it. All but. Then the torture comes. Finnick Odair is wearing a golden net. He's artfully tangled up. This is a fashion photo from the 75th Hunger Games (the Third Quarter Quell) clipped by some aspiring artist or designer to provide a burst of inspiration. The owner would hardly have been the first to have wished for Finnick Odair as a muse. He wears the net and the net also wears him. The fisherman has been fished up in the same sort of maneuver he used in the arena on both fish to feed his body and tributes to feed his victory. No matter how big a fish, there's always a bigger fish to eat it, or so it seems. In his Games he fought and defeated a strange, octopus-like creature that tried to drag him down, but afterward the tentacles that tried to grasp him were multiplied a thousand-fold. He was graceful in the water and danced across the slippery rocks. It almost appeared as if he could breath underwater he stayed down so long, the sunlight glittering down and lighting up his lithe young body and his golden trident. He smiles in this picture and it's a beautiful thing, but it's not the same as the innocent joy that filled his eyes when he first laid his eyes on the arena's waters (that he could be- could look, at least- genuinely delighted within the arena undoubtedly worked in his favor). There are only echoes here- ripples spreading out from the Games that had come before. The easy Games, not the tricky, subtle things they played in the Capitol- the ones that had come instinctually, not the ones he had had to learn. He is as lovely in this picture as he is in most others. What lies behind that loveliness is the part that is open to interpretation. He is loveliest to the Capitol when he kills. The odds are zero, when the reaping comes around, that they will not summon him to kill again. Annie Odair (nee Cresta) is holding her baby. She's holding him properly, but from the tension apparent in her body and her eyes, it's as if she lets go she might drown. If there's something keeping you afloat, you should be thankful for it. Annie knows plenty about the forces that will conspire to let you drown. Things have been bad for her. Bad and then worse and then better and then almost as bad as she imagines they can possibly be. But Annie is alive. She's back in District 4 when all the other victors are gone. No one is better than she is at treading water.