given. "Well," she leans in conspiratorially, ignoring the fact that this will be on national television, "What about a secret crush?" She wishes, right? Maybe the viewers do. I know that Kayta Hiro's girlfriend gets attention. …I suppose none of the other victors have significant others (or not ones that the Capitol approves of enough to reveal?), because I think that would be all over the tabloid TV. "Oh, no," I shake my head, "I've got so many other things on my mind." The Victory Tour, for one. Not freaking out, for another. "I have a feeling that you'd be able to get almost any boy around there you wanted." I don't agree, but she saw Lito. I don't know if they talked, but he could probably sell her on that impression with some of his looks of restrained interest alone. Whether that's true or not, she's supposed to say it, I have to remind myself. I'm a victor. I'm supposed to be "desirable." …But if they were picking for looks, Sparrow's the one they should've gotten. It's in "character" for me to downplay this kind of thing, fortunately. "I don't know about that… I'm not that pretty and I'm really stubborn and," I go in for the coup de grace, "Sometimes I sleep with my mouth open and drool." "Just a nice reminder that no one's perfect, dear," Apple chirps back at me. I think I'm cracking her up inside, but she stays as perfectly professional as you would expect. "Is there something in particular you're looking forward to on your Victory Tour?" I can play nicer with this material because I have a sincere interest in it. "Meeting the other victors," I declare plainly. "Any of them in particular?" Apple continues. Okay, maybe I still need to play it cautious. I can't just say that I want to find out what the deal is with Emmy Pollack. I can still be honest though, because there's a lot more on mind regarding my fellow victors than that. "Any of them; all of them, really, but if I have to pick someone specific, um, Shy Evert? I guess I'm kind of her fan, actually. I was happy when she won." I'm not sure if it's okay for me to say that this has a lot to do with the fact that I felt like she was avenging Aoko and the other weaker tributes like her." And there's another one I want to mention, although saying so aloud gives me pause and I can't figure out the reason for my hesitation. "…We met briefly in the Capitol, but I'd also really like to see Jack Umber again." I don't have any good reason to give as to why. I just find him…interesting. Of course, Apple can easily find an angle to approach this from that will stir up the fervor of the big Hunger Games fans in the Capitol, mine and Jack's both. "More interesting than the boys in District Four?" she bats her gem-speckled false eyelashes. "It's, uh, not exactly the same kind of thing, Apple," I counter, although I don't fight the accusation too much. It's not the same thing as the talk about the boys back home. That could be something (and it could send someone there the wrong message), but this is obviously fiction. I assume that Jack Umber knows more about show business than any other victor, since he's been in the spotlight longest and being on television is pretty much his talent (as a matter of fact, I don't know or remember what his official talent is), so I can't imagined this will ruffle him much. "Hmm, I think I'm onto something here. …Well, boys, you have some tough competition. Miss Mags went away to the Capitol and came back home with sophisticated tastes!" "Aaaaapple," I groan melodramatically, putting hands over my face. It's as much a game as anything else (but does she have to be so- so- ooh). "Do you have a special message you'd like to say to Jack in case he's watching?" she prompts me eagerly. "Jack," I turn my face to stare directly into the camera, "People listen to you and no one listens to me, so next time you see her, tell Apple to stop making fun of me." To the right of the blond cameraman, Tosca Snow looks exceedingly pleased. When the interview airs the following night while we're still on our way out to District 12 (it was the slow start that first day that stymied us), our exchange is followed up by a "special message" in reply from Jack Umber. It actually looks like he might be sitting at home, but it's probably just some sound studio set-up. "Apple!" he announces without preamble, "Stop making fun of Mags! It's not her fault that she has good taste!" This is all so ridiculous and apparently shocking to me that it takes a moment to set in. I should be laughing now, right? I look around to see the reactions of the people watching with me. Aulie starts laughing first, hysterically, clutching his arms around his stomach. Erinne and Spring shove each other's arms, giggling, while Irish rolls her eyes and slaps her hand against her forehead. Tosca only smiles and reaches for her drink. When I meet Apple's eyes, I see that she's taken aback as well. She begins to laugh nervously, "Well, Mags, I suppose you got what you asked for..." An equally awkward chuckle escapes my lips, "So are you going to listen to him or will the mocking continue?" "I think our friends back in the Capitol just about expect it now," she counters. I am playing by ear here and I'm no musician, so the best I can do is one thing (one step) at a time. Jack Umber, I hope you know better than I do how to deal with what I've started, because I have no idea where I'm headed now…