It's your first Reaping. Everyone's nervous the first time out." "Were you?" Katniss asks. "Yeah," Gale admits. "Are you now?" Katniss asks. "Yeah," Gale says softly, then stands up. "We better be getting back. It's not good if you're late to the Reaping." They walk back to the fence in silence. Gale helps Katniss through the hole first, then slides under the fence after her. They both walk through the Meadow together, each lost in their own thoughts. "Guess I'll see you later, then," Gale says as they reach the Seam. "Yeah," Katniss says softly. At least I hope I do. Katniss turns without another word and starts walking to her house. "Catnip," Gale calls out. Katniss stops and turns to see Gale still standing in the same spot. "Happy Hunger Games," he says with a wry grin. Katniss hesitates for a moment, then returns his grin with one of her own. "And may the odds be evah in your fav-uh !" "You too, Catnip," Gale says as he turns to walk home. The Reaping is over. Katniss irritably tucks the back of her blouse back into her skirt, then turns to Madge Undersee. "Did you know the girl, Madge?" Katniss asks. For the first time, she notices a pin on Madge's blouse. It's a Mockingjay. It's really pretty! Madge nods. "Her parents own the watch and clock shop. I didn't know her very well. She's eighteen. This was her last Reaping." "In that case, she didn't have far to walk to get to the stage," Gale says, appearing next to Katniss. "Feel better now, Catnip?" "It's so much worse having to stand here wondering if your name will be called," Katniss admits. "But yeah. I feel better." "Good!" Gale says cheerily, then turns to Madge. "First Reaping for you too, Miss Capitol? Well, nothing for you to worry about! You had what, one whole slip in the bowl?" Madge says nothing, but her compressed lips and blush were easy enough to read. "I have to find my Mom and sister, Gale. I'll see you at school, Madge." "Bye, Katniss," Madge says, then spins and hurries away. "Was it something I said?" Gale says with a smirk. Katniss roughly punches the older boy on the shoulder. "That was really mean, Gale!" "Oww!" Gale exclaims, rubbing his shoulder. "And what was mean about it, Catnip? You and I both know that she has no chance of her name ever being drawn. None of these Townies do!" "Oh, really!" Katniss says angrily. "Well, why don't you tell that to the parents of the girl that was just Reaped, the next time you're in the clock shop!" "Well...I mean, sure, it happens every now and then," Gale admits. "But still, for every Townie there's probably ten Seam!" "Forget it," Katniss snaps. "I see my mother and sister." Without another glance behind her, Katniss hurries over to her mother and sister, who both hug her tightly. As her mother hugs her, the older woman glances up, steps back, and says, "Oh...hello." Katniss whirls around to see Gale standing directly behind her. What are you doing here? Go find your family! "Hi," Gale says awkwardly. "I...uhh...anyway, I ran into Thom. He said that my baby sister got sick during the Reaping so as soon as it was done my Mom took the kids home with her." "Oh," Katniss says quietly. "Uhh - Mom, Prim. This is Gale. Gale Hawthorne." "Hello, ma'am," Gale says, then turns to Prim. "So you're Catnip's little sister?" Prim giggles. "You're right, Katniss. He does call you 'Catnip!'" Katniss rolls her eyes as her mother says, "A pleasure to finally meet you, Gale. Katniss has talked of you often." "Really?" Gale asks in surprise. "Oh, yes," the older woman continues, oblivious to Katniss's growing embarrassment. "It's so nice that she's found a new friend." "We're not friends," Katniss and Gale say in unison. Both Prim and their mother frown in confusion. "I don't understand. Then what are you?" "Partners," Katniss says firmly. Gale nods in agreement. "Yes," he says, "Partners. That's all we are." "Well," the older woman says, "We should be getting home. And Gale, please tell your mother that if your sister is sick tomorrow to bring her by to see me." Katniss stares in amazement at her mother, who continues, "I am a healer, you know. Just a little out of practice, is all." "I...I'll do that, ma'am, thank you," Gale stammers, then turns to Katniss. "I guess I'll see you tomorrow, Catn-I mean, 'Katniss.'" With that, Gale turns and hurries away. Katniss finds herself watching him until he's lost in the crowd, then slowly turns back to her mother and sister. Katniss is quiet as they walk back to the Seam. As soon as they arrive home, she grabs a t-shirt and comfortable pants and quickly changes out of the blouse and skirt that her mother had selected for her to wear to Reaping today. By the time that she finishes changing, her mother is once again settled into her rocking chair, her brief flirtation with the real world behind her once again. Katniss sits Prim at the table, her battered spelling book laid out in front of her, and sternly admonishes her to practice her Monday spelling words on the slate that both girls share for homework, then, with a curt "I'll be right outside," slips through the front door and takes a seat on a nearby tree stump. Idly she draws doodling designs in the coal-dust blackened dirt in the front yard with a stick that she had picked up, trying to ignore the rumbling in her empty stomach. Dinner was still several hours away. I don't even like him all that much, she says to herself. We argue over everything. And he was mean to Madge today for no good reason. He's just a good hunting partner, nothing more. That's all we are. We aren't friends. We're just partners. That's it. Partners. THE END