space and headed slowly down the mountain. She had arrived at the observatory promptly at 6 P.M. and was prepared to admonish Dr. Hawthorne for not calling her as he had promised once her discovery was confirmed. When she walked into the building, the first person she encountered was Elise Orr. "Dr. Hawthorne wants to see you - right away," Elise says tightly. See looks positively grim! Melody says to herself. "Feeling better, Elise? Gotta watch out for that bad sushi!" Melody's attempt at a joke falls completely flat. As Melody walks past her she see tears forming in Elise's eyes. It was just a little joke, Melody wanted to say, but then she was in Dr. Hawthorne's office. Five minutes later, she understood completely why Elise was so upset. For the next twenty minutes or so she poured over the data that Dr. Hawthorne was showing her. Although she didn't run the figures herself, she had confidence that what she was being shown was correct. She discovered the end of the world. Dr. Hawthorne had suggested that she take the night off, and she was in no condition to argue. As she sat in the car she had a sudden, ridiculous thought - PAN-STARRS was designed to find potentially hazardous celestial objects, and she found a doozy - so why bother staffing it at all? Tonight or any other night for that matter? In six months it wouldn't matter anymore, anyway. Dr. Hawthorne had admonished her not to discuss this with anyone - at least until the knowledge became public. He also told her that he would be talking to Thomas Jackson, the Presidential Science Advisor, later on in the evening to appraise him of the situation. Mechanically, Melody drove down the mountain. In spite of its battered appearance, the cars hydrogen engine purred smoothly. She suddenly realized that she had nowhere to go - nowhere she could go at a time like this. She certainly couldn't talk to Charles about it, and didn't want to go back to the small apartment. She found herself pulling into the parking lot of a small bar. "Perfect," she muttered to herself as she slowly walked into the bar. It was almost completely empty. She walked up to the bar and fumbled at her purse. "Can I help you, miss?" The voice of the bartender, a Hawaiian about her age, cut through her thoughts. "Oh...uhh...double Jack Daniels on the rocks," she stammered out. The bartender wordlessly poured her the drink. After paying she walked to a small, empty table, sat down, and raised her glass to the sky. "To Melody's Comet," she says bitterly, taking a large swallow of the potent bourbon. 7:16 P.M. - WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 1ST, 2070 The bleary, sleep-creased face of Dr. Thomas Jackson, Presidential Science Advisor to President Janice York, stared in disbelief at Jack Hawthorne as he digested the information that he had just been given. "This, of course, has been confirmed, Dr. Hawthorne?" Jackson snapped out. "By five independent set of calculations, based on the orbital data received thus far," Jack replies, trying valiantly to control his temper. "But this is, after all, a comet," Jackson says. "Comets outgas and form all sorts of eruptive plumes - any one of which can affect the orbit of a body of this nature." "Yes, sir, all that's true - but our observations have shown an incredibly close perigee. At this juncture, a miss is the more unlikely of the two scenarios," Jack explained patiently. "Dr. Hawthorne, I think any announcement now would be premature. This object should be kept under observation for a while until a more thorough calculation of its orbit can be made. Otherwise, we'll do nothing but incite a panic." "Dr. Jackson - we can watch it for days, a week, even a month - and all that will tell us is where it will probably strike when it does. The very unpredictability of comets is exactly why I'm calling you now. This isn't Apophis, which, you recall, missed us in both 2029 and 2036. Apophis is an asteroid with a very easily calculated orbit. This is an Oort Cloud comet - a damn big one - that will be traveling at fifty-one kilometers per second as it approaches Earth. And further observation has revealed an anomalous feature that we haven't quite been able to identify. God knows, I hope - I wish - I'm wrong. But from where I sit, there will be a major impact event on Planet Earth on July 4th of this year. But for now, I simply suggest that you brief the President on what we know so far." Jackson sighs heavily. He rubs his chin thoughtfully for a moment. Finally - "Alright. Send me all your data. The President has her 7 AM "coffee brief" tomorrow morning. I'm always invited to attend, although more often than not, I usually have nothing to contribute. I will appraise her of the discovery and of the potential - I say again, potential risk of an impact. When will you have more concrete data?" Jack looks thoughtful for a moment. "If we get time with Tyson, that, along with maintaining observation from here and Mauna Kea - forty-eight hours and we'll be able to tell you what hemisphere this thing will come down in." Thomas Jackson nods. "Dr. Hawthorne, I'll appreciate your continued - discretion - regarding this issue. And I'll keep you appraised of my meeting with the President tomorrow. Goodnight." The connection is suddenly terminated. Jack reaches over and taps the "End Call" button. He then types in a few commands to send Thomas Jackson all the data collected thus far on Melody's Comet Tiredly, Jack stands up and gathers up his coat. My wife is not too happy about my being here today, he thinks. I'll make it up to her, tonight. If he's right, humanity has about one hundred eighty three more nights to ever make anything right again.