only been a minute of thrusting, is really a sight to behold. I don't come. I didn't expect to. Not the first time. But I enjoy it immensely. To be The One for another once more. That feeling I need to protect at all cost. I cannot disappoint Gale. We lie in each others arms in the grass under the tree and I slowly caress his skin with soft feathery touches, when he suddenly looks at me with panic written all over his face. "Catnip, what about birth control? We didn't use any!" I certainly took care of that particular problem a long time ago thanks to my mother. I don't want a child. I asked my mother for help when my cycle suddenly turned irregular. I didn't tell her that it only started after I had forgotten to eat frequently. She had the perfect solution for my bloody problem in form of a little pill. My mother has her own business now, an apothecary which is part of the biggest hospital Panem has ever seen. She can get me any pill I want and it turns out I want a lot of them. I'm pretty sure my mother is still feeling bad for neglecting me and Prim. And for just leaving me alone here in Twelve. In some twisted way, she is repaying me by not asking any questions and giving out pills for free. Some might be placebos because they don't always work. She won't give me fake medicine for contraception however, that much I am sure of. I tell Gale he doesn't have to worry about it and climb on top of him, seeing that my touches have the intended effect and he is hard again. My own soreness is vague. I know that he will leave in less than two days. I don't know when we will see each other again, only that it might be months. I try to map out his body, remember every inch for later references. I'm determined to get as much pleasure as possible, already cursing the fact that I only took action now. 12 wasted days. I have to make every second count from now on, until the day after tomorrow. Today is the 28th of June, Saturday. A train will depart from District 12. And Gale will be on it. I smile bravely as long as Gale is still on the platform. We embrace one last time and he lifts his hand to my head to play with a lone strand of my hair that came loose from my braid, a gesture that is so connected with another time, another place, another... I act without a second thought, as I jerkily slap his hand away. Not this, not from Gale. His eyes narrow at my reaction. He knows what I'm thinking about and I see my carefully constructed no-serious-talk-plan go awry. When I desperately throw myself at Gale and start to kiss him I'm not sure if it is to distract him from asking questions or kiss him goodbye. I feel that he can see right through me in this instant. The train driver is hooting already. He must leave now. Barely has time to say more than "Goodbye Catnip," in a sad, defeated voice and then he is gone. Away from me. Tears are forming in my eyes as I force my arm to perform a waving motion. When the train cannot be seen anymore I break down crying in the middle of the platform. The passersby can watch a real spectacle here this afternoon. The proud Mockingjay collapses in public. What a sight that must be. I'm all alone again. I already feel the panic like bile rising in my throat. I am not free to follow him. I cannot board a train or fly with a hovercraft, the way my letters do. I want to be on that train with Gale and leave this wretched hole called Twelve. I told Haymitch to stay away. I don't want him to see me in this state and I surely don't want him go around and talk about me. I know he does talk and with whom and it makes me crazy. Blinded by tears, barely seeing where I'm going I walk on unsteady feet across the square towards the main road. Too late I realize that I took the short route to the Victor's Village. The panic is threatening to overwhelm me and I force myself to calm down. I'm a strong, grown up woman. I can walk this street and wherever I want in Twelve and no one can forbid it. It is late in the afternoon, which means he won't be out anyway. I keep my eyes on the ground, pass the bakery and break into a run. Sweating, I finally arrive in the Victor's Village. Against all better judgment my head turns to the left, to the house on the opposite side of mine. No sign of life. I breathe out. I didn't realize I was even holding my breath and turn towards my door. And stop. Someone was at my letter box. And it wasn't the mail man. I'm not sure how I know this, but I do. I fumble for the golden key, feeling nervous. I open the box and yes, there is a letter inside. I take it out and see that there is no stamp or address. Only my name, Katniss Everdeen, is written on the beige envelope in green ink. The characters look a bit messy, as if the writer has forgotten how to write and had to learn anew. I know who has written it now and probably put it in my letter box just minutes ago. I turn around once more looking at his house, searching the windows with my eyes. Still nothing. I return my attention to the letter in my hand. Slowly I flip it over and my gut clenches unpleasantly. The sender is Peeta Mellark.