He's not the only one. Katniss looks a little green, too. They show Spirit taking care of the various members of the alliance for awhile, and then the Gamemakers send coyotes to scare her away from us. People in the audience actually start booing the coyotes when they show up. It turns out that Spirit downplayed the fight with the coyotes; it's bloody and lightning-fast, looking like a preview of the mutt fight that's coming. When one of the coyotes sinks its teeth into Spirit's arm, Lief swears loudly. "Was that when -" "Yeah. Pipe down, Lief, people are trying to watch," Spirit says, hushing him. It's while Spirit is cauterizing her own wound that I figure out what the Gamemakers are doing with the way they're cutting the footage. They're trying to set us all up for the final confrontation, to make it look like they knew what we were going to do from the beginning. The reason they focused so long on Spirit, her strength and determination and especially her fight with the coyotes, is so they can pretend they knew she was a mutant all along. But the rest of us end up looking odd. Lief is mostly spastic, with occasional flashes of purpose, while I look like a dangerous, unstable creep in every interaction except the ones I have with Spirit. Katniss is sometimes lethal - so it was her who blew up our supplies and killed Marvel - but mostly pathetic. Lover Boy is mostly pathetic. I glance over at him. He's stroking Katniss's hair and grinning like he's king of the world. Pathetic. Yeah, so what else is new? After the Gamemakers announce the rule change, there's a long and pretty boring bit where Katniss and Lover Boy hang out in a cave, kissing and talking. Spirit and I meet up in the woods and she runs away. After that scene, they cut straight to the feast. Spirit looks puzzled. "Huh. I wonder why they didn't show -" "Shh," Lief says. Onscreen, Clove has just run toward the Cornucopia, and his eyes are glued to the screen. I don't like seeing how Clove died, but knowing that Thresh gets what's coming to him makes it easier. They show Lief saying goodbye to her, and the camera doesn't leave her body until they lift her into the hovercraft. Spirit nudges Lief with her shoulder. "She's okay now. You know that." Lief nods, but I don't think he believes her. For the next ten minutes, the camera stays on Lief, Spirit, and I. When Lief kills Thresh, people in the audience cheer, and Katniss shoots an angry look at Lief, like the way they're acting is his fault. Spirit's eyes are closed. I think she's asleep. She stays asleep right through the end of the Games tape, and we have to shake her awake for the presentation of the victor's laurels. She's still pretty wobbly, but when President Snow places the crown on her head, she stands up straight and lifts her staff in a salute, getting a huge cheer from the audience. The smile that President Snow gives her looks forced. Then it's off to the party at the president's mansion. On the way there, I hear Spirit's mentor and a couple doctors arguing loudly with one of the Gamemakers. Something about more surgery and not ready and needs rest. The Gamemaker shoots back with 'her presence is required'. Spirit's mentor loses the argument, and so we end up waking Spirit up again because she has to go to the party. I try to stay close to her, but she gets stopped by a couple of crazies who've had surgery done on their hands to make them look like her claws. Then the crowd gets between us and I lose sight of her. I haven't had time to talk to her at all. And I still haven't given back her ring. People shake my hand, ask for autographs, follow me everywhere. District Twelve is getting the worst of it, though; everybody wants to see them. They're stuck in one corner of the ballroom, surrounded by photographers and drunken Capitol officials. Four hours into the party, and I'm hiding in a dark corner with a bunch of sleepy drunks. These guys are so boozed up that they don't recognize me, which suits me just fine. I just need a break. Lief runs up to me, looking panicked. "Where's Spirit?" "I don't know. The last time I saw her was at the beginning of the party." Something occurs to me, and I say, "When was the last time you saw her?" "The beginning of the party!" Someone like Spirit can't just go missing. She can't have left the president's mansion. I remember in the arena, toward the end, when she was so sick she couldn't keep her eyes open, and I shiver. But that's over now. The doctors fixed it. Didn't they? "I'll take that side, you take this one," Lief directs. "We have to find her." We split up and move through the darkened ballroom, searching for her. I walk past a woman who's sitting against the wall, her head tilted to one side. She has short dark hair, and I assume it's just another person who's dressed up like Spirit, drunk into a stupor. Then I see the bandages wrapped around her arms and the staff lying discarded beside her, and I know it's not an imitator. It's her. "Spirit!" I get down on my knees next to her and feel clumsily for a pulse. I can't find one, so I take a deep breath to try and calm down and check the other side. Nothing. I check her neck, hoping. She has a pulse, but it's weak. And it's really slow. I pick her up in my arms. "Don't you do this to me," I tell her. "Everything's supposed to be okay now." Then I shove my way through the crowd, searching for help.