thoughts because he started to kiss my stomach and then moved his way up my body kissing each one of my scars until he had finally worked my shirt over my head. I lay there and didn't meet his eyes. "Katniss, you look beautiful." He assured me and began to cover my body with kisses again. He worked up my body and down and I sighed in pleasure and delight was his lips raked against my fresh skin. He pulled my pants down and off with little trouble and soon was over me again. He looked me very point in the eyes until I would meet his stare. "Are you sure you want to do this? Just so you know I've never done anything like this before and I don't really know what to expect." He blushed slightly at the end and looked down. I was so nervous and scared I didn't want to speak in fear that my voice would shake and give me away. Instead in response I took off my breast bindings and pulled my underwear down and off all the way. Then I was just there, I had become totally vulnerable and open to him. I bared all and I was relived. Peeta's eyes looked over my whole body and while I wanted to hide I fought it because the look in his eyes made me feel like I was worth something. He looked at me like he was looking at the most precious thing in all of Panem. Slowly and awkwardly Peeta pulled his underwear down. I let out a small gasp when I saw his manhood. I had seen glimpse of him naked before but nothing like this, so intimate and up close. This was a whole new side of him. Slowly he positioned himself over me and my entrance. My body had a strange reaction while I waited for him and suddenly I couldn't wait anymore. I grabbed him around his neck and pulled him down on me, he guided himself inside and I let out a sharp gasp as he penetrated me for the first time ever. The tearing was almost too much and tears began to fill my eyes. This is not what I thought it would be. Peeta looked at my face and quickly jumped off of me. "Katniss! I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you, God I'm such an idiot!" He brushed my hair back from my head and apologized over and over again. "Peeta, stop. It's ok. I knew it would hurt at first, please. Can we try again?" I had heard girls talk about the brief pain and then the wonderful sensation afterwards and if this small pinch was all it took to make Peeta wholly mine then I would tough it up. I was no stranger to pain and this wouldn't last long. He reluctantly got back on the bed and positioned himself over me again. I could tell he was about to rethink it again so before he could talk I pulled him down on me and crushed my lips on his. I moved my hips to meet him and he was inside of me again. This time it didn't hurt so badly and I could feel the warmth beginning to rise inside me. Peeta took a few short thrust at me until he finally found a rhythm to keep and he slowly pulled his head back up, he used both arms to steady himself and I pulled my legs around his waist and anchor myself onto him. Consequently this did wonderful things to my insides and it felt even better. I could feel Peeta losing himself in me and soon all kissing stopped. He thrust again and again and I felt a tingle inside me work its way down until I erupted in euphoria. Peeta collapsed on me a second later and I laughed at his exhausted features. He had a thin sheet of sweat on him and his back felt clammy. I knew I felt the same way and I loved it. We laid next to each other until I couldn't handle to separation anymore. I half climbed on him so we were closer and laid my head on his chest. I felt my head move up and down with his rapid breathing and closed my eyes. This is what I've needed. For the first time in a long long time I felt safe and whole. There was no threat of the depression pulling me under tonight and I dozed off in bliss. Peeta and I stayed wrapped up in each other that night with our naked bodies intertwined. We would sometimes wake up at the same time and try new things. I was on top of him once and he tried to last longer. That night was full of passion and love. We were finally together. We were finally whole. We came together with our two broken halves and made something whole and new again. In the morning I woke up to find Peeta already awake looking at me. He kissed my nose and smiled. I couldn't help but be happy despite the sore and ache in my muscles. I held on to him and he gave me a devilish grin. "You want us to do it again. Real or not real?" I laughed out loud and playfully hit him on his chest. "After last night I think it's you who wants to do it again!" He shrugged and I mocked hurt. "Well, I may want to do it again." We laughed and kissed and he became very serious instantaneously. "You love me. Real or not real?" I thought about everything we went through and how we had come so far in such a few months. How no matter what I had always had him and how we grew together. I sat up on my elbow and looked him straight in the eyes. I kissed him long and passionately. "Real."