him into me. I could feel him trembling as he held himself up on his arms, trying to maintain self-control. When he was partially inside of me, I felt him reach a barrier that made me inhale sharply. "Katniss, we don't have to do this," he said, tenderly brushing my hair back from my face and attempting to pull out of me. "No," I said, vehemently shaking my head. "I want this." The look in my eyes must have conveyed my seriousness because he did not protest. He simply nodded and said, "Tell me when you're ready. And tell me if you want me to stop." I nodded in agreement then took a deep breath as I said, "I'm ready." With a final thrust of his hips, he had broken the barrier and was completely sheathed inside of me. I gasped at the pain as he gasped in pleasure, nearly collapsing on top of me. "Are you okay?" he asked, collecting himself. "Yes, just give me a moment," I replied quietly. He kissed me as he allowed me to adjust to him. When the pain had subsided to a slight discomfort, I let out a breath and said, "Okay." He pulled his hips away from me, almost completely withdrawing from me, and then gently thrust back into me. After several more thrusts, he began to find a rhythm that seemed to please us both. When I began meeting his thrusts, his arms buckled. "Katniss, I…I can't…I won't be able to…" he whispered, flushing. I kissed him tenderly as I locked my legs around the backs of his legs, guiding him into me and letting him know it was alright. He persisted with the steady rhythm for a little longer until his thrusts came quicker and a little more forcefully. He continued to quicken his thrusts, until they were frantic and he was panting desperately above me. I wrapped my arms around him, placing my hands on his back, feeling the tenseness of his muscles. He shivered as I raked my nails down his back and then suddenly he went rigid above me. I looked up at him with intrigue as his muscles went taut, his eyes squeezed shut, his mouth fell open, and he let out a loud agonizing moan. I felt him pulsate inside of me and a warm rush spread through my abdomen. Then he collapsed on top of me, shuddering. I kissed the top of his head as he tried to catch his breath. After his breathing slowed, he turned his head to look at me. "Katniss, that was…that was amazing," he said. "Thank you." He peppered my face with kisses then tenderly kissed my lips. I smiled down at him but suddenly his face fell and he looked serious. "Did that…did it feel good for you?" I nodded. "Yes." "But did you…did you…" he trailed off, seeming embarrassed. "Did I what?" I asked, confused. Instead of answering, he rolled off of me onto his side, pulling out of me. I felt a stickiness on my thighs and felt fluid leaking out of me. Peeta suddenly let his fingers trail down to my folds again where he immediately found that sensitive spot. It was even more sensitive than before and I gasped loudly as my hips bucked off the bed. Peeta took on a look of concentration as he began to rub the spot intently, making me writhe and moan his name. I felt a tightening in my lower abdomen building, until suddenly it was as if my body couldn't take anymore and I felt a release. The pleasure radiated throughout my entire body, sending tingles down my legs and up my spine. As I fought to catch my breath, I felt Peeta stroking my face gently. When I opened my eyes, I saw the sun was rising and was beginning to illuminate the room. The dread of what was to come suddenly came crashing down on me again. Peeta must have thought the same thing because his face fell. "Katniss," he began quietly. "No matter what happens in that arena, remember tonight. And remember how much…how much I love you." He caressed my cheek as he said this and I felt tears well up in my eyes. "I won't forget," I promised as I leaned in to kiss him, silently thinking I wouldn't have to remember for very long if Haymitch held up his end of the deal and got Peeta out alive instead of me. When I pulled away, I saw a soft, sad smile gracing his lips. "You have no idea how much that means to me. How much this meant to me. I understand what you've just given to me, Katniss, and I'm going to treasure that for the rest of my life." The fact that the rest of his life could only be a few more days went unspoken. But I silently promised him that I would get him out of the arena alive. I smiled back at him as the sun rose a little higher and the golden hues highlighted his hair and eyelashes. I cuddled up next to him in the position we started the night in and watched the sun rise with him, his hand tenderly stroking my naked shoulder as mine played with the dark hairs on his chest. Suddenly there was a soft knock on the door, letting us know it was time to get up. Peeta sighed and turned to leave a lingering kiss on my forehead. I reluctantly moved away so that he could get up. He sat up and swung his legs over the edge of the bed. I watched his back muscles flex as he leaned down to pick up his boxers and pull them on. He found the rest of his clothes and pulled them back on as well. As he walked to the door he turned around to look at me and said with a melancholy smile, "I'll see you soon."