District Eleven boy runs into the fields, and I instantly know it was him. No one else could have done that to her. Five ran off and she had Fire Girl pinned. I turn to see Fire Girl disappear into the forest, but there's no way I can go after her right now. Not while Clove's still dying. I'll have time for her later, have time for everything later. The question is if Clove'll be there with me. I kneel down beside her, my hands cradling her head before I even realize what I'm doing. "Clove," I whisper, and she moans. Her eyes flutter open and she looks me in the eye. "Cato," she says, acknowledging that I'm here. "I shouldn't have left you," I tell her, "I should have helped you. I'm so sorry." Some people might be a little less guarded as they slip towards death, might tell people all the things they never wanted to say, now that it's over. Clove, it seems, is not one of those people. Even through the pain, I can see her glower at me. "I didn't need you to save me." I gesture to the dent in her skull, but even in this state, Clove isn't one to reason with. Her glare intensifies. "If I couldn't save myself then I don't deserve for anyone to do it for me." I resist the urge to shake my head. Clove will be Clove, but I'm not going to argue in my best friend's last moments. "You can make it, Clove." Even though we both know she can't. Clove was never one to try to hold on to a fantasy, so she just smiles sadly, "You know that's not true." "I'll miss you Clove." There's nothing else to say. Nothing I can let myself say anyways. "I'll miss you too. Win this, alright?" I nod, choking back a sob. I don't cry. I can't cry. I never have, I never will. I tell myself I would have had to kill her anyways if the rule hadn't changed. So why do I feel so broken as I look down at the dying girl in my arms? "Cato..." My name is her last word and the cannon sounds. I lay her head down gently and stand up calmly, even though more than anything, I just want to scream. Yell. Destroy everything in reach. I can feel my hands shaking and nothing is making sense. Clove? Dead? She can't be. But she is. My breath is going in and out in strange rhythms, almost like sobbing. No, that doesn't seem right. I've never cried before. And I'm on screen in front of all of Panem. I can't cry. But there's something inside me that I've never felt before. I've felt a ghost of it sometimes in the training center with Clove, but that was always a happy feeling. This time it's different. Tearing me apart from the inside out. Making my chest hurt and my mind try to find something to hold on to in a world where everything seems to be falling apart. Clove was the only one I'd ever truly cared about, and she'd been taken from me, in a few fateful moments. I remember the conversation we'd had years ago, when we both agreed that love was for the weak. Well as Clove's body is lifted out of the arena, I think to myself, ' I feel weak enough.' I have Lover Boy in headlock, and Fire Girl's arrow is aimed straight at my head. The finale. I'm finally here. But there's no sense of victory. There hasn't been. Not since Clove. Killing had always been an enjoyable thing. The feel of a lost life by my own hands was always so satisfying. But when I killed District Eleven, slowly and painfully, vengeance for Clove, all I could feel was rage. I made him pay. Made him pay with his life. But even his death won't bring Clove back. I smile through the blood. "Shoot me and he goes down with me." My thoughts turn to Clove, as they so often do now. I wonder about if it was Clove in this headlock, me threatening to end the life of the tribute holding her, even though it would sacrifice her too. I wonder what I'd do. I can see the panic in Fire Girl's eyes. Lover Boy will be dead soon. And then it will be just me and her. And maybe I can take her, maybe still win. But it's still a hollow victory, I'll still go home with no best friend. I see it a second after she does, and by then it's too late. Fire Girl's arrow is piercing my hand and Lover Boy's falling out of my grasp. As I land on the ground, the mutts take no time descending on me. My sword's still in my hand, so I try fighting them off. Besides, I promised Clove. It isn't just about me anymore. But then one takes my sword and I'm helpless. I try to think through the pain, and all I can do is pull Clove's face into my mind. Then, after what seems like forever, Fire Girl appears, aiming an arrow at my head. This time, I want it to come. I'm dying anyways. "Please," I whisper, and it looks like she understands. In the moment before the arrow finds my skull, I whisper the words I couldn't make myself say while she was still alive. "I love you, Clove." A/N: Thanks for reading. Yeah, I made Clove's last name Fuhrman, because I just love the entire cast, and Isabelle Fuhrman is my role model and favourite actress ever. Also, I apologize because I can't write fluff, and that's why they were best friends instead of... erm.. never mind... I literally died while writing this. I just couldn't. I hope you liked it, I honestly almost cried in Clove's death scene. Reviews will make my day! :)