please, after all." His fingers left her and he gently turned her around, kissing her lips slowly. "Get on your knees," he ordered and she went down in front of him, eagerly. Wanting to please, wanting to submit . "No, not like this," he said, sensing what she thought he wanted her to do. "On all fours, huntress, so I can see your back." As soon as she positioned herself, Peeta was behind her, sliding into her opening, the slick of her arousal making it the easiest entrance. Katniss groaned at the sensation of him finally inside her, filling up the annoying emptiness. A satisfied whimper left her as soon as he begun to set the pace. This hard, animalistic thrusting was exactly what she needed from him. He grasped her hips tighter, kneading her ass cheek with one hand, drawing her back to him with the other, deep grunts leaving him, sounds that were music to Katniss' ears. After being in that position for only a few moments Katniss felt herself tightening up, clenching her pelvic muscles, feeling the first signs of an orgasm. "I'm gonna come," she rasped out as a warning making Peeta pulled out, turning her around like she were some small animal. Being thrown around by him was always great fun, but somehow annoying in this moment. She hated being denied. The earth and grass under her body made the whole experience more real, more dirty in every sense of the word. "Peeta," she breathed, "Why?" "Touch yourself," he answered, slipping into her slickness once more, filling her, spreading her open. Mounting her. "And then come for me." Nodding eagerly, she began to rub herself, looking into his wonderful sky-blue eyes. Peeta smiled back lazily, when she realized that once more the attention was on her. On her orgasm, on her pleasure. She moved her hands, leaving her clit, up to her mouth. Her fingers were wet with slick. Katniss licked the tip of her fingers, sucking on her own juices, eyes never leaving his. Peeta bit his lip, concentrating on holding back, at least a few more moments. "So good," she whimpered, "All for you. Only for you." Alternating between cupping her breast and pinching her peaked left nipple, she traced his mouth with the wet fingers of her other hand. Peeta began to suck the digits eagerly, encouraging her, coaxing along with his tongue, the look on his eyes awed. As if the aroma of her musky pussy, interlaced with her saliva was the sweetest nectar he had ever tasted. "My Peeta," she gasped, feeling the heat spread in her belly. She came from deep within, feeling the orgasm, knowing it couldn't be stopped, almost shouting into the open wilderness of it all. Exploding, one with the moment, with her woods around her, with her Peeta in her and their love at the core of their world. Wrapping her arms around him, he thrusted faster, his pace almost furious. Unable to hold back, she drew him into herself deep, deeper, the deepest. And then he came with a strangled, "Katniss…" spilling his seed inside her, her pussy milking him for all it was worth, releasing wave after wave of wetness, making them unable to tell where Katniss ended and Peeta began. They were one, united in body mind and soul. It was not something she had felt before, not something she had ever thought possible. That such bliss could exist in the world, a wonder. Peeta drew nearer, rubbed his nose against hers, giving her a peck on the lips, tasting her. Proceeding to lick the seam of her lips, she opened her mouth to kiss him, like he deserved to be kissed. Their mouths left in a dance of lazy post orgasmic bliss. Until the reality of the situation sat in. A pair of doves curred on a tree to their right, when Peeta pulled away, hand moving a strand of hair behind her ear. The combination of his semen and the wetness that seemed to have come from deep with in her had created an extremely uncomfortable puddle under her ass cheeks. Still, she couldn't make herself move. "My huntress," Peeta laughed, kissing her left nipple gently, "Oh…" And then he laughed again, still inside her and everything began to rumble from deep within. "Why are you laughing?" she asked, laughing herself. "It's the high. Gosh, I never came that hard," he explained. "Me neither," she answered, "That was indeed earth shattering." "The funny thing is that this ended up so, so….well, different . Thought I had it all figured out with my fantasies, and in the end the animalistic me took over." "That was my fault," she sighed, "Should have continued to deny you." He chuckled. "The distance was too much. I needed it. I needed you ," she grinned at him, "I hope that was okay." "More than okay," he groaned, giving her a sweet short kiss, "It was phenomenal. I got what I asked for, and more. You were very needy, and that's what I love to see." She scowled and gave his ass cheek a light slap, which made his returning erection twitch, "Don't be rude, Peeta." "Never," he whispered into her ear, "Let me make it up to you. This time I'll be the one to clean you up and then you can use me as your pet pack-donkey. I'll carry you back." "Sounds good," she agreed, and told him with a sweet blush, "It's obvious you are quite the catch, baker's son. I'm definitely taking you home with me." He beamed at her words leaning in for another kiss which Katniss gave gladly. Between more kisses, light licks and gentle sucks, the happiness never left her, a stupid grin etched on her face. There was so much more they could do. So many fantasies they could explore. Katniss was glad that she had pushed for this. The outcome of the hunt had been satisfying indeed.