me into torment until I'm whimpering. Then, he sticks one inside, dragging it along my inner walls slowly. He looks up at me as he does so, gauging my reaction. "Do you like this?" he asks. I nod eagerly. Peeta shifts himself so that he's on top of me. Then he begins rubbing my clit, repeating the same actions he watched me do. He angles his head so that his lips are against my ear, which brush against them as he whispers, "I'm going to learn everything about your body, Katniss. I want to know everything you like; every way to make you come. I'm going to find them all." I arch my back into him with a moan. He catches me; pins my arms above me and pulls off my shirt. Then, Peeta stops his actions, leaving me feeling wholly unsatisfied. I look at him, wanting to know what on earth he's doing that would make him stop. But Peeta sits up straight, pulls off his own shirt. Then he stands and yanks down his pants, kicking them off to the side. He walks briskly to the forgotten packages, picking up the box of condoms and literally tearing them apart until he has one free, rolling it onto him, before he returns and sits back down on the couch. "Come here, Katniss," he says in a husky voice. A little curious, but mostly aching for more of him, I crawl over, and he pulls me onto his lap so that I'm sitting facing him. I'm on my knees, but I can feel him hard against my thigh. He reaches underneath me, and pulls his penis up and begins rubbing my clit with the head of it. As he does so, he takes one of my breasts in his mouth and begins to suck on the nipple. I'm losing it at this point. Something inside me becomes unhinged, and I grind against him as hard as possible, no longer even trying to keep the moans I'm letting out quiet. I reach down between us and, as he continues teasing my clit with the tip of his penis, take the shaft of it and begin running my hand up and down it. Peeta's eyes roll back in head head at the feeling, and he lets out an especially loud groan. I smile down at him, and continue my motions, gradually building up speed until his own hand stills, his head fallen backwards so that it rests on the back of the couch. Then he stops me, picking his head up and looking me straight in the eyes, his look tense. He reaches down, takes his penis out of my hand, and repositions it at my entrance. Without waiting for his instruction, I sink down onto it, the feeling of him filling me up appeasing an ache I hadn't even realized I was feeling until it was satiated. Using my legs for leverage, I begin to rise and fall on him, moving faster and faster the more used to the position I become. Peeta grabs my chin and roughly moves my mouth to his for a kiss. We break apart as he lets out an especially loud groan. His eyelids are heaving , his eyes dark as he gazes up at me from beyond those long lashes of his. "Katniss," he whines, "Katniss, tell me it was me. Tell me it was always my hard cock that you wanted inside you." "It was always you, Peeta," I manage to get out. "It was always going to be you." My head rolls back as I let out a gasp. "I don't even care if you're lying," Peeta says as his fingers go back and begin working on me again. "Just come for me, Katniss. Show me what it looks like when you come." I nod, and surrender myself completely to the feel of him moving in me, our thighs slapping together when they meet with each thrust, and his fingers rubbing wildly on my clit. Finally, I feel that tensing. I breath in sharply; then, as I release I let out a cry so loud that I'm sure Haymitch must be able to hear it all the way in his house. I collapse against Peeta, my limbs feeling heavy and loose. He comes a minute later, and then we sit, panting hard, trying to regain our composure. Then I feel Peeta's lips pressed against mine as he wraps his arms around my middle. "That was amazing," he says. My head is curled against the crook of his neck, and I smile up at him. "I guess I see what the big deal is all about, now," I admit. He laughs, and rakes his fingers through my hair. "It wasn't a lie, Peeta," I tell him after a minute. He draws his head away and looks down at me curiously. I reach my hand up, and stroke his face with it. I've known this for a while, but Peeta deserves to know the truth. "What you wanted me to say," I tell him. "It was going to happen anyway. It was always you." His face lights up, and he leans in to kiss me deeply. I wrap my arms around his neck, pulling him into me. When we break apart, he's still smiling. "I love you," he says. "I love you, too," I tell him. "And that was really hot. Can you just think of all the other things we could do together like that?" I laugh for some reason, and shake my head. "Not really," I admit. He laughs a little, too. "Don't worry," he tells me, "we'll figure them out together. Maybe we can even find new ways to scar Haymitch with this." I laugh harder this time. But Peeta is right. The floodgates have opened for us, and from now on we can barely keep our hands off each other, exploring each other in every way imaginable, in every location imaginable.