This is about Peeta. She continues to suck, while she keeps his cock steady with her hands, but soon finds herself releasing him with a pop. Peeta makes incoherent sounds, tries to tell her something. "What is it, love?" she asks sweetly and places little kisses on his hard length, barely able to stand being away from him, even if it is just a few seconds. "Wanna guide me?" "No…I mean, yes…you're so beautiful, I love to watch you on your knees…oh…" He moans deeply as she nuzzles his curls with her nose. "Can you take off your shirt?" His cheeks are adorably pink. It's the best kind of turn on, a gift really, to be able to see him like this. "I wanna…" he stops, groaning. "Yeah?" she inquires, caressing his penis with her left cheek, enjoying the silky softness. The hardness is almost painfully insistent on her sensitive skin, so she opts to keep the nuzzling to a minimum. "I wanna see your tits," he moans quickly and that makes her grin. Oh, Peeta. Still so careful with her, so adamantly afraid of using the wrong words. But sometimes he gets so turned on that he forgets himself and these moments are, without a doubt, the most fun. She doesn't answer, simply takes off her shirt and bra and quickly pulls him into her mouth again, focuses her attention on the head of his erection by bestowing short, rhythmic sucks on it. His patience is running out as he grabs her head, puts both of his hands in her raven curls and pushes his hardness deeply into the moist cavern, unable to rein in his urges. Katniss relaxes her jaw to receive him, inept to control Peeta's jerky motions. He almost jumps up, clenching his ass cheeks tightly to get in deeper. She concentrates on leaving her tongue slack so he can fully enjoy the sensation of her mouth on him. Soon the first taste of salty precum at the back of her throat alerts her to his impending orgasm. "Oh..suck it, uh..keep sucking..ah, please, Katniss," he babbles and Katniss realizes that he is close by the way he pulses inside her mouth and forcefully buries his fingers in her locks. She reaches for his wrist, untangles his hand from her hair and presses his palm against her left breast. Peeta starts squeezing instinctively, hard. The sensation pushes him over the edge, makes him come with a sound that makes Katniss' insides do a happy is nothing more lovely than listening to the noises Peeta makes when he loses control, when he spills his semen in her pussy or in her mouth, like today. She concentrates on swallowing his seed while he spasms, makes sure she won't choke. Katniss perfected the technique of letting her love feed her without spitting or coughing long ago. It helps when he rides out his passion without having to worry about her discomfort. Her own sex pulses hungrily, equally craving his release, longing for his beautiful organ to fill it up. She is drippingly wet by now. Savoring every swallow, she listens to his moans turn weaker. The sound of her fervent sucking almost drowns them out completely, and Peeta continues to spill what has been piling up during these weeks of sexual frustration, every bead a proof of his carefully restrained desire for her. Katniss feels only joy at making him explode that way, she knows he loves seeing her kneeling down so, so much. She wills herself to avoid thinking of her own needs and pulls her legs together. Peeta always spends loads when they do it in this position, so she blissfully licks him through the aftershocks for some time, carefully squeezing out every last drop, as she promised she would. When his cock turns soft at last, it slips out of her moist warmness but she still continues to lap at it, until he gently pushes her away. Giving it a short kiss on the slit, she pulls herself up and sits next to him on the sofa. Peeta is coming down from his high slowly, smiling serenely. "Thank you," he whispers, takes her head in his hands and gives her a short peck on the lips. "That was lovely. Surprisingly hot and sweet at the same time. Not that I'm complaining, please feel free to do this whenever you like, but what's the occasion? You weren't exactly asking for it lately…." "My pleasure," she says solemnly and waits a moment. "Do you recall the last time I couldn't stand you touching me? When I wasn't in the mood for weeks, and suddenly the need returned?" "Quite vividly, those were tough times. That must've been a few years ago," Peeta answers her questions and then his eyes grow large. "You're pregnant?" "I'm pregnant," she says, "You better shape up, Mellark. I have a feeling this one might like you better." "Impossible," he laughs, "No, there is no doubt our little one here will be a Mama's child, through and through." He gently strokes her taut stomach. "Can you believe it? Us having another child?" He beams at her, but then immediately a cloud of worry darkens his expression. "Are you happy, Katniss? Are you happy with me?" "I love what we have together, our family. Yes, I am happy. I couldn't imagine having all this with anyone but you, Peeta. And frankly I'm a bit offended that you doubt me. Wasn't that the sexiest delivery of good news you ever had? I only get on my knees for you, you know." He smiles at her wickedly, and slides down the sofa slowly. "Let me return the favor?" he grins, looking up at her through his darkening blue eyes. "Always," Katniss smiles down at her love, lets him pull down her pants and can't help but think to herself that it is true. She has never been happier than with her Peeta during these wonderful days of early parenthood.