Cato(s' anger) after I blew up the career supplies. As usual they are happy to see me but as usual I am dreading President Snows reaction. His face sends chills down my spine. And make tears come out of my eyes. I think about how I have reacted to the challenges of this Tour. I think about Prim, Peeta, my mother, Gale and worst of all The. Being on this tour just brings back all the memories of the games. I just want this to end. And by this I mean the thing called LIFE. I remember Haymitch saying this tour doesn't end when we get home. And I pray everyday and night that this will end. I wake up screaming in the night. I ask Peeta to say and as soon as I say it I regret it. Peeta comes in and before I can register what comes out of my mouth he say yes. I can't believe that I just asked Peeta to sleep with me. But what I can't understand why he said yes and what are the consequences. He looked just as startled as me when I realised I said it. We do and it feels good, warm and I am for once thankful about the Capitol that they let us do the tour at the same time. Peetas' POV I wake up beside Katniss I leave just before she gets the chance to wake up. I just don't want to do this district I just can't. And everyone knows it. District 2. Cato and Cloves' district. We arrive on the train and when I first walk out I feel as if a sea of peacekeepers surround the train more than any other District. I later find this weird because there is little to no rebellious behaviour throughout the day. I hate District 2 just as much as the Capitol which is defiantly not unusual. Not even their "allies" like them very much and you couldn't blame them. The speech starts of as usual but when we must say a word for the fallen tributes I feel as if each of them (just with their families stares) stabbing my chest with every word I say. I look around and with every child I see I think do you want to be in our position? Because one day they will volunteer. I wonder if they actually want to volunteer or if it is to bring honour to a perhaps broken family order. I wonder if they vote who is going in as if they were voting for a student body President. I look and for a moment I kinda feel sorry for them but it is quickly dismayed. I thought we weren't the smart ones back in 12 but I look around here and I can't believe how much I feel sorry for them. The Mayor must see the anxiety about to leave my face, so he cuts the speech short. I sneak off. It's harder than last time probably because they seen me in District 4. I walk around dodging into alley ways if I see the slightest sign of life until I reach a peculiar building. It's different from the rest. I take a look in the window which doesn't give away too much information so I check another. And before I can even establish what I just seen I start running. I saw someone throwing l to go home tomorrow. I feel sick just looking at these people. I look alright. Cinna was busy so the district one stylist designs my costume. District 1 always had the nicest costumes at the Parade. The people of district 1 marvel at my costume and they wit to see what I say about the fallen tributes. I comment on Glimmers beauty and so does Peeta. There's not much else I can or want to say. I remember her body lying there on the floor after the tracker jacker attack. As I try and avoid looking at the male tributes family, I learn that his name was Marvel. How did I never know that? I suppose that before the games I didn't pay attention and afterwards I didn't want to know. I realise its the worst thing but I can't help myself. I begin to cry. Peeta tries to cover me up but its no use. The mayor escorts us off and I know I haven't done enough to please President Snow. If anything I have made it worse. I get on the train and we assess the tour privately. We obviously decided it couldn't be worse. Haymitch asks if we have any ideas to confess our love. We have really bad ideas to the point where I suggest marriage. Peeta is annoyed for some reason I thought he would be happy but he isn't. He storms off and I don't know what to say. Haymitch tries to say he wants it to be real but I know that isn't true. However I don't care and he knows as well as I do it is defiantly happening. I almost feel sorry for him not being able to choose who to love. I personally don't care. Peetas' POV We have made it back and we leave for the Capitol in two days. First things first I make my way back home to check on my family. I walk to the Victors Village from the train platform. I notice a lot more peacekeepers than there was before. I reach the Victors Village I pass Buttercup and theres something that's changed. Ever since we got back from the Hunger Games something's different about her. I look around and sitting on my porch is a familiar face but in a way I don't know him. I look at him with almost passion. I look at him he looks at me and before he can get a word out I beat him. I finally say the word of the person that I want."Gale...".