body. His hand stops to rest on my belly. "Maybe we should stop," he says with a smile. "The last thing I ever wanted to think about growing up was my parents having sex." I can't help laughing. "She's just going to have to learn to handle it," I say, returning his smile. "She?" Peeta raises an eyebrow. I shrug. "Call it a hunch." Peeta kisses me. "Okay. I trust your instincts," he tells me softly. Then, the mischievous look in his eye returned, adds, "and if your instincts are telling you we should have sex, then by all means, let's do it." I laugh, and let my instincts take over. I moan as Peeta's hot breath meets my hardened nipple. The way it feels when he takes it in his mouth still feels better than anything, even after all these years. I feel him, hard, against me in his boxers. I lift my hips up to grind against him, teasing. Peeta grins against my mouth, and swears under his breath. "We don't do this enough," he tells me. "I know," I agree. It's harder now, with two children constantly needing our attention. But the girl has started school, and the boy sleeps through most nights, and Peeta and I have finally found time for each other again. "I'm going to make you come so hard tonight," he promises as he dips his fingers down into my folds. I'm holding him to that promise; somehow, I doubt he'll let me down. And that's when I hear the faintest creak of a door opening. "Mama?" a small voice rings out into the darkened room. Peeta lets out another swear, louder this time, and I hit him lightly to remind him to watch his language. He rolls off of me and sits up, facing the direction of the door. "Ri?" he asks. "What's wrong?" "I had a bad dream," he whimpers. I'm grabbing around frantically in the dark, trying to find something, anything to put on. At last I find a shirt, though I have no idea if it's Peeta's or mine, and pull it on. Just in time, too, because by now our son has padded over to the bed and begun to climb on. He crawls over to where we are, and immediately I hold my arms out to take him in them. He curls up against me and sniffs. He's slightly damp from sweat; I begin smoothing back his blond curls in much the same way his father once did for me. Like I once did for him. I hold him to me, at once bitterly regretting that my son is already experiencing the nightmares I so badly wanted to keep away from him and his sister, all the while realizing that children having bad dreams is a normal part of growing up. "What did you dream about?" I ask gently. "There was a monster in my closet," he sniffs. "He was big, and scary and wanted to eat me. He's there, now." I chuckle quietly. "There isn't a monster in your closet, baby." "Yes there is," he insists. "He's going to eat me!" "Tell you what," I say, "why don't we have Daddy go and check for you? If a monster is there, Daddy will scare him off. Daddy's are good at that." "Will you, Daddy?" he asks as he turns his widened grey eyes on Peeta. "Of course," Peeta smiles. If imaginary monsters in closets are the only thing Daddy has to worry about, he'll do it in a heartbeat. He kicks off the blankets, not having to worry about strapping on his prosthetic since he leaves it on for sex. It's easier that way. As Peeta disappears down the hallway, I hold our son closer to me, and begin to rock him in my arms; I realize I'm humming. As Ri's head begins to sink further down my arm as sleep overcomes him, I allow the words to come. It's not the first time I've sung this song. I was very reluctant at first, when our daughter was first born, because the memories of singing it to Rue before she died were still so painful. But eventually it came anyways. It was the only song that could coax her into sleep some nights, and now it's the same for our son. But I will always feel a pang of unrelenting sorrow no matter how often I sing it. Peeta returns, quietly slipping into the bed beside us. "No monsters," he says. "He's asleep," I tell him. "Will you carry him back to bed?" "Sure," he agrees. But when I start to pass our son over, he begins to stir, then insist loudly that he wants to sleep with us tonight. I look at Peeta, who only shrugs. Our tryst will have to wait for another night. We settle back down into the sheets, our baby boy nestled between us. Peeta pulls the covers up, and I tuck them in around us, making sure our boy is safe and covered before I wrap my arms around him. As much as I wish I could have continued making love to Peeta, I won't deny there's a certain sense of calm I feel when I can hold my children in the night, protecting them from whatever real monsters are lurking out there for them in the world. I feel Peeta's arms encompass me, and he pulls both of us closer to him. He feels the same. The only way I could have ever done this was with him. We're a team, even now, when the arenas are all destroyed and there are no more Hunger Games. If it hadn't been for Peeta, and his way with words, it might not ever have happened at all. Peeta whispers that he loves us both. In response, I lean in to kiss him, then hold onto him tight. But I no longer dread the moment when I will have to let go.