to guide him. She ponders how one seemingly lowly cattle herder can remain so determined despite how little she gives him in return. Most importantly, she begins to question how any faery decree could possibly be more powerful than devotion such as this. Her heart goes into her mouth as he slips and falls on a particularly fast paced waterfall, but he does not need her help and carries on without any regard for the bruises he must have sustained. What could possibly drive this boy to abandon her once he had won her love? Are his kind not supposed to tremble at the very sight of her? He is brave and the more he sees of her true nature, the more he seems to pursue her. How could she have believed that an endless lifetime of wanting him will be kinder than loving him for all she is worth until he dies? She remembers the songs of her father in praise of her mother of how only a mortal with the purest and most constant of hearts could see past their fear of the faeries. She does not like to acknowledge it, but there is something about the mixture of blood that flows in her veins that promises to give her the potential to even outstrip the princely power of her father. She is not made naïve as he was by his misplaced affection for his father the faery king. If it came to it, what could prevent her from singing out to her allies, the elements and creatures from the valley and facing his rage here, on the highest point of Black Mountain? So she makes her choice. If Peeta can make it to the furthest shore then she will enter one more time into her realm in the deep, then return to accept his offering on the banks of Llyn y Fan Fach. He does make it. By the first light of morning, he waits this last time in the hope of just another chance to look upon her beautiful face. Time passes and without his cattle, he can wait no longer. In despair he takes one last long look into the blackness of the water and then throws the bread as far as he can towards the rock, crying "Nid oes gennyf unrhyw aur, arian neu gyfoeth i'w gynnig i ti, dim ond y fara a wnaethpwyd gan fy dwylo eu hunain oddi ar y ddaear cyfoethog. Mae hyn i gyd yn rhaid i mi gynnig, arbed fy hun sydd yn eich un chi am byth." I have no gold, silver or riches to offer thee, just the bread grown by my own hands from the rich earth. It is all I have to offer, save myself which is yours for ever." In the exact place where the bread impacts the surface of the water, two of the finest cattle Peeta has ever seen emerge from the water. They are followed swiftly by Katniss emerging out of the lake. She laughs happily for the first time since she left the human world and retrieves the bread before it sinks into oblivion below. She comes forth from the lake to stand before him, reassured further that Peeta does not attempt to take her hands; instead he bows his head and kneels before her saying earnestly "Fy wraig, Rwyf wrth fy modd yn fwy na'r holl fyd ar wahân ac eisiau i chi fod fy ngwraig. My lady, I love you more than all the world besides and I want you to be my wife." Katniss responds by gently lifting his face so he may look into her eyes and see the meaning within them. "Yn wir bydd gennyf i chi am eich cynnig cymaint ag y gall unrhyw ddyn yn wir. "Truly I will have you for you offer as much as any true man may." She thanks him for his gifts and pledges to him the use of the fine faery cattle, to do with as he sees fit. Despite her acceptance, the testing of Peeta is not yet over and Katniss gestures towards two small sets of ripples that have begun circling the bankside closest to them. To Peeta's amazement, two more faeries cautiously make their way towards him. The sight of them is so overwhelming that Peeta can hardly look up at them. The first is an older lady, more regal than any female he has ever seen and the second is another young lady as fair as Katniss, but as pale as the snowdrops that blossom despite the winter frosts. Her manner is meek and her appearance more human. Peeta knows that if any of the other boys in the village were to be in his place then she is the one they would choose. He however, is clear in his own mind as to where his own preference lies. As he predicts, Katniss casts a stern look at her faery godmother who in turn begins to rapidly entreat Peeta on how she has raised these sisters as if they were her own daughters and tells him that he must make a choice in regard to their fate. Peeta continues to bow down to the godmother and he is about to reaffirm his love for only Katniss when he notices that tiny drips of water are falling silently onto the satin of her tiny shoe. He realises that Katniss must be shedding tears for the loss of her closest companion. So without hesitation he promises that for as long as he lives there will always be a place for Primrose by the side of his fire. At these words the faery godmother seems satisfied and she disappears as mysteriously as she came. Peeta, Katniss and Primrose make their way safely away from the slopes of the Black Mountain, but the faery servants in the castle long wonder what became of the royal godmother, for she is never to be heard of again. .