not. If I made it to tomorrow. And I wasn't even sure if I wanted to make it. It would be a long night anyway. My thoughts ran through my head, I couldn't sleep at all. Sometimes I dozed a little, but then I would get another coughing fit and I was wide awake again. How long could someone survive with a fatal stab in the stomach? The cannon meant only three people were left. I didn't count myself, I had been defeated already. Minna was one of them. I refused to believe that it had been her cannon. The other remaining tributes were tributes she could handle. Even though she really didn't like it, Minna was a pretty good fighter! The only thing she needed was a knife, about as big as her hand. She knew exactly what spot she could hit best to hurt someone badly. If only she could get past the fact that she would have to kill someone. I was startled by the rustle of the bushes around me. Great, I thought, there is the next one. I had lost my knife and decided to remain still, hoping that the one that came visiting us wouldn't notice I was still alive. Even though every human in his right mind would know that at least one of us still had to be alive, otherwise both of the bodies would have been picked up and since it had been his photo in the sky, I had to be the one that was still alive. I heard soft footsteps coming towards me and held my breath. Hands grabbed my shoulders softly and carefully I was turned around. "Jarco?" I heard, softly. My eyes shot open. That voice belonged to Minna. Why had she returned? She had to go, continue! Win the Games! Go back home! She hugged me carefully. "Jarco, I was so scared that it was your cannon! When I saw his face in the sky... You don't want to know how happy I was!" It was only then that she seemed to notice how red the grass around me was. "Oh, Jarco!" She cried. "You look awful!" "Thanks," I mumbled. "Are you in a lot of pain?" I had wanted to say it wasn't that bad, but I started to cough again. The coughing fits came more and more slowly. Was that a good or a bad sign? Minna saw I grimaced from the pain and sobbed again. "I'm sorry." I looked at her weirdly and when I had caught my breath again, I asked her: "Why? You didn't do anything wrong, did you? It's not your fault we are here." She shook her head. "But if I had-" She was interrupted by another coughing fit. When I was done, she continued. "But if I had tried harder, if I wouldn't have left those trails, if I had fought, you wouldn't have been lying here." I grabbed her hand and it scared me how difficult that was already. "Sweet Minna. If you had done even just one thing differently, you might have been the one lying here on the ground. You might have been dead already. Then we both wouldn't have gotten this far. You did everything right, you just have to hold on a little longer." A new coughing fit stopped me. Everything turned red and my chest hurt. "Jarco? Jarco! Stay with me now! Please." I heard Minna sob. I opened my eyes again and pinched her hand. I tried to squeeze it as hard as I could, but did it so softly I thought she wouldn't even feel it. But she did and looked up. "Never ever scare me like that again!" "Why? What happened?" "You..." She swallowed heavily. "You didn't respond any more. And you were barely breathing. Please, don't go away. I need you!" The tears streamed down on her cheeks and I wanted to lift my hand to wipe them away, but I could barely lift my arm off the ground. How long would I still have left? The end neared. Just a couple of moments and I would be free from this hell. But I needed Minna to know she couldn't give up. She just had to go a little bit further. She was nearly there. " Minna, I cannot continue anymore. I cannot stay. And you don't need me. There are only two opponents left. You can handle them. Go home, to your brother. Go back and live. Promise me you'll win." No coughing fit this time. That was not a good sign for sure. "But I don't want to continue alone. I am scared." "I'm scared as well, Minna, but you just have to go on for a little longer. In not too long you can go home again, then you don't have to be afraid anymore. Please, promise me you'll try." Slowly she nodded. "I promise." She caressed my cheek, softly, afraid to hurt me and hummed some tune I felt myself dozing off again, but I still had to ask her something. "Minna, would you do something else for me, please?" I barely heard myself, but Minna apparently heard me clearly enough. "Just tell me, whatever you want." I swallowed. It was even hard to talk now. "Would you please take off my necklace and return it to my sister?" I didn't want her to wait until the Capitol had decided my necklace could be given back. That could take a very long time. I knew from experience. "Of- Of course." She sobbed. I looked at her and tried to give her an encouraging smile but I think it was more like a grimace. My end had come. "You are going to be the first sweet Winner of the Hunger Games." She gave me a small, watery laugh back and that was the last thing I saw before everything around me turned dark. Somewhere far away I heard the sound of a cannon. My cannon.