prostituted, that wouldn't really work out well, if someone found out. But he can't be sure, he must give this man, Aonus Rore, something. Something to buy time. But what? What? A thought comes to him quickly and he feels ashamed and guilty for thinking it, immediately recognizing it as the only solution. The lesser of two evils. "What about Peeta Mellark, Mr. Rore? Wouldn't he be more profitable for your business?" Haymitch never hated himself more than in this moment. He chooses Katniss again, chooses her over Peeta. Haymitch would sacrifice himself for both of them, if he could. Why was he so damn broken? Nobody would pay a penny for a drunk old victor in their bed. Aonus Rore hesitates, fearing a trap in all probability. "Why? He is a boy and not nearly as popular as her," he says sulkily. Haymitch shakes his head, "Well, yeah, he is a boy, but that can only be an advantage. The Capitol women will adore him. He is sweet and loving, good with words. They can feel like they are in a romance and imagine themselves as Katniss Everdeen, when they are with him." Haymitch knows he has to be convincing, knows he has to make Peeta out to be even better suited for this than Katniss, or it won't work. "Peeta is a popular guy in our district. He knows how to please a woman." Of course, Peeta knows nothing of the sort. Peeta didn't outright say it, but Haymitch knows he is a virgin. The kiss he shared with Katniss in the cave was most likely his first. Haymitch's head hurts, thinking of Peeta. The boy is still a child, so young, and almost equally as innocent as Katniss when it comes to these things. "By all means, that's true." The wheels in Aonus Rore's head seem to be turning faster now. "This is not a bad idea, Mr. Abernathy. In fact, Lemus Churcher told me before the games that he was interested in trying a boy for a change. I suggested Finnick Odair, but this is much more perfect in every sense." Perfect? Perfect would be only one thing. To strangle Aonus Rore right now. Haymitch takes another deep gulp of his drink, glad he steered Rore away from the idea of selling Katniss and disgusted about what that will mean for Peeta. "There will be double profits if Mr. Mellark is introduced. He can entertain men and women equally. What do you think, Mr. Abernathy, will Mr. Mellark cooperate?" "He will, if you promise to leave Katniss Everdeen alone," Haymitch says and tries to keep his voice down. The sad thing is, that he suspects that Peeta would really cooperate, if it means sparing Katniss. He would agree with this. The thought is unbearable. "I see. Well, my department will consider the offer, talk to Churcher and of course, President Snow," Rore says. "You will hear from us in due time. I'm afraid I have to leave now, and I'm sure you're busy, too. It was a pleasure, talking business with you Mr. Abernathy." Rore stands up and holds out his hand, expecting Haymitch to shake it. Haymitch's hand is gripping his armchair so that the white of his knuckles can be seen. He knows one thing. The only time he will voluntarily touch this man, will be when his hands are wrapped around Rore's throat. Aonus Rore huffs snootily at Haymitch's death glare and turns around to leave the restaurant. All fight leaves Haymitch's body. Peeta doesn't deserve this, he is definitely not worth any less than Katniss. Haymitch likes Peeta. Having to choose between the two once before hadn't been easy. Right now it is torture. Like given the choice between blindness or deafness. He had been proud and glad when Peeta didn't die and not only for the boy or Katniss' sake, but also his own. Returning with two victors to District 12, at last. It felt like a dream. Finally having two neighbors in that huge lonely Village, being part of a group, living with people who understand . He wouldn't have to be so god damn lonely anymore, there would be others to share the pain and the grief, and Peeta seemed like someone who would care. Haymitch understood this in the train, only hours after the reaping, throwing up, feeling sick and unhappy. Then there was Peeta. A boy who just received his own death sentence. Haymitch thinks of Peeta's blue eyes in that train, meeting his own eyes head on. Peeta was golden and shiny and warm. He had looked after him. Haymitch felt strangely safe when Peeta had helped him in the shower. There hadn't been a person so kind to him in years. The way Peeta handled him, it had been almost tender. Peeta Mellark is good. Too good. This here, this horrible business in the Capitol will destroy him. Not only being a piece in the Hunger Games, but being a Capitol whore. Even if Peeta hasn't lost himself in the games, he will surely lose himself in the sheets of some dirty Capitol mogul. Haymitch knows that he can't let that happen. Never. Fortunately he bought some time. For how long, he doesn't know. He feels so powerless, as powerless as when he realized that President Snow owned his life, all those years ago. Mentally he is already making a list of people who he can ask for help. There aren't a lot of them. Haymitch knows that he will defend Katniss and Peeta with his life. Both of them. He will not allow the Capitol to take them away from him. No matter what it takes. He can only pray that the whispered talks of an uprising, of a revolution are the truth. If they are, he knows he will fight on the front line, so he can help protecting these two. Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark, the winners of the 74th Hunger Games.