escape this hell!" so I just start humming the song from the beginning and hum it over and over until my shoulder is being shaken and I realize I'm being woken up. I open my eyes and my hands have fallen from my ears but my eyes are crusty from falling asleep with tears in my eyes and its morning. Momma puts her hand over my mouth and a finger to her lips to indicate that I should be quiet. She silently helps me get dressed and we tiptoe through the house, daddy is asleep on the couch that isn't comfortable to sleep on at all because of how many springs poke through. Momma silently opens the door and I don't dare say anything until home is out of sight. "Where are we going, momma?" I ask. "We're going to a new and better place; we're going to the Capital with momma's new friend." She answers me too cheerfully. "Will daddy come to the Capital later, like after work?" I ask slightly out of breath from running to keep up with momma's quick walk. She must not have heard me though because she doesn't answer. We just keep walking quickly until I can see the train station and there's a commotion drawing a crowd of people on their way to open their businesses for the morning. I recognize Mr. and Mrs. Mellark, Peeta's parents from the bakery. Mrs. Mellark is kissing her sons on the forehead and saying goodbye. Mr. Mellark looks sad, like he's fighting the tears from falling from his eyes. Peeta looks sad too, but his brothers look like their mother, like their going on a trip and aren't afraid and happy to be leaving. When Peeta sees me his eyes brighten and he looks somewhat relieved. There is a four Peacekeeper formation around the man and woman who are smiling and patiently waiting for the Mellarks to finish saying their goodbyes to each other. It's the same man and woman who were talking to the boys on Victory Tour day, the man who had Peeta on his shoulders, the ones who are from the Capital who have been taking Peeta and his brothers from school all week. One Peacekeeper taps the other on the shoulder and points to momma and I, the Peacekeeper breaks the formation and the remaining three make up for the one man who walks toward us and removes his helmet. He looks a lot like daddy but older and he smiles at momma, I look at momma and she smiles back at him. It's not until they kiss each other like I've only seen momma kiss daddy that I know something here is so wrong, so very wrong. "So it's true!" Daddy yells with such an angry voice from behind us as he pushes his way through the crowd that it makes me jump. My knees feel like they are knocking against each other and my stomach fills with dread at the confrontation that is about to take place. I know momma's aren't supposed to kiss people who they aren't married to. Daddy's face is so angry. The three Peacekeepers begin to rush the man and woman and the Mellark boys onto the train. Daddy makes it to us in a few long intimidating steps, "If you're planning on leaving then go, I don't want to be with a woman willing to do the things that you have done just to escape this place that was her home, but you're not taking Katniss." Daddy says as he scoops me up into his arms and hugs me as if protecting me from danger. "Like hell she's staying here. There's nothing here for her. Just a life of hardship and struggle until she's old enough to be in the reaping, and then what if she makes it past that? She just has to continue the life of hardship and struggle until she can marry some miner? No, I won't let her make the same mistake I did." Momma reaches out for me but my arms wrap themselves around daddy's neck and daddy steps back protectively. "Come Katniss, you're coming with me." Momma says in a voice that is meant to be calming, but with her angry expression sounds more like a threat. "No!" I yell. "I want to stay with daddy, I want to go home!" I shout at her before I openly start to cry and bury my head in daddy's shoulder. The train blows its horn so loud that it scares me and I cry harder, "Don't make me go!" I yell desperately. "The train is going to leave, we can send for her later. A train will be here next week, we'll fight for her from the Capital, we have to go, and it's now or never." The evil Peacekeeper who is taking my momma with him says as he takes some steps toward the train. I look up from daddy's shoulder and at momma, she looks sad and like she's going to change her mind. I reach my hand out to her, "Stay momma, stay with us." I beg. Momma takes my hand and I smile, thinking this means that she's staying, but instead she kisses my hand before placing a hand over her stomach. "I'll send for you, I have to go Katniss. Be a good girl, ok?" I watch as she turns and takes the Peacekeeper's hand, they run for the train as it's about to pull away from the station and board it. In one of the windows a pair of familiar blue eyes watch me, "No, Peeta! You need to stay too!" I wave my hands desperately in the air. He places a hand against the window and I see he is shouting something too but I don't get to hear it. Daddy and I watch as the train takes our favourite people from our lives, not caring about the crowd watching as our hearts break.