of sickness, blood or pain. He remarked that he doesn't want - in any way - to be reminded of your abomination, so you'd do good to adhere his wishes." "My abomination?" Peeta had been momentarily confused. What abomination? "Your leg boy. Have you forgotten? It's not looked upon favorably here in the Capitol, the loss of a limb. We don't make much profit with crippled teenagers. Katniss would've been such a hit, but it is what it is, so you'd better try extra hard. Having to work with you - the consolation gift - instead of the girl on fire, that's not exactly easy on our department, either." That had been the moment when Haymitch jumped from his armchair and slurred "Gotta go.." staggered out to the next toilet, probably. Or to puke all over the hotel lobby. Rore and Guld looked as disgusted as Peeta felt, but for completely different reasons. So far, he told himself that he was okay, he thought he could probably come out of this without feeling completely worthless, but to no avail. Them insulting his leg, his wholeness and calling him an abomination had been like a slap in the face and made his own insecurities come out in full force. It took all the willpower he had left to not let them see his pain, to not start crying. Choufer Guld spoke up then, her voice eerily similar to Effie's, "Mr. Rore, it is half past three. We have to leave now, if we're to make your next appointment." Rore raised himself up with a sigh. "We'll leave you to rest a bit now, Peeta. Try to relax, maybe take a short nap? But don't wrinkle those clothes. Let's meet again, tomorrow at lunch time. I'll tell you more details on your new patrons, and give you feedback on your performance. Remember one can always improve! You'll have a rest day on Thursday and two female clients on Friday, including our former secretary of the Interior. Contrary to Lemus, she's been quite excited that sweet Peeta Mellark is on the market now. I don't want to hear any complaints, understood?" Peeta had managed a small "Yes." and then they were gone. Haymitch still had not returned and Peeta was tempted to take another sip of Sweet Sunshine - anything to mute the pain. He turned around and in his line of vision the bottle of white liquor glittered under the artificial lights - still corked. 8 p.m. is approaching steadily, while Peeta reminiscences about Katniss' face before she closed the door in front of him only a few fleeting hours ago. How wondrous it would be to have her here with him. The door to the sky bar would open up, and she would appear. He imagines her petite dark form, dressed in a beautiful white sundress, hugging her body tightly. She would wear no bra and no underwear either. He would notice a dark shadow between her legs, the taut peaks of her nipples would be straining against the fabric. She would come closer, smile at the sight of him , showing no trace of guilt or uneasiness. She would interweave her fingers with his and they would leave this place, hand in hand. She would invite him over to her room and they would slowly undress each other in her big, fluffy bed. She would look at him longingly, kiss his hair, his brow, his nose, his lips, his chest. Then she would pepper small loving kisses on his stump and finally turn her affection to his stiff cock, examining it with her long fingers, a luscious sound of appreciation leaving her. Maybe even give it a few nice licks or - even better - suckle the tip into her honeyed mouth. After finishing her exploration, she would lift herself into his arms, her lust for him evident in her grey eyes. She would be the one to tell him that he was worth loving and wonderful despite his shortcomings. No one ever told Peeta that he was special before, so that would be another first for him. She would tell him that he was the one, that she'd always dreamed of their first time, just like he did. She would push her body against his and their tongues would entwine while she would open her legs for him, slowly taking him into her sweet, warm opening. It would be wet and oh so tight , almost too much to handle for an innocent boy like him. She would roll him over then, sitting up, taking him in much deeper. They would be connected, they would be one. And then she would start to ride him gently, move her hips and moan 'Peeta' over and over. There would be no pain, no tears, no shame - only joy, only bliss, only love. Peeta Mellark had dreamed of that moment, had brought himself to climax to thoughts of Katniss Everdeen ever since the day he first began to pleasure himself. Tears drip down his face, his vision blurring. He did not let go of his fantasy, even when he never found the courage to talk to her. He did not let go when he saw her passing the bakery one winter evening, laughing with handsome Gale Hawthorne beside her. He did not let go when she was pushing him into that vase, after he confessed his love to her in front of Panem. He did not let go when he was dying in the mud. He did not even let go when she told him that she didn't feel the same. He will never let go. At 8 o'clock sharp Peeta stands up, ready to face his destiny for the girl he loves more than life. The door to the sky bar opens and it almost feels like it could be his Katniss. Only it is not. It is not Lemus Churcher, either. Haymitch Abernathy has returned to The Mauve Mare.