rimmed as a result. "It is better this way. She doesn't have to suffer anymore and she was spared from having to see me go into the arena a second time. She would have died from the shock of the Quarter Quell Announcement. And as a plus point I have a huge house all to myself now. I can do whatever I want! Like running around naked." Johanna grins at Peeta, who is too baffled at what she just told him to react at her teasing. He doesn't even wonder for one short second if the tale of her dead mother is really the truth. He feels that it is. There is no lie in Johanna's words on this rooftop tonight. He always pitied Katniss' and thought her situation unfair and harsh. But Katniss has the love of her mother, her sister and Gale. Being all alone in this cruel world is the worst thing he can imagine. He wants to offer some comfort to Johanna and starts to reach for her, when she interrupts his gesture. "So, Peeta Mellark, after I basically told you everything there is to know about me, it is your turn. I want all the dirty details," she smirks. "Dirty details? There are no dirty details, I'm afraid. I'm only a baker's son from District 12 who got lucky and survived the Games, although the odds were definitely not in my favor." Peeta has to be careful, he cannot let it slip that Katniss is just pretending to be the girl who is head over heels in love with him, that they are not star-crossed lovers. "You live with your mommy and daddy in the Victor's Village? Got any siblings to share all the wealth with?" "I have two older brothers. The oldest is not in school anymore and will take over the family business. My parents still live in town with both of my brothers as they have to keep an eye on the bakery," Peeta says, feeling down, thinking of his own family. His parents told him they didn't want the bakery to be unattended at night, while he suspects that they just didn't want to move to the Victor's Village. "I wanted to move back home, but as the Capitol had this wonderful huge house all set up for me who could've said no to such luxury?" he grins at Johanna, knowing she would understand his little dig at President Snow. All the victors have to move to their respective Victor's Village after the Hunger Games, no exceptions. He had asked his mother if he could sleep at home every now and then, missing his family and the company. She refused. They had already burned his childhood bed in the ovens, making room so that his brothers could finally each have a bedroom of their own. The Hunger Games made Peeta realize that he hadn't been as loved as he thought. His parents certainly had provided him with food and shelter, but one would more likely receive a beating than a kind word in the Mellark household. His father didn't hit him, but he had always preferred his first born son. And the middle Mellark brother didn't care about anything but his own success at the wrestling club in school. His family had not suffered that much when he was reaped and he doubts that they would've grieved for long had he died. "Good thing that they didn't move in with me. I think they wouldn't appreciate being forced to move out again after just one year. What an inconvenience," he adds in a mocking tone. Johanna looks thoughtful. "I guess, you don't think you're going to return," she says. He nods. There is no use in pretending. Even if she survives this, he won't. It might even be that Johanna already has a plan set in motion, a plan to kill him. He is so tired about it all and having to kill the other victors is something he can't bring himself to think about as it makes him feel even more exhausted. He likes Johanna. She is funny and easy to talk to. And it has nothing to do with her looking absolutely perfect in the nude. She moves closer to him and he is fascinated by her big dark brown eyes. Her pupils almost seem to eclipse the irises. "I wouldn't be so sure about that, Peeta Mellark," she whispers, almost silently. She kisses him tenderly on his lips. All the sadness is blown away in an instant as Johanna deepens the kiss by using her tongue to gain entrance to his mouth. He returns the kiss hesitantly and feels his body reacting to her for the second time today. Just as he is lifting his arm to embrace her, Johanna stops the kiss. He must look ridiculous, with flushed cheeks and wide eyes. Johanna looks cool and collected and smiles at him. She stands up and turns towards the elevator, walking down the path slowly, swaying her hips as she goes. Halfway down she turns around and says "Good night, Peeta. I'll see you tomorrow," in a loud voice, so that every bug on the roof catches it. And then she is gone. Peeta doesn't understand what just happened here. Johanna Mason kissed him on the mouth. And it wasn't as innocent as the kisses he had shared with Katniss in the cave. There had been a hidden passion, a promise of more in that kiss. Why would Johanna kiss him? She wanted to kill him, didn't she? Peeta forces himself to stand up and go to bed. He has to be in the training center in a few hours, and he doesn't want to appear too weak due to fatigue. Dawn is breaking over the buildings of the Capitol when Peeta finally falls in an uneasy sleep. He dreams of trees in full bloom with fuchsia colored petals, growing high into the blue sky of District 7.