was supposed to do it anyway. And I'm already engaged to Gale. I don't see what difference one kiss would make. Peeta looks both surprised and uncomfortable, and he shifts on weight nervously. His eyes flicker around the room, but when he sees my expectant expression, he takes a deep breath and then a smile breaks out across his face. He leans in and presses his lips against mine, lightly at first. Then he presses firmer as he takes my lower lip between his. I feel something stir inside of me. Warm and curious. Gale has kissed me a dozen times, always a peck on the lips or a chaste kiss on my cheek. But never has it felt like this. Peeta's lips are warm and soft against my own, and warmth unexpectedly begins to slow spread out across my body. My heart begins pounding in my chest, and I find myself wanting another. It's just as I'm bringing my arm up to grasp onto his that I catch myself and jerk my head back. "I need to get back," I mumble, and as I turn to leave, I see him nod out of the corner of my eye. I rush out of there in such a hurry, that I don't realize until I'm halfway back to the house that I left the bow he gave me back there. I'm tempted to go back for it, but everything inside of me is screaming what a bad idea that is. So I press on. Inside, everyone is just beginning to settle down for Christmas dinner. Fortunately, no one seems to have noticed that I went missing. I take my seat at the table, next to Gale. Where I belong. I try to smile at him; act as though nothing has happened. But it's hard to look him or anyone else in the eye. I try to calm myself down, to tell myself that it was just a kiss I owed him from when he caught me under the mistletoe. But when he walks in a short while later, my heart immediately starts pounding again. I try not to look at him either, afraid that if I do, everyone at the table will know that we kissed. Which I don't want them to know, for some reason, no matter how innocent it may have been. The conversation quiets noticeably upon Peeta's arrival, the presence of a Union soldier at the table of an honorable Confederate family too much for anyone to stomach. I'm surprised to realize how outraged I am on his behalf; Peeta, who is far away from his own home and family, who, despite his allegiances, has never been anything but kind to the family who is forced to have him living with them. I stop myself before I blurt something out on his behalf, and remind myself to watch myself. No good can come of allowing Peeta Mellark too much room in my heart. My eyes flit over to him more often than I care for them to throughout the meal, but every time he's only looking down at his plate, not bothering to join in on the conversation; not looking at me. I frown, but remind myself that it doesn't matter. I busy myself, joining the discussion on my own, trying to play the perfect hostess; being the fiancee to Gale I know I should be. Only once more do I catch myself glancing in his direction, and this time my stomach lurches when I look straight into his blue eyes. I force them away from him immediately. Fortunately, all the activity when the meal ends forces me away from any chance for more interaction with him. I do the best I can to push him out of my mind as much as possible while I attend to everything else. It works, too, because by the time the evening is winding home, and we're bidding the others goodbye, I'm starting to feel like my old self again. At least until Gale kisses me goodnight on the lips, and I'm forced to remember the one Peeta gave me earlier. It's no use trying to compare the two. When at last I climb the stairs to my room, exhausted, I'm surprised to find the bow laying on my bed. Peeta must have brought in here in the time between when I left him, and when he joined us for the meal. I feel like I should be more disturbed by the thought of him entering my private quarters, but truthfully, it doesn't bother me at all. And I'm glad I don't have to go back out to the slave quarters now to retrieve it myself. I change into my nightgown, and settle in underneath the covers. I can't think of Peeta any longer. I can't do it. No matter how kind he's been, or thoughtful his gift to me was. Because then I start thinking of our kiss again, and even though it was innocent, I know it was innocent and that it meant nothing, I can't help the places my mind wanders to. How it would have felt to hold him like I started to; for him to hold me in return. What would have happened if I had opened my mouth just a little bit, or if his lips... I need to stop this. Peeta Mellark may be a friend after all, but he's nothing else. Can be nothing else. It's no use to even think about it, so why bother? I'm going to have a hard enough time explaining to the folk around here why I don't hate him even though he's been forced onto my family as an extra mouth to feed, and a dirty Yankee one at that. I don't need to complicate things any further. I remind myself this several times, but as I'm drifting off into sleep, but I'm vaguely aware of a delicious feeling of happiness that is somehow connected to Peeta.