can stop her, and says, "We won't hurt you. I promise." Seeing the look of joy spread across this little girl's face is enough for Gale to trust her. "I'm Rue," the girl says, her voice melodic and warm. "I hate to ask this, but do you have any more of those berries?" Prim giggles and Gale joins in before offering her some food. It's strange for him to trust another person like this, but he can't help but feel like Rue is family when he sees her laughing along with Prim. / Prim wakes up and smells fire. She knows the smell too well, and wakes up Gale and Rue with terror in her eyes. "Run," she says, and that's enough to send them all out of their campsite. Gale puts Rue on his back and grabs Prim's hand and they take off, trying to escape the smoke invading their lungs. Rue starts hacking and has to spit over Gale's shoulder. They try not to notice that eventually, blood and ash is mixed in with her saliva. They know then, that the Capitol didn't like them playing happy family. Only people from District Twelve could handle this much ash in their lungs. Eventually, Rue coughed up more and more blood. She whispers into Gale's ear as they continued to run, "You need to let me go." Gale stopped in his tracks and let Rue down. Her eyes were closing, and her little ribcage was barely rising. They must have put more ash in the smoke. Prim started to cry, and squeezed Rue's hand tightly. "I'm sorry," Prim said with a slight cough and tears trailing through ashy cheeks. "I love you two," Rue said, with a tiny smile. "I love you both so much, so you have to leave me." Gale kissed Rue's cheek, and gave Rue the customary Twelve goodbye of kissing your fingers. He took Prim's hand and slung her over his back. She cried against his back, dampening his ash covered shirt. When Rue's cannon finally sounded, Gale felt tears fall down his own cheeks. Prim whispered in his ear, just like Rue had done and broke his heart in a million ways. "I don't think I can watch another person die, Gale." He kept running. He didn't want her to be in pain, but she would have to see more deaths if she wanted to stay alive. Her tears kept falling on his back, and he thought of his promise. / Only four other tributes are left when they announce the rule change. They are the only two tributes left from the same District. That is the same night that Prim asks Gale to have sex with her. While he's holding her that night, he thinks he doesn't even know the difference between reality and make believe. / Prim looks at him differently after the rule change is announced. All of her kisses taste sweeter but her eyes are filled with such sorrow and joy that Gale wonders if she even remembers what it's like to laugh anymore. She hasn't laughed since Rue died. She kills the boy Career, Marvel, the second he approaches them, and then holds out her hand. A package falls in it and she smirks. Gale kisses her to get Prim back. She smiles against his lips. He tickles her and while she's laughing, she tells him that he's the reason she stays alive. He kisses her nose, "You're the only reason I'm afraid to die." Her smile still plays on her lips, but he sees the fear in her eyes. / He wakes up and she's not there. His breath accelerates and he can't feel her heartbeat against his palms and this makes him weak. He runs out of the cave they've occupied for the past couple of days and searches for Prim. She's nowhere to be found and he only gets more desperate to find her. Suddenly, he hears her laugh and looks up to see her in a tree. She kicks her legs back and forth, while grinning, "Scared you, didn't I?" He's about to yell at her before an arrow pierces her chest, right in the heart, and her eyes grow wide before they go cold. He wakes up from his hallucination, and even though she's alive, he sees that there's blood dripping from her temple. "I think I did something really bad," she whispers quietly, before she passes out. In the distance, three cannons sound, but the Games do not end. He kisses her forehead and tastes blood on his tongue. / The Games have not ended and there have been no things set to end it. There are no explosions or natural disasters. There is just Gale and Prim and the blood of tributes on her hands. Gale wonders if this is a Capitol tactic or a gift. / "You have to kill me," she whispers into his ear, so soft that the cameras can't catch the sound. "I promised," he replies back, in a normal tone. "I love you, so I promised." She nods and turns her back to him. He presses his fingers against her collarbone and faintly, he feels her heartbeat trapeze against them. He puts his lips on the back of her neck and she sighs. "I'm sorry." He doesn't know what she's apologizing for – but then, the trumpets sound. She clutches his hand in hers and squeezes it. "We're going back home," he whispers happily. "We're safe, Prim." She nods absentmindedly and then says in a dreamy voice, "I don't think we'll ever be safe again, Gale." He smiles, "Do you ever think about the way you are going to die?" She puts her cheeks against his, and he feels her smile creep up on her face. "Yes," she answers, after a moment's thought. "But in every scenario, you're right there with me." He takes her hand, and together, uncertain of the future, they walk into the shining lights.