mother, too. She just isn't here in 12 with me. Which is a lot more than Peeta can say for his family. They were entirely wiped out by the war. Cautiously, I approach him. I slowly sink to the ground next to him, and, sitting cross-legged, I can only watch him, silent as I let him have this time to deal with what I have already dealt with: the first time it sinks in that the people you love are really and truly gone. "I miss them," he says. I nod. "I know. I miss Prim, too." He nods also. "That's why I brought you the bushes." Of course it was. Only Peeta would think of something like that. I feel awful, though, because I spent so much time thinking about my own loss, it never occurred to me that he did it because he understood how it felt. I wish there were something I could do for him in return, but I can't think of anything. "They were beautiful, Peeta." I feel a little awkward admitting this for some reason, but I can't think of anything better to say. Besides, it seems to make him feel a little better. He gives a small smile, anyways. "I'm glad you liked them," he says, but I can tell his mind isn't really on the flowers. He stares out across the way, I think looking at what is the remains of the apple tree. He squints his eyes, as though trying to remember something, then says, "That's the tree you were under when I threw the bread. Real or not real?" "Real," I say. Peeta lets out something like a sigh and continues to study it. I take this chance to really look at him for the first time since he came home yesterday. His blond curls had been singed at the explosion at the City Center, just as my own hair had, but they seem to be growing back. Likewise, patchwork skin that mirrors mine covers his body. His seems to be healing faster than mine, though. Probably because while I was trying to starve myself to death, he was actually eating, trying to recover. Those long eyelashes of his are still there. "Why did you come back, Peeta?" I ask again. "There's nothing holding you here. You could have gone anywhere." It hurts to think about, but it's true. Coming back to 12 was never a guarantee for him. If anything, he would have been better off staying in the Capitol, working with Dr. Aurelius on regaining his memories and maybe picking up a fancy job there. Just as Gale had done. And my mother. Really, I was the only one confined to 12 anymore. Peeta takes me in for some time before he finally sighs and answers. "I told you, Katniss - I have nowhere else to go." "That's not true," I can't help saying. "You could go anywhere in Panem now, if you wanted." Several emotions at once seem to cross Peeta's face; I'm not sure what to make of them. He chooses his next words slowly, deliberately. "That's true," he agrees, "but..." his blue eyes seem to focus somewhere far away beyond my shoulder, "I guess I just feel like this is the best bet I have to ever recover the memories I haven't been able to yet." I nod. "Because this is where your family was." "Yeah," he agrees, then looks at me as though he's considering something. "And... " he begins, but then stops short. "And?" I prod him. Peeta takes a deep breath before he continues. "And... because you and Haymitch are the closest thing I have left to it, now." I can just barely fight the tears that well up in my eyes at this admission. Partly because I didn't think Peeta would ever feel this way again, and the fact that he does is nothing short of a miracle. But also because I understand all too well what he means. I bring my knees up to my chest and wrap my arms around them, looking back towards the stump of the apple tree. I say nothing, but I can feel Peeta watching me. "You don't think I'm a mutt?" I ask after a while, my voice small. I feel silly asking this, but I can't help it. I need to know. Peeta looks out across the way. "Not anymore than I am," he tells me, his voice pained. He's right, of course. Fire mutts. I made the same observation at that meeting in the Capitol. He continues. "I'm not saying I won't have my moments, though. As much as I wish I were, I'm not entirely past the hijacking." I nod. "But Dr. Aurelius has helped me a lot in the past few months. I remember..." he pauses, looking me up and down, "most of what really happened. Enough to know you would never hurt me. Not on purpose, at least." For the first time, I'm able to hold his gaze. "Okay," I say, just barely audible. And then the tears start falling. Almost instinctively, I move forward to greet them as I find myself wrapped in Peeta's arms. "Katniss," he whispers, his hands caressing my hair softly. Tears wrack my body; I jerk with every sob that escapes. Peeta is trying to hush me, but I'm soon aware that he's crying, too. We're both broken. The girl and boy who were on fire, who burned so intensely they turned their very lives to ashes. We stay like this for some time. The workers continue around us, but leave us be. It isn't until the sun has started to set, casting an orange glow on us, that we break apart. His face is red and puffy from the crying; I suppose mine is as well. Peeta gingerly climbs to his feet, then holds a hand out to help me to my own. "Come on," he says, and we walk back home together.