information was reflected in the new odds. Peacekeepers converge on the crowd behind Caesar and begin forcing people on the outer edges away, prodding them or wrestling them as they move offscreen. The casino has been temporarily locked down. Incoming traffic is being turned away, and customers inside are being separated into small groups to facilitate crowd control. There is palpable anger in the crowd, and the Peacekeepers believe the potential for it to boil over remains high. I am now told that a Mandatory Category One Curfew is in effect from the J parkway eastward to Avenue C, and from 11th northward to 45th. Diana's Shrine is at the approximate center of this region. Residents must remain in their homes until further notice. Anyone in the area found outside after the top of the hour will be taken into custody. Publius : Valuable information, Caesar. Thank you. Have you heard of any connection between the situation there and the riots downtown at Neptune's Pavilion? Caesar's smile disappears as his jaw drops. Caesar ( incredulously ): You mean there are riots downtown, too? This is the first I've heard! I imagine there is a connection, though, if the bookies know the same things the casino does. Publius : They might well. We need to break away to cover the situation there, but will you please stay with us, Caesar, to keep us informed of new developments there? Caesar : I certainly will. Publius : Thank you. We now switch our coverage back to correspondent Thyra Lothar, who is on the Corner Green located near Neptune's Pavilion. Thyra, please update us on the situation there. Only a few people are on the grass and near the Pavilion in the background. About a third of them are Peacekeepers, and most of them are leading handcuffed civilians away, although a few civilians are still running around as before. Thyra is disheveled. Her right eye is beginning to swell, and scratches on one cheek have left gaps in her tattoo. Thyra : Publius, the situation here is still unsettled but much calmer now. As you can see, the crowds are dispersing, and the Peacekeepers are rounding up ... Thyra drops her microphone and ducks as a fist-sized rock flies over her and off the right side of the screen. As she leaps out of the picture to the left, two muffled thumps and a moan are heard. Thyra drags a man by the ear back into the camera frame. She releases his ear, and as he straightens up, she plants a left uppercut on his chin. His eyes roll back, and he topples to the ground. At about half volume because of the distance from the microphone, Thyra shouts, "How's that for face time, scumbag!" She then turns around, leans down, picks up her mic, faces the camera, and picks up where she left off. Thyra : ... the last of the riffraff. Viewers must keep in mind, however, that this situation is still designated a Category One Public Safety Threat, and a Mandatory Category One Curfew is currently in effect downtown from the President's Mansion to five blocks beyond the Corner Greens in each direction. Any unauthorized person on the street in this area will be detained. As she speaks, a Peacekeeper appears behind Thyra, picks up the unconscious man's feet, and drags him out of the picture. Thyra : The cause of this ruckus was an abrupt change in the betting odds on this year's Hunger Games tributes. When that occurred, several people began to threaten the bookmakers inside Neptune's Pavilion, who began to flee. Others attempted to block or restrain those who made the threats, and it all rapidly escalated into a brawl. The brawl poured out of the Pavilion's front doors as a crowd outside was converging in response to the changing odds. Officials theorize that the latent anger in the crowd was too much of a catalyst, and the melee spread until almost everyone in the area was indiscriminately fighting, as you saw during my earlier on-air segment. Of the twenty bookmakers inside the pavilion, seventeen escaped without injury. Two were treated for minor injuries here at the scene and released. One, however, was transported to Asclepius Medical Center with a concussion, a broken nose, fractured ribs, and a dislocated jaw. He will remain there at least overnight. Publius : Thyra, have you heard any rumors about some sort of dietary supplement being made available to only some of the tributes? Thyra : Nothing of the kind. I'll investigate further here. Publius : Thank you, Thyra. Now back to Caesar Flickerman, who is reporting from Diana's Shrine. Caesar, I'm told you have new information about the potential scandal regarding the tributes' dietary supplements? Caesar : I do. The Gamemakers will be making a televised statement about it in the near future, in the interest of full disclosure to those who want to bet on the Games. I also have learned that the Secretary of Commerce has frozen all placement and cancellation of bets on the Games until further notice, pending the Gamemakers' statement. It is possible that President Snow or one of his advisors will also issue a televised statement. No official time has been announced - A wild-eyed man rushes into the picture, shoves Caesar off camera, and grabs his microphone. He looks into the camera and begins to speak. Wild-Eyed Man : People of the Capitol, see what we've become! We are the savages now! The Games must end imme- Audio is cut off, and the screen goes black. New video appears, showing a very confused Publius Overtell at the studio news desk. Publius : Uh ... this is Publius Overtell, and you're watching the Capitol Evening News. Stay tuned for continuing coverage of this unprecedented situation, as we sort out the aftermath of two riots in the Capitol this evening and, uh ... try to figure out, uh, who exactly has the odds in their favor.