want to do it," Peeta says. "It's not that," I say, "but... I think Mama was afraid it would never happen at all. For me, at least. Everyone knows Prim will have no problem finding a husband." Peeta looks as if he's trying to fight a smile. "And why would that be?" "Because she's a lot better at behaving as a proper lady should than I am, that's why. She's obedient and demure and sweet. Everything a proper gentleman looks for in a wife," I tell him, then give him a look of my own. "Well... most men." Fortunately, he laughs at this. "Don't worry," he says, "if you're not a proper lady, I'm not a proper gentleman. I'd say we're evenly matched now, wouldn't you?" "I suppose," I say, giving him a faint smile. "Okay," he says, "so, what if they come home tonight? How should I act?" I think about this for a moment. "Normal, I guess. We can't act like anything's happened, obviously." "Right. So, let me see if I have this all - I can't live here, with you, any longer. But after you've called off your engagement with Mr. Hawthorne, I can begin calling on you freely. And after a few weeks of this, I can ask for your hand in marriage officially." "The first time," I remind him. "The first time," he repeats. "Then two more times and we're in the clear." "Yes, that's right." Peeta nods, and breaks into an excited grin which I don't think he could help if he wanted to. The sight of it even makes me smile. I remember something he said earlier, though, and curiosity boils up in my mind "What are the courting customs in Nebraska like?" He gives a short laugh. "Not too different, but they're nowhere near as extensive," he tells me. Then he fixes me with a kind of a mischievous grin. "We do have this one custom, though... we call it bundling." "Bundling?" "Yes. Bundling. The man and the woman are each bundled in a blanket, and spend the night together in the same bed, talking, but no touching." I give him a suspicious look. "You're making that up." "I'm not!" he laughs. "It's supposed to allow the couple to get to know each other better before they're husband and wife." The mischievous grin on his face grows wider. "Think we can talk them into letting us do it?" "Probably not," I say in complete seriousness. There's no way Mama would ever go for anything like that. "It sounds risky." "It is," he admits. "More than one baby has been born sooner than it should have, if you know what I mean. It's not really a practice that's used much anymore these days because of it." "I can imagine," I say, though there's a small part of me that takes comfort in knowing I'm not the only lady who would participate in such activities before a wedding. I think Peeta can tell this, too, because he takes my face in his hands and kisses me. "It'll be okay," he tells me. "We'll follow your customs here, and I'm sure there won't be a problem." "I hope so," I mutter as I rise from my seat and go over to take another biscuit. "I suppose there's nothing to do now but start on the day's chores." "I'll help," he offers. The urge to tell him I don't need help rises in me, but I force myself to ignore it, and agree. The day's chores don't take long to accomplish now, anyways - mainly, he helps me with the laundry. It turns out it's a good thing I let him help me, too, since Peeta ends up having to take the tub outside to fill with snow that we boil over the fire. "Maybe there will be time for a bath later," he tells me as he hoists the post onto the hearth. "Probably only time for one, if there is." "That's fine," he smirks at me, then laughs at the expression I give. "I'm joking, Katniss," he assures me, and walks over to pull me in for a kiss. "Do you blame me for wanting to savor every moment of this time together while I can, though?" "No," I'm forced to admit, because even I don't want him to let go of his embrace with me. Later in the day, he's helping me in the kitchen as I prepare supper - putting together a small pie from the meager supply of cans preserves we were able to get from the summer, while I put together the remains of the jerk game from the last time I was able to hunt, when my eyes spot something out the window. "Peeta," I say, and I can hear the urgency in my own voice. "What is it?" he asks, sounding concerned, and walks over to stand beside me to look at what I see outside. "Is that..?" I swallow and nod. Because it's my mother and Prim returning home at last, as safe as Peeta assured me they would be. And with them is Gale, giving them a ride as they sit bundled in his sleigh. Something I had not figured into my expectations, though I should have. But I don't think Peeta had thought of this possibility, either, because I can see the apprehension on his face when I look over to him. I should be running to the door, flinging myself the rest of the distance across the snow to greet them. Instead, in the short time we have left, I slip my hand into his, feel him grasp onto it firmly as he entwines his fingers with mine. I return the squeeze, because what is about to happen, I want him to know that I've chosen him. We hold on to each other until we absolutely must let go. Then, taking a deep breath to steady myself, I move to go greet my family.