pale blue lights. "Ooh," I whispered. Then I caught sight of Skyler and James kissing beside the water. "Aww!" I said, laughing. "How cute." They broke apart and stared at me with big eyes. Then James laughed uneasily. "This is awkward." "I could assume," I said, still laughing. "Did you enjoy that?" Skyler laughed and said, "Definetly." I smiled, but inside I was dying. I missed Excel. I would be with him soon. We'd live together, or not live at all. The next day, Kitto came. He attacked in a wild flash, striking Skyler and James in the stomach with his axe. When he started at me, I tossed a knife and hit his skull easily. He dropped to the floor as a canon shot. I breathed heavily, having been awakened by the monster. Then I flew over to Skyler and James. One look told me they'd both die. I locked their hands together and turned them to face each other. Here, they could die together. "Love you," James whispered to Skyler, barely audible. "Love you, too." "Thank you, Kayta." James told me, looking at me with a pained expression. I nodded, and his eyes focused back on Skyler. Skyler's canon shot. James let out a choked cry, and then his own shot. I sighed. Another three dead. Just Knezie, Adrian, Excel, and me. Top four. How exciting. I left the cave and ventured to the Cornucopia again. Something told me Kenzie and Adrian would be there. Night came faster that day. I didn't know if it was just because I walked all day and didn't realize it, or the Gamemakers sped up time. But I settled in the same tree I found refuge in on the day of the Bloodbath. In the sky, we were shown Kitto, James, and Skyler. I frowned and watched silently, and then blinked hard to keep the tears back and lay down. Tomorrow would be the end. So better sleep well. I woke to the loud voice of Claudious. He said, "Hello, tributes! As you know, you are in the Top 4 and to speed up these Games, I'm requesting you all head to the marked land beside the Cornucopia. If you don't go now, you'll be killed. Thank you!" I frowned, but already I could see the lava starting to pool in places on the ground. I cursed, but flung myself down and trotted along toward the red flag fluttering. Then the ground raised up. A perfect circle around me, I flew upward. Below me was a sea of deadly red liquid. In a flash, Adrian and Kenzie were in front of me, Adrian pointing a machete at me, and Kenzie a knife. I stepped back, but almost fell off the edge into the lava. "There's no way out, Kayta. Accept your fate now. You're dead." I glared at Adrian, who spoke with such confidence. I was trying to be definant, but I just wanted to cry and tell them to get it over with. "Sorry I failed you, Amber. You too, Excel." I whispered. "You didn't fail me." A voice said. Excel's voice. Within seconds after he spoke, Kenzie fell to the ground, clutching a spear poking through her abdomen, and Adrian's head rolled off his body and he fell to the ground. Two canons boomed, and Excel was before me, kicking Kenzie's body off of the pillar. He leaped at me, and some of the ground fell. We stood on a platform five feet across now, and I stared into his eyes, knowing this was the end. It began to rain, and I stared at Excel, with his determined but gentle eyes. I had to kill my love, or kill myself. He told me, "You're not going to fail. You're going to win." With that, he fell backward, off of the pillar, and I barely grabbed his hand. As I gripped Excel's hand, I realized I never had ever wanted to let go. I had loved him from the start. I had wanted to be with him from the start. But these Games kept us apart. "Let me go, Kayta!" Excel called again. "Two of us can't win, and you deserve to!" "Not without you." I was on the verge of tears now. "Kayta," Excel's wonderful grey eyes fixed on my own blue ones. "Let me go." "Please! Stay with me!" "It's for the best." "Don't you want to be with me?" "Of course! But two of us can't win. I'm doing this because I love you." "Can't I fall with you?" "No. Your winning. For all those who died." "I'll come with you!" "Remember that little poem you said during the Interviews? And I told you how I loved that line. What was it again? I nodded, tears falling down to his face. "'You don't have to worry about falling,'" "'Because if you fall, I'll catch you.'" He finished for me. "And that is true. But you have to let me go, Kayta." I closed my eyes, not wanting to accept the truth. Then I gave a yank and pulled Excel up to me, just enough where he could kiss me for the first and last time. It was passionate, and when it was over, I opened my eyes. "I love you, Kayta. I will always catch you, no matter what." My throat was tight from tears, but I managed, "I love you too, Excel. Forever and always." "Forever and always." I closed my eyes and let my grip on him slip. There is no sound, until I hear a cannon shot. I opened my eyes, feeling defeated. The only sound was the rain pouring down, blinding me. Then, suddenly, "Announcing Kayta Evry, our victor for the 68th Hunger Games!" A net shot down and wrapped around me, but I didn't respond. I just lay there, exhaustion overwhelming me. Then I'm in the hovercraft. People were fussing over me, and just gave in to grief, fear, pain, misery, and fatigue.