them. He doubted they wanted to talk to him much, either. Once or twice, the thought occurred to him to go check on Katniss, but he never quite made it. She had Greasy Sae, anyway. And from the look of it, he noticed as he stared out his front window one morning, bleary eyed, she had Peeta as well. So the kid had made it back after all. He couldn't say he was surprised. Just as he wasn't surprised that the first place he stopped was at her house. Haymitch was drinking at his table in the kitchen a few hours later, when the knock came at the door. He didn't even bother to move. He knew who it was. He just didn't care. "I know you're in there, Haymitch!" Peeta yelled. Haymitch tried to ignore it, but the little tyrant wouldn't take no for an answer. Eventually, the pounding grew to be too much for Haymitch's throbbing head. He practically ripped the door off its hinges as he opened it. "Well, look who's back," he said sarcastically. "You're drunk," Peeta frowned. "You're surprised?" Haymitch tried to snarl, but it only came out as tired and frustrated. Peeta tilted his head, peering around Haymitch and into the house. His nose wrinkled as he took a sniff. "So all that work Hazelle put in, and it's gone to waste, huh?" He asked, accusing blue eyes turned back on Haymitch. "Hazelle has moved up in the world, kid," he shot back, feeling irritated. It was true-Gale had taken a job in Two not long after the war had ended, and his entire family had followed. There was no one here to clean his house now. "Sober up," Peeta said. "We'll clean it tomorrow." "A couple of months with the head doctor, and you think you're ready to preach to the rest of us, huh, kid?" Haymitch regretted the comment as soon as he saw the look in Peeta's eyes. "Tomorrow, then," he said more softly. Peeta nodded, and Haymitch closed the door, much gentler this time, as the boy walked down the stairs. The phone rang almost immediately after the door closed. Haymitch rolled his eyes, but decided he might as well answer it now. He was on a role with this social stuff today. "What?" he asked gruffly into the receiver. "What the hell have you been doing?" Johanna sounded like her old self, at least. "Recovering," Haymitch said. "What can I do for you, sweetheart?" "You can start by never calling me that again." Haymitch had to smile. He knew Johanna hated the nickname almost as much as Katniss did. Though unlike Katniss, she would counter it with a sarcastic remark of her own, and then they would laugh it off. "I'll see what I can do," he answered. "What else? I know that can't be the only reason you called." There was an uncharacteristic silence on the other end for a brief moment before Johanna answered. "I called to see how you were doing." "Me?" Haymitch scoffed. "I'm dealing with things the way I always do." "That's what I'm afraid of," Johanna admitted softly. Then she switched back to her usual brass demeanor. "Look, Haymitch, if you need me to come out there to keep an eye on you…" Haymitch had to laugh. "Don't worry. The kid is already on my case. He'll have me on the straight and narrow by tomorrow." Then a thought occurred to him. "But if you need to come out, Jo…" Johanna showed up a few weeks later. She was a nice counter to the strict, watchful eye of Peeta, though he softened up once he saw Johanna had arrived. Eventually he left them alone almost entirely, turning his attention fully on his own recovery, and spending time with Katniss. It proved a good move to let Johanna come out to Twelve to stay with him. She didn't enforce a strong drinking policy the way Peeta did, but he found himself drinking less regardless. He even found himself answering Dr. Aurelius's calls when they came. Johanna left a few weeks later, but returned a month after that. Then she began to come and go regularly, each stay a little longer than the last. They laughed at the way Katniss and Peeta danced around each other, delaying the inevitable (though deep inside, both knew it was for the better that they were trying to heal before they even tried to start something with each other). She stayed by his side when even alcohol couldn't make the painful memories dull enough. And when the loneliness seemed more than either of them could handle, they had each other. Eventually the night came when Haymitch agreed to contribute to that memory book Katniss and Peeta had been working on. It seemed to help them, and that made Haymitch curious. At first it was hard, digging into the places of his memory he had locked away ages ago. But eventually they came. Maysilee. His family and girl. First one lost tribute, and then another, and another until they were all preserved in those pages, ensured that they would never be forgotten. And Haymitch remembered them all. The names came quicker as he became absorbed with the work. Katniss recorded every word, and Peeta sketched their likeliness. Johanna watched, silent with the weight of reverence. She didn't say it, but Haymitch could see her debating in her mind whether to contribute herself. Johanna had lost tributes, too. "Anything else you want to add?" Katniss asked him when the last of the memories had been recorded. Haymitch looked around the small group before he answered. "Just one thing," he told them. "Stay alive." Happy birthday to my good friend, Deathmallow! This fic was written especially for her. Be sure to check her own work out over on AO3; it's honestly some of the absolute best Hunger Games fic out there! Thanks, as always, to feeding-geese/bigbigbigday006 for her help with this story.