my mother are shoved in by a peacekeeper. Elk rushes over and I hug him tightly, our tears spilling and mingling onto my simple blue dress. "I love you, Elk." He looks up with teary eyes and nods, then steps back and lets my mother take over. I reach over her bulging stomach and let her arms engulf me. "I prayed this would never happen to you," she whispers, "But I know you are a strong girl." I knew she wasn't talking about my physical abilities, but my spirit. I lean down and kiss her stomach, letting a tear fall. Then a guard enters and drags my family out. Just before the door slams, Elk calls out, "I love you too, and I-" but then the door is closed and I am left alone. By the time I am chaperones top the tribute train, I have formed a desperate plan. Sunlight streams through the pine branches and I open my eyes. When I reach out for Soren, my fingers find only cool pine needles. I sit up, alarmed. "Soren?" I call, then worm my way out of the tent. Finding no trace of Soren outside, I start to get frantic. "Soren?" I call louder, then run down the slope and crash through the brush, searching for a trail, a hint... then I see him, bent over a small stream washing his face. I take a deep breath to calm my shaking hands, then join him cross-legged on the bank. He looks up, happy to see me, and somehow that makes me angry. I frown and give his good shoulder a light punch. "Hey, what was that for?" he exclaims, the smile fading from his lips. "You didn't hear me calling?" I say crossly. He shrugs. "Guess not," he says lightly, combing through his hair with his fingers. I glare at him, then (finding it hard to be angry at him for very long) ask politely, "Lost in thought?" "Yes, actually," Soren says, "I was just thinking of the train." His eyes find mine, and I shake my head to remind him that our conversation is being broadcasted all over Panem. He drops his eyes down to his hands in his lap and whispers, "I'm just- so glad I stopped you." I cup my chin in my palm and watch the scenery whiz by. "This Capitol-made super train can travel over 300 miles per hour!" says our escort, Melanie Heffal, as if either of us care. Soren sits across from me in an overstuffed chair, staring absently at the golden chandelier hanging from the ceiling. I decide to put my last plan into action. I stand up and curtly ask Melanie where the washroom is, and she points me down the hall and to the left. I start off down the corridor when I remember something. Before my mind is changed, I turn back and cross over to Soren's chair, then lean down and whisper, "Thank you." He looks up, confused but before he has time to question I'm already off down the hall. I walk into the bathroom and lock the door. The walls are decorated with the seal of Panem, and the counter holds a vase of white roses. I smile and take out the roses, then toss them into the wastebasket and dump the water down the drain. I hold the vase high above the granite floors, then let it slide from my fingers. It shatters, and shards of glass fly everywhere. I throw my hands up to protect my face and wince as some bounce off my palms. Footsteps are in the corridor, and I hurriedly pick up the largest piece of glass and position it over my left wrist. Just as I'm about to cut away my lifeline, Soren knocks and says, "Willow? What happened? Are you okay?" I whisper under my breath, "No, but I'm about to get a lot better." I bear down on the corner of my wrist, and an angry red welt appears. My tears mix with the trail of blood running down my arm. "I can't do it," I whisper, and half-sit, half-collapse onto a wooden chair. Just then, the door is thrown open, and two peacekeepers and Soren burst in. The first peacekeeper grabs my arm roughly, but Soren says, "I can handle this." The guards leave reluctantly. Soren steps around the glass-covered flooring and retrieves a box of bandages from the cupboard above the sink, then comes to my side and tenderly cleans and wraps my wrist with sterile white gauze. I watched his face, crinkled with concern, and ask, "Why do you care?" He stops working and reaches to take my good hand, then stares deep into my eyes. "Because they don't." I shake my head to clear my thoughts and will away the tears pricking my eyes. Soren helps me to my feet, and we make our way back to the lean-to. Leaning back against a tree, he says, "Have I ever told you the story of my brother and the textile factory?" I lean my head on his shoulder and he puts his arm around me. "Well, as you already know, our district is famous for fabrics and textiles. My little brother, Quill, and I were waiting in the sewing room for my mother to get off of work. Quill backed up against a GIANTsewing machine and accidentally hit the on button. The needle started clacking up down, up down, and caught a stray thread on Quill's shirt. I was laughing so hard by the time I turned the machine off, Quill's sweater was unraveled up to his belly button!" I laughed, the first genuine laugh I've had in a long time. Soren beams, then says, "This sounds cheesy, but when you laugh, it's like the sun shines brighter." I blush and roll my eyes. "You're right. That was cheesy." How'd ya like it? If i get good reviews, I'll type the rest up. Thanks again!